La 628-E8 is a ' novel ' by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau , published by Fasquelle in 1907 .
The Little Locksmith is a memoir by Katharine Butler Hathaway about the effects of spinal tuberculosis on her childhood and adult life .
Time for Bed is a 1996 novel by David Baddiel ( ISBN 978 - 0751519785 ) .
The Devils of Loudun is a 1952 non - fiction novel by Aldous Huxley .
Mortal Engines is the first of four novels in Philip Reeve 's quartet of the same name .
A Step From Heaven is the first novel by An Na , published in 2001 by Front Street Press .
The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government ( 1881 ) is a book written by Jefferson Davis , who served as President of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War .
Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator is a children 's book by British author Roald Dahl .
The Outermost House is a book by naturalist writer Henry Beston .
There 's a Boy in the Girls ' Bathroom is a juvenile fiction book from the author Louis Sachar .
Alphabet of Dreams ( 2006 ) is a novel by an American novelist Susan Fletcher .
Yellow Eyes is a novel in John Ringo 's Legacy of the Aldenata series , co - authored with Tom Kratman .
Seventeenth Summer is a novel written by Maureen Daly and published in 1942 .
Swallows and Amazons is the first book in the Swallows and Amazons series by English author Arthur Ransome ; it was first published in 1930 , with the action taking place in the summer of 1929 in the Lake District .
The Canon 's Yeoman 's Tale is one of The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer .
A Child 's Garden of Verses is a collection of poetry for children by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson .
`` The Cop and the Anthem '' is a December 1904 short story by the United States author O. Henry .
Far from Medina ( French : Loin de Médine ) is a 1991 novel by the Algerian writer Assia Djebar .
Beef , No Chicken is a two - act play by Caribbean playwright Derek Walcott , written in 1981 .
The Ice People is a 1998 science fiction novel by Maggie Gee , set in a future world dominated by a new ice age .
The Southern Harmony , and Musical Companion is a shape note hymn and tune book compiled by William Walker , first published in 1835 .
Paul et Virginie ( or Paul and Virginia ) is a novel by Jacques - Henri Bernardin de Saint - Pierre , first published in 1788 .
Pertemuan Jodoh ( ( pərtəˈmuan dʒɔˈdɔh ) ; English : A Meeting of Soulmates ) is an Indonesian novel by Abdul Muis originally published in 1932 .
The Ballad of Abu Ghraib is a nonfiction book by American writer Philip Gourevitch .
Superfudge is a children 's novel by Judy Blume , published in 1980 .
God of Carnage ( originally in French Le Dieu du carnage ) is a play by Yasmina Reza .
Princess of the Midnight Ball is a 2009 young adult fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George .
Remarks on Colour ( German : Bemerkungen über die Farben ) was one of Ludwig Wittgenstein last works written during a visit to Vienna in 1950 while dying of cancer .
What 's Done in the Dark is a play written and directed by American playwright Tyler Perry .
The Diamond Brothers is a series of humorous children 's detective books by Anthony Horowitz , the first of which was published in 1986 .
The Sky Lords ( 1988 ) is a science fiction novel by Australian author , John Brosnan .
Moment in Peking is a novel originally written in English by Chinese author Lin Yutang .
The New Woman ( Polish : Emancypantki ) is the third of four major novels by the Polish writer Bolesław Prus .
The Nano Flower is a novel by Peter F. Hamilton , published on 10 March 1995 .
Too Many Magicians is a novel by Randall Garrett , an American science fiction author .
The Godfather Returns is a novel written by author Mark Winegardner , published in 2004 .
`` Worms of the Earth '' is a short story by American fantasy fiction writer Robert E. Howard .
The Marxists is a 1962 book about Marxism by sociologist C. Wright Mills .
From Potter 's Field is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell .
What Color is Your Parachute ? by Richard Nelson Bolles is a book for job - seekers that has been in print since 1970 and has been revised every year since 1975 , sometimes substantially .
Mad White Giant : a journey to the heart of the Amazon jungle is a 1985 semi - autobiographical adventure novel by British explorer and author Benedict Allen .
`` A Hunger Artist '' ( `` Ein Hungerkünstler '' ) is a short story by Franz Kafka first published in Die neue Rundschau in 1922 .
Damia 's Children is a 1993 science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey , forming part of the Talent series .
The first story is `` The Parrot Who Met Papa '' by Ray Bradbury .
Rabindra Chitravali is a four - volume set of books by art historian R. Siva Kumar that contains paintings of Rabindranth Tagore .
The Lydian Chromatic Concept of Tonal Organization is a 1953 jazz music theory book written by George Russell .
Of Whom the World was Not Worthy is an English - language novel written by award - winning American author and psychologist Marie Chapian .
The Puppet Masters is a 1951 science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein in which American secret agents battle parasitic invaders from outer space .
The Taqwacores is the debut novel by Michael Muhammad Knight , depicting a fictitious Islamic punk rock scene .
`` Once a Week Wo n't Kill You '' is a short story by American author J. D. Salinger .
Cola Cola jazz is a novel by Togolese author Kangni Alem .
Fearless , A Novel of Sarah Bowman is a 1998 novel of historical fiction by Lucia St. Clair Robson .
The Saxon Stories ( also known as `` Saxon Tales''/``Saxon Chronicles '' in the USA and `` The Warrior Chronicles '' and since the BBC TV adaptation as `` The Last Kingdom Series '' in the UK ) is a continuing historical novel series written by Bernard Cornwell about 9th and 10th century Britain .
Extra Credit is a 2009 children 's novel written by Andrew Clements .
Casualties of Peace , published in 1966 , is Irish writer Edna O'Brien 's fifth novel .
The Rain Goddess is a novel by Peter Stiff ( ISBN 978 - 1919854069 ) , set in the war - torn area of Southern Rhodesia 's ( now Zimbabwe ) north - east border .
The Parasites is a novel by Daphne du Maurier , first published in 1949 .
The Strange Death of Tory England is a book of political commentary by the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft , published in 2005 .
The Space Merchants is a science fiction novel , written by Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth in 1952 .
A Card from Morocco is a novel written by author and actor Robert Shaw .
Hitler 's War is a biographical book by David Irving .
The Golden Volcano ( French : Le Volcan d'or ) is a novel by Jules Verne , published posthumously and edited by his son Michel Verne .
El derecho de matar ( `` The Right To Kill '' ) is an Argentine novel by Raúl Barón Biza .
NOS4A2 ( pronounced Nosferatu ) is the third novel by American author Joe Hill .
Barlowe 's Guide to Extraterrestrials is a 1979 science fiction book by artist Wayne Barlowe , with Ian Summers and Beth Meacham ( who provided the text ) .
The Hot Kid is a novel written by popular , contemporary crime - fiction author Elmore Leonard .
The Birth of Biopolitics is a part of a lecture series by French philosopher Michel Foucault at the Collège de France between 1978 and 1979 and published posthumously based on audio recordings .
Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées ( Letters of Two Brides ) is an epistolary novel by the French writer Honoré de Balzac .
Chuang Tse and the First Emperor is a novel by Italian writer Anna Russo .
Have You Been to the Beach Lately ? is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher with photographs by Andrea Sperling .
The Tommyknockers is a 1987 science fiction novel by Stephen King .
The Last Space Viking is a science fiction novel written by John F. Carr and Mike Robertson , a sequel to H. Beam Piper 's Space Viking , and is set in Piper 's Terro - Human future history .
My Son the Fanatic is a short story written by Hanif Kureishi first published in The New Yorker in 1994 .
On Narcissism ( German : Zur Einführung des Narzißmus ) is a 1914 essay by Sigmund Freud , widely considered an introduction to Freud 's theories of narcissism .
Hippias Minor ( Greek : Ἱππίας ἐλάττων ) , or On Lying , is thought to be one of Plato 's early works .
The Blind Man of Seville is a 2003 crime novel and thriller by British writer Robert Wilson .
While I 'm Dead Feed the Dog is a comedic novel written by Ric Browde , published by Harper Collins in 2000 .
The Filocolo ( orig . Il Filocolo ) is a novel written by Giovanni Boccaccio between 1335 - 36 .
`` The Inverted Forest '' is a novella by J. D. Salinger , first published in Cosmopolitan magazine in December 1947 , and republished in Cosmopolitan 's `` Diamond Jubilee '' issue in March 1961 .
Državna Tajna ( English : State Secret ) is a book by Semir Halilović , son of Bosnian general Sefer Halilović , published in 2005 .
If Women Counted ( 1988 ) by Marilyn Waring , former New Zealand Member of Parliament , is an influential book in academic feminism , political economy and feminist economics .
Giacomo Joyce is a posthumously - published work by Irish writer James Joyce .
The Four Reigns ( Thai สี่แผ่นดิน , Si Phaen Din ) , a novel by Kukrit Pramoj , shows how individuals in Thai society adjust to change in the face of historic events .
Floating Dragon is the seventh novel by author Peter Straub , originally published by Underwood - Miller in November 1982 and G.P. Putnam 's Sons in February 1983 .
You Must Be Kidding is a crime thriller novel of 1979 by English author James Hadley Chase .
Geography Club is a 2003 young adult novel by American author Brent Hartinger .
Amadis of Greece ( Amadís de Grecia ) is a tale of knight - errantry written by Feliciano de Silva , a `` sequel - specialist '' who continued the adventures of Amadis de Gaula in this ninth installment .
A Shropshire Lad is a collection of sixty - three poems by the English poet Alfred Edward Housman ( 26 March 1859 -- 30 April 1936 ) .
The Cat Who Came to Breakfast ( 1994 ) is the sixteenth mystery novel by Lilian Jackson Braun , one of the Cat Who series .
Jungle Lovers ( 1971 ) is the fifth novel by American author Paul Theroux and set in post - colonial Malawi .
La Presqu’île ( translated as The Peninsula , 1970 ) is the title of a collection of three short pieces by French writer Julien Gracq that takes its name from its second work , a novella , which is preceded by La Route and followed by Le Roi Cophetua .
La fièvre is the title of a set of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English by Daphne Woodward as Fever and published by Atheneum .
The team first appears in Relative Heroes # 1 ( March 2000 ) , by Devin K. Grayson and Yvel Guichet .
My Year is a book by Roald Dahl and was published in 1993 .
The Three Evangelists ( Debout les Morts ) is a 1995 novel by French author Fred Vargas , translated into English in 2006 .
The Red Necklace is a young adult historical novel by Sally Gardner , published by Orion in 2007 .
The Viscount of Adrilankha is a fantasy novel published in three volumes and written by Steven Brust .
Search for a Method or The Problem of Method ( French : Questions de méthode ) is a 1957 essay by Jean - Paul Sartre in which he attempts to reconcile Marxism with existentialism .
The Eagle Has Landed is a book by British writer Jack Higgins , set during World War II and first published in 1975 .
Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine .
Dream Stuff is a collection of short stories by the Australian writer David Malouf , published in 2000 .
Modern Dance for Beginners is a play for two people written by British playwright Sarah Phelps .
The Last Patriot is a thriller written by American novelist Brad Thor .
Dacica ( or De bello dacico ) is a Latin work by Roman Emperor Trajan , written in the spirit of Julius Caesar 's commentaries like De Bello Gallico , and describing Trajan 's campaigns in Dacia .
Apartment 255 is a 2001 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Bunty Avieson .
Behind the Evidence is a science fiction novel by authors Amelia Reynolds Long and William L. Crawford writing under the pseudonym Peter Reynolds .
`` The Piece of String '' ( French : La Ficelle ) is an 1883 short story by Guy de Maupassant .
The Supernatural Enhancements is a 2014 horror / mystery novel and the English language literary debut of Spanish cartoonist and author Edgar Cantero .
The Boy in the Bush is a novel by D. H. Lawrence set in Western Australia , first published in 1924 .
The King of Torts ( 2003 ) is a legal / suspense novel written by American author John Grisham .
Mr Ponsonby is the fourth novel from noted New Zealand author Ian Middleton , and is described as `` his eulogy to a gentrifying Ponsonby '' .
Crucial Instances is Edith Wharton 's classic 1901 short story collection .
Sidereus Nuncius ( usually Sidereal Messenger , also Starry Messenger or Sidereal Message ) is a short astronomical treatise ( or pamphlet ) published in New Latin by Galileo Galilei on March 13th , 1610 .
The Sheltering Sky is a 1949 novel of post - colonial alienation and existential despair by American writer and composer Paul Bowles .
Dark Congress is an original novel based on the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and is written by Christopher Golden .
Jerusalem the Golden is a novel by Margaret Drabble published in 1967 , and is a winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1967 .
The Power of Shazam ! is a 1994 hardcover graphic novel , written and painted by Jerry Ordway for DC Comics .
When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster 's first novel , published in 1903 .
The Pushcart War is a popular children 's novel by the American writer Jean Merrill , illustrated by Ronni Solbert and published by Harper & Row in 1964 .
Cutter and Bone is a 1976 thriller novel by Newton Thornburg about a Vietnam veteran , Alex Cutter , who tries to convince his friend , Richard Bone , that Bone witnessed a murder .
The Marzipan Pig ( 1986 , ISBN 0 - 374 - 34859 - 6 ) is a children 's book by Russell Hoban .
Miniatures Handbook was authored by Jonathan Tweet , Mike Donais , Skaff Elias , and Rob Heinsoo , and published by Wizards of the Coast in October 2003 .
Versuch die Metamorphose der Pflanzen zu erklären , known in English as Metamorphosis of Plants , was published by German poet and philosopher Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in 1790 .
Family Devotions is a 1981 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang .
The Red Horse ( Italian : Il cavallo rosso , 1983 ) is an epic novel written by Eugenio Corti that follows an industrial family , the Rivas , in Nomana starting from the end of May 1940 through World War II and the new democratic Italy .
The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs is the sixth book in Joanna Cole and Bruce Degan 's The Magic School Bus series .
The Enemy in the Blanket ( 1958 ) is the second novel in Anthony Burgess 's Malayan Trilogy The Long Day Wanes .
The Comentarios Reales de los Incas is a book written by Inca Garcilaso de la Vega , the first published mestizo writer of colonial Andean South America .
The Continent of Circe ( 1965 ) is a book of essays written by Indian author Nirad C. Chaudhuri that was winner of the Duff Cooper Prize for 1966 .
The Subterraneans is a 1958 novella by Beat Generation author Jack Kerouac .
Wartime Lies is a semi - autobiographical novel by Louis Begley first published in 1991 .
The Last American Vampire is an action horror novel by Seth Grahame - Smith and a sequel to Abraham Lincoln , Vampire Hunter , released on January 13 , 2015 , through New York -- based publishing company Grand Central Publishing .
Invaders from the Infinite is a science fiction novel by author John W. Campbell , Jr ..
`` Tradition and the Individual Talent '' ( 1919 ) is an essay written by poet and literary critic T. S. Eliot .
My Ishmael is a 1997 novel by Daniel Quinn : a followup to Ishmael .
A Long Way from Chicago is a `` novel in stories '' ( or short story cycle ) by Richard Peck .
In eminenti apostolatus specula was a papal bull issued by Pope Clement XII on 28 April 1738 , banning Catholics from becoming Freemasons .
How German Is It ( Wie Deutsch ist es ) is a novel by Walter Abish , published in 1980 .
The Mangan Inheritance , published in 1979 , is a novel by Northern Irish - Canadian writer Brian Moore .
The Athenian Murders is an historical mystery novel written by Spanish author José Carlos Somoza .
What Maisie Knew is a novel by Henry James , first published as a serial in the Chap - Book and ( revised and abridged ) in the New Review in 1897 and then as a book later that year .
Middlemarch , A Study of Provincial Life is a novel by English author George Eliot , first published in eight instalments ( volumes ) during 1871 - -2 .
The Castaways of the Flag ( French : Seconde patrie , lit . Second Fatherland , 1900 ) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne .
Charlie Chan Carries On ( 1930 ) is the fifth novel in the Charlie Chan series by Earl Derr Biggers .
Of Walking In Ice is the diary of German film director Werner Herzog published in 1978 .
The Life and Loves of a She - Devil is a 1983 novel by British feminist author Fay Weldon about a highly unattractive woman who goes to great lengths to take revenge on her husband and his attractive lover .
Offending the Audience is a play by Austrian writer Peter Handke .
William 's Doll is a 1972 children 's picture book by Charlotte Zolotow about a boy who wants a doll even though dolls typically are considered a toy only for girls .
Brideshead Revisited , The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder is a novel by English writer Evelyn Waugh , first published in 1945 .
Philosophical Explanations is a 1981 metaphysical , epistemological , and ethical treatise by Robert Nozick .
The American Prisoner is a British novel written by Eden Phillpotts and published in 1904 and adapted into a film by the same name in 1929 .
The Roads to Freedom ( French : Les chemins de la liberté ) is a series of novels by Jean - Paul Sartre .
Scotland 's Story is book by Henrietta Elizabeth Marshall first published in 1906 in the United Kingdom and in 1910 in the United States .
Once Were Warriors is New Zealand author Alan Duff 's bestselling first novel , published in 1990 .
`` A Legend of Old Egypt '' ( Polish : `` Z legend dawnego Egiptu '' ) is a short story by Bolesław Prus , originally published January 1 , 1888 , in New Year 's supplements to the Warsaw Kurier Codzienny ( Daily Courier ) and Tygodnik Ilustrowany ( Illustrated Weekly ) .
The Adventures of Jodelle ( original title Les Aventures de Jodelle ) is a 1966 French erotic comic drawn by Guy Peellaert and scripted by Pierre Bartier .
`` The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune '' is one of the original short stories about Kull of Atlantis , written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine c. 1929 .
Hamlet 's Father is a 2008 novella by Orson Scott Card , which retells the story of Shakespeare 's Hamlet in modernist prose , and which makes several changes to the characters ' motivations and backstory .
In Praise of the Stepmother is an erotic novel by Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa , winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2010 .
The Polysyllabic Spree is a 2004 collection of Nick Hornby 's `` Stuff I 've Been Reading '' columns in The Believer .
Lovecraft 's Book is a historical novel by author Richard A. Lupoff .
Die Hochzeit ( The Wedding , WWV 31 ) is an unfinished opera by Richard Wagner which predates his completed works in the genre .
Bill Bergson ( original Swedish name : Kalle Blomkvist ) is a fictional boy detective created by Swedish writer Astrid Lindgren .
Executive Orders is a political and military thriller novel by Tom Clancy .
The Russian Debutante 's Handbook was the debut novel by author Gary Shteyngart , published in 2002 .
Principles of Mathematical Logic is the 1950 American translation of the 1938 second edition of David Hilbert 's and Wilhelm Ackermann 's classic text Grundzüge der theoretischen Logik , on elementary mathematical logic .
My Father 's Wives is a novel by the Angolan author José Eduardo Agualusa published in 2008 by Arcadia Books ( London , England ) .
The Tales of Ensign Stål ( Swedish original title : Fänrik Ståls sägner , Finnish : Vänrikki Stoolin tarinat , or year 2007 translation Vänrikki Stålin tarinat ) is an epic poem written in Swedish by the Finland - Swedish author Johan Ludvig Runeberg , the national poet of Finland .
The Ultimate Revelations is an Islamic science fiction novel by Jamshed Akhtar .
Topless in Philadelphia is a one man comedy stage play by Miles Tredinnick .
Missing Kissinger is a second book by Etgar Keret .
The Hessian is a 1972 novel by Howard Fast set in the time of the American Revolution .
King Leopold 's Soliloquy is a 1905 pamphlet by Mark Twain .
A Christian Turn'd Turk ( 1612 ) is a play by the English dramatist Robert Daborne .
Six Thinking Hats is a system designed by Edward de Bono which describes a tool for group discussion and individual thinking involving six colored hats .
Freaky Friday is a classic comedic children 's novel written by Mary Rodgers , first published in the United States in 1972 , and adapted for film several times .
The Pirates ! in an Adventure with the Romantics is the fifth novel in Gideon Defoe 's The Pirates ! series .
Listening for Lions is a children 's novel by Gloria Whelan , first published in 2005 .
The Mark of Conte is a children 's book written by American author Sonia Levitin .
Before I Go to Sleep is the first novel by S. J. Watson published in Spring 2011 .
Burning Buildings ( full title : Burning Buildings . Lyric of the Modern Soul , Горящие здания. Лирика современной души ) is the fifth book by Russian Silver Age modernist poet Konstantin Balmont .
The Asylum Seeker ( Dutch : De asielzoeker ) is a novel by Dutch author Arnon Grunberg .
Angel and the Ape was a humor comic book created by E. Nelson Bridwell published by DC Comics .
The Oeconomicus ( Greek : Οἰκονομικός ) by Xenophon is a Socratic dialogue principally about household management and agriculture .
All the World 's Mornings ( French : Tous les matins du monde ) is a 1991 novel by Pascal Quignard .
Del - Del is a psychological young adult novel written by Australian author Victor Kelleher and published in 1992 .
When Things of the Spirit Come First is Simone de Beauvoir 's ' first ' work of fiction .
Children of the River is a young adult novel by Linda Crew published in 1989 .
Going Down Fast ( ISBN 0 - 449 - 24480 - 6 ) is a 1969 novel by Marge Piercy .
Phædo or Phaedo ( /ˈfiːdoʊ/ ; Greek : Φαίδων , Phaidōn , Greek pronunciation : ( pʰaídɔːn ) ) , also known to ancient readers as On The Soul , is one of the best - known dialogues of Plato 's middle period , along with the Republic and the Symposium .
Morning in the Burned House is a book of poetry by Canadian author Margaret Atwood , published by McClelland and Stewart in 1995 .
The Mighty Swordsmen is a 1970 anthology of fantasy short stories in the sword and sorcery subgenre , edited by Hans Stefan Santesson .
The Strode Venturer is a thriller by Hammond Innes published in 1965 .
In the Teeth of the Evidence is a collection of short stories by Dorothy L. Sayers first published by Victor Gollancz in 1939 .
Strangers in Paradise is a long - running , mostly self - published black - and - white comic book , written and drawn by Terry Moore .
The Threateners is the title of a spy novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1992 .
The Grammar of Science is a book by Karl Pearson first published in hardback in 1892 .
The Pacific Between is a romantic coming of age novel by Raymond K. Wong .
On the Crown ( Ancient Greek : Ὑπὲρ Κτησιφῶντος περὶ τοῦ Στεφάνου ) is the most famous judicial oration of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes , delivered in 330 BC .
Mr Olim is a novel by Ernest Raymond , published to critical acclaim by Cassell in 1961 .
The Porcelain Fat Lady ( Spanish : La gorda de porcelana ) is a children 's story by the Chilean writer Isabel Allende .
Demons of the Deep is a single - player roleplaying gamebook written by Steve Jackson ( the American game designer , rather than the series co - creator ) , illustrated by Duncan Smith and originally published in 1984 by Puffin Books .
The Road of Bones is a 2006 young adult novel written by Anne Fine .
The Lives of Animals ( 1999 ) is a metafictional novella about animal rights by the South African novelist J. M. Coetzee , recipient of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature .
The Perilous Gard is an American young adult novel by Elizabeth Marie Pope , published in 1974 .
Night of Error is a First - person narrative novel written by English author Desmond Bagley , and was first published in 1984 .
Lost Laysen is a novella written by Margaret Mitchell in 1916 , although it was not published until 1996 .
Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island is a 1928 novel by H. G. Wells .
Figure Away , first published in 1937 , is a detective story by Phoebe Atwood Taylor which features her series detective Asey Mayo , the `` Codfish Sherlock '' .
Gods and Pawns ( ISBN 0 - 765 - 31552 - 1 ) is a collection of stories written by Kage Baker and published by Tor Books .
A Further Range is a collection of poems by Robert Frost published in 1937 .
Dreamtigers , first published in 1960 as El Hacedor ( `` The Maker '' ) , is a collection of poems , short essays , and literary sketches by the Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges .
Tales from the Heart is the title of a series of comic books , written by Cindy Goff and Rafael Nieves and illustrated by Seitu Hayden .
The Wreck of the Zephyr is a children 's book written and illustrated by the American author Chris Van Allsburg , first published by Houghton Mifflin in March 1983 .
Fables and Parables ( Bajki i przypowieści , 1779 ) , by Ignacy Krasicki ( 1735 - -1801 ) , is a work in a long international tradition of fable - writing that reaches back to antiquity .
Borkmann 's Point ( Swedish : Borkmanns punkt ) is a prize - winning crime novel by Swedish writer Håkan Nesser , first published in Sweden in 1994 and translated into English by Laurie Thompson in 2006 .
The Ambassador 's Mission is a fantasy novel that was released on May 6 , 2010 in hardback by author Trudi Canavan .
Eleanor Burns self - published her first book Make a Quilt in a Day :
Green Rider ( titled The Green Rider in some later printings ) is the first novel written by Kristen Britain and is the first book in its series .
Espresso Tales is a novel by Alexander McCall Smith , the author of The No . 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency .
The Voodoo Macbeth is a common nickname for the Federal Theatre Project 's 1936 New York production of William Shakespeare 's Macbeth .
Biographia Literaria , or in full Biographia Literaria ; or Biographical Sketches of MY LITERARY LIFE and OPINIONS , is an autobiography in discourse by Samuel Taylor Coleridge , which he published in 1817 , in two volumes .
The Tale of One Bad Rat is a 4-issue comic book limited series by Bryan Talbot .
The Last of Chéri ( French : La Fin de Chéri ) is a novel written by Colette .
Girl Meets Ghost is a children 's novel series launched in 2013 by author Lauren Barnholdt about a tween girl who can see and talk with ghosts as she helps them move on to the afterlife , though what happens when ghosts `` move on '' is unclear .
Moominland Midwinter ( Swedish title Trollvinter ) is the fifth in the series of Tove Jansson 's Moomins books , published in 1957 .
`` Son of the White Wolf '' is an El Borak short story by Robert E. Howard .
King Dork Approximately is a 2014 Young Adult Novel by Frank Portman .
The Lotus and the Storm is a novel about war and its casualties by Lan Cao .
A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy ( German : Kritik der Politischen Ökonomie ) is a book by Karl Marx , first published in 1859 .
Ashling is the third book in the Obernewtyn series by Isobelle Carmody .
Probability Sun is a 2001 science fiction novel by Nancy Kress , a sequel to her 2000 publication Probability Moon .
The Mentality of Apes by Wolfgang Köhler is a landmark work in ethology , cognitive psychology and the study of the anthropoid apes .
Coming into the Country is a 1976 book by John McPhee about Alaska and McPhee 's travels through much of the state with bush pilots , prospectors , and settlers , as well as politicians and businesspeople who each interpret the state in different ways .
Iron Empires is a science fiction comic series written and painted by the American artist Christopher Moeller .
`` Barn Burning '' is a short story by the American author William Faulkner which first appeared in Harper 's in 1939 and has since been widely anthologized .
Melting Stones , a fantasy novel by young adult author Tamora Pierce , was released by Full Cast Audio as an audiobook original in October 2007 , and was released in print form by Scholastic in the summer of 2008 .
The Colour of a Dog Running Away is a novel by the Welsh novelist Richard Gwyn published in 2005 .
When Gravity Fails is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1986 .
The Empty City is a 2012 children 's fantasy novel written under the pseudonym Erin Hunter .
Calico Joe is John Grisham 's first baseball novel .
Philosophy of Arithmetic ( PA ; German : Philosophie der Arithmetik . Psychologische und logische untersuchungen ) is Edmund Husserl 's first published book .
The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent is an influential essay , part of the essay collection The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent , and Other Essays published in 1915 by John Erskine , English professor at Columbia University .
Place Called Estherville is a novel written by Erskine Caldwell , most famous for his novels Tobacco Road and God 's Little Acre .
Three Tales of Horror is an illustrated collection of stories by American author H. P. Lovecraft .
Mariana Pineda is a play by the Spanish playwright and poet Federico García Lorca .
The novel The Story of the Last Thought ( in German Das Märchen vom letzten Gedanken ) of the German - Jewish writer Edgar Hilsenrath is about the Armenian Genocide in 1915 .
`` Blue Tigers '' ( Spanish : Tigres azules ) is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges .
Blood Red , Snow White is a historical novel by Marcus Sedgwick published in 2007 .
Just Tricking ! is the first volume in the Just ! series written by Andy Griffiths .
Gil Jourdan is a Belgian detective comic strip created by Maurice Tillieux .
Ídolos rotos ( Broken Idols ) is a novel by the Venezuelan writer Manuel Díaz Rodríguez that was published in 1901 .
Inner Experience ( French : L'expérience intérieure ) is a 1943 book by Georges Bataille , his first lengthy philosophical treatise .
Further Adventures of Lad , also known as Dog Stories Every Child Should Know , is a 1922 American novel written by Albert Payson Terhune and published by George H. Doran .
Silent Interviews is a 1995 collection of written interviews with author , professor , and critic Samuel R. Delany .
The Fourth Realm Trilogy refers to the trilogy of books written by pseudonymous author John Twelve Hawks and published between 2004 ( in the UK , 2005 in the US ) and 2009 .
Animal Ark is a children 's book series written by a collection of authors under the direction of Ben M. Baglio using the pseudonym Lucy Daniels starting in 1994 .
Studies in the Philosophy of Marxism ( Russian : Очерки по философии Марксизма ) was an account of a seminar held by Vladimir Bazarov , Alexander Bogdanov , Anatoly Lunacharsky , Jakov Berman , Osip Gelfond , Pavlov Yushkevich and Sergey Suvorov ( 1869 - 1918 ) published in St Petersburg in 1908 .
The Fight for Manod ( ISBN 0701208090 ) is a 1979 novel by Raymond Williams .
The Valorous Years is a serial novella by A. J. Cronin , initially published in 1940 in Good Housekeeping magazine .
An Evening of Long Goodbyes is a 2003 comic novel by Irish author Paul Murray .
It Happened in Boston ? ( 1968 ) is a novel by Russell H. Greenan .
Jhegaala is the eleventh book in Steven Brust′s Vlad Taltos series , set in the fantasy world of Dragaera .
El Jetón is the final novel published by Salvadoran writer Arturo Ambrogi shortly before his death in 1936 .
Agnes of God is a play by John Pielmeier which tells the story of a novice nun who gives birth and insists that the child was the result of a virgin conception .
Tribal Scars is a collection of short stories by Senegalese author Ousmane Sembène .
Three Lives ( 1909 ) was American writer Gertrude Stein 's first published book .
The Last Canadian is a 1974 science fiction novel by William C. Heine about the adventures of Eugene Arnprior after North America is devastated by a plague .
`` Annabel Lee '' is the last complete poem composed by American author Edgar Allan Poe .
The Wanderground is a speculative fiction novel by Sally Miller Gearhart , published in 1979 by Persephone Books .
London Under is a 2012 book by British biographer , novelist , and critic Peter Ackroyd about the history of underground London .
Haroun and the Sea of Stories is a 1990 children 's book by Salman Rushdie .
Koštana ( Serbian : Коштана ) is a popular play , written by Borisav Stanković .
Les Mauvais Rêves ( English : Bad Dreams ) is the first album in the French comic book ( or bande dessinée ) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean - Claude Mézières .
The Dream of the Mad Monkey ( Le rêve du singe fou ) is a novel by Christopher Frank , published in 1976 .
Night of the Grizzlies ( 1969 ) is a book by Jack Olsen which details events surrounding the night of August 13 , 1967 , when two young women were separately attacked in Glacier National Park , Montana , by grizzly bears .
Asinaria , which has been translated as The One with the Asses , is a comic play written in Latin by the Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus and is known as one of the great works of ancient Roman comedy .
Meteor ! is a 1987 children 's picture book by author Patricia Polacco .
The Story of a Soul ( l'Histoire d'une Âme ) is the autobiography of Thérèse of Lisieux , a French Discalced Carmelite nun , later recognized as a saint .
The Complete Peanuts is a series of books containing the entire run of Charles M. Schulz 's long - running newspaper comic strip Peanuts .
Woodsong is a book of memoirs by Gary Paulsen .
Honus & Me is a children 's novel by Dan Gutman , published in 1997 , and the first in the Baseball Card Adventures series .
Dragonsdale is a fantasy novel written by The Two Steves ( Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore ) under the pen name `` Salamanda Drake '' and published by Scholastic in 2007 .
Those Barren Leaves is a satirical novel by Aldous Huxley , published in 1925 .
The Illustrated Bible Dictionary , better known as Easton 's Bible Dictionary , is a reference work on topics related to the Christian Bible compiled by Matthew George Easton .
Invasion of the Sea ( French : L'Invasion de la mer ) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne .
Balder Dead is a narrative poem with powerful tragic themes , first published in 1855 by Matthew Arnold .
Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill 's Hotel is a novel written by William Trevor , first published by The Bodley Head in 1969 .
The Meditations of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius Antoninus .
Skallagrigg is a 1987 novel written by William Horwood and influenced by Horwood 's relationship with his own daughter Rachel , who has cerebral palsy .
The English Spy is the fifteenth in Daniel Silva 's Gabriel Allon series .
My Name Is Anne , She Said , Anne Frank is a 2003 memoir - book written by Jacqueline van Maarsen .
Madame Two Swords is a fantasy novelette by Tanith Lee .
The Beast House is a 1986 horror novel by American author Richard Laymon .
`` Waterspider '' is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick , first published in 1964 in If magazine .
The Salt Eaters is a 1980 novel , the first such work by Toni Cade Bambara .
Safari Adventure is a 1966 children 's book by the Canadian - born American author Willard Price featuring his `` Adventure '' series characters , Hal and Roger Hunt .
The Ship Who Sang ( 1969 ) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey , a fix - up of five stories published 1961 to 1969 .
The Monsters of Morley Manor ( sometimes subtitled A Madcap Adventure ) is a children 's fantasy / sci - fi / horror novel written by Bruce Coville , published in 2001 .
The Trail of Blood ( 1931 ) is a booklet by the Baptist minister , James Milton Carroll .
Black Boy ( 1946 ) is a memoir by Richard Wright , detailing his youth and his eventual move to Chicago , where he establishes his writing career and becomes involved with the Communist Party .
The Owl Service is a low fantasy novel for young adults by Alan Garner , published by Collins in 1967 .
Zündels Abgang ( Zündel 's Departure ) is the first novel of Swiss writer Markus Werner ( 1944 in Eschlikon ) , that was published in 1984 and became a bestseller and enjoys the status of cult novel for a lot of readers .
In the Mouth of the Whale is a 2012 science fiction novel by Paul J. McAuley , the third in his Quiet War sequence .
The Blue Man is a mystery , science fiction novel written by American author Kin Platt .
One Amazing Thing is a 2010 novel by award - winning novelist and poet Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni .
`` Critical Factor '' is a science fiction short story written by Hal Clement , and published in 1953 .
The House of Lost Identity is a collection of short stories by Donald Corley , illustrated by the author .
Pegasus in Space ( 2000 ) is a science fiction novel by Anne McCaffrey , set in her `` Talents Universe '' .
Territorial Rights is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark published in 1979 .
A Lady of Quality is a novel published in 1896 by Frances Hodgson Burnett that was the second highest best - selling book in the United States in 1896 .
Holiday at the Dew Drop Inn is the third and final book in the series by Eve Garnett which began with the award - winning The Family from One End Street in 1937 , and continued with the long - delayed Further Adventures of the Family from One End Street ( published in 1956 ) .
The Wives of Israel will be the fourth novel in the Women of Genesis series by Orson Scott Card .
Delusion and Dream in Jensen 's Gradiva ( German : Der Wahn und die Träume in W. Jensens `` Gradiva '' ) is an essay written in 1907 by Sigmund Freud that subjects the novel Gradiva by Wilhelm Jensen , and especially its protagonist , to psychoanalysis .
The Clean House is a play by Sarah Ruhl , which premiered in 2004 at Yale Repertory Theatre , was produced Off - Broadway in 2006 , and has since been produced in many theaters .
Memoirs of Modern Philosophers is a novel by British author Elizabeth Hamilton published in 1800 .
Antic Hay is a comic novel by Aldous Huxley , published in 1923 .
Against Leptines was a speech give by Demosthenes in which he called for the repeal of a law sponsored by Leptines which denied anyone a special exemption from paying public charges ( leitourgiai ) .
A Decayed Family ( Захуда′лый род , Zakhudaly rod ) is an unfinished novel by Nikolai Leskov , subtitled `` The Family Chronicles of Princes Protazanov '' .
The Search for the Red Dragon , by James A. Owen , is a fantasy novel released on January 1 , 2008 .
Harlot 's Ghost ( 1991 ) is a fictional chronicle of the Central Intelligence Agency by Norman Mailer .
Siebenkäs is a German Romantic novel by Jean Paul , published in Berlin in three volumes between 1796 and 1797 .
Love Creeps ( 2005 ) is the third novel by American writer Amanda Filipacchi .
Barbapapa is both the title character , and name of the `` species '' of said character , of a series of children 's books written in the 1970s by Annette Tison and Talus Taylor , who resided in Paris , France .
Garden of the Purple Dragon is a children 's fantasy novel by Carole Wilkinson , published in September 2005 by Macmillan Publishers .
Strange Brother is a gay novel written by Blair Niles published in 1931 .
The Last Dodo is a BBC Books original novel written by Jacqueline Rayner and based on the long running science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Fourth Bear is a mystery / fantasy novel by Jasper Fforde published in July 2006 .
The Time Machine Did It ( ISBN 0 - 9755799 - 0 - 8 ) is a comic novel by American author John Swartzwelder , known for his work on popular cartoon sitcom The Simpsons .
A Study in Scarlet is an 1887 detective novel by British author Arthur Conan Doyle .
The Kitchen God 's Wife is the second novel by Chinese - American author , Amy Tan .
Baby Is Three is a science fiction novella by Theodore Sturgeon , first published in the October 1952 issue of Galaxy magazine .
Shall We Tell the President ? is a 1977 novel by English author Jeffrey Archer .
A Rather English Marriage is a novel by Angela Lambert , first published in 1992 , and later adapted for television by Andrew Davies for the BBC .
Scenes of Clerical Life is the title under which George Eliot 's first published fictional work , a collection of three short stories , was released in book form ; it was the first of her works to be released under her famous pseudonym .
Motl , Peysi the Cantor 's Son subtitled The Writings of an Orphan Boy ( מאָטל פּייסי דעם חזנס ; כתבֿים פֿון אַ ייִנגל אַ יתום -- motl peysi dem khazns ; ksovim fun a yingl a yosem ) was the last novel by the Yiddish author Sholem Aleichem , and unfinished at the time of his death .
The Under Dog and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the United Kingdom in 1929 by The Reader 's Library .
The Rider is a short Ruritanian romance by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Little Wizard Stories of Oz is a set of six short stories written for young children by L. Frank Baum , the creator of the Oz books .
Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest is a 2003 work by ethnohistorian Matthew Restall in which he posits that there are seven myths about the Spanish colonization of the Americas that have come to be widely believed to be true .
The Killing Star is a hard science fiction novel by Charles R. Pellegrino and George Zebrowski , published in April , 1995 .
Amnesiascope is a 1996 novel by Steve Erickson .
Flyte is a 2006 children 's novel by Angie Sage and the second book in the Septimus Heap series .
The Summer Son is a 2011 novel by Craig Lancaster , and the second novel by the author .
The Passionate Pilgrim ( 1599 ) is an anthology of 20 poems collected and published by William Jaggard that were attributed to `` W. Shakespeare '' on the title page , only five of which are considered authentically Shakespearean .
Sam Steele 's Adventures on Land and Sea is a juvenile adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum , famous as the creator of the Land of Oz . The book was Baum 's first effort at writing specifically for an audience of adolescent boys , a market he would pursue in the coming years of his career .
My Father 's Glory ( French : La Gloire de mon père ) is a 1957 autobiographical novel by Marcel Pagnol .
Becoming Madame Mao is a historical novel by Anchee Min detailing the life of Jiang Qing .
A Treatise on Money is a work on economics by English economist John Maynard Keynes .
Chicken with Plums ( Poulet aux prunes in the original French version ) is a graphic novel by Iranian author Marjane Satrapi .
The Robe is a 1942 historical novel about the Crucifixion of Jesus written by Lloyd C. Douglas .
`` The Three Clever Kings '' is a children 's fairytale from the anthology The Necklace of Princess Fiorimonde that was written by Mary De Morgan .
Midnight 's Choice is a fantasy novel for young adults , by Kate Thompson .
Max and the Cats is a 1981 novella by Brazilian writer and physician Moacyr Scliar .
The Octagonal Raven is a 2001 science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt , Jr.
Mary 's Land , by Lucia St. Clair Robson , is a 1995 historical novel , set in the year 1638 .
I Love You , Beth Cooper is a comedy novel written by former The Simpsons writer Larry Doyle .
`` The Yazoo Queen '' ( 2003 ) is a fantasy short story by Orson Scott Card set in his The Tales of Alvin Maker series .
The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes is a series of three annotated books edited by Leslie S. Klinger , collecting all of Arthur Conan Doyle 's short stories and novels about Sherlock Holmes .
Funny Money is a farce written by Ray Cooney .
The Fear Index is a 2011 novel by British author Robert Harris .
Touch the Dark is the first book in The Cassandra Palmer series , written by best - selling author Karen Chance .
The Life Lottery , a futuristic eco - thriller , is the final book in Ian Irvine 's Human Rites Sequence , set after the events in Terminator Gene , it is also only published in Australia and currently out of print , but will be re - released as a revised edition in March 2010 .
The Fifth Head of Cerberus is the title of both a novella and a single - volume collection of three novellas , written by American science fiction and fantasy author Gene Wolfe , both published in 1972 .
A Sense of Where You Are , by John McPhee , profiles Bill Bradley during Bradley 's senior year at Princeton University .
Jewtopia is a comedic play by Bryan Fogel and Sam Wolfson .
Distrust That Particular Flavor is a collection of non - fiction writing by speculative fiction author William Gibson .
The Ancestor Cell is a novel by Peter Anghelides and Stephen Cole , based on the science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Golden Son is a 2015 science fiction novel by American author Pierce Brown , the second in his forthcoming Red Rising trilogy .
Murder in the Cassava Patch ( 1968 ) is a novella by Liberian Bai T. Moore .
Moon Tiger is a 1987 novel by Penelope Lively which spans the time before , during and after World War II . The novel won the 1987 Booker Prize .
Memories of a Catholic Girlhood is the autobiography of Mary McCarthy that was published in 1957 .
Nerilka 's Story is a science fiction novella by the American - Irish author Anne McCaffrey .
`` Planet of the Symbiotes '' is a five - issue comic book story - arc written by David Michelinie and published by Marvel Comics in 1995 .
Emus Ca n't Walk Backwards is the sequel to Robert Anwood 's 2006 book Bears Ca n't Run Downhill .
The People of the Abyss ( 1903 ) is a book by Jack London about life in the East End of London in 1902 .
Tonight , by Sea is a young adult novel written by Frances Temple , published in 1995 .
Space Viking is a science fiction novel written by H. Beam Piper and is set in his Terro - Human future history .
The Theosophical Glossary by Helena Blavatsky was first published in 1892 .
Waiting for Sunrise is a 2012 espionage novel by William Boyd .
The Blair Years is a book by Alastair Campbell , featuring extracts from his diaries detailing the period during which he worked for Tony Blair .
A Key to the Suite is a novel by American author John D. MacDonald first published in 1962 by Fawcett Publications .
The Indigo Spell is a fiction novel written by the American author Richelle Mead .
Deadman 's Road is a collection of one novel and four novellas by American writer Joe R. Lansdale .
Zuiweng Tingji ( simplified Chinese : 醉翁亭记 ; traditional Chinese : 醉翁亭記 ; pinyin : Zùiwēng Tíng Jì ; literally : `` An Account of the Old Toper 's Pavilion '' ) is a semi - autobiographical poem by Ouyang Xiu ( 1007 - -1072 CE ) .
My Lord John is an unfinished historical fiction novel by the British author Georgette Heyer , published posthumously in 1975 after her death the previous year .
Steps to an Ecology of Mind is a collection of Gregory Bateson 's short works over his long and varied career .
Means of Evil is a collection of short stories by British writer Ruth Rendell .
Straight White Male , a novel by California writer Gerald Haslam , won the Western States Arts Federation Book Award for Fiction and the Foreword Magazine Award in 2000 .
Anne of Geierstein , or The Maiden of the Mist ( 1829 ) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott .
Brown Girl Dreaming is a 2014 adolescent novel told in verse by author Jacqueline Woodson .
Quelques Portraits - Sonnets de Femmes is a poetry chapbook , by Natalie Clifford Barney , with watercolor illustrations by Alice Pike Barney .
DNA Repair and Mutagenesis is a college - level textbook about DNA repair and mutagenesis written by Errol Friedberg , Graham Walker , Wolfram Siede , Richard D. Wood , and Roger Schultz .
The Blue Air Compressor is a short story by Stephen King , first published in January 1971 in Onan Magazine ( University of Maine ) .
Magic Street ( 2005 ) is an urban fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
Seven Little Monsters is a children 's picture book by American author and illustrator Maurice Sendak .
Contre Sainte - Beuve is an unfinished book of essays written by Marcel Proust .
The Modern Corporation and Private Property is a book written by Adolf Berle and Gardiner Means published in 1932 regarding the foundations of United States corporate law .
Pirate Freedom ( 2007 ) is a fantasy novel by Gene Wolfe about a young man who is transported back in time and becomes a pirate .
`` The Thriving Cult of Greed and Power '' is an article , written in 1991 by U.S. investigative journalist Richard Behar , which is highly critical of Scientology .
Sentimental Education ( French : L'Éducation sentimentale , 1869 ) is a novel by Gustave Flaubert , that is considered one of the most influential novels of the 19th century , being praised by contemporaries George Sand , Émile Zola , but criticised by Henry James .
The Fourth Philippic is a speech attributed to the Athenian statesman and orator , Demosthenes and given in 341 BC . It constitutes the last of the four philippics .
Arc d'X ( 1993 ) , by Steve Erickson , is an Avantpop novel .
Inside Himalaya is a large coffee - table style book containing pictures taken by Basil Pao , who was the stills photographer on the team that made the Himalaya with Michael Palin TV program for the BBC .
North to the Orient is a 1935 book by the American writer Anne Morrow Lindbergh .
Alaler Gharer Dulal ( published in 1857 ) is a Bengali novel by Peary Chand Mitra ( 1814 - 1883 ) .
Good Morning , Holy Spirit is a best - selling book by Benny Hinn on the person of the Holy Spirit .
Nine Coaches Waiting is a then - contemporary suspense , Gothic Romance novel by Mary Stewart published originally in 1958 .
A Change of Skin is a love story written by Carlos Fuentes about a Mexican writer , and his American Jewish wife .
The Shadow of Saganami is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber , published in 2004 .
Marino Faliero , Doge of Venice is a blank verse tragedy in five acts by Lord Byron , published and first performed in 1821 .
Anno Dracula is a 1992 novel by British writer Kim Newman , the first in the Anno Dracula series .
7×7 Tales of a Sevensleeper ( German : Siebenschläfergeschichten ) is a 1985 children 's book written by Hanna Johansen .
A Singular Life is a novel published in 1895 by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward .
Continuidad de los parques , or Continuity of the parks , is a short story in Spanish by Argentine writer Julio Cortázar ( 1914 - -1984 ) .
Among the Brave is a 2004 book by Margaret Peterson Haddix , about a time in which drastic measures have been taken to quell overpopulation .
On Overgrown Paths is the English title of a 1949 novel by Norwegian author Knut Hamsun , and is seen as the author 's attempt at proving his soundness of mind after his sanity was called into question .
The Copper Peacock and Other Stories is a short - story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell .
Sourcery is the fifth Discworld novel by Terry Pratchett , published in 1988 .
Inspired Talks ( first published 1909 ) is book compiled from a series of lectures of Swami Vivekananda .
The Magic Item Compendium was written by Andy Collins with Eytan Bernstein , Frank Brunner , Owen K.C. Stephens , and John Snead .
The Jucklins is an 1896 novel by Opie Read .
The Law of Nations ( French : Le droit des gens ) is a work of political philosophy by Emerich de Vattel , published in 1758 .
The Colour of Blood , published in 1987 , is a political thriller by Northern Irish - Canadian novelist Brian Moore about Stephen Bem , a Cardinal in an unnamed East European country who is in conflict with the Roman Catholic Church hierarchy and finds himself caught in the middle of an escalating revolution .
All Aboard for Ararat is a 1940 allegorical novella by H. G. Wells that tells a modernized version of the story of Noah and the Flood .
Hothouses ( or Hot House Blooms , French : Serres chaudes ) ( 1889 ) is a book of symbolist poetry by Belgian Nobel Laureate Maurice Maeterlinck .
Havana Storm is a 2014 mystery novel written by international best - selling author Clive Cussler .
The Six Sacred Stones is a novel by Australian thriller author Matthew Reilly .
The Witchery of Archery , written by Maurice Thompson in 1878 , was the first book in English about hunting with a bow ever published .
The Tragedy of the Korosko ( 1898 ) is a novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
Kylie / Fashion is an official fashion photography book about the career of Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue .
What a Week Omnibus Books 4 - 6 is the second omnibus in What a Week series by Rosie Rushton .
Life Begins at Forty is a 1932 American self - help book by Walter B. Pitkin .
The Between is the first novel by writer Tananarive Due .
The Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas is a critical edition of the Ramcharitmanas edited by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya and published by the Tulsi Peeth .
Boży bojownicy ( Warriors of God ) is a historical novel with fantasy elements , written by Andrzej Sapkowski .
As You Like It is a pastoral comedy by William Shakespeare believed to have been written in 1599 and first published in the First Folio , 1623 .
Curious Notions is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove .
Konstantin Sakaev ( Russian : Константин Сакаев ; born 13 April 1974 in Leningrad ) is a Russian chess Grandmaster ( 1993 ) , chess author and Russian champion in 1999 .
John Hopkinson , FRS , ( 27 July 1849 -- 27 August 1898 ) was a British physicist , electrical engineer , Fellow of the Royal Society and President of the IEE ( now the IET ) twice in 1890 and 1896 .
Rebati Mohan Dutta Choudhury ( 1924 - -2008 ) was a noted Assamese litterateur , Sahitya Akademi Award winner and an academician basically from Gauripur in Assam , India .
William Sully Beebe ( February 14 , 1841 -- October 12 , 1898 ) was a Union officer who received the Medal of Honor on June 30 , 1897 for his action at Cane River Crossing , Louisiana on April 23 , 1864 .
Italo Gariboldi ( 20 April 1879 -- 3 February 1970 ) was a senior officer in the Italian Royal Army ( Regio Esercito ) before and during World War II . He was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross by German Führer Adolf Hitler , for his leadership of Italian forces in the Battle of Stalingrad .
Sadanandante Samayam is a 2003 Malayalam satirical film directed by Akbar - Jose and starring Dileep and Kavya Madhavan .
The Friends of Eddie Coyle is a 1973 crime film directed by Peter Yates and starring Robert Mitchum and Peter Boyle .
It is an adaptation of the iconic 1950s television series The Phil Silvers Show , often informally called Sgt . Bilko , or simply Bilko , and stars Steve Martin , Dan Aykroyd and Phil Hartman .
The Devonsville Terror is a 1983 horror film , directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Suzanna Love , Donald Pleasence , and Robert Walker .
It is supplemented by CNN World News Asia and CNN World News Europe The show 's traditional time run is 24-hours if it is followed by CNN World News Middle East The show 's regular presenters include Errol Barnett .
Bone Tomahawk is a 2015 American horror western film directed and written by S. Craig Zahler , and stars Kurt Russell , Patrick Wilson , Matthew Fox , Richard Jenkins , Lili Simmons , David Arquette , Sid Haig and Sean Young .
Daring Youth is a 1924 American silent comedy drama film directed by William Beaudine , starring Bebe Daniels , Norman Kerry , and Lee Moran .
Blanche Fury is a 1948 British Technicolor drama film directed by Marc Allégret and starring Valerie Hobson , Stewart Granger and Michael Gough .
Lola Montez , the King 's Dancer ( German : Lola Montez , die Tänzerin des Königs ) is a 1922 German silent historical drama film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Ellen Richter , Arnold Korff and Fritz Kampers .
Rajotto is an Dhallywood crime action thriller film directed by Iftakar Chowdhury and produced by Fatman Films . The film stars Shakib Khan and Bobby in lead roles .
Mukhamudra is a 1992 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Ali Akbar , starring Thilakan , Siddhique , Sunitha in lead roles .
Tu Hi Re is a 2015 romantic drama Marathi language film directed by Sanjay Jadhav . Tu Hi Re stars Swapnil Joshi , Sai Tamhankar and Tejaswini Pandit in the leading roles .
Kokowääh 2 is a 2013 German film directed by Til Schweiger and is a sequel to the 2011 film Kokowääh .
The Young Philadelphians is a 1959 drama film starring Paul Newman , Barbara Rush and Alexis Smith , and directed by Vincent Sherman .
Kalangarai Vilakkam ( Tamil : கலங்கரை விளக்கம் English : Light House ) is a Tamil language psychological thriller film starring M. G. Ramachandran and B. Saroja Devi in the lead role .
Periyanna is a 1999 Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar featuring Vijaykanth and Suriya in the lead roles .
The Rabanser Case ( German : Der Fall Rabanser ) is a 1950 West German crime film directed by Kurt Hoffmann and starring Hans Söhnker , Richard Haussler and Carola Höhn .
Subhalekha ( English : Wedding Invitation ) is a 1982 Telugu comedy drama film which stars Chiranjeevi in the lead role and was made by K. Viswanath .
Thirumanassu K. R. Vijaya ...
It Happened One Sunday is a 1944 British romantic comedy film directed by Karel Lamac and starring Robert Beatty , Barbara White , Marjorie Rhodes , Kathleen Harrison and Moore Marriott .
Affair with a Stranger is a 1953 American comedy - drama starring Jean Simmons and Victor Mature .
The Black Bird is a 1975 film released December 25 , 1975 starring George Segal and Stéphane Audran .
The Prairie Pirate is a 1925 American Western film featuring Harry Carey .
Kusruthi is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P Anil , Babu Narayanan , starring Jayaram and Kanaka in the lead role .
Sathyavan Savithri ( Kannada : ಸತ್ಯವಾನ್ ಸಾವಿತ್ರಿ ) is a 2007 Kannada comedy film directed by Ramesh Aravind and produced by Ajay Chandani for Ajay Films banner .
Trooper Hook is a 1957 Western film starring Joel McCrea as the title character and Barbara Stanwyck as the woman he frees from the Indians .
Twins of Evil is a 1971 horror film by Hammer Film Productions starring Peter Cushing , with Damien Thomas and the real - life twins and former Playboy Playmates Mary and Madeleine Collinson .
Love ' 47 ( German : Liebe 47 ) is a 1949 German drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Dieter Horn , Hilde Krahl and Sylvia Schwarz .
Stealing Candy is a 2003 thriller film directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Daniel Baldwin .
Lily in Love ( alternative English title : Playing for Keeps , Hungarian title : Játszani kell ) is a 1984 Hungarian - American co - production in English based on a play by Ferenc Molnár , starring Christopher Plummer , Maggie Smith and Elke Sommer .
Double Fattiness ( Chinese : 雙肥臨門 ) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by David Chiang and starring Bill Tung , Lydia Shum , Eric Tsang and Maggie Cheung .
The Feature is a collaboration between filmmakers Michel Auder and Andrew Neel .
Wives of Men is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John M. Stahl and starring Florence Reed .
Smokey and the Bandit is a 1977 American action comedy film starring Burt Reynolds , Sally Field , Jackie Gleason , Jerry Reed , Pat McCormick , Paul Williams and Mike Henry .
Garden of Evil ( 1954 ) is a Western film about three somewhat disreputable 19th - century soldiers of fortune , played by Gary Cooper , Richard Widmark , and Cameron Mitchell , who are hired by a woman , portrayed by Susan Hayward , to rescue her husband .
The Lady and the Hooligan ( original title : Барышня и хулиган ) is a 1918 Russian silent film directed by Vladimir Mayakovsky and Yevgeni Slavinsky .
Ice Kacang Puppy Love ( Chinese : 初恋红豆冰 ) is a Malaysian film directed by and starring Ah Niu .
The Viking Sagas is an American film from 1995 , directed by Michael Chapman , starring Ralf Möller and Sven - Ole Thorsen .
Queen of the Amazons is a 1947 adventure film directed by Edward Finney and featuring Robert Lowery , Patricia Morison and J. Edward Bromberg .
The Desert Scorpion ( originally titled The Last of the Open Range ) is a 1920 western silent film directed by Otis B. Thayer and starring Edmund Cobb and Vida Johnson .
Ilzaam ( English : Accusation ) is a 1986 Bollywood film starring Govinda in his film debut alongside Neelam , Shatrughan Sinha , Shashi Kapoor , Prem Chopra and Anita Raj .
Faith Ford as Maggie Winters Shirley Knight as Estelle Winters Jenny Robertson as Robin Foster Alex Kapp Horner as Lisa Harte Brian Haley as Tom Vanderhulst Clea Lewis as Rachel Tomlinson Robert Romanus as Jeff Foster
A Maori Maid 's Love ( Originally titled The Surveyor 's Daughter ) is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford about an interracial romance between a white man and a Māori girl .
City Rats is a feature film set in London , UK , released on 24 April 2009 and starring Tamer Hassan , Ray Panthaki , Susan Lynch , Kenny Doughty , MyAnna Buring , James Lance and Natasha Williams and Danny Dyer .
Caged In Paradiso ( alternate title Maximum Security ) is a 1990 American action film starring Irene Cara , Peter Kowanko , Paula Bond and directed by Mike Snyder .
Vater sein dagegen sehr is a 1957 West German film directed by Kurt Meisel .
A Friend of Cupid is a 1925 silent - era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod .
Medusa Challenger ( 1977 ) is an award - winning dramatic short film that was Joe Mantegna 's first film .
Make Mine Mink is a 1960 British comedy farce film directed by Robert Asher and featuring Terry - Thomas , Athene Seyler , Hattie Jacques and Billie Whitelaw .
Maharaja Talkies ( Malayalam : മഹാരാജ ടാക്കീസ് ) is 2011 Malayalam film , directed by debutante Devidas Chelanatt , starring Mukesh and Urvashi in the lead roles .
Snowboard Academy is a 1997 independent slapstick comedy film , starring Corey Haim , Jim Varney and Brigitte Nielsen .
Crazy Loka is a 2012 Kannada film starring V. Ravichandran and Daisy Bopanna in the lead roles .
Siddhu + 2 is an Indian Tamil - language romance film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj , starring his son Shanthnoo Bhagyaraj and newcomer Chandini Tamilarasan in lead roles .
I , a Lover ( Swedish : Jag - en älskare , Danish : Jeg - en elsker ) is a 1966 Swedish - Danish comedy film directed by Börje Nyberg and starring Jørgen Ryg .
The BabaKiuerian government 's paternalistic policies are defended by Wagwan , the Minister for White Affairs ( Bob Maza ) who was based on the then Premier of Queensland , Sir Joh Bjelke - Petersen .
Operation Petticoat is a 1959 American color comedy film from Universal - International , produced by Robert Arthur , directed by Blake Edwards , and starring Cary Grant and Tony Curtis .
You 're Never Too Young ( 1955 ) is a comedy film starring the team of Martin and Lewis , released on August 25 , 1955 by Paramount Pictures , and co - starring Diana Lynn , Nina Foch , and Raymond Burr .
Polish Blood ( German : Polenblut ) is a 1934 musical film directed by Carl Lamac and starring Anny Ondra , Hans Moser and Iván Petrovich .
Mancuso , F.B.I. stars Robert Loggia as Nick Mancuso , a hardened veteran of the Bureau now assigned to Washington , D.C. , where he was largely regarded by his superiors and bureaucratic types as a maverick with little regard for agency rules and procedures .
Lindsay Hollister as Blubberella Uwe Boll as Adolf Hitler Michael Paré as Commandart Brendan Fletcher as Nathaniel Gregor Arved Birnbaum as Director Willam Belli as Vadge Clint Howard as Dr. Mangler Steffen Mennekes as Lt . Caspar Jaegar Safiya Kaygin as Slutlana
Blodsbröder is a Swedish crime film directed by Daniel Fridell starring Liam Norberg , Thorsten Flinck , Sofia Helin , Thomas Hedengran and Noomi Rapace .
The Girl from Fano ( German : Das Mädchen von Fanö ) is a 1941 German drama film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Brigitte Horney , Joachim Gottschalk and Gustav Knuth .
Street Girl is a 1929 Pre - Code musical comedy - drama film directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Betty Compson , John Harron and Jack Oakie .
The Crimson Rivers ( French : Les Rivières Pourpres ) is a 2000 French psychological horror film starring Jean Reno and Vincent Cassel .
The Blackbird is a 1926 drama film directed by Tod Browning and starring Lon Chaney .
Sensational Kidnapping ( Spanish : Secuestro sensacional ) is a 1942 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera and starring Luis Sandrini , Elsa O'Connor and Osvaldo Miranda .
The Devil 's Hairpin is a 1957 feature film about car racing , filmed in Technicolor and VistaVision , written and directed by Cornel Wilde , who also stars .
Young and Willing is a 1943 American comedy film produced and directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring William Holden , Eddie Bracken , Robert Benchley , and Susan Hayward .
The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues is a 1955 science fiction film , directed by Dan Milner , produced by Dan and Jack Milner ( two former film editors ) , starring Kent Taylor .
Gun Fury is a 1953 3-D western film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Rock Hudson and Donna Reed , with major supporting roles for Philip Carey and Leo Gordon .
Terror in the Sky starred Doug McClure , Lois Nettleton , Roddy McDowall , Leif Erickson , Kenneth Tobey , and Keenan Wynn .
Messages Deleted is a 2009 Canadian horror thriller film starring Matthew Lillard .
Robinson in Ruins is a 2010 British documentary film by Patrick Keiller and narrated by Vanessa Redgrave .
Mark of the Vampire ( also known as Vampires of Prague ) is a 1935 horror film , starring Lionel Barrymore , Elizabeth Allan , Bela Lugosi , Lionel Atwill , and Jean Hersholt , and directed by Tod Browning .
Diary of a Mad Housewife is a 1970 comedy - drama film about a frustrated wife portrayed by Carrie Snodgress .
The Sword of the Barbarians ( Italian : Sangraal , la spada di fuoco , also known as Barbarian Master ) is a 1983 Italian sword and sorcery film written and directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini and starring Peter McCoy and Sabrina Siani .
True Confession is a 1937 American screwball comedy film starring Carole Lombard , Fred MacMurray , and John Barrymore .
Super Speedway is a 1997 documentary racing film chronicling one man 's quest to get his new Champ Car Lola chassis up to speed , and another 's goal of rebuilding an old 1964 roadster once driven by the legendary Mario Andretti .
Starring Sohrab Modi , Khoon Ka Khoon was also the debut in films of Naseem Banu who played Ophelia .
O Teri is a Hindi comedy film released on 28 March 2014 directed by Umesh Bisht and produced by Atul Agnihotri , featuring Pulkit Samrat , Bilal Amrohi , Sarah - Jane Dias , and Mandira Bedi .
Soldiers and Women is a 1930 Columbia Pictures sound crime , mystery and romance film directed by Edward Sloman and starring Aileen Pringle and Grant Withers .
The Frankenstein Theory is a 2013 American horror film directed by Andrew Weiner and stars Kris Lemche , Joe Egender , Timothy V. Murphy , and Eric Zuckerman .
Sex Positive is a 2008 documentary film directed by Daryl Wein about Richard Berkowitz .
Abosheshey ( At the End of it All ) is a 2011 Indian film in Bengali starring Rupa Ganguly , Raima Sen and Ankur Khanna in lead roles .
Strawberry Roan is a 1945 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring William Hartnell - later to become famous as television 's first Doctor on the British Sci - Fi series Doctor Who - and Carol Raye .
Aag Aur Chingari is 1994 Hindi language Movie directed by Kanti Shah and starring Asrani , Shakti Kapoor , Paresh Rawal , Kiran Kumar , Ravi Kishan and Sripradha .
The Apparition is a 2012 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Todd Lincoln and starring Ashley Greene , Sebastian Stan , Tom Felton , Julianna Guill and Rick Gomez .
Death to Smoochy is a 2002 American black comedy film directed by Danny DeVito , and starring Robin Williams , Edward Norton , Catherine Keener , Jon Stewart and DeVito .
Legend of the Wolf , alternatively known as The New Big Boss in American and British DVD releases , is a 1997 Hong Kong action - martial arts film directed and produced by , and starring Donnie Yen .
Broken Bridges is a 2006 film starring Toby Keith , Lindsey Haun , Burt Reynolds and Kelly Preston .
The Empty Gun is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney
Thakshashila is a 1995 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by K Sreekuttan , starring Suresh Gopi in lead role .
My Bebe Love : # KiligPaMore is a 2015 Filipino film romantic comedy directed by Jose Javier Reyes starring Ai - Ai de las Alas and Vic Sotto with Alden Richards and Maine Mendoza .
George Washington Slept Here is a 1942 comedy film starring Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan .
Thunder Afloat is a 1939 World War I naval film starring Wallace Beery and Chester Morris .
After Boston Public was canceled , Chi McBride reprised the role of Steven Harper on an episode of The Practice spin - off series Boston Legal in the episode `` Let Sales Ring '' ( season 1 , episode 16 ) .
On the Downlow is the 2004 debut film of director Tadeo Garcia , a low - budget film starring Michael Cortez and Tony Sancho .
It was a spin - off from Man About the House and starred Brian Murphy and Yootha Joyce as an ill - matched married couple , George and Mildred Roper .
He & She stars real - life married couple Richard Benjamin and Paula Prentiss as Dick and Paula Hollister , a successful cartoonist and his wife , a social worker .
Half - A - Dollar - Bill is a surviving 1924 silent film drama directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Anna Q. Nilsson .
Dhokha is a Hindi film that stars Muzammil Ibrahim and Tulip Joshi in the lead roles .
Tomb of the Werewolf is the twelfth and last in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky , played by Paul Naschy .
The Boogie Man Will Get You is a 1942 comedy horror film , directed by Lew Landers and starring Boris Karloff and Peter Lorre .
Hell River , also known as Partizani and The Last Guerilla is a 1974 Yugoslavian partisan film starring Rod Taylor as a Yugoslav raised in America who returns home to fight the Germans as a partisan in World War Two .
Anna Karina as Lamiel Michel Bouquet as Le docteur Sansins Denise Gence as La duchesse de Miossens Marc Eyraud as M. Hautemare Denise Péron as Mme .
Unto the Weak is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring Charlotte Burton , William Bertram , Ed Coxen , George Field , and Ida Lewis .
Sila Nerangalil Sila Manithargal ( English : Sometimes some people ... ) is a 1976 Tamil film directed by A. Bhimsingh , based on the same - titled novel by Jayakanthan , starring Lakshmi , Sreekanth and Nagesh .
Some of the songs in the film had been created for the original 1931 Broadway musical by Schwartz and Dietz which was also called The Band Wagon , with a book by George S. Kaufman and starring Fred Astaire and his sister Adele .
Based on the Imperium Comics series of the same name , Trailer Park of Terror follows six troubled high schoolers and their leader , the optimistic youth ministries pastor , Lewis ( Matthew Del Negro ) .
The Fortune Code ( Chinese : 富貴兵團 ) is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Kent Cheng , starring Sammo Hung , Andy Lau , Alan Tam , and Anita Mui .
They Only Kill Their Masters is a 1972 mystery film starring James Garner and Katharine Ross , with a supporting cast featuring Hal Holbrook , June Allyson , Tom Ewell , Peter Lawford , Edmond O'Brien , and Arthur O'Connell .
Women for Golden Hill ( German : Frauen für Golden Hill ) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Erich Waschneck and starring Kirsten Heiberg , Viktor Staal and Elfie Mayerhofer .
Why Would I Lie ? is a 1980 American comedy / drama film about a compulsive liar named Cletus ( Treat Williams ) .
Hollow Triumph ( Reissued as The Scar ) is a 1948 American film noir directed by Steve Sekely and starring Paul Henreid and Joan Bennett .
Killer Force , also known as The Diamond Mercenaries , is a 1976 thriller film directed by Val Guest and starring Telly Savalas , Peter Fonda and Christopher Lee .
East of Sumatra is a 1953 Technicolor Universal - International adventure film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Jeff Chandler and Anthony Quinn .
Say It with Babies is a 1926 American silent comedy film starring Glenn Tryon and featuring Oliver Hardy .
The Amazing Dobermans ( re - release title : Lucky ) is a 1976 American comedy - crime film starring Fred Astaire , James Franciscus and Barbara Eden .
The Imaginatively Titled Punt & Dennis Show , known simply as Punt and Dennis throughout its second series , is a British stand - up and sketch show written by and starring comedians Steve Punt and Hugh Dennis .
The film features Rodrigo Noya as Valentín and Carmen Maura as the grandmother .
Asylum of the Damned , Columbia Tristar ( 2004 ) , also known as Hellborn , CDA Entertainment , is a 2003 horror film written by Matt McCombs , directed by Philip J Jones and starring Matt Stasi and Bruce Payne .
The Private War of Major Benson is 1955 comedy film starring Charlton Heston , Julie Adams , Sal Mineo and Tim Hovey , about a tough - talking U.S. Army Officer who must shape up the JROTC program at Sheridan Academy , a Catholic boys ' military school , or be forced out of the Army .
Cain 's Hundred follows the life of Nicholas Cain ( Peter Mark Richman ) a former lawyer for the mob .
Nakshatratharattu is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by K. Shankar , and starring Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles .
The Passionate Adventure ( 1924 ) is a British silent film drama , directed by Graham Cutts and starring Clive Brook and Alice Joyce .
The Punk Rock Movie was assembled from Super 8 camera footage shot by Don Letts , the disc jockey at The Roxy club during the early days of the UK punk rock movement , principally during the 100 days in 1977 in which punk acts were featured at The Roxy club in London .
White Heat is a 1949 film noir starring James Cagney , Virginia Mayo and Edmond O'Brien and featuring Margaret Wycherly and Steve Cochran .
Wrong Side of Town is a 2010 American action film written , produced and directed by David DeFalco , and scored by Jim Kaufman , and starring Rob Van Dam and David Bautista .
Montana Moon is a 1930 Pre - Code comedy , drama , musical , western film starring Joan Crawford , Johnny Mack Brown , and Ricardo Cortez .
Women in Trouble is a 2009 American comedy film , written and directed by Sebastián Gutiérrez , and starring a cast consisting of Carla Gugino , Adrianne Palicki , Marley Shelton , Connie Britton and Emmanuelle Chriqui .
Her Gallant Knights is a 1913 American silent short romantic comedy film starring William Garwood , Riley Chamberlin , James Cruze , Florence La Badie and Frank Urson .
The Caterpillar Wish ( also known as Caterpillar Wish ) is a 2006 Australian coming - of - age film , directed by Sandra Sciberras and starring and ensemble cast including Victoria Thaine , Susie Porter and Philip Quast .
Tragic Spell ( Italian : Incantessimo Tragico ) is a 1951 Italian historical drama film directed by Mario Sequi and starring María Félix , Rossano Brazzi and Massimo Serato .
The Hate That Hate Produced included interviews between Lomax and Elijah Muhammad , the leader of the Nation of Islam .
Sindooracheppu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Madhu and produced by Yusufali Kecheri .
His Sudden Recovery is a 1914 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
When the Kellys Were Out is an Australian feature - length film directed by Harry Southwell about Ned Kelly .
Murder in Soho is a 1939 British crime film directed by Norman Lee and starring Jack La Rue , Sandra Storme , Googie Withers and Bernard Lee .
She Could n't Take It is a 1935 comedy film made at Columbia Pictures , directed by Tay Garnett , written by C. Graham Baker , Gene Towne and Oliver H.P. Garrett , and starring George Raft and Joan Bennett .
I Love You , Do n't Touch Me ! is a 1997 independent film starring Marla Schaffel and Mitchell Whitfield and written and directed by Julie Davis .
Raja Aur Runk is a 1968 Bollywood film , directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma and starring Sanjeev Kumar and Kumkum .
Frankie and Johnny Are Married is a 2003 comedy film written and directed by Michael Pressman , starring Pressman as well as Lisa Chess and Alan Rosenberg .
Live , Love and Learn is a 1937 romantic comedy film starring Robert Montgomery , Rosalind Russell , and Robert Benchley .
The Midnight Story ( also known as Appointment with a Shadow in the UK and The Eyes of Father Tomasino in Australia ) is a 1957 film noir starring Tony Curtis about a traffic cop who becomes obsessed with finding the murderer of a beloved priest .
Solaikuyil is a 1989 Indian Tamil film , directed by Rajan , starring Karthik , Ragini Karthik and Radha Ravi in lead roles .
The Devil Commands is a 1941 American horror film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring Boris Karloff .
Westward the Women is a 1951 western film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Robert Taylor , Denise Darcel and John McIntire .
Aadamkhor is 1986 Hindi language movie directed by Joginder and starring C S Aasie , Sunil Dhawan , Ranjeet , Pinchoo Kapoor , Shahid Bijnori , Iqbal Durrani , Ved Goswami , Jogdarshan , Jaggu , Uma Khosla , Sadhana Khote , Kundan , Nazneen , Neelam Mehra , Randhawa .
Northern Pursuit is a 1943 World War II film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Errol Flynn as a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who tries to uncover a Nazi plot against the Allied war effort .
King of Beggars is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts comedy film directed by Gordon Chan , starring Stephen Chow , Sharla Cheung , Ng Man - tat and Norman Tsui .
Saviour of the Soul is the first film produced by star Andy Lau 's film company Teamwork Motion Pictures , and was a critical and commercial success , grossing over HK$20 million at the Hong Kong box office .
Taryanche Bait ( Marathi : ताऱ्यांचे बेट , English : Island of Stars ) is a 2011 Marathi film directed by Kiran Yadnyopavit starring Sachin Khedekar , Vinay Apte , Ashwini Giri and Ashmita Joglekar in lead roles .
Uyirodu Uyiraga ( Tamil : உயிரோடு உயிராக ) is a 1998 Tamil film directed by Sushma Ahuja starring Ajith Kumar and Richa Ahuja in the main roles .
Live at the Sugar Club is the name of a DVD and CD set released by singer / songwriter Sinéad O'Connor in 2008 .
Proud and Confident is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by King Lee and starring Andy Lau , Rosamund Kwan and Michael Miu .
Princess Trulala ( German : Prinzessin Trulala ) is a 1926 German silent comedy film directed by Erich Schönfelder and Richard Eichberg and starring Lilian Harvey , Dina Gralla and Harry Halm .
Fires of Innocence is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Joan Morgan , Bobby Andrews and Arthur Lennard .
Youth Runs Wild is a 1944 B movie about unattentive parents and juvenile delinquency , produced by Val Lewton , directed by Mark Robson and starring Bonita Granville , Kent Smith , Jean Brooks , Glen Vernon and Vanessa Brown .
Thank You Mask Man is an animated short film based upon a comedy routine by Lenny Bruce involving The Lone Ranger and Tonto .
Wiseguy featured Ken Wahl as Vinnie Terranova , a deep cover operative for the fictional Organized Crime Task Force division of the FBI .
Soledad 's Shawl ( Spanish : El rebozo de Soledad ) is a 1952 Mexican western film directed by Roberto Gavaldón and starring Arturo de Córdova , Pedro Armendáriz and Estela Inda .
Splinters in the Navy ( 1931 ) is a British comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Sydney Howard , Alf Goddard , and Helena Pickard .
Aparichita ( Kannada : ಅಪರಿಚಿತ ) is a 1978 Kannada , suspense oriented , thriller movie directed by Kashinath , starring Suresh Heblikar , Sobha , M. V. Vasudeva Rao and Mohan .
Truman X ( voiced by Jansen Panettiere ) - The X 's youngest son and technology expert .
Pagan Love Song is a musical romance film released by MGM in 1950 and starring Esther Williams and Howard Keel .
Women Talking Dirty is a 1999 Scottish comedy film starring Helena Bonham Carter and Gina McKee .
Seven Times Seven ( Italian : Sette volte sette ) is a 1968 Italian crime comedy caper directed by Michele Lupo and starring Gastone Moschin .
Calling Dr. Gillespie is a 1942 drama film directed by Harold S. Bucquet , starring Lionel Barrymore , Donna Reed and Philip Dorn .
Man on a Ledge is a 2012 American thriller film directed by Asger Leth , starring Sam Worthington , Elizabeth Banks , Jamie Bell , Edward Burns , Anthony Mackie , Génesis Rodríguez and Ed Harris .
Fool Circle ( French : Tristesse Club ) is a 2014 French comedy - drama film directed by Vincent Mariette and starring Ludivine Sagnier , Laurent Lafitte and Vincent Macaigne .
My Big Father is a Malayalam movie by Mahesh P. Sreenivasan starring Jayaram and Guinness Pakru .
The Adventures of Barry McKenzie is a 1972 Australian film starring Barry Crocker , telling the story of an Australian ' yobbo ' on his travels to the United Kingdom .
Violent Saturday is a 1955 American crime drama directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Victor Mature , Lee Marvin , Richard Egan and Stephen McNally .
Night Key is a science fiction crime film starring Boris Karloff and released by Universal Pictures in 1937 .
Khuda Kay Liye ( Urdu : خُدا کے لیئے‎ , literal translation : For God 's Sake , English title : In The Name Of God ) is a 2007 Pakistani Urdu - language drama film written , directed and produced by Shoaib Mansoor , starring Shaan , Iman Ali , Fawad Afzal Khan and Hameed Sheikh .
We Were Seven Sisters ( Italian : Eravamo sette sorelle ) is a 1939 Italian romance film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Antonio Gandusio .
Picnic at Hanging Rock is a 1975 Australian mystery drama film directed by Peter Weir and starring Anne - Louise Lambert , Helen Morse , Rachel Roberts , Vivean Gray and Dominic Guard .
The series stars character actor Dabney Coleman as Jack `` Madman '' Buckner , an outspoken newspaper columnist who had written a popular column , Madman of the People , in Your Times magazine for 30 years .
Affair in Trinidad is a 1952 film noir produced by Hayworth 's Beckworth Corporation , released by Columbia Pictures , and starring Rita Hayworth and Glenn Ford .
633 Squadron is a 1964 British film , which depicts the exploits of a fictional Second World War British fighter - bomber squadron and stars Cliff Robertson , George Chakiris and Maria Perschy .
Oru Kaidhiyin Diary ( English : A Prisoner 's Diary ) is a 1985 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Bharathiraaja , starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist .
The Thunderstorm is a 1957 Hong Kong drama film directed by Ng Wui and starring Bruce Lee based on the play Thunderstorm by Chinese dramatist Cao Yu .
The Green Glove ( aka The White Road ) is a 1952 French / American international co - production film noir directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Glenn Ford , Geraldine Brooks , Sir Cedric Hardwicke and George Macready .
Nice Bombs is a 2006 documentary film directed by Iraqi - American filmmaker Usama Alshaibi about his return to his home country to visit his family after the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The Doorway to Hell is a 1930 American Pre - Code crime film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Lew Ayres and James Cagney , in his second film role .
The Sleeping Dictionary is a 2003 American romantic drama film written and directed by Guy Jenkin and starring Hugh Dancy , Jessica Alba , Brenda Blethyn , Emily Mortimer , and Bob Hoskins .
The Golden Eye is a 1948 American film directed by William Beaudine and starring Roland Winters in his fourth appearance as Charlie Chan .
The film is directed by Vikram Bhatt and stars Amitabh Bachchan , John Abraham , Bipasha Basu and Supriya Pilgaonkar . Business tycoon Ratan Tata entered Bollywood by producing Aetbaar .
Enter Nowhere ( also known as The Haunting of Black Wood ) is a 2011 psychological thriller film directed by Jack Heller and starring Scott Eastwood , Sara Paxton and Katherine Waterston .
Curse of the Undead is a 1959 American vampire / Western film directed by Edward Dein and starring Eric Fleming , Michael Pate , Kathleen Crowley , John Hoyt , Bruce Gordon , and Jimmy Murphy .
Les Diables ( English : The Devils ) is a 2002 French drama film from director Christophe Ruggia starring Adèle Haenel and Vincent Rottiers .
Little Monsters is a 1989 American fantasy comedy film starring Fred Savage as Brian Stevenson , a sixth - grader who has recently moved to a new town , and Howie Mandel as Maurice , the monster under the bed .
The Master Detective ( German : Der Meisterdetektiv ) is a 1944 German comedy film directed by Hubert Marischka and starring Rudolf Platte who plays a private detective .
Educated Evans is a 1936 British comedy film , directed by William Beaudine and starring Max Miller .
The Naked Edge is a 1961 thriller film starring Gary Cooper and Deborah Kerr .
The Lady Is a Square is a 1959 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and featuring Anna Neagle , Frankie Vaughan and Janette Scott .
Buccaneer 's Girl is a 1950 American romantic adventure film directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Yvonne De Carlo , Philip Friend and Robert Douglas .
Our Willi Is the Best ( German : Unser Willi ist der Beste ) is a 1971 German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Heinz Erhardt , Ruth Stephan and Rudolf Schündler .
A Very Special Favor is a 1965 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Gordon , and starring Rock Hudson and Leslie Caron .
Double Wedding is a 1937 American romantic comedy film starring William Powell and Myrna Loy , and featuring Florence Rice , John Beal , Jessie Ralph and Edgar Kennedy .
You , Me and Dupree is a 2006 American romantic comedy film directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo , written by Mike LeSieur , and produced by Mary Parent , Scott Stuber , and Owen Wilson .
Strait - Jacket marks the first big - screen appearance of Lee Majors in the uncredited role of Crawford 's husband .
Told cinéma vérité - style , Haunted Poland depicts the contents of recorded tape filmed by a couple Ewelyn played by Ewelina Lukaszewska , and Pau played by Pau Masó who visited Poland to meet and visit family .
The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin is a series of novels that developed into a British sitcom starring Leonard Rossiter in the title role .
Chokh ( English : The Eyes ) is a 1982 Indian Bengali film directed by Utpalendu Chakrabarty , with Om Puri , Anil Chatterjee , Shyamanand Jalan and Sreela Majumdar in lead roles .
Three Days Confined to Barracks ( German : Drei Tage Mittelarrest ) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Max Adalbert , Ida Wüst and Gretl Theimer .
Andy Hardy 's Blonde Trouble is a 1944 romantic comedy , the fourteenth starring Mickey Rooney as Andy Hardy .
Candlelight in Algeria is a 1944 British war film directed by George King and starring James Mason , Carla Lehmann and Raymond Lovell .
No . 5 John Street is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Kenelm Foss and starring Zena Dare and Mary Odette and Lionelle Howard .
Charlie on Parole is a short film starring T.J. Miller ( She 's Out of My League , How to Train Your Dragon ) , Joe Wengert ( UCB , Funny or Die ) , Molly Ryman , and Bobby Moynihan ( Saturday Night Live ) .
Blonde Cobra is a 1963 short film directed by experimental filmmaker Ken Jacobs .
Johnny Doughboy is a 1942 film directed by John H. Auer for Republic Pictures and starring Jane Withers , and featuring cameos by numerous former child stars .
Tom Hobbes ( Scott Bairstow ) Lieutenant Thomas F. Hobbes was just days away from being discharged from the Army when he was called upon for one last mission and sent into the virtual reality simulation known as Harsh Realm .
Nata Sarvabhouma ( Kannada : ನಟ ಸಾರ್ವಭೌಮ ) is a 1968 documentary film on Rajkumar directed by Aaruru Pattabhi .
Cenere is a 1916 silent film directed by and starring Febo Mari .
Ciao , ciao bambina ! is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Grieco and starring Elsa Martinelli and Antonio Cifariello .
The Sea Bat is a 1930 American thriller film directed by Lionel Barrymore and Wesley Ruggles , starring Raquel Torres and featuring Boris Karloff .
I Know Who Killed Me is a 2007 American psychological horror thriller directed by Chris Sivertson and starring Lindsay Lohan .
You Ca n't Cheat an Honest Man is a 1939 American comedy film starring W. C. Fields .
Da Thadiya ( Malayalam : ടാ തടിയാ , Hey Fatso ) is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Aashiq Abu , and starring Sekhar Menon , Sreenath Bhasi and Ann Augustine in the lead roles .
Poor Jake 's Demise is a 1913 American silent short slapstick comedy film directed by Allen Curtis and featuring Max Asher and Lon Chaney .
Dil To Pagal Hai was the second of Chopra 's four movies to star Shah Rukh Khan in the lead role .
Sweden Live is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette , released on VHS and Laserdisc on February 17 , 1989 .
Champagne in paradiso ( Italian for ' Champagne in Paradise ' ) is a 1984 Italian musicarello film directed by Aldo Grimaldi and starring Al Bano and Romina Power .
Vestire gli ignudi ( Italian pronunciation : ( veˈstiːre ʎʎ iɲˈɲuːdi ) ) is a 1953 Italian drama film directed by Marcello Pagliero and starring Gabriele Ferzetti .
Lanton Mills is an American comedy short film written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring Malick , Warren Oates , Harry Dean Stanton , and Paula Mandel .
Patham Adhyayam is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by P. K. Radhakrishnan having Bala in the lead role .
Pallavur Devanarayanan is a 1999 Malayalam drama film written by late Gireesh Puthenchery and directed by V. M. Vinu in which Mammootty plays the lead role Pallavur Devanarayanan .
Curse of the Deserted is a 2010 Chinese horror film directed by Law Chi - leung and written by Cheung Chi - Kwong and Cai Jun , and starring Shawn Yue , Zhang Yuqi , Fu Miao , and Yue Xiaojun .
Fresh Fields is a British sitcom starring Julia McKenzie and Anton Rodgers .
You Ca n't Fool Antoinette ( French : On ne roule pas Antoinette ) is a 1936 French comedy film directed by Paul Madeux and starring Armand Bernard , Paul Pauley and Simone Renant .
Magda Expelled ( Hungarian : Magdát kicsapják ) is a 1938 Hungarian comedy film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Ida Turay , Klári Tolnay and Antal Páger .
Silvermannen ( lit . `` The Silver Man '' ) is a 1996 Swedish mini series in 3 episodes directed by Ulf Malmros and starring Kjell Bergqvist .
Magnificent Warriors ( pinyin : Zhong hua zhan shi ) is a 1987 Hong Kong martial arts action adventure film directed by David Chung , and starring Michelle Yeoh , Tung - shing Yee , Richard Ng Yiu - hon and Hwang Jang Lee .
Johnny Eager is a 1941 film noir directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Robert Taylor , Lana Turner and Van Heflin .
Sunshine Daydream is a music documentary film starring the rock band the Grateful Dead .
Preminchi Choodu ( Telugu : ప్రేమించి చూడు ) is a 1965 Telugu comedy film directed and produced by P. Pullaiah starring Akkineni Nageshwara Rao , Kongara Jaggaiah , Relangi Venkataramaiah , Rajasree , Kanchana and others .
Panneer Pushpangal is a love story between Suresh and Shantikrishna supported by their teacher Prathap Pothen .
Tipped Off is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Albert Russell and featuring Hoot Gibson .
Miss Bonaparte ( French : Mam'zelle Bonaparte ) is a 1942 French historical drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Edwige Feuillère , Monique Joyce and Raymond Rouleau .
Build Thy House ( 1920 ) is a British silent film directed by Fred Goodwins and starring Henry Ainley , Ann Trevor , and Reginald Bach .
Secret Moments is a film by Swiss filmmaker Steff Gruber .
Lady in the Iron Mask is a 1952 film directed by Ralph Murphy , produced by Walter Wanger and starring Louis Hayward as D'Artagnan and Patricia Medina in the titular role .
Whistling in Brooklyn ( 1943 ) is the third and last film starring comedian Red Skelton as radio personality and amateur detective Wally `` The Fox '' Benton , following Whistling in the Dark and Whistling in Dixie .
The Beautiful Adventure is a 1917 American silent drama film starring Ann Murdock , a stage star .
Street Kings is a 2008 American action thriller film directed by David Ayer , and starring Keanu Reeves , Forest Whitaker , Hugh Laurie , Chris Evans , Common and The Game .
Dangerous Exile is a 1957 British historical drama film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Louis Jourdan , Belinda Lee , Anne Heywood and Richard O'Sullivan .
No Impact Man is a 2009 American documentary film directed by Laura Gabbert and Justin Schein , based on the book by Colin Beavan .
While the Attorney Is Asleep ( Danish : Mens sagføreren sover ) is a 1945 Danish crime film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Gunnar Lauring .
Get Away , Get Away is a 1992 Australian film which was the directorial debut of actor Murray Fahey .
Carnival Story is a 1954 film directed by Kurt Neumann , produced by Frank King and Maurice King , starring Anne Baxter and Steve Cochran , and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
Er kann 's nicht lassen ( English : He ca n't stop doing it ) is a 1962 German mystery film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Heinz Rühmann , Rudolf Forster and Grit Boettcher .
Christmas Do - Over is a TV movie starring Jay Mohr and Daphne Zuniga .
Play Dirty is a 1969 British war film starring Michael Caine , Nigel Green and Harry Andrews .
Day of the Fight shows Irish - American middleweight boxer Walter Cartier during the height of his career , on the day of a fight with black middleweight Bobby James , which took place on April 17 , 1950 .
Hustling for Health is a 1919 American silent film featuring Stan Laurel .
Nau Do Gyarah ( Hindi : नौ दो ग्यारह ; English : Nine Two Eleven , the Hindi idiom means ' to run away ' ) is a 1957 Hindi film produced by Dev Anand .
Biyer Phool is a 1996 Indian Bengali romantic comedy film , directed by Ram Mukherjee , starring Prosenjit Chatterjee , Rani Mukerji , Indrani Haldar and Sabyasachi Chakraborty in the lead roles .
Port of Seven Seas is a 1938 drama film starring Wallace Beery and featuring Frank Morgan and Maureen O'Sullivan .
The Dirty Outlaws , also known as Big Ripoff , King of the West and The Desperado ( in original Italian , El desperado ) , is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western starring Andrea Giordana .
Night Has a Thousand Eyes is a 1948 film noir , starring Edward G. Robinson and directed by John Farrow .
Somewhere in Georgia is a 1917 silent film , starring baseball great Ty Cobb .
The Girl and the Greaser is a 1913 American silent short film directed by Allan Dwan starring Charlotte Burton , J. Warren Kerrigan , Louise Lester , George Periolat , Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich .
Kay Panabaker as Moondance Alexander Don Johnson as Dante Longpre Lori Loughlin as Gelsey Alexander James Best as Mr . McClancy Sasha Cohen as Fiona Hughes Whitney Sloan as Megan Montgomery Joe Norman Shaw as Ben Wilson Aedan Tomney as Josh Wilson Mimi Gianopulos as Bella Landon Liboiron as Freddie
The Steel Trail is a 1923 American drama film serial directed by and starring William Duncan .
Vienna Tales ( German : Wiener G'schichten ) is a 1940 musical comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Marte Harell , Olly Holzmann and Hans Moser .
Breaking Glass is a 1980 British film starring Hazel O'Connor , Phil Daniels and Jonathan Pryce and co - produced by Dodi Fayed and written and directed by Brian Gibson .
Bears and Bad Men is a 1918 American silent comedy film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Stan Laurel .
Like Sunday , Like Rain is a 2014 American drama independent film written and directed by Frank Whaley , and starring Leighton Meester , Debra Messing , Billie Joe Armstrong , and Julian Shatkin .
La Choca ( `` The Bump '' ) is a 1974 Mexican drama film directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Pilar Pellicer .
Yathumaagi is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language romance film written and directed by S. Balakumar that stars newcomer Sachin and Sunaina in lead roles .
Life and Lyrics is a 2006 British film directed by Richard Laxton and starring Ashley Walters , a former member of the garage band So Solid Crew .
The Burning Question ( Danish : Det brændende spørgsmål ) is a 1943 Danish drama films directed by Alice O'Fredericks and starring Poul Reumert and Grethe Holmer .
When Willie Comes Marching Home is a 1950 World War II comedy film directed by John Ford and starring Dan Dailey and Corinne Calvet .
Nazareno Cruz and the Wolf ( Spanish : Nazareno Cruz y el lobo ) is a 1975 Argentine fantasy film directed by Leonardo Favio and starring Juan José Camero and Alfredo Alcón .
Champions Juniors , is a French comedy film from 1951 , directed by Pierre Blondy , written by Roger Cauvin , starring Louis de Funès .
Sympathy for the Lobster ( Italian : Le ragioni dell'aragosta ) is a 2007 Italian mockumentary film written , directed and starred by Sabina Guzzanti .
Mirattal ( English : Threatening ) is a 2012 action comedy film directed by R. Madhesh starring Vinay Rai , Sharmila Mandre and Prabhu in the lead roles with Rishi in a cameo .
Raghupati Naidu selected his fourth son Ezhumalai(Arjun Sarja ) as his family 's contribution towards the security of the village .
Black Octopus ( Spanish : El pulpo negro ) is a 1985 Argentine TV mini - series ( 624 min ) directed by Marta Reguera and written by Luis Murillo with Narciso Ibáñez Menta in the main role .
Not Like Everyone Else is a 2006 TV movie that aired on Lifetime Television and starred Alia Shawkat , Illeana Douglas and Eric Schweig .
Exterminator 2 is a 1984 action film written and directed by Mark Buntzman , starring Robert Ginty and Mario Van Peebles , with cameos by Arye Gross in his debut role , and John Turturro in his second role .
Thazhvaram ( English : The Valley ) is a 1990 Indian Malayalam revenge - thriller film directed by Bharathan and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair , starring Mohanlal , Salim Ghouse , Anju , Sumalatha , and Sankaradi in the lead roles .
In the Dough is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and featuring Shemp Howard of the Three Stooges .
Assignment to Kill is a 1968 American drama film directed by Sheldon Reynolds and starring Patrick O'Neal , Joan Hackett , John Gielgud , Herbert Lom and Oskar Homolka .
`` The Perfect Kiss '' is a song by the English rock band New Order .
Bedtime with Rosie is a 1975 British comedy - drama film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Una Stubbs , Ivor Burgoyne and Diana Dors .
The Hucksters is a 1947 MGM film directed by Jack Conway and starring Clark Gable that marked the debut of Deborah Kerr in an American film .
The Outlaw is a 1943 American Western film , directed by Howard Hughes and starring Jane Russell .
Blood Red is a 1989 American - British Western drama film directed by Peter Masterson and starring Eric Roberts , Giancarlo Giannini , Burt Young , Lara Harris and Dennis Hopper .
Panam Padaithavan ( Tamil : பணம் படைத்தவன்)is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role .
Hundra is a 1983 Italian - Spanish fantasy film directed by Matt Cimber and starring Laurene Landon .
Ammanilavu is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by M. D. Rajendran starring Sasi Ayyanchira , Aparna , and Mallika .
Un grand cri d'amour ( A great cry of love ) is a 1998 French comedy film directed by Josiane Balasko .
The Desert Outlaw is a 1924 American silent Western film directed by Edmund Mortimer and starring Evelyn Brent .
The Halfway House is a 1944 British drama film directed by Basil Dearden and starring Tom Walls , Françoise Rosay and Mervyn Johns ( who appears with his own daughter , actress Glynis Johns ) .
Godhi Banna Sadharana Mykattu ( Kannada : ಗೋಧಿ ಬಣ್ಣ ಸಾಧಾರಣ ಮೈಕಟ್ಟು ) is an upcoming Indian Kannada drama film written and directed by Hemanth Rao making his debut , and stars Anant Nag and Rakshit Shetty in the lead roles .
The Resolve is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Henry Otto starring Ed Coxen , Lizette Thorne , and Winifred Greenwood .
Karunamayudu ( Telugu : కరుణామయుడు ; Hindi : Daya Sagar ; Tamil : Karunamoorthy ; English : Ocean of Mercy ) is a 1978 Telugu film directed by A. Bhimsingh and starred Vijayachander as Jesus Christ .
Al - Yateematain ( Arabic : اليتيمتين‎ , The Two Orphans ) is a 1949 Egyptian drama film written by Abo El Seoud El Ebiary directed by Hassan Al Imam starring Egyptian actress Faten Hamama .
A Gentleman of France is a 1921 British silent adventure film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Eille Norwood , Madge Stuart and Hugh Buckler .
Une nuit agitée ( aka : An Agitated Night)is a 1912 short film directed by and starring Max Linder .
Amman Kovil Kizhakale ( Tamil : அம்மன் கோயில் கிழக்காலே ; English : East side of Goddess temple ) is a 1986 Indian Tamil language film starring Vijayakanth , Radha
Hardi Pardaillan ! is a 1964 French - Italian adventure film directed by Bernard Borderie and starring Gérard Barray , Valérie Lagrange , Philippe Lemaire , Sophie Hardy , and Guy Delorme .
Miss March is a 2009 comedy film directed by and starring Trevor Moore and Zach Cregger , stars of the IFC show The Whitest Kids U ' Know .
A Dangerous Summer is a 1982 Australian crime film drama film directed by Quentin Masters and starring Tom Skerritt , Ian Gilmour , Guy Doleman and James Mason .
Eye of the Devil is a 1966 British crime / horror film with occult and supernatural themes directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Deborah Kerr and David Niven .
How to Beat the High Cost of Living is a 1980 comedy film , starring Jane Curtin , Susan Saint James and Jessica Lange .
Let 's Make Music is a 1941 musical starring Bob Crosby and written by Nathanael West .
Hearts Up is a 1921 American Western film starring Harry Carey .
The Thundering Mantis ( Chinese : 癲螳螂 ) ( Also known as Mantis Fist Fighter in USA ) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Teddy Yip , starring Bryan Leung , Cheng Feng and Eddy Ko Hung .
Who Wants to Sleep ? ( German : Das Liebeskarussell ) is a 1965 German comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele , Axel von Ambesser and Alfred Weidenmann and starring Curd Jürgens , Gert Fröbe and Catherine Deneuve .
The Amazing Mrs. Holliday is a 1943 American comedy drama film produced and directed by Bruce Manning and starring Deanna Durbin , Edmond O'Brien , and Barry Fitzgerald .
Charlie Chan at the Circus is the 11th film produced by Fox starring Warner Oland as Charlie Chan .
It Came from Beneath the Sea is a 1955 American black - and - white science fiction giant monster film from Columbia Pictures , produced by Sam Katzman and Charles Schneer , directed by Robert Gordon , and starring Kenneth Tobey , Faith Domergue , and Donald Curtis .
God Is Great and I 'm Not ( French : Dieu est grand , je suis toute petite ) is a light romantic comedy directed by Pascale Bailly starring Audrey Tautou and Edouard Baer .
Hooray for the Blue Hussars ( Danish : Hurra for de blå husarer ) is a 1970 Danish comedy film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Emil Hass Christensen .
' Renovation Nation ' was a green home building show starring Steve Thomas , formerly airing on the now - defunct Planet Green channel in the US .
Fantasy Romance is a 1991 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Joey Wong , Tony Leung and Deanie Ip .
Going Berserk is a 1983 comedy film starring John Candy , Joe Flaherty , and Eugene Levy and directed by David Steinberg .
2by4 or 2 x 4 ( Two by Four ) is a 1998 American drama film directed by and starring Jimmy Smallhorne .
The Glimmer Man is a 1996 American action film directed by John Gray , and produced by Steven Seagal , who also starred in the film .
The Relative of His Excellency ( Hungarian : A kegyelmes úr rokona ) is a 1941 Hungarian comedy film directed by Félix Podmaniczky and starring László Szilassy , Erzsi Simor and Artúr Somlay .
The Nine Ages of Nakedness is a 1969 British sex film , directed by Harrison Marks , and also starring Marks as himself and several of his ( fictional ) ancestors .
The Twonky is an independently made 1953 American black - and - white science fiction film comedy , produced by A.D. Nast , Jr. , Arch Oboler , and Sidney Pink , written and directed by Arch Oboler , and starring Hans Conried , Gloria Blondell , Billy Lynn , and Edwin Max .
5 marines per 100 ragazze is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Virna Lisi .
Vileness Fats is an unfinished film project of avant - garde band The Residents , filmed primarily from 1972 to 1976 .
Mickey One is a 1965 surrealistic dramatic film starring Warren Beatty and directed by Arthur Penn from a script by Alan Surgal .
Girl on the Bridge ( French : La fille sur le pont ) is a 1999 French film shot in black and white and directed by Patrice Leconte , starring Daniel Auteuil and Vanessa Paradis .
Tumbokis a 2011 Filipino Horror Film starring Cristine Reyes and Carlo Aquino produced by Viva Films .
The River King is a 2005 film starring Edward Burns , Rachelle Lefèvre and Jennifer Ehle as a policeman , student and teacher all searching for the truth behind the apparent suicide of a young man at a small private school .
Madanolsavam is a Malayalam film written and directed by N. Shankaran Nair starring Kamal Haasan and Zarina Wahab in lead roles .
Wolves of the Rail is a 1918 American silent western film produced , directed by , and starring William S. Hart .
Return of the Lucky Stars ( Alternative : `` Lucky Stars Triad Society '' ) is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Stanley Fung .
Ved kongelunden ... is a 1953 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer .
Last Passenger is a 2013 British suspense thriller film directed by Omid Nooshin and starring Dougray Scott , Kara Tointon and Iddo Goldberg .
The Scourge of the Desert ( also known as Reformed Outlaw ) is a 1915 American silent short Western starring William S. Hart and Rhea Mitchell .
Old Enough to Be Her Grandpa is a 1914 American silent short comedy film directed by Tom Ricketts starring Charlotte Burton and William Garwood .
The Shadow of the Eagle is a 1932 American Pre - Code Mascot film serial , starring John Wayne in his first serial role .
Chased by the Devil ( German : Vom Teufel gejagt ) is a 1950 West German crime film directed by Viktor Tourjansky and starring Hans Albers , Willy Birgel and Lil Dagover .
Half Shot Shooters marked the inaugural appearance of Vernon Dent , who appeared in more Stooge shorts than any other supporting actor .
The Final Season is a 2007 baseball film starring Sean Astin , Rachael Leigh Cook , Tom Arnold , Powers Boothe , Brett Claywell , Michael Angarano , and Marshall Bell and directed by David Mickey Evans .
A Hoosier Romance is an 1918 Selig Polyscope film , featuring silent film actress Colleen Moore .
Old Clothes is a 1925 American silent drama film , starring Jackie Coogan and Joan Crawford .
Walls of Glass , also known as Flanagan is a 1985 comedy - romance film directed by Scott D. Goldstein , and starring Philip Bosco as the protagonist James Flanagan .
Makkal Mahatmyam is a 1992 Malayalam comedy film directed by Paulson , written by Siddique - Lal , and starring Mukesh , Saikumar , Innocent , Jagadish , Vaishnavi , K. P. A. C. Lalitha , Zeenath , Sukumari and Suchitra .
The Broken Pledge is a 1915 American silent comedy film starring Wallace Beery and Gloria Swanson .
The Day Mars Invaded Earth ( aka Spaceraid 63 ) is an independently made 1963 black - and - white CinemaScope science fiction film produced and directed by Maury Dexter and starring Kent Taylor , Marie Windsor , and William Mims .
Unbowed ( Hangul : 부러진 화살 ; RR : Bureojin Hwasal ; lit . `` Broken Arrow '' ) is a 2011 South Korean courtroom drama film starring Ahn Sung - ki and Park Won - sang .
The Adventures of Martin Eden is a 1942 black - and - white Adventure film based on Jack London 's novel Martin Eden , starring Glenn Ford and Claire Trevor and directed by Sidney Salkow .
The Bandit of Tropico is a 1912 American silent short adventure film starring Harry von Meter as `` The Bandit '' and Vivian Rich his daughter .
Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring James Stewart and Maureen O'Hara .
Love That Boy is a 2003 Canadian film and romantic comedy directed by Andrea Dorfman and starring Nadia Litz and Adrien Dixon .
Tango with Me is a Nigerian romantic drama film written by Femi Kayode , produced and directed by Mahmood Ali - Balogun and starring Genevieve Nnaji , Joseph Benjamin and Joke Silva .
Hell 's House is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film starring Junior Durkin , featuring Bette Davis and directed by Howard Higgin .
Manal Naharam is a 2015 Tamil language Indian feature film written and produced by M.I.Vasanthkumar and directed by Oru Thalai Ragam Shankar starring Prajin Padmanabhan , Gautham Krishna , Thanishka , Varuna Shetty , Vinod Kumar ( VK ) , Jaise Jose , Jijesh Menon and Shankar himself .
A Great New Star is a 1952 musical sponsored film starring Dinah Shore , with her singing `` See the U.S.A. in Your Chevrolet '' ( at the time , she starred in a twice - weekly 15-minute musical interlude for Chevrolet on NBC - TV ) .
Through the Dark is a 1924 American silent mystery / crime drama film directed by George W. Hill , and starring Colleen Moore and Forrest Stanley as the popular detective character Boston Blackie .
Calais - Dover ( French : Calais - Douvres ) is a 1931 French - German comedy film directed by Jean Boyer and Anatole Litvak and starring Lilian Harvey , André Roanne and Armand Bernard .
The Interview is a 2014 American political satire comedy film directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg .
The Adventures of Mark Twain is a 1944 American biographical film starring Fredric March as Samuel Clemens ( Mark Twain ) and Alexis Smith as his wife , Olivia .
At Gunpoint is an American 1955 Western film directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Fred MacMurray , Dorothy Malone and Walter Brennan .
Newsfront is a 1978 Australian drama film starring Bill Hunter , Wendy Hughes , Chris Haywood and Bryan Brown , directed by Phillip Noyce .
How to Get Ahead in Advertising is a 1989 British film written and directed by Bruce Robinson and starring Richard E. Grant and Rachel Ward .
Lee Rock ( Chinese : 五億探長雷洛傳 : 雷老虎 ) is a 1991 Hong Kong crime film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon , and starring Andy Lau as the title character .
Maisie Goes to Reno is the eighth film starring Ann Sothern as Maisie Ravier , preceded by Swing Shift Maisie and followed by Up Goes Maisie .
Alarm in Peking is a 1937 German adventure film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Gustav Fröhlich , Leny Marenbach and Peter Voß .
The first three seasons of Charmed focus on the three Halliwell sisters , Prue ( Shannen Doherty ) , Piper ( Holly Marie Combs ) and Phoebe ( Alyssa Milano ) .
Behrouz Vossoughi as Dash Akol Mary Apick as Marjan Bahman Mofid as Kaka Rostam Jahangir Forouhar as Dash Akol 's friend Manuchehr Ahmadi as Chelingar Mansoor Matin as Haj Samad Ebrahim Naderi as Kaka Rostam 's friend Jalal Pishvaian as Kaka Rostam 's friend Shahrzad Zhaleh Olov Kan'an Kiani
The Traveling Executioner is a 1970 American film starring Stacy Keach , Bud Cort , Stefan Gierasch and Marianna Hill and directed by Jack Smight .
J.B. Warner - Tex Gardy Marin Sais - The Hellion Aline Goodwin - The Daughter Boris Karloff - The Outlaw William A. Berke - The Father ( as William Lester )
' If Only ' Jim is a 1920 western silent film starring Harry Carey .
Seven Were Saved is a 1947 American film directed by William H. Pine and starring Richard Denning , Catherine Craig and Russell Hayden .
A Haunting in Salem is a 2011 3D horror film directed by Shane Van Dyke and starring Bill Oberst Jr. , Courtney Abbiati , Jenna Stone and Nicholas Harsin .
The Tied Up Balloon ( Bulgarian : Привързаният балон / Privarzaniyat balon ) is a Bulgarian satirical comedy - drama film released in 1967 , directed by Binka Zhelyazkova , starring Georgi Partsalev , Grigor Vachkov , Georgi Kaloyanchev , Konstantin Kotsev and Georgi Georgiev - Getz .
Dr. Kildare 's Wedding Day is a 1941 American drama film directed by Harold S. Bucquet , starring Lew Ayres , Lionel Barrymore and Laraine Day .
Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai is a 2005 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Anup Sengupta , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Chiranjit , Jisshu Sengupta , Koel Mallick and Dipankar Dey in the main roles .
Fort Dobbs is a 1958 western , the first of three directed by Gordon Douglas to star Clint Walker .
Chef ! is a British situation comedy starring Lenny Henry that aired as twenty episodes over three series from 1993 to 1996 on the BBC .
Penthouse North ( also known as Atrapada en la oscuridad and Blindsided ) is a 2014 thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Michael Keaton and Michelle Monaghan .
The Rare Breed is a 1966 American western film starring James Stewart , Maureen O'Hara , Brian Keith , Juliet Mills and Ben Johnson and directed by Andrew V. McLaglen .
One Tough Bastard , also known as One Man 's Justice , is a 1995 film written by Steven Selling , directed by Kurt Wimmer and starring Brian Bosworth and Bruce Payne .
The King of the Kitchen is a 1918 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Tropical Nights ( German : Tropennächte ) is a 1931 American German language drama film directed by Leo Mittler and starring Dita Parlo , Robert Thoeren and Fritz Greiner .
Walter Schimana ( 12 March 1898 , Troppau - 12 September 1948 , Salzburg ) was an Austrian Nazi Party and SS member , who rose to General rank ( SS - Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Waffen - SS und Polizei ) during World War II , and was HSSPF in occupied Greece from October 1943 .
At the outbreak of World War I Walerian Czuma joined the Piłsudski 's Polish Legions .
Joseph Lonsway ( March 17 , 1844 -- January 22 , 1925 ) was a Private in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
Upton Hays , sometimes spelled Hayes , ( March 29 , 1832 -- September 15 , 1862 ) was a colonel of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Eugène - Casimir Villatte , Comte d'Oultremont ( 14 April 1770 - 14 May 1834 ) fought in the French army during the Wars of the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars .
Raymond Abescat ( September 10 , 1891 in Paris -- August 15 , 2001 in Rueil - Malmaison ) was one of the last surviving veterans of World War I in France , its oldest man and the oldest veteran in France at the time of his death .
Peter Kappesser was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Civil War .
In part because of aid from leaders such as Awashonks , the English defeated Metacomet in King Philip 's War .
Charles W. Ray ( August 6 , 1872 - March 23 , 1959 ) was an sergeant in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the Philippine - American War .
Brian Shul ( born 1948 ) , is a Vietnam War - era attack pilot and a retired major in the United States Air Force ( USAF ) .
Edwin Vose Sumner , Jr. ( August 16 , 1835 -- August 23 , 1912 ) was an American Union brevet brigadier general during the period of the American Civil War .
Lieutenant - Colonel Severus William Lynam Stretton ( 7 November 1783 -- 22 November 1884 ) was a British Army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars .
Jane Whorwood , née Ryder ( 1612 -- September 1684 ) was a Royalist agent during the English Civil War .
William Henry Harman ( February 17 , 1828 -- March 2 , 1865 ) was a brigadier general in the Virginia militia and colonel in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
Günther Schemmel ( 22 December 1904 -- 18 November 1990 ) was Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Hermann Graf ( 24 October 1912 -- 4 November 1988 ) was a German Luftwaffe World War II fighter ace .
James Allen Taylor ( born December 31 , 1937 ) is a retired United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Achim Wunderlich ( 17 July 1912 -- 25 March 2012 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
When World War I began , Emile John Lussier claimed Medicine Hat as his home .
Henry J. Stainrook , occasionally spelled Steinrock , led a regiment of the Army of Virginia and the Army of the Potomac in the American Civil War .
William Lechmere ( 1752 -- 12 December 1815 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Hasan Tahsin Pasha ( 1845 - -1918 ) was a senior Ottoman military officer , who served in Yemen and in the First Balkan War .
Jonathan Eddy ( c. 1726 - -1804 ) served for the British in the French and Indian War and for the American Patriots in the American Revolution .
Israel Putnam ( January 7 , 1718 -- May 29 , 1790 ) was an American army general officer and Freemason , popularly known as `` Old Put '' , who fought with distinction at the Battle of Bunker Hill ( 1775 ) during the American Revolutionary War ( 1775 - -1783 ) .
Willy Bachor ( 4 May 1921 -- 20 March 2008 ) was a highly decorated Oberwachtmeister in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Ernst Voß ( 3 November 1899 -- 11 October 1943 ) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II . Between World War I and World War II he was a Police Officer .
Captain Hilliard Brooke Bell ( 9 March 1897 -- 16 September 1960 ) was a Canadian - born World War I flying ace credited with 10 aerial victories .
Lieutenant Norman Roberts ( 1896 - -1980 ) was a British World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories .
Arnold Meri ( 1 July 1919 -- 27 March 2009 ) was a Soviet Red Army veteran of World War II and Hero of the Soviet Union who was charged with genocide for his role in the deportation of Estonians to the inhospitable regions of the USSR .
José Santiago Albarracín 1 ( 23 July 1800 - 20 April 1869 ) was an Argentine soldier who fought on the Unitarian side in many engagements in the Argentine Civil Wars , especially in the struggles against Chacho Peñaloza .
Morgan Lewis Smith ( March 8 , 1822 -- December 29 , 1874 ) was a Union general in the American Civil War
John E. Wilkes ( May 26 , 1895 -- July 20 , 1957 ) was a vice admiral in the United States Navy , who served in World War I and World War II . In December 1941 he was appointed Commander of Submarines , Asiatic Fleet .
Charles Marquette ( 1845 - -1907 ) was a Sergeant in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the American Civil War .
Lieutenant Evander Shapard was a World War I flying ace from the United States serving in the Royal Air Force and credited with six aerial victories .
The Stevens Model 77E was the most widely used shotgun of the Vietnam War .
William Stacy ( February 15 , 1734 -- August 1802 ) was an officer of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and a pioneer to the Ohio Country .
Jean - André Valletaux ( born 23 November 1773 in Hiersac ; † 23 June 1811 Cogorderos ) was a French military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars , Brig - General in the Peninsular War , and Commander of the Legion of Honour .
Gerhard Fieseler ( April 15 , 1896 -- September 1 , 1987 ) was a German World War I flying ace , aerobatics champion , and aircraft designer and manufacturer .
Daniel Weisiger Adams ( May 1 , 1821 -- June 13 , 1872 ) was a lawyer and a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
Major James Armand Meissner ( 1896 - -1936 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories and awarded two Distinguished Service Crosses .
Antoine Morlot ( 5 May 1766 - 23 March 1809 ) was a French division commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars .
The Flammenwerfer 35 , or FmW 35 ( flame thrower ) was a one - man German flamethrower used during World War II to clear out trenches and buildings .
William de la Pole , 1st Duke of Suffolk , KG ( 16 October 1396 -- 2 May 1450 ) , was an English commander in the Hundred Years ' War and Lord High Admiral of England from 1447 until 1450 .
Karl - Ernst Schroeter ( 3 December 1912 -- 23 May 1943 ) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of U-121 and U-752 .
Captain Eric Douglas Cummings ( 13 April 1896 -- 27 October 1979 ) was an Australian World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories while flying for the Australian Flying Corps .
Augustus Louis Chetlain ( December 26 , 1824 -- March 15 , 1914 ) was an United States Army soldier -- the first man in Illinois to volunteer at the outbreak of the American Civil War .
Eberhard Wolfram ( 24 July 1882 -- 6 January 1947 ) was a Vizeadmiral with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
USS Clover ( 1863 ) was a steam operated gunboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Gottfried Heinrich Graf zu Pappenheim ( 29 May 1594 -- 7 November 1632 ) was a field marshal of the Holy Roman Empire in the Thirty Years ' War .
Giorgio Basta , Count of Huszt ( 1544 - -1607 ) was an Arbëreshë general employed by the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II to command Habsburg forces in the Long War of 1591 - -1606 .
Maurice Graham English was a World War I Irish aviator who was shot down by German flying ace Hans Goerth .
Lieutenant General Alan Shapley ( February 9 , 1903 - May 13 , 1973 ) was a United States Marine Corps officer who survived the sinking of the USS Arizona during the World War II Attack on Pearl Harbor , and went on to serve with distinction in the Pacific Theater and later in the Korean War .
Luis González de Ubieta y González del Campillo ( 1899 -- 1950 ) was an admiral of the Spanish Republican Navy during the Spanish Civil War .
Fred Godfrey ( 17 September 1880 -- 22 February 1953 ) was the pen name of Llewellyn Williams , a World War I songwriter .
Colonel Sir William Howe De Lancey KCB ( 1778 -- 26 June 1815 ) was an officer in the British Army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Lloyd Tilghman ( January 26 , 1816 -- May 16 , 1863 ) was a Confederate general in the American Civil War .
Anastasios Karatasos ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Καρατάσος ; 1764 -- 21 January 1830 ) was a Greek military commander during the Greek War of Independence was born in the village of Dovras ( Δοβράς or Δορβρά ) , Imathia and is considered to be the most important revolutionary from Macedonia .
Major - General Daniel Hoghton ( 27 August 1770 -- 16 May 1811 ) was a talented and experienced British Army officer who served during the Napoleonic Wars with distinction until his death during combat with the French at the Battle of Albuera in the Peninsula War .
Edward R. Hanford ( 1845 - -1890 ) was a private in the 2nd U.S. Cavalry , Company H , during the American Civil War .
85 Ceti is an older Flamsteed designation for a star that is now within the borders of the northern constellation of Aries , the ram .
HD 220035 is variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
HD 126128/9 is a triple star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
42 Cancri ( 42 Cnc or HD 73785 ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
EQ Virginis is a flare star in the constellation of Virgo .
HD 143361 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 194 light - years away in the constellation of Norma , orbiting the 9th magnitude G - type main sequence star HD 143361 .
11 Comae Berenices b , ( 11 Com b ) is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star 11 Comae Berenices , approximately 360.79lys away in the constellation of Coma Berenices .
11 Ursae Minoris b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type giant star 11 Ursae Minoris , located approximately 390 light years away in the constellation Ursa Minor .
V838 Monocerotis ( V838 Mon ) is a red variable star in the constellation Monoceros about 20,000 light years ( 6 kpc ) from the Sun . The previously unknown star was observed in early 2002 experiencing a major outburst , and was possibly one of the largest known stars for a short period following the outburst .
Eta Capricorni ( η Cap , η Capricorni ) is a binary star in the constellation Capricornus .
NGC 55 is a Magellanic type barred spiral galaxy located about 7 million light - years away in the constellation Sculptor .
HD 164712 is a giant star in the southern constellation of Apus .
NGC 6818 ( also known as Little Gem Nebula ) is a planetary nebula located in the constellation of Sagittarius .
LHS 292 is a red dwarf in the constellation Sextans .
78 Pegasi ( 78 Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
19 Monocerotis ( 19 Mon ) is a star in the constellation Monoceros .
NGC 3621 is a field spiral galaxy about 22 Mly ( 6.7 Mpc ) away in the constellation of Hydra ( The Sea Snake ) .
NGC 2915 is a blue dwarf galaxy located 12 million light - years away in the southern constellation Chamaeleon , right on the edge of the Local Group .
Kappa Scorpii ( κ Sco , κ Scorpii ) is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Scorpius .
Chi Virginis b ( also known as HD 110014 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type giant star Chi Virginis , located approximately 294 light years away in the constellation Virgo .
NGC 4700 is a spiral galaxy located 50 million light years away in the constellation of Virgo .
36 Aquarii ( abbreviated 36 Aqr ) is a yellow main sequence star in the constellation of Aquarius .
Epsilon Delphini ( ε Del , ε Delphini ) is a blue - white giant star approximately 358 light - years away in the constellation Delphinus .
NGC 6871 is a small , young open cluster in the constellation of Cygnus .
WASP-4 is a G - type main sequence star approximately 1,000 light - years away in the constellation of Phoenix .
104 Aquarii ( abbreviated 104 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
NGC 5477 is a dwarf galaxy located in the constellation of Ursa Major , 20 million light years away from Earth .
SN 2006X was a Type Ia supernova about 65 million light - years away in Messier 100 , a spiral galaxy in the constellation Coma Berenices .
NML Cygni is a part of the Cygnus OB2 association , one of the closest massive associations to the Sun , spanning nearly 2 ° on the sky or ∼30 pc in radius at the distance of 1.74 ± 0.2 kpc .
PSR J0855 - 4644 is a pulsar in the constellation Vela , and could be associated with supernova remnant RX J0852.0 - 4622 which may have exploded about 1200 years ago .
134 Tauri ( 134 Tau ) is a blue subgiant star in the constellation Taurus .
The Flame Nebula , designated as NGC 2024 and Sh2 - 277 , is an emission nebula in the constellation Orion .
Phi Centauri ( φ Cen , φ Centauri ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
Delta Cephei ( δ Cep , δ Cephei ) is the Bayer designation for a quadruple star system located approximately 887 light - years away in the northern circumpolar constellation of Cepheus , the King .
HD 37124 c is an extrasolar planet approximately 108 light - years away in the constellation of Taurus .
2M1207b is a planetary - mass object orbiting the brown dwarf 2M1207 , in the constellation Centaurus , approximately 170 light - years from Earth .
Lambda Caeli , ( λ Cae , λ Caeli ) , also known as HD 1989 is an optical double star in the constellation Caelum .
HD 15920 is a 5th magnitude star in the constellation Cassiopeia , approximately 260 light years away from Earth .
Iota Serpentis ( ι Ser , ι Serpentis ) is a star system in the constellation Serpens , in its head ( Serpens Caput ) .
HD 188385 is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila .
HD 86264 is a 7th magnitude F - type main sequence star located approximately 224 light years away in the constellation Hydra .
Chi Tauri ( χ Tau , χ Tauri ) is a binary star in the constellation Taurus .
NGC 4323 is a galaxy about 52.5 million light - years away in the constellation Coma Berenices .
HD 108541 , is a star located in the constellation Centaurus .
39 Aquarii ( abbreviated 39 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
HD 49674 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 134 light - years away in the constellation of Auriga , orbiting the star HD 49674 .
COROT-6 is a magnitude 13.9 star located in the Ophiuchus constellation .
NGC 7635 , also called the Bubble Nebula , Sharpless 162 , or Caldwell 11 , is a H II region emission nebula in the constellation Cassiopeia .
HD 148156 b ( also known as HIP 80680 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type main sequence star HD 148156 , located approximately 168 light years away in the constellation Norma .
HD 111968 , also known by the Bayer designation n Centauri ( n Cen ) , is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
V831 Centauri ( V831 Cen ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
RR Ursae Minoris ( RR UMi , also this is , probably , Tau Ursae Minoris ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Minor .
47 Tauri ( 47 Tau ) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Taurus .
55 Ursae Majoris ( 55 UMa ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major .
HD 70573 b is a superjovian planet orbiting the youngest RV host star HD 70573 approximately 149 light - years away in the constellation of Hydra .
AM Canum Venaticorum is a cataclysmic variable binary star in the constellation of Canes Venatici .
NGC 19 is a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation .
18 Monocerotis ( 18 Mon ) is a star in the constellation Monoceros .
NGC 2158 is an open cluster in the constellation of Gemini .
HD 145377 is a G type star that is a little hotter and a little larger than the Sun . It is located in the southern constellation Scorpius .
NGC 1187 is a spiral galaxy located about 60 million light - years away in the constellation of Eridanus .
The M74 Group ( also known as the NGC 628 Group ) is a small group of galaxies in the constellation Pisces .
WASP-16 is a magnitude 11 yellow dwarf main sequence star , with characteristics similar to our Sun , located in the Virgo constellation .
NGC 518 is a spiral galaxy located in the Pisces constellation .
HR 3833 is an orange , type K1III , giant star in the constellation of Antlia that shines with a vis mag of 5.62 from a distance of 279 ly at RA 9h 37 m 9.9s , Dec -32 ° 10 ' 43 `` .
35 Comae Berenices ( 35 Com ) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices .
NGC 6200 is an open cluster in the constellation Ara , lying close to the galactic equator .
HR 6806 is a solitary , orange , main sequence ( K2 V ) star located thirty - six light - years away , in the constellation Hercules .
52 Arietis ( abbreviated 52 Ari ) is a triple star system in the northern constellation of Aries .
NGC 6087 is an open cluster of 40 or more stars centered on the Cepheid variable S Normae in the constellation Norma .
Supernova 1604 , also known as Kepler 's Supernova , Kepler 's Nova or Kepler 's Star , was a supernova of Type Ia that occurred in the Milky Way , in the constellation Ophiuchus .
Kappa Geminorum ( κ Gem , κ Geminorum ) is a Class G8 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Gemini .
OGLE - TR-56 is a dim , distant , magnitude 17 Sun - like star located approximately 1500 parsecs away in the constellation of Sagittarius .
Green Spur ( 64 ° 43′S 63 ° 20′W ) is a green colored spur extending from Copper Peak , on the southeast side of Anvers Island , in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
The Vee Cliffs are steep , mainly ice - covered cliffs , 7 km ( 4 nautical miles ) long , between Aurora and the Terror Glacier on the south shore of Ross Island , Antarctica .
Huma Nunatak ( Bulgarian : нунатак Хума , `` Nunatak Huma '' \'nu - na - tak ' hu - ma\ ) is the rocky hill rising to 580 m in the west part of Zavera Snowfield , in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Shanklin Glacier ( 84 ° 37′S 176 ° 40′E ) is a glacier in the Hughes Range of Antarctica , flowing southeast from Mount Waterman to enter Muck Glacier at a point 8 km ( 5 mi ) west of Ramsey Glacier .
Johnstone Glacier ( 71 ° 52′S 163 ° 53′E ) is a small glacier located 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of Zenith Glacier , draining from the southern extremity of the Lanterman Range in the Bowers Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Dandıx ( also , Dandykh and Dandıq ) is a village in the Qabala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Rayong Aquarium ( Thai : สถานแสดงพันธุ์สัตว์น้ำระยอง ) is a public aquarium in the town of Rayong , Rayong Province , Thailand .
Abbeydorney railway station served the village of Abbeydorney in County Kerry , Ireland .
Agualeguas is both a city and a municipality located in the northeastern part of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico , ( 26 ° 19′N 99 ° 32′W ) .
The Humanist Party of Ontario ( HPO ) is an unregistered political party in Ontario , Canada .
The Estadio León , unofficially known as Nou Camp , is a mid - sized football stadium with a seating capacity of 28,759 built in 1967 , and located in the city of León , Guanajuato , in the Bajío region of central Mexico .
The Trascău Mountains are located in the Apuseni mountain range of the Western Romanian Carpathians , in Romania .
Csömör ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtʃømør ) ) is a village in Hungary , in Pest county , Budapest metropolitan area in the Gödöllő subregion ( kistérség ) .
Tymce ( ˈtɨmt͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Тимці , Tymtsi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Mount Sikaram is a mountain in the Spin Ghar range on the Afghanistan--
The Bat Yam Municipal Stadium ( Hebrew : האצטדיון העירוני בת ים‎ , HaEtztadion HaIroni Bat Yam ) is a football stadium in Bat Yam in central Israel .
Coal Banks Trail is a 30-kilometre multipurpose recreational path in Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada .
The University of Haifa ( Hebrew : אוניברסיטת חיפה‎ , Arabic : جامعة حيفا‎ ) is a public research university in Haifa , Israel .
Fengxin County ( simplified Chinese : 奉新县 ; traditional Chinese : 奉新縣 ; pinyin : Fèngxīn Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Lac Dumoine is a lake in Abitibi - Témiscamingue region , in southern Quebec , Canada .
Raposeira is a former civil parish in the municipality of Vila do Bispo , in the southern Algarve , Portugal .
Moradabad - e Abu ol Qasem ( Persian : مرادابادابوالقاسم‎ , also Romanized as Morādābād - e Abū ol Qāsem ) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Otay Formation is a geologic formation in San Diego County , California ( U.S. ) and northern Baja California state ( Mexico ) .
Lazina ( pronounced ( ˈlaːzina ) ) is a small village east of Hinje in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
Unified Lumumbist Party ( French : Parti Lumumbiste Unifié or PALU ) is a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Cublize is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France .
Vinaròs ( Valencian pronunciation : ( vinaˈɾɔs ) ) is a town and municipality in eastern Spain , in the province of Castellón and part of the autonomous Valencian Community .
Grønlands torg is a square in Grønland , Oslo , Norway .
Kufr Rakeb ( Arabic : كفر راكب ) is a town in Irbid Governorate in Jordan .
Pelynt ( Cornish : Pluwnennys , Pluwnonna ) is a civil parish and village in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Seoul Capital Area ( SCA ) is the metropolitan area of Seoul located in the north - west of South Korea .
Okanghudi is a small settlement in the Ohangwena Region in Namibia , which is noted for being the birthplace of Namibian President Hifikepunye Pohamba .
Alexander Falls is a waterfall on Madeley Creek , a tributary of Callaghan Creek in the Callaghan Valley area of the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Metropolitan Mall opened on 1993 , is a shopping and entertainment center in Bekasi city , Indonesia .
Trapezitsa ( Greek : Τραπεζίτσα ) is a village and a community of the Voio municipality in Greece .
The Apurímac River ( Spanish : Río Apurímac , IPA : ( ˈri.o apuˈɾimak ) ; from Quechua apu ' divinity ' and rimaq ' oracle , talker ' ) rises from glacial meltwater of the ridge of the Mismi , a 5,597-metre - high ( 18,363 ft ) mountain in the Arequipa Province in southern Peru .
The Rinža ( German : Rinse , Rinnse ) is a river of Slovenia .
Jleeb Al - Shuyoukh ( Arabic : جليب الشيوخ Transliteration : Jalīb Al - Shuyūkh ) is a town in Kuwait .
Riedlingsdorf ( Hungarian : ' Rödöny ' ) is a municipality in Burgenland in the district Oberwart in Austria .
Dvorovi ( Cyrillic : Дворови ) is a town located just north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Takht - e Tuk ( Persian : تخت توك‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Tūḵ ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hesarooie Motor - e Nazar Narooyi Ahmad ( Persian : حصاروئیه موتور نظر نارویی احمد ‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District ( Sistan and Baluchestan Province ) , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Loutra Elenis ( Greek : Λουτρά Ελένης , also : Λουτρά Ωραίας Ελένης Loutra Oraias Elenis , lit . the Baths of beautiful Helen ) is a village in Corinthia , Greece .
Anjerak ( Persian : انجرك‎ , also Romanized as Anjerak ; also known as Anjīrak ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The 2012 Michoacán earthquake occurred in Mexico on 11 April with a moment magnitude of 6.5 .
Kalamata International Airport ( Greek : Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Καλαμάτας ) ( IATA : KLX , ICAO : LGKL ) `` Captain Vassilis Constantakopoulos '' is an airport in the city of Kalamata , Greece .
Yale Atlético Clube , usually called Yale , was one of the first sports club in Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Hornby Lighthouse , also known as South Head Lower Light , is an active lighthouse located on the tip of South Head , New South Wales , Australia , a headland to the north of the suburb Watsons Bay .
Nising or Nisang is a town near Karnal , Haryana ( India ) on Karnal - Kaithal highway .
Ranchi University is a university in Jharkhand state of India .
Johanneberg Science Park was established in December 2009 by the Chalmers University of Technology Foundation and the City of Gothenburg to create better conditions for regional sustainable growth , based on the activities currently conducted within Chalmers University of Technology at Campus Johanneberg in Gothenburg , Sweden .
The Parañaque River ( Filipino : Ilog Parañaque ) is a river in Metro Manila in the Philippines .
Ikh Bogd ( Mongolian : Их Богд , lit . `` great saint '' ) , also known as Tergun Bogd , is the highest mountain of the Gobi - Altai Mountains and located in the Bayankhongor Province in Mongolia .
The Tourism Association of Koh Samui is a tourism organisation on Ko Samui , Thailand .
The BDC Building , 22-storey office tower ( 91.0 m ) , is the 5th tallest building in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Even in these times , Mödling grew grapes ; after Langenlois , it was the largest grape - growing community in Lower Austria .
Krietzschwitz is a village in the municipality of Pirna , in Saxony , Germany .
Züsch is a municipality located in Trier - Saarburg county , in the state of Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Pribeta ( Hungarian : Perbete , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈpɛrbɛtɛ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Bar Aftab - e Sipeh ( Persian : برافتاب سيپه‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Sīpeh ) is a village in Hati Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Jatigede Dam is an embankment dam on the Cimanuk River in Sumedang Regency , West Java , Indonesia .
Kongsberg Mesotech Ltd , based in Port Coquitlam , BC , Canada , is informally operated by Kongsberg Gruppen .
Jiayin County ( simplified Chinese : 嘉荫县 ; traditional Chinese : 嘉蔭縣 ; pinyin : Jiāyīn Xiàn ) is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
The Östra Torp Church ( Swedish : Östra Torps kyrka ) is a church building in Smygehamn , Sweden .
Analamazaotra Forest Station is a community - managed protected area adjacent to Analamazaotra Reserve and Andasibe - Mantadia National Park in the Alaotra - Mangoro region of east - central Madagascar .
Hanson Bay is a large bay which comprises almost the entire east coast of Chatham Island / Rekohu , the largest island in New Zealand 's Chatham Islands archipelago .
Lake Tissongo is a lake of western Cameroon .
The Centro de Eventos Valle del Pacifico ( Pacific Valley Events Center ) is a convention center located in the city of Cali , Colombia on the highway between Yumbo and Cali .
Vernéřovice ( German : Deutsch Wernersdorf ) is a village in the Náchod District of the Hradec Králové Region , Czech Republic .
The Britz Canal , or Britzer Verbindungskanal in German , is a 3.4-kilometre ( 2.1 mi ) long canal in Berlin , Germany .
Kengun Shrine is the oldest traditional shrine in Kumamoto City , Kumamoto Prefecture , Japan .
Oddesund Bridge ( Danish : Oddesundbroen ) is a road and railway bascule bridge that crosses the Oddesund strait between the peninsulas of Jutland and Thyholm in Denmark .
The Erramala ( Telugu : ఎఱ్ఱమల ) are a range of low hills in southern India , in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh state .
Olocuilta is a municipality in the La Paz department of El Salvador , just a few kilometers down the highway from Santo Tomás .
The Francois Lake Group is a stratigraphical unit of the Nechako Plateau in the central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Kutsayoki River ( Russian : Кутсайоки ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
The Port of Zhongshan is a natural estuary port located on the coast of Zhongshan Prefectural Level city , Guangdong , People 's Republic of China .
Tepe Yahya is an archaeological site in Kermān Province , Iran , some 220 km south of Kerman city , 90 km south of Baft city and 90 km south - west of Jiroft .
Wormeldange ( Luxembourgish : Wuermeldeng , German : Wormeldingen ) is a commune and small town in eastern Luxembourg .
Ab Beli Zilayi ( Persian : اب بلي زيلائي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Belī Zīlāyī ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Zherizhah ( Persian : ژريژه‎‎ , also Romanized as Zherīzhah and Zherīzheh ; also known as Zhelīzheh ) is a village in Zherizhah Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Deir ez - Zor Airport ( Arabic : مطار دير الزور‎ ) ( IATA : DEZ , ICAO : OSDZ ) is an airport serving Deir ez - Zor , a city in northeastern Syria .
Great Plain and North ( Hungarian : Alföld és Észak ) is a statistical ( NUTS 1 ) region of Hungary .
A Calandreta ( Occitan pronunciation : ( kalanˈdɾɛtɔ ) ) is a bilingual school in Occitania in the South of France where the Occitan language is taught alongside the French language .
The Lanjak Entimau Wildlife Sanctuary is situated on the island of Borneo , in Malaysia .
Sheykh Chupan ( Persian : شيخ چوپان‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Chūpān ; also known as Shaikh Chapān ) is a village in Tamugheh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dehmolla ( Persian : دهملا‎ , also Romanized as Dehmollā , Deh - e Mollā , and Deh - i - Mulla ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Mollā ) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District , in the Central District of Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Divjakë is a town and a municipality in Fier County , western Albania .
Monte Pruno is a mountain in the southern Cilento region of the Province of Salerno , in the Campania region , of southern Italy .
Bolpur - Santiniketan is a municipality in Birbhum District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Oulhaça El Gheraba ( English : Ulhasa ) is a municipality in north - western Algeria .
King Street Wharf ( covering approximately five hectares ) , is a former maritime industrial area on the eastern shore of Darling Harbour , an inlet of Sydney Harbour , Australia , that has been redeveloped into a mixed use tourism , commercial , residential and maritime development as part of the extensive redevelopment in the general area .
Cham Khun ( Persian : چمخون‎ , also Romanized as Cham Khūn ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Mosman Rowing Club is an all - level competitive and recreational rowing club on the North Shore of Sydney , Australia .
Blathur is a village in Kannur , Kerala , India , located approximately 38 kilometres north - east of the district headquarters , Kannur .
Loyettes Airfield is an abandoned World War II United States Army Air Forces military airfield in France , which was located approximately 1 km north of Loyettes ( Département de l'Ain , Rhone - Alpes ) , 28 km east of Lyon .
Skiby ( ˈskibɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chęciny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Astoria River is a short river in Jasper National Park , Alberta , Canada .
Hispar Pass ( or Hispar La ) ( el . 5,128 m./16,824 ft . ) is a high - altitude , non - technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan .
Fondettes is a commune in the suburbs of Tours in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
Zamin Shahi ( Persian : زمين شاهي‎ , also Romanized as Zamīn Shāhī ; also known as Zamīn Shāh ) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
San Jose Adventist Academy Inc. ( SJAA ) is a private non - sectarian institution in San Jose , Occidental Mindoro , Philippines .
The Isiboro River is a river of Bolivia .
Awatapu College is a State Co - Educational Secondary School in Awapuni , Palmerston North , New Zealand .
The Sacred Mount Calvary of Domodossola ( also known as Sacro Monte Calvario ) is a Roman Catholic sanctuary on the Mattarella Hill , overlooking Domodossola ( Piedmont , northern Italy ) .
Baix Maestrat ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈbajʒ maesˈtɾat ) , Spanish : Bajo Maestrazgo ) is a comarca in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community , Spain .
Bad Lausick ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbaːt ˈlaʊzɪk ) ) is a town in the Leipzig district , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany .
The Standseilbahn Stuttgart or Stuttgart Cable Car is a funicular railway in the city of Stuttgart , Germany .
Jagdgeschwader 11 ( JG 11 ) was a German fighter wing ( ) of the Luftwaffe during World War II . Its primary role was the defense of Northern Germany against Allied day bomber raids .
Fathabad - e Shur ( Persian : فتح اباد شور‎ , also Romanized as Fatḩābād - e Shūr ; also known as Fatḩābād ) is a village in Yazdanabad Rural District , Yazdanabad District , Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ravne pri Cerknem ( pronounced ( ˈraːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈtseːɾknɛm ) ) is a settlement west of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Bismarck Range is a mountain range in the central highlands of Papua New Guinea .
Penville or Pennville is a village in Dominica 's Saint Andrew Parish .
Burlington Transit is the public transport provider in the city of Burlington , Ontario , Canada .
The Museo delle Mura ( `` museum of the walls '' ) is an archaeological museum in Rome , Italy .
Neglinnaya Street ( Russian : Неглинная улица ) is a street inside the Garden Ring of Moscow , Russia .
Port Owen is a marina in the town of Velddrif , 145 km from Cape Town on the West Coast of the Cape Province of South Africa .
Gmina Iwaniska is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Salla Jaqhi or Sallajaqhi ( Aymara salla rock , cliff , jaqhi cliff , `` rock cliff '' , hispanicized spelling Sallajaque ) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru , about 5,180.1 metres ( 16,995 ft ) high .
Saint Vincent Passage is a strait in the Caribbean , at 13.5 ° N 61 ° W. It separates the Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent .
Notaresco is a town and commune in the Teramo province in the Abruzzo region of eastern central Italy .
Kfeir is a small village nestled 900 m above sea level along the steep slopes of the top of the air in Lebanon .
Tarimul is a small village on the banks of Sendhei River in the Kendujhar District of Orissa , India .
The Naranjo de Bulnes ( known as Picu Urriellu in Asturian ) is a limestone peak dating from the paleozoic era , located in the Macizo Central region of the Picos de Europa , Asturias ( Spain ) .
St. Mary 's College Kisubi ( SMACK ) is a boys - only boarding middle and high school located in Wakiso District in the Central Region of Uganda .
The Hellenic Statistical Authority ( Greek : Ελληνική Στατιστική Αρχή , IPA : ( eliniˈci statistiˈci arˈçi ) ) , known by its acronym ELSTAT ( Greek : ΕΛ.ΣΤΑΤ ) , is the national statistical service of Greece .
The Stoclet Palace ( French : Palais Stoclet , Dutch : Stocletpaleis ) is a mansion in Brussels , Belgium .
Mane Braz is a Megalithic tomb located 2 km southeast of Erdeven , Brittany , France .
Meyami ( Persian : Mayāmey‎ , also Romanized as Mayāmī , Maiāmai ) is a city in and capital of Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Hersvik Church ( Norwegian : Hersvik kyrkje ) is a parish church in Solund Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Danviksbron or , alternatively , Danviksbro ( `` Danvik Bridge '' ) is a bascule bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden , connecting the eastern end of Södermalm to the eastern municipality Nacka .
Hengchun Airport ( Chinese : 恆春機場 ; pinyin : Héngchūn Jīchǎng ) ( IATA : HCN , ICAO : RCKW ) is an airport in Renshou Village , Hengchun Township , Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Buckie is in the Moray ( Westminster ) constituency of The United Kingdom Parliament which returns a Member of Parliament ( MP ) to the House of Commons , at Westminster .
Plesetsk ( Russian : Плесе́цк ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Plesetsky District , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , situated about 800 kilometers ( 500 mi ) northeast of Moscow and 180 kilometers ( 110 mi ) south of Arkhangelsk .
Branco River ( Acre ) ( engl . White River ) is a river of Acre state in western Brazil .
Zartonk ( Armenian : Զարթոնք ) , is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
India census , Tekari had a population of 17,615 .
Korneuburg ( German pronunciation : ( kɔʁˈnɔʏbʊʁk ) ) is a town in Austria .
St Petersburg Classical Gymnasium is a coeducational public school ( # 610 ) established in 1989 in St Petersburg , Russia .
Halfway Bush is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin .
Trešnjevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Трешњевац , Hungarian : Oromhegyes ) is a village in Serbia .
Józsefváros ( German : Josefstadt ) is the 8th district of Budapest , Hungary .
Rimkai is a village in Jonava district municipality , Kaunas County , central Lithuania .
Bukowina Bobrzańska ( bukɔˈvina bɔˈbʐaɲska ) ( German : Buchwald bei Sagan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żagań , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Vyoshenskaya ( Russian : Вёшенская ) or Veshenskaya , colloquially known as Vyoshki , is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Sholokhovsky District of Rostov Oblast , Russia , located in the northern reaches of the Don River on its left bank .
The Caños Dorados Prizes ( Premio Caños Dorados ) are annual international prizes awarded in Spain to an original short story and an original poem written in the Spanish language .
Olachiq ( Persian : آلاچيق‎ , also Romanized as Olāchīq ) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lake Poerua is a shallow lake located in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island roughly 13 km southeast from Lake Brunner .
Rejczuchy ( rɛi̯ˈt͡ʂuxɨ ) ( German : Karolinenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Druzhkivka ( Ukrainian : Дружківка , Russian : Дружковка , Druzhkovka ) is a city of oblast significance in Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Neft Daşları ( Azerbaijani : Neft Daşları , Russian : Нефтяные Камни , also known as the Oil Rocks ) is an industrial settlement in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Pagan Records is an independent extreme metal record label based in Poland .
Palacio de Deportes de la Comunidad de Madrid ( English : Community of Madrid Sports Centre ) , since July 2014 called Barclaycard Center for sponsorship reasons , is an indoor sporting arena located in the City of Madrid , Spain .
The Buddhist Kushans ruled parts of Afghanistan and northern India , including Kashmir , during the first three centuries CE . The Chinese traveler Xuanzang passed this area in the 7th century ; he described Ushkur as a flourishing centre of Buddhism .
Soleyman Bolaghi ( Persian : سليمان بلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Soleymān Bolāghī ; also known as Soleymān Bolāgh , Soleymānbūlāghī , Sulaimanbulāqi , and Suleyman - Bulag ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Babine River Corridor Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located to the north of Hazelton .
Tigdidine ( also written Tiguedidine ) is a village in the commune of Djamaa , in El Oued Province , Algeria .
The Giardino Botanico e Arboreto Appenninico del Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo is a botanical garden and arboretum located in the Parco Nazionale d'Abruzzo , Lazio e Molise at via Santa Lucia , 67032 Pescasseroli , Province of L'Aquila , Abruzzo , Italy .
Étaples Military Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery in Étaples , near Boulogne on the north - west coast of France .
Galyat ( Urdu : گلیات ‎ ) region , or hill tract , ( also written Galliat and Galiyat ) is a narrow strip or area roughly 50 - -80 km north - east of Islamabad , Pakistan , extending on both sides of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa - Punjab border , between Abbottabad and Murree .
The Seven Rila Lakes ( Bulgarian : Седемте рилски езера , transliterated : Sedemte rilski ezera ) are a group of lakes of glacial origin ( glacial lakes ) , situated in the northwestern Rila Mountains in Bulgaria .
Bicol Regional Science High School ( Filipino : Mataas na Paaralan ng Agham Panrehiyon ng Bicol ) ( colloquially BreSci ) is the Regional Science High School for Bicol Region ( Region V ) in the Philippines .
Fredersdorfer Mühlenfließ is a river of Brandenburg and Berlin , Germany .
The 1992 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Hockenheimring in Hockenheim , Germany on July 26 , 1992 .
Qajariyeh - ye Do ( Persian : قجريه دو‎ , also Romanized as Qajarīyeh - ye Do and Qajarīyeh Do ; also known as Qājāniyeh , Qājār , and Qajarīyeh ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Siedmiorogów Pierwszy ( ɕɛdmjɔˈrɔɡuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Péhunco or Péhonko is a town , arrondissement and commune located in the Atakora Department of Benin .
Stardumb Records is a small independent record label based in Rotterdam , The Netherlands that was launched in 2000 .
Hundvin or Hundven is a village in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Palace of the Kings of Majorca ( French : Palais des Rois de Majorque ) , is a palace and a fortress with gardens overlooking the city of Perpignan in Pyrenees - Orientales , Languedoc - Roussillon , France .
The Windsor Police Pipe Band is a non - profit organization of bagpipe players and drummers based in Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Ybbs an der Donau ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɪps ) ) is a city in Austria .
Consilient was a privately held company located in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Residence Brusilia is a curved building in the Schaerbeek district of Brussels , Belgium , next to Josaphat Park .
Mangla Cantonment is an army garrison near Mangla Dam in Jhelum District of Pakistan .
Tankwa Karoo National Park is a Scientific National Park in South Africa .
The De La Salle Araneta University ( DLSAU ) is the seventh campus of De La Salle Philippines .
Chelsorsor ( Azerbaijani : Çöl Sorsor ) is a village in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
UAS7 established a liaison office in the `` German House `` in New York . The New York office provides information and assistance to North American students and scholars who are interested in study ( or a combination of study and internship ) in Germany .
Grmuša ( Cyrillic : Грмуша ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Radešine ( Cyrillic : Радешине ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Saidapur is a village in Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana in India , near Huzurabad .
Fimmvörðuháls ( listen ; Icelandic for `` five cairns pass '' ) is the area between the glaciers Eyjafjallajökull and Mýrdalsjökull in southern Iceland .
The Ontario Provincial Police ( OPP ) is the Provincial Police service for the province of Ontario , Canada .
Skowarcz - Kolonia ( ˈskɔvart͡ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczółki , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ambrolauri ( Georgian : ამბროლაური ) is a city in Georgia , located in the western part of the country , on both banks of the Rioni river , at the elevation of 550 m above sea level .
Vojens Municipality ( German : Woyens ) , was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in the former South Jutland County on the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark .
Balasaz ( Kazakh : Баласаз ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Sadówka ( saˈdufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Centre de Documentació i Museu de les Arts Escèniques ( Documentation Centre and Museum of the Performing Arts of the Institut del Teatre ) , also known as MAE , is a centre for information and research on the performing arts in Catalonia , Spain .
Trablice ( traˈblit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gorenje Blato ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈblaːtɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia .
The Vivari Channel ( Albanian : Kanali i Butrintit , also known as Butrinto River ) links Lake Butrint in Albania with the Straits of Corfu , and forms a border of the peninsula of Butrint .
Schröcken is located in the western province of Austria , Vorarlberg , Bregenz in the district south - south - east of the Bodensee .
The Yavne West Railway Station is a passenger railway station in Yavne , Israel and is one of two railway stations in the city ( the other being Yavne East ) .
Jach'a Waracha ( Aymara , jach'a big , waracha wooden camp bed , hispanicized spelling Jacha Huaracha ) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Bolivia , about 5,540 metres ( 18,176 ft ) high .
The Polevskoy Copper Smelting Plant ( Russian : Полевской медеплавильный завод , tr . Polevskoj medeplavilnyj zavod ) , also known as Polevaya or Poleva , was one of the major metallurgical facilities located in Polevskoy , in Sverdlovsk Oblast of Russia .
St. Paul 's Secondary School ( SPSS , Chinese : 聖保祿中學 ) is a Catholic girls ' secondary school situated on Ventris Road in Happy Valley , Hong Kong .
Abzar ( Persian : ابزار‎ , also Romanized as Ābzār ) is a village in Rudar Rural District , Central District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Khvorneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : خورنه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khvorneh - ye Soflá and Khūrneh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Moranbong Theatre is a theatre located in North Korea .
Laleh Zar ( Persian : لاله زار‎ , also Romanized as Lāleh Zār ; also known as Ghārat Mālgeh ) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Tang Sa ( Persian : تنگ سا‎ , also Romanized as Tang Sā ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pongara National Park is a national park in Gabon near the capital Libreville along the Komo estuary and the Atlantic Ocean .
Rəzdərə ( also , Raza - Dara , Razdere , and Rozdere ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Śnieżnik Landscape Park ( Śnieżnicki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in south - western Poland , established in 1981 , and covering an area of 288.00 square kilometres ( 111.20 sq mi ) .
The Abraj Al Lulu is a large residential project located in Manama , the capital city of Bahrain .
The Matanoagawa Dam ( 俣野川ダム ) is a concrete gravity dam on a tributary of the Hino River located 2.3 km ( 1 mi ) south of Kōfu in Tottori Prefecture , Japan .
Gumbuloq ( Persian : گُم‌بلاغ ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
The Orkesta Runestones are 11th century runestones engraved in Old Norse with the younger futhark that are located at the church of Orkesta north - east of Stockholm in Sweden .
Niesułowo - Pach ( ɲesuˈwɔvɔ ˈpax ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chapo Lake ( Spanish : Lago Chapo ) is a lake of Chile located in Los Lagos Region .
Basque , British Columbia , is located in the province of British Columbia , Canada , near the village of Ashcroft .
Halimeh Jan ( Persian : حليمه جان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalīmeh Jān ; also known as Halīmjān and Khalimdzhakh ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
` Omarz is a village in Panjshir Province , Afghanistan .
Okuniowiec ( ɔkuˈɲɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gach Allahqoli ( Persian : گچ اله قلي‎ , also Romanized as Gach Allahqolī ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Raumati collectively refers to two neighbouring places on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro is the main avenue of the city of Bilbao , Basque Country ( Spain ) .
Harrington Lake ( French : La résidence du lac Mousseau ) estate is the name of the summer residence and all - season retreat of the Prime Minister of Canada and also the name of the land which surrounds it .
Asociación Civil Impacta Salud y Educación is a non - profit organization which promotes public health in the Andean region of Peru .
Raškovci ( Cyrillic : Рашковци ) is a village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kasumbalesa or sometimes Kasile is a border town in the province of Katanga in the Democratic Republic of the Congo about 96 km south - south - east of Lubumbashi .
Abraum salts is the name given to a mixed deposit of salts , including halite ( sodium chloride ) , carnallite , and kieserite ( magnesium sulfate ) , found in association with rock salt at Aschersleben - Staßfurt in Germany .
The Sliprännor i Gantofta ( Swedish : Grooves of the Giant ) in the Helsingborg region in Scania in Sweden are located on the escarpment of a river valley in a sandstone outcrop .
The Deutsches Geodätisches Forschungsinstitut ( German Geodetic Research Institute ) , commonly abbreviated as `` DGFI '' , is a research institute located in Munich Germany , dedicated to the study of Geodesy .
Kranj ( pronounced ( ˈkɾàːn ) ; also known by other alternative names ) is the fourth - largest city in Slovenia , with a population of 54,500 ( 2010 ) .
Adjarra I is an arrondissement in the Ouémé department of Benin .
The Fourth Battle of the Isonzo was fought between the armies of Kingdom of Italy and those of Austria - Hungary on the Italian Front in World War I , between November 10 and December 2 , 1915 .
Zgłobień ( ˈzɡwɔbjɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguchwała , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Commonwealth of the Bahamas Trade Union Congress is a central trade union federation in The Bahamas .
The Ivindo River is the most important tributary of the Ogooué river , which flows in Gabon .
The Canal through Walcheren in the Netherlands crosses the east of Walcheren .
Mazraeh - ye Mir ( Persian : مزرعه مير‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mīr and Mazra``eh Mīr ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 116 , in 27 families .
Raseiniai ( pronunciation ) ( Polish : Rosienie , Yiddish : ראַסיין‎ ) is a city in Lithuania .
Darreh Khvoshi ( Persian : دره خوشي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Khvoshī ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Baliguian Island ( variously Baliguian Islet and unofficially called `` Miracle Island '' by the locals , due to its experiences with Typhoon Haiyan ) is an inhabited island in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
Kfar Zoharim ( Hebrew : כְּפַר זָהֳרִים , lit . Village of Lights ) , officially Ramot Yehuda - Zoharim ( Hebrew : רמות יהודה - זוהרים‎ , lit . Judea Heights - Lights ) , is a village and treatment centre for drug addiction in central Israel .
Pukehiki is a small locality on Otago Peninsula , within the city of Dunedin in the South Island of New Zealand .
The Hill 50 Gold Mine is a gold mine located 4 km north - west of Mount Magnet , Western Australia .
Mattarello ( German : Madrell ) is a small town in Trentino , Italy .
The Haute Touche Zoological Park ( Réserve de la Haute - Touche ) is a zoo and safari park in France .
The Richmond temperate forests are an ecoregion covering the northern part of New Zealand 's South Island .
Fjelberg Church ( Norwegian : Fjelberg kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Moškanjci ( pronounced ( mɔˈʃkaːntsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia .
Pitareti Monastery ( Georgian : ფიტარეთი მონასტერი ) is a medieval Orthodox Christian monastery in Georgia , approximately 26 km southwest of the town of Tetritsq'aro , Kvemo Kartli , southwest of the nation 's capital Tbilisi .
Yakhtul is a large coastal fishing village in the Taiz Governorate of southwestern Yemen .
The Party of Progress and Socialism ( Arabic : حزب التقدم والاشتراكية‎ Hizb Al - Taqadoum Wal - Ishtirakiyeh ; French : Parti du Progrès et du Socialisme ) is a political party in Morocco .
Cerros de Tocorpuri is a volcanic complex located along the border between Bolivia and Chile .
Baarn ( baːrn ) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands , in the province of Utrecht .
The Labourer 's Friend Society was a society founded by Lord Shaftesbury in the United Kingdom in 1830 for the improvement of working class conditions .
Brvnište ( Hungarian : Boronás ) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Terracina is a town and comune of the province of Latina - ( until 1934 of the province of Rome ) , Italy , 76 kilometres ( 47 miles ) southeast of Rome by rail and 56 kilometres ( 35 mi ) by the Via Appia by car .
Fortune Araames is an approved 45-floor tower to be built in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Bundesstraße 87 ( Abbreviation : B 87 ) is a Bundesstraße in Germany .
Chato Volcano , sometimes called `` Cerro Chato '' ( Spanish for , literally , `` Flat Hill '' ) , is an inactive volcano in north - western Costa Rica north - west of San José , in the province of Alajuela , canton of San Carlos , and district of La Fortuna .
Mont Maudit ( 4,465 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy .
In August 2009 , the United Kingdom suspended the Turks and Caicos Islands ' self - government after allegations of ministerial corruption .
Bruzaholm is a locality situated in Eksjö Municipality , Jönköping County , Sweden with 250 inhabitants in 2010 .
Kalvebod Brygge ( literally `` Kalvebod Quay '' ) is a waterfront area in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bratya Daskalovi ( Bulgarian : Братя Даскалови , pronounced ( ˈbratjə dəskəˈlɔvi ) ; also transliterated Bratja Daskalovi or Bratia Daskalovi ) is a village in southern Bulgaria , part of Stara Zagora Province with a population of 750 inhabitants as of December 2009 .
Benito Salas Airport ( IATA : NVA , ICAO : SKNV ) is an airport that serves the city of Neiva , the capital of the Huila Department in Colombia .
The University of Gothenburg ( Swedish : Göteborgs universitet ) is a university in Sweden 's second largest city , Gothenburg .
The Riversdale Business Improvement District ( RBID ) is a Business Improvement District ( BID ) located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Fabara ( Spanish : ( faˈβaɾa ) ) or Favara de Matarranya ( Catalan : ( fəˈβaɾə ðə mətəˈraɲə ) , locally : ( faˈβaɾa ðe mataˈraɲa ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain .
The Order of the Oak Crown ( French : Ordre de la couronne de Chêne , German : Eichenlaubkronenorden , Luxembourgish : Eechelaafkrounenuerden ) is an order of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg .
Boizenburg - Land is an Amt in the Ludwigslust - Parchim district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Kochkurovsky District ( Russian : Кочку́ровский райо́н ; Erzya : Кочкурбуе ; Moksha : Кочкуровань аймак ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Trypiti ( Greek : Τρυπητή ) is a small town in the island of Milos , Greece ( 400 citizens ) .
Gornje Ležeče ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnjɛ lɛˈʒeːtʃɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Cross of Recognition ( Latvian : Atzinības krusts ) is a state decoration of Latvia , founded in 1938 , but tracing its historical origins to 1710 .
Kato Zachlorou ( Greek : Κάτω Ζαχλωρού ) is a village and a community in eastern Achaea , Greece .
Mimosa Public School , is a school located in Frenchs Forest Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Beaver Pass House is an unincorporated locality and former roadhouse on the Cariboo Wagon Road ( now the Barkerville Highway ) in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Mištar ( Cyrillic : Миштар ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Malikpur is a village in Gujrat District , in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
The Leopold Museum , housed in the Museumsquartier in Vienna , Austria , is home to one of the largest collections of modern Austrian art , featuring artists such as Egon Schiele , Gustav Klimt , Oskar Kokoschka and Richard Gerstl .
Høyforsmoen Chapel ( Norwegian : Høyforsmoen kapell ) is a parish church in the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county , Norway .
The Memorial to the Civilian Victims of the Japanese Occupation , usually called the Civilian War Memorial ( Chinese : 日本占领时期死难人民纪念碑 ; Malay : Tugu Peringatan Bagi Mangsa Awam Pemerintahan Jepun ) is one of Singapore 's most famous heritage landmarks .
The Esplanade Bridge is a 261-metre - long ( 850 ft . ) road bridge that spans across the mouth of the Singapore River in Singapore with the Esplanade - Theatres on the Bay on its northern abutment and the Merlion on the southern .
Rio Sidra is a town in Kuna Yala territory , Panama .
Waingapu is the largest town on the island of Sumba , East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia .
Waldsieversdorf is a municipality in the district Märkisch - Oderland of Brandenburg ( a Land of the Federal Republic of Germany ) .
Nagykovácsi ( whose name in English translates as `` Great Smithy '' ) is a small town in the Pilisvörösvári kistérség district of Hungary situated some 15 km ( 9 mi ) north - east of the centre of Budapest , in a valley , at an altitude of 340 metres .
Maciejowice ( mat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
President Elpidio Quirino Avenue , more commonly known as Quirino Avenue , is a 6 - 10 lane divided highway in Manila , Philippines .
The Huddersfield Narrow Canal Pylon , ( National Grid tower designation 4ZO251B ) , is a transmission tower which stands with its feet over the Huddersfield Narrow Canal near Heyrod , Stalybridge , Greater Manchester , United Kingdom .
Indian Bay ( Parsons Point ) is located in Newfoundland , Canada .
The St. Thomas and Eastern Railway ( reporting mark TRRY ) was a shortline railway division of the Trillium Railway , operating near St. Thomas , Ontario , Canada .
Hajguiyeh ( Persian : هجگوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Hajgū’īyeh and Hajgūeeyeh ; also known as Ajgū’īyeh ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
VictoriArena is a football stadium in Rosport , in eastern Luxembourg and is currently the home stadium of FC Victoria Rosport .
Vermilion Bay Airport , ( TC LID : CKQ7 ) , is located near to Machin , Ontario , Canada .
The Yangon General Hospital ( YGH ) ( Burmese : ရန်ကုန် ပြည်သူ့ ဆေးရုံကြီး ) is a major public hospital in Yangon , Myanmar .
Aygezard ( Armenian : Այգեզարդ ; formerly , Aygedzor , Anastasavan , and Dargalu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Arrastaria is a town former municipality located in the municipality of Amurrio province of Álava ( Araba ) , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Lanvaudan ( Breton : Lanvodan ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
There are 160 local groups of UFC Que Choisir in France .
Mount Samat ( Tagalog pronunciation : ( samat ) ) is a historic mountain in the town of Pilár , Province of Bataan , in the Republic of the Philippines .
Deutsches Theater München ( `` German Theatre '' ) is a theatre in Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Kfar Shmuel ( Hebrew : כְּפַר שְׁמוּאֵל , lit . Shmuel Village ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Stelvio National Park ( Italian : Parco nazionale dello Stelvio ; German : Nationalpark Stilfser Joch ) is a national park in the north - east of Italy , founded in 1935 .
Akraifnia ( Greek : Ακραιφνία ) is a former municipality in Boeotia , Greece .
Sajama National Park is a national park located in the Oruro Department , Bolivia .
El Chorro ( `` The Spurt '' ) is a small village located in Málaga ( Andalusia ) in southern Spain , near the town of Álora .
The Red Beds of Hermiin Tsav is a geological formation in Mongolia whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous .
Stadion Bergholz is a football stadium in Wil , Switzerland .
Qaleh - ye Azodi ( Persian : قلعه عضدي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye `` Aẕodī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 43 , in 11 families .
Ogere ( also referred to as Ogere Remo or Ogere - Remo or Ogere - Remo ) , is an ancient town in the present Remo Division of Ogun State , Nigeria .
Għarb ( Maltese : L - Għarb ) is a village located at the westernmost point of the island of Gozo , Malta , with a population of 1,539 people as of March 2014 .
Novi Marof ( Kajkavian : Nuovi Narof ) is a town in north - western Croatia , located south of Varaždin and east of Ivanec , in the Varaždin County .
Dulay Qarqi ( Persian : دولاي قارقي‎ , also Romanized as Dūlāy Qārqī and Dūlā - ye Qārqī ; also known as Dūlāy Qārī ) is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Southern University College ( also known as Southern UC ) is the first non - profit higher education institute and private university college in Skudai , Johor , Malaysia .
Ježce ( pronounced ( ˈjeːʃtsɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Primskovo area of the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Ayer Bemban ( Currently also known as Air Bemban ) is a small village in the north of Kulai District , Johor , Malaysia .
Tlapanaloya is a town inside municipality of Tequixquiac in Mexico State in Mexico .
Fort Macleod , originally named Macleod , is a town in the southwest corner of the province of Alberta , Canada .
Pinal de Amoles is a town located in Pinal de Amoles Municipality in the state of Querétaro in central Mexico .
Al Gari ( Persian : ال گری ‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Steiri ( Greek : Στείρι ) is a village in Boeotia , Greece .
American University of Technology ( AUT ) , is a private university established in Lebanon .
The Mercury Islands are a group of seven islands off the northeast coast of New Zealand 's North Island .
Sfakera , is a village , on the north coast of the island of Corfu , Greece .
Bird Islands Conservation Park is a 369-hectare ( 910-acre ) protected area in eastern Spencer Gulf , South Australia .
Dash Arasi ( Persian : داش اراسي‎ , also Romanized as Dāsh Ārāsī and Dasharasy ; also known as Dasharehsī and Mīān Sang ) is a village in Minjavan - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Floorshoogte Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa , on the Regional road R43 ( Western Cape ) between Bot River and Villiersdorp .
Karigador ( Italian : Carigador d'Istria ) is a village in the Brtonigla municipality in Istria County , Croatia .
Civita d'Antino ( Latin : Antinum ) is a comune and town in the province of L'Aquila , in the Abruzzo region of central Italy .
Vargeru ( Persian : وارگرو‎ , also Romanized as Vārgerū ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bassas de Pedro , also known as Munyal Par or Padua Bank , is a submerged bank or sunken atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep , India , at 13 ° 05′N 72 ° 25′E.
Basudeb Chap is a village of Gosairhat Upazila under Shariatpur District in the Dhaka Division of southern - central Bangladesh .
Kitsissuarsuit Heliport ( IATA : QJE , ICAO : BGKT ) is a heliport in Kitsissuarsuit , a Disko Bay island village in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland .
Baveleh - ye Seyyedan ( Persian : باوله سيدان‎ , also Romanized as Bāveleh - ye Seyyedān ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sankeng Station ( Chinese : 三坑車站 ; pinyin : Sānkēng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Ren'ai District , Keelung City , Taiwan .
Seacliff Lunatic Asylum ( often Seacliff Asylum , later Seacliff Mental Hospital ) was a psychiatric hospital in Seacliff , New Zealand .
Bar Aftab - e Kashkeli ( Persian : برافتاب كاشكلي‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Kāshkelī ; also known as Bar Āftāb - e Kāshgelī , Kūshkelī , and Shahrak - e Kāshgelī ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Central Cardamom Mountains is a designated area of protected forest in Cambodia , covering a large area of the Cardamom Mountains and stretching across three provinces .
Bacău ( Romanian pronunciation : ( baˈkəw ) ; German : Barchau , Hungarian : Bákó ) is the main city in Bacău County , Romania .
Dobrodo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Добродо ) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia .
Tomb KV15 , located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt , was used for the burial of Pharaoh Seti II of the Nineteenth Dynasty .
Ankayuq K'uchu ( Quechua anka black - chested buzzard - eagle or eagle , k'uchu corner , inside corner or outward angle , `` corner with an eagle '' , hispanicized spelling Ancayoc Cucho ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Attaiyeh ( Persian : عطائيه‎ , also Romanized as `` Aţţā’īyeh ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 801 , in 200 families .
Teouma is a major archaeological site on the island of Éfaté in Vanuatu .
Piesau is a municipality in the district Saalfeld - Rudolstadt , in Thuringia , Germany close to the Thuringian Rennsteig .
Samastipur is a town and a municipality ( nagar parishad ) in Bihar , India .
Sardabeh ( Persian : سردابه‎ , also Romanized as Sardābeh ) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Puyupatamarca or Phuyupatamarca is an archaeological site along the Inca Trail in the Urubamba Valley of Peru .
Avdi Square ( Greek : Πλατεία Λέοντος Αυδή ) is a public gathering place located in the Metaxourgeio neighbourhood of Athens , Greece , bounded by Leonidou , Kerameikou , Giatrakou and Germanikou streets .
Qeshlaq - e Badeyr ( Persian : قشلاق بدير‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Badeyr ) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District , in the Central District of Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Łupków Pass or Lupkov Pass ( Polish : Przełęcz Łupkowska , Slovak : Lupkovský priesmyk ) is a significant mountain pass in the Carpathian mountains on the border between Poland and Slovakia , and close to the western border of Ukraine .
Cehal ( Hungarian : Oláhcsaholy , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈolaːhtʃɒhoj ) ) is a commune of 1,573 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Miskolc - Bükkszentlászló ( Slovak : Stará Huta ) is a small village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Northern Hungary .
Cape Kormakitis ( Greek : Ακρωτήριο Κορμακίτη , Akrotírio Kormakíti , Turkish : Koruçam Burnu ) is a promontory on the north - western coast of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus , located in the self - proclaimed republic of Northern Cyprus .
The Weißwandspitze ( Italian : Parete Bianca ; German : Weißwandspitze ) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
Krstinja ( Serbian Cyrillic : Крстиња ) is a village in Croatia .
Méagui is a city in south - western Ivory Coast .
Azm Palace ( Arabic : قصر العظم‎ ) is a palace in Damascus , Syria which was originally built in 1750 as a residence for the Ottoman governor of Damascus As'ad Pasha al - Azm .
Raiguer is a comarca ( county ) located in the north - central part of Majorca , one of the Balearic Islands of Spain .
On March 29 , 1848 , the Belgian army needed to intervene near Mouscron against a troop of French republican sympathizers who were ready to invade Belgium , in what was known as the Risquons - Tout incident .
Sedef Island , ( Turkish : Sedef Adası , literally `` Mother - of - Pearl Island '' ; Greek : Τερέβυνθος Terebinthos , and in ancient times also Androvitha or Andircuithos ) is one of the nine islands consisting the Princes ' Islands in the Sea of Marmara , near Istanbul , Turkey .
Masu'ot Yitzhak ( Hebrew : מְשּׂוּאוֹת יִצְחָק , lit . Yitzhak 's Beacons ) is a moshav shitufi in southern Israel .
Supaul district ( Hindi : सुपौल जिला ) is one of the thirty - eight districts of Bihar state , India , and Supaul town is the administrative headquarters of this district .
Tekovská Breznica ( German : Bresnitz an der Gran , Hungarian : Barsberzence ) is a municipality in the Žarnovica District , Banská Bystrica Region in Slovakia .
Las Danna is a tourist resort in Bagh District , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Mazy ( in Walloon Mazi ) is a village on the Orneau ( a tributary of the Sambre ) , located about 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) south of the city of Gembloux , in province of Namur in the Walloon region of Belgium .
Carronade Island lies off the northern ( Kimberley ) coast of Western Australia ( 13 ° 56′42``S 126 ° 36′09''E ) .
Sobinka ( Russian : Собинка ) is a town and the administrative center of Sobinsky District in Vladimir Oblast , Russia , located on the right bank of the Klyazma River ( Oka 's tributary ) , 37 kilometers ( 23 mi ) southwest of Vladimir , the administrative center of the oblast .
Kalateh Rudbar ( Persian : کلاته رودبار‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh Rūdbār ; formerly , Kalateh ( Persian : كلاته‎ ) , also Romanized as Kalāteh ) is a city in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Fung Yiu King Hospital ( Chinese : 東華三院馮堯敬醫院 , TWGHs Fung Yiu King Hospital in short ) is a geriatric hospital under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals in Sandy Bay on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
Government Science College , Matale ( GSC ) ( Sinhala : රජයේ විද්‍යා විද්‍යාලය ) is a co - educational government secondary school located in Matale , Sri Lanka .
Fjord of the Mountains , also known as `` Channel of the Mountains '' ( Spanish Canal de las Montañas ) , is located to the west of Puerto Natales , Chile and inside the boundaries of the Alacalufes National Reserve .
Jaźwie ( ˈjaʑvjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Aetolia ( Greek : Αιτωλία ) is a mountainous region of Greece on the north coast of the Gulf of Corinth , forming the eastern part of the modern regional unit of Aetolia - Acarnania .
Löcknitz is a municipality in the Vorpommern - Greifswald district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany , located 12 km west of the German - Polish border and 25 km west of Szczecin ( German : Stettin ) .
Zasanie Synagogue , ( Polish : Synagoga Zasańska ) , located in Przemyśl , Poland , was the only synagogue in Przemyśl built on the western bank of the San River .
Ka River ( also known as Gulbin Ka River ) is a river in the northern part of Nigeria .
Gateway Boulevard is a one - way major arterial in south Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Dalby hage is an area located 10 km east of Lund municipality in South Sweden .
Pyhäjokilaakso is the basin of the Pyhäjoki river , located in Northern Ostrobothnia , Finland .
Saint - Michel - de - Bannières is a commune in the Lot department in south - western France .
Yaguine is a small town and principal settlement ( chef - lieu ) of the commune of Toya in the Cercle of Yélimané in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
The Mare aux Songes swamp is a lagerstätte located close to the sea in south eastern Mauritius .
Zenab ( Persian : زناب‎ , also Romanized as Zenāb ; also known as Zenyāb , Zinab , and Zīnat ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Raisio ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈrɑisio ) ; Swedish : Reso ) is a town and municipality in south - western Finland and an important junction of major roads .
Cape Torokina is a promontory at the north end of Empress Augusta Bay , along the central part of the western coast of Bougainville , in Papua New Guinea .
Saudasjøen Chapel ( Norwegian : Saudasjøen kapell ) is a chapel in Sauda in Rogaland county , Norway .
The Breede River ( Afrikaans : Breederivier ) , also known as Breë River , is a river in the Western Cape Province of South Africa .
Safiabad Agricultural and Horticultural Centre ( Persian : مركزكشاورزي ودامپروري صفي اباد‎ -- Marḵaz Keshāvarzī va Dāmparūrī Safīābād ) is a village and agricultural centre in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Abu Bakar Royal Mosque or Masjid Diraja Abu Bakar is Pahang 's royal mosque which is located in Pekan , Pahang , Malaysia .
San Cristóbal Canton is a canton of Ecuador in the Galápagos Islands archipelago and one of the oldest in this insular geological formation .
Camilo Daza International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional Camilo Daza ) ( IATA : CUC , ICAO : SKCC ) is a civil airport located in Cúcuta , Colombia .
The Nicolaus Copernicus Monument in Kraków ( Polish : Pomnik Mikołaja Kopernika ) is a notable landmark of Kraków , Poland .
Greek National Road 13 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 13 , abbreviated as EO13 ) is a single carriageway road in northern Greece .
The Dartry Mountains are a range in the north west of Ireland .
Stöðvarfjörður ( formerly Kirkjuból ) is a village in east Iceland .
The Milan Passante railway , ( Italian : Passante ferroviario di Milano ) , is an underground railway which runs through Milan , Italy .
Senadole ( pronounced ( sɛnaˈdoːlɛ ) ; Italian : Sinadole ) is a village in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Mbacké is a city in central Senegal , located 190 km ( 118 mi ) east of Dakar .
The Kota Kinabalu City Mosque ( Malay : Masjid Bandaraya Kota Kinabalu ) is the second main mosque in Kota Kinabalu , Sabah , Malaysia , after State Mosque in Sembulan .
Molodohvardiysk ( Ukrainian : Молодогвардійськ , translit . Molodohvardiys’k , Russian : Молодогвардейск , translit . Molodogvardeysk ) is a city in southeastern Ukraine .
Combolcha Airport ( IATA : DSE , ICAO : HADC ) is a new airport serving Kombolcha and Dessie in Ethiopia .
Nongalbibra is a small town in South Garo Hills , Meghalaya , India , famous for its coal mines .
Stepanivka ( Ukrainian : Степанівка ) , sometimes transcribed as Stapanovka ( Russian : Степановка ) , in Ukraine , is the site of an ancient settlement dating to 5000 - 4300 B.C. belonging to the Cucuteni - Trypillian culture .
There are several communities named Bush Lot in Guyana .
Qeris ( Persian : قريس‎ , also Romanized as Qerīs ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arctic Red River Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CES6 ) was a seasonal airstrip adjacent to Arctic Red River , Northwest Territories , Canada on the MacKenzie River and was open from the middle of June until the middle of October .
The Grand Erg Occidental ( Arabic : العرق الغربي الكبير‎ , al-ʿIrq al - Gharbī al - Kabīr ) , ( also known as the Western Sand Sea ) is the second largest erg in northern Algeria after the Grand Erg Oriental .
Isön is a small island in lake Storsjön , Jämtland , Sweden .
Zalun Township ( Burmese : ဇလွန်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Hinthada District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar .
Pasiene ( aka Pasīne or Posīne ) is a settlement in Pasiene Parish , Zilupe Municipality , Latvia .
Buriram Pittayakhom School ( Thai : โรงเรียนบุรีรัมย์พิทยาคม ) is a secondary school located in downtown Buriram Province , Thailand .
Untermosel is a former Verbandsgemeinde ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district Mayen - Koblenz , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Leutra ( Saale ) is the name of two tributary streams of the river Saale in Jena , Thuringia , Germany .
Tebedu ( also known as Tepedu ) is a border town in the Serian division of southwestern Sarawak , Malaysia , on the Indonesia - Malaysia border .
Šentjanž nad Dravčami ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtjaːnʃ nad ˈdɾaːu̯tʃami ) ) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Vuzenica in northern Slovenia .
Bokwang Phoenix Park ( 보광 휘닉스 파크 ) is a ski resort in South Korea .
The Çetin Dam is a rock - fill dam with an asphalt - concrete core , currently being constructed on the Botan River in Siirt Province , Turkey .
The Freiheitshalle is a building in Hof , Germany .
Babashlar ( also , Babashlyar ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Carrefour Laval ( branded `` CF Carrefour Laval '' ) is a super regional mall located in Laval , Quebec , Canada at the intersection of the Laurentian Highway ( A-15 ) and Laval Freeway ( A-440 ) .
Růžená ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈruːʒɛnaː ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Żabiny ( ʐaˈbinɨ ) ( German : Seeben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tromsdalen ( Northern Sami : Romssavággi or Sálašvággi ) is a valley in the city of Tromsø in Troms county , Norway .
L'Haÿ - les - Roses ( pronounced ( lai le ʁoz ) ) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris , France .
Norički Vrh ( pronounced ( nɔˈɾiːtʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the suburbs of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
Bučići is a village in the vicinity of Novi Travnik , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Covilhã Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto de Covilhã ) ( IATA : COV , ICAO : LPCV ) was an airport serving Covilhã , Portugal .
The Maurzyce Bridge over the Słudwia River ( tributary of Bzura ) in Central Poland is the first entirely welded road bridge and the second welded bridge of any category in the world .
Lunavada or Lunawada is a taluka and city in the Mahisagar , former Panchmahal District , in the Northern part of Gujarat state of India .
Oskooh , Zahedan ( Persian : اسکوه‎ ) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Riders Palace is a ski and snowboard hotel in the town of Laax , Switzerland .
Mazargues is a former village and now a neighbourhood of the 9th arrondissement in Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône , France .
Siu Lam Hospital ( Chinese : 小欖醫院 ) , located in Tuen Mun , is the only hospital in Hong Kong providing comprehensive rehabilitation and infirmary services exclusively for patients with severe intellectual disability aged 16 or above .
The Brooker Highway ( sometimes referred to as the Northern Outlet ) is a highway in the State of Tasmania , Australia .
Dishmok ( Persian : ديشموك‎ ; also Romanized as Dīshmok ; also known as Dīshmook and Dīshmūk ) is a city in and the capital of Dishmok District , in Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Samtredia ( Georgian : სამტრედია ) is a town in Imereti , Georgia , lying in a lowland between the rivers Rioni and Tskhenis - Tsqali , 244 km ( 152 mi ) west of Tbilisi , and 27 km ( 17 mi ) west of Kutaisi , the nation 's capital and the second largest city respectively .
The Revash funerary complex is located in Peru 's Santo Tomás District , part of Luya Province , which is approximately 60 km to the south of Chachapoyas .
Konstanz ( pronounced ( ˈkɔnstants ) , locally ( ˈkɔnʃtants ) ; English : Constance , Latin : Constantia ) is a university city with approximately 80,000 inhabitants located at the western end of Lake Constance in the south - west corner of Germany , bordering Switzerland .
Volgograd State Medical University is located in a city called Volgograd which is situated in the southern part of Russia on the west bank of the Volga River .
Monte Alén National Park is located near the center of Equatorial Guinea .
Abakuasimbo is a village in North Kivu in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , one of India 's greatest leaders in the Indian Independence Movement grew up in Karamsad .
Knox Atoll ( Marshallese : Ņadikdik , ( ɳˠɑɑ̯r̪ʲi͡ɯɡ(ɯ͡i)r̪ʲi͡ɯk ) ) is an uninhabited coral atoll of 18 islands in the Pacific Ocean , and is the southernmost atoll of the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands .
Spremberg ( Lower Sorbian : Grodk ) is a city near to the Saxon city of Hoyerswerda in the Spree - Neiße district of Brandenburg , Germany .
Dzbanów ( ˈd͡zbanuf ) ( German : Banau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bardo , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gobind Pura is also the old name of a village ( now Quaid Abad ) located in Tehsil Nowshera Virkan , Gujranwala District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Kuchkam ( Persian : كوچكام‎ , also Romanized as Kūchkām ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wiluna Airport ( IATA : WUN , ICAO : YWLU ) is an airport located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) south south of Wiluna , Western Australia with a two runways ( one sealed and one unsealed ) and landing lights .
Dunavecse is a town and municipality in Bács - Kiskun county in southern Hungary .
Flinsberg is a suburb of Heilbad Heiligenstadt , district of Eichsfeld , Thuringia , Germany .
Bahía Soledad Airstrip was a private dirt airstrip located in Bahía Soledad , a private beach located 30 km south of Ensenada , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , on the Pacific Ocean coast .
Dimaina ( Greek : Δήμαινα ) is a small village with 435 residents in Argolis , Greece .
María Elena Airport ( ICAO : SCNE ) is a public use airport located 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northwest of María Elena , Antofagasta , Chile .
Tarmount is a town and commune in M'Sila Province , Algeria .
Jalan Kuching - Bau , Federal Route and is a federal road in Kuching Division , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Židikai ( Samogitian : Žėdėkā ) is a village in Mažeikiai district municipality , Lithuania .
Yew Tee is an area situated in the north - western part of Singapore .
Besshø ( official form on maps : Besshøe ) , is a mountain in Vågå , Oppland , Norway , and is part of the Jotunheimen mountain range .
Breg pri Polzeli ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːk pɾi ˈpoːu̯zɛli ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia .
Ariha ( Arabic : أريحا‎ , also called Rīḥā , ريحا ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located south of Idlib .
Látrabjarg , is a promontory and the westernmost point in Iceland .
Køge Huskors was the name for a witch trial in the city of Køge in Denmark , which took place in 1608 - -1615 .
Lubok parish ( also known as `` Mukim 1 '' in Malay Mukim Lubok ) is a parish , located in Batu Pahat district of Johor , Malaysia .
Reckahn Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Reckahn , Southwest of Berlin , Germany .
Garmabdar ( Persian : گرمابدر‎ , also Romanized as Garmābdar and Garmābadar ) is a village in Rudbar - e Qasran Rural District , Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Hiunchuli ( हिउँचुली ) is a peak in the Himalayas of central Nepal .
Godewaersvelde is a commune in the Nord department in northern France , near the Belgium border .
Taburao is a village on Abaiang , atoll in Kiribati .
El Cantón de San Pablo is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department , Colombia .
Estanys de Baiau ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əsˈtaɳz də βəˈjaw ) , locally : ( esˈtaɳz de βaˈjaw ) ) is a pair of lakes in Catalonia , Spain approximately 1 kilometre from the border with Andorra .
Kaftanzoglio Stadium ( Greek : Καυτανζόγλειο στάδιο ) is a sports stadium in Thessaloniki , Greece .
Sanjurge is a small rural village in the north of Portugal .
The NED University of Engineering and Technology , is a public research university located in the urban area of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Star Mosque ( Bengali : তারা মসজিদ ; also known as Tara Masjid ) , is a mosque located in Armanitola area , Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The Atlantic Salmon Conservation Foundation ( ASCF ) is a registered charitable organization whose focus is the conservation of wild Atlantic salmon and its habitat in Atlantic Canada and Quebec .
The Cangiani Chapel or Cappella Cangiani is a modern Roman Catholic church in Rione Alto , on via Mariano Semmola in the quartiere Arenella of Naples , Italy .
Shalyar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شاليار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Uraman District , Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Pārogre Station is the only railway station in Latvia , from which the next station ( Ogre Station ) is visible .
The Goldisthal Pumped Storage Station is a pumped - storage power station in the Thüringer Mountains at the upper run of the river Schwarza in Goldisthal , Germany .
Salluyu ( Aymara , salla rocks , cliffs , uyu corral , `` rock corral '' , also spelled Salluyo ) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range at the border of Bolivia and Peru , about 5,650 metres ( 18,537 ft ) high .
Wunstorf Air Base is a German Air Force military air base , located 6 km south - southwest of Neustadt am Rübenberge or 4 km north - northwest of Wunstorf in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Sopotnia Wielka ( sɔˈpɔtɲa ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleśnia , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Sieben Steinhäuser is a group of five dolmens on the Lüneburg Heath in the NATO training area of Bergen - Hohne , in the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany .
Tērvete parish ( Latvian : Tērvetes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Tērvete Municipality , Latvia .
Mosjøen Station ( Norwegian : Mosjøen stasjon ) is a railway station located in the town of Mosjøen in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county , Norway .
Aux Rochers River , in French Rivière aux Rochers ( Rocky River ) , is a river in Sept - Rivières Regional County Municipality , Côte - Nord , Quebec , Canada .
Apacunca Genetic Reserve is a nature reserve in Nicaragua .
Şabanlı ( also , Shabanly ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
La Répara - Auriples ( Occitan : La Reparaa - Auriple ) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France .
Knokke Casino ( French : Casino de Knokke ; Dutch : Casino Knokke ) is a sea - front casino in the town of Knokke , in the administrative community Knokke - Heist , in the province of West Flanders in Flanders , Belgium .
Esenguly ( formerly Gasan - Kuli ) is a town in Turkmenistan , part of the Balkan Province .
Benafti ( Persian : بنافتي‎ , also Romanized as Benāftī ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Sar Shamir Road railway station ( Urdu : سر شامر روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located on Sar Shamir road , Faisalabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
The 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships was held in Glasgow , United Kingdom at The SSE Hydro from 23 October -- 1 November 2015 .
Ljan Church ( Norwegian : : Ljan kirke ) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in the district of Nordstrand in Oslo , Norway .
The Arboretum of Craonne ( French Arboretum de Craonne ) is a 7-hectare arboretum located near Craonne , Aisne , Picardy , France .
Angoumé ( Occitan En Gomèr ) is a commune of the Landes department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Puntaru is a village on Pantar Island in the Alor Regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia .
The Kalimashi 1 mine is a large mine located near the village Kalimash in northern Albania in Kukës County , 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) north - east of the capital , Tirana .
The 1986 World Exposition on Transportation and Communication , or simply Expo 86 , was a World 's Fair held in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada from Friday , May 2 until Monday , October 13 , 1986 .
Agbalépédogan is a northern suburb of Lomé , Togo .
Habana del Este ( Spanish for `` Havana of the East '' or Eastern Havana ) , also spelled La Habana del Este , is one of the 15 municipalities or boroughs ( municipios in Spanish ) forming the city of Havana , Cuba .
The Ellé is a river in the region of Brittany , western France .
Nýrsko ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈniːrsko ) ; German : Neuern ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Subeda is a market center in Jaya Prithvi Municipality of Bajhang District in the Seti Zone of north - western Nepal .
Manama Souq ( Arabic : سوق المنامة‎ ) is the old bazaar ( souq ) of Bahrain 's capital , Manama .
Mecca District is one of four districts of Bomi County , Liberia .
Bernardo de Irigoyen Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Bernardo de Irigoyen , IATA : IRI , ICAO : SATI ) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) east of Bernardo de Irigoyen , Misiones , Argentina .
Tavira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( tɐˈviɾɐ ) ) is a Portuguese city and municipality , situated in the east of the Algarve on the south coast of Portugal .
Agios Kirykos ( Greek : Άγιος Κήρυκος ) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Ikaria , North Aegean , Greece .
Pechory ( Russian : Печо́ры ; Estonian and Seto : Petseri ) is a town and the administrative center of Pechorsky District in Pskov Oblast , Russia .
Bad Flirt is an indie pop band from Montreal , Canada , originally formed as a solo project .
German submarine U-877 was a Type IXC/40 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during the Second World War .
Dodoni ( Greek : Δωδώνη ) is a village and a municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Additionally , in 2005 , Kardinal released his third album , Fire and Glory , on Black Jays through a co - venture with Virgin Music Canada .
The Shuvoyka River ( Russian : Шувойка ) , also known as Suvoya River ( Шувоя ) is a river in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
Lasaki ( laˈsaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Rengit ( 龙引 ) is a town in the Batu Pahat District of Johor , Malaysia .
The Remember Bhopal Museum is a museum in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh , India that commemorates the Bhopal disaster .
Perg is a city in the Austrian state of Upper Austria , capital of the district of the same name .
Fourah Bay College is a public university in the neighborhood of Mount Aureol in Freetown , Sierra Leone .
Platerówka ( platɛˈrufka ) ( German : Ober Linda ) is a village in Lubań County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Boul Mic River is a headwater of the Pârâul Boului in Romania .
Print Radio Tasmania was the first RPH station to go on - air in Australia on 26 June 1982 , originally broadcasting on 1620AM .
The Faschivska coal mine ( Ukrainian : Шахта `` Фащівська '' ) is a large coal mine located in the south - east of Ukraine in Luhansk Oblast .
The Perth Cultural Centre is an area of central Perth , Western Australia centred on the James Street Mall .
Sorkheban - e Olya ( Persian : سرخ بان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Sorkhebān - e `` Olyā ; also known as Sorkhbān ) is a village in Sharvineh Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 67 , in 17 families .
Busdorf ( Danish : Bustrup ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Gouffre Berger is now ranked 28th deepest cave in the world , and the 4th in France .
Restarzew Cmentarny ( rɛsˈtaʐɛf t͡smɛnˈtarnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sontecomapan Lagoon ( Laguna Sontecomapan also Laguna de Sontecomapan ) occupies an alluvial plain in the center of the Sierra de Los Tuxtlas , 18 ° 33′N 95 ° 1′W , in southeast central Veracruz , east central Mexico on the edge of the Gulf of Mexico .
Zanoah ( Hebrew : זָנוֹחַ ) is a moshav in central Israel , adjacent to Beit Shemesh .
Adanim Youth Village ( Hebrew : כפר נוער עדנים‎ , Kfar No'ar Adanim ) is a youth village in the northwestern Negev desert of southern Israel .
Bagh Lingampally has grown into a well known commercial and residential suburb of Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
The Mannerheim Park is a small urban park in Vanhatulli district of Oulu , Finland .
The University of Ngaoundéré ( French : Université de Ngaoundéré ) is a public university located in Ngaoundéré , Adamawa Region in Cameroon .
Şarlawuk ( pronounced : sharlawuck ) is a town in far south - western Turkmenistan in Balkan Province .
Seskar ( Finnish : Seiskari ) ( Russian : Сескар ) is an island in the Gulf of Finland , part of the Leningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Malir River Bridge ( Urdu : ملير ريور برج‎ ) is to date Pakistan 's largest bridge which spans 5,000 metres ( 16,000 ft ) .
The Copenhagen Tunnel is a set of three parallel railway tunnels in the United Kingdom carrying the main line tracks out of London 's Kings Cross terminus under the rising ground at Barnsbury , about a mile north of the station .
Hatzic Island is an island located in the centre of Hatzic Lake , an oxbow lake formation adjoining the Fraser River just east of Mission , British Columbia , Canada .
Muyombe is a rural community town in Mafinga a new district east of Isoka , Zambia , and it is the biggest settlement in the region .
Lago di Poschiavo is a natural lake in the Poschiavo valley in the canton of Grisons , Switzerland .
Barrytown is a town in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
According to the 2001 United Kingdom national census , the Bracon Ash and Hethel Parish covered an area of 9.84 km2 and had a population of 446 people , spread between 171 households ..
Hitachinaka City Stadium is a multipurpose athletic stadium in Hitachinaka , Ibaraki , Japan opened in 1978 .
Nuwara Eliya Racecourse in Nuwara Eliya , Sri Lanka is the only remaining horse racing venue in Sri Lanka .
Darreh Shirin ( Persian : دره شيرين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Shīrīn ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kresnice ( German : Kreßnitz ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Runcorn State High School is a government funded school located in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Tipaza Longwave Transmitter is a Broadcast transmitter of Algeria 's Entreprise nationale de Radiodiffusion sonore .
Duiwenhoks River , located in Western Cape , South Africa , drains the Langeberg Mountains and flows south to the coast , entering the sea west of Mossel Bay in the Southern Cape .
Breiðdalsvík is a young fishing town in Iceland .
Krajná Bystrá ( Rusyn : Крайня Быстра , Hungarian : Bátorhegy ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Poncri Auxiliary Aerodrome is a former airport in Panama .
Hala Stulecia Sopotu ( Polish : 100 Years of Sopot Hall ) is a basketball arena in Sopot , Poland , which hosts the Polish domestic league matches of the professional club Asseco Prokom Gdynia .
Piispajärvi is a medium - sized lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area in Kainuu region , in Finland .
The Huntsman Marine Science Centre ( acronym : HMSC ; previously Huntsman Marine Laboratory ) is located on Lower Campus Road in St. Andrews , New Brunswick , Canada .
Brenner Pass ( German : Brennerpass ( ˈbʁɛnɐpas ) ; Italian : Passo del Brennero ( ˈpasso del ˈbrɛnnero ) ) is a mountain pass through the Alps along the border between Italy and Austria .
Zalissia ( Ukrainian : Залісся ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Quíquel is a rural area in the Dalcahue commune , on Chiloé Island in the Los Lagos Region of Chile .
Lac de Derborence is a mountain lake in the municipality of Conthey , Valais , Switzerland , located near the hamlet of Derborence .
Knodara ( Greek : Κνώδαρα , Turkish : Gönendere ) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus , located 8 km west of Lefkoniko on the mian Nicosia - Trikomo highway .
Just Another Snake Cult is a bizarrely imaginative Icelandic troupe based out of Reykjavík , Iceland .
Salgesch ( French : Salquenen ) is a municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Tagokura Dam ( 田子倉ダム ) is a gravity dam on the Tadami River in Fukushima Prefecture , Japan .
The Canadian Home Builders ' Association ( CHBA ) , founded in 1943 , is the national organization that represents Canada 's residential construction industry .
Dragobraća ( Cyrillic : Драгобраћа ) is a settlement located in the Stanovo municipality , in the Šumadija District of Serbia .
Heliópolis ( or Cidade Nova Heliópolis ) is a favela in the district of Sacomã , in the southeast area of São Paulo , Brazil .
Tugu Keris ( Kris Monument ) is a huge monument in the shape of a kris in Klang , Selangor , Malaysia .
Mingajik ( Mengajīk , Mengeh Jek , Mingajek , Mungajik ) is a village and the center of Mingajik District , Jowzjan Province , Afghanistan .
The Autovía A-76 is a proposed initial upgrade of the N-120 , a highway in northern Spain .
Civitella Marittima is a village in southern Tuscany , in central Italy , administratively part of the municipality of Civitella Paganico , of which it houses the seat .
Pegunungan Bintang Regency , or Bintang Mountains Regency is one of the regencies ( kabupaten ) in Papua province of Indonesia .
Foldnes Church ( Norwegian : Foldnes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Heathcote County was one of the former counties of New Zealand .
Palaikythro ( Greek : Παλαίκυθρο , Turkish : Balıkesir ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 6 km south of Kythrea , on the main Nicosia - Famagusta highway .
According to the Geological Survey of India total reserves ( including proved , indicated and inferred reserves ) of non - coking coal in the Mand Raigarh Coalfield is 18,532.93 million tonnes .
Nofekh ( Hebrew : נֹפֶךְ , נופך ) is a community settlement in central Israel .
Doziny ( dɔˈʑinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kobyłczyce ( kɔbɨu̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mstów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Gündüzqala ( also , Gyunduzkala and Gyundyuzkala ) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jebel Zem - Zem ( Spanish : Monte Sem - Sem ) is the name given to a mountain located north of M'diq below Fnideq in northern Morocco below the Spanish enclave of Ceuta .
Grabino ( ɡraˈbinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kebeloba ( also , Khebel’oba ) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zaminowo ( zamiˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Edificio Olympo is a skyscraper in the city of Santa Cruz on the Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain .
Móricz Zsigmond körtér ( `` Zsigmond Móricz circus '' ) is a square in Budapest , Hungary .
The Reformed Theological College ( RTC ) is the theological college supported by the Christian Reformed Churches of Australia , the Reformed Churches of New Zealand , and the Reformed Presbyterian Church of Australia .
Bronka ( ˈbrɔŋka ) ( Ukrainian : Бронка , Bronka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
San Juan y Todos los Santos ( St John and All Saints ) , also known as Iglesia de la Trinidad ( Trinity Church ) , is a Catholic church located on the Plaza de la Trinidad in Córdoba , Spain .
Enschede Airport Twente ( IATA : ENS , ICAO : EHTW ) is located 2 NM ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) outside of Enschede , Twente , Netherlands .
Keft Kalkhanek ( Persian : كفت كلخنك‎ ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Podstudenec ( pronounced ( pɔtstuˈdɛːnəts ) ) is a small settlement on Black Creek ( Slovene : Črna ) , a tributary of the Kamnik Bistrica River , in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Vysokogorsk ( Russian : Высокого́рск , lit . high mountain ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kavalerovsky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia , located in the Sikhote - Alin Mountains , 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) northeast of the district 's administrative center of Kavalerovo .
Soleyman Aghol ( Persian : سليمان عاقل‎ , also Romanized as Soleymān Āghol ) is a village in Avajiq - e Shomali Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Toulouse Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Étienne de Toulouse ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , located in the city of Toulouse .
Eidstod is the centre of the village Vrådal in Kviteseid municipality , Telemark county , Norway .
The Swiss Vapeur Parc is a miniature park in Le Bouveret , a village on Lac Léman , Switzerland .
Ruboc Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Rubocit , Serbian : Језеро Robovac ) is a very small lake in Kosovo .
Howard S. Billings Regional High School is an English - language public secondary school located in Châteauguay , Quebec , Canada .
The Government High School Urban Area Sahiwal is a public school offering primary and secondary education to Grade 12 , in Punjab , Pakistan .
Məmməduşağı ( also , Mamedushagy ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Avrasya University ( Turkish : Avrasya Üniversitesi ) , is the first private university in Trabzon , of Turkey .
Mazraeh - ye Kurshabad ( Persian : مزرعه كورش آباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kūrshābād ) is a village in Dezh Gah Rural District , Dehram District , Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 157 , in 27 families .
Haykadzor ( Armenian : Հայկաձոր , also Romanized as Aykadzor ; formerly , Koshavank ; until 1930 , Ghzlkilisa ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Midlands State University is a government owned university in Zimbabwe offering courses mainly in the commercial and arts sector .
Tic Toc Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Tic Toc , ICAO : SCHT ) is a public use airport located near Chaitén , Los Lagos , Chile .
Sówka ( ˈsufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Homburg Watchtower ( German : Homburgswarte ) is an observation tower on the site of a Germanic refuge castle ( Fliehburg ) near the Hexentanzplatz above the town of Thale in the Harz Mountains of central Germany .
Founded on November 5 , 1969 , Collège Montmorency is a Francophone public college in Chomedey , Laval , Quebec , Canada , near the Montmorency Metro station .
The Canton of Auchel is one of the cantons of the Pas - de - Calais department , in northern France .
The Tissino River is a small watercourse of eastern Umbria in Italy .
Green Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CBY6 ) is located on Green Lake east of 70 Mile House in the Cariboo region of British Columbia , Canada .
Jumeirah Beach Residence ( also known as JBR ) is a 1.7 kilometres ( 1.1 mi ) long , 2 square kilometres ( 0.77 sq mi ) gross floor area waterfront community located against the Persian Gulf in Dubai Marina in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Stary Dzierzgoń ( ˈstarɨ ˈd͡ʑeʐɡɔɲ ) ( German : Alt Christburg ) is a village in Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lieutenant General Best Barracks ( Dutch : Luitenant - generaal Bestkazerne ) , formerly De Peel Air Base ( Dutch : Luchtmachtbasis De Peel ) , is a Royal Netherlands Army guided missile base in the Netherlands .
Taraqeh ( Persian : طراقه‎ , also Romanized as Tarāqeh ; also known as Torgheh ) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vrsta ( Cyrillic : Врста ) is a village in the municipality of Bihać , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Velikiye Luki Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Великие Луки ) ( IATA : VLU , ICAO : ULOL ) is an airport in Russia located 7 km northeast of Velikiye Luki .
The Jardin des Serres d'Auteuil ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒaʁdɛ̃ de sɛʁ dotøj ) ) is a botanical garden set within a major greenhouse complex located at the southern edge of the Bois de Boulogne in the 16th arrondissement , with entry at 1 avenue Gordon - Bennett , Paris , France .
Temanggung Regency ( Kabupaten Temanggung ) is a regency in the Central Java Province of Indonesia .
The Nevada County Traction Company was an interurban electrified railway in Nevada County , part of the U.S. State of California in the United States of America .
Patardzeuli ( Georgian : პატარძეული ) , is a village in Eastern Georgia , in Sagarejo District , of Kakheti Region , located about 50 kilometers from Tbilisi , the capital .
Prężyna ( prɛ̃ˈʐɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Pyongyang Ice Rink is an indoor ice hockey venue on the bank of Pothong river in Pyongyang , North Korea .
Malmö Academy of Music ( Swedish : Musikhögskolan i Malmö ) is a music conservatory located in Malmö in southern Sweden , and is a part of Lund University .
Tehran ( pronunciation ; Persian : Tehrān -- تهران‎‎ ) is the capital of Iran and Tehran Province .
The Vyoksa River ( Russian : Вёкса ) is a river running in the western part of the Kostroma Oblast in the Central Russia .
Taylor Island ( sometimes referred to as Taylor 's Island ) is the largest in a group of seven islands located between the Eyre Peninsula mainland and Thistle Island in the mouth of Spencer Gulf , South Australia .
Ailtirí na hAiséirghe ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈalʲtʲiːɾʲi na ˈhaʃeːɾʲjə ) , meaning `` Architects of the Resurrection '' ) was a minor radical nationalist and fascist political party in Ireland , founded by Gearóid Ó Cuinneagáin in 1942 .
Klerkegade ( lit . `` Clergy Street '' ) is a street in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Bull Canyon Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , protecting Bull Canyon on the Chilcotin River , which is 7 km ( 4 mi ) below the confluence of the Chilko River with the Chilcotin .
Kazerun Fire temple ( Persian : آتشکده کازرون‎ ) was a Fire temple in Kazerun , Fars Province , Iran .
In the Netherlands , ProRail ( Dutch pronunciation : ( proːˈreːl ) ) is a government task organisation that takes care of maintenance and extensions of the national railway network infrastructure ( not the metro or tram ) , of allocating rail capacity , and of traffic control .
Espoonlahti Church is a Lutheran church situated in Espoonlahti , Espoo , Finland .
Gabowe Grądy ( ɡaˈbɔvɛ ˈɡrɔndɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Chinese High School Clock Tower Building in Singapore is situated in what is now the campus of the integrated Hwa Chong Institution after the merger of The Chinese High School with Hwa Chong Junior College on 1 January 2005 .
Longpré - les - Corps - Saints is a commune in Somme department in Picardy in northern France .
Jet Rescue is a steel launched jet ski roller coaster made by Intamin that opened on 26 December 2008 at Sea World on the Gold Coast , Australia .
Nagytőke is a village in Csongrád county , in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary .
The Vassako Bolo Strict Nature Reserve ( Réserve Intégrale de la Vassako - Bolo ) is an 860-square - kilometre ( 330 sq mi ) nature reserve within Bamingui - Bangoran National Park and Biosphere Reserve in the northern region of the Central African Republic .
Płock Cathedral , or the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Masovia , in Płock , is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Poland , an example of Romanesque architecture .
Wilczanka best wieś(vilˈt͡ʂaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Si Phan Don ( Lao : ສີ່ພັນດອນ ; meaning The 4000 islands ) is a riverine archipelago located in the Mekong River , Champasak Province in southern Laos .
Kolonaki Square ( Greek : Πλατεία Κολωνακίου ) , is located in central Athens , Greece .
Baarlo ( 51 ° 20′N 6 ° 6′E ) ( Limburgish : Baolder ) is a town in the southeastern Netherlands .
Pangri Zampa Monastery is a Buddhist monastery in Bhutan .
Excavations by the Archaeological Survey of India yielded some more Remnants along these Ramateertham hills comprising Buddhist Relics and jaina Figures . This site is now under the maintenance of Archaeological Survey of India , Hyderabad circle .
RSPCA NSW is a not - for - profit charity operating in New South Wales , Australia that promotes animal welfare .
Davlos ( Greek : Δαυλός , Turkish : Kaplıca ) is a village in Cyprus , located on the northern coast , east of Kyrenia , near Kantara Castle .
Koramşalı ( former Kirazlı ) is a village in Mersin Province , Turkey .
Punta El Chiquirín is the easternmost point of the mainland of El Salvador ( not counting the land border with Honduras ) .
Stulno ( ˈstulnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Centre of Sports in Jonava is an indoor sporting center in Jonava , Lithuania .
Emerson 's Brewery Limited is a microbrewery located in Dunedin , New Zealand established in 1993 .
Munyange is a Sub - Location in Mahiga Location of Kenya 's Nyeri County , in the former Central Province .
Chekya - Byas ( Russian : Чекя-Бясь ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , one of two settlements , in addition to Asyma , in Kirovsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
The Choloki River ( Georgian : ჩოლოქი , also Cholok River or Çolok River ) in Georgia forms the border between the autonomous province of Ajaria and the province of Guria .
Moraleja de Matacabras is a municipality located in the province of Ávila within the autonomous community Castile and León , Spain .
Botum Sakor National Park is the biggest national park of Cambodia .
Deh Kahan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ده كهان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Glim ( Arabic : جليم‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
Naqishiat - e Yek ( Persian : نقيشيات يك‎ , also Romanized as Naqīshīāt - e Yek ; also known as Naghīshīāt , Nagh - i - Shiyāt , and Naqshīāt ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rasinja is a settlement and an eponymous municipality in northern Croatia in the Koprivnica--
The Gare de Chépy - Valines ( Chépy - Valines station ) is a railway station located in the commune of Chépy , and near Valines , both in the Somme department , France .
The Leduc Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Devonian ( Frasnian ) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin .
Terebezhi ( Ukrainian : Теребежі ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Castello di Vezio is a castle located nearby Varenna and Perledo , northern Italy .
It gave its name to the former constituency of the United Kingdom Parliament , Glasgow Camlachie .
Changliu Railway Station is a railway station of Hainan Eastern Ring Railway , serving the Changliu township , located in Hainan , People 's Republic of China .
The Aachener Domchor ( Aachen Cathedral Choir ) is the oldest boys ' choir in Germany and one of the oldest in the world .
Dörpling , a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany , was first mentioned in a document in 1320 .
Palaiopyrgos ( Greek : Παλαιόπυργος , `` Old Tower '' , before 1957 : Μποντιά - Bontia or Bodia ) is a village in the municipal unit Levidi , Arcadia in Greece .
Didi Abuli ( Georgian : დიდი აბული ) is one of the highest peak of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the nation of Georgia .
Nanded district ( Marathi : नांदेड जिल्हा ) is a district of Maharashtra state in central India .
Nishiotaki Dam ( Japanese : 西大滝ダム ) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture , Japan .
Krásnohorské Podhradie ( Hungarian : Krasznahorkaváralja ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle - eastern Slovakia .
The Olympia Terminal ( Finnish : Olympiaterminaali , Swedish : Olympiaterminalen ) is a dock in the South Harbour of Helsinki , Finland .
Lelkowo ( lɛlˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Lichtenfeld ) is a village in Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Long Semado ( also known as Semado , Long Semadoh or Long Semabo ) is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Vercelli railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Vercelli ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Vercelli , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
The Deboyne Islands are an atoll , composed of a group of reefs and islands in the north of the Louisiade Archipelago , Papua New Guinea .
The Dubara Palace is located in Kasr EL - Ainy street in the Garden City district in downtown Cairo , Egypt .
Andørja Church ( Norwegian : Andørja kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Ibestad in Troms county , Norway .
Doornkop ( literally `` thorn hill '' ) is a ridge and locality southwest of Johannesburg , close to Krugersdorp , in Gauteng Province , South Africa .
The Municipality of Mirna Peč ( Slovene : Občina Mirna Peč ) is a municipality in southeast Slovenia , located in the traditional region of Lower Carniola .
Mag Ari is a town in the northeastern Nugal region of Somalia .
Saint - Narcisse is a parish municipality located in the regional county municipality ( MRC ) Chenaux , in the administrative region of Mauricie , in the province of Quebec , in Canada .
Waskaganish Airport , ( IATA : YKQ , ICAO : CYKQ ) , is located near the town of Waskaganish , Quebec , Canada .
The Carpathian Flysch Belt is connected to the flysch belt of the Alps ( Rhenodanubian Flysch ) and continues through the territory of Bohemia , Slovakia , Poland , Ukraine and Romania .
Stëblevë ( Macedonian : Стеблево ) is a village and a former municipality in the Elbasan County in eastern Albania .
Peñarroya de Tastavins ( Spanish : ( peɲaˈroʝa ðe tastaˈβins ) ) or Pena - roja ( Catalan : ( ˈpenə ˈrɔʒə ) , locally : ( ˈpena ˈrɔtʃa ) ) is a municipality located in the Matarranya comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Quatre Cocos is a village in the District of Flacq on the East of the island of Mauritius , the main island of the Republic of Mauritius .
Horeke is a settlement in the upper reaches of the Hokianga Harbour in Northland , New Zealand .
Cracroft Caverns , also known as the Cashmere Caverns , are a series of large chambers in the hill of the Cashmere suburb of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Jaun ( French : Bellegarde ) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland .
Tazehabad - e Chomaqestan ( Persian : تازه ابادچماقستان‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Chomāqestān ; also known as Tāzehābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gradiček ( pronounced ( ɡɾaˈdiːtʃək ) ; German : Pergradu ) is a small settlement northwest of Krka in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Moliro is a community in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo beside Lake Tanganyika on the border with Zambia .
The Museum of Fine Arts of Córdoba is a museum founded in 1844 in Córdoba ( Spain ) .
Bullendale is an abandoned mining settlement in Otago , New Zealand .
Bolhrad ( Ukrainian : Болград Bolhrad ; Bulgarian and Russian : Болград Bolgrad ; Romanian : Bolgrad ) , sometimes known as Bolgrad , is a small city in Odessa Oblast ( province ) of southwestern Ukraine , in the historical region of Budjak .
Nowa Dziedzina ( ˈnɔva d͡ʑeˈd͡ʑina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Lac Alfred Wind Project is a wind project developed by EDF EN Canada and owned by EDF EN Canada and Enbridge .
The Ventspils International Radio Astronomy Centre ( Latvian : Ventspils Starptautiskais Radioastronomijas Centrs -- VIRAC ) is an ex - Soviet radio astronomy installation 30 km north of Ventspils , Latvia , on the coast of the Baltic Sea in Ance parish .
Karlovac County ( Croatian : Karlovačka županija ) is a county in central Croatia , with the administrative center in Karlovac .
Springhills is a locality in the central Southland region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Barzaljin ( Persian : برزلجين‎ , also Romanized as Barzaljīn , Borzelajīn , Borzolajīn , Būraz Lājīn , Būrzolājīn , and Būrzūlājīn ) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District , Khorramdasht District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Mala Usora ( English : Little Usora ) is a river in central - northern Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ano Lechonia ( Greek : Άνω Λεχώνια ) is a town in the Magnesia regional unit , Greece .
Sansapor Airfield ( also known as Mar Airfield ) is a former World War II airfield located in the village of Mar , in West Irian Jaya Province , Indonesia .
Grand - Baie ( or sometimes Grand Bay ) is a coastal village in Mauritius located in Rivière du Rempart District , the western part also lies in the Pamplemousses District .
Shur Rud ( Persian : شوررود‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Rūd ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pordim ( Bulgarian : Пордим ) is a town in Pleven Province in central northern Bulgaria and the administrative centre of Pordim municipality .
Heathrow Terminal 3 is an airport terminal at Heathrow Airport , serving London , the capital city of the United Kingdom .
Beyarjomand ( Persian : بيارجمند‎ , Beyārjomand , Bīārjmand , Bīārjomand , and Bīyārjomand ; also known as Beyār ) is a city in and capital of Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Baba Dineh ( Persian : بابادينه‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Dīneh ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kyuyorelyakh ( Russian : Кюёрелях ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Oktyabrsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 68 kilometers ( 42 mi ) from Berdigestyakh , the administrative center of the district .
Kauklahti railway station ( Finnish : Kauklahden rautatieasema , Swedish : Köklax järnvägstation ) is a station on the Helsinki commuter rail network located in Espoo , Finland .
The Pitalkhora Caves , in the Satamala range of the Western Ghats of Maharashtra , India , are an early Buddhist site consisting of 14 rock - cut cave monuments which date back to the third century BCE , making them one of the earliest examples of rock - cut architecture in India .
Abou El Hassan District is a district of Chlef Province , lying situated on the Mediterranean Sea , northern Algeria .
Lanzer See is a lake in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Sansiri is one of the largest real estate developers in Thailand offering a full range of housing units ; single - detached houses , semi - detached houses , townhouses , and condominiums .
Kolonia Łysowa ( kɔˈlɔɲa wɨˈsɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Quillebeuf - sur - Seine is a commune in the north - western part of the Eure department in Haute - Normandie in northern France .
El Lencero Airport ( IATA : JAL , ICAO : MMJA ) is an airport located at Xalapa , Veracruz , Mexico .
Bokhtariyon ( Persian : باختریان‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Bełdów ( ˈbɛu̯duf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Horadiz ( variously Goradiz , Gorodiz , and Geradiz ) is a city and municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Skawahlook First Nation , formerly the Tait Indian Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people whose reserves and communities are located in the Upper Fraser Valley region of British Columbia , Canada , near the community of Ruby Creek , which is at the eastern end of the District of Kent .
The Helpmann Award for Best Direction of an Opera is an award presented by Live Performance Australia ( LPA ) , an employers ' organisation which serves as the peak body in the live entertainment and performing arts industries in Australia .
Hıdırlık Tower ( Turkish : Hıdırlık Kulesi ) is a landmark tower of tawny stone in Antalya , Turkey , where Kaleiçi meets Karaalioglu Park .
Świlcza ( ˈɕfilt͡ʂa ) is a village in Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sado Airport ( Japanese : 佐渡空港 ) ( IATA : SDS , ICAO : RJSD ) is a public aerodrome located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) southwest of Ryōtsu in Sado , Niigata Prefecture , Japan .
Dzoravank ( Armenian : Ձորավանք , also Romanized as Dzoravank '' and Dzoravanq ; formerly , Karakaya and Gharaghaya ) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Meherabad ( meher flourishing : `` abad '' meaning a prosperous settlement , or a flourishing colony ) was originally an ashram established by Meher Baba near Arangaon Village , India in 1923 about 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) south of Ahmednagar .
Yamparáez is the seat of Yamparáez Municipality located in the Yamparáez Province in the Chuquisaca Department of Bolivia .
Valcheta is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina , seat of government of Valcheta Department .
The Chaco National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Chaco ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the province of Chaco .
Meucon ( Breton : Meukon ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Abbottabad Tehsil ( Urdu : تحصیل ایبٹ آباد‎ ) is an administrative subdivision ( tehsil ) of Abbottabad District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Læborg or Laeborg Runestone , listed as DR 26 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone located outside of the village hall or Forsamlinghus in Læborg , which is about 3 kilometers north of Vejen , Denmark .
LMS Center ( Language - Mind - Society Center ) is a centre for the study of language , mind and society established at the Faculty of Arts of the University of Hradec Králové , Czech Republic , EU in 2009 with support from the ESF .
Mohamed Boudiaf International Airport ( IATA : CZL , ICAO : DABC ) , also known as Mohamed Boudiaf Airport , is an airport in Algeria , located approximately 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) south of Constantine ; about 320 kilometres ( 200 mi ) east - southeast of Algiers .
Ras Qartas Energy Plant ( also known as Ras Laffan C power and desalination plant ) is a power generation and water desalination plant located in Ras Laffan Industrial City , Qatar .
Chorzyna ( xɔˈʐɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Cameron Highway is an arterial road in South Australia , connecting Alawoona on the Karoonda Highway to Paruna on the Browns Well Highway .
Sisir Mancha is an auditorium located in A.J.C. Bose Road , Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Verkehrsverbund Rhein - Neckar ( VRN ) is a public transport network covering parts of the German states of Baden - Württemberg , Rhineland - Palatinate and Hesse in south - west Germany .
Ochoża - Pniaki ( ɔˈxɔʐa ˈpɲaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Club Atlético Piraña is a sports club from Parque Patricios , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The school board of the Kaufmännische Schule Tauberbischofsheim is the Main - Tauber - Kreis and the school campuses in Tauberbischofsheim , in Baden - Württemberg , Southern Germany .
Bang Khun Thien Museum ( Also Bang Khun Thian ) is a museum in Bangkok , Thailand .
Sdot Negev Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית שדות נגב‎ , Mo'atza Azorit Sdot Negev , lit . Negev Fields Regional Council ) , formerly known as Azata Regional Council ( Hebrew : מועצה אזורית עזתה‎ , Mo'atza Azorit Azata ) is a regional council in the northwestern Negev desert in the Southern District of Israel .
Unterrheintal District ( German : Bezirk Unterrheintal ) is a former district of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Khvajeh Rowshanai ( Persian : خواجه روشنايي‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Rowshanā’ī ; also known as Khājeh Rowshanā’ī , Khvājeh Roshnai , and Khwāja Roshnai ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The PAL Gaming Network ( PALGN ) was an Australian - based video game news and reviews website that focused on the videogame industry and culture in PAL territories , particularly Australia and the UK .
Khauxas is a small settlement in the Hardap Region of central Namibia .
Nilamel is a town located in Kollam District of Kerala , India .
Langstrand ( Afrikaans and German for `` Long Beach '' , which the town is often called , too , among English - speaking tourists ) is a small beach resort on the Atlantic coast in western Namibia .
Pečje ( pronounced ( pɛˈtʃjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Vašca ( pronounced ( ˈʋaːʃtsa ) ; in older sources also Vašce , German : Waschze ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Marina Sky Towers was a residential complex under construction in the Dubai Marina area , Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Choquequirao ( in hispanicized spelling ) , Chuqi K'iraw or Chuqik'iraw ( Quechua chuqi metal , every kind of precious metal / gold ( < Aymara ) , k'iraw crib , cot , also spelled Choqek'iraw ) is an Incan site in south Peru , similar in structure and architecture to Machu Picchu .
Udzungwa Mountains National Park is a national park in Tanzania with a size of 1,990 km² ( 770 miles² ) .
Sreekanteswaram is a place in Thiruvananthapuram city ( Trivandrum ) , India .
Bikács is a small village in Tolna ( county ) in Hungary .
Mount Lucania is the third highest mountain located entirely in Canada .
Orašje is a town and municipality in the northern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina , located on the river Sava on the border with Croatia .
Yelujeh ( Persian : يلوجه‎ , also Romanized as Yelūjeh and Yellūjeh ; also known as Hija , Ilidzha , Ilija , Īljeh , and Yelījeh ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ternate City ( Indonesian : Kota Ternate ) is the largest town in the province of North Maluku in Indonesia .
Çuxurməhlə ( also , Chukhur - Magla and Chukhurmakhla ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Maungataniwha Range is a volcanic mountain range located halfway between Kaitaia and Okaihau in Northland of New Zealand .
The Cauca River ( Spanish : Río Cauca ) is a river in Colombia that lies between the Occidental and Central cordilleras .
RTV Noord is a regional radio and television public broadcaster in Groningen , the Netherlands .
Pörtschach am Wörthersee ( Slovene : Poreče ) is a municipality in the district of Klagenfurt - Land in Carinthia , Austria .
Ebsdorfergrund is a community consisting of 11 villages in the southeast of Marburg - Biedenkopf district in Hesse , Germany .
Founded in 1918 , The Ubyssey is the largest student - run paper in Western Canada , and the second largest in Canada .
The Scottish Green Party ( Scottish Gaelic : Pàrtaidh Uaine na h - Alba ; Scots : Scots Green Pairty ) is a green , left wing political party in Scotland .
The Kaikorai Stream is a short river which runs through the city of Dunedin , in New Zealand 's South Island .
Finca 63 is a town nearby Río Claro , Costa Rica , located 2 miles south on Costa Rica Highway 14 in Puntarenas Province .
Toporec ( Hungarian : Toporc , German : Topporz ) is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region of north Slovakia .
New Thebes ( Arabic : طيبة الجديدة‎ ) is a city in Red Sea Governorate , Egypt .
Breng is the name of a public transportation concept in the Stadsregio Arnhem - Nijmegen in the Netherlands .
Eidsfos Verk ( English : Eidsfos Iron Works ) was an ironworks located at Eidsfoss in Vestfold , Norway .
The Chapel of Our Lady of Europe ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de Europa ) is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the High Square ( Spanish : Plaza Alta ) of Algeciras ( Spain ) .
Miradź ( ˈmirat͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Arboretum du Puy Chabrol ( 38 hectares ) is an arboretum located near the community of Barsanges , northwest of Meymac , Corrèze , Limousin , France .
The Château de La Palice is a castle , developed into a château , in the commune of Lapalisse in the Allier département of the Auvergne région of France .
Kiryat Gat Railway Station is a station on the Israel Railways lines between Tel Aviv ( and points north ) and Be'er Sheva , serving Kiryat Gat .
Cerro Solo is a large stratovolcano on the border between Argentina and Chile , west of Ojos del Salado .
Progressive Democratic Tribune ( Arabic : جمعية المنبر الديمقراطي التقدمي , jam'iyyat al - minbar ad - dimuqrati at - taqadummi , often referred to as al - Minbar ) is a political outfit launched by returning exiles from the underground communist National Liberation Front - Bahrain in 2001 .
Aiyura is the name of a valley located in the Eastern Highlands of Papua New Guinea .
Rojnai ( Persian : رجنعي‎ , also Romanized as Rojnaʿī ; also known as Rūjneh’ī , Roshanai , Rowshanā’ī , Rowshaneh , and Rowshangān ) is a village in Darmian Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Kästeklippen , often shortened to Käste , is a rocky tor above the Oker valley in the Upper Harz mountains of central Germany .
The Trans - Mongolian Railway follows an ancient tea - caravan route from China to Russia and connects Ulan - Ude , on the Trans - Baikal ( Trans - Siberian ) railway in Russia , with the Chinese city of Jining , by way of Ulaanbaatar in Mongolia .
Avdur ( also , Avdour and Avdurr ) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mokhsogollokh ( Russian : Мохсоголло́х ; Yakut : Мохсоҕоллоох ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Khangalassky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located on the left bank of the Lena River , 24 kilometers ( 15 mi ) from Pokrovsk , the administrative center of the district .
Hølonda Church ( Norwegian : Hølonda kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Steam Brewing Company 's beers have won numerous awards in New Zealand and Australia .
Alberona is an upland village and comune of the province of Foggia and region of Apulia , in southeast Italy .
Sélestat ( pronounced : ( selɛsta ) ; Alsatian : Schlettstàdt ; German : Schlettstadt ) is a commune in the North - East of France .
Iguaçu National Park ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( iɡwaˈsu ) ) is a national park in Paraná State , Brazil .
Čelarevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Челарево ) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
Bergschenhoek ( ( ˌbɛrxsə(n)ˈɦuk ) ) is a town and former municipality in the Netherlands .
Vangsvik Chapel ( Norwegian : Vangsvik kapell ) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county , Norway .
Pico del Caballo , Cerro del Caballo or simply Caballo ( `` horse '' ) is 3,011 m high mountain in the Sierra Nevada , Spain .
Adhurst ( also known as Adhurst St Mary ) is a hamlet in Hampshire , United Kingdom .
Goryachiye Ruchyi ( Russian : Горя́чие Ручьи́ ) was a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in the administrative jurisdiction of the Closed Administrative - Territorial Formation of Alexandrovsk in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at a height of 3 meters ( 9.8 ft ) above sea level .
Weikendorf is a town in the district of Gänserndorf in the State of Lower Austria , in northeast Austria .
New Island ( Spanish : Isla de Goicoechea ) is one of the Falkland Islands , lying north of Beaver Island .
DSR Proteus - Eretes ( Dutch : Delftse Studenten Roeivereniging - Delft Student Rowing Club ) is a student rowing club in Delft , Netherlands , with more than 550 members .
Öttevény is a village in Győr - Moson - Sopron county , Hungary .
Turkmen Agricultural University Named after S.A. Niyazov ( Turkmen : S.A.Nyýazow adyndaky Türkmen oba hojalyk Uniwersitety ) is the largest higher education institution in Turkmenistan .
The R292 road is a regional road in Ireland that runs from Sligo town via Strandhill to Ballysadare , all in County Sligo .
Ban Pla Khao is a village in Tambon Pla Khao , Thailand , 20 kilometres from Amnat Charoen city .
The Our Lady of Kazan Orthodox Cathedral ( Spanish : Catedral Ortodoxa Nuestra Señora de Kazán ) ( Russian : Православный Собор Богоматери Казанской Transliteration : Pravoslavnyĭ Sobor Bogomateri Kazanskoĭ ) , is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located in historic old town of Havana , Cuba , under the jurisdiction of the Russian Orthodox Church .
CAO Central Allocation Office GmbH is the joint auction office allocating cross border electricity transmission capacity for borders between Austria , Czech Republic , Germany , Hungary , Poland , Slovakia and Slovenia .
Inwałd ( ˈinvau̯t ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Royal Pantheon of the House of Braganza ( Portuguese : Panteão Real da Casa de Bragança ) , located in the Monastery of São Vicente de Fora in Lisbon , Portugal , is the final resting place for the majority of the Braganza monarchs of Portugal and their families .
Estakhr - e Posht ( Persian : استخرپشت‎ , also Romanized as Estakhr - e Posht ; also known as Esţalkh Posht ) is a village in Estakhr - e Posht Rural District , Hezarjarib District , Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wielopole Skrzyńskie ( vjɛlɔˈpɔlɛ ˈskʂɨɲskʲɛ ) is a village ( town in 1348 - 1933 ) in Ropczyce - Sędziszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sanga - Sanga is an island in the southwestern Philippines , part of the Sulu Archipelago between the Sulu Sea and Celebes Sea .
The Cachoeira da Fumaça ( `` Smoke Falls '' , once known as `` Glass Falls '' ) is 340 m tall waterfall in Bahia , Brazil .
Radon Labs was a video game developer based in Germany .
Wafangdian ( Chinese : 瓦房店 ; pinyin : Wǎfángdiàn ) , formerly Fuxian or Fu County ( Chinese : 复县 ) , is one of the two `` northern county - level cities '' , the other being Zhuanghe , under the administration of Dalian , located in the south of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
The Manila Thermal Power Plant ( MTPP ) is a decommissioned power plant found in Isla de Provisor , Paco , Manila ( Philippines ) , along the Pasig River .
Ahmad Rasul ( Persian : احمدرسول‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad Rasūl ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Daguessa is a town in the Sila Region of eastern Chad , on Chad 's border with Sudan .
Lagodekhi is in the Kakheti district of Georgia .
Charlottenlund Palace ( Danish : Charlottenlund Slot ) is a former royal summer residence in Charlottenlund , some 10 km north of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Toro sub - region is a region in Uganda that is coterminous with Toro Kingdom in Western Uganda .
Sintiki ( Greek : Σιντική ) is a municipality in the Serres regional unit , Central Macedonia , Greece .
Chippewas of Rama First Nation , also known as Chippewas of Mnjikaning and Chippewas of Rama Mnjikaning First Nation , is an Anishinaabe ( Ojibway ) First Nations reserve located in the province of Ontario in Canada .
Cape Hollman is a headland in the north - central of the island of New Britain , Papua New Guinea , at 4.98333 ° S 150.1 ° E.
Royères ( Occitan : Roiéra ) in a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Basingstoke College of Technology ( BCoT ) is a further education college in Basingstoke , Hampshire , United Kingdom .
Lyutitsa ( Bulgarian : Лютица ) is one of the largest and best preserved castles in the easternmost part of the Eastern Rhodopes , located 3.5 hours ' walk south - west of Ivaylovgrad , in southernmost Bulgaria .
The Godøy Tunnel ( Norwegian : Godøytunnelen ) is a subsea road tunnel which runs between the islands of Giske and Godøy in Giske Municipality , Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Dorset Collegiate ( officially called Dorset Collegiate High School ) is a school in Pilley 's Island , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Sandvík ( pronounced ( ˈsanvʊik ) , Faroese : Sandy Bay ) is the northernmost village of the island of Suðuroy in the Faroe Islands .
Augusta Raurica is a Roman archaeological site and an open - air museum in Switzerland located on the south bank of the Rhine river about 20 km east of Basel near the villages of Augst and Kaiseraugst .
The Toronto Harbour Light is an automated lighthouse at Vicki Keith Point on the Leslie Street Spit in Toronto , Canada .
Ouakam is a commune d'arrondissement in the city of Dakar , Senegal .
Cerro Duida , also known as Cerro Yennamadi , is a very large tepui in Amazonas state , Venezuela .
High Tone is a dub band from Lyon , France .
Domps ( Occitan : Doms ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France .
Sērene Parish ( Latvian : Sērenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District , Latvia .
VIEW Conference is a computer graphics event in Italy and is held yearly in Turin , between October and November .
The Graphex National Design Awards is a biennial competition in Canada to celebrate and showcase the best examples of visual communication design .
Elewijt Castle , also known as `` Castle of Het Steen '' or `` Rubenskasteel '' , is a castle in Elewijt , Belgium , which was owned by Peter Paul Rubens from 1635 to his death in 1640 , and features in some of his paintings .
Kurodani Dam ( Japanese : 黒谷ダム ) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1931 .
The Waitotara River in New Zealand 's North Island stretches approximately 100 km in length from its headwaters in the Matemateaonga Ranges to its mouth on the South Taranaki Bight .
The Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) is a financial regulatory body in the United Kingdom , but operates independently of the UK government , and is financed by charging fees to members of the financial services industry .
Teie is a part of the urban area of Tønsberg , located on the island Nøtterøy , as well as in Nøtterøy municipality , Norway .
Basabari is an area of the town of Bagerhat in southwestern Bangladesh .
CFKS - DT is the V owned - and - operated television station in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada , operating as a de facto semi - satellite of Montreal owned - and - operated station CFJP - DT . It broadcasts a high - definition digital signal on UHF channel 30 from a transmitter in Orford .
Burnaby North Secondary School is the largest secondary school in British Columbia , Canada , as well as the largest in Western Canada .
The Col du Grand Ballon ( elevation 1,343 m ( 4,406 ft ) ) is a mountain pass situated close to the summit of the Grand Ballon ( 1,424 m ( 4,672 ft ) ) in the Vosges Mountains of France .
Martinovo ( Bulgarian : Мартиново ) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria , part of Chiprovtsi Municipality , Montana Province .
Kilmaley ( Irish : Cill Mháille ) is civil parish and a village situated 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) west of the town of Ennis , County Clare , Ireland .
Catoira is a municipality in Galicia , Spain , located in the province of Pontevedra .
Mizoram Presbyterian Church Synod ( Mizoram Presbyterian Kohhran Synod in Mizo ) is the largest Christian denomination in Mizoram , northeast India .
Khosrow Beyk Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خسروبيك‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Milajerd District , Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Heiglkopf , also spelled Heigelkopf , ( 1205 m ) is a mountain near the village of Wackersberg in Upper Bavaria , Germany , close to the Austrian border .
Drapetsona ( Greek : Δραπετσώνα ) is a suburb and a former municipality in the southwestern part of the Athens - Piraeus agglomeration , Greece .
German submarine U-563 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She carried out eight patrols and sank three ships , totalling 14,689 gross register tons ( GRT ) , as well as one warship of 1,870 GRT .
Hasan Ali Darreh Forkh ( Persian : حسنعلي دره فرخ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan ʿAlī Darreh Forkh ) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gəgiran ( also , Gegeran and Gegiran ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Makueni County ( formerly Makueni District ) is a county in the former Eastern Province of Kenya .
Corlough ( Irish : Corr Locha , meaning `` lake of the herons '' ) is a Roman Catholic parish situated in the Barony of Tullyhaw , County Cavan , Ireland .
Žurkov Dol ( pronounced ( ˈʒuːɾkɔu̯ ˈdoːl ) ) is a settlement in the hills above Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Pontoise Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Saint - Maclou de Pontoise ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and national monument of France , located in the town of Pontoise , now on the outskirts of Paris , in the Val d'Oise .
Te Wharekura o Ruatoki is a school in the Eastern Bay of Plenty , New Zealand , serving years 1 through 13 .
Gitgit Waterfall is a waterfall on Bali , Indonesia .
Karvan - e Olya Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كرون عليا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Karvan District , Tiran and Karvan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Podole Wielkie ( pɔˈdɔlɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Podel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Carling Avenue is a major east - west arterial road in the west end of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Mrđenovac ( Serbian : Мрђеновац ) is a village in Serbia .
Coronado ( São Romão e São Mamede ) is a civil parish in the municipality of Trofa , Portugal .
The Crowes railway line was a 2 ft 6 in ( 762 mm ) narrow gauge railway located in the Otway Ranges in south - western Victoria , Australia , running from the main line to Port Fairy at Colac to Beech Forest and later Crowes .
Czarnostów ( t͡ʂarˈnɔstuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Waza National Park ( French : Parc National de Waza ) is a national park in the Department of Logone - et - Chari , in Far North Region , Cameroon .
Gnuni ( Armenian : Գնունի ) was a noble family of old Armenia c. 300 - -800 .
Björlanda is a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Khorma ( Persian : خرما‎ , also Romanized as Khormā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The University of Bonn ( German : Rheinische Friedrich - Wilhelms - Universität Bonn ) is a public research university located in Bonn , Germany .
Marghdari - ye Akarmian Basraha ( Persian : مرغداري اكرميان بصره ائ‎ , also Romanized as Marghdārī - ye Ākarmīān Başrahā '' ) is a village in Neyasar Rural District , Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Estakhru ( Persian : استخرو‎ , also Romanized as Estakhrū ; also known as Estārū ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Strożyska ( strɔˈʐɨska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Nueva Granada Military University ( Spanish : Universidad Militar Nueva Granada ) , also called UMNG , is a public , auto sufficient , national , coeducational university based in the city of Bogotá , Colombia .
Chojnice ( xɔjˈɲit͡sɛ ) ( Kashubian / Pomeranian : Chònice , German : Konitz ) is a town in northern Poland with approximately 40 447 inhabitants ( 2011 ) , near the famous Tuchola Forest and many other natural reservoirs .
Margate Airport is an airport in Margate , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa ( IATA : MGH , ICAO : FAMG ) .
Nassau Castle , located in Nassau , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , was the original seat of the House of Nassau .
Voufrades ( Greek : Βουφράδες ) is a former municipality in Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Annapol ( anˈnapɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lausanne District ( French : District de Lausanne ) is a district in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Invincible Snowfields is a private ski resort near Glenorchy in the South Island of New Zealand .
Metro Axomulco was a planned station that would serve Line 8 and Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro , but due to service issues the station construction was cancelled , leaving instead the Atlalilco station as the correspondence between these lines .
Derviçan ( Greek : Δερβιτσ(ι)άνη , Dervits(i)ani , also known as Dervician ) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality , Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Tilley 's Devine Café Gallery is a well - known café in the suburb of Lyneham in Canberra , Australia .
Brzozowo - Chabdy ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈxabdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Račišće ( pronounced ( rǎtʃiːʃtɕɛ ) ) is a village on the island of Korčula , part of the Dubrovnik - Neretva county in Croatia .
Mirabella Fortress ( Peovica ) is a fortress located above town of Omiš in Split - Dalmatia County , in Dalmatia , Croatia .
Louis Trichardt ( formerly Trichardtsdorp ) is a town at the foot of the Soutpansberg mountain range in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Adjumani is a town in Adjumani District in the Northern Region of Uganda and the site of the district headquarters .
Rybina ( rɨˈbina ) ( German : Fischerbabke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Guider ( sometimes spelled Guidder ) is a city situated in Cameroon 's North Province , close to the border with Chad .
The National Dental Centre of Singapore ( NDC ; Chinese : 国牙科中心 ) is a facility in Singapore for specialist oral healthcare services .
In 2012 , Rio das Flores has launched a 6-year plan to explore the opportunities created by the World Cup 2014 and the 2016 Olympics that are to be hosted in Brazil .
Witbank Dam is a buttress type dam located on the Olifants River in South Africa .
Dubai ( /duːˈbaɪ/ doo - BY ; Arabic : دبي‎ Dubayy , Gulf pronunciation : ( dʊˈbɑj ) ) is the most populous city in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Villa Crespo y San Andrés is a small town or populated centre in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Altheim ( Alb ) is a municipality in the Alb - Donau district , in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Baucau is the second - largest city in East Timor , after Dili , the capital , which lies 122 km east of Dili .
Kuchek Bisheh - ye Mahalleh ( Persian : كوچك بيشه محله‎ , also Romanized as Kūchek Bīsheh Maḩalleh ; also known as Bīsheh Maḩalleh - ye Kūchak ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District , Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Havij ( Persian : هويج‎ , also Romanized as Havīj ) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Douaumont ( French pronunciation : ​(dwomɔ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
NSS College of Engineering Palakkad is one of the earliest engineering educational institutions in Kerala , India .
The Main Suburban railway line is the technical name for the trunk railway line between Redfern railway station and Parramatta railway station in Sydney , Australia , but now generally refers to the section between Redfern and where the Old Main South Line branches off at Granville Junction .
The river Helpe Majeure ( Helpe Major ) runs through the Nord department , in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais Region of France .
Lower Quarry Cascade is a 4 metre high complex ribbon cascade found on private property , ( private without permission to access ) , in Burlington , Ontario , Canada .
Bonar Shadali ( Persian : بنارشهدالي‎ , also Romanized as Bonār Shadālī ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Arevashat ( Armenian : Արևաշատ ) known as Varmaziar until 1946 , is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
The Mergellina Funicular ( Italian : Funicolare Mergellina ) , is a funicular railway line that forms part of the public transport system for the city of Naples , Italy .
The Mailiao Power Plant ( Chinese : 麥寮電廠 ; pinyin : Màiliáo Diànchǎng ) is a coal - fired power plant in Mailiao , Yunlin , Taiwan .
Mieussy is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes Regions of France Mieussy is a traditional unspoiled Alpine farming village in the Vallée du Giffre .
The Ninh Thuận 2 Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant at Vĩnh Hải , Ninh Hải District , Ninh Thuận Province , Vietnam .
Tarnawatka ( tarnaˈvatka ) is a village in Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Aghurabad ( Persian : اغوراباد‎ , also Romanized as Āghūrābād ; also known as Ūghūrābād ) is a village in Ujan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The area known as Rózsadomb ( German : Rosenhügel , Turkish : Gültepe , lit.:``Rose Hill '' ) is a wealthy area of the Buda side of Budapest , the capital of Hungary .
Anzal District ( Persian : بخش انزل‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fariman ( Persian : فريمان‎ ; also Romanized as Farīmān ; also known as Farīmūn ) is a city in and the capital of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Makindye is a hill in Kampala , Uganda 's largest city and capital .
Angyalföld ( German : Engelsfeld ; literally : `` Angel 's Field '' ) is a neighbourhood in Budapest , Hungary .
Aapua is a village in the county of Norrbotten in Sweden .
Villar del Pozo is a municipality in located in the province of Ciudad Real , Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Hurghada International Airport ( IATA : HRG , ICAO : HEGN ) is the international airport of Hurghada in Egypt .
Hajjah ( Arabic : حجة‎ ) is the capital city of Hajjah Governorate in north - western Yemen .
Ľubotice ( Hungarian : Kellemes ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Currently , the Carmañola Americana is the anthem for the Vargas State , Venezuela .
Wola Prosperowa ( ˈvɔla prɔspɛˈrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oporów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Barelang Bridge ( Jembatan Barelang ) is a chain of 6 bridges of various types that connect the islands of Batam , Rempang , and Galang ( Indonesia ) .
Peruc ( German : Perutz ) is a market town in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Banie ( ˈbaɲe ) ( German Bahn ) is a village in Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gudhem is a locality situated in Falköping Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Tapsa ( Pagoda Temple ) and the Stone Pagodas of Mount Mai is a small Korean Buddhist Temple complex found in the Maisan ( Horse Ear Mountain ) in Jinan County , North Jeolla Province , South Korea .
Bogojević Selo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Богојевић Село ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mar del Plata is one of the major fishing ports and the biggest seaside beach resort in Argentina .
The Dusit Residence Dubai Marina also known as the Roshana Tower , is a 35-floor hotel apartment tower with 146 apartments in the Dubai Marina in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Paniri ( Aymara ) is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province , Antofagasta Region , Chile , and near the border with Bolivia .
Charles de Gaulle Plaza is a `` class A '' office building in the Charles de Gaulle Square , Bucharest , Romania .
Hamrahlid College ( Icelandic : Menntaskólinn við Hamrahlíð ) or MH is a public gymnasium ( Icelandic : menntaskóli ) , located in Hlíðahverfi , Reykjavík , Iceland .
The Großer Knechtsand is a large sandbank beyond the Weser and Elbe estuaries ( in the Elbe - Weser Triangle ) in the eastern part of Lower Saxony 's Wadden Sea off the coast of North Germany .
Kfar Yam ( Hebrew : כפר ים‎ ) was a small outpost and one of the Gaza Strip Israeli Settlements abandoned in Israel 's 2005 disengagement plan .
Kara - Kavak ( Uzbek , Uighur and Turkish = Black poplar or Populous nigra L)is a village in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Gujarat Arts & Science College popularly and earlier known as Gujarat College is one of the oldest educational institution of India and second arts and science college of Gujarat , near Ellis Bridge , Ahmedabad .
Ghor University ( Persian : دانشگاه غور‎ ) is located in Ghor province , northern Afghanistan .
FK Dečić ( Cyrillic : ФК Дечић , Albanian : KF Deçiqi ) is a football club from Tuzi , Montenegro , currently competing in the Montenegrin First League .
The Drususstein ( Drusus stone ) is a nearly 20 metres high masonry block of Roman origin on the grounds of the citadel of Mainz , Germany .
Saranti ( Greek : Σαράντη ) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located near Lagoudera .
Ørsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Halden in Østfold county , Norway .
Sau Mau Ping Estate ( Chinese : 秀茂坪邨 ) is one of the earliest public housing estates in Kwun Tong District , New Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Four states in the United States of America and Korea specifically list Adam Smith University as unaccredited .
Częstocin ( t͡ʂɛ̃sˈtɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bidu Bidu Forest Reserve is in the Beluran district in Sandakan Division , Sabah , Malaysia .
Špindlerův Mlýn ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʃpɪndlɛruːv ˈmliːn ) ; German : Spindlermühle ) is a town in the Czech Republic in the Krkonoše .
Eu Tong Sen Street ( Chinese : 余东旋街 ) is a one - way road located in the central part of Singapore in the planning areas of Outram , Singapore River and Bukit Merah .
Masjed Bin Rahi Avqaf ( Persian : مسجدبين راهي اوقاف‎ , also Romanized as Masjed Bīn Rāhī Āvqāf ) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District , in the Central District of Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Tafunsak ( formerly transliterated as Tahfuhnsahk ) is the largest settlement on the island of Kosrae in the Federated States of Micronesia .
The Saba National Marine Park encompasses the waters and sea bed encircling the Caribbean island of Saba , Kingdom of the Netherlands , from the high water mark to 200 feet ( 60 meters ) deep .
Gangotri Glacier ( Sanskrit , Nepali and Hindi : गंगोत्री ) is located in Uttarkashi District , Uttarakhand , India in a region bordering China .
The Ducal Palace of Pastrana ( Spanish : Palacio Ducal de Pastrana ) is a palace located in Pastrana , Spain .
Teater Momentum is a small theatre in Odense , Denmark .
The Hochschule für Musik Saar is a music conservatory located in Saarbrücken , Germany .
Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اشكورسفلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Asbqaran ( Persian : اسبقران‎ , also Romanized as Asbqarān ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Estación Tapia or Tapia is a village or populated centre in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay .
Ligao , often referred to as Ligao City , is a fourth class city in the province of Albay , Philippines , 500 kilometres ( 310 mi ) south - east of Manila .
Almere Poort is a borough ( stadsdeel ) of Almere , Netherlands .
Kosobudz ( kɔˈsɔbut͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Märkische Schweiz Nature Park is a nature park and reserve in the district Märkisch - Oderland , state Brandenburg , Germany .
Räpina ( Võro : Räpinä , German : Rappin ) is a town in Põlva County , Estonia .
Prądno ( ˈprɔndnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Adareh Ghaleh - ye Kuhdasht ( Persian : اداره غله کوهدشت‎ , also Romanized as Ādāreh Ghaleh - ye Kūhdasht ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bishopsworth is the name of both a council ward of the city of Bristol in the United Kingdom , and a suburb of the city which lies within that ward .
Bicol River is the eight largest river in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size with an estimated catchment area of 3,770 km² .
Tazeh Kand Gandomabad ( Persian : تازه كندگندم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand Gandomābād ; also known as Taza - Kend and Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Itacoatiara is one of the 48 official neighborhoods into which the city of Niterói , Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided .
Kangaba is a town and commune and seat of the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south - western Mali .
The Institut Catholique de Paris ( ICP ) , known in English as the Catholic University of Paris ( and in Latin as Universitas catholica Parisiensis ) , is a private university located in Paris , France .
Palak Dil or Pala Tipo ( Mara language for `` swallowing lake '' ) is the largest lake in southern Mizoram , northeast India .
It is the capital of the Province of Catania , and is the second - largest city in Sicily , the tenth in Italy , and the hundredth - largest city in the European Union .
Rancho Magaña Airstrip is a privately owned public - use dirt airstrip located North of San Quintín , Municipality of Ensenada , Baja California , Mexico , just on the East side of the Federal Highway 1 .
Snehatheeram Beach or Love Shore is beach in Thalikulam of Thrissur District in Kerala State of India .
Ain Ebel ( Arabic : ( عين إبل ) ar:عين إبل‎ ) is a village located in the Caza of Bint Jbeil in the Nabatiye Governorate in Lebanon .
Enoteca Pinchiorri is an Italian restaurant in Florence , Italy .
Mazraeh - ye Banak Keshavarzi ( Persian : مزرعه بانك كشاورزي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bānak Keshāvarzī ) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 70 , in 18 families .
International Convention Center Jeju ( ICC Jeju ) opened in 2003 on Jeju Island , South Korea , in the Jungmun Resort near the city of Seogwipo .
Metni Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈmeːtni ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Vojevac ( Cyrillic : Војевац ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Skæring is a suburb of Aarhus in Denmark .
Chitrawan Municipality is a Municipality in Chitwan District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal .
The Palace of Villahermosa ( Spanish : Palacio de Villahermosa ) is a palace located in Madrid , Spain .
The Small Airplane Revitalization Act of 2013 ( H.R. 1848 ) is a bill related to airplane regulations in the United States of America that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress .
Seodaejeon Station , meaning `` West Daejeon Station '' , is on South Korea 's high - speed KTX railway network , 161 km south of Yongsan Station .
Evans Shire was a local government area which encircled the City of Bathurst in New South Wales , Australia .
Struisbaai is a coastal settlement in the Overberg region of South Africa 's Western Cape province .
Slănic ( Romanian pronunciation : ( sləˈnik ) ) is one of the 14 towns of Prahova County , Romania , historically and currently known as a salt extraction center , as well as a spa town , with salt lakes .
Birnin Kebbi is a city located in northwestern Nigeria .
The ICHEC Brussels Management School ( French : Institut Catholique des Hautes Etudes Commerciales ) is an elite Catholic college in Brussels ( Belgium , Europe ) .
Zarrineh - ye Varmazyar ( Persian : زرينه ورمزيار‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīneh - ye Varmazyār ; also known as Zarrīneh ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Jalan Puchong - Petaling Jaya ( Selangor state route ) is a major roads in Klang Valley regions , Selangor , Malaysia
The Geomdeok mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in North Korea and in the world .
Stary Wiązów ( ˈstarɨ ˈvjɔ̃zuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Jasło ( ˈjaswɔ ) ( German : Jassel ) is a county town in south - eastern Poland with 36,641 inhabitants , as of 31 December 2012 .
Chahar Qeshlaq ( Persian : چهارقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Qeshlāq ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Děčínský Sněžník ( German : Hoher Schneeberg ) is a mountain in the Czech Republic and , at 722.8 m ( 2,371 ft ) above sea level , the highest peak in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains .
Kyebando is a neighborhood within Kampala , the capital and largest city in Uganda .
Trier ( German pronunciation : ( ˈtʀiːɐ̯ ) ; Luxembourgish : Tréier ) , formerly known in English as Treves ( French : Trèves , IPA : ( tʁɛv ) ) , is a city in Germany on the banks of the Moselle .
Wat Rong Khun ( Thai : วัดร่องขุ่น ) , perhaps better known to foreigners as the White Temple , is a contemporary , unconventional , privately owned , art exhibit in the style of a Buddhist temple in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Dequey is one of the Batanes Islands , in the province of Batanes , in Luzon Strait , the Philippines .
The Canadian Labour Congress , or CLC ( French : Congrès du travail du Canada or CTC ) is a national trade union centre , the central labour body in English Canada to which most Canadian labour unions are affiliated .
Holy Name Preparatory School is a public primary school located in Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago Originally associated with Holy Name Convent secondary school and Sacred Heart Boys , the school became an independent entity in 1965 .
Ytri - Rangá is a river in Iceland popular for salmon fishing .
Maevatanana is a city and commune urbaine ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in Madagascar .
Daharan ( Persian : دهاران‎ , also Romanized as Dahārān ; also known a Cherāghābād and Dahārūn ) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Meremäe Town Hall ( Estonian : Meremäe vallamaja ) is a building in Estonia , the site of the office of the Meremäe rural municipality .
Qala K'umu ( Aymara qala stone , k'umu hunchback `` stone hump '' , also spelled Ccalacumu , Jalacumu ) is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Tanjung Ringgit is a cape located on the eastern coast line of Lombok Island , Indonesia .
The University of Raparin is a public university in Ranya , in the Sulaymaniyah Governorate of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq .
The University of Caldas ( Spanish : Universidad de Caldas ) , is a public , coeducational , research university based in Manizales , Caldas , Colombia .
The Mogamma ( Arabic : مجمع التحرير , also spelled Mugamma ) is a government building in Cairo , Egypt .
Çaybaşı , formerly Çilader , is a town and district of Ordu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Faleolo International Airport ( IATA : APW , ICAO : NSFA ) is an airport located 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Apia , the capital of Samoa .
Korochansky Uyezd ( Russian : Корочанский уезд ) was one of the uyezds ( administrative units ) of Kursk Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic with its center in Korocha until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities .
Lake Parangi is a small supertrophic ( i.e. saturated in phosphorus and nitrogen , with excessive phytoplankton growth after a few weeks of calm , sunny weather ) , dune - dammed lake 3 km north of Kawhia in the Waikato region of New Zealand .
Ignacio Escudero District is one of eight districts of the province Sullana in Peru , part of the region of Piura .
Jalan Kuala Dungun , or Jalan Haji Zainal Abidin , Federal Route 127 , is a federal road in Terengganu , Malaysia .
Qarah Ayaq ( Persian : قره اياق‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Āyāq and Qarah Ayāq ) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Long Tungan ( also known as Kenyah Jamok ) is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Kayl ( Luxembourgish : Keel ) is a commune and town in south - western Luxembourg .
The Epigraphical Museum ( Greek : Επιγραφικόν μουσείον ) of Athens , Greece , is unique in Greece and the largest of its kind in the world .
Nirab - e Olya ( Persian : نيراب عليا‎ , also Romanized as Nīrāb - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Soleyman Rural District , Soleyman District , Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 225 , in 43 families .
The Pensions Appeal Tribunal was a judicial tribunal in the United Kingdom which had jurisdiction to hear and decide appeals against decisions of the Secretary of State in connection with applications for war pensions by former members of the military services .
Eaglesham ( South ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CGL4 ) is located 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ; 9.2 mi ) south southwest of Eaglesham , Alberta , Canada .
George Pearson Centre is a long term residential care facility located in the Marpole neighbourhood of Vancouver , B.C. , Canada and is currently owned and operated by Vancouver Coastal Health .
Nezlobnaya ( Russian : Незлобная ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Georgiyevsky District of Stavropol Krai , Russia , located 6 kilometers ( 3.7 mi ) from Georgiyevsk , the administrative center of the district .
Rytwiany ( rɨtˈfjanɨ ) is a village in Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ga'ash ( Hebrew : גַּעַשׁ , lit . Storm ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
XXL ( Also called XXL Sport & Villmark ) is a Norwegian sporting goods retailer operating stores in Norway , Sweden and Finland .
Khulin Darreh ( Persian : خولين دره‎ , also Romanized as Khūlīn Darreh ; also known as Kholīn Darreh and Ḩalīn Darreh ) is a village in Estarabad Rural District , Kamalan District , Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Canadian National Police Service ( commonly referred to as the CN Police ) is a private railroad police force protecting the property , personnel , and rail infrastructure of Canadian National Railway in Canada and the United States .
Kurbnesh ( definite Albanian form : Kurbneshi ) is a small town in Lezhë County , Albania .
Waihi is a town in Hauraki District in the North Island of New Zealand , especially notable for its history as a gold mine town .
Albu Shelug ( Persian : ابوشلوگ‎ , also Romanized as Ālbū Shelūg ; also known as Abū Chalāk , Abū Shalūk , and Abū Sholūg ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tsinga or Singa is a village in Indonesia located in Western New Guinea , in the kabupaten of Mimika Regency .
Ipatiev House ( Russian : Дом Ипатьева ) was a merchant 's house in Yekaterinburg where the former Emperor Nicholas II of Russia , his family and members of his household were executed following the Bolshevik Revolution .
Walker Street Cinema was an independently run repertory cinema located at 121 Walker St , North Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Malleco Province is known for having the emblematic Malleco Viaduct and the Las Raíces Tunnel , Chile 's longest tunnel that links the eastern part of Malleco province to the rest of the province .
The Beirut Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة بيروت‎ , Muhāfazat Bayrūt ) is the only Lebanese governorate that consists of one district and one city , Beirut , which is also its capital , and the capital of Lebanon .
Salmiyarvi ( Russian : Сальмиярви , Finnish : Salmijärvi ) is the rural locality ( a Posyolok ) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Perumal Peak or Perumal Malai Peak is a high peak at Kodaikanal in the Perumalmalai hills , that are a part of the greater Western Ghat mountain range in Tamil Nadu , India , having an elevation of 2,440 metres ( 8,005 ft ) .
Bolshaya Sosnova ( Russian : Большая Соснова ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Bolshesosnovsky District of Perm Krai , Russia , located 134 kilometers ( 83 mi ) southwest from Perm .
The Concordiasee ( concordia being Latin for `` harmony '' ) is an artificial lake in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Museums of the Far East ( French : Musées d'Extrême - Orient , Dutch : Musea van het Verre Oosten ) is the name of a complex of three museums in Laken , Belgium dedicated to Oriental art and culture , specifically that of China and Japan .
Chamanlu ( Persian : چمنلو‎ , also Romanized as Chamanlū ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Boa Esperança do Sul is located in the southern - subtropical part of Brazil , at 21 degrees , 59 minutes , 33 second south , and 48 degrees , 23 minutes , 27 seconds west , at an altitude of 490 metres ( 1,610 ft ) , in the internal part of the State of São Paulo .
La Kabylie française was a French language radical socialist weekly newspaper published from Tizi - Ouzou , Algeria .
Banqiao District ( Chinese : 板橋區 ; pinyin : Bǎnqiáo Qū ) is a district and the seat of New Taipei in northern Taiwan .
Dori Dager ( Hindi : ) is a village located in the Jammu district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir , India .
Büregkhangai ( Mongolian : Бүрэгхангай ) is a sum ( district ) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia .
Maja e Papingut is a peak of the Nemërçkë mountain ridge located in the south of Albania , near the Vjosë river .
Petroșani ( Romanian pronunciation : ( petroˈʃanʲ ) ; German : Petroschen ; Hungarian : Petrozsény ) is a city in Hunedoara County , Romania , with a population of 34,331 ( 2011 ) .
The Widderfeld is a mountain in the Emmental Alps , located west of the Pilatus in Central Switzerland .
Olimpijka was an informal name for the remnants of an uncompleted motorway that was under construction in the 1970s in Poland .
Shuwaikh Island ( Arabic : جزيرة الشويخ‎ ) , also known as Akkaz Island , is a former island of Kuwait within Kuwait Bay .
In 1871 Rome became the capital of the Kingdom of Italy , and in 1946 that of the Italian Republic .
Klępnica ( klɛmpˈɲit͡sa ) ( German : Glietzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Stompdrift Dam is a combined multi - arch and gravity type dam located on the Olifants River near De Rust , Western Cape , South Africa .
Ras Al Khaimah Academy is a co - educational school located in Ras al - Khaimah , United Arab Emirates .
The Tel Aviv Performing Arts Center ( TAPAC , Hebrew : המשכן לאומנויות הבמה‎ ) is a performing arts center at King Saul Boulevard in Tel Aviv , Israel .
Kravany nad Dunajom ( Hungarian : Karva ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Baffinland Iron Mines Corporation is working to develop a large open pit iron mine in the Mary River area of Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Kistarcsa ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkiʃtɒɾtʃɒ ) ) is a town in Pest county , Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary .
Paramaribo ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌpaːraːˈmaːriboː ) , nickname : Par′bo ) is the capital and largest city of Suriname , located on banks of the Suriname River in the Paramaribo District .
Saghamo Lake ( Georgian : საღამოს ტბა ) is a lake of Samtskhe - Javakheti , southeastern Georgia , just south of Gamdzani .
Tulice Małe ( tuˈlit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Essingeleden is a motorway that goes from Solna to Stockholm , Sweden , crossing the westmost parts of central Stockholm , by going over Kungsholmen , Lilla Essingen , and Stora Essingen .
Barra del Río Bueno or La Barra is a hamlet ( Spanish : caserío ) located at coast of Osorno Province , southern Chile .
Kolugan ( Persian : كلوگان‎ , also Romanized as Kolūgān ; also known as Golūkān ) is a village in Rudbar - e Qasran Rural District , Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Gazchat ( Persian : گزچات‎ , also Romanized as Gazchāt ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Lichtenfels Forest ( German : Lichtenfelser Forst ) is a forest northwest of the town of Lichtenfels in Upper Franconia in northern Bavaria , Germany .
Oragadam is a town and industrial area located on the outcircuits of Chennai , India .
ANZ Bank Centre is a Premium Grade commercial office building in Sydney , Australia .
Abu Qubays ( Arabic : أبو قبيس‎ also spelled Abu Qobeis , Abu Qubais or Bu Kubais ; also known as Qartal ) is a former medieval castle and currently an inhabited village in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , northwest of Hama .
The Semenic - Cheile Carașului National Park ( Romanian : Parcul Naţional Semenic - Cheile Caraşului ) is a protected area ( national park category II IUCN ) situated in southwest Romania , in Caraş - Severin County .
Nunligran ( Russian : Нунлигран ) is a village ( selo ) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia .
Nogometni Klub Istra 1961 ( English : Istra 1961 Football Club ) , commonly referred to as NK Istra 1961 or simply Istra 1961 , is a football club from Pula , Croatia , currently playing in the Croatian First Division .
As of May 17th , 2014 Defensa y Justicia has been promoted to the Primera Division of the Argentina Football ( the highest level in the country )
Nam Long Hospital ( Chinese : 南朗醫院 ) was a hospital in Hong Kong specializing in cancer treatment that closed in 2003 .
Pichoy Airport ( Spanish : Aeródromo Pichoy ) ( IATA : ZAL , ICAO : SCVD ) is an airport located 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) northeast of Valdivia , a city in the Los Ríos Region of Chile .
Yosorejo is a coastal village in Batang Regency , Central Java , Indonesia .
Polańczyk ( pɔˈlaɲt͡ʂɨk ) ( Ukrainian : Полянчик , Polianchyk ) is a village in Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kose Parish ( Estonian : Kose vald ) is a rural municipality in northern Estonia .
The Old Providence McBean Lagoon National Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Natural Old Providence McBean Lagoon ) is a national park located on the northeast side of Providencia Island in the Archipelago of San Andrés , Providencia and Santa Catalina , Colombia .
Rzadkwin ( ˈʐatkfin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Zhigansk Airport ( IATA : ZIX , ICAO : UEVV ) is an airport serving the urban locality of Zhigansk , Zhigansky District , in the Sakha Republic of Russia .
Ralsko Solar Park is the largest photovoltaic power plant in the Czech Republic while also being one of the 50 largest photovoltaic power plants in the world .
The Marika Kotopouli Museum is a modern art museum in Zografou , Athens , Greece .
Whitehorse Creek is a significant stream in western Alberta , Canada .
Dębia Góra ( ˈdɛmbja ˈɡura ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fetisov Arena ( Russian : Фетисов-Арена ) is an indoor arena located in Vladivostok , Russia .
Ingegerdsleden ( `` the Ingegerd trail '' ) is a pilgrimage route in the province of Uppland in Sweden , between Stockholm Cathedral ( Storkyrkan ) and Uppsala Cathedral ( Uppsala domkyrka ) .
Moti Bagh is official residence to senior civil servants , members and Chairman of the Railway Board , other employees serving in the Government of India and several officers of the Indian Armed Forces .
Gulf of Tehuantepec ( Spanish : Golfo de Tehuantepec ) is a large body of water on the Pacific coast of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec , southwestern Mexico , at 16 ° N 95 ° W. Many ( but not all ) Pacific hurricanes form in or near this body of water .
The Durance ( Durença in Occitan or Durènço in Mistralian ) is a major river in south - eastern France .
The Christchurch Southern Motorway is a motorway to the south - west of Christchurch , New Zealand linking the inner - city suburb of Addington , New Zealand to the southern Christchurch suburb of Hornby , New Zealand .
The Sam Rainsy Party ( Khmer : គណបក្ស សម រង្ស៊ី ; SRP ) is a personalist liberal party in Cambodia .
Pachmarhi is a hill station in Madhya Pradesh state of central India .
Those seeking to reach the port of Veracruz by railroad from Mexico City must travel through Apizaco .
Selvigny is a former commune in the Nord department in northern France , merged in 1972 with Walincourt to create Walincourt - Selvigny
Grodzisk Wielkopolski ( ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk vʲɛlkɔˈpɔlskʲi ) is a town in western Poland , in Greater Poland Voivodeship ( Wielkopolskie ) , with a population of 13,703 ( 2006 ) .
St James the Great , St Kilda East , is an Anglican parish church in the City of Glen Eira , Victoria , Australia .
Whangaruru is a locality and harbour on the east coast of Northland , New Zealand .
Lürən ( also , Lyuran ) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kardeh ( Persian : كارده‎ , also Romanized as Kārdeh ; also known as Chahār Deh ) is a village in Kardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Posankka is a statue located in Turku , Finland .
Bawadi tehsil is a tehsil in Jodhpur District of Rajasthan state in western India .
The Sofiensaal is a concert hall and recording venue located in Vienna , Austria .
Carribie Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Yorke Peninsula of South Australia about 32 kilometres ( 20 mi ) west of Warooka .
Dymitrów Mały ( dɨˈmʲitruf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Skouriotissa ( Greek : Σκουριώτισσα ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus and the site of the former Skourotissa mines .
Causeland railway station ( Cornish : Tir an Buhes ) is an intermediate station 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south of Liskeard on the scenic Looe Valley Line in Cornwall , United Kingdom , which serves the hamlet of Causeland .
Lufu - Toto , formerly known as Cattier after Félicien Cattier , is a locality in the province of Bas - Congo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Fanling Highway ( traditional Chinese : 粉嶺公路 ; simplified Chinese : 粉岭公路 ; pinyin : Fěnlǐng Gōnglù ; Cantonese Yale : fan2 leng5 gung1 lou6 ) is a part of Route 9 in Hong Kong .
The Treaty of Greenville ( 1814 ) was called A treaty of peace and friendship between the United States of America and the tribes of Native Americans called the Wyandots , Delawares , Shawanoese , Senacas and Miamies .
Chak 667/8 GB ( Urdu : چک ۶۶۷/۸ گ ب ) is a small village of Pir Mahal City , Tehsil is Pir Mahal and District is Toba Take Singh in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Vasileia ( Greek : Bασίλεια ; Turkish : Karşıyaka ) is a village in Kyrenia District of Cyprus .
Tarnaszentmária is a village at the foot of the Mátra Mountains in Hungary .
Aviapolis is a business , retail , entertainment , and housing marketing brand area in central Vantaa , Finland , covering roughly 40 square kilometres ( 15 sq mi ) , including Finland 's main airline hub and airport , Helsinki Airport .
North Canberra , also known as the Inner North , is a district of Canberra , the capital city of Australia , comprising 14 suburbs with 21,111 dwellings housing 48,030 people of the 357,222 people in the Australian Capital Territory ( 2011 Census ) .
Thoothukudi Municipal Corporation is a civic body that governs Thoothukudi ( Tuticorin ) city , India .
The Dominican Priory , Viborg , or Blackfriars ( Sortebrødrekloster ) was an important Dominican monastery in Viborg , Denmark , during the Middle Ages .
The Agreement on Internal Trade is an intergovernmental agreement between the federal government and the provinces and territories to reduce and eliminate barriers to free movement of people , goods , services and investments within Canada .
The Cool Climate Oenology and Viticulture Institute ( CCOVI ) at Brock University in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada , was established in 1996 and is a partnership with the Wine Council of Ontario ( WCO ) and the Ontario Grape Growers Marketing Board , now the Grape Growers of Ontario ( GGO ) .
The Computer Science High School of Bicolandia is an information and communication technology high school and a university - administered high school located at Pili , Camarines Sur , Philippines .
Željova ( Serbian : Жељова ) is a village in the municipality of Banovići , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Canton of Guichen is a canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in the southwest of the department .
Tinakula is a conical stratovolcano which forms an island north of Nendo in Temotu Province , the Solomon Islands .
Miholjevine ( Serbian : Михољевине ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pridacha Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Придача ) ( also given as Repnoe , or Voronezh East ) ( ICAO : UUOD ) is an airport in Russia located 5 km east of Voronezh .
Rollag Stave Church ( Norwegian : Rollag stavkirke ) is a stave church in Rollag , Norway .
Foussana ( Arabic : فوسانة‎ ) is a town and commune in the Kasserine Governorate , Tunisia .
Gamalama is a near - conical stratovolcano that comprises the entire Ternate island in Indonesia .
The Katwe craters or Katwe - Kikorongo explosion craters is a group of volcanic craters within Queen Elizabeth National Park in Toro , Uganda .
Kozji Vrh nad Dravogradom ( pronounced ( ˈkoːzji ˈʋəɾx nad ˈdɾaːʋɔgɾadɔm ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia , on the border with Austria .
The Isuledda ( Sardinian for Little Island ) , also called Isola dei Gabbiani ( Italian for Island of Seagulls ) , is an almost - island in northern Sardinia , Italy , facing the Sardinian channel .
The Castle of Clavijo , one of the most famous in the area of La Rioja , Spain , is located on top of an imposing rock , dominating the surrounding land in the municipality of the same name in La Rioja , 15 km from the capital , Logroño .
Costoya is a small city in the municipality of Lalin , Pontevedra , Spain .
Asia Square ( Chinese : 亚洲广场 ; pinyin : Yà Zhōu Guǎng Chǎng ) is a retail and office building located along Marina View at Marina Bay in Singapore .
Novi Bečej ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нови Бечеј ) , is a town and municipality in Central Banat District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Owch Darreh ( Persian : اوچ دره‎ , also Romanized as Ūchdarreh ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hotel Tryp Habana Libre is one of the larger hotels in Cuba , situated in Vedado , Havana .
The United Kingdom local elections , 2013 saw UKIP become the second largest party in Norfolk County Council and the Labour Party third ; toppling the Conservative majority for the first time since 1997 .
Teide National Park ( Spanish : Parque nacional del Teide , pronounced : ( ˈpaɾke naθjoˈnal de ˈtei̯.ðe ) ) is a national park located in Tenerife ( Canary Islands , Spain ) .
The Gimnasio Moderno is a private all - male traditional and liberal , primary and secondary school located in Bogotá , Colombia .
Ølen Church ( Norwegian : Ølen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vindafjord municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Qasr - e Qomsheh ( Persian : قصرقمشه‎ , also Romanized as Qaşr - e Qomsheh ; also known as Kasr - e Gūmīsheh and Qasr - i - Qumisheh ) is a village in Derak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chineke ( Russian : Чинеке ; Yakut : Чинэкэ ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Chernyshevsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) from Vilyuysk , the administrative center of the district .
Saltivka or the Saltivka Massyv ( Ukrainian : Салтiвка ; Russian : Салтовка ) is large residential area located in the northeastern region of Kharkiv in eastern Ukraine .
Toužim ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtou̯ʒɪm ) ; German : Theusing ) is a town in the Czech Republic , upper the river Střela .
The Museu Nacional de Belas Artes ( MNBA , Portuguese for National Museum of Fine Arts ) is a national art museum located in the city of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Podjelše ( pronounced ( pɔdˈjeːu̯ʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement between Mekinje and Godič in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Swargate is a central area of Pune , Maharashtra , India .
Platanar is a volcanic centre in the Cordillera Central ( Costa Rica ) .
Resolute Bay Airport ( IATA : YRB , ICAO : CYRB ) is located at Resolute , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by the government of Nunavut .
Carleton - sur - Mer is the fifth largest town of the Gaspésie 's south shore , in southeastern Quebec , Canada , located on Route 132 , along the Baie des Chaleurs .
The Aldabra Group are part of the Outer Islands of the Seychelles , lying in the southwest of the island nation , 1000 kilometres from the capital , Victoria , on Mahé Island .
Confederation Heights is an area in south Ottawa , Canada , made up of mostly government buildings .
Bruitparif is a non - profit organisation accredited by the région Île - de - France , and the Ministry of Environment to monitor the environmental noise in Île - de - France .
Giglio Castello is a village in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Isola del Giglio , province of Grosseto .
The Komadugu Gana River or Misau River is a river in the Chad Basin in northeastern Nigeria that joins the Yobe River at Damasak , in the Mobbar Local Government Area of Borno State .
The Canton of Guillon is a former canton in the Department of Yonne , France .
The 2015 Buenos Aires ePrix , formally the 2015 FIA Formula E Buenos Aires ePrix was a Formula E motor race held on 10 January 2015 at the Puerto Madero Street Circuit in Puerto Madero , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Shah Alam Expressway , SAE , E5 ( Abbreviation : KESAS , Malay : Lebuhraya Shah Alam ) , is part of a comprehensive network of road links in the Klang Valley , Malaysia .
Nukulaelae is an atoll that is part of the nation of Tuvalu , and has a population ( 2002 census ) of 393 .
Queen 's Quay Terminal is a condominium apartment and shopping mall complex on Queen 's Quay in Toronto , Canada .
Blacktown ISP Oval is a AFL and cricket facility located in Rooty Hill , a suburb in Sydney , Australia .
St. Johann in Tirol is a market town in Tyrol , Austria , in the Kitzbühel district .
Çaldaş ( also , Chaldash ) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The St. Michael School is a secondary school in Barbados .
The Whitesail Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges , located north of Whitesail River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Government College of Women are public Junior Women 's colleges in Pakistan .
Corbeni is a commune in Argeş County , south central Romania .
Lalabad - e Huti ( Persian : لال اباد هوتي‎ , also Romanized as Lālābād - e Hūtī ; also known as Lālābād ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nogokpo is a small village located in the Ketu South Municipal of the Volta Region of Ghana along the Trans--
The Tjeldsund Bridge ( Norwegian : Tjeldsundbrua ) is a suspension road bridge that crosses the Tjeldsundet strait between the mainland and the island of Hinnøya in Troms county , Norway .
Kathleen Island is a steeply cliffed island that lies within Port Davey , an oceanic inlet , located in the south west region of Tasmania , Australia .
Poljavnice ( Cyrillic : Пољавнице ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jazina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јазина ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
White Rock Christian Academy ( W.R.C.A. ) is a Christian private school in Surrey , British Columbia , Canada with a student population of 310 and a staff population of 21 , as well as an ESL School with 12 students and 1 staff member as of September 2006 .
The Higher Education Authority ( HEA ) is the authority in Ireland with responsibility for higher education since 1968 and placed on a statutory basis in 1971 .
The Hamilton Police Service ( HPS ) is the police service of the City of Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Ruotsinsalmi sea fortress is a fortification system in Kotka , Finland .
Guy Nik ( Persian : گوي نيك‎ , also Romanized as Gūy Nīk and Gūynak ) is a village in Raz Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Juliusruh is a village on the northern coast of the island of Rügen in northeastern Germany .
Ławice ( waˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Hansdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
As of 2011 India census , Robertsganj is a Nagar Palika Parishad in district of Sonbhadra , Uttar Pradesh .
Loqueffret ( Breton : Lokeored ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Voghera ( Vogherese dialect of Emilian : Vughera ; Latin : Forum Iulii Iriensium ) is a town and comune of 39400 people located in Lombardy , Italy , in the province of Pavia .
The Battle of Pontvallain was an important battle in the Hundred Years ' War between France and England .
The Feldherrnhalle ( Field Marshall 's Hall ) is a monumental loggia on the Odeonsplatz in Munich , Germany .
Gornji Humac is a village in Croatia on the island of Brač .
The Rupel Formation ( abbreviation : RU ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands that consists of Oligocene marine sands and clays .
Migori County is a county in the former Nyanza Province of southwestern Kenya .
Abbottabad Airport ( IATA : AAW , ICAO : OPAB ) is an airport located near Abbottabad , a city located in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan .
São Mamede de Infesta , or simply Infesta , is a former civil parish in the municipality of Matosinhos in the Greater Porto area , Portugal .
Mount Bintumani ( also known as Loma Mansa ) is the highest peak in Sierra Leone and the Loma Mountains , at 1,945 metres ( 6,381 ft ) .
The 1976 Summer Olympics , officially called the Games of the XXI Olympiad ( French : Les XXIes olympiques d'été ) , was an international multi - sport event in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , in 1976 ; the first Olympic Games hosted by Canada .
Abchuiyeh ( Persian : اب چوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Ābchū’īyeh ; also known as Āb Chūbeh and Āb Chuya ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Liwa Oasis ( Arabic : واحة ليوا‎ , Wāḥḥat Līwā ) is a large oasis area in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Great Andaman is the main archipelago of the Andaman Islands of India .
The Sarganserland is a constituency ( Wahlkreis ) of the canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland , with a population of 36,892 ( as of 2008 ) .
Bogusławów ( bɔɡuˈswavuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sandferhus Station ( Norwegian : Sandferhus holdeplass ) was a railway station on the Nordland Line at Værnes in Stjørdal , Norway .
BCWest Air was a small airline based in Abbotsford , British Columbia , Canada .
Anepuram is a village in the Maripeda mandal in Warangal district , Telangana , India .
Godhra is widely known in India and internationally for being the starting point of the 2002 Gujarat violence .
Enghave Plads is a central public square of the Vesterbro district in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Arckaringa Basin is an endorheic basin in Australia .
The Rufiji River lies entirely within the African nation of Tanzania .
Martinsa - Fadesa , S.A. was one of the main real estate and construction groups of Spain before the crash of the Spanish property bubble .
Circumferential Road 3 is the 3rd Circumferential road in Metro Manila , in the Philippines .
Jalan Penyabong or Jalan Haji Ariffin ( Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia
The Ossolineum or the National Ossoliński Institute ( Polish : Zakład Narodowy i m . Ossolińskich , ZNiO ) is a non - profit foundation located in Wrocław , Poland since 1947 , and subsidized from the state budget .
Simichaur is a town in Resunga Municipality in Gulmi District in the Lumbini Zone of central Nepal .
The peak of Mount Hillaby is the highest point on the Eastern Caribbean island of Barbados .
Lutrowskie ( luˈtrɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Diocese of Helsinki ( Finnish : Helsingin hiippakunta ; Swedish : Helsingfors stift ) is a diocese of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland , and the seat of the Bishop of Helsinki .
Hnyla Lypa ( Ukrainian : Гнила Липа , Polish : Gniła Lipa ) is a river in Ukraine .
The Ryugase Group is a geological formation on Sakhalin Island in far eastern Russia whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous .
Kapelski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈkaːpɛlski ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia .
Pigeon House Mountain ( Aboriginal : Didthul ) is a mountain at an elevation of 720 metres ( 2,360 ft ) AHD on the Budawang Range that is situated within the Morton National Park , located on the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Chojnów Landscape Park ( Chojnowski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in east - central Poland , established in 1993 , covering an area of 67.96553 square kilometres ( 26.24164 sq mi ) .
Lgoczanka ( lɡɔˈt͡ʂanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sèvres ( French pronunciation : ( sɛvʁə ) ) is a commune in the southwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Mikluševci ( Rusyn : Миклошевци ) is a village in Croatia .
Kaunas Mosque or Vytautas the Great Mosque ( Lithuanian : Vytauto Didžiojo Mečetė ) is one of four remaining mosques in Lithuania .
Risøysundet is a strait between the islands of Andøya and Hinnøya in the Vesterålen archipelago in Norway .
Lake Waikareiti , also spelt Lake Waikare Iti , is located in Te Urewera National Park in the North Island of New Zealand .
Kavos ( Greek : Κάβος ) is a seaside village on the island of Corfu in Greece , in the municipal district and the municipality of Lefkimmi .
Qassab Kola ( Persian : قصاب كلا‎ , also Romanized as Qaşşāb Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Omladinski Stadium ( Serbian Cyrillic : Омладински стадион ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Belgrade , Serbia .
Asmild Abbey was a house of Augustinian nuns with a close connection to the Augustinian canons at Viborg Cathedral in north central Jutland , Denmark .
La Flèche Wallonne ( pronounced : ( la flɛʃ walɔn ) , French for `` The Walloon Arrow '' ) is a major men 's professional cycle road race held in April each year in Wallonia , Belgium .
Bohomandji is a village in the Lobaye region in the Central African Republic southwest of the capital , Bangui and near the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Międzyłęż ( mjɛnˈd͡zɨwɛ̃ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Palas de Rei is a town in the province of Lugo , Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Frederiksværk is a town with a population of 12,076 ( 1 January 2015 ) in Halsnæs Municipality on Zealand in Region Hovedstaden in Denmark .
The South Swedish highlands ( Swedish : Sydsvenska höglandet ) is a hilly area covering large parts of Götaland in the southern parts of Sweden .
Łbowo ( ˈwbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sørlandssenteret is among the largest shopping centres in Norway and Northern Europe .
Gonderange ( Luxembourgish : Gonnereng , German : Gonderingen ) is a town in the commune of Junglinster , in central Luxembourg .
Zali Breg ( pronounced ( ˈzaːli ˈbɾeːk ) ) is a small dispersed settlement northeast of Dobrovo in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Umm al Ahrar or Umm al Aḩrār ( Arabic : أم الأحرار‎ ) is a Saharan desert oasis town in the Fezzan region of southwest Libya .
The Indus Basin Project is a water control project that resulted from a treaty , Indus Waters Treaty , signed between India and Pakistan in 1960 that guaranteed that Pakistan would receive water from the Indus River independent from upstream control by India .
Qaqan ( Persian : قاقان‎ , also Romanized as Qāqān ; also known as Borj Qāqān ) is a village in Kuhsar Rural District , in the Central District of Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Lozova Raion ( Ukrainian : Лозівський район ) is a raion in Kharkiv Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
The Institute of Public Accountants ( IPA ) is one of the three legally recognised professional bodies for accountants in Australia .
Fugloyarfjørður is the firth separating Svínoy from Fugloy in the Faroe Islands .
The China National Space Administration ( CNSA ) is the national space agency of the People 's Republic of China .
The Stockholm metro ( Swedish : Stockholms tunnelbana , literally : Stockholm 's Tunnel Rail ) is a metro system in Stockholm , Sweden .
Madiya is a small village situated in the Pool Department ( South Region ) in the Republic of the Congo .
Yablanitsa Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Ябланица ) is a small municipality ( obshtina ) in Lovech Province , Central - North Bulgaria , located in the area of the so - called Fore - Balkan , north of Stara Planina mountain .
Ostrowitko ( ɔstrɔˈvitkɔ ) ( German : Kleinosterwerder ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gabriela Mistral University ( Spanish : Universidad Gabriela Mistral ) is a privately funded university in Santiago , Chile .
The Partido State University is a state university in Partido Area at the province of Camarines Sur , Philippines .
Kagiso is a township situated in the Krugersdorp area west of Johannesburg in Gauteng Province , South Africa .
J - Popcon is the oldest and largest convention in Denmark with focus on anime , manga , cosplay and other aspects of the Japanese popular culture .
Kani Zard ( Persian : كاني زرد‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Zard ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Huntly College is a state - owned school located in the Waikato , New Zealand town of Huntly .
Crib Goch is one of the wettest spots in the United Kingdom , with an average of 4,473 millimetres ( 176.1 in ) rainfall a year over the past 30 years .
Krasnovishersk ( Russian : Краснови́шерск ) is a town and the administrative center of Krasnovishersky District in Perm Krai , Russia , located on the western slopes of the Northern Urals , 315 kilometers ( 196 mi ) north of Perm , the administrative center of the krai .
Putatan is a town and a suburb of Kota Kinabalu in the state of Sabah , East Malaysia .
The Albert Park tunnels are found largely beneath Albert Park , in central Auckland , New Zealand .
Cuneo ( Italian : ( ˈkuːneo ) listen ; Piemontese : Coni ; French : Coni ( kɔni ) ) is a city and comune in Piedmont , Northern Italy , the capital of the province of Cuneo , the third largest of Italy 's provinces by area .
Trutch Island is an island on the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
The Tartagal River is a river in the north of the province of Salta , Argentina .
Betyuntsy ( Russian : Бетюнцы ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Betyunsky Rural Okrug of Amginsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 9 kilometers ( 5.6 mi ) from Amga , the administrative center of the district .
Sånga Church ( Swedish : Sånga kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on Färingsö island , close to Svartsjö Palace in the Diocese of Stockholm in Stockholm County , Sweden .
Daş Salahlı ( also , Aschurly , Dash Salagdi , and Dash - Salakhly ) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan , except for the capital Qazax .
Vincarje ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːntsaɾjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Serra de Crevillent ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈsɛra ðe kɾeviˈʎent ) , Spanish : Sierra de Crevillente ) is a mountain range in the Baetic System , southern Spain .
Jalan Lencongan Barat or Sungai Petani Western Bypass , Federal Route 257 , is a major highway bypass in Sungai Petani , Kedah , Malaysia .
Okinawa Athletic Stadium ( 沖縄県総合運動公園陸上競技場 ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Okinawa , Okinawa , Japan .
Örskär was one of the first lightstations to be built in Sweden .
The Sartang River ( Russian : Сартанг ) is a river in the Republic of Sakha in Russia .
Kasese is a town in the Western Region of Uganda , lying north of Lake George .
The Tahumming River is a river in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada , flowing southeast into Toba Inlet near that inlet 's head .
Qarah Aqaj - e Pain ( Persian : قره اقاج پائين‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Āqāj - e Pā’īn and Qarah Āghāj - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sagres Point ( Ponta de Sagres , Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsaɣɾɨʃ ) , from the Latin Promontorium Sacrum `` Holy Promontory '' ) is a windswept shelf - like promontory located in the southwest Algarve region of southern Portugal .
Pevno ( pronounced ( ˈpeːu̯nɔ ) ; in older sources also Peven , German : Pewen ) is a small village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Six Dravidians were six Tamil Chiefs apparently from the Pandyan Dynasty who ruled the Anuradhapura Kingdom from 436 to 452 .
The Marina Bay Financial Centre ( abbreviation : MBFC ; Chinese : 滨海湾金融中心 ; pinyin : Bīnhǎiwān Jīnróng Zhōngxīn ) is a mixed - use development located along Marina Boulevard and Central Boulevard at Marina Bay , Singapore .
Neve Ilan ( Hebrew : נְוֵה אִילָן , lit . Oasis of Ilan ) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel .
Meiningen is a town in the southern part of the state of Thuringia , Germany .
Covaci Solar Park , which will be one of the world 's largest thin - film photovoltaic ( PV ) power systems , is being built on a 60-hectare ( 148-acre ) plot of land to the north of Timişoara in Romania .
The Västra Nöbbelöv Runestone , listed as DR 278 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Västra Nöbbelöv , which is about 3 kilometers east of Skivarp , Skåne County , Sweden , and was in the historic province of Scania .
Rototuna Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm in the Rototuna Forest in Northland , New Zealand .
Mount Olive Cathedral is a Christian Methodist Episcopal cathedral in Memphis , Tennessee , United States of America .
Omsukchan is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) and the administrative center of Omsukchansky District of Magadan Oblast , Russia , located 576 kilometers ( 358 mi ) north of Magadan .
Birabad ( Persian : بيراباد‎ , also Romanized as Bīrābād ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Depression of Ronda ( Spanish : Depresión de Ronda ; also Hoya de Ronda and occasionally Vega de Ronda ) is a sedimentary basin in the form of a plateau located within the Cordillera Penibética , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
The Melbourne School of Engineering at the University of Melbourne is the oldest engineering faculty in Australia .
Sérent ( Breton : Serent ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Perniki ( pronounced ( pɛɾˈniːki ) ) is a small settlement on the Mežakla Plateau in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Croissant Club de Sig , known as CC Sig for short , is an Algerian football club located in Sig , Algeria , Algeria .
Desenzano del Garda is a town and comune in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy , Italy , on the southwestern shore of Lake Garda .
Askio ( Greek : Άσκιο ) is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Kozani and the eastern part of the Kastoria regional units in northern Greece .
Sośno ( ˈsɔɕnɔ ) is a village in Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Heartland Mall ( Chinese : 心邻坊 ) is a shopping mall in Singapore .
Sar Zanguleh ( Persian : سرزنگوله‎‎ , also Romanized as Sar Zangūleh ; also known as Zangūleh ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lumbier ( Irunberri in Basque language ) is a village in Spain and a municipality of the Chartered Community of Navarre ( Comunidad Foral de Navarra ) , in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , in the north of Spain , 38 km from the capital of the community Pamplona .
Pabbi railway station ( Urdu : پببی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Pabbi village , Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan .
Loncoche ( Mapudungun : head of an important person ) is a city and commune in the Araucanía Region , southern Chile .
Chiren ( Bulgarian : Чирен ) is a village located in northwestern Bulgaria .
Bo Sang ( Thai : บ่อสร้าง ) is a village in San Kamphaeng district in the outskirts of Chiang Mai in northern Thailand .
The Group Bravery Citation is a bronze gilt sprig of wattle , Australia 's floral emblem , positioned in the centre of a silver rectangle .
Bafruiyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بفروئيه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Meybod County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Vianden Castle ( French : Château de Vianden , German : Burg Vianden Luxembourgish : Buerg Veianen ) , located in Vianden in the north of Luxembourg , is one of the largest fortified castles west of the Rhine .
Bużka ( ˈbuʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Malmö Synagogue ( Swedish : Malmö synagoga ) is the only synagogue in Malmö , Sweden .
Qurqurak ( Persian : قورقورك‎ , also Romanized as Qūrqūrak and Qorqūrīk ) is a village in Zahray - ye Pain Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Tagewaldhorn ( Italian : Corno di Tramin ; German : Tagewaldhorn ) is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Gerogery was at the eastern - most extent of nineteenth - century German immigration up the Murray River from South Australia .
Mónosbél is a municipality ( Hungarian : község ) in Heves county , Hungary .
Chehel Hesar ( Persian : چهل حصار‎ , also Romanized as Chehel Ḩeşār ) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chhora is a census town under Andal police station of Durgapur subdivision in Barddhaman district in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Spa of Nuestra Señora de la Palma y del Real ( Spanish : Balneario de Nuestra Señora de la Palma y del Real ) is a spa located in Cádiz , Spain .
Eyn Savleh ( Persian : عين صوله‎ , also Romanized as `` Eyn Şavleh and `` Eyn oş Şūleh ) is a village in Dasht - e Abbas Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 361 , in 67 families .
Lagkadikia ( Greek : Λαγκαδίκια ) is a village located in the regional unit of Thessaloniki , in Greece , north - east of Mount Chortiatis .
Gujarat Solar Park is the name used for a group of solar parks being constructed in Gujarat , India .
Thirunakkara is the name of an area of Kottayam town in Kerala , India .
Mudl ( Persian : مودل‎ , also Romanized as Mūdl ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Iglesia de San Andrés ( Bedriñana ) is a church in the parish of Bedriñana , Asturias , Spain .
Byglandsfjord Station in the village of Byglandsfjord , Norway , was the terminus station for Setesdalsbanen that trafficked the stretch ( Kristiansand- ) Grovane - Byglandsfjord until the track was closed in 1962 .
Lebanese Olympic Committee ( IOC code : LIB ) is the National Olympic Committee representing Lebanon .
Casinum was an ancient town of Italy , probably of Volscian origin .
Ramsau am Dachstein is a municipality in the district of Liezen , state of Styria , Austria .
Montertelot ( Breton : Mousterdelav ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
Bückeburg is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany , on the border with North Rhine Westphalia .
The Amundsen - Nobile Climate Change Tower ( CCT ) is a 34-meter research tower installed in Ny - Ålesund , Svalbard , Norway , for the study of various physical parameters in the boundary layer of the lower troposphere .
The Mahardah Dam , also spelled Mhardeh Dam , is an embankment dam on the Orontes River in the city of Mahardah , Hama Governorate , Syria .
The Poronay River ( Russian : Поронай ) is the longest river on the island of Sakhalin in Russia .
The Italian Chemical Society ( Italian : Società Chimica Italiana ) is the national association in Italy representing the chemical sciences .
Tour du Limousin is a 4-day road bicycle race held annually in Limousin , France .
The University of Szczecin ( Polish : Uniwersytet Szczeciński ) is a public university in Szczecin , western Poland .
Manapad is a coastal village in far south India , 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) from Tuticorin and 18 km ( 11 mi ) south of Tiruchendur .
The County of Auburn is a county ( a cadastral division ) in the Darling Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
Stadionul CPSM since 2002 , is the technical center of national football association of Moldova .
Remada ( Tunisian Arabic : رمادة‎ ) is a town in Tunisia , close to the border with Libya .
Ariha District ( Arabic : منطقة أريحا‎ , translit . manṭiqat Arīh̨ā ) is a district of the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria .
Övertorneå Municipality ( Swedish : Övertorneå kommun , Meänkieli : Matarengi , Finnish : Ylitornion kunta ; sometimes also referred to as Matarengin kunta by northern Finnish press to avoid confusion with the similarly named Finnish municipality Ylitornio ) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden , bordering Finland .
Mount Lichada and Cape Lichada ( Λιχάδα ) is a mountain and cape forming the northwest tip of the island of Euboea , Greece .
The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink ( Romanian : Patinoarul Olimpic Brașov ) is a multi - purpose ice rink in Brașov , Romania .
The Lower Chenab Canal is a canal in Pakistan .
The mission of the Canadian Red Cross is to improve the lives of vulnerable people by mobilizing the power of humanity in Canada and around the world .
Mu Se District ( Burmese : မူစယ်ခရိုင် ) is a district of the Shan State in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Rjavče ( pronounced ( ˈɾjaːu̯tʃɛ ) ; Italian : Eriacci ) is a small village in the hills northwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Brummana ( Arabic : برمانا‎ ) is a town in the Matn District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon .
Vrhpolje pri Kamniku ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ pɾi ˈkaːmniku ) ; German : Oberfeld ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Beginning in 2010 , Bobs & LoLo music videos have aired regularly on Treehouse TV across Canada and Disney Junior ( formerly Playhouse Disney ) across the U.S.
At - Tafilah ( Arabic : الطفيلة‎ ) , also spelled Tafila , is a town with a population of 39,000 people in southern Jordan , located 183 kilometers ( 114 mi ) southwest of Amman .
Firozpur , also known as Ferozepur , is a city on the banks of the Sutlej River in Firozpur District , Punjab , India .
Boubanzegue is a village in the Lobaye region in the Central African Republic southwest of the capital , Bangui .
Oral Ak Zhol Airport ( formerly known as Uralsk Ak Zhol and Podstepnyy during the Soviet era ) ( IATA : URA , ICAO : UARR ) is an airport in Kazakhstan located 12 km ( 7 mi ) southeast of Oral ( Uralsk ) .
Dolné Zahorany ( earlier Maďarské Záhorany ; Hungarian : Hegymeg , earlier Magyarhegymeg ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Hohburg is a former municipality in the Leipzig district in Saxony , Germany .
Santa Pau is a village and municipality in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Al - Raji is a location in Saudi Arabia near al - Najdiyya .
Pyhäsalmi Mine , the second deepest metal mine in Europe ( having depth of 1,444 metres or 4,738 feet ) is located at the Pyhäjärvi municipality in the south of Oulu province , Finland .
Pusar ( Persian : پوسار‎ , also Romanized as Pūsār ; also known as Posa ) is a village in Irandegan Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Reducz ( ˈrɛdut͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Mariina skála , ( German : Marienfels ) is a 428 m rocky hill in the Czech Republic , located in the region of Bohemian Switzerland not far from Jetřichovice ( Dittersbach ) .
Assumption Island is a small island located at 9 ° 45′S 46 ° 29′E in the Indian Ocean north of Madagascar and is part of the country of the Seychelles that have been leased to India .
Brezovica pri Gradinu ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ɡɾaˈdiːnu ) ; Italian : Bresovizza ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the Croatian border .
Fuengirola ( /fʊˌɛnhiˈrɒlə/ fuu - EN - hee - ROL - ə ; Spanish : ( fweŋxiˈɾola ) ) , in ancient times known as Suel and then Suhayl , is a large town and municipality on the Costa del Sol in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Assiniboine Valley Railway ( AVR ) is a private 1:7.5 ( 1.6 `` to the foot ) scale ridable miniature railway located in the community of Charleswood near Assiniboine Park in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Zagrič ( pronounced ( zaˈgɾiːtʃ ) ; formerly Lačni Vrh or Lačenberg , German : Latschenberg ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Čatež in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia .
Ulcinj Airport ( Albanian : Aeroporti Ulqini , Serbian : Aerodrom Ulcinj , Cyrillic : Аеродром Улцињ ) was an airport in the Ulcinj Municipality in Montenegro .
The Route nationale 3 is a trunk road ( nationale ) in France connecting Paris to the frontier of Germany .
Ucheran ( Persian : اوچران‎ , also Romanized as `` Ūcherān ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 234 , in 47 families .
The Landes forest ( La forêt des Landes in French ) or the Landes of Gascony ( las Lanas de Gasconha in the Gascon language ) , in the historic Gascony natural region of southwestern France now known as Aquitaine , is the largest maritime - pine forest in Europe .
Xallanlı ( also , Khailanly , Khallanly , and Khanlanly ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Asoda is a village in Jalgaon District , Maharashtra state in western India , which itself is located on the northern Deccan Plateau .
The Dieringhausen Railway Museum ( Eisenbahnmuseum Dieringhausen ) is a railway history museum in Dieringhausen in the district of Oberbergischer Kreis in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Triewaldsgränd is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Kipalapala is a community in Tanzania close to Tabora .
Dwikozy ( dviˈkɔzɨ ) is a village in Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Derawal Nagar ( Saraiki , Urdu : ڈیریوال نگر , Hindi : डेरावाल नगर ) is a colony in Delhi , India in which people of the Derawal ethnic group reside .
Sonta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сонта ) is a village located in the Apatin municipality , in the West Bačka District of Serbia .
Amyntaio ( Greek : Αμύνταιο ) is a town and municipality in the Florina regional unit of Macedonia , Greece .
Ağva , aka Yeşilçay , is a populated place and resort destination in the Şile district of İstanbul Province , Turkey .
Punrasar Balaji is a holy site dedicated to the Hindu deity Hanuman in Rajasthan , India .
Coal in India was first discovered around Sitarampur .
Skepptuna Church ( Swedish : Skepptuna kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Stockholm County , Sweden .
Rasskazovo ( Russian : Расска́зово ) is a town in Tambov Oblast , Russia , located on the Lesnoy Tambov River ( Tsna 's tributary ) at its confluence with the Arzhenka River 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) east of Tambov .
Kozub ( ˈkɔzup ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sportpark Oberwerth is a sports complex in Koblenz , Germany .
Les Éditions de Minuit was founded by writer and illustrator Jean Bruller and writer Pierre de Lescure ( 1891 - -1963 ) in 1941 in Paris , during the German occupation of northern France ( by November 1942 , German forces occupied all of France ) .
Subic Bay is a bay on the west coast of the island of Luzon in the Philippines , about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of Manila Bay .
The Região das Hortênsias , in English `` Hydrangea Flower Region '' , is a tourist destination in the Serra Gaúcha region of the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
Pinki Hall ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хала Пинки ) is an indoor multi - sports venue located in Belgrade 's municipality of Zemun , Serbia .
Rəncbərlər ( also , Randzhbarlar and Randzhbarlyar ) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sterlibashevo ( Russian : Стерлибашево ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Sterlibashevsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Babylon Fortress ( Coptic : ⲃⲁⲃⲓⲗⲱⲛ , ⲡⲁⲃⲓⲗⲱⲛ ) was an ancient fortress city or castle in the Delta of Egypt , located at Babylon in the area today known as Coptic Cairo .
Quetico Provincial Park is a large wilderness park in Northwestern Ontario , Canada , renowned for its excellent canoeing and fishing .
Podgorje pod Čerinom ( pronounced ( pɔdˈɡoːɾjɛ pɔt tʃɛˈɾiːnɔm ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Cadbury Sixth Form College is a sixth form college in Kings Norton , Birmingham , United Kingdom .
The Rock carvings at Møllerstufossen in Nord - Sinni in Nordre Land municipality in Oppland county of Norway comprise several carvings of moose and one other animal .
Birinci Udullu ( also , Tava , Udula , Uduli , Uduli Pervyye , Udullu Pervoye , Udulu , and Uduly ) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul District of Azerbaijan .
Körfez railway station is located in Atalar Mh , in the Körfez district of Kocaeli Province in Turkey .
Alexandrina Council is a local government area in the Fleurieu and Kangaroo Island region of South Australia .
Warrnambool Institute of Advanced Education was a college of advanced education in Warrnambool , Victoria , Australia .
Mount Samsari ( Georgian : სამსარი ) is a peak of the Abul - Samsari Range in Southern Georgia .
Greifensee Castle ( German : Schloss Greifensee ) is a castle in the municipality of Greifensee and the canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Heletz ( Hebrew : חֶלֶץ ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Arab al - Aramshe ( Arabic : عرب العرامشة‎ , Hebrew : עַרַבּ אל - עַרָמִשָׁה ) , officially Aramsha ( Hebrew : עַרָמִשָׁה , עראמשה ) , is a Bedouin village in the Western Galilee in Israel .
Čezsoča ( pronounced ( tʃɛˈsoːtʃa ) ; Italian : Oltresonzia ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Mount Gimie is the tallest mountain on the island of Saint Lucia .
Karamoullides ( Greek : Καραμουλλήδες , Turkish : Kervanyolu ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) south of Polis .
Thuli Parks and Wildlife Land is a protected area in south - western Zimbabwe .
Fourvière is a district of Lyon , France and also a hill immediately west of the old part of the town , rising abruptly from the river Saône and then gently sloping down to the north - west .
The Nizamat Imambara is a Shia Muslim congregation hall in Murshidabad , India .
Riverstage is an outdoor entertainment venue in Brisbane , Australia .
The Bazhang River , also spelled Pachang River , ( Chinese : 八掌溪 ; pinyin : Bāzhǎng Xī ; Wade -- Giles : Pa1-chang3 Hsi1 ) is a river in Taiwan .
Mazraeh - ye Karmshah Karmi ( Persian : مزرعه كرمشاه كرمي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Karmshāh Karmī ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 29 , in 6 families .
The Windsor Sculpture Park , formerly known as the Odette Sculpture Park , is an open space in Windsor , Ontario , Canada , that shows 31 large - scale contemporary sculptures by world - renowned artists including Elisabeth Frink .
Lake Iijärvi ( Suomussalmi ) is a rather small lake of northern Finland .
Üröm is a village in Pest county , Hungary .
Robotno ( rɔˈbɔtnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Fisterra ( Galician pronunciation : ( fisˈtɛra ) , Spanish : Finisterre ) is a municipality in the province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia , Spain .
Krzeczyn ( ˈkʂɛt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Kritschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tirón River is a river in central - northern Spain in the provinces La Rioja , Burgos and Castile and León .
The Kattang Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales , on the eastern coast of Australia .
Howrik ( Persian : حوريك‎ , also Romanized as Howrīk and Hūrīk ) is a village in Hotkan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bhasha Shaheed Abdus Salam Stadium ( Bengali : ভাষা শহীদ আব্দুস সালাম স্টেডিয়াম ) also known as Shaheed Salam Stadium is a football stadium in Feni , Bangladesh .
Güiria is the capital city of the Valdez Municipality , state of Sucre , Venezuela .
Danish Architecture Centre ( Danish : Dansk Arkitektur Center ) , DAC , is a communication and development centre for architecture in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Monte Consolino is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi range , in the Vallata dello Stilaro of south - western Calabria , in southern Italy .
Barrandov is a neighbourhood in south - west Prague , Czech Republic , located in the cadastral district of Hlubočepy , in Prague 5 .
Svartifoss ( Black Fall ) is a waterfall in Skaftafell in Vatnajökull National Park in Iceland , and is one of the most popular sights in the park .
Sillas River is a non - existent river believed by Megasthenes ( c. 350 BCE-290 BCE ) ( a Greek traveller and geographer who visited India during the third century BCE ) to be flowing in India .
The Anglo Arabic Senior Secondary School , commonly known as Anglo Arabic School , is a co - educational government aided school in New Delhi , India .
Waverley College is affiliated with the Headmasters ' and Headmistresses ' Conference,(6 ) the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia ( AHISA),(7 ) the Junior School Heads Association of Australia ( JSHAA),(8 ) the Australian Boarding Schools ' Association ( ABSA),(3 ) and is a founding member of the Combined Associated Schools ( CAS ) .
Damhus Lake ( Danish : Damhussøen or Damhus Sø ) is a lake located just north of Roskildevej , between Rødovre and Vanløse , in western Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Lynd River is a river located on the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland , Australia .
The SUNTECH Tower ( Suntech @ Penang Cybercity ) is a business tower in Penang , Malaysia .
The Shire of Kilmore was a local government area about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) north of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Abu Zenima ( Arabic : أبو زنيمة‎ ) is a coastal city in South Sinai Governorate , Egypt .
Măureni ( also Morițfeld ; German : Moritzfeld ; Hungarian : Móricföld ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 2,579 people .
Sint Jansbrug ( lit . `` Bridge of Saint John '' ) is a student fraternity in the city of Delft in the Netherlands , founded in 1947 .
Wierzbica - Osiedle ( vjɛʐˈbit͡sa ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
St Mary 's Cathedral , Limerick , also known as Limerick Cathedral , is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Limerick , Ireland which is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary .
Jabłoń ( ˈjabwɔɲ ) is a village in Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
In the July 2003 , approved by the Education Ministry of People 's Republic of China , Jinggangshan Normal University was renamed as Jinggangshan University by joining with Jinggangshan Medicine College and Jinggangshan Vocational Technical College .
Potash City is a small town in Jordan near the southeastern shore of the Dead Sea .
The Thomas More Institute ( TMI ) is a secular academic institution based out of Montreal , Quebec , Canada offering a program of university level studies in the liberal arts .
Sibbesse is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Osizweni is a township in Newcastle , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , situated 24 kilometers from Newcastle CBD .
Gunnarnes Chapel ( Norwegian : Gunnarnes kapell ) is a chapel in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
VTB Ice Palace ( Russian : ВТБ Ледовый дворец ) , formerly known as Legends Arena ( Russian : Арена Легенд ) is an indoor multi - sport venue arena that is located in Moscow , Russia .
The Occitan Party ( Occitan : Partit Occitan ) is a regionalist political party in France .
Xia County or Xiaxian ( Chinese : 夏县 ; Pinyin : Xià Xiàn ) is a county in the northern province of Shanxi in the People 's Republic of China .
Oued Ouea ( alternative names : Oue`a , Ouê``a , We`a , Wê``a ) is a town in the Tadjourah region of Djibouti .
Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology ( MBCET ) , is located in Nalanchira , Trivandrum , Kerala , India .
Gronowo Elbląskie ( ɡrɔˈnɔvɔ ɛlˈblɔ̃skʲɛ ) ( German : Grunau ) is a village in Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Wetterau has a long history and is one of the oldest cultural landscapes in Germany .
The princely state of Ramdurg was one of the non - salute princely states of British India , under the Bombay Presidency , later the Deccan States Agency , founded in 1799 .
Xinavane is a town on the Incomati River , in the Manhiça District of Maputo Province , in Mozambique about 80 kilometres north of Maputo .
The Peak Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , located on the northwest side of the junction of Toodoggone River and Finlay River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
From 1992 to 2001 , Erkelenz station was an InterRegio stop on the route towards eastern Germany ( Aachen -- Chemnitz ) .
Zabojska ( Serbian Cyrillic : Забојска ) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kabud Gonbad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كبودگنبد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Mandapeshwar Caves ( Marathi : मंडपेश्वर गुंफा ) is an 8th Century rock - cut shrine dedicated to Shiva located near Mount Poinsur in Borivali , a suburb of Mumbai in Maharashtra , India .
Keetmanshoop is a city in ǁKaras Region , located in southern Namibia , lying on the Trans - Namib Railway from Windhoek to Upington in South Africa .
Epukiro is a cluster of small settlements in the remote eastern part of the Omaheke Region of Namibia , situated about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northeast of the regional capital Gobabis .
Ehl is a locality in the commune of Sand , close to the town of Benfeld in Alsace , France .
Grč Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈɡəɾtʃ ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement south of Golobinjek in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia .
Louargat ( Breton : Louergad ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
The Northeastern Statistical Region ( Macedonian : Североисточен плански регион ) is one of eight arbitrary statistical regions in the Republic of Macedonia .
Tërrnavicë , ( Albanian : Gurkrypasi Gurkrypas Tërnavicë / Ternavice Tërrnavica / Terrnavica Tërrnavicë / Terrnavice ; Serbian : Трнавица/Trnavica / Trnovica ) is a village near Podujevo , Kosovo .
Ambracia ( /æmˈbreɪʃⁱə/ ; Greek : Ἀμβρακία , occasionally Ἀμπρακία , Ampracia ) , was a city of ancient Greece on the site of modern Arta .
Nieuwkoop ( pronunciation ) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
The 2014 DFB - Pokal Final decided the winner of the 2013 - -14 DFB - Pokal , the 97th season of Germany 's premier football cup .
Koroivos ( Greek : Κόροιβος , before 1955 : Κελεβή - Kelevi ) is a village in the municipal unit of Gastouni , Elis , Greece .
Cangaia de Jegue is a Brazilian band from Jequié , southwest Bahia , Brazil .
Sheringham Shoal Offshore Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm in the United Kingdom by Scira , owned by Statoil and Statkraft with 50 % each .
Dan Khla ( เทศบาลตำบลด่านคล้า ) is a sub - district municipality of Non Sung District , Nakhon Ratchasima Province , Thailand .
The small town of Kakanui lies on the coast of Otago , in New Zealand , fourteen kilometres to the south of Oamaru .
The Museum of the Chapel of Visitation ( French : Museé de la Chapelle de la Visitation ) is an art museum and Roman Catholic chapel in the Monaco - Ville ward of Monaco .
Lishkan ( Persian : ليشكان‎ , also Romanized as Līshkān ; also known as Līshgān ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Templemore railway station is a mainline railway station situated 2 km from the town of Templemore , Ireland .
The Baltic Cable is a HVDC power line running beneath the Baltic Sea that interconnects the electric power grids of Germany and Sweden .
Ibaraki Airport is an airport in the city of Omitama , Ibaraki Prefecture , Japan .
Wola Gręboszowska ( ˈvɔla ɡrɛmbɔˈʂɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gręboszów , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Žerjavin ( pronounced ( ʒɛɾjaˈʋiːn ) or ( ʒɛˈɾjaːʋin ) ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Dolenje Mokro Polje in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia .
Khatunak ( Persian : خاتونك‎ , also Romanized as Khātūnak ) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Etche is a Local Government Area ( LGA ) in Rivers State , Nigeria , named after the Etche ( Echie ) people of Southern Nigeria .
Oermingen ( German : Örmingen ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
Przasnysz County ( Polish : powiat przasnyski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Mivtahim ( Hebrew : מִבְטַחִים , lit . Safe Havens ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Czerwona Wola - Kolonia ( t͡ʂɛrˈvɔna ˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Aggersborg is the largest of Denmark 's former Viking ring castles , and one of the largest archeological sites in Denmark .
Chandalash Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in Kyrgyzstan .
Békásmegyer ( German : Krottendorf ) is a neighbourhood in Budapest , Hungary .
Mount Jim Crow is a trachyte plug that lies between Rockhampton and Yeppoon , Australia .
Tullamarine Bus Lines is a bus operator in Melbourne , Australia .
Krykhivtsi ( Ukrainian : Крихівці ) is a big village at the southwestern edge of Ivano - Frankivsk , in the Western Ukraine .
This site is located on the right bank of Phulki River , about 3 km south - east of Kuntasi village and 30 km from Morbi in Maliya taluka of Morbi District in Gujarat state of India .
Międzybórz ( mʲɛnˈd͡zɨbuʂ ) , also known as Międzybórz Sycowski ( German : Neumittelwalde , until 1886 Medzibor ) , is a town in Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Black Country boroughs form part of the Birmingham metropolitan economy , the second largest in the United Kingdom .
Plankeholmane Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Plankeholmane fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Veitshöchheim station is a regional railway station in southern Germany .
Kronstad Station is a former station at Kronstad in Bergen , Norway opened in 1913 and closed in 1965 .
Krishnapatnam Port is a privately built and owned all weather , deep water port on the east coast of India , located in the Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh .
The Tuscan Archipelago is a chain of islands between the Ligurian Sea and Tyrrhenian Sea , west of Tuscany , Italy .
Because the Low Point Lighthouse was declared surplus by the Canadian Coast Guard in June 2010 ( along with almost all lighthouses in Canada ) , the lighthouse had until May 29 , 2012 to be nominated under the Heritage Lighthouse Protection Act by a group willing to look after it , or the lighthouse would face disposal .
Ambuquí is a city in northern Ecuador and of the Imbabura Province .
The European Union Act 2011 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom , requiring that a referendum be held on amendments of the Treaty on European Union or the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
Chrysavgi is a mountain village in the municipality of Voio , West Macedonia , Greece .
Petarch ( Bulgarian : Петърч ) is a village in Kostinbrod Municipality , Sofia Province , located in western Bulgaria approximately 5 km south - west of the town of Kostinbrod .
Paskuqan is a city and a former municipality in the Tirana County , central Albania .
Nainital Gewog is a former a gewog ( village block ) of Samtse District , Bhutan .
Mustique Airport ( IATA : MQS , ICAO : TVSM ) is a private airfield owned by the Mustique Company , and is located on Mustique island , part of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the Caribbean Sea .
The Sperrgebiet ( German , meaning `` Prohibited Area '' ) ( also known as Diamond Area 1 ) is a diamond mining area in southwestern Namibia , in the Namib Desert .
Fazlagić Tower ( Bosnian : Fazlagića Kula ) is a ruined tower located near Gacko in the east part of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Svirstroy ( Russian : Свирьстрой ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Lodeynopolsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Svir River several kilometers northeast of the town of Lodeynoye Pole .
Kothaimangalam Wetlands are located near to Palani , Tamil Nadu , India .
Okambonde is a village in the northern part of Namibia .
Monalanong Hill is a mountain often considered the highest point of Botswana , with an altitude derived from SRTM data of 1,494 metres ( 4,900 feet ) .
Kiryat Haim ( Hebrew : קריית חיים‎ pronounced ( kiʁˈjat ˈχa.im ) ) is one of the five Krayot suburbs located north of Haifa , Israel .
Mosesetjane village is situated northwest of the town of Mokopane in the Waterberg District of the Limpopo province of South Africa .
The Greifensteine is a rock formation in the Ore Mountains , Germany , between the towns of Geyer , Ehrenfriedersdorf and Jahnsbach .
Nagle College is a Catholic Secondary School in Bairnsdale in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Seongpo - dong ( Hangul : 성포동 ; hanja : 聲浦洞 ) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok - gu , Ansan , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Obrazów ( ɔˈbrazuf ) is a village in Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Przyzórz ( ˈpʂɨzuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nitrica ( Hungarian : Rákosvölgyudvarnok ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Doyo Dam ( Japanese : 土用ダム ) is a rock - fill embankment dam located 6 km ( 4 mi ) north of Shinjō in the Okayama Prefecture , Japan .
This Rigid Empire is a pop rock band from Orillia , Ontario , Canada .
Stružnica ( pronounced ( ˈstɾuːʒnitsa ) ) is a small remote dispersed settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Mornaguia is a town and commune in the Manouba Governorate , Tunisia , located 14 kilometres from Tunis .
Morgedal , of the municipality of Kviteseid in the county of Telemark Norway , is called the cradle of skiing .
The Zelten oil field is not associated with the town Zelten , which is located in the North - West of Libya .
Sahiwal Tehsil is an administrative sub - division ( tehsil ) of Sahiwal District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Maytablı ( also , Mahtablı , Meytablı , Meytabli , and Meytably ) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Trentinara is a town and comune near Paestum in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - western Italy .
Sarmiento Lake is a lake located in Torres del Paine National Park , in the Magallanes Region of southern Chile .
Gadhinglaj is a city and municipality in the Gadhinglaj Taluka , a subdivision of the Kolhapur district , state of Maharashtra , India .
The Maramureș Mountains Natural Park ( Romanian : Parcul Natural Munții Maramureșului ) is a protected area ( natural park category V IUCN ) situated in Romania , in the north part in the Maramureș County .
Yubbe ( also known as Yobe , Yube , Yubeh and Yubbe Tug ) is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
The Apollo 11 Cave is an archeological site in the ǁKaras Region of south - western Namibia , approximately 250 kilometres ( 160 mi ) southwest of Keetmanshoop .
The Südstadion is a football stadium in Cologne , Germany with a 11,748 capacity .
The Sextental is a side valley of the Puster Valley in South Tyrol , Italy and is congruent with the municipality of Sexten .
Simbari Khaleh ( Persian : سيمبري خاله‎ , also Romanized as Sīmbarī Khāleh ; also known as Sīmbar Khāleh and Sīmbar Khāleh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Dinachal Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Falęcice - Wola ( falɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tongaat is a sugarcane growing township in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , that is situated on the banks of the Tongati River about 37 km north of Durban and 28 km south of Stanger .
Trzcianka ( ˈtʂt͡ɕaŋka ) ( German : Schönlanke ) is a town in the Greater Poland region in Poland .
Helgalund , Helgalunden , or Tjurberget , is a neighbourhood on the island Södermalm in Stockholm , Sweden .
Perambra ( Malayalam : പേരാമ്പ്ര ) is a town in Koyilandy taluk of Kozhikode district in North Malabar region of Kerala state , India .
Institute of Agriculture Phases 2 and 3 ( Persian : موسسه فلاحت در فراغت فاز 2 و3‎ -- Mūsaseh Felāḩet Dar Farāghet Fāz Do va Seh ) is a village and institute in Siyakh Darengun Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Monti Ausoni or Ausoni Mountains is a mountain range in southern Lazio , in central Italy .
The Taksin Bridge ( Thai : สะพานสมเด็จพระเจ้าตากสิน ) is a bridge crossing the Chao Phraya river in Bangkok , Thailand .
Port El Kantaoui ( Arabic : مرسى القنطاوي‎ ) is a tourist complex 10 kilometres north of Sousse city in central Tunisia .
Vinger Royal Road ( Eskoleia ) was the historical name of an ancient route in southern Norway .
The Huebra is a river in Spain , that flows from Escurial de la Sierra ( in Salamanca province ) to the river Duero .
Tabakalera is a former tobacco factory in San Sebastián , Spain which was converted into the International Centre for Contemporary Culture of San Sebastián .
Shakhty ( Russian : Шахты ; IPA : ( ˈʂaxtɨ ) ) is a city in Rostov Oblast , Russia , located on the southeastern spur of the Donetsk mountain ridge , 75 kilometers ( 47 mi ) northeast of Rostov - on - Don .
Partnership House is a landmark tower office building in Gosforth , Newcastle upon Tyne , United Kingdom .
Les Fougerêts ( Felgerieg - al - Lann in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Banc Bugeilyn is a hill found in Plynlimon between Aberystwyth and Welshpool in the United Kingdom ; grid reference SN826925 .
The National Park of Upper Niger is a recently gazetted national park in Guinea in northwestern Africa .
Achalla is the capital of Awka North , a Local Government Area in Anambra State , south - central Nigeria .
The Guettioua Sandstone is a geological formation in Morocco .
Dastgerd - e Emamzadeh ( Persian : دستگردامامزاده‎ , also Romanized as Dastgerd - e Emāmzādeh and Dastgerd Emāmzādeh ; also known as Dastgerd and Emāmzādeh Dastgerd ) is a village in Dastgerd Rural District , in the Central District of Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Dayr Hafir District ( Arabic : منطقة دير حافر‎ , translit . manṭiqat Dayr Ḥāfir ) is a district of Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria .
Barnet and Southgate College is a further education college in North London , England in the United Kingdom .
Enonjärvi is a rather small lake of Finland in northern Central Finland , in Karstula and Kannonkoski municipalities .
The Iacobeni mine is a large mine in the north of Romania in Suceava County , 96 km southwest of Suceava and 340 km north of the capital , Bucharest .
Mladá Vožice is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic about 17 km north - east of Tábor .
The work on delineation of entire course of Sarasvati River in North West India was carried out using Indian Remote Sensing Satellite data along with digital elevation model .
Damięty ( daˈmjɛntɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goworowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Marjuneh Sar ( Persian : مرجونه سر‎ , also Romanized as Marjūneh Sar ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ma'tan as - Sarra is an oasis in the Kufra District municipality in the southeast corner of Libya .
The SAFTI Military Institute ( Abbreviation : SAFTI MI ) is a tri - service military training institution for officers of all ranks of the Singapore Armed Forces ( SAF ) .
Imirim is a neighborhood in the northern zone of São Paulo city , State of São Paulo , in Brazil .
Sussex Aerodrome ( TC LID : CCY3 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) southwest of Sussex , New Brunswick , Canada .
Ještěd ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɛʃcɛt ) ; German : Jeschken ) is the highest mountain peak ( 1,012 m ) of the Ještěd - Kozákov Ridge near Liberec in the north of the Czech Republic .
The tidal port is an important fishing center in the region Ponnani is often regarded one of the oldest ports in southern India and is sometimes roughly identified with the port Tyndis of the Roman accounts .
Hiekkaharju railway station ( Finnish : Hiekkaharjun rautatieasema ; Swedish : Sandkulla station ) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in the district of Hiekkaharju in the city of Vantaa , Finland .
The Blue Nile flows generally south from Lake Tana and then west across Ethiopia and northwest into Sudan .
Inglesby , otherwise known as the Francis House , was located in South Yarra , Melbourne , Australia .
Pilam Pastanak ( Persian : پيلام پستانك‎ , also Romanized as Pīlām Pastānak ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
DAESP - Departamento Aeroviário do Estado de São Paulo ( English : Airports Department of the State of São Paulo ) is the department of aviation of the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
The honorary title Pilot - Cosmonaut of the USSR ( Russian : Летчик-космонавт СССР ) was a state award of the Soviet Union presented to all cosmonauts who flew for the Soviet Space Agency .
Dutch Lenten Campaign Foundation is the Roman Catholic aid agency for the Netherlands .
Bristow Helicopters Ltd holds a United Kingdom Civil Aviation Authority Type A Operating Licence , it is permitted to carry passengers , cargo and mail on aircraft with 20 seats or more .
Meridian Junior College ( MJC ) is a junior college in Singapore , offering a two - year course for pre - university students leading up to the GCE ' A ' Level examination .
Vaika islands is a group of islands belonging to the country of Estonia .
Mazraeh - ye Shurjeh ( Persian : مزرعه شورجه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Shūrjeh ) is a village in Qombovan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Corotna ( Ukrainian : Коротне , Korotne , Russian : Коротное , Korotnoye ) is a commune in the Slobozia sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
The Cluster Innovation Centre ( CIC ) ( हिंदी : संकुल नवप्रवर्तन केंद्र ) is a Government of India funded institute established under the aegis of the University of Delhi .
Qurchi , also Kypim , is a major town in Bilchiragh District in the Faryab Province , in northern Afghanistan .
Tynnered is one of 21 boroughs in the city of Gothenburg , Sweden .
Schollach is a town in the Wachau valley in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Morococha is a town in the Morococha District in the Yauli Province of the Junín Region in Peru .
Nedožery - Brezany ( Hungarian : Nádasérberzseny ) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia .
Koya University is located in Koy Sanjaq , near Arbil ( Hewlêr ) , capital of the Erbil Governorate in the Iraqi Kurdistan region of Iraq .
Kuvshinskaya Salma ( Russian : Кувшинская Салма ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in administrative jurisdiction of the closed administrative - territorial formation of Alexandrovsk in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle at the height of 1 meter ( 3 ft 3 in ) above sea level .
Makariv Raion ( Ukrainian : Макарівський район ) is a raion ( district ) in Kiev Oblast of Ukraine .
Paso de Carrasco or Paso Carrasco is a city in the Canelones Department of Uruguay .
The Weihe Viaduct ( German : Weihetalbrücke ) is a bridge of the A 4 motorway near Richelsdorf , Germany .
Palwal district ( Hindi : पलवल जिला ) is the 21st district of Haryana state in northern India .
Glurns ( Italian : Glorenza ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northwest of Bolzano .
Pastavy ( Belarusian : Паставы , Lithuanian : Pastovys , Russian : Поставы , Polish : Postawy ) is a city in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus , an administrative center of Pastavy Raion .
Katrathal is a village in Sikar tehsil of Sikar district in Rajasthan , India .
Most pri Bratislave ( Hungarian : Dunahidas , German : Bruck ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region .
The Dalou Mountains ( simplified Chinese : 大娄山 ; traditional Chinese : 大婁山 ) are a range of limestone mountains running 300 km ( 190 mi ) north east to south west across the Yunnan - Guizhou Plateau spanning Guizhou and Sichuan Provinces , People 's Republic of China .
Eyvanki Industrial Estate ( Persian : شهرك صنعتي ايوانكي‎ -- Shahraḵ - e Şanʿatī Eyvānḵī ) is a company town and village in Eyvanki Rural District , Eyvanki District , Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Jahangir Kandi ( Persian : جهانگيركندي‎ , also Romanized as Jahāngīr Kandī ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wihwa Island ( Korean : 위화도 , Wihwado , Chinese : 威化岛 ) is a river island in the Yalu river , lying on the border between North Korea and China .
Bad Vöslau is a spa town in the Lower Austria federal state of Austria .
Batycze ( baˈtɨt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żurawica , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Istočni Mostar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Источни Мостар ) is a municipality in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mullovka ( Мулловка ) is a village in Ulyanovsk Oblast , Russia .
The Sayavaneswarar Temple is a Hindu temple situated in the village of Thirusaikkadu , near Puhar in Nagapattinam district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Kirène is a small town in western Senegal about 70 km from the capital , Dakar .
Mianhuaping Railway Station is a railway station of Hangchangkun Passenger Railway , located in Guizhou , People 's Republic of China .
Salinas de Ibargoiti ( Getze Ibargoiti in Basque ) , is a little village located in the province of Navarre , Spain .
Tiltil is most known for being an execution place for rebels during Chile 's independence war against Spain .
Birdad ( Persian : بير داد‎ , also Romanized as Bīrdād ; also known as Bīldād and Bīrdā ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Suryathum is a village in the Mareng village development committee of the Arghakhanchi district of western Nepal .
The village of Sengwarden lies north of Wilhelmshaven , Germany .
Sharurah ( Arabic : شرورة‎ ) is a town in Najran Province , Southern Saudi Arabia , approximately 200 miles east of the town of Najran .
Sirogojno is a village in Serbia located on Mt.
Elandskuil Dam is dam on the Swartleegte River , North West , South Africa .
Siah Tir - e Pain ( Persian : سياه تيرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Tīr - e Pā’īn ; also known as Sīāh Tīr and Sīāh Tīreh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Logue Brook Dam is a dam located in the south - west of Western Australia in the Darling Scarp near the town of Yarloop .
Kožbana ( pronounced ( kɔˈʒbaːna ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia , close to the border with Italy .
Ogony ( ɔˈɡɔnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dağ Kəsəmən ( also , Dagkesaman ) is a village and the most populous municipality , except for the capital Ağstafa , in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Commune of Gitega is a commune of Gitega Province in central Burundi .
O'Brians Event Centre is an events hall in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Kadhdhoo Airport ( Maldivian : ކައްދޫ އެއަރޕޯޓް ) ( IATA : KDO , ICAO : VRMK ) is a domestic airport located on the island of Kadhdhoo in Laamu Atoll , Maldives .
Moskenesøya ( lit . Moskenes Island ) is an island at the southern end of the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county , Norway .
Guardia Piemontese ( Occitan : La Gàrdia ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza and the region of Calabria in southern Italy .
Alebtong , sometimes spelled Alebtongo , is a town in the Northern Region of Uganda .
Mateřinka ( a special Czech term , which means a play for children at the pre - school age ) is a biennial festival of professional puppet theatre for children of the pre - school age organized by the Naivní divadlo theatre in Liberec , Czech Republic .
Pavilhão Rosa Mota is an arena in Porto , Portugal .
Wólka Łamana ( ˈvulka waˈmana ) ( Ukrainian : Вілька Ламана , Vil’ka Lamana ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuryłówka , within Leżajsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Finnish National Board of Antiquities ( Finnish : Museovirasto , Swedish : Museiverket ) preserves Finland 's material cultural heritage : collects , studies and distributes knowledge of it .
Kani Pankeh Qajer ( Persian : كاني پانكه قاجر‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Pānkeh Qājer ; also known as Kāni Panka , Kānī Pānkeh , Kānī Pankeh - ye Tājer , and Kānī Ponkeh Tājer ) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Seonam Temple , or Seonamsa , is a Korean Buddhist temple on the eastern slope at the west end of Mount Jogye ( Jogyesan ) Provincial Park , within the northern Seungjumyeon District of the city of Suncheon , Jeollanamdo Province , South Korea .
Itanos ( Greek : Ίτανος ) is a former municipality in the Lasithi regional unit , eastern Crete , Greece .
St. Henry 's College Kitovu ( SHACK ) , is a boys - only government - aided boarding middle and high school in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Muqlus or Mqlos ( Arabic : مقلس‎ , also spelled Mqlos , Mukloss or Muklis ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located about 40 kilometers west of Homs .
As of the 2001 India census , Sidhi had a population of 45,664 with males constituting 54 % of the population , females 46 % .
Al Ain Oasis is the largest oasis in the city of Al Ain , within the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , the United Arab Emirates .
Transit New Zealand signalled a long term intention in 2004 to realign SH1 in the vicinity of Leith Saddle ; construction would require removal of some old - growth forest .
Lawa Antino Airstrip ( ICAO : SMAN ) is an airstrip located near Antino on the Lawa border river between Suriname & French Guiana and six miles west of the gold mining village of Benzdorp in Suriname .
AMI - télé is licensed by the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) as a Category A `` must - carry '' service ; it must be carried on the lowest level of service by all licensed digital cable , satellite television , and IPTV providers in Canada .
Karim Haseleh - ye Olya ( Persian : كريم حاصله عليا‎ , also Romanized as Karīm Ḩāşeleh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 22 , in 6 families .
The Ajoie ( German : Elsgau , Franc - Comtois : Aidjoue ) is an historic region roughly coinciding with Porrentruy District in the canton of Jura in northwestern Switzerland .
Eisstadion Inzell ( in the past also known as Ludwig - Schwabl - Stadion , now known as Max Aicher Arena ) is a stadium located in Inzell , Germany , best known as a speed skating venue .
Bobięcino ( bɔbjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( Kashubian : Papãczëno , German : Papenzin ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Le Roncole ( today known as Roncole Verdi , ) is a village in the province of Parma ( Emilia - Romagna region ) of Italy , a frazione of the comune of Busseto .
The Kappelberg Tunnel is a road tunnel on the Bundesstraße 14 , located near the city of Stuttgart , Germany .
The Zingster Strom is a distinctive , river - like arm of the Barther Bodden lagoon , south of the Zingst peninsula on Germany 's Baltic Sea coast .
Goharshad Mosque ( Persian : مسجد گوهرشاد‎‎ ) is a former free standing mosque in Mashhad of the Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran , which now serves as one of the prayer halls within the Imam Reza shrine complex .
Maludam National Park ( Malay : Taman Negara Maludam ) is a national park in Betong Division , Sarawak , Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Tolkmicko ( tɔlkˈmit͡skɔ ) ( German : Tolkemit ) is a town in northern Poland , on the Vistula Lagoon , about 20 km northeast of Elbląg .
Frogner stadion is a sports stadium in Oslo , Norway , which has artificial ice in the winter for speed skating and bandy .
Ranheim Papirfabrikk AS was a Norwegian industrial company , which ran a paper factory with the same name at Ranheim , Trondheim , Norway .
Like many roads in the North of England passing through similar terrain , Snake Pass has a poor safety record in comparison to other roads in the United Kingdom .
Cambridge Public School , located east of Embrun , Ontario , Canada , has a school population of about 200 students .
Wauthier - Braine Abbey ( French : Abbaye de Wauthier - Braine ) was a Cistercian nunnery situated at Wauthier - Braine in Walloon Brabant , Belgium .
The Firminy - Vert Stadium is a sport field located at Firminy in the Loire in France .
Puerto Nariño is the second municipality of the Amazonas department of Colombia , located on the shore of the Amazon River .
The 2006 South American Women 's Football Championship ( Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino 2006 ) football tournament was played between November 10 and November 26 , 2006 at Mar del Plata , Argentina .
Maria am Gestade ( English : Mary at the Shore ) is a Gothic church in Vienna , Austria .
Farah City District is a district in Farah Province , Afghanistan , containing the main city of Farah .
Castiglione Messer Marino is a comune and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of central Italy It is the birthplace of the parents of race car driver Juan Manuel Fangio .
Voula ( Greek : Βούλα ) is a town and former municipality in East Attica , Greece .
Al - Hariqa ( Arabic : الحريقة‎ ) is a neighborhood in Damascus , Syria .
Rashm ( Persian : رشم‎ , also Romanized as Reshm and Rishm ; also known as Gulāki ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Arkiko ( alternately Archigo , Arqiqo , Ercoco , Hirgigo , Hargigo or Harkiko ) is a town in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea .
Etten - Leur ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the southern Netherlands .
Truskaw ( ˈtruskaf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izabelin , within Warsaw West County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tumby Island is a low bedrock island located 500 m east of the southern tip of Tumby Bay ( Tumby Point ) in Spencer Gulf , South Australia .
The Port of Gennevilliers is the largest port in the Ile - de - France and the largest French river port .
Georgia Tech Lorraine ( GTL ) is a campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Metz , France and is part of Georgia Tech 's International Plan .
Uludyuz ( also , Uluduz ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bornova Anadolu Lisesi ( BAL ) , commonly known in foreign languages with its English name Bornova Anadolu High School , is one of the most renowned and prestigious high schools in Turkey .
Vichoor ( Tamil : விச்சூர் ) , is a developing residential area in North Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Frieboeshvile ( lit . `` Friboe 's Resting Place '' ) is a Baroque - style country house in Kongens Lyngby north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Lamassa Island is an island in Lamassa Bay off the village of Lamassa off the southwestern coast of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea .
Mount Macolod ( also called Mount Makulot or Mount Maculot ) is a mountain located in the town of Cuenca in Batangas province , in the Philippines .
Dabajuro is a city and municipality in southwestern Falcón State , Venezuela with a population of 25 , 469 ( c. 2005 ) .
Sopoty ( sɔˈpɔtɨ ) ( German : Seepothen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Coronel Felipe Varela International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Coronel Felipe Varela ) ( IATA : CTC , ICAO : SANC ) is an airport in Catamarca Province , Argentina serving the city of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca .
Nkongsamba Airport ( IATA : NKS , ICAO : FKAN ) is an airport serving Nkongsamba , a city in the Moungo department of the Littoral region in Cameroon .
In 2006 , Nýhil made a deal with Landsbankinn that the bank would pay for 130 copies of the nine books in the Nýhil series Norrænar bókmenntir to be distributed to libraries throughout Iceland .
Mazraeh - ye Abdol Hoseyn Moradi ( Persian : مزرعه عبدالحسين مرادي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye `` Abdol Ḩoseyn Morādī ) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 41 , in 8 families .
Wilczoruda - Parcela ( vilt͡ʂɔˈruda parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pic Eccles ( 4,041 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the Val d'Aosta , Italy .
The Fortaleza Ozama ( in Spanish ; Ozama Fortress in English ) is a sixteenth - century castle built by the Spanish at the entrance to Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , and overlooking the Ozama River .
Charlotte West was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick , Canada ; it existed from 1974 to 1995 .
Estadio Pepe Rojo is a sports stadium located in the city of Valladolid , Spain .
Vaivadiškiai is a village in the Jonava district municipality , in Kaunas County , in central Lithuania .
Kupčina is a river in central Croatia , a left tributary of Kupa .
Kinzau - Mvuete ( or Kinzao ) is a town in the Bas - Congo province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) north of Matadi .
Białebłoto - Kobyla ( bjawɛˈbwɔtɔ kɔˈbɨla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Hospital for Tropical Diseases ( HTD ) is a specialist tropical disease hospital located in London , United Kingdom .
Pa Derazan ( Persian : پادرازان‎ , also Romanized as Pā Derāzān ) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Anjukottai is a village in northern Ramnad district , Tamil Nadu , India , 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) from Thiruvadani ; and 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) from Thondi .
Mełno - Cukrownia ( ˈmɛu̯nɔ t͡suˈkrɔvɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gruta , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the northern part of Costa Rica .
The Château de Challeau ( or Challuau ) refers to two châteaux in the neighbouring communes of Dormelles and Villecerf , near Fontainebleau in the department of Seine et Marne , France .
Stara Moravica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стара Моравица , Hungarian : Bácskossuthfalva or Ómoravica , German : Alt - Morawitza ) is a village located in the Bačka Topola municipality , in the North Bačka District of Serbia .
Kara - Balta ( ' black ax ' , Russian / Kyrgyz : Кара-Балта ) is a city and municipality on the Kara - Balta River , in Chuy Province , Kyrgyzstan , the capital of Jaiyl District .
The National Higher School of Statistics and Applied Economy in Algiers ( in French : École nationale supérieure de statistique et d'économie appliquée , ENSSEA d'Alger , in Arabic : المدرسة الوطنية العليا للاحصاء و الاقتصاد التطبيقي ) , called as well AES Algiers , is a public institution of higher education in Algeria .
Whitegrass Airport ( IATA : TAH , ICAO : NVVW ) , also known as White Grass Airport or Tanna Airport , is an airport on the island Tanna , in the Taféa province in Vanuatu .
Al Bahah ( Arabic : الباحة‎ Al Bāḥa ) is a city in the south west of Saudi Arabia .
Rantarata ( the Finnish Coastal Railway , Swedish : Kustbanan ) , is a railway running between the Helsinki Central railway station and the Turku railway station in Finland .
Valencian Sign Language ( Valencian : Llengua de signes valenciana ( ˈʎeŋɡwa ðe ˈsiŋnez valensiˈana ) ) , or LSV , is a sign language used by deaf people in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Thai Sikh International School ( TSIS ) is an international school in Samrong , Mueang Samut Prakan District , Samut Prakan Province , Thailand in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area .
Dolenja Žaga ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʒaːɡa ) ; in older sources also Spodnja Žaga , German : Unterschaga ) is an abandoned settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River north of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Skepsis or Scepsis ( Ancient Greek : Σκέψις ) was an ancient settlement in the Troad , Asia Minor that is at the present site of the village of Kurşunlutepe , near the town of Bayramiç in Turkey .
Hat Yai International Airport ( Thai : ท่าอากาศยานหาดใหญ่ ) ( IATA : HDY , ICAO : VTSS ) is the major southern hub airport in Thailand near the city of Hat Yai .
The High Rocky Point is a coastal landmark , located on the south western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Drežniške Ravne ( pronounced ( ˈdɾeːʒniʃkɛ ˈɾaːu̯nɛ ) ; Italian : Raune di Dersenza ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Wilkins Highway is an east - west route across the Mid North region of South Australia .
The Residency Group of Hotels is a hotel chain in southern India .
Dumari Kalan is a village in the Sitamarhi district of Bihar state , India .
Malmijan ( Persian : ملميجان‎ , also Romanized as Malmījān , Mālīyān , and Malmīān ) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Losuia Airport is an airport in Losuia , on the island of Kiriwina , Papua New Guinea .
Otavi is a town of 4,000 inhabitants in the Otjozondjupa Region of central Namibia .
Kalateh - ye Ghuriha ( Persian : كلاته غوريها‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ghūrīhā ) is a village in Jamrud Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hartavan ( Armenian : Հարթավան , also Romanized as Hart’avan and Artavan ; formerly , Karakilisa and Ghara - Kilisa ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Lightning Lake is a lake located in E. C. Manning Provincial Park , British Columbia , Canada .
Bayan - Agt ( Mongolian : Баян-Агт ) is a sum ( district ) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia .
The Ulan Moron ( Mongolian : ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨᠮᠥᠷᠡᠨ , Ulaan Mörön , lit . `` Red River '' ; Chinese : 乌兰木伦 , p Wūlánmùlún ) or Tuotuo River ( Chinese : 沱沱河 , p Tuótuó Hé , lit . `` Tearful River '' ) is a river in Qinghai province in the People 's Republic of China .
Kuala Klawang Memorial or Martin Lister Memorial is a memorial in Kuala Klawang , Jelebu , Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia , honouring Martin Lister , a British Resident in Negeri Sembilan .
Gołków ( ˈɡɔu̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mandurah ( /ˈmændʒərə/ or /ˈmændʒrə/ ) is the second - largest city in Western Australia , located approximately 72 kilometres ( 45 mi ) south of the state capital , Perth .
Falso Azufre is a complex volcano at the border of Argentina and Chile .
Annone Veneto is a town in the province of Venice , Veneto , Italy , located near the Livenza river .
The Circuit Gilles Villeneuve is a motor racing circuit in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Tudak - e Taqiabad ( Persian : تودك تقي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tūdak - e Taqīābād ; also known as Taqīābād , Toodak , and Tūdak ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
ProCredit Bank DRCongo ( PBD ) is a commercial bank in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Sint Pancras ( West Frisian : Sundebankreas ) is a town in the northwestern Netherlands .
Kafshgar Kola - ye Arateh ( Persian : كفشگركلاارطه‎ , also Romanized as Kafshgar Kolā - ye Araţeh and Kafshgar Kolā - ye Arţeh ; also known as Kafshgar Kolā ) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Miłochów ( miˈwɔxuf ) ( German : Nieder Giersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Aslan Duz ( Persian : اصلاندوز‎ , also Romanized as Aşlān Dūz and Aslandooz ; also known as Aslāndūz Tepe ) is a city in and the capital of Aslan Duz District , in Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Aureus University School of Medicine ( previously named All Saints University of Medicine ) is a private university located in Oranjestad , Aruba , in the Caribbean .
The 3rd arrondissement of Parakou is an arrondissement in the Borgou Department of Benin .
The Memorial Pier Cesare Baretti was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Saint - Vincent , Aosta , Turin ( Italy ) , from 1988 to 1994 .
The Central Makran Range is a mountain range in the Makran region , in southwestern section of Balochistan Province , in southwestern Pakistan .
Cadet College Fateh Jang is an established military prep school located in Attock , Pakistan .
Tyuratam ( Kazakh : Төретам , Töretam ; Russian : Тюратам ) is a station on the main Moscow to Tashkent railway , located in Kazakhstan .
Villa Galicia is a small city in the state / region of Buenos Aires , Argentina which is located in the continent / region of South America .
The Complex of Goguryeo Tombs ( Complex of Koguryo Tombs ) lie in North Korea .
Esfandiyarsara ( Persian : اسفنديارسرا‎ , also Romanized as Esfandīyārsarā ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Terebovlia ( Ukrainian : Теребовля , Polish : Trembowla ) is a small city in the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine , and the administrative center of the Terebovlya Raion ( district ) .
The Lombok Strait ( Indonesian : Selat Lombok ) , is a strait connecting the Java Sea to the Indian Ocean , and is located between the islands of Bali and Lombok in Indonesia .
The Convent of las Carmelitas de San José ( Spanish : Convento de las Carmelitas de San José ) is a Carmelite convent located in Guadalajara , Spain .
Vättern is the second largest lake ( by surface area ) in Sweden , after Vänern and the fifth largest lake in Europe .
Mačvanski Pričinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мачвански Причиновић ) is a village in Serbia .
Riihimäki ( literally `` Drying barn hill '' ) is a town and municipality in the south of Finland , about 69 kilometres ( 43 mi ) north of Helsinki and 109 kilometres ( 68 miles ) southeast of Tampere .
Pillars of Truth ( Boutokaan Te Koaua ) is a political party in Kiribati .
Galatin ( Bulgarian : Галатин ) is a village located in northwestern Bulgaria .
Santiago Laxopa is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south - western Mexico .
Ydrousa ( Greek : Υδρούσα ) is a former municipality on the island of Andros , in the Cyclades , Greece .
Piaseczno ( pʲaˈsɛt͡ʂnɔ ) is a town in central Poland with 43,540 inhabitants ( 2015 ) .
İkinci Çaylı ( also , Çaylı , Chayly , and Chayly Vtoryye ) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Portofino transmitter is a facility for FM-/AM-/TV - broadcasting near Portofino in Italy .
The Temple of Hercules Victor ( ' Hercules the Winner ' ) ( Italian : Tempio di Ercole Vincitore ) or Hercules Olivarius is an ancient edifice located in Piazza Bocca della Verità , in the area of the Forum Boarium close to the Tiber in Rome ( Italy ) .
The Otoro River , also known as the Grande de Otoro River , is a river in Honduras which begins in the department of Intibucá and then becomes the Ulúa River in the Santa Barbara Department .
Pomanda Island is a low - lying island of an area of 34 hectares ( 84 acres ) located in South Australia within Lake Alexandrina about 87 kilometres ( 54 mi ) southeast of the Adelaide city centre and 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) south of the town of Wellington .
The Hwange Thermal Power Station is the biggest power plant in Zimbabwe with an installed capacity of 920 MW .
Kokumbona ( also Kakambona ) is a village on the island of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands .
Burtinle ( Somali : Burtiinle ) , also known as Bur Tinle , is a small town in the Nugal province of the autonomous Puntland region in northeastern Somalia .
Oruj ( Persian : اروج‎ , also Romanized as Orūj ; also known as Oruch , Orudzh , Owrūj , Ūroj , and Ūrūj ) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District , Siah Rud District , Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bunratty Upper is a barony in County Clare , Ireland .
Teesta Bazaar is a small town located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) downstream from the town of Melli on the right bank of Teesta River in Darjeeling district of the state of West Bengal , India .
Saint - Mathias Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSV9 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) north of Saint - Mathias - sur - Richelieu on the Richelieu River , Quebec , Canada .
Rouyn - Noranda ( 2011 population 41,012 ) is a city on Osisko Lake in southwestern Quebec , Canada .
Taciewo ( taˈt͡ɕevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Consolidated Pastoral Company ( CPC ) is a large , privately owned , Australian Agrifood business which operates 20 cattle stations covering over 5.8 m hectares , managing more than 370,000 cattle , in Western Australia , the Northern Territory and Queensland .
Persona Communications , formerly Regional Cablesystems , was a cable television , Internet and telecommunications provider in Canada .
The Royal St George 's Golf Club located in Sandwich , Kent , England is one of the premier golf clubs in the United Kingdom , and one of the courses on The Open Championship rotation .
The Ermita de la Virgen del Val is a hermitage located in Montejo de Tiermes , Spain south of the province of Soria .
Romainmôtier is a village and former municipality in the district of Orbe in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Khenejin ( Persian : خنجين‎‎ , also Romanized as Khenejīn , Khanājīn , Khānājin , Khanjīn , Khenjīn , Farahan , and Khon Jīn ) is a village in Khenejin Rural District , in the Central District of Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Möljä Bridge ( Finnish : Möljän silta ) is a concrete beam bridge over the Toppilansalmi strait in Oulu , Finland .
Devarayanadurga ( Kannada : ದೇವರಾಯನ ದುರ್ಗ ) is a hill station near Tumkur in the state of Karnataka in India .
Eisenach Charterhouse ( German : Kartause Eisenach ) is a former charterhouse , or Carthusian monastery , in Eisenach in Thüringen , Germany , founded in 1378 and suppressed in 1525 .
Galović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Галовић ) is a village in Serbia .
Lay Nưa is a commune ( xã ) of Mường Lay in Điện Biên Province , northwestern Vietnam .
Duta Wacana Christian University ( DWCU ) or Universitas Kristen Duta Wacana ( UKDW ) is a private university in Yogyakarta , central of Java island , Indonesia .
Kerkini ( Greek : Κερκίνη ) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Sang - e Pir ( Persian : سنگ پير‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Pīr ) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District , in the Central District of Bardaskan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Kitlope Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges , located southeast of Kitlope Lake in British Columbia , Canada .
Easwari Engineering College ( EEC ) , a division of Sri Ramaswamy Memorial ( SRM ) Group of Educational Institutions for higher learning , was instituted in 1996 , with the approval of the government of Tamil Nadu and AICTE ( All India Council for Technical Education ) , New Delhi .
Sar Dul ( Persian : سردول‎ , also Romanized as Sar Dūl ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Şıxakəran ( also , Şıxəkəran , Shikhakeran '' , and Shykhakeran ) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Karut ( Armenian : Քարուտ ; formerly , Kyurut Armenian : Քյուրուտ and earlier Kahurt ) is a village and former rural community , now part of the community of Geghi , Syunik Province , Armenia .
Rozheve ( Ukrainian : Рожеве , German : Rozenburg or Rosenburg , Polish : Rożewo ) is a village ( selo ) in Staryi Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , in west Ukraine .
Vila Olímpia also contains the E - Tower , the 5th highest skyskraper in the city and the 12th highest in Brazil .
Colombo Lighthouse is a Lighthouse in Colombo in Sri Lanka and it is operated and maintained by the Sri Lanka Ports Authority .
Osredke ( pronounced ( ɔˈsɾeːtkɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement north of Dolsko in the Municipality of Dol pri Ljubljani in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Infobae.com is primarily viewed in Argentina followed by Venezuela , Mexico , Spain and the United States .
Omandongo is an unpopulated place in the Onayena Constituency in the Oshikoto Region in Northern Namibia , and the region which formerly was called Ovamboland .
Tardal is a small village in Kolhapur district , India
Nifiloli is an island in the Reef Islands ( Latitude : 10 ° 10 ' 60 S , Longitude : 166 ° 13 ' 60 E ) , in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu .
Grimsholmen is a nature reserve in Falkenberg Municipality , Halland County , Sweden .
Wagnerówka ( vaɡnɛˈrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Qaçaq Kərəm ( until 1992 , Oraq - Çəkic ) is a village in the municipality of Xətai in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Jyrgalan is the only urban - type settlement in the Ak - Suu District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Calauit Safari Park is a game reserve and wildlife sanctuary located in Calauit Island , a 3,700 hectare island in the Calamian Islands chain that lies off the coast of Palawan in the MIMAROPA region of the Philippines .
Punta Brava Lighthouse ( Faro de Punta Brava ) , also known as Punta Carretas Lighthouse , is a lighthouse in Punta Carretas , Montevideo , Uruguay .
Lazılar ( also , Lazylar ) is a village in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Guelph Mercury was an English language daily newspaper published in Guelph , Ontario , Canada .
Qomishlu ( Persian : قميشلو‎ , also Romanized as Qomīshlū and Qamīshlū ; also known as Qameshlū and Qomeshlū ) is a village in Hamgin Rural District , in the Central District of Dehaqan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kondeh Sukhteh ( Persian : كنده سوخته‎ , also Romanized as Kondeh Sūkhteh ) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Tempa Rossa oil field is an oil field located in the region of the Southern Apennines in Italy .
Dekese Airport ( ICAO : FZVT ) is an airport serving the community of Dekese in Kasai - Occidental Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Fossanova Abbey , earlier Fossa Nuova , is a Cistercian monastery in Italy , in the province of Latina , near the railway - station of Priverno , about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) south - east of Rome .
Õru Parish is a rural municipality in Valga County , Estonia .
Southern Fleurieu wine region is a wine region in South Australia that is located on the Fleurieu Peninsula and the portion of the Mount Lofty Ranges extending north east from the peninsula to near Willunga in the west and to near Ashbourne in the east .
Biesowo ( bjɛˈsɔvɔ ) ( German : Groß Bössau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pelican Lagoon is a seawater lagoon located on the north coast of Kangaroo Island , South Australia about 18.7 kilometres ( 11.6 mi ) south east of Kingscote .
Szydłów Synagogue was an Orthodox Judaism synagogue in Szydłów , Poland .
Lancebranlette ( Italian : Lancebranlette ) is a mountain of Savoie , France and of Aosta Valley , Italy .
Ubiad ( ˈubjat ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Rashvan ( Persian : رشوان‎ , also Romanized as Rashvān ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Laran District ( Persian : بخش لاران‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Guy Trédaniel is a French publisher who founded in 1974 Editions Guy Trédaniel , a printing company based in Paris , France .
Karihaugen is a neighbourhood in the residential area of Ellingsrud in Oslo , Norway .
Malla Jawira ( Aymara malla lead , jawira river , `` lead river '' , hispanicized spelling Malla Jahuira ) is a river in the La Paz Department in Bolivia .
Qeshlaq - e Jadid ( Persian : قشلاق جديد‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Jadīd ; also known as Owch Āghel and Ūchāghel ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Iligan Computer Institute is a technical school in the Philippines .
In February 2010 shareholders of Rosbank agreed to consolidate Societe Generale assets in Russia , Rosbank , Bank Société Générale Vostok ( BSGV ) and two other entities :
Marzbon ( Persian : مرزبن‎ ; also known as Marzīn ) is a village in Khormarud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
La Yeguada ( also known as Chitra - Calobre ) is a massive stratovolcano located in Veraguas Province , Panama , north of the Azuero Peninsula .
Grafarvogur ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈkraːvarˌvɔːɣʏr̥ ) ) is among the largest residential districts of Reykjavík , Iceland .
Pit Sara ( Persian : پيت سرا‎ , also Romanized as Pīt Sarā ; also known as Pītsareh and Pīt Sūreh ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Perlat is a village in the former municipality of Kthellë in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
La Brasserie de la Senne or De Zennebrouwerij is a brewery in the municipality of Sint - Jans - Molenbeek in Brussels , Belgium , named for the river Zenne which flows through the city .
Gimigliano is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Çisti Klyuç ( also , Chistyy Klyuch ) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Odzi is a village within the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located 32 km west of Mutare just off the main Harare - Mutare road .
Verpete ( pronounced ( ˈʋɛːɾpɛtɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
Paillant ( Haitian Creole : Payan ) is a commune in the Miragoâne Arrondissement , in the Nippes Department of Haiti .
Truro - Bible Hill - Millbrook - Salmon River is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia , Canada , that elects one member to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly .
Aidhausen is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany , it is a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Hofheim in Unterfranken .
Le Bodéo ( Breton : Bodeoù , Gallo : Le Bodéo ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in north - western France .
Halewood Academy is a secondary school in Halewood , Merseyside , United Kingdom with 1050 students .
Rapotice is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Bojanji Vrh ( pronounced ( bɔˈjaːnji ˈʋəɾx ) ; German : Bojanwerch ) is a small settlement northeast of Muljava in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Golden Bay / Mohua is a shallow , paraboloid shaped bay at the northwest end of New Zealand 's South Island .
Mamo Tower ( Maltese : Torri Mamo ) , also known as San Tommaso Tower ( Maltese : Torri Ta ' Mamu ) , is a fortified residence in Marsaskala , Malta .
Kashmor or Kashmore ( Sindhi : ڪشمور‎ ) ( Urdu : کشمور‎ ) , is a town , a tehsil and the administrative centre for Kashmor District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Nature 's Valley is a holiday resort and small village on the Garden Route along the southern Cape coast of South Africa .
Artesa de Lleida is a village in the comarca of Segrià and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
Nsambya is a hill in the center of Kampala , the capital and largest city in Uganda .
It was conceded that the newly formed Weimar Republic did need a military , so on 6 March 1919 a decree established the Vorläufige Reichswehr ( `` Provisional National Defence '' ) , consisting of a Vorläufige Reichsheer ( `` Provisional National Army '' ) and a Vorläufige Reichsmarine ( `` Provisional National Navy '' ) .
In south west of France , facing the Atlantic Ocean , `` la Côte des Landes '' is limited at its north by Arcachon Bay and at its south by the Adour river mouth .
Appennino Tosco - Emiliano National Park is a state - held natural preserve in Northern and central Italy , located in the heart of an area noted for natural features and for the local quality products and handicrafts .
Sentinum was an ancient town currently located in the Marche region of Italy .
Juben ( Persian : جوبن‎ , also Romanized as Jūben , Jooban , Jowbon , Jūban , and Jūbon ; also known as Dzhuban and Jūbīn ) is a village in Rostamabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The KNVB District Cup ( Dutch : Districtsbeker ) is a cup competition for amateur football clubs in the Netherlands .
Gbelce ( Hungarian : Köbölkút ) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Oesling or Ösling ( Luxembourgish : Éislek ) is a region covering the northern part of both the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and Eifelkreis Bitburg - Prüm , within the greater Ardennes area that also covers parts of Belgium and France .
Zargarly ( also , Zargarli and Zargyarli ) is a village in the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The names `` Joe Bloggs '' and `` Fred Bloggs '' are commonly used as placeholder names in the United Kingdom , Australia and New Zealand , for teaching , programming , and other thinking and writing .
Los Odio ! is a Mexican rock band from Mexico City formed by musicians who already are important in Mexican music scene .
Rayside - Balfour ( 1996 census population 16,050 ) was a town in Ontario , Canada , which existed from 1973 to 2000 .
Sault Ste . Marie / Partridge Point Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CNV7 ) is adjacent to Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada .
The Church of St. Stephen Harding in Apátistvánfalva or Apátistvánfalvian Church ( Hungarian : Apátistvánfalvai Harding Szent István templom , Slovene : Cerkev Svetega Štefana v Števanovci Prekmurian : Števanovska cerkev Svétoga Števana Hardinga ) is a Baroque Roman Catholic Church in the village of Apátistvánfalva ( Števanovci ) , Hungary .
Bodzewko Pierwsze ( bɔˈd͡zɛfkɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Otteri ( Tamil : ஓட்டேரி ) , is a developed residential area in Central Chennai , a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu , India
Narromine is a town located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Dubbo in the Orana region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kisbarátpuszta is an uninhabited part of Szabadegyháza in the Subregion of Adony , Fejér County , Hungary .
Otumoetai is a major suburb of the city of Tauranga in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand .
The Jožef Stefan Institute ( IJS ) ( Slovene : Institut `` Jožef Stefan '' ) is the largest research institute in Slovenia .
Bodø Cathedral ( Norwegian : Bodø domkirke ) is a cathedral in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county , Norway .
Holiare ( Hungarian : Gellér , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈɡɛlleːr ) ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Firozkoh ( Persian / Pashto : فیروزکوه , Fīrōzkōh ) , or Turquoise Mountain , is the lost capital of the Ghorid dynasty , in the Ghor Province of central Afghanistan .
The Sitina Tunnel ( alternatives Sitiny Tunnel or Františka Tunnel ) is a motorway tunnel in Bratislava , Slovakia on the D2 motorway at the `` Lamačská cesta - Staré grunty '' section .
Valathi , also known as Valathy , ( வளத்தி ) is a village in Gingee assembly constituency , Villupuram district , in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Unchi Bassi is a small town in Hoshiarpur district in the state of Punjab , India .
The Equestrian monument to General Manuel Belgrano is a landmark of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Crucible of Iron Age Shetland is a combination of three sites in Shetland that have applied to be on the United Kingdom `` Tentative List '' of possible nominations for the UNESCO World Heritage Programme list of sites of outstanding cultural or natural importance to the common heritage of humankind .
Kłopoty - Bujny ( kwɔˈpɔtɨ ˈbui̯nɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Delany College is a Roman Catholic , co - educational Secondary day school , located in Granville , a western suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Miles Airport or Aerodrome ( IATA : WLE , ICAO : YMLS ) is an airport serving the small towns of Miles and Condamine , and surrounding rural residents in Queensland , Australia .
Cubará is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department , Colombia also referred to as the Boyacá Frontier District for sharing an international border with the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela .
Teaterladan ( The barn theatre ) , officially Hedemora Gamla Theater ( old Swedish spelling of Old Theatre of Hedemora ) , is a theatre and a listed building in Hedemora , Dalarna County , Sweden .
Lefaga is a village district on the south west coast of the island of Upolu in Samoa .
Magdalensberg ( Slovene : Štalenska gora ) is a municipality in the district of Klagenfurt - Land in Carinthia in Austria .
Slettmarkhøe is a mountain close to the southern border of Jotunheimen National Park , in Oppland , Norway .
Asian Highway 11 ( AH11 ) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1567 km from Vientiane , Laos to Sihanoukville , Cambodia connecting AH12 to AH1 and continuing to Gulf of Thailand 's coast .
Langlütjen is the name of the two uninhabited artificial islands created in the 19th century , Langlütjen I and Langlütjen II , in the north off the coast of the district Wesermarsch in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Al - Khreibat ( Arabic : الخريبات‎ , also spelled Kharibat or Khuraybat ) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located southeast of Tartus .
Froland Station ( Norwegian : Froland holdeplass ) is a railway station in Froland , Norway .
Gołańcz Pomorska ( ˈɡɔwaɲt͡ʂ pɔˈmɔrska ) ( formerly German Glansee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Háaleiti og Bústaðir ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈhauːaˌleiːtʰɪ ɔɣ ˈpuːˌstaːðɪr̥ ) ) is a district of Reykjavík , the capital of Iceland .
Roseau ( Kwéyòl : Wozo ) is the capital and largest city of Dominica , with a population of 16,582 .
Goriča Vas ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾiːtʃa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Goriča vas , German : Weikersdorf ) is a village in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Amidabad - e Sofla ( Persian : عميدابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAmīdābād - e Soflá ; also known as Amīdābād - e Paeen ) is a village in Darmian Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Communist Party of Peru ( Spanish : Partido Comunista del Perú ) , more commonly known as the Shining Path ( Sendero Luminoso ) , is a Maoist guerrilla insurgent organization in Peru .
Veľké Úľany ( Hungarian : Nagyfödémes ) is a large village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Tour Down Under is a cycling race in and around Adelaide , South Australia .
Sarvabad County ( Persian : شهرستان سروآباد‎ ) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran .
The Brotherhood of St. Andrew is an international lay Christian religious organization with historical roots in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Ripapa Island , also known locally as Ripa Island , just off the shore of Lyttelton Harbour ( Whakaraupo ) has played many roles in the history of New Zealand .
The Christoffelberg , also known as Mt Christoffel or Mt St Christoffel , named after Saint Christopher , is the highest point on Curaçao .
Dinagat Sound is an arm of the Philippine Sea that separates the islands of Dinagat and Siargao , in the northeastern portion of Mindanao in the Philippines .
Griekwastad ( Afrikaans for `` Griqua city '' ) is a country town in South Africa .
The Ciudad Encantada ( ' Enchanted City ' ) is a geological site near the city of Cuenca , in the autonomous community of Castilla - La Mancha , Spain in which the erosive forces of weather and the waters of the nearby Júcar river have formed rocks into distinctive and memorable shapes .
Narym ( Russian : Нарым , Selkup for marsh ) is a village ( selo ) in Parabelsky District of Tomsk Oblast , Russia , located on the banks of the Ob River near its confluence with the Ket River , 25 kilometers ( 16 mi ) from the village of Parabel .
Hai Mjini is a ward in the Hai District of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania .
The Asseb Volcano is a volcanic field located in the Southern Red Sea region of Eritrea .
Rejsekort ( Official translation : TRAVEL CARD ) is an electronic ticket system for public transport in Denmark .
Jarużyn - Kolonia ( jaˈruʐɨn kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osielsko , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lake Plastiras ( Greek : Λίμνη Πλαστήρα ) also called Tavropos Reservoir ( Greek : Τεχνητή Λίμνη Ταυρωπού ) is an artificial lake fed by Tavropos ( Megdovas ) river , located in Karditsa regional unit , near the city of Karditsa , Greece .
Dognecea ( Hungarian : Dognácska ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 2,044 people .
Sir Banu ( Persian : سيربانو‎ , also Romanized as Sīr Bānū ; also known as Qal``eh - ye Sīr Bānū ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , Hasanabad District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 98 , in 23 families .
Al - Kadir ( Arabic : الكدير‎ , also spelled al - Kader ) is a village in eastern Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate .
Maltahöhe is a village in southern central Namibia close to the Swartrand escarpment , about 110 km west of Mariental in the Hardap Region .
Saint John 's Cavalier ( Maltese : Kavallier ta ' San Ġwann ) is a 16th - century cavalier in Valletta , Malta , which was built by the Order of St. John .
Wierchomla Wielka ( vʲɛrˈxɔmla ˈvʲɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna - Zdrój , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Gioia del Colle ( pronounced ( ˈdʒɔːja del ˈkɔlle ) ) is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari , Apulia , southern Italy .
Tagaytay , officially the City of Tagaytay ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Tagaytay ) , is a component city in the province of Cavite , in the Philippines .
Shahrak - e Shahid Nowruzian ( Persian : شهرك شهيدنوروزيان‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shahīd Nowrūzīān ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Museo de Arte Sagrado ( English : Museum of Sacred Art ) is a religious art museum located in Santiago , Chile .
Synelnykove ( Ukrainian : Синельникове ; Russian : Синельниково ) is a small city in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Sangkulirang is a town and sub district of East Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Watergrasshill ( Irish : Cnocan na Biolrai ( Watercress Hill ) ) is a small village in north east County Cork , Province of Munster , Ireland .
Kummersdorf is the name of an estate near Luckenwalde at 52 ° 05′N 13 ° 20′E , around 25 km south of Berlin , in the Brandenburg region of Germany .
Piedras Negras International Airport ( IATA : PDS , ICAO : MMPG ) is an international airport located at Piedras Negras , Coahuila , Mexico , near the U.S .- Mexico border .
Hi - Tech Medical College , Rourkela is a medical school in India .
Mala Brda ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈbəɾda ) ) is a small settlement west of Postojna , just off the road towards Razdrto , in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kampung Bechah Resak is a village located in the district of Tumpat , Kelantan in Malaysia .
Villa Gesell is a seaside village in Villa Gesell Partido , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Mazraeh - ye Ayzadi ( Persian : مزرعه ايزدي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āyzadī ) is a village in Surmaq Rural District , in the Central District of Abadeh County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
First Calgary Financial is a member - owned financial institution based out of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Dobrá Voda u Českých Budějovic ( German Gutwasser ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Logovardi Airport ( Macedonian : Аеродром Логоварди , Aerodrom Logovardi ) is an airport that stretches nearly 9 km ( 6 mi ) and is located in Bitola , Republic of Macedonia .
Eshbol ( Hebrew : אֶשְׁבּוֹל , lit . Spadix ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
The Lomellina ( Western Lombard : Ümlína / Lümelína ) is a geographical and historical area in the Pianura Padana ( Po River 's valley ) of northern Italy , located in south - western Lombardy between the Sesia , Po and Ticino rivers .
Dolenji Radenci ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnji ɾaˈdeːntsi ) ; German : Unterradenze ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Jairampur is an ADC HQ of Changlang district ( situated in the southeastern part of Arunachal Pradesh , North East India ) .
Comecayo is a Salvadoran town located in the municipality of Santa Ana , El Salvador .
Cubillas de los Oteros ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kuˈβiʎaz ðe los oˈteɾos ) ) is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Redžići ( Cyrillic : Реџићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Downsview is an area in the north end of Toronto , Ontario , Canada , located in the district of North York .
The Lesser Slave River ( Cree Iyaghchi Eennu Sepe , translation : `` River of the Strange People '' ) is a river in central Alberta , Canada .
Interac serves as the Canadian debit card system , as the traditional debit card providers ( Visa and MasterCard ) rarely provide debit cards in Canada .
Lagina ( Greek : Λαγίνα ) is an ancient cult site of important archaeological and tourist value dating from the Carian period and extended under the Seleucid kings that is situated in southwestern Turkey ( adjacent to Turgut , a municipality in the Muğla Province ) and which is famous for its Hekate Sanctuary .
North Cowichan ( Canada 2011 Census population 28,807 ) is a District municipality established in 1873 located on Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada .
Kotagudda is village and mandal in Pavagada tq , Tumkur district , state of Karnataka in India , it is situated 13 km away from pavagada , grama panchayat includes shaila pur arakyathan halli and more villages.there is road which connects to Chitradurga and YN hosakote , the population around 3000 .
Malaybalay Airport , also known as Malaybalay Airstrip , is the defunct - airport that used to serve general aviation in the area of Malaybalay , the capital city of Bukidnon in the Philippines .
Sardasht County ( Persian : شهرستان سردشت‎ ) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
Greetingman ( Korean : 그리팅맨 ) is a modern sculpture project in South Korea .
The Heights Observatory ( also known as the Adelaide Observatory ) is an Astronomical Observatory at The Heights School in Modbury Heights , Adelaide , South Australia .
Sakeneh ( Persian : ساكنه‎ , also Romanized as Sākeneh ) is a village in Bilavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Azaria ( Hebrew : עֲזַרְיָה ) , or Azarya is a moshav in central Israel .
Vigelsø is a small , uninhabited island in Odense Fjord , off the coast of Funen , Denmark .
The northern boundaries for the Korean Peninsula are commonly ( and tacitly ) taken to coincide with today 's political borders between North Korea and its northern neighbors , China ( 1,416 km ( 880 mi ) along the provinces of Jilin and Liaoning ) and Russia ( 19 km ( 12 mi ) ) .
Dodiongan Falls is a 20-metre ( 65.5 ft ) high waterfall located in Barangay Bonbonon , 14 km away from Iligan City in Lanao del Norte province of the Philippines .
Augustów Primeval Forest or Augustów Forest ( Polish : Puszcza Augustowska , Lithuanian : Augustavo giria , Belarusian : Аўгустоўская пушча ) is a large virgin forest complex located in Poland as well as in northern Belarus and southeastern Lithuania .
Wola Przybysławska ( ˈvɔla pʂɨbɨˈswafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Deutsches Zweirad- und NSU - Museum in Neckarsulm , Germany has a collection of historic motorcycles and bicycles in a five - story split - level building dating to 13th Century .
The Lisbon Metro ( Portuguese : Metropolitano de Lisboa ) is the metro ( subway ) system of Lisbon , Portugal .
Kuhsar District ( Persian : بخش کوهسار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Windebyer Noor ( Danish : Vindeby Nor ) is a lake in Kreis Rendsburg - Eckernförde , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Madang District is a district in the central part of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea .
Fleury - Mérogis is a commune in the Essonne department in northern France , in the southern suburbs of Paris .
Fundo Island is located off the northwest coast of Pemba Island , one of the two main islands of Tanzania 's Zanzibar Archipelago .
At the present day Ruhrpumpen has manufacturing facilities , sales offices and service centers located in Germany , Mexico , USA , Egypt , Argentina , Brazil , India , Russia , Canada , Colombia and Chile .
The Synecdemus or Synekdemos ( Greek : Συνέκδημος ) is a geographic text , attributed to Hierocles , which contains a table of administrative divisions of the Byzantine Empire and lists of their cities .
The Cacahuatique Mountains are a mountain range and hilly area of eastern El Salvador .
Monino ( Russian : Мо́нино ) is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) in Shchyolkovsky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 23 kilometers ( 14 mi ) east of Moscow .
The Kozie chrbty or Kecske - hát ( In Slovak , literally `` goat ridges '' ) are a mountainous area in Slovakia , part of the Fatra - Tatra Area of the Inner Western Carpathians , where uranium ore may be found .
Flemish Brabant ( Dutch : Vlaams - Brabant ( ˌvlaːmzˈbraːbɑnt ) , French : Brabant flamand ) is a province of Flanders , one of the three regions of Belgium .
Saint - Éloy - d'Allier is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France .
Kołoniec ( kɔˈwɔɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
La Trappe Abbey or La Grande Trappe is a monastery in Soligny - la - Trappe , Orne , France , and the house of origin of the Order of Cistercians of the Strict Observance ( O.C.S.O. : Ordo Cisterciensis Strictioris Observantiae ) , Reformed Cistercians or Trappists , to whom it gave its name .
Šventežeris ( literally : sacred lake ) is a small town in Alytus County in southern Lithuania .
Paspaley Pearling Company is the largest and oldest pearling company operating in Australia .
Sovinja Peč ( pronounced ( sɔˈʋiːnja ˈpeːtʃ ) ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills immediately south of the Črnivec Pass in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Momin Mosque is located in Akon - bari , in the village of Burirchar , Mathbaria Upazila , under the district of Pirojpur in Bangladesh .
The Jiak Kim Bridge ( Chinese : 若金桥 ) is a pedestrian bridge in Singapore .
Saranchuky ( Ukrainian : Саранчуки , Polish : Saranczuky , Saranczuki ) is a village in Berezhany Raion of Ternopil Oblast in the western area of Ukraine , the historic region of Halychyna ( Eastern Galicia ) .
Gornje Košlje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горње Кошље ) is a village in Serbia .
The Three Rivers Academy is an English - language high school in Trois - Rivières , Quebec , Canada .
Norrtåg ( English : North trains ) is a publicly owned company which is owned by Norrbotten County , Västerbotten County , Västernorrland County and Jämtland County in Sweden .
Bratislavský lesný park or Bratislava Forest Park is a forest park ( actually a forest ) in Bratislava , the capital of Slovakia , located in the foothills of the Little Carpathians .
The Misir River or Mișid River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania , The upper reach of the river is also known as Valea Luncilor River
The Parque Polideportivo Roca is a large park with sports facilities in southern Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Today , this right is exercised by the Royal Djurgården Administration which is a part of the Royal Court of Sweden .
Ezbaran ( Persian : ازباران‎ , also Romanized as Ezbārān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District , Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wasiły - Zygny ( vaˈɕiwɨ ˈzɨɡnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wieszyno ( vjɛˈʂɨnɔ ) ( German Vessin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Aoulouz or Aoullouz ( Shilha Berber Awlluẓ ) is a rural commune and small town in Taroudant Province , Souss - Massa Region , Morocco .
Pöchlarn ( Bavarian : Böchlarn ) is a town in the district of Melk in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Sheykh Amr ( Persian : شيخ عمر‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh ʿAmr ) is a village in Senderk Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Veľký Šariš ( German : Groß - Scharosch ; Hungarian : Nagysáros ) is a small town near Prešov in eastern Slovakia .
A large one in Malaudh was assigned to Raja Badan Singh C.S.I. recipient of Companionship Order of the Star of India in 1903 who exercised the same criminal and civil powers over the whole estate as his brother Sardar Sundar Singh Jagirdar did in his share .
The Cartagena Film Festival ( Spanish : Festival Internacional de Cine de Cartagena de Indias ) , or FICCI , is a film festival held in Cartagena , Colombia , which focuses mainly on the promotion of Colombian television series , Latin American films and short films .
Eshtaharzan ( Persian : اشتهازان‎ , also Romanized as Eshtahārzān ; also known as Eshtahāzān and Eshtehāzān ) is a village in Koleyn Rural District , Fashapuyeh District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Žabjek ( pronounced ( ˈʒaːbjɛk ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Yakubiyah ( Arabic : اليعقوبية‎ , Armenian : Յակուբիե ; also spelled Yacoubiyah , Yakoubieh , Yacoubeh or Yaqubiyah ) is a village in north - west Syria , administratively part of the Jisr ash - Shugur District , subordinate to the Idlib Governorate , located west of Idlib and just southeast of the border with Turkey .
The Bazar Caves otherwise Bāzār Caves are located in the Khyber in the mountainous Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Bitiče ( German : Vititsch ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Cueva del Fantasma ( `` Cave of the Ghost '' in Spanish ) is a giant cave in southern Venezuela , located in one of the most biologically rich , geologically ancient parts of the world , along the slopes of Aprada - tepui .
Chicken Treat has over 60 outlets within Western Australia , and two in Central Queensland .
Karikanamma is a Hindu temple in the Western Ghats in Karnataka , India , located near the town of Honavar .
Linnanmaa is a neighbourhood of the Kaijonharju area of Oulu , Finland .
Vestre Cemetery ( Danish : Vestre Kirkegård ) is located in a large park setting in the Kongens Enghave district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Located principally in the city centre or Cercado de Lima and Rímac areas , the Historic Centre of Lima is among the most important tourist destinations in Peru .
Centro Juventud Sionista , or simply Sionista , is a basketball club based in Paraná , Argentina .
Spongano is a town and comune in the province of Lecce , in the Apulia region of south - east Italy .
Arau is the royal capital of Perlis in Malaysia , with a population of around 20,000 .
Nauni is a small village on the Solan - Rajgarh Road about 15 km from the town of Solan , Himachal Pradesh , India .
Amanohashidate ( 天橋立 ) is one of Japan 's three scenic views .
Bodovce ( Hungarian : Bodonlaka ) is a village and municipality in Sabinov District in the Prešov Region of northeastern Slovakia .
The Joseph Vaz College of Wennappuwa is a public school in Wennappuwa , Sri Lanka .
Les Patrons Cuisiniers is a culinary association of quality restaurants in the Netherlands .
Kysorychi ( Ukrainian : Кисоричі , Polish : Kisorycze ) is a village located in Rivne Oblast , Ukraine .
Skjånes ( Northern Sami : Skeavvonjárga ) is a small village in Gamvik Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Hospital Area is a central district of Thimphu , Bhutan .
Ohonica ( pronounced ( ɔxɔˈniːtsa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Öllölä is a village in Finland , in the town of Joensuu , Tuupovaara , former municipality .
The Lengenbach Quarry ( LGB ) is located in the Binn Valley ( Valais , Switzerland ) and it is noted among the mineralogical community for its unusual sulfosalt specimens .
Trincomali Channel is a channel or strait in the Gulf Islands of British Columbia , Canada , located between Saltspring Island ( W ) and Galiano Island ( E ) .
The Pocking Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Pocking , Lower Bavaria , Germany .
Watchman Island is a small sandstone island in the Waitemata Harbour of Auckland , New Zealand .
The Coleridge Power Station is a hydroelectric facility at Lake Coleridge on the Rakaia River in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Lonwolwol was a village on the island Ambrym in Vanuatu .
Mount Keith Mine is an open pit nickel mine in Western Australia .
Black Diamond / Flying R Ranch Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CBD8 ) , is located 2.8 nautical miles ( 5.2 km ; 3.2 mi ) south southeast of Black Diamond , Alberta , Canada .
Langvassåga is a river that flows out of the lake Langvatnet in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Veľký Kýr ( Hungarian : Nyitranagykér ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Obednik is a village located in the Demir Hisar region of the Republic of Macedonia .
Alerce Andino National Park is located in the Andes , in Los Lagos Region of Chile .
Saran - e Barshaku ( Persian : سران بارشكو‎ , also Romanized as Sarān Bārshakū ; also known as Sarān ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cintra Bay or the Gulf of Cintra is a large , half - moon shaped bay on the coast of Río de Oro province , Western Sahara .
Mount Olympus ( /oʊˈlɪmpəs , ə-/ ; Greek : Όλυμπος , pronounced Olibos ; also transliterated as Olympos , and on Greek maps , Oros Olympos ) is the highest mountain in Greece and the second highest mountain in the Balkans .
Cheb ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈxɛp ) ; German : Eger ) , is a city in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic , with about 33,000 inhabitants .
Gare d'Esches ( the Esches Station ) is a rail station located between the communes of Amblainville and Esches ( Oise department ) , France .
The Unparty was a political party in Ontario , Canada , in the early 1980s .
Mpilo Central Hospital , more commonly known as Mpilo Hospital , is the largest hospital in Bulawayo , and second largest in Zimbabwe after Parirenyatwa Hospital in Harare .
The Bellevue Teatret ( English : Bellevue Theatre ) is a theatre in Klampenborg at the northern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Vovše ( in older sources and locally also Ovsiše , German : Ousische or Wousche ) is a settlement in the hills east of Vače in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
San Antonio de los Baños Airfield ( ICAO : MUSA ) is a military air base located near San Antonio de los Baños , a municipality in the province of Havana ( La Habana ) in Cuba .
Serras de Sudeste ( English : Southeastern Mountain Ranges ) is a dissected plateau , also named Planalto Dissecado de Sudeste ( Southeastern Dissected Plateau ) or Escudo Sul - Riograndense ( Shield of Rio Grande do Sul ) , located in the southeastern portion of Rio Grande do Sul state in southernmost Brazil , near Uruguay .
Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose College ( Bengali : আচার্য জগদীশ চন্দ্র বসু কলেজ ) is a well - respected english Medium undergraduate degree college affiliated with the University of Calcutta , India .
However , it was announced as part of the 2014 United Kingdom budget that the Gospel Oak to Barking Line of London Overground would be extended to Barking Riverside .
Gonabad ( Persian : گناباد‎ , also Romanized as Gonābād ; also known as Gūnābād ; formerly Janābaz ) is a city in and the capital of Gonabad County , in Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jenny Estate ( German : Jenny Schloss ) is a large estate in the municipality of Thalwil of the Canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Middle Vinemount Falls is a 10 metre high cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Monteodorisio is a comune ( municipality ) and town in the province of Chieti , in the region of Abruzzo , in central Italy .
Borki Drużbińskie ( ˈbɔrki druʐˈbiɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Korosnytsia ( Ukrainian : Коросниця , German : Josephsberg or Josefsberg , Polish : Korośnica or Korosnica ) is a village ( selo ) in Drohobych Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Vahdat ( also Vakhdat , meaning unity in Persian ) is a city in western Tajikistan , just 10 km east of Dushanbe .
The island of Vilsandi , Kihelkonna Parish , Saare County , Estonia is located in the Baltic Sea .
The Tuira River is located in the Darién Province of eastern Panama .
Gharq Ab Zar ( Persian : غرق اب زار‎ , also Romanized as Gharq Āb Zār and Gharqāb Zār ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Government Service Insurance System ( Filipino : Paseguruhan ng mga Naglilingkod sa Pamahalaan , abbreviated as GSIS ) is a government owned and controlled corporation ( GOCC ) of the Philippines .
Seilandstuva is the highest mountain on the island of Seiland in Finnmark county , Norway .
Luau Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto de Luau ) ( IATA : UAL , ICAO : FNUA ) is an airport serving Luau , a municipality in the province of Moxico in Angola .
Ano Glyfada ( Άνω Γλυφάδα in Greek ) is a subdivision of the municipality of Glyfada in Athens , Greece literally meaning `` Upper Glyfada '' .
Hasan Langi - ye Bala ( Persian : حسن لنگي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Langī - ye Bālā ; also known as Gazakī - ye Ḩasanlangī ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
First Philippine Industrial Park , established in 1996 , comprises 349 hectares located in Tanauan City and the municipality of Santo Tomas in the province of Batangas , Philippines .
Fagerhaug Church ( Norwegian : Fagerhaug kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Simris Runestones are two 11th - century runestones located at the vicarage of Simris , near Simrishamn , in southeasternmost Scania , Sweden .
The Canal de Montech is a 10.9 km waterway in southwestern France connecting the Canal de Garonne in Montech and the Tarn River in Montauban .
Cimdenieki is a small suburban settlement in Grobiņa parish near Liepāja , Latvia .
Boyxanlı ( also , Bayxanlı , Bayankhanly , and Boykhanly ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Border Force is a part of the Home Office , responsible for frontline border control operations at air , sea and rail ports in the United Kingdom .
Harsin ( Persian : هرسين‎ ; also Romanized as Harsīn ) is a city in and the capital of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Cherrabun or Cherrabun Station is a pastoral lease and that once operated as a sheep station but presently operates as a cattle station located in Western Australia .
Moyar River is one of the tributary of Bhavani in Tamil Nadu , South India .
Postronna ( pɔsˈtrɔnna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koprzywnica , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sitia ( Greek : Σητεία ) is a port town and a municipality in Lasithi , Crete , Greece .
General Escobedo , or simply Escobedo , is a city and municipality in Nuevo León , Mexico that is part of the Monterrey Metropolitan area .
KTVR Knowledge Park for Engineering and Technology(KTVR KPET ) , located at Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India , is a private self - financing engineering institute .
Perevalsk ( Ukrainian : Перевальськ ; Russian : Перевальск ) is a city in the southwestern part of the Luhansk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Dr. Jose Fabella Memorial Hospital , the National Maternity Hospital , is a maternal and newborn tertiary hospital located in Santa Cruz , Manila in the Philippines .
In 1986 the former airfield of RAF Fulbeck was considered by the United Kingdom government body , NIREX , as one possible site for an underground deep storage facility for the country 's nuclear waste .
The final team consisted of about 15 groups from different institutions all over Germany , including several large companies as well as the small SUPRENUM Supercomputer GmbH. They were four ( or five , resp . ) major research institutes :
The Earthquake Commission ( EQC ) provides primary natural disaster insurance to the owners of residential properties in New Zealand .
Kfaryachit ( also Kafaryachit , Kfaryashit , Arabic : كفرياشيت‎ ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Repovica ( Cyrillic : Реповица ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
ACG Parnell College is an independent co - educational facility and is part of the Academic Colleges Group , whose New Zealand schools are members of the Independent Schools of New Zealand ( ISNZ ) .
Lannoy - Cuillère is a Communes of France in the Oise department in northern France .
Akhtarabad ( Persian : اختراباد‎ , also Romanized as Akhtarābād ; also known as Z̧olmābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Tyaterbash ( Russian : Тятербаш ; Bashkir : Тәтербаш ; Chuvash : Тетерпуς ) is a rural locality in Sterlibashevsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Darsidgol ( Persian : دارسيدگل‎ , also Romanized as Dārsīdgol ; also known as ʿAlī Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kornica Kolonia ( kɔrˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chah - e Qasemi ( Persian : چاه قاسمي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Qāsemī ; also known as Chāh - e Nīzeh Gāb Yek ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kaçinar is a village and a former municipality in the Lezhë County , northwestern Albania .
Stoperce ( pronounced ( ˈstoːpɛɾtsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Majšperk in northeastern Slovenia .
El Torcal de Antequera is a nature reserve in the Sierra del Torcal mountain range located south of the city of Antequera , in the province of Málaga off the A45 road in Andalusia , Spain .
The Castle of Miranda de Ebro is a mediaeval fortification located in Miranda de Ebro , Spain .
Denbies Wine Estate near Dorking , Surrey has the largest vineyard in England with 265 acres ( 1.07 km2 ) under vines , representing more than 10 per cent of the plantings in the whole of the United Kingdom .
The Lotsane Dam is a dam on the Lotsane River in Botswana completed in 2012 .
PKN Vidhyasala ( Tamil : பி.கே.என். வித்யாசாலா ) is an Educational Trust which consists of 9 educational institutions including 2 higher secondary schools , 3 Matriculation schools , 2 Primary schools , 1 CBSE school and an Arts and Science College in the suburbs of Tirumangalam , Madurai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Tziv'on ( Hebrew : צִבְעוֹן , lit . Crayon ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Ballyforan ( Irish : Béal Átha Feorainne , meaning `` mouth of the ford of the beach or strand '' ) is a village in south County Roscommon , Ireland on the R363 road between Ballygar and Dysart , County Roscommon .
Birmingham Museums Trust is the largest independent charitable trust of museums in the United Kingdom .
Troubridge Point is a headland located on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia is located about 11 kilometres ( 6.8 mi ) south west of Edithburgh .
Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium or HPCA Stadium is a cricket stadium located in the city of Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh , India .
Great World MRT Station ( TE15 ) is an upcoming underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Thomson - East Coast Line in Singapore .
Niederscheidweiler is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde , a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bernkastel - Wittlich district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Gabrovka pri Zagradcu ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbɾɔu̯ka pɾi zaˈɡɾaːtsu ) ) is a village north of Zagradec in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Derweze ( Persian : The Gate , also known as Darvaza ) is a village in Turkmenistan of about 350 inhabitants , located in the middle of the Karakum Desert , about 260 km north from Ashgabat .
Arcachon ( French : ( aʁ.ka.ʃɔ̃ ) ; Arcaishon in Gascon ) is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France .
Kam Guran ( Persian : كم گوران‎ , also Romanized as Kam Gūrān ; also known as Kamegoran , Kamegoron , Kameh Gorūn ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Belvedere , Harare is a suburb of Harare , the capital city and the largest metropolitan area of Zimbabwe .
The Amsterdam Crusaders are an American Football club from Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
Kiskunlacháza is a town in Pest county in the northern part of Central Hungary , approximately 4 miles from the Danube river and its largest neighbor , Ráckeve .
Kechnec ( German : Oberdeutschdorf , Kechnetz ; Hungarian : Kenyhec ) is a village in eastern Slovakia .
Jesenovik ( Istro - Romanian : Sucodru ) is a small village in Istria , Croatia , in the municipality of Kršan .
Çardak Airport or Denizli Çardak Airport ( IATA : DNZ , ICAO : LTAY ) is an airport located in Çardak , Denizli Province , Turkey .
The Federico Santa María Technical University ( Spanish : Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María ) ( UTFSM ) ( or simply Santa Maria University ) is a Chilean university founded in 1926 in Valparaíso , Chile .
Saunags ( Livonian : Sǟnag , Russian : Саунагс or Саунаг. Other names : Saunagdtsiems , Saunaga , Saunaga Ciems , Saunaguciems ) is a populated place in Kolka parish , Dundaga municipality , Latvia , located 10 km from the Cape Kolka , within the borders of Slītere National Park .
Boracay is a small island in the Philippines located approximately 315 km ( 196 mi ) south of Manila and 2 km off the northwest tip of Panay Island in the Western Visayas region of the Philippines .
Markaz - e Garm ( Persian : مرکزگرم‎ , also Romanized as Markazgarm ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stary Borków ( ˈstarɨ ˈbɔrkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Defence Authority Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed College is an Intermediate level , English - language college in Karachi , Pakistan .
PEPO Lappeenranta ( abbreviated PEPO ) is a football club from Lappeenranta in Finland .
Mabodale is a village in Gampaha District of Sri Lanka , with lush green surroundings .
Eil Malk or Mecherchar is the main island of the Mecherchar Islands , an island group of Palau in the Pacific Ocean .
Ahfir ( Berber : Aḥfir , ⴰⵃⴼⵉⵔ ; Arabic : أحفير ) is a town in Berkane Province , Oriental , Morocco .
The Reformist Bloc ( Bulgarian : Реформаторски блок ) is a centre - right electoral alliance in Bulgaria .
Due to its geographical position Monghidoro , which the writer Giordano Berti has described as the `` Crossroads of Europe '' , in the course of the centuries became a necessary passage between the Po Valley and Central Italy .
Rosmalen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( rɔsˈmaːlə(n ) ) ) is a town in the province of North Brabant , in the south of the Netherlands .
The Hanau - Gelnhausen high - speed railway is a planned railway connecting Hanau and Gelnhausen in Germany .
Storsjöodjuret ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈstuːʂøːuˈjʉːrɛ ) , literally `` The Great - Lake Monster '' ) is a lake monster reported to live in the 90-metre - deep ( 300 ft ) lake Storsjön in Jämtland in the middle of Sweden .
Helsinki Swimming Stadium is an outdoors swimming venue in Helsinki , Finland , located in the Eläintarha area to the northeast of the Helsinki Olympic Stadium .
Sri Palee College in Horana is one of the main mixed schools in Sri Lanka .
Yarensk ( Russian : Я́ренск ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Lensky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia , located on the bank of the Vychegda River near its confluence with the Yarenga .
The Bouřňák ( German : Stürmer which means `` Stormer '' ) is one of the highest mountains in the eastern Ore Mountains on the territory of Czech Republic .
The Oshigambo River is an ephemeral river in central northern Namibia , flowing into Etosha Pan .
Azoyú is a city and seat of the Azoyú Municipality , in the state of Guerrero , south - western Mexico .
Yoigo is the fourth mobile phone operator with a network of its own in Spain .
Nordmaling Municipality ( Swedish : Nordmalings kommun ) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden .
Paliouria ( Greek : Παλιουριά , before 1928 : Ζημνιάτσι - Zimniatsi ) is a village in northern Greece .
Bense is a village on the northern coast of Dominica which , together with the neighbouring village of Hampstead , Dominica , has a population of around 780 people .
Peniaky ( Ukrainian : Пеняки ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Mohara ( Persian : محرا‎ , also Romanized as Moḩarā and Moḩarrā ; also known as Mohreh ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Harz Run ( German : Harzquerung ) is a fun run and walking event in the Harz mountains of Germany that has been organised since the 1970s by the Wernigerode Skiing Club ( Skiklub Wernigerode 1911 ) and takes place on the last Saturday of April .
Csorvás ( Romanian : Ciorvaş ) is a town in Békés county , in the Southern Great Plain region of south - east Hungary .
Doi Pha Hom Pok National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติดอยผ้าห่มปก ) , formerly known as Mae Fang National Park , is the northernmost national park in Thailand .
Lubomia ( luˈbɔmja ) is a village and the seat of Gmina Lubomia , Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Dachau concentration camp ( German : Konzentrationslager ( KZ ) Dachau , IPA : ( ˈdaxaʊ ) ) was the first of the Nazi concentration camps opened in Germany , intended to hold political prisoners .
Galatone is a town and comune located in Salento , in the province of Lecce ( Apulia , southern Italy ) , the former seat of the Marquess of Galatone .
Hedvig Eleonora Church ( Swedish : Hedvig Eleonora kyrka ) is a church in central Stockholm , Sweden ( in the east district of Östermalm ) .
The Klaipėda Geothermal Demonstration Plant is a geothermal heating plant in Klaipėda , Lithuania , constructed during the late 1990s and early 2000s .
Kannus Airfield is an airfield in Kannus , Finland , about 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ; 6 mi ) east of Kannus town centre .
Guintacan is an island of the province of Cebu in the Philippines .
Yenkit is a resort town in Muscat Governorate , in northeastern Oman .
Hípica ( meaning Equestrian in English ) is a neighbourhood ( bairro ) in the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul , in Brazil .
Mandoli is a village in Jalore district of Rajasthan state in India .
Šentvid pri Lukovici ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈluːkɔʋitsi ) or ( ʃənˈtʋiːt pɾi ˈluːkɔʋitsi ) ; German : Sankt Veit ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Blimbingsari Airport ( Indonesian : Bandara Blimbingsari ) ( IATA : BWX , ICAO : WARB ) is an airport near Banyuwangi , a city in the East Java province of Indonesia .
Morro Solar ( morro in Spanish means : a rounded promontory ) is a headland , situated in the district of Chorrillos , to the south of Lima , Peru .
The Stifterverband für die Deutsche Wissenschaft ( Donors ' association for the promotion of humanities and sciences in Germany ) is a German organisation that seeks to address challenges in higher education , science and research .
Khustain Nuruu National Park ( Mongolian : Хустайн нуруу , Birch Mountains ) , located in Töv Province ( Aimag ) , is a national park of Mongolia .
Lambaesis ( Lambæsis ) , Lambaisis , or Lambaesa ( Lambèse in colonial French ) , is a Roman ruin in Algeria , 7 miles ( 11 km ) southeast of Batna and 17 miles ( 27 km ) west of Timgad , located next to the modern village of Tazoult .
The Atlanta Centre is an office skyscraper in San Juan , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Jirgatol ( Persian : جرگه‌تال ‎‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Ľubietová ( German : Libethen ) is a village in central Slovakia .
Świerzna ( ˈɕfjɛʐna ) ( German : Schwierse ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Água Rasa is a district within the subprefecture of Mooca in São Paulo , Brazil .
Kitunda is a town and an administrative ward in the Ilala district of the Dar es Salaam Region of Tanzania .
Pangasinan School of Arts and Trades , also referred to as PSAT , is a government institution of technical vocation education and training higher learning located in Alvear Street , Lingayen , Pangasinan , Philippines .
Rashtriya Lok Dal ( abbreviated as RLD ) ( translation : National People 's Party ) is a political party in India .
PT Merpati Nusantara Airlines , operating as Merpati Nusantara Airlines , was an airline in Indonesia based in Central Jakarta , Jakarta .
The Slough Trading Estate founded in Slough in the south of Buckinghamshire in 1920 , was an early business park in the United Kingdom .
Veliki Kamen ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki ˈkaːmən ) ) is a settlement northeast of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Arapuni is a rural town centre on the Waikato river in the South Waikato District of New Zealand .
Grudusk ( ˈɡrudusk ) is a village in Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Heath Railway ( German : Heidebahn ) is a regional railway line in North Germany that crosses the Lüneburg Heath from which it derives its name .
Capital Crime Writers ( CCW ) is a non - profit mystery writing organization located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Voss Church ( Norwegian : Voss kyrkje or Vangskyrkja ) is a parish church in Voss municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Shiadeh Sadat Mahalleh ( Persian : شياده سادات محله‎ , also Romanized as Shīādeh Sādāt Maḩalleh , Sheyādeh Sādāt Maḩalleh , and Shīā Deh Sādāt Maḩalleh ; also known as Shīā Deh ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Yokohama International Swimming Pool ( Yokohama Kokusai Pool : 横浜国際プール ) is a swimming venue in Yokohama , Japan .
Quaid - E - Azam Divisional Public School and College is an educational institution for boys and girls of the Gujranwala division of the Pujab in Pakistan .
The Torre de la Plata ( Spanish : `` Tower of Silver '' ) is an octagonal military tower of the Almohad dynasty in Al - Andalus , in present day Seville , southern Spain .
Sheykh Kanlu ( Persian : شيخكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Kānlū ) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District , Bajgiran District , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Anton Pieck Square is a square in the Efteling , a theme park in the Netherlands .
Tafresh ( Persian : تفرش‎ ) is a city ( academic city ) in Markazi Province , Iran .
Lysva ( Russian : Лысьва ) is a town in Perm Krai , Russia , located in the eastern part of the krai on the Lysva River , 86 kilometers ( 53 mi ) from Perm .
Kráľova hoľa ( German : Königsberg ; Hungarian : Király - hegy , literally `` King 's Bald Mountain '' ) is the highest mountain ( 1,946 m ) of the eastern part of the Low Tatras in central Slovakia .
Fachkrankenhaus Coswig is a hospital specializing in pneumology and thoracic surgery in Coswig , Germany .
Pechora ( Russian : Печо́ра ; Komi : Печӧра , Pečöra ) is a town in the Komi Republic , Russia , located on the Pechora River , near the northern Ural Mountains .
The Aishihik River , also known as Canyon Creek , is a river in the Yukon Territory of Canada .
Pabna Government Girls High School ( Bengali : পাবনা সরকারী উচ্চ বালিকা বিদ্যালয় ) is one of the oldest high schools in Pabna District , Bangladesh .
The Sozina Tunnel ( Cyrillic : Тунел Созина ) is a road tunnel in Montenegro , and is a part of E65 European route .
Kyyy ( Russian : Кыйы ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Tyarasinsky Rural Okrug of Tattinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 45 kilometers ( 28 mi ) from Ytyk - Kyuyol , the administrative center of the district .
Fountain Tire is a tire dealer in Canada , offering a range of car , truck , and trailer tires , as well as automotive services .
Maus Castle ( German : Burg Maus , meaning Mouse Castle ) is a castle above the village of Wellmich ( part of Sankt Goarshausen ) in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قصبه غربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Jemseg River Bridge is the name for two different structures currently crossing the Jemseg River in Jemseg , New Brunswick , Canada .
The Substation ( Chinese : 电力站 ) is Singapore 's first independent contemporary arts centre .
The Aktash River ( Russian : Акташ ) is a river in the Kasbek and Khasavyurt districts of the Republic of Daghestan in Caucasian Russia .
The Mariposa School of Skating , located in Barrie , Ontario , is a major figure skating training center in Canada .
The Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt pine - oak forests is a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of the Trans - Mexican Volcanic Belt of central Mexico .
Cheshmeh Talkhu ( Persian : چشمه تلخو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Talkhū and Cheshmeh - ye Talkhū ) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gevim ( Hebrew : גֵּבִים , lit . Cisterns ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
ZTV began broadcasting on their own channel position in 1992 and was owned by MTG , who also owned TV3 ( Sweden ) and TV6 ( Sweden ) .
Adriatik Hotel is a hotel near Durrës , Albania .
Benin Airport ( IATA : BNI , ICAO : DNBE ) is an airport serving Benin , a city in the Edo State of Nigeria .
Villa Grazioli is a villa in Frascati , Italy , now in Grottaferrata communal territory .
Traianoupoli ( Greek : Τραϊανούπολη ) or Traianopolis or Trajanopolis was a medieval settlement abandoned in the 14th century in the Evros regional unit of East Macedonia and Thrace region , northeastern Greece .
The Angelini Tower is a 29-story residential skyscraper located in the city of Maracaibo , Zulia state , Venezuela .
Santa Cruz de la Sierra ( locally : ( ˈsanta ˈkɾus de la ˈsjera ) ) ( English : Holy Cross of the Mountain -- Range ) , commonly known as Santa Cruz ( locally : ( ˈsanta ˈkɾus ) ) , is the capital of the Santa Cruz department in eastern Bolivia .
Miletićevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милетићево ) is a village in Serbia .
The Botanischer Garten Wuppertal ( 2.5 hectares ) , also known as the Botanischer Garten der Stadt Wuppertal , is a municipal botanical garden located at Elisenhöhe 1 , Wuppertal , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Cenadi ( Greek : Genadioi ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
Museum van Bommel van Dam is a Dutch museum of modern art in Venlo in the southeast Netherlands .
Ouargaye is a city located in the province of Koulpélogo in Burkina Faso .
Muar Trade Centre or Pusat Dagangan Muar ( Jawi : ڤوست داڬڠن موار ) ( formerly Bangunan UMNO Muar ( Jawi : باڠونن امنو موار ) ) is a major landmark in Bandar Maharani Muar , Johor , Malaysia .
Kalateh Deh Now ( Persian : كلاته دهنو‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh Deh Now ; also known as Deh Now ) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Blundells Cottage is a six - roomed stone cottage located on the northern shore of Lake Burley Griffin , in Canberra , Australia .
Sleaford Mere ( alternative name : Kuyabidni ) is a permanent saline lake , located on the Jussieu Peninsula on the south eastern tip of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) south west of Port Lincoln .
Aleksandras Stulginskis University is a university in Lithuania , in Akademija , west of Kaunas .
Costera ( Valencian pronunciation : ( kosˈteɾa ) , locally : ( kosˈteɾɐ , -ɾæ ) ) is a comarca in the province of Valencia , Valencian Community , Spain .
Axapusco is a town and municipality , in Mexico State in Mexico .
Sabrosa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐˈβɾɔzɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district of Vila Real in northern Portugal .
Jalan Banting - Semenyih or Jalan Bangi , Federal Route 31 ( formerly Selangor state route B18 ) , is a federal road in Selangor , Malaysia .
Give2Asia is a diaspora giving organization founded in 2001 by The Asia Foundation to serve as a funding channel for diaspora philanthropy from the United States of America to many Asian countries .
The Bergrat Müller Pond ( German : Bergrat - Müller - Teich ) , named after a former mining director , Müller , in the Harz mountains of central Germany is a storage pond laid out from 1737 to 1738 .
New Serb Democracy ( Montenegrin : Нова српска демократија / Nova srpska demokratija ) , or NOVA , is a political party in Montenegro , formed on 24 January 2009 as a merger between Serb People 's Party and the People 's Socialist Party of Montenegro .
Kuopion Palloseura ( or KuPS ) is a Finnish football club , based in the 8th most populated city of Finland , Kuopio .
The Bat Khan Mountain ( Mongolian : Бат хаан уул , lit . `` firm khan mountain '' ) is a mountain in the Erdenesant , Töv Province in Mongolia .
The Isthmus Department or Department of Panama ( Spanish : Departamento de Panama ) was one of the departments of the Republic of Gran Colombia and later of the Republic of Colombia .
The Thessaloniki Metropolitan Area or Larger Urban Zone ( LUZ ) is the complete area covered and directly influenced by Greece 's second - largest city , Thessaloniki .
Fuerte de Isla Verde ( English : Green Island Fort ) was a military installation formerly located in Algeciras , Spain .
Naveh Fereh ( Persian : ناوه فره‎ , also Romanized as Nāveh Fereh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sarpol Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Earthquake zones of India places Gunupur inside seismic zone II on a scale ranging from I to V in order of increasing susceptibility to earthquakes .
Bahnbetriebswerk Hermeskeil is a small , Prussian locomotive depot at Hermeskeil , in the state of Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany that dates from 1888 .
Bedok View Secondary School is a government co - educational secondary school located in southern Bedok , Singapore , within walking distance of Tanah Merah MRT Station .
Sosnowiec - Pieńki ( sɔsˈnɔvjɛt͡s ˈpjɛɲki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mollendo is a town bordering the Pacific Ocean in southern Peru .
Nuenen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnynə(n ) ) ) is a town in the municipality of Nuenen , Gerwen en Nederwetten in the Netherlands .
Gazidar ( Persian : گزيدر‎ , also Romanized as Gazīdar ) is a village in Zarabad - e Sharqi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Centre pénitentiaire de Rennes is a women 's prison of the French Prison Service in Rennes , Brittany , France .
Imnam Dam is a dam on the Bukhan River in North Korea , completed in 2003 .
Walt Disney Studios Park is the second of two theme parks built at Disneyland Paris in Marne - la - Vallee , France , opened on March 16 , 2002 .
Garfa ( Bengali : গরফা ) is a southern neighbourhood of Kolkata , India .
San Luis de la Reina is a municipality ( north of San Miguel ) in the San Miguel department of El Salvador .
Casabona is a comune and town with a population of about 4,000 people in the province of Crotone , in Calabria , southern Italy .
La Corbière ( Jèrriais : La Corbiéthe ) is the extreme south - western point of Jersey in St. Brelade .
Kerat Gol - e Sofla ( Persian : كرتگل سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kerat Gol - e Soflá ; also known as Kerat Gol ) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Amarakaeri Communal Reserve ( Reserva Comunal Amarakaeri ) is a protected area in Peru located in the Madre de Dios Region , Manú Province .
Pebbair is a village and a Mandal in Mahbubnagar District in the state of Telangana , India .
Geoffrey Bay is a large sweeping beach on Magnetic Island , Queensland , Australia .
Pyrgotos is a village south of the City of Kilkis in the Kilkis regional unit , Greece .
San Benigno Canavese railway station ( Italian : Stazione di San Benigno Canavese ) serves the town and comune of San Benigno Canavese , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
Alan Baraghush Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آلان برآغوش‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gayan District ( Pashto : ګيان ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی گیان‎ ) is a district of Paktika Province , Afghanistan .
Khan Bebin ( Persian : خان ببين‎ , also Romanized as Khān Bebīn and Khān Beben , Khān Behbīn , Khanbeh Bon ' , also known as Khān Bīn ) is a city in Fenderesk District , in Ramian County in Golestan Province , in northern Iran .
Jösse Car was a sports car manufacturer founded in 1997 and located in Arvika , Sweden .
Dortmund Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in Dortmund , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Doi Suthep ( ดอยสุเทพ ) , is a mountain ( `` doi '' ) west of Chiang Mai , Thailand .
Mekane Selam Airport ( IATA : MKS , ICAO : HAMA ) is an airport serving Mekane Selam , a town in the Debub Wollo ( or `` South Wollo '' ) zone of the Amhara region in central Ethiopia .
The Boeng Tonle Chhmar Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area of Cambodia on the edge of the Tonlé Sap lake .
Whittington , Gloucestershire is a village and rural parish in the county of Gloucestershire in England , United Kingdom .
Chaupicruz is an electoral parish ( Spanish : parroquia electorale urban ) or district of Quito , the capital city of Ecuador in northwestern South America .
Šurlenci ( Macedonian : Шурленци ) is a village on the northeastern shore of Lake Prespa in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia , east of Galičica .
John Therry Catholic High School is a Marist coeducational , comprehensive high school in Rosemeadow , New South Wales , Australia .
Chiryakovo ( Russian : Чирьяково ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Zaraysky District of Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 16 kilometers ( 9.9 mi ) east from Zaraysk .
The Bar of Quebec ( officially the Barreau du Québec in French ) is the provincial law society in Quebec , Canada .
Wola Obszańska ( ˈvɔla ɔpˈʂaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obsza , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Charlotte Swenson Memorial Bible Training School ( CSMBTS ) was started on 8 July 1926 in Rajahmundry , a town in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Six Flags México is an amusement park located in the Tlalpan forest and borough , on the southern edge of Mexico City , Mexico .
Burdekin Catholic High School ( commonly referred to as BCH or by its official acronym BCHS ) is a private , co - educational Catholic secondary school in the town of Ayr , Queensland , Australia .
Stockstadt am Rhein is a community in Groß - Gerau district in Hesse , Germany , lying on the southern edge of the Frankfurt Rhein - Main Region .
Kahriz - e Mayel Kandi ( Persian : كهريزمايل كندي‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Māyel Kandī ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Grahovište is village in Vogošća municipality , near Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Aggsbach Charterhouse is a former Carthusian monastery in Aggsbach Dorf in Schönbühel - Aggsbach in Lower Austria .
Temascaltepec ( formally : Temascaltepec de González , for Plutarco González ) is a city and seat of the municipality of Temascaltepec located in south of the State of Mexico in Mexico .
Khvajehlu ( Persian : خواجه لو‎ , also Romanized as Khvājehlū ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sisupalgarh or Sishupalgarh are a ruined fortification in Khurda District in Odisha , India .
Towd Lang ( Persian : تودلنگ‎ ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mals ( Italian : Malles Venosta ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northwest of Bolzano , on the border with Switzerland and Austria .
HOSMAT , the Hospital for Orthopaedics , Sports Medicine , Arthritis & Trauma , is a 150-bed speciality hospital in central Bangalore , India .
Apnenik pri Velikem Trnu ( pronounced ( aˈpneːnik pɾi ˈʋeːlikɛm ˈtəɾnu ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Néouvielle massif is a group of mountains in the Pyrenees in France notable for its lakes and its microclimate .
Kardhiq Castle ( Albanian : Kalaja e Kardhiqit ) is a ruined hill fortress located in Kardhiq , southern Albania .
Lalkurti ( literally red shirt ; referring to British Infantry from colonial era ) , is a locality in the heart of Rawalpindi cantonment in Pakistan .
Dellys ( Arabic : دلّس‎ ) is a small Mediterranean town in northern Algeria 's coastal Boumerdès Province , almost due north of Tizi - Ouzou and just east of the river Sebaou .
Fougères ( Breton : Felger , Gallo : Foujerr ) is a commune and a sub - prefecture of the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
St. Gabriel 's High School ( abbreviated SGHS ) is an educational institution located in Kazipet , in Warangal district of Telangana , India .
It forms the titular subject of James Hamilton - Paterson 's 2004 novel of Tuscany expatriate life , Cooking with Fernet Branca In the 2012 film The Dark Knight Rises , Bruce Wayne 's butler Alfred Pennyworth remembers himself sitting in Florence , Italy drinking a Fernet Branca .
Gashmi ( Persian : گشمي‎ , also Romanized as Gashmī ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Stare Dolno ( ˈstarɛ ˈdɔlnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Hollandsche Manege in Amsterdam is the oldest riding school in the Netherlands , dating back to 1744 .
The Bahçelievler massacre is the name given to the events of October 9 , 1978 in Bahçelievler , Ankara , Turkey , when seven university students , members of the Turkish Workers ' Party , were assassinated by ultra - nationalists including Grey Wolves ' leader Abdullah Çatlı , and Haluk Kırcı .
University Hospital Southampton NHS Foundation Trust is an English semi - autonomous unit within the National Health Service in England ( not United Kingdom ) .
The Treaty on the Creation of the USSR officially created the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR ) , commonly known as the Soviet Union .
Gemini Residence is a residential building on the Islands Brygge waterfront in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Babanabad ( Persian : بابان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bābānābād ) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Porsgrunn Station ( Norwegian : Porsgrunn stasjon ) is a railway station serving Porsgrunn , Norway .
Almsee , English sometimes Lake Alm , is a lake in Upper Austria 's part of the Salzkammergut in the Almtal valley , 11 kilometers ( 6.8 mi ) south of the village of Grünau i m Almtal .
Ugarchin ( Bulgarian : Угърчин ) is a town located along the Kamenitsa river in the Lovech Province in central northern Bulgaria .
Emily Carr University of Art and Design ( formerly the Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design ) is a public post - secondary University located on Granville Island in Vancouver , BC , Canada .
Balut Hesar ( Persian : بلوطحصار‎ , also Romanized as Balūţ Ḩeşār and Balooţ Ḩeşār ; also known as Bālā Ḩeşār and Bala Hisār ) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Clutha District is an administrative district of southern New Zealand , with its headquarters in the Otago town of Balclutha .
Dunasziget is a village in Győr - Moson - Sopron county , Hungary , with 1477 inhabitants .
De - Kastri ( Russian : Де-Ка́стри ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Ulchsky District of Khabarovsk Krai , Russia .
Nowa Prawda ( ˈnɔva ˈpravda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Nevljica is a river in the Municipality of Kamnik , Slovenia .
Mohami is a village in Sankhar VDC , Ward No . 5 , Syangja District , Gandaki Zone , Nepal .
Zlatan Court is a football field in the city district of Rosengård in Malmö in southern Sweden , dedicated to the footballer Zlatan Ibrahimović .
The Jambi University ( UNJA , or Universitas Jambi ) is a public university located in Jambi City , Jambi , Indonesia .
Gruža Lake ( Serbian : Гружанско језеро / Gružansko jezero ) , is an artificial lake located southwest of the Knić , Serbia .
The Royal Hospital Kilmainham ( Irish : Ospidéal Ríochta Chill Mhaighneann ) in Kilmainham , Dublin , is one of the finest 17th - century buildings in Ireland .
Annobón Province is a small province of Equatorial Guinea consisting of the island of Annobón and its associated islets in the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean 's Cameroon Line .
Brussels Central Station ( Bruxelles - Central / Brussel - Centraal ) is a metro and railway station in Brussels , the capital city of Belgium .
Khorram Makan ( Persian : خرم مكان‎ , also Romanized as Khorram Makān ; also known as Khorramkān ) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ribno ( pronounced ( ˈɾiːbnɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bled in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Gladloka ( pronounced ( ˈɡlaːdlɔka ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Buron is a village in France about 6 kilometres north - west of Caen , in the communes of Saint - Contest and Cairon in Calvados .
Havuslu ( also , Hovuslu , Khavysly , Khovuslu , and Khovysly ) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Junghua Dam , also spelled Ronghua Dam , ( Chinese : 榮華大壩 ; pinyin : Rónghuá Dàbà ; Wade -- Giles : Jung2-hua2 Ta4-pa4 ) is a dam crossing the Dahan River , a tributary to the Tamsui River , in Fuxing District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan .
Otgol Village ( Hangul : 옻골마을 ) is the clan village of the Gyeongju Choi located in the east of Daegu , South Korea .
Kulkani Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كولكني‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Majin District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
West Pomeranian University of Technology , Szczecin ( Polish : Zachodniopomorski Uniwersytet Technologiczny w Szczecinie , ZUT ) is a technical university in Szczecin , Poland .
The Asipovichy Reservoir is situated by Svisloch River in Asipovichy Raion , Belarus .
Jalan Padang Temu ( Malacca state route ) is a major roads in Malacca state , Malaysia
Malaryta ( Belarusian : Малары́та ) or Malorita ( Russian : Малори́та ; Polish : Małoryta ) is a city in the southwest corner of Brest Region , Belarus and the administrative centre of Malaryta District .
Talca is a city and commune in Chile located about 255 km ( 158 mi ) south of Santiago , and is the capital of both Talca Province and Maule Region ( 7th Region of Chile ) .
Sfäär ( meaning Sphere ) is a restaurant and store located at Mere puiestee 6E , in Tallinn , Estonia .
Lough Derravaragh ( Irish : Loch Dairbhreach ) is a lough in County Westmeath , Ireland , north of Mullingar between Castlepollard , Crookedwood and Multyfarnham .
The Tsubawara Dam , also known as the Tsubakihara Dam , is a gravity dam on the Shō River about 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) north of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture , Japan .
Dobrovody ( Ukrainian : Доброводи ) is a village located within the Uman Raion ( district ) of the Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) , Ukraine .
Karian Shola National Park is a protected area in the Western Ghats , India , nominated as a national park in 1989 .
Sordzha ( also , Shordzha ) is a village in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Orust is an island in western Sweden , and Sweden 's third largest island .
Punta Ballena is a small peninsula ( punta ) and a resort ( balneario ) , as well as an important tourist attraction on the coast of Río de la Plata in the Maldonado Department of southeastern Uruguay .
The East Cornwall League ( formerly the East Cornwall Premier League ) is a football competition based in Cornwall and west Devon , England , in the United Kingdom .
Beșghioz ( Gagauz : Beşgöz ) is a commune and village in the Gagauz Autonomous Territorial Unit of the Republic of Moldova .
The Santuario della Madonna del Sangue is a sanctuary in the comune ( municipality ) of Re , Italy .
Keshavarzi ( Persian : كشاورزي‎ , also Romanized as Keshāvarzī ) is a village in Famur Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dungarpur is a city in the southernmost part of Rajasthan state of India .
Bir Lehlou ( also transliterated Bir Lahlou , Bir Lehlu Arabic : بير لحلو ; Berber : Bir Leḥlu , ⴱⵉⵔ ⵍⴻⵃⵍⵓ ) is an oasis town in north - eastern Western Sahara , 236 km from Smara , near the Mauritanian border and east of the border wall , in Polisario Front - held territory .
As of the 2001 India census , Kot Fatta has a population of 6493 .
The Vancouver International Jazz Festival is an annual summer event in Vancouver , Canada .
Zorkul ( or Sir - i - kol ) is a lake in the Pamir Mountains that runs along the border between Afghanistan and Tajikistan .
Chempanoda / Chempanod ( ചെമ്പനോട ) is a village towards the north east of Kozhikode district of Kerala in India .
Lieli is a village in the canton of Lucerne , Switzerland .
Lake Chany ( Russian : озеро Чаны ) is one of the largest lakes in Russia .
Hasanabad - e Ab Kurak ( Persian : حسن ابادابكورك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Āb Kūrak ; also known as Ḩasanābād and Hasan Abad Pishkooh ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Bundesverband Öffentlicher Banken Deutschlands ( Federal Association of Public Banks in Germany ) is the association of national and regional state banks .
Gunour is a village of the Panna district ( gram panchayat Gunour ) within Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Wayllaqucha ( Quechua waylla meadow , qucha lake , `` meadow lake '' , hispanicized spelling Huaillaccocha ) is a mountain in the Ch'ila mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,100 metres ( 16,732 ft ) high .
Molleres is a village in Andorra , located in the parish of Canillo .
Bekenu ( also known as Bekenu Bazaar or Bakenu ) is a small fishing town near Miri , in Sarawak , Malaysia .
Faculty of Health Sciences and Physical Culture of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom is a nursing school and one of eight divisions of Kazimierz Pułaski University of Technology and Humanities in Radom , Poland .
Siah Sufian ( Persian : سياه صوفيان‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Şūfīān ) is a village in Belesbeneh Rural District , Kuchesfahan District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sfakiotes ( Greek : Σφακιώτες ) is a former municipality on the island of Lefkada , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Tyube ( Russian : Тюбе ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kumtorkalinsky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
Konodimini is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
Jeunesse Sportive d'El Biar , referred to commonly as JS El Biar or JSEB for short , is an Algerian football club based in the El Biar district of Alger , Algeria .
Silwerboomkloof Natural Heritage Site is a small , protected valley ( `` kloof '' ) , near the Helderberg Nature Reserve , in Cape Town , South Africa .
Ezuz ( Hebrew : עֱזוּז ) is a small communal settlement in the Negev desert , Israel .
Tri Sestry ( Russian : Три сестры the three sisters ) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Urup Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
When the communities were formed in Belgium in 1795 , Velm became an independent community .
Teslin Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CEE9 ) was located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) west of Teslin , Yukon , Canada .
Anyimon is a town located in the mid - western part of Ghana .
Lake Szelid ( Szelidi - tó ) is a lake in Bács - Kiskun county , Hungary .
Qaleh - ye Bahador ( Persian : قلعه بهادر‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Bahādor ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 230 , in 47 families .
Northbrook Island ( Russian : остров Нортбрук ) is an island located at 79.9 ° N 50.9 ° E in the southern edge of the Franz Josef Archipelago , Russia .
Baqar Nizamani is a village located at 25.171699,68.582754 in Tando Muhammad Khan District , Sindh , Pakistan .
Old Kandahar ( locally known as Zorr Shaar ; Pashto : زوړ ښار‎ , meaning `` Old City '' ) is a historical section of the city of Kandahar in southern Afghanistan .
Baltinava parish ( Latvian : Baltinavas pagasts ) was an administrative unit of the ex - Balvi District , Latvia .
Kolokol Group ( Russian : Группа Колокола ) is a group of somma volcanoes located in the central part of Urup Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Cantonment Public School ( Urdu : کینٹونمنٹ پبلک اسکول ) , shortened to ' Cantt Public School ' , was a fee paying school located in Karachi , Pakistan .
Elburg ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a city in the province of Gelderland , Netherlands .
Stokken Church ( Norwegian : Stokken kirke ) is a church built in 1879 in Saltrød in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Deh Bardel - e Dam Saqaveh ( Persian : ده بردل دم سقاوه‎ , also Romanized as Deh Bardel - e Dam Saqāveh ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Khuneh - ye Varz ( Persian : خونه ورز‎ , also Romanized as Khūneh - ye Varz ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Wuci Fishery Harbor ( Chinese : 梧棲漁港 ; pinyin : Wúqī Yúgǎng ) is a harbor and fish market in Qingshui District , Taichung , Taiwan .
San Martín Texmelucan de Labastida is a city in the west - central part of the state of Puebla in Mexico , adjacent to the southwest corner of the state of Tlaxcala .
Torsvåg Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Torsvåg fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county , Norway .
North South University ( Bengali : নর্থসাউথ বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) or NSU is the first private university of Bangladesh .
Nezavertailovca ( Ukrainian : Незавертайлівка , Russian : Незавертайловка ) is a village and commune in the Slobozia sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova .
Râu Alb is a commune in Dâmboviţa County , Romania , with 1500 inhabitants .
The McConnell River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada 's territory of Nunavut .
The Big Golden Guitar is one of the many `` big '' attractions that can be found around Australia .
Caño Negro Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge , part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area , in the northern part of Costa Rica twenty kilometers south of Los Chiles near the border with Nicaragua in the Alajuela province .
Valle de Trápaga - Trapagaran ( Basque : Trapagaran , Spanish : Valle de Trápaga ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Narhi ( Nagra ) is a village in Rasra Tehsil in Ballia district of Uttar Pradesh State , India .
Yashresh ( Hebrew : יַשְׁרֵשׁ , lit . ( He ) will Take Root ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Sluseholmen Canal District ( Danish : Sluseholmen Kanalby ) is a residential development on the Sluseholmen peninsula in the South Harbour area of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Kłódno ( ˈkwudnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Skanderborg Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Region Midtjylland on the Jutland peninsula in central Denmark , just southwest of Aarhus and is a part of the East Jutland metropolitan area .
Doleib Hill was a mission station established by the American Inland Mission in southern Sudan , located approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south of the city of Malakal , on the northern bank of the Sobat River , then in the former Upper Nile province of Sudan , the present day Upper Nile state of South Sudan .
Nepean Bay is a bay located on the north - east coast of Kangaroo Island , South Australia and about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) south - south - west of Adelaide .
Czarny Bór ( ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈbur ) ( German : Schwarzwaldau ) is a village in Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zellaf Reserve ( Arabic : زلاف‎ ) is a protected reserve of Libya .
Vallo della Lucania ( commonly known simply as Vallo ) is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south - western Italy .
On March 1 , 2008 , The National Parcs were awarded a MIMI - GAMIQ prize for the artist that would benefit most of support in Quebec and Canada .
El Tigre ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el ˈtiɣɾe ) ) is a city of Venezuela located in the state Anzoátegui .
Keshav Puram , also known as Lawrence Road , is a leafy suburb in the North West district of Delhi , India .
Interlagos is a middle - class neighborhood located in the district of Socorro in the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
Bengtsår is an island in the municipality of Hanko , Finland .
Emmarentia ( which usually encompases Emmarentia Ridge and Emmarentia Ext . 1 ) is a suburb of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Portland Inlet is an inlet of the Pacific Ocean on the coast of British Columbia , Canada , approximately 55 kilometers north of Prince Rupert , British Columbia .
Uunarteq , formerly Kap Tobin , is an abandoned settlement in the Sermersooq municipality in eastern Greenland , located 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) south of Ittoqqortoormiit .
Kanevka ( Russian : Каневка ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Lovozersky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 136 meters ( 446 ft ) above sea level .
The Monterrey College of Music and Dance ( Escuela Superior de Música y Danza de Monterrey in Spanish ) is a public music college in Monterrey , Mexico .
Bullenbaai is a bay on the central west coast of Curaçao in the Netherlands Antilles .
Kahur Beygi ( Persian : كهوربگي‎ , also Romanized as Kahūr Beygī ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bayswater Secondary College is a state secondary college located in the suburb of Bayswater in eastern Melbourne , Australia .
Mohammadyar District ( Persian : بخش محمدیار‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ogin - dong ( 옥인동 ) is a dong ( neighbourhood ) of Jongno - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Kombuļi parish ( Latvian : Kombuļu pagasts , Latgalian : Kumbuļa pogosts ) is an administrative unit of Krāslava Municipality , Latvia .
Veedur is a village panchayat in the Viluppuram district of Tamil Nadu state , India .
Bliżów ( ˈbliʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Left Youth Solid ( styled left youth ( ' solid ) ; German : linksjugend ( ' solid ) ) is a political youth organization in Germany .
National Museum of Colombo , also known as the Sri Lanka National Museum is one of two museums in Colombo .
Radom railway station is a railway station in Radom , Masovian Voivodeship , Poland .
Mrzla Planina ( pronounced ( ˈməɾzla plaˈniːna ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Mount Mutis is the highest point of East Nusa Tenggara , Indonesia , at 2,427 metres ( 7,963 ft ) above sea level .
Lorient ( French pronunciation : ​(lɔ.ʁjɑ̃ ) ; Breton : An Oriant ) is a commune and a seaport in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
Bicentennial Park South is a football ( soccer ) stadium in Rockdale , a suburb of Sydney in New South Wales , Australia .
Mazraeh - ye Shuru Hajjiabad ( Persian : مزرعه شوروحاجي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Shūrū Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 48 , in 10 families .
The Aswan Dam is an embankment dam built across the Nile at Aswan , Egypt between 1898 and 1902 .
The Star Mountains ( Dutch ( colonial ) : Sterrengebergte ; Indonesian Pegunungan Bintang ) are a mountain range in western Papua New Guinea , stretching from the border with Indonesia , at about 5 ° S 141 ° E to the Hindenburg Range .
Sereď was the site of one of three labour camps for Jews established in the Slovak state , a Nazi client state during World War II . The Jewish Code adopted by Slovakia in 1941 established labour camps for Jews .
The Murgul mine is a large mine in the east of Turkey in Artvin Province 465 km east of the capital , Ankara .
The Gomoa District is a former district that was located in the Central Region of Akanland , Ghana .
Ipeľský Sokolec ( Hungarian : Ipolyszakállos ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Hoykenkamp is small village in Lower Saxony , Germany , north west of Delmenhorst .
Morrano is a village in the municipality of Bierge , in the northwest comarca of Somontano de Barbastro in province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Ajloun Baptist School ( Arabic : المدرسة المعمدانية - عجلون ) is a private , co - educational school based in Jordan .
Nový Bor ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnoviː ˈbor ) ; German : Haida ) is a town in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Dorrigo Mountain , a mountain on the Great Dividing Range , is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kulusuk Airport ( Greenlandic : Mittarfik Kulusuk ) ( IATA : KUS , ICAO : BGKK ) is an airport in Kulusuk , a settlement on an island of the same name off the shore of the North Atlantic in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland .
Duivenvoorde Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Duivenvoorde ) is a castle in the town of Voorschoten , South Holland , in the Netherlands .
Universitas Terbuka ( UT , literally Open University ) is Indonesia 's 45th state university and employs open and distance learning ( ODL ) system to widen access to higher education to all Indonesian citizens , including those who live in remote islands throughout the country as well as in various parts of the world .
Ewens Ponds Conservation Park is a protected area including the Ewens Ponds and some adjoining land about 8.4 kilometres ( 5.2 mi ) east of Port MacDonnell in South Australia and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) south of Mount Gambier .
Camp Enari ( also known as Dragon Mountain Base Camp and Hensel Airfield ) is a former U.S. Army base east of Pleiku in the Central Highlands of Vietnam .
The 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships , also known as the 2014 Hancock Prospecting Pan Pacific Swimming Championships , a long course ( 50 m ) event , was held in Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia , from 21 to 25 August 2014 .
The Newmarket Line is a railway line in Auckland , New Zealand , that runs between Quay Park Junction , near Britomart Transport Centre , and Newmarket Train Station .
The Jardin botanique des Cordeliers is a botanical garden located at the Place des Cordeliers , Digne - les - Bains , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Mount Silisili is the highest peak in Samoa and the Samoa Islands chain .
The Öland Bridge ( Swedish : Ölandsbron ) is a road bridge connecting Kalmar on mainland Sweden to Färjestaden on the island of Öland to its east .
Patscherkofel is a mountain and ski area in the Alps , in Tyrol in western Austria , 7 km ( 4 mi . )
Kratié Airport ( IATA : KTI , ICAO : VDKT ) , is an airport in the capital town of Kratié in Kratié Province , Cambodia .
San Felipe del Progreso is a town and municipality in the northwest of the State of Mexico .
Si Bon ( Persian : سي بن‎ , also Romanized as Sī Bon ) is a village in Langarud Rural District , Salman Shahr District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Provincially Administered Tribal Areas ( PATA ) were Pakistani administrative subdivisions designated in the Article 246(b ) of the Constitution of Pakistan .
Kırklareli Science High School ( known as Kırklareli High School of Science or Kırklareli Fen Lisesi in Turkish ) is a high school in Kırklareli - Turkey with a concentration on science and maths .
Chottanikkara ( Malayalam : ചോറ്റാനിക്കര ) is a panchayat situated in Ernakulam District , Kerala , India .
Attica ( Greek : Αττική , Attikḗ or Attikī́ ; Ancient Greek : ( atːikɛ̌ː ) or Modern : ( atiˈci ) ) is a historical region that encompasses the city of Athens , the capital of Greece .
Mazraeh - ye Zardalu ( Persian : مزرعه زردلو‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Zardalū ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 14 , in 4 families .
Marra Biete is a former province of Ethiopia , located inside the boundaries of the modern Semien Shewa Zone of the Amhara Region , north of Shewa Meda .
The Canal du Clignon is a canal in northern France connecting Canal de l'Ourcq in Neufchelles to Montigny - l'Allier .
Aréna Sopron ( official sponsored name Novomatic Musical Aréna Sopron , previously MKB Aréna ) in a multi - purpose indoor arena in Sopron , Hungary .
Dardamel - e Hoseynali ( Persian : داردمل حسينعلي‎ , also Romanized as Dārdamel - e Ḩoseyn``alī ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 36 , in 6 families .
The Dobropillia Raion ( Ukrainian : Добропільський район , translit . : Dobropil's'kyi raion ; Russian : Добропо́льский район , translit . : Dobropol'skiy raion ) is a raion ( district ) within the southwestern part of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
In addition , the Monasterium Magnificat of Westmalle is the only monastery of the Annunciade Order in Belgium .
The Hollandsche Vliegtuigenfabriek Avia was a two seat biplane , designed and displayed in the Netherlands in 1918 .
Waikato Diocesan School for Girls is a state - integrated single - sex girls ' secondary school in Hamilton , New Zealand .
Rural districts were a type of local government area -- now superseded -- established at the end of the 19th century in England , Wales , and Ireland for the administration of predominantly rural areas at a level lower than that of the administrative counties .
Tahvonlahti ( Finnish ) , Stansvik ( Swedish ) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Ministry of National Defense Ministry FC , is a football ( soccer ) club in Phnom Penh , Cambodia .
Matlock , Manitoba is a resort community that comprises the southernmost part of the Village of Dunnottar , Manitoba , Canada , on the southwestern shore of Lake Winnipeg .
Aquanura is the name of a fountain system in the Efteling theme park in the Netherlands .
Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque ( Arabic : مسجد السيدة زينب‎ ) is a mosque located in the city of Sayyidah Zaynab , in the southern suburbs of Damascus , Syria .
The Old Dalby Test Track is a railway in the United Kingdom which is used for testing new designs of trains .
Beyt - e Bavi ( Persian : بيت باوي‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e Bāvī ; also known as Bāvi , Shamaklī , Shemālī , and Shomakelī ) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Sydney Mint in Sydney , Australia , is the oldest public building in the Sydney Central Business District .
Chalno - Parcele ( ˈxalnɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Alborzabad ( Persian : البرزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Alborzābād ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Redwood Railway Station on the suburban rail network of Wellington , New Zealand , is on the North Island Main Trunk Railway ( NIMT ) .
Lake Smerdiacheje ( Озеро Смердячье - lake which smells bad ) is a small lake in Moscow Oblast of Russia near Shatura 4 km north from the nearest village Bakhscheevo ( Бакшеево ) .
Pelopio ( Greek : Πελόπιο , before 1928 : Κριεκούκι - Kriekouki ) is a settlement in the municipality of Ancient Olympia , Elis , Greece .
Roghun District or Nohiyai Roghun ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Роғун / Persian : ناحیهٔ راغون‎ ) is a small district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan , bordering on Faizobod District from the west , the Vahdat District from the north - west , and the Nurobod District from the north - east .
Lake Rukwa is an endorheic lake in the Rukwa Valley of southwestern Tanzania .
The Hoddle Bridge is an arch bridge over the Yarra River between Richmond and South Yarra , Melbourne , Australia .
Shalkar ( Kazakh : Шалқар ) is a town and the administrative center of Shalkar District in Aktobe Region of western Kazakhstan .
Boneh - ye Molla Ahmad ( Persian : بنه ملااحمد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Mollā Aḩmad ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Yakubu Gowon Airport ( IATA : JOS , ICAO : DNJO ) , also known as Jos Airport , is an airport serving Jos , a city in the Plateau State of Nigeria .
Zarqi ( Persian : زرقي‎ , also Romanized as Zarqī ) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qasr Ibrim ( Arabic : قصر ابريم‎ ) is an archaeological site in Lower Nubia , located in the modern country of Egypt .
Local government responsibilities are shared by Burnley Borough Council and Lancashire County Council ; at a national level the town gives its name to a seat in the United Kingdom parliament and as a result is subject to the European Parliament .
Eshkalan ( Persian : اشكلن‎ , also Romanized as Eshkalān ) is a village in Lulaman Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The National Schools Symphony Orchestra -- known for short as the NSSO -- is a national orchestra in which the members are young people of secondary school age living in and around the United Kingdom .
Sowali is a village in India , under the district of Nanded and is located between Biloli and Bodhan .
Monte Maggiorasca is a mountain on the border between Liguria and Emilia - Romagna , northern Italy .
Sant Andreu de Tresponts is a Benedictine monastery in the Province of Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .
Binayak Acharya College is a college situated near Haradakhandi , in Berhampur , Odisha , India .
Lago Arancio ( Italian for `` orange tree lake '' ) is a lake in the Province of Agrigento , Sicily , Italy .
Ünlükaya ( formerly Narman and Kışlaköy ) is a town in Erzurum Province , Turkey .
Rożenno ( rɔˈʐɛnnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Herz - Jesu - Kirche ( English : Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus ) is the largest church in Graz , Austria .
Karangetang ( also known as Api Siau ) is a volcano located on the north side of Siau Island off the coast of Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Khmer Loeu ( Khmer : ខ្មែរលើ , Khmer pronunciation : ( kʰmae ləː ) , `` upland Khmer '' ) , is the collective name given to the various indigenous ethnic groups residing in the highlands of Cambodia .
Skhirat ( Arabic : الصخيرات‎ , Spanish : Sjirat ) is a small seaside town situated between the administrative capital Rabat and the economic capital Casablanca , known within Morocco for its idyllic beaches on the edge of the Atlantic Ocean .
Porta San Pancrazio is one of the southern gates of the Aurelian walls in Rome ( Italy ) .
Emmaboda is a locality and the seat of Emmaboda Municipality , Kalmar County , Sweden .
Wachwaqucha ( Quechua wachwa Andean goose , qucha lake , lagoon , `` Andean goose lake '' , hispanicized spelling Huachuguacocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region , Huarochiri Province , Carampoma District .
Buol Regency ( Indonesian : Kabupaten Buol ) is a regency ( second - level administrative division ) of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia .
Gharo Wind Power Plant is an underconstruction wind power generation project being built in the persistently wind - swept corridor of Gharo , Sindh , Pakistan .
Yttergran Church ( Swedish : Yttergrans kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County , Sweden .
Leknes Airport ( Norwegian : Leknes lufthavn ) ( IATA : LKN , ICAO : ENLK ) is a regional airport serving the town of Leknes and the surrounding areas in the Lofoten archipelago in Nordland county , Norway .
Ailama or Ahlama ( Georgian : აილამა , აჰლამა ) is a peak in the central part of the Svaneti section of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range , located in the Samegrelo - Zemo Svaneti region of Georgia , at the source of the river Koruldashi .
Diners Club Arena , originally known as Eishalle Lido , is an indoor sporting arena located in Rapperswil , Switzerland .
The Scenics are a band from Toronto , Ontario , Canada , active from 1976 to 1982 , and from 2008 to the present .
Berkat Tush ( Persian : بركت توش‎ , also Romanized as Berkat Tūsh ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Ontario Hockey Federation ( OHF ) is the governing body of all sanctioned ice hockey in the province of Ontario in Canada , except for those portions governed by Hockey Northwestern Ontario and the Hockey Eastern Ontario .
The 1969 European Cup Final was a football match held at the Santiago Bernabéu , Madrid , on 28 May 1969 , that saw Milan of Italy play against Ajax of the Netherlands to determine who would be the champions of Europe that season .
Burgwalde is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia , Germany , part of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Hanstein - Rusteberg .
Nowshera Junction railway station ( Urdu : نوشہرہ جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Nowshera city , Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan .
In 1998 DMG Radio Australia bought both 2WG and FM93 ( now 93.1 StarFM ) .
Dar Badam ( Persian : داربادام‎ , also Romanized as Dār Bādām ; also known as Dār Bādām - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 342 , in 73 families .
Sela pri Šmarju ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈʃmaːɾju ) ; in older sources also Selo , German : Sela ) is a small village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Quốc Ân Temple ( Chùa Quốc Ân ) is a Buddhist temple in the city of Huế , central Vietnam .
Ambelau or Ambalau is a volcanic island in the Banda Sea within Maluku Islands of Indonesia .
Österlånggatan ( Swedish : Eastern Long Street ) is a street in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
Kuruwita is a town in the Ratnapura District of Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka .
Islamabad ( /ɪzˈlɑːməˌbɑːd/ ; Urdu : اسلام آباد‎ , Islāmābād , Urdu pronunciation : ( ɪsˌlɑːmɑˈbɑːd̪ ) ) is the capital city of Pakistan located within the Islamabad Capital Territory .
Jamsil Indoor Swimming Pool ( Hangul : 잠실 제1수영장 ; hanja : 蠶室第1水泳場 ) is an aquatics venue located in Seoul , South Korea .
Castello Cova ( `` Cova Castle '' ) , also known as Palazzo Viviani Cova ( `` Viviani - Cova Palace '' ) is a historical building in Milan , northern Italy , close to the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio .
Thekkumbhagam ( Malayalam : തെക്കുംഭാഗം/പരവൂര്‍ തെക്കുംഭാഗം ) or Thekkumbhagom is the southern border town of Paravur municipality in the Kollam district of Kerala , India .
Timoradza ( Hungarian : Timorháza ) is a village and municipality in Bánovce nad Bebravou District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
The Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University , more often referred to by the acronym `` DMMMSU '' ( pronounced DEEM - su ) is the state university serving the province of La Union in the Philippines .
Čabraď Castle ( Slovak : Čabradský hrad , Hungarian : Csábrág ) is a castle ruin in Slovakia near the village of Čabradský Vrbovok , in the southeast of Krupina .
Sefkerin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сефкерин ) is a village in Serbia .
Duchny - Wieluny ( ˈduxnɨ vjɛˈlunɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Wonderland City was an amusement park located at Tamarama , on Wonderland Avenue near the point at which it joins Fletcher Street , in Sydney , Australia .
Novokuznetsk ( Russian : Новокузнецк ; IPA : ( nəvəkʊzˈnʲɛtsk ) ; literally : `` new smith 's '' ) is a city in Kemerovo Oblast in south - western Siberia , Russia .
Brisbane Square is a high - rise building in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Archeologisch Museum Haarlem is a museum in the cellar of the Vleeshal on the Grote Markt in Haarlem , the Netherlands , dedicated to promoting interest and conserving the archeological heritage of Kennemerland .
Črešnjevec pri Dragatušu ( pronounced ( ˈtʃɾeːʃnjɛʋəts pɾi dɾaɡaˈtuːʃu ) ; German : Kerschdorf ) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Larressore ( Basque Larresoro ) is a town in the traditional Basque province of Labourd , now a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Ghonchi , also Ganchi ( Tajik : Ғончӣ , Persian : غانچی‎‎ , Russian : Ганчи ) , is a town and Jamoat in northern Tajikistan .
Soongsil University College of Law is part of Soongsil University ( SSU ) , a private Christian university in South Korea .
The Vancouver Downtown Historic Railway was a heritage streetcar line that operated from 1998 to 2011 between Granville Island and Olympic Village Station ( north of 6th Ave just east of Ash Street ) in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Strojców ( ˈstrɔi̯t͡suf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Brisbane Bombers NRL Expansion Bid strategy is based on a `` Battle for Brisbane '' , seeking to provide a push for a second Rugby League side in Brisbane , as well as a team to rival the Broncos in Australia 's 3rd largest city .
Central Volcanic Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in the central part of Costa Rica , notably the volcanic areas of the Cordillera Central .
Macea Castle , also called Cernovici Castle or Csernovics Castle is located in Macea Commune , Arad County , Romania is an architectural monument built in the 19th century .
São Miguel do Araguaia is city in northeastern Goiás state , Brazil .
Teruel Airport ( IATA : TEV , ICAO : LETL ) is an airport near Teruel , Teruel ( Province ) , Spain .
Unitsa ( Russian : Уница ) is a village in Republic of Karelia , Russia , on a bank of Unitskaya Gulf of Lake Onega .
Västerås Central Hospital ( Swedish : Västmanlands sjukhus Västerås or Västerås Centrallasarett ) in Västerås is the county hospital of Västmanland County in Sweden .
Prajurit ( also spelled Pandjurit ) is an islet in Indonesia some 3 kilometers ( 1.9 mi ) off the cost of Sumatra in the Sunda Strait .
The Sayisi Dene , ( People of the East ) , are Chipewyan , a Dene First Nation Aboriginal peoples of Canada group living in northern Manitoba .
The Sella Towers ( German : Sellatürme ; Italian : Torri del Sella ) are four summits in the Sella group in South Tyrol , Italy .
Villa Fontanelle is a villa ( sometimes called a Palazzo ) near Moltrasio on Lake Como , Lombardy , Italy , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Milan .
Gwanggyosan ( 582 m ) is a small mountain in Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Kieta is a port town located on the eastern coast of the island of Bougainville in Papua New Guinea , near the township of Arawa .
Burning Log is a television program which airs traditionally on Christmas Eve or Christmas morning on the Shaw TV community channels in Canada .
Trasierra / Tierras de Granadilla , traditionally known as Tierras de Granadilla , is a comarca at the northern end of province of Cáceres in Extremadura , one of Spain 's seventeen Autonomous Communities .
Lelygebergte Airstrip ( IATA : SMLI ) , is an airstrip near Lelygebergte , Suriname .
Mencui is a village in the municipality Soriguera , located in the comarca of Pallars Sobirà , in Catalonia , Spain .
Mahiabad - e Pain ( Persian : مهي ابادپائين‎ , also Romanized as Mahīābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Musei di San Domenico are a set of museums in Forlì in Italy .
The Otago Province was a province of New Zealand until the abolition of provincial government in 1876 .
General Antonio Luna Avenue is a two - lane national road and one of the major thoroughfares of San Mateo , Rizal in the Philippines .
The Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning ( VCAL ) is a ' hands - on ' option for students in Years 11 and 12 in Victoria , Australia .
Behibagh is a village located in the Kulgam district in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Pemzashen ( Armenian : Պեմզաշեն ; formerly , Makhmudzhug , Mahmnutcuk , and Magmudzhuk ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Calgary Centre - North ( formerly known as Calgary North Centre ) was a federal electoral district in Alberta , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004 to 2015 .
The Chagres River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈtʃaɣɾes ) ) , in central Panama , is the largest river in the Panama Canal 's watershed .
The Sderot Railway Station is a railway station located near the southern entrance to Sderot , Israel .
Nargesi - ye Alimordan ( Persian : نرگسي عليمردان‎ , also Romanized as Nargesī - ye ʿAlīmordān ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gemerček ( Hungarian : Kisgömöri ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Øystese Church ( Norwegian : Øystese kyrkje ) is a parish church in Kvam municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
It is the capital of the Venilale Subdistrict in Baucau District , East Timor .
Battal is a town / village and union council ( an administrative subdivision ) of Mansehra District in Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Zarouchleika ( Greek : Ζαρουχλέικα ) is a residential neighbourhood in the southern part of the city of Patras , Greece .
Qrendi ( Maltese : Il - Qrendi ) is a small village in the Southern Region of Malta , with a population of 2752 people as of March 2014 .
The remnant magnetization of siltstones and sandstones suggests a depositional age of 16 - 5.2 million years with Karnali River exposing the oldest part of the Sivalik Hills in Nepal .
Lake Smaller Ritsa ( Georgian : პატარა რიწა ) , located in north - western Georgia , is a lake in the Caucasus Mountains , surrounded by mixed mountain forests and subalpine meadows .
Grodzisk - Wieś ( ˈɡrɔd͡ʑisk ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kuh - e Zir ( Persian : كوه زير‎ , also Romanized as Kūh - e Zīr ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wesley Junior College ( WJC ) is a Christian college in Belize .
The Zezë is a river in western Albania , a source river of the Ishëm River .
Engelszell Abbey ( German : Stift Engelszell ) is a Trappist monastery , the only one in Austria .
Dhashokubaa is one of the nine traditional divisions in Fuvahmulah , Maldives .
University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust ( UCLH ) is an NHS foundation trust based in London , United Kingdom .
Cape Foulwind is a prominent headland on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island , overlooking the Tasman Sea .
Kärla - Kulli is a village in Lääne - Saare Parish ( prior to 2014 part of Kärla Parish ) , Saare County in western Estonia on the island of Saaremaa .
Nhamundá River or Jamundá River ( Yamundá River in Spanish ) is a river in northern Brazil , which marks part of the northeastern boundary between states of Amazonas and Pará .
Southwell School , is an independent co - educational Anglican boarding and day school set in 32 acres of park like grounds in central Hamilton , New Zealand .
Sydney Motorsport Park ( known until May 2012 as Eastern Creek International Raceway ) is a motorsport circuit located on Brabham Drive , Eastern Creek ( 40-kilometres west of the Sydney CBD ) , New South Wales , Australia , adjacent to the Western Sydney International Dragway .
Qatlish - ye Sofla ( Persian : قتليش سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qatlīsh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qatlīsh and Kātlīsh ) is a village in Gifan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Overijse ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈoːvərɛi̯sə ) ) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant , in Flanders , Belgium .
Al - Ahsa International Airport ( Arabic : مطار الأحساء الدولي‎ , IATA : HOF , ICAO : OEAH ) is an airport serving Hofuf ( also known as Al - Ahsa or Al - Hasa ) , a city in Eastern Province , Saudi Arabia .
Węgorzyce ( vɛnɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Wangeritz ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osina , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Kathmandu Valley ( Nepali : काठमाडौं उपत्यका , Newar : स्वनिगः , नेपाः गाः ) , located in Nepal , lies at the crossroads of ancient civilizations of Asia , and has at least 130 important monuments , including several pilgrimage sites for Hindus and Buddhists .
Manly Hospital provides medical services to the Northern Beaches area of Sydney , Australia .
Leutzsch is a western suburb of Leipzig in Saxony , Germany .
Gjemnes Church ( Norwegian : Gjemnes kyrkje ) is a parish church in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Adventures of Dudley the Dragon is a children 's television series which aired in Canada on YTV and the United States on public television stations , through Tampa , Florida PBS member station WEDU .
Mansilla de las Mulas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( manˈsiʎa ðe laz ˈmulas ) ) , Mansiella in Leonese language , is a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Butaw District ( Buto ) is one of 16 districts of Sinoe County , Liberia .
The Jyrgalan River ( Kyrgyz : Жыргалаң ) is a river in Kyrgyzstan .
Gonio fortress ( Georgian : გონიოს ციხე , previously called Apsaros , or Apsaruntos ) , is a Roman fortification in Adjara , Georgia , on the Black Sea , 15 km south of Batumi , at the mouth of the Chorokhi river .
Volčji Grad ( pronounced ( ˈʋoːu̯tʃji ˈɡɾaːt ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Khaneqah Bar ( Persian : خانقاه بر‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh Bar ; also known as Chamūsh Maḩalleh and Khāneqāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
In the Netherlands , the Boekenweek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbukə(n)ʋeːk ) ; English : Book Week ) is an annual `` week '' of ten days dedicated to Dutch literature .
Geri Doveji ( Persian : گري دوجي‎‎ , also Romanized as Gerī Dovejī ; also known as Gerī ) is a village in Sheykh Musa Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Tzrufa ( Hebrew : צְרוּפָה ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Kribi Airport ( IATA : KBI , ICAO : FKKB ) is a public use airport located 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) southeast of Kribi , on the Gulf of Guinea , in the Océan Department , Sud Region , Cameroon .
Bagh - e Barzuiyeh ( Persian : باغ برزوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Barzū’īyeh ; also known as Bāghborzī ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ghar Javin is the name of a mountain pass and of a nearby village in Badakhshan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
Miranda do Douro ( Portuguese : ( miˈɾɐ̃dɐ ðu ˈðowɾu ) ) or Miranda de l Douro ( Mirandese : ( miˈɾãdɐ ðɨɫ ˈðawɾu ) ) is a town and a municipality in the district of Bragança , northeastern Portugal .
Braamfontein ( English : blackberry fountain ) is a central suburb of Johannesburg , in South Africa .
During the Korean War , the university was occupied by North Korea and Seoul National University Hospital Massacre occurred , then temporarily merged with other universities in South Korea , located in Busan .
Hradčany ( common Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦrat͡ʃanɪ ) ; German : Hradschin ) , the Castle District , is the district of the city of Prague , Czech Republic , surrounding the Prague Castle .
Solagii Istiqlol ( Persian : ۱۰ سالگی استقلال‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Librazhd is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County , eastern Albania .
Tech Gate Vienna is a science and technology park in the City of Vienna , Austria , situated in the 22nd district Donaustadt .
Ramsund Chapel ( Norwegian : Ramsund kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Tjeldsund in Nordland county , Norway .
Lishan i Sipërm is a village in the former municipality of Luzni , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) away from Peshkopi in northeastern Albania .
Kollsnes is a natural gas processing plant operated by Statoil on the southern part of the island Oøy in the municipality of Øygarden in Hordaland county , Norway .
Üsküdar ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ysˈcydaɾ ) ) , formerly known as Scutari , is a large and densely populated district and municipality of Istanbul , Turkey , on the Anatolian shore of the Bosphorus .
Vaskút ( Croatian : Baškut or Vaškut ) is a large village in Bács - Kiskun county , in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary .
The Muskwa Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Wola Kęczewska ( ˈvɔla kɛnˈt͡ʂɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
`` Worcester woman '' is a political term used by polling companies in the United Kingdom .
Viaduto do Chá is a viaduct of São Paulo , Brazil .
Tomas Claudio Memorial Elementary School , formerly called Tomas Claudio Memorial School , was constructed in 1921 in honor of Private Tomas Mateo Claudio , the first Filipino hero of Morong , Rizal , in the Philippines , who died during World War I in France .
Essen - Frohnhausen station is situated in Essen in western Germany .
Meistersel Castle is a ruined castle near Ramberg on the outskirts of the Palatinate Forest in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Mahandiana - Sokourani ( also spelled Mahandiana - Soukourani ) is a town in north - western Ivory Coast .
The Atatürk Dam ( Turkish : Atatürk Barajı ) , originally the Karababa Dam , is a zoned rock - fill dam with a central core on the Euphrates River on the border of Adıyaman Province and Şanlıurfa Province in the Southeastern Anatolia Region of Turkey .
Risovača Cave is situated at the very entrance of the town of Aranđelovac , Serbia .
Ouaninou ( also spelled Waninou ) is a town in northwest Ivory Coast .
The Umea Region ( Swedish : Umeåregionen ) is a functional region which consists of six co - operating municipalities in north Sweden ;
The Tanin gas field ( Hebrew : מאגר תנין‎ , `` Crocodile reservoir '' ) is a natural gas reservoir located 120 kmoff the coast of Israel .
Prijaci ( Serbian : Пријаци ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Žižki ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːʃki ) ; Hungarian : Zsizsekszer ) is a village in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Svínoy ( Danish : Svinø ) is an island located in the north - east of the Faroe Islands , to the east of Borðoy and Viðoy .
Jieitai - Mae Station ( 自衛隊前駅 ) is a rapid transit station in Minami - ku , Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan .
Sapzurro is a small town on the Caribbean Sea located in the northwest corner of the Republic of Colombia .
Besh - Kungey ( also Besh - Kyungey , Kyrgyz : Беш-Күнгөй ) is a village in the Alamudun District in Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Jamshahi ( Persian : جم شاهي‎ , also Romanized as Jamshāhī ) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Malá nad Hronom ( Hungarian : Kicsind ) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of southwest Slovakia .
Medamud ( from the Ancient Egyptian Madu ) was a settlement in Ancient Egypt .
Klavže ( pronounced ( ˈklaːu̯ʒɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Bača Valley in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Leogang is a municipality in the district of Zell am See ( Pinzgau region ) , in the state of Salzburg in Austria .
Suvi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is near Badargadh village .
Marun - e Jayezan ( Persian : مارون جايزان‎ , also Romanized as Mārūn - e Jāyezān and Mārūn - e Jāyzān ; also known as Mārūn ) is a village in Jayezan Rural District , Jayezan District , Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Glafki ( Greek : Γλαύκη , previously known as Giouktse Bounter ) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Bhagur is a city and a municipal council in Nashik District in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Lokkaren Bridge ( Norwegian : Lokkarbrua or Lokkaren bru ) is a suspension bridge that crosses the strait Lokkarsundet between the mainland in Namsos and the island of Otterøya in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Everdingen is a former municipality in the Netherlands .
Dubai Museum ( Arabic : متحف دبي‎ ) is the main museum in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Peterborough Lift Lock is a boat lift located on the Trent Canal in the city of Peterborough , Ontario , Canada , and is Lock 21 on the Trent - Severn Waterway .
Arvandkenar ( Persian : اروندكنار‎ , also Romanized as Arvandkenār and Arvand Kenār ) is a city in and the capital of Arvandkenar District , in Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Greifswald University Library ( German : Universitätsbibliothek Greifswald ) is the official library of the University of Greifswald , situated in Greifswald , Germany .
Krafla is a caldera of about 10 km in diameter with a 90 km long fissure zone , in the north of Iceland in the Mývatn region .
Cerro Batoví is a hill in Uruguay , with an altitude of 224 metres ( 734.9 ft ) .
Kedu Plain , also known as Progo River valley , is the fertile volcanic plain that lies between the volcanoes , Mount Sumbing and Mount Sundoro to the west , and Mount Merbabu and Mount Merapi to the east of Central Java , Indonesia .
The Upper Moselle ( German : Obermosel ) is the name given in Germany to that section of the River Moselle , 45 kilometres long , that runs from the Franco - German - Luxembourg tripoint near Perl to its confluence with the Saar near Konz shortly before Trier .
Michrów - Stefów ( ˈmixruf ˈstɛfuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Alliance for Patriotic Reorientation and Construction is a political party in the Gambia , founded by army officers who staged a coup in 1994 .
San Matías Integrated Management Natural Area ( Área Natural de Manejo Integrado San Matías ) is a protected area in Bolivia located in the Santa Cruz Department .
Salelologa is a village district at the east end of Savai'i island in Samoa .
Barra da Tijuca ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈbaʀɐ dɐ tiˈʒukɐ ) ) ( mostly referenced as Barra ) is a neighborhood or bairro in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , located in the western portion of the city on the Atlantic Ocean .
Przemysławów ( pʂɛmɨˈswavuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławów , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The 2004 UCI Cyclo - cross World Championships were held in Pont - Château , France on Saturday January 31 and Sunday February 1 , 2004 .
Moulin Rouge ( French pronunciation : ​(mu.lɛ̃ ʁuʒ ) , French for `` Red Mill '' ) is a cabaret in Paris , France .
Bachórz ( ˈbaxuʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Бахір Bakhir ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dynów , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Karawatha Forest or Karawatha nature reserve is approximately 1,000 hectares of bushland in the Brisbane suburbs of Karawatha and Stretton , Australia .
In India , Municipal Councils or Town Municipalities or Nagar Palika or Municipality is an urban local body that administers a city of population 100,000 or more .
Çaltı is a belde ( town ) in Söğüt district of Bilecik Province , Turkey .
Skujene parish ( Latvian : Skujenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Amata Municipality , Latvia .
Palazzo Mezzanotte ( `` Midnight Palace '' ) , also known as Palazzo delle Borse ( `` Stock Exchange Palace '' ) is a 20th - century building of Milan , Italy , and the seat of the Italian stock exchange .
Gharatgha ( also , Karatag , K’arat’agh , and Karatga ) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Santa Ana del Yacuma Airport ( IATA : SBL , ICAO : SLSA ) is an airport in Santa Ana del Yacuma , Bolivia .
Veden Manor ( Norwegian : Veden hovedgård or Veden gård , also spelled Veen ) is a manor in Tistedalen in Halden , Norway , and a former privileged noble estate .
Lagunilla del Jubera is a municipality in the autonomous community of La Rioja , northern Spain , located in the Jubera River valley 19 kilometers ( 12 miles ) from the capital , Logroño .
Lumbovka ( Russian : Лумбовка ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in administrative jurisdiction of the closed administrative - territorial formation of Ostrovnoy in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula , beyond the Arctic Circle , at an elevation of 1 meter ( 3 ft 3 in ) above sea level .
Torotoro National Park ( Spanish `` Parque Nacional Torotoro '' ) is a small national park in Bolivia , situated among the eastern mountain ranges of the South American Andes cordilleras .
In 2004 , Bunte was the eighth best selling magazine in Germany ( 7.4 % coverage ) , second in women 's magazines behind Bild der Frau ( 8.2 % coverage ) .
Merkholtz railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Mäerkels , French : Gare de Merkholtz , German : Bahnhof Merkholtz ) is a railway station serving Merkholtz , in the commune of Kiischpelt , in northern Luxembourg .
The St Nazaire Raid or Operation Chariot was a successful British amphibious attack on the heavily defended Normandie dry dock at St Nazaire in German - occupied France during the Second World War .
Iisalmi ( Swedish : Idensalmi ) is a town and municipality in the Region of Northern Savonia in Finland .
The uninhabited Triple Islands are an island group located in Bathurst Inlet , south of Victoria Island , west of the Kent Peninsula , in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
The Lacandon Jungle ( Spanish : Selva Lacandona ) is an area of rainforest which stretches from Chiapas , Mexico into Guatemala and into the southern part of the Yucatán Peninsula .
Şiştəpə ( also , Shishtepe ) is a village and municipality in the Shamkir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Victoria Park Avenue is a major north - south route in eastern Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Sanisvara Siva Temple is a Mandir situated at Gosagaresvara Precinct southern of Paradaresvara Siva Temple , Orissa , India .
Ubobo is located south of Gladstone and Calliope along Highway 69 in Central Queensland , Australia .
The Col d'Aubisque ( Occitan : Còth d'Aubisca ) ( elevation 1,709 m ( 5,607 ft ) ) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees 30 km ( 19 mi ) south of Tarbes and Pau in the department of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques , in the Aquitaine region of France .
The İstanbul Cup is a WTA tennis tournament held in İstanbul , Turkey , organised for professional female tennis players .
Peykuh ( Persian : پيكوه‎ , also Romanized as Peykūh and Pey Kūh ; also known as Pā Kūh , Pāye Kūh , Pa yi Kūh , and Peykū ) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District , Deyhuk District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Polish Air Force Academy ( Polish : Wyższa Szkoła Oficerska Sił Powietrznych ) is located in Deblin , eastern Poland .
The José Luis Cuevas Museum and the Church of Santa Inés are located just off the Zocalo within the Historic center of Mexico City , in Mexico City , Mexico .
Damascus International Airport ( Arabic , مطار دمشق الدولي ) ( IATA : DAM , ICAO : OSDI ) is the international airport of Damascus , the capital of Syria .
The Arboretum de Charvols , of approximately hectare extent , also called the Arboretum du Plateau de La Chaise - Dieu , is an arboretum located in Malvières , Haute - Loire , Auvergne , France .
Fenua Tapu is an islet of Nui atoll in the Pacific Ocean state of Tuvalu .
Zbaków Górny ( ˈzbakuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dushak is a small town in the Karakum Desert on the rim of the Kopet Dag mountains of Ahal Province , Turkmenistan .
Anglesboro or Anglesborough ( Irish : Gleann na gCreabhar , historically anglicized as Gleanagruer ) is a small village at the foot of the Galtee Mountains , in south - east County Limerick , Ireland .
Dolné Saliby ( Hungarian : Alsószeli ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
De IJsselderby is a football rivalry in the Netherlands between PEC Zwolle from Zwolle and the Deventer side Go Ahead Eagles .
Vranoviči ( pronounced ( ˈwɾaːnɔʋitʃi ) ; German : Uranowitsch ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Lahinja River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The Corio Bay is one of numerous bays in the southwest corner of Australia 's Port Phillip , and is the bay on which abuts the City of Geelong .
Little Current Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CNZ9 ) , was located in the town of Northeastern Manitoulin and the Islands , Ontario , Canada , 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) west of the community of Little Current .
École secondaire Georges - P .- Vanier is a French first language high school located in the Westdale Village district in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Pativilca is a town in central Peru , capital of the district Pativilca in the province Barranca in the region Lima .
Djelfa ( Arabic : الجلفة‎ ) is the capital city of Djelfa province , Algeria and the site of Ancient city and former bishopric Fallaba , which remains a Latin catholic titular see .
The Goyder Lagoon is a large ephemeral swamp in the arid north - eastern region of South Australia .
The Wittmoor bog trackway is the name given to each of two prehistoric corduroy roads , trackway No . I being discovered in 1898 and trackway No . II in 1904 in the Wittmoor bog in northern Hamburg , Germany .
El Borma ( Arabic : اﻟﺒﺮﻣﺔ‎ ) is a town and commune , which is coextensive with El Borma District , in Ouargla Province , Algeria .
Welkom ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋɛlkom ) ) is a city in the Free State province of South Africa , located about 140 kilometres ( 90 mi ) northeast of Bloemfontein , the provincial capital .
Umba Valley is a geographic area in Tanzania and the world 's only source of Umba sapphires .
Pohénégamook , Quebec ( pop . 2940 ) is a Canadian town on the Canada--
Yakkala is a township located on Colombo - Kandy Highway ( A1 ) , 30 km away from Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Davispur ( Urdu : ڈیوس پور‎ ) , also known as Tibiwala ( Urdu : ٹبی والا‎ ) , is a small village in the Sargodha district of Punjab , Pakistan .
Chervonohrad ( Ukrainian : Червоноград , Polish : Czerwonogród ) is a mining city located in the Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine .
Possenhofen Castle ( German : Schloss Possenhofen ) is located in the town of Possenhofen on the western shore of Lake Starnberg in Bavaria , Germany .
Lohrasb ( Persian : لهراسب‎ , also Romanized as Lohrāsb ; also known as Lohrāsbeh and Lohrāsbīyeh ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Central Cemetery in Szczecin is a municipal cemetery in Szczecin , Poland .
Commune of Muyinga is a commune of Muyinga Province in northeastern Burundi .
ICAI School of Engineering ( Escuela Técnica Superior de Ingeniería - ICAI in Spanish ) is the school of engineering of the Comillas Pontifical University , located in Madrid , Spain .
Many devotees visit the place from various parts of India and offer holy water of Ganges to the deity collected from Sultangunj , Bhagalpur district in Bihar , which is almost 135 km from Basukinath .
Góra Blachowa ( ˈɡura blaˈxɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chikiti ( also known as Chikati or Chikitigarh ) is a town and a notified area committee in Ganjam district in the state of Odisha , India .
Mount Voma is the third highest mountain in Fiji .
Banikhet is located about seven kilometers from Dalhousie , India .
Alexandroupoli Airport `` Dimokritos '' ( Greek : Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Αλεξανδρούπολης `` Δημόκριτος '' , Kratikós Aeroliménas Alexandrúpolis `` Dimókritos '' ) ( IATA : AXD , ICAO : LGAL ) is an airport serving Alexandroupoli , Greece ( IATA : AXD , ICAO : LGAL ) .
Sidon or Saïda ( Arabic : صيدا‎ , صيدون , Ṣaydā ; Phoenician : , Ṣdn ; Biblical Hebrew : צִידוֹן , Ṣīḏōn ; Greek : Σιδών ; Latin : Sidon ; Turkish : Sayda ) is the third - largest city in Lebanon .
Karnal Airport , ( ICAO : VI40 ) , the home of `` Karnal Aviation Club '' ( `` Karnal Flying Club '' ) , is an airstrip situated about 3 km east of Karnal in the state of Haryana , India .
The Empire of Atlantium is a micronation and secular , pluralist progressive lobby group based in New South Wales , Australia .
Tel Afar District ( Turkish : Telafer ) is a district in Ninawa Governorate , Iraq .
Dianella White Eagles SC is an Australian soccer club based in Perth , Western Australia which was established by the local Serbian Australian community .
Fuss Peak ( Russian : Вулкан Фусса ) is an active stratovolcano located on the southern end of Paramushir Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Taden ( Breton : Taden , Gallo : Taden ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Austertana Chapel ( Norwegian : Austertana kapell ) is a parish church in Deatnu - Tana Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Sobenja Vas ( pronounced ( sɔˈbeːnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Sobenja vas ) is a small village in the eastern foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Belmond Hotel Caruso is a hotel located in the hill town of Ravello , near Amalfi in southern Italy .
Shahqoli Kandi ( Persian : شاهقلي كندي‎ , also Romanized as Shāhqolī Kandī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tirsuli West , or Trishuli West , is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Chamoli district of Uttarakhand , India .
Bojnice ( Hungarian : Bajmóc , German : Weinitz ) is a historical town in central Slovakia at the upper Nitra river , near the city of Prievidza .
Taihape is located near the middle of the North Island in the Rangitikei Borough of New Zealand .
Sacrario militare di Pocol ( also known as Ossario di Pocol ) is a cemetery and shrine near Passo Falzarego , in the locality of Pocol in the comune of Cortina d'Ampezzo in the Veneto region of northern Italy .
Hässleholm Municipality ( Hässleholms kommun ) is a municipality in Skåne County in southern Sweden .
Gisborne Intermediate School is a co - ed intermediate school in Gisborne , New Zealand .
The Anglo - Irish Trade Agreement was signed on 25 April 1938 by Ireland and the United Kingdom .
Wola Uhruska ( ˈvɔla uˈxruska ) is a village in Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Velyka Novosilka Raion ( Ukrainian : Великоновосілківський район ) is one of the 33 raions of Donetsk Oblast , located in southwestern Ukraine .
Spodnje Jelenje ( in older sources also Dolenje Jelenje , German : Unterjeline ) is a small settlement northwest of Dole pri Litiji in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Basqal ( also , Azizbekovo , Baskal , and Baskhal ) is a settlement and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Godfreys are a niche appliance retailer based in Australia and New Zealand that primarily sell vacuum cleaners .
Maaria - Paattinen ( Finnish ; S : t Marie - Patis in Swedish ) is a ward ( suuralue , storområde ) of Turku , Finland , also known as Ward 9 .
Jurong Lake ( Chinese : 裕廊湖 ; Malay : Tasik Jurong ; Tamil : ஜூரோங் ஏரி ) is a 70 ha freshwater lake and reservoir located in the western region of Singapore formed with the damming of Sungei Jurong further downstream .
Dolna Kremena is a village located in Mezdra Municipality , within Bulgaria 's Vratsa Province , and is located approximately 4 kilometers from the town of Mezdra .
Ab Khizuiyeh ( Persian : ابخيزوييه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Khīzūīyeh and Ābkhīzūeeyeh ) is a village in Dasht - e Khak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shibar District ( pop . : 25,532 in the year 2011 ) is located in the western end of the Bamyan Province in Afghanistan .
Ushkovsky ( Russian : Ушковский , formerly known as Plosky ) is a large volcanic massif located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Malat ( Persian : ملاط‎‎ , also Romanized as Malāţ ) is a village in Daryasar Rural District , Kumeleh District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hombourg - Haut ( German : Oberhomburg ) is a commune located in the department of Moselle , region of Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine , north - eastern France .
Lake Bant , or Banter See in German , is an artificial lake in the North Sea port city of Wilhelmshaven in north - west Germany .
Båvrojávrre is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Sweden .
Semice is a village and municipality in Nymburk District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Francisco Josephinum Secondary College and Research Institute ( HBLFA ) in Wieselburg is a secondary school for agriculture in Austria .
Sultanbeyli ( pronounced ( sulˈtanbejli ) ) is a working class suburb of Istanbul , Turkey on the Asian side , inland from Kartal and Pendik .
Lampi ( Greek : Λάμπη ) is a former municipality in the Rethymno regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Naresuan University ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยนเรศวร ) is a government sponsored university in Phitsanulok , northern Thailand .
Heinerscheid ( Luxembourgish : Hengescht ) is a small town in northern Luxembourg , in the commune of Clervaux .
The CDU Baden - Württemberg is the biggest political party in the German state of Baden - Württemberg , and the second largest state party ( in German , Landespartei or Landesverband ) of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany with 77,800 members .
Rio Branco Atlético Clube , usually known simply as Rio Branco , is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) club based in the city of Vitória in the Espírito Santo state of Brazil .
Alithinou ( Greek : Αληθινου ) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located near Platanistasa .
Stare Koprzywno ( ˈstarɛ kɔˈpʂɨvnɔ ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Unity Committee ( Единство , Edinstvo ) was an organization supporting the Bulgarian population of Thrace and Macedonia , remained within the Ottoman Empire after the division of the San Stefano Bulgaria and the decision of the Berlin Treaty .
Telince is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
Sungei Serangoon ( Malay for Serangoon River ; Chinese : 实龙岗河 ) is a river in the north - eastern part of Singapore .
Kismayo ( Somali : Kismaayo ; Arabic : كيسمايو‎ , Kīsmāyū ) is a port city in the southern Lower Juba ( Jubbada Hoose ) province of Somalia .
Turkish Aerospace Industries , Inc. ( TAI ) ( Turkish : Türk Havacılık ve Uzay Sanayi A.Ş. , TUSAŞ ) is the center of technology in design , development , manufacturing , integration of aerospace systems , modernization and after sales support in Turkey .
Chacalluta International Airport ( IATA : ARI , ICAO : SCAR ) is an airport serving the city of Arica , capital of the Arica Province in the northern Arica y Parinacota Region of Chile .
The river Najerilla is a tributary of the river Ebro , Spain 's most voluminous river .
Mount Wonvara or Wonvagre ( Hiw Wōnvar̄e ( wonˈβaᶢʟə ) ) is the highest point of Hiw , the northernmost island of Vanuatu .
Bohúňovo ( Hungarian : Lekenye ) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Pinhal Novo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pɨˈɲaɫ ˈnovu ) ) is a town in Portugal situated in the Setúbal Peninsula halfway between Lisbon and Setúbal .
Belsk Duży ( ˈbɛlsk ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Düsseldorf Marathon is an annual marathon race in Düsseldorf , Germany in early May.
The Old Ministry of Labour Building ( Chinese : 前劳工部大厦 ) currently houses the Family and Juvenile Court of the Subordinate Courts of Singapore .
San Juan Bautista de Ñeembucú ( Guaraní : San Juan Bautista del Ñe'embuku ) is a village and distrito in the Ñeembucú department of Paraguay .
Fumetti neri ( Italian : black comics ) is a subgenre of Italian comics , born in Italy with the creation of the Diabolik character .
Lány u Dašic is small village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic , near town Dašice .
Kjølsdalen Church ( Norwegian : Kjølsdalen kyrkje ) is a parish church in Eid Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Manus Island is part of Manus Province in northern Papua New Guinea and is the largest island of the Admiralty Islands .
The Kemena River ( Malay : Sungai Kemena ) is a river in Bintulu Division , Sarawak state , Malaysia .
Q'ataw Tira Aymara q'atawi lime , tira cradle , `` lime cradle '' , hispanicized spelling Catautira ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Pizzo Arera is a mountain of the Bergamasque Prealps of northern Italy .
Paccha ( hispanicized spelling of the Kichwa word pakcha meaning `` waterfall '' ) is a town and parish in Cuenca Canton , Azuay Province , Ecuador .
Kranea ( Greek : Κρανέα ) is an Aromanian village and a former community in the Preveza regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
St. Peter 's Baldachin ( Italian : Baldacchino di San Pietro ) is a large Baroque sculpted bronze canopy , technically called a ciborium or baldachin , over the high altar of St. Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican City , the papal enclave surrounded by Rome , Italy .
Pieńki Wielkie ( ˈpjɛɲki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Storck Barracks / Illesheim Kaserne is a United States Army facility adjacent to Illesheim , Germany , located about 15 miles northwest of Ansbach ( Bavaria ) , about 240 miles south - southwest of Berlin .
Cala Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital for the Sakhisizwe Local Municipality area in Cala , Eastern Cape , in South Africa .
The Ross Errilly Friary ( Irish : Mainistir Ros Oirialaigh , often anglicised in 18th & 19th century sources as Rosserelly ) is a medieval Franciscan friary located about a mile to the northwest of Headford , County Galway , Ireland .
Sculpture at Schoenthal is an art foundation in Switzerland .
Gunung Batin Airport is an airport in Astraksetra , South Sumatra Indonesia .
Kotla Nihang Khan ( Gurmukhi : ਕੋਟਲਾ ਨਿਹੰਗ ਖ਼ਾਨ , Shahmukhi : کوٹلہ نهنگ خاں ) is a town located about 3 kilometers southeast of Ropar city in Punjab , India .
Donja Orovica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доња Оровица ) is a village in Serbia .
Gusvatnet ( Southern Sami : Stoerenjuananjaevrie ) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Turro is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 2 administrative division , located north - east of the city centre .
Qiwña Milluku ( Aymara and Quechua qiwña polylepis , Quechua milluku , ulluku a root vegetable , hispanicized spelling Queuñamilloco ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The Aceh Party ( Indonesian : Partai Aceh ) is a regional political party in Indonesia .
Lazarata ( Greek : Λαζαράτα ) , is a village in the northern part of the island of Lefkada , Greece .
The Triangolo lariano is a geographic area in Lombardy ( Italy ) within the Province of Como .
Colloto is a place in the parish of Siero , in the municipality of Oviedo , Asturias , Spain .
The Notwane River ( or Ngotwane River ) is a river in southeastern Botswana .
Kalateh - ye Zeynal ( Persian : كلاته زينل‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Zeynal and Kalāteh Zeynal ) is a village in Taghenkoh - e Shomali Rural District , Taghenkoh District , Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Quujuutilik ( also known as Kujutilik or Qûjûtilik ) is an island northeast of Sermiligaaq in the municipality of Sermersooq in Greenland .
Gemena is the capital city of the Sud - Ubangi District of Equateur Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Arrondissement of Wakken ( Dutch : Arrondissement Wakken ) was a short - lived arrondissement in the present - day Province of West Flanders , Belgium .
Szanticska is a former village in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County , Hungary .
The Großer Rettenstein is a mountain with multiple peaks in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria .
Podhosta ( pronounced ( pɔtˈxoːsta ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
Sparreholm Castle ( Swedish : Sparreholms slott ) is a castle in Flen Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden .
Brömsebro is a bimunicipal village situated in Karlskrona Municipality , Blekinge County and Torsås Municipality , Kalmar County in south - east Sweden with 213 inhabitants in 2005 .
Novopokrovskaya ( Russian : Новопокро́вская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Novopokrovsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Yeya River .
Gerakies ( Greek : Γερακιές ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) west of Moutoullas .
Salihundam is a historically noted village and panchayat in Gara Mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Tsushima Airport ( IATA : TSJ , ICAO : RJDT ) is an airport located 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) northeast Tsushima , a city in the Nagasaki Prefecture of Japan .
Perlez ( Serbian Cyrillic : Перлез ) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality , in the Central Banat District of Serbia .
Tübingen ( German : ( ˈtyːbɪŋən ) , listen ) is a traditional university town in central Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Port Elizabeth or The Bay ( Zulu : Bhayi ; Xhosa : iBhayi ; Afrikaans : Die Baai ) is one of the largest cities in South Africa , situated in the Eastern Cape Province , 770 km ( 478 mi ) east of Cape Town .
Tin Amansagh ( also written Tin Amenserh or Ti - n - Emensar ) is a village in the commune of Abalessa , in Tamanrasset Province , Algeria .
Azarabad ( Persian : اذراباد‎ , also Romanized as Āz̄arābād , Āzerābād , and Azrābād ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kürd Eldarbəyli ( also , Kyurdel’darbeyli and Kyurd - El’darli ) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Fishamble Street ( Irish : Sráid Sheamlas an Éisc ) is a street in Dublin , Ireland within the old city walls .
Fahaheel Stadium or Nayif Al - Dabbous Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Kuwait City , Kuwait .
Mount Gilboa ( Hebrew : הר הגלבוע‎ Har haGilboa ) , sometimes called the Mountains of Gelboe , is a mountain range overlooking the Jezreel Valley in northern Israel .
Fürstenried Palace is a Baroque palace in the southwest of Munich , Germany .
Myrtle Springs Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in outback South Australia .
Forum of Nerva ( Latin : Forum Nervae ) is an ancient structure in Rome , Italy , chronologically the next to the last of the Imperial fora built .
The Giardino Botanico Santicelli is a botanical garden located in Soverato , Province of Catanzaro , Calabria , Italy .
Roughly 14 km south of the district headquarters city of Valsad , Pardi has a rail station on the Mumbai - Vadodara line of Western Railway ( India ) .
Bargal ( Somali : Baargaal , Arabic : بارجال‎ ) is a town in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Santa Croce alla Lungara is a church in Rome ( Italy ) , in the Rione Trastevere , facing on Via della Lungara .
The Bagrationi dynasty ( Georgian : ბაგრატიონი ( bɑɡrɑtʼiɔni ) ) is a royal family that reigned in Georgia from the Middle Ages until the early 19th century , being among the oldest extant Christian ruling dynasties in the world .
Fuzhou Station ( Chinese : 浮洲車站 ; pinyin : Fúzhōu Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Banqiao District , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Segambut is a sub - district and a parliamentary constituency in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Gueskerou is a village and commune in southeastern Niger .
The Umbrella Rock , as the name means , is a rock found at the site of the Boti Falls in Yilo Krobo District , Ghana .
Wola Zambrowska ( ˈvɔla zamˈbrɔfska ) is a village in north - east Poland near Zambrów in Podlaskie Voivodeship .
Lotfabad ( Persian : لطف آباد‎ , also Romanized as Loţfābād and Lutfābād ; formerly , Bāba Jām ) is a city in and the capital of Lotfabad District , in Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Mount Cass Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm to be located east of Waipara on Mount Cass in the Canterbury region of New Zealand .
Freberg is a small village and statistical area ( grunnkrets ) in Sandefjord municipality , Norway .
Tuuski ( Swedish : Tuskas ) is a place on the island of Munapirtti in the municipality of Pyhtää , Kymenlaakso , Southern Finland .
Rajgród ( ˈrai̯ɡrut ) is a town in Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , Poland , with 1,680 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Selakeh ( Persian : سلكه‎ ; also known as Seh Lakeh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Commercy ( French pronunciation : ​(kɔ.mɛʁ.si ) ) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Maymana , Meymaneh or Maimana ( Uzbaki , Pashto , Persian : میمنه ) is the capital of Faryab province , northern Afghanistan , near the Turkmenistan border .
Tunari is a commune in the center of Ilfov county , Romania .
Sankt Goar is a town on the west bank of the Middle Rhine in the Rhein - Hunsrück - Kreis ( district ) in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Monte Bove is a mountain in the Monti Sibillini range of the Apennines , Marche , central Italy .
Many people continue to visit Shaoshan , Xiangtan to visit the birthplace of Mao Zedong , the former chairman of the Chinese Communist Party and the leader of the People 's Republic of China from 1949 - 1971 .
Tusindårsskoven ( meaning `` The Thousand Year Forest '' ) is a forest in southwestern Odense , Funen , Denmark .
St. John 's College High School is a high school for boys situated in Belize City , Belize .
The Vendômois ( French pronunciation : ​(vɑ̃domwa ) ) is a traditional area of France equivalent to the arrondissement of Vendôme , to the north of Loir - et - Cher , and on both sides of Loir .
Amuay ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈmwai ) ) is a fishing town located in the Paraguana Peninsula , in Falcón state , Venezuela .
The American Populist Party is based on the classical political ideology of the key Founding Fathers of the United States of America .
Redang Airport ( IATA : RDN , ICAO : WMPR ) is an airport on Redang Island ( Pulau Redang ) , one of the largest islands off the east coast of Malaysia .
Nedungad is a small island located in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state , in southern India .
The Swinton Creek Volcano is an eroded volcanic outcrop in northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Konar Balut ( Persian : كناربلوط‎ , also Romanized as Konār Balūţ ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
San Benito de Alcántara is a monastery in Alcántara , in the province of Cáceres , Spain .
El Albayzín ( also Albaicín , Spanish pronunciation : ( alβai̯ˈθin ) ) is a district of Granada , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain , that retains the narrow winding streets of its Medieval Moorish past .
Nakhon Si Thammarat ( Thai : นครศรีธรรมราช , pronounced ( náʔkʰɔːn sǐː tʰammarâːt ) , alternative English transliteration : Nakhon Sri Thammarat from Pali Nagara Sri Dhammaraja ) is a city ( thesaban nakhon ) in southern Thailand , capital of the Nakhon Si Thammarat Province and the Nakhon Si Thammarat District .
Ydre Municipality ( Ydre kommun ) is a municipality in Östergötland County , southeast Sweden .
The Rockwood Conservation Area is a moderate sized conservation area situated in Rockwood , Ontario , Canada .
Valderas is a town and a municipality located in the province of León , Castile and León , Spain .
Qaratureh ( Persian : قراتوره‎ , also Romanized as Qarātūreh ; also known as Qarah Ţūreh ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sesostris Bank is a submerged bank or sunken atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep , India , at 13 ° 08′N 72 ° 00′E.
Mintilogli or Midilogli ( Greek : Μιντιλόγλι /midi'loɣli/ ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Paralia , Achaea , Greece .
Jalan Lama Bukit Putus , Federal Route ( formerly Federal Route ) is a federal road in Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia passing Bukit Putus .
Pohang University of Science and Technology ( POSTECH ) is a private university located in Pohang , South Korea dedicated to research and education in science and technology .
Chah Matak ( Persian : چاه متك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Matak and Chāh Matk ) is a village in Rabatat Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Akkedisberg Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa , on the Regional road R326 ( Western Cape ) between Riviersonderend and Stanford .
Jaffna railway station ( Tamil : யாழ்ப்பாணம் புகையிரத நிலையம் ) is a railway station in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka .
The Aotea Centre is a performing arts and events centre / theatre in the Auckland CBD , Auckland City , New Zealand .
Wamberal Lagoon , an intermittently closed intermediate saline coastal lagoon , is located on the Central Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Stilon Gorzów Wielkopolski , is a Polish football club based in Gorzów Wielkopolski , Poland .
Tulamba ( also Tulambah , Urdu : تلمبہ‎ ) is a small city in Punjab , Pakistan .
Hougang Secondary School ( abbreviation : HS ; Simplified Chinese : 后港中学 ) is a Co - educational secondary school located in Hougang , in the northern part of Singapore .
Paździorno ( paʑˈd͡ʑɔrnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bagh - e Komesh ( Persian : باغ كمش‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Komesh and Bāgh Komesh ; also known as Bākūmīs ) is a village in Karasht Rural District , in the Bumehen District of Pardis County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Namarunu is a shield volcano located in the Great Rift Valley , Kenya .
Borgarvirki lies between Vesturhóp and Víðidalur in the north of Iceland , and at 177 m above sea level it dominates the surrounding region .
Valayesh ( Persian : والايش‎ , also Romanized as Vālāyesh ; also known as Vilaish and Vilashi ) is a village in Sonbolabad Rural District , Soltaniyeh District , Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Westin Chennai is a 10-storied five - star hotel in Chennai , India .
The Railway Museum of Athens , Greece , was founded by the Hellenic Railways Organisation ( OSE ) in 1978 .
Knape ( pronounced ( ˈknaːpɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dobrljin ( Cyrillic : Добрљин ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Diffa is a city and Urban Commune in the extreme southeast of Niger , near that country 's border with Nigeria .
The Nuremberg Cup ( currently sponsored by Nürnberger Versicherunggruppe and called the Nürnberger Versicherungscup ) is a professional women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Nuremberg , Germany .
Mornington Peninsula Freeway is a freeway in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , that provides a link from outer suburban Melbourne to the Mornington Peninsula .
The Cardboard Cathedral in Christchurch , New Zealand , is the transitional pro - cathedral of the Anglican Diocese of Christchurch opened in August 2013 .
Lamon Bay is a large bay in the southern part of Luzon island in the Philippines .
The National Gallery in Prague ( Czech : Národní galerie v Praze ) is a state - owned art gallery in Prague , which manages the largest collection of art in the Czech Republic .
Camaya Falls is a collection of three waterfalls located in Camaya Coast in the city of Mariveles , in the southwestern part of the Bataan peninsula and province , Philippines .
Helmeroth is a municipality in the district of Altenkirchen , in Rhineland - Palatinate , in western Germany .
The Southern Tablelands is a geographic area of New South Wales , Australia , located west of the Great Dividing Range .
Andraž nad Polzelo ( pronounced ( anˈdɾaːʃ nat ˈpoːu̯zɛlɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia .
Baniyas ( Arabic : بانياس‎ Bāniyās ) is a city in Tartous Governorate , northwestern Syria , located 55 km south of Latakia ( ancient Laodicea ) and 35 km north of Tartous ( ancient Tortosa ) It is famous for its citrus fruit orchards and its export of wood .
The Nationale Postcode Loterij ( National Postcode Lottery ) is the biggest charity lottery in the Netherlands .
Makerere University School of Health Sciences ( MUSM ) , is one of the schools that constitute Makerere University College of Health Sciences ( MUCHS ) , a semi - autonomous constituent college of Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest university .
Ablinga is a village in Lithuania , located 48 km ( 30 mi ) east of Klaipėda .
Wirek ( German : Antonienhütte ) is a district in the centre of Ruda Śląska , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Debeljača ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дебељача , pronounced ( dɛbɛ̌ʎat͡ʃa ) , Hungarian : Torontálvásárhely ) is a village in Serbia .
The New Farmers - Small Landowners Party ( Latvian : Latvijas Jaunsaimnieku un sīkgruntnieku partija ) was a political party in Latvia during the inter - war period .
Dolomiti lucane is a mountain range in the province of Basilicata , southern Italy .
Kerem Atzmona ( Hebrew : כרם עצמונה‎ ) was an unauthorized Israeli outpost in the Gush Katif settlement bloc , located in the south - west edge of the Gaza Strip , and evacuated as part of Israel 's unilateral disengagement plan of 2005 .
Fish River Station is a protected area approximately 50 km ( 31 mi ) south of Daly River and 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) south of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Kenutu Island is a privately owned island of the coast of Vava'u Island that belongs to the Kingdom of Tonga .
Chinese Mosque , Rantau Panjang or Sultan Ismail Petra Silver Jubilee Mosque and Beijing Mosque ( Malay : Masjid China , Rantau Panjang or Masjid Jubli Perak Sultan Ismail Petra and Masjid Beijing ) is a Chinese - style mosque in Rantau Panjang , Kelantan , Malaysia .
Susong County ( simplified Chinese : 宿松县 ; traditional Chinese : 宿松縣 ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , under the jurisdiction of Anqing City .
Kavango West is one of the fourteen Regions of Namibia .
Qara Su , Qarasu or Los Island , is an uninhabited sandy island south of the Bay of Baku , Azerbaijan .
Bennebroek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbɛnəbruk ) ) is a town and former municipality in the northwest Netherlands , now part of Bloemendaal , North Holland .
The House of Sponheim or Spanheim ( also called Sponheimer or Spanheimer ) was a medieval German noble family , which originated in Rhenish Franconia .
Gemmersdorf is a village in Austria with 687 inhabitants and is a district of the municipality Sankt Andrä .
Metline ( Tunisian Arabic : الماتلين ‎ ) is a commune and town on the Mediterranean coast , in the Bizerte Governorate of northern Tunisia .
Chotěboř ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈxocɛbor̝̊ ) ; German : Chotieborsch ) is a town in the Havlíčkův Brod District , Vysočina Region , Czech Republic .
Rakovlje ( pronounced ( ɾaˈkoːu̯ljɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Braslovče in Slovenia .
Karlovy Vary or Carlsbad ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkarlovɪ ˈvarɪ ) ; German : Karlsbad , Hungarian : Károlyfürdő ) is a spa town situated in western Bohemia , Czech Republic , on the confluence of the rivers Ohře and Teplá , approximately 130 km ( 81 mi ) west of Prague ( Praha ) .
Turovi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Турови ) is a village in Trnovo municipality , City of East Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Staświny - Osada ( staɕˈfinɨ ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Speaker of the Flemish Parliament ( Dutch : Voorzitter van het Vlaams Parlement ) is the presiding member of the Flemish Parliament , which is the legislature of Flanders ( Belgium ) .
Pristava nad Stično ( pronounced ( pɾiˈstaːʋa nat ˈstiːtʃnɔ ) ; German : Maierhof ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Ortel Książęcy Drugi ( ˈɔrtɛl kɕɔ̃ˈʐɛnt͡sɨ ˈdruɡʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Minister Plenipotentiary of Sint Maarten ( Dutch : Gevolmachtigd Minister van Sint Maarten ) represents the constituent country of Sint Maarten in the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
Golzernsee or Golzerensee is a lake at Golzern in the Canton of Uri , Switzerland .
TVR Cultural was the cultural channel of Romania 's government - funded television network Televiziunea Română . It provided cultural news , documentaries about the arts , as well as various shows , musicals and theatrical pieces .
Jajur ( Armenian : Ջաջուռ ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Vrhulje ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈxuːljɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills northeast of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Nocera Terinese is a town and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Pas Bayar ( Persian : پس بايار‎ , also Romanized as Pas Bāyār ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Dominion Timber and Minerals Railway was a private standard - gauge railroad that operated in the Laurentian Mountains of Southwestern Quebec , Canada from 1916 to 1981 .
Rotunda da Boavista , also known as the Praça de Mouzinho de Albuquerque , is a large roundabout in Porto , Portugal .
Dəliməmmədli ( also , Dälimämmädli , Dalilamedli , Dal’mamedli , Dal’mamedly , and Dalimamedli ) is a small town and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Qaan Dhoole is a town in the southeastern Lower Shabelle ( Shabeellaha Hoose ) region of Somalia .
Museo Colonial ( English : Colonial Museum ) is a historical , cultural and religious museum located in Santiago , Chile .
Nesari is a village in Gadhinglaj Taluka of Kolhapur district in Maharashtra , India .
Sultan Abdul Halim Airport ( IATA : AOR , ICAO : WMKA ) is an airport that serves Alor Setar , a city in the state of Kedah in Malaysia .
Ismikhanly is a village in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kirenga River ( Russian : Киренга ) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast in Russia , a right tributary of the Lena which flows north between the upper Lena and Lake Baikal .
The Moravian Karst ( Czech : Moravský kras ) is a karst landscape and protected nature reserve to the north of Brno in the eastern part of the Czech Republic , located near the town of Blansko .
Estadio Olímpico Atahualpa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ataˈwalpa ) ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Quito , Ecuador .
Urataman ( Russian : Уратаман ) is a somma volcano located at the northern end of Simushir Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Casas del Castañar is a municipality in the province of Cáceres in Spain , near the Sierra de Gredos mountain range .
Gahtelai is the name of a river , town and plain situated in the Northern Red Sea administrative region of Eritrea .
The Chagres National Park is located between the Province of Panama and Colon , in the Eastern sector of the Panama Canal with a total surface area of 129,000 hectares ( 320,000 acres ) .
The Shire of Wickepin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , east of Narrogin and about 220 kilometres ( 137 mi ) southeast of the state capital , Perth .
Uqsha ( local Quechua for a high altitude grass ( uqsa ) , also spelled Ocsha ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 m ( 15,748 ft ) high .
As of 2011 India census , The total population in Gopalasamudram town is 10,694 .
Wólka Gieraszowska ( ˈvulka ɡʲɛraˈʂɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Djanet ( Arabic : جانت‎ ) is an oasis city , and capital of Djanet District , in Illizi Province , southeast Algeria .
Marathwada become a part of Nizam of Hyderabad , which later came to be known as the princely state of Hyderabad but under the suzerainty of British India .
Chekiang Province , Republic of China ( 1912 - -1955 ) was abolished after the ROC Forces , ROC government officials and local residents were evacuated from Tachen to Taiwan in 1955 following the military defeat of ROC by People 's Republic of China 's People 's Liberation Army forces during the Battle of Tachen Archipelago .
Teluk Datok is the administrative capital of Kuala Langat district in the state of Selangor , Malaysia .
Al Ain University of Science and Technology ( AAU , in Arabic:جامعة العين للعلوم والتكنولوجيا was established in 2004 and is located in the city of Al Ain , within the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Zgornji Prhovec ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnji pəɾˈxɔːʋəts ) or ( ˈzɡoːɾnji pəɾˈxoːʋəts ) ; in older sources also Perhovic ; German : Perhouz ) is a settlement north of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Jinka is a market town in southern Ethiopia .
The University of Yaoundé was a university in Cameroon , located in Yaoundé .
Menai High School is a secondary school located in Menai , a suburb in Sydney 's Sutherland Shire , New South Wales , Australia .
Caradon was a local government district in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Mount Kinch is a volcanic knob in southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located 79 km ( 49 mi ) east of Rivers Inlet .
The Pieniny Klippen Belt emerges from beneath the Neogene sediments of the Vienna basin near Podbranč in western Slovakia and continues eastward to Poland , where it bends and returns to Slovakia in the area of Pieniny .
Rathcoffey or Rathcoffy ( Irish : Ráth Chofaigh , meaning `` Cofaigh 's ringfort '' ) is a village in County Kildare , Ireland .
Aratorés is a small village located in the municipality of Castiello de Jaca in the Huesca province of Aragón , Spain .
Lower Seletar is a subzone located in the northern part of Singapore , situated within the town of Yishun .
The Port of Mogadishu , also known as the Mogadishu International Port , is the official seaport of Mogadishu , the capital of Somalia .
Place des Arts is a major performing arts centre in Montreal , Quebec , and the largest cultural and artistic complex in Canada .
The Blue Mountain Echo , also published as The Blue Mountain star , The Katoomba Daily , The Blue Mountains Daily , and The Blue Mountains Echo was semi - weekly English language newspaper published in Katoomba , New South Wales , Australia .
Hanmer Springs Ski Area , located on Mount Saint Patrick , South Island , New Zealand is a club skifield 17 km ( about 35 minutes ' drive ) from the town of Hanmer Springs .
The Royal Dutch Geographical Society , or Koninklijk Nederlands Aardrijkskundig Genootschap ( KNAG ) in Dutch , is an organization of geographers and those interested in geography in The Netherlands .
The village is heavily protected by the highest and widest dunes of the Netherlands , which reach about 54 m ( 164 ft ) above sealevel right behind the center of Schoorl , and are more than 5 km ( 3mls ) wide .
Vieira do Minho ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( viˈɐjɾɐ ðu ˈmiɲu ) ) is a municipality in the district of Braga , in the north of Portugal .
Cimiez Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Sainte - Marie de Cimiez , also Cathédrale Notre - Dame du Château ) , was the former Roman Catholic cathedral of Nice in the south of France , sited on the hill of the castle overlooking the city ( the château de Nice ) .
Dongwon Institute of Science and Technology is a private college located in Yangsan City , South Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Goriški Vrh ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾiːʃki ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia , right on the border with Austria .
The Mara River is a river in Mara Region in Tanzania and Narok County in Kenya , and lies across the migration path of ungulates in the Serengeti / Masai Mara game reserves .
Marawara ( Marah Warah ) is a village and the center of Marawara district , Kunar Province , Afghanistan .
Karka is a summit in the Hindu Raj range in Northern Pakistan and has a peak elevation of 6,222 metres ( 20,413 ft ) .
Duayaw Nkwanta is a town and the capital of Tano North District , a district in the Brong - Ahafo Region of Ghana , located close to the capital of Brong - Ahafo , Sunyani .
Palacký University , Olomouc is the oldest university in Moravia and the second - oldest in the Czech Republic .
Pavilion Kuala Lumpur is a shopping mall situated in the Bukit Bintang district in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Czelatyce ( t͡ʂɛlaˈtɨt͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Челятичі , Cheliatychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kwakéa ( or Pakea , or Qakea ) is an islet located east of Vanua Lava in the Banks Islands , Vanuatu .
Værlandet Chapel ( Norwegian : Værlandet bedehuskapell ) is a chapel in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Shurjeh - ye Hoseynabad ( Persian : شورجه حسين اباد‎ , also romanized as Shūrjeh - ye Ḩoseynābād ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Bastam Rural District , in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rostam Poshteh ( Persian : رستم پشته‎ ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Serdang - Kinrara - Putrajaya Expressway , SKIP is a new expressway under planning in Klang Valley , Malaysia .
Lom Stave Church ( Norwegian : Lom stavkyrkje ) is a stave church situated in Lom municipality in the Gudbrandsdal district of Norway .
Elbow - Sheep Wildland Provincial Park is a provincial park and wildlife reserve located in the Kananaskis Country in south - western Alberta , Canada .
Montemesola is a town and comune in the Taranto province in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
Batenburg Castle ( Kasteel Batenburg in Dutch ) is located in the village of Batenburg , in the Gelderland province in the Netherlands .
Tal - Qadi Temple is a megalithic temple in Salina , limits of Naxxar , Malta .
The Secretary of State for Protestant Affairs ( French : Secrétaire d'État de la Religion Prétendue Réformée , or R.P.R. , the `` So - called Reformed Religion '' ) , was the secretary of state in France during the `` Ancien Régime '' and Bourbon Restoration in charge of overseeing French Protestant affairs .
Aq Guni ( Persian : اق گوني‎ , also Romanized as Āq Gūnī ; also known as Āghgūnī ) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
American Samoa Community College is a two - year WASC college located in the village of Mapusaga , on the island of Tutuila in American Samoa , an unorganized , unincorporated territory of the United States of America .
Vouga River ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvoɡɐ ) ) is a river in the Centro Region of Portugal .
The Belvedere on the Pfingstberg ( German : Belvedere auf dem Pfingstberg ) is a palace in the northern part of the New Garden in Potsdam , Germany , atop Pfingstberg mountain .
Aleksotas Funicular Railway ( Lithuanian : Aleksoto funikulierius ) is a funicular railway located in Aleksotas elderate of Kaunas , Lithuania .
Tyczyn ( ˈtɨt͡ʂɨn ) is a town in southern Poland with a population of 3,353 inhabitants ( 02.06.2009 ) .
Wodzisław Śląski ( vɔˈd͡ʑiswaf ˈɕlɔ̃ski ) ( German : Loslau , Latin : Vladislavia , Czech : Vladislav ) is a town in Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland with 50,493 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .
The 1977 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Buenos Aires circuit , Argentina on January 9 , 1977 .
El Hierro , nicknamed Isla del Meridiano ( the `` Meridian Island '' ) , is the smallest and farthest south and west of the Canary Islands ( an Autonomous Community of Spain ) , in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa , with a population of 10,162 ( 2003 ) .
Furttal is the name of a valley region in Switzerland between Lägern and Altberg in the Dielsdorf district of the canton of Zurich .
Fergusson College ( FC ) is a degree college in western India , situated in the city of Pune .
Gęsin ( ˈɡɛ̃ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kastamonu Airport ( IATA : KFS , ICAO : LTAL ) is an airport located in the city of Kastamonu , Turkey ..
Asiab Darreh ( Persian : اسيابدره‎ , also Romanized as Āsīāb Darreh ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mustafa Centre is one of Singapore 's 24-hour shopping malls on Syed Alwi Road in Little India .
Kasteel Lagendal is a country house in Lummen , in the province of Limburg , Belgium .
Ilimnir ( Russian : Илимнир ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Ilimnirsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 22 kilometers ( 14 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
F.G. Boys High School No 1 Multan , with the full name of Federal Government Boys High School No 1 Multan , is a secondary school located in the Cantonment area of Multan ( city ) , in the Punjab Province of eastern Pakistan .
Guisti ( Arabic : جويستي‎ ) is a village located in southeastern Djibouti .
Albina Airstrip ( IATA : ABN , ICAO : SMBN ) is an airport located near Albina , a town in and the capital of the Marowijne district in Suriname .
The Oppian Hill ( Latin , Oppius Mons ; Italian : Colle Oppio ) is the southern spur of the Esquiline Hill , one of the Seven Hills of Rome , Italy .
The Basilica of San Frediano is a Romanesque church in Lucca , Italy , situated on the Piazza San Frediano .
Future Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , Anthony Eden , spent part of his childhood in Beamish Hall .
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is first one of the two mosques in Turkey that has six minarets , the second one being the Sabancı Mosque in Adana .
Bouchard Plaza is an architecturally significant office building in the San Nicolás ward of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Krøderen Line ( Norwegian : Krøderbanen ) is a heritage railway line connecting the Krøderen lake in Buskerud , Norway , to the town of Vikersund .
The Kyaw River ( Burmese : ကျောမြစ် , Kyaw Chaung ) is a river of upper Burma ( Myanmar ) in Magway Division .
Mount Agou ( earlier known as Mount Baumann ) is the highest mountain in Togo at 986 metres ( 3234 ft . ) .
Nowy Lubusz ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈlubuʂ ) ( German : Neu Lebus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
The International Centre for Birds of Prey , formerly the National Birds of Prey Centre , in the United Kingdom houses a large collection of birds of prey with over 60 species of owls , eagles and hawks .
Česukai is a village in Varėna district municipality , in Alytus County , southeastern Lithuania .
Dar Nageg ( Persian : درنگگ‎ ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Brampton East also has the highest percentages of Sikhs ( 33.7 % ) and Hindus ( 19.4 % ) of any riding in Canada , along with having the lowest median age in Ontario at 32.6 .
Łapinóżek ( wapiˈnuʐɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąpielsk , within Rypin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Krestena ( Greek : Κρέστενα ) is a town and a community in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
The UFO - Memorial Ängelholm is a shrine dedicated to a supposed UFO landing in Kronoskogen , a suburb of Ängelholm , Sweden .
The Laleli Dam is an embankment dam , currently under construction near the town of Laleli on the Çoruh River in Erzurum Province , Turkey .
Zwartberg Airfield ( IATA : GNK , ICAO : EBZW ) is a public use airport located 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) north - northeast of Genk , Limburg , Belgium .
Sihuas District is one of ten districts that make up the province of Sihuas in the Ancash region of Peru .
The Gate of Trajan or Trajan 's Gate ( Bulgarian : Траянови врата , Trayanovi vrata ) is a historic mountain pass near Ihtiman , Bulgaria .
The Mühlkreis Autobahn ( A7 ) is an Autobahn ( motorway ) in the Austrian state of Upper Austria .
Lai da Sontga Maria ( Italian : Lago di Santa Maria ) is a lake , located north of the Lukmanier Pass in Switzerland .
Palace Albanija ( Serbian : Палата ' ' Албанија `` , Palata ' ' Albanija `` , English : Palace Albania ) is a high - rise building in Belgrade , Serbia .
Gabrje pri Dobovi ( pronounced ( ˈɡaːbəɾjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbɔʋi ) ) is a settlement north of Dobova in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
San Bartolomeo in Pantano is a church in Pistoia , Tuscany , central Italy , dedicated to St. Bartholomew the Apostle .
Grčarske Ravne ( pronounced ( ˈɡəɾtʃaɾskɛ ˈɾaːu̯nɛ ) ; German : Masereben ) is a settlement south of Dolenja Vas in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Presented by Studio 303 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , Edgy Women focuses on feminist perspectives with workshops and forums , performance events , and socializing .
Kriška Vas ( pronounced ( ˈkɾiːʃka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Kriška vas , in older sources also Križna Vas , German : Kreuzdorf ) is a village south of Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Tzummarum ( West Frisian : Tsjummearum ) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Chungju Stadium ( Korean : 충주종합운동장 ) is a sports complex and training ground in Chungju , South Korea .
Cape Morris Jesup is the northernmost point of mainland Greenland at 83 ° 37′39``N 32 ° 39′52''W and is 711.8 km ( 384 nm / 442 miles ) from the geographic North Pole .
The Western Australian Screen Academy ( also known as WA Screen Academy ) is situated within the School of Communications and Arts at Edith Cowan University in Perth , Western Australia .
Wireless Thessaloniki is an experimental wireless community network growing in the air of Thessaloniki , Greece .
Minas de Oro is located to the northeast of Comayagua , 150 km to the northwest of Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras .
Szewna ( ˈʂɛvna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
BBC Two is the second television channel operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) in the United Kingdom , Isle of Man and Channel Islands .
Rauma Old Town Hall is a building located in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Old Rauma in Rauma , Finland .
Unlike Ossa , Bultaco , and Montesa , Derbi successfully met the challenges that followed the Spanish transition to democracy and Spain 's entry into the European Community .
The Main Line Through Upper Norrland ( Swedish : Stambanan genom övre Norrland ) is a 626-kilometre ( 389 mi ) long railway line between Bräcke , Jämtland County and Boden , Norrbotten County in Sweden .
The Bloodvein First Nation is located on the east side of Lake Winnipeg , along the Bloodvein River in Manitoba , Canada .
Mombasa ( /məmˈbɑːsə/ ; Kenyan English : ( mɔmˈbɑːsə ) ) is a city on the coast of Kenya .
DN21 ( Romanian : Drumul Naţional 21 ) is a national road in Romania which that crosses the Bărăgan Plain , linking the Danube port of Brăila with Călăraşi .
Kankroli ( Rajsamand ) is a city located in the district of Rajsamand in Rajasthan , India .
Kenepuru Railway Station is on the North Island Main Trunk Railway ( NIMT ) in New Zealand , on Wellington 's suburban rail network .
Ikhkhet ( Mongolian : Иххэт ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia .
Bij ( Persian : بيج‎ , also Romanized as Bīj ; also known as Bidzh ) is a village in Chukam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chiemsee ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkiːmzeː ) ) is a freshwater lake in Bavaria , Germany , near Rosenheim .
Belvoir Fortress ( Hebrew : כוכב הירדן‎ , Kochav HaYarden `` Star of the Jordan '' ) is a Crusader fortress in northern Israel , on a hill 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of the Sea of Galilee .
Kaput ( Persian : كاپوت‎ , also Romanized as Kāpūt ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vaitheeswara Vidyalayam ( Tamil : வைத்தீஸ்வர வித்தியாலயம் Vaittīsvara Vittiyālayam , also known as Vaidyeshwara College ) is a provincial school in Jaffna , Sri Lanka .
The Cemitério de Vila Formosa ( Vila Formosa Cemetery ) is a necropolis located in the East End district of Vila Formosa , in the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
Brattvåg is the administrative centre of Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Eselborn ( Luxembourgish : Eeselbur ) is a small town in the commune of Clervaux , in northern Luxembourg .
Rupsi Airport ( IATA : RUP , ICAO : VERU ) is an airport located about 23 km ( 12.4 NM ) from Dhubri town , in the Assam state of India .
The necropolis of Dra ' Abu el - Naga ' is located on the West Bank of the Nile at Thebes , Egypt , just by the entrance of the dry bay that leads up to Deir el - Bahri , and north of the necropolis of el - Assasif .
The Clara River is a river located in the Gulf Country of northwest Queensland , Australia .
Podalakur or Podhalakur is a town and a Mandal in Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Kizelovskoye Urban Settlement ( Russian : Ки́зеловское городско́е поселе́ние ) is a municipal formation ( an urban settlement ) within Kizelovsky Municipal District of Perm Krai , Russia , which a part of the territory of the town of krai significance of Kizel is incorporated as .
The Warsaw Fotoplastikon is a stereoscopic theatre based on the Kaiserpanorama system of rotating stereoscopic images located in Warsaw , Poland .
Rumi District , formerly Kolkhozobod District or Nohiya - i Kolkhozobod ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Колхозобод , Persian : ناحیۀ کالخازآباد‎ ) , is a district in Khatlon province , Tajikistan , located south of the provincial capital Kurgan - Tyube ( Qurghonteppa ) and Vakhsh district .
Nairobi ( /naɪˈroʊbi/ ; locally ( naɪˈroːbi ) ) is the capital and largest city of Kenya .
Codral is a brand name of cold and flu medication manufactured by Johnson & Johnson and sold primarily in Australia & New Zealand .
Chignautla ( municipality ) is a town and municipality of the state of Puebla , in eastern Central Mexico .
The Saint - Hyacinthe railway station is located at 1450 Sicotte Street in the city of Saint - Hyacinthe , Quebec , Canada .
La Tele was a regional television network in Venezuela .
Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology University ( CEPT University ) is an academic institution located in Ahmedabad , India offering undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in areas of natural and developed environment of human society and related disciplines .
Pio Island is an island in the Solomon Islands province of Makira - Ulawa .
The PSA Trnava Plant is a major car plant in Slovakia and the most recently established PSA Peugeot Citroën plant in Europe .
Donji Rakani ( Cyrillic : Доњи Ракани ) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mali Iđoš ( Serbian and Montenegrin Cyrillic : Мали Иђош , pronounced ( mâːliː îd͡ʑoʃ ) ; Hungarian : Kishegyes , pronounced ( ˈkiʃhɛɟɛʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in the North Bačka District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Platz der Luftbrücke is a landmarked square and transport node in Berlin , Germany , on the border between the localities of Tempelhof and Kreuzberg .
As of December 2012 , the Ontario Parliament Network only has 10 remaining over - the - air transmitters , according to Industry Canada 's TV spectrum database .
Garačići ( Serbian : Гарачићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
A Wirtschaftsgymnasium ( plural Wirtschaftsgymnasien ) is a kind of school in Germany .
An Cư is a rural commune ( xã ) and village of the Tịnh Biên District of An Giang Province , Vietnam .
The Campbell River Storm are a Junior `` B '' ice hockey team based in Campbell River , British Columbia , Canada .
Nekurseni(নেকুরসেনী ) is a small town in Paschim Medinipur District of West Bengal , India located approximately 50 km south of Khargapur Town .
Pjeter Meshkalla High School ( in Albanian : Shkolla e Mesme Pjeter Meshkalla ) is a private Roman Catholic secondary school in Shkodra , Albania .
Hamengkubuwono ( also spelt Hamengkubuwana and in Dutch transcription `` Hamengkoeboewono '' ) is the current ruling royal house of the Yogyakarta Sultanate in the Yogyakarta Special Region of Indonesia .
Luftseilbahn Adliswil - Felsenegg is a cable car in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Osiek Jasielski ( ˈɔɕek jaˈɕelski ) is a village in Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
FK Sloga Jugomagnat ( Macedonian : ФК Слога Југомагнат ) was a football club that was played in Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
Wiska Tunqu ( Aymara wiska wool rope , tunqu maize `` rope maize '' , hispanicized spelling Huiscatongo ) is a mountain in the east of the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
The 2010 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XXI Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi - sport event held in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , from February 12 to February 28 .
Šoštanj ( pronounced ( ˈʃoːʃtan ) ) is a town in northern Slovenia .
Bulatovići ( Cyrillic : Булатовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Horšovský Týn ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈhorʃofskiː ˈtiːn ) ; German : Bischofteinitz ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Niepokalanów monastery ( so called City of the Immaculate Mother of God ) is a Roman Catholic religious community in Teresin ( 42 km to the west from Warsaw ) , Poland founded in 1927 by Friar Minor Conventual Friar Maximilian Kolbe , who was later canonized as a saint - martyr of the Catholic Church .
Foggo is a town in Bauchi State , northern Nigeria some 150 km south - east of Kano , and about 40 km southwest of Azare .
Tiszaszentimre is a village in Jász - Nagykun - Szolnok county , in the Northern Great Plain region of central Hungary .
The Ayaş Tunnel ( Turkish : Ayaş Tüneli ) is a railway tunnel under construction near Ayaş town of Ankara Province in Central Anatolia , Turkey .
Uplistsikhe ( Georgian : უფლისციხე ; literally , `` the lord 's fortress '' ) is an ancient rock - hewn town in eastern Georgia , some 10 kilometers east of the town of Gori , Shida Kartli .
Bar Gali ( Persian : بارگلي‎ , also Romanized as Bār Galī ; also known as Bār Kalī ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Maharajgunj is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Cape San Román ( Spanish : Cabo San Román ) is a cape located in Paraguaná 's northernmost point , in Venezuela .
Çatalan Dam is an embankment dam on the Seyhan River dam in Adana Province , Turkey .
GCpedia is an internal wiki used by the Government of Canada , for collaboration and knowledge sharing .
Hainablak Glacier is a glacier near Trango Tower mountain in Baltistan , Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan .
Dún Laoghaire ( Irish pronunciation : ( d̪ˠuːn̪ˠ ˈɫeːrʲə ) , the older anglicisation of which , Dunleary , is also sometimes found ) is a suburban seaside town in County Dublin , Ireland .
Nayland College is a coeducational secondary school which is located in Stoke , Nelson , New Zealand .
Adok is a port on the White Nile in Jonglei State , South Sudan .
The Seaview Range , part of the Great Dividing Range , is a mountain range located west of Ingham in North Queensland , Australia .
Aryankuzhi Devi Temple is a famous devi temple located at Aryankuzhi , Trivandrum district , Kerala , India .
Ammas ( also written Ammes ) is a village in the commune of El Ouata , in Béchar Province , Algeria .
The Gießen - Koblenz Lahn Valley is a bowl in western Hesse and eastern Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany that contains the lower course of the Lahn as well as the Limburg Basin .
Port Said University ( Arabic : جامعة بورسعيد‎ ) is a university in Port Said , Egypt .
Condoto is also known as the `` Platinum Capital of Colombia '' .
Çormanlı ( Armenian : Գարնախար , Garnakhar ) ( also , Garnakar , Garrnak’ar , and Qarnakar ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Moore Theological College , otherwise known simply as Moore College , is the theological training seminary of the Diocese of Sydney in the Anglican Church of Australia .
Făgăraș ( Romanian pronunciation : ( fəɡəˈraʃ ) ; German : Fogarasch , Fugreschmarkt , Hungarian : Fogaras ) is a city in central Romania , located in Brașov County .
Trunojoyo Airport ( Indonesian : Bandara Trunojoyo ) ( IATA : SUP , ICAO : WART ) , is an airport near Sumenep , a city in the Madura Island of East Java Indonesia .
Baghbanan ( Persian : باغبانان‎ , also Romanized as Bāghbānān ) is a village in Lulaman Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Darreh Eshq ( Persian : دره عشق‎ , also Romanized as Darreh `` Eshq and Darreh - ye `` Eshq ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 154 , in 36 families .
Hveragerði is a town and municipality in the south of Iceland located 45 km to the east of Reykjavík on Iceland 's main ringroad , Route 1 .
Augsburg - Haunstetten , also known as Haunstetten - Siebenbrunn is one of the seventeen Planungsräume ( English : Planning district , singular : Planungsraum ) of Augsburg , Bavaria , Germany .
The National Advancement Party ( Spanish : Partido de Avanzada Nacional ) is a conservative political party in Guatemala .
The DEC Salzburg Eagles ( Damen Eishockey Club Salzburg Eagles ) are an Austrian women 's ice hockey team based in Salzburg , Austria .
Barmer Taluka is a taluka in Barmer District of Rajasthan state in western India .
Miri Airport ( IATA : MYY , ICAO : WBGR ) is an airport located 9.5 km ( 5.9 mi ) south east of Miri , a city in the state of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Macharaviaya is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the mountains of the autonomous community of Andalusia in the south of Spain .
Iconi Airport ( IATA : YVA , ICAO : FMCN ) was an airport located in Moroni , the capital city of the Comoros islands .
Aisha Manzil or Aysha Manzil ( Urdu : عائشہ منزل‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gulberg Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Levallois - Perret ( IPA : ( lə.va.lwa.pɛ.ʁɛ ) ) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France .
Terlet Airfield ( Dutch : Vliegveld Terlet ) ( ICAO : EHTL ) is a small airfield in the Netherlands 2.5 NM ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) north of Arnhem in Gelderland and close to Deelen Air Base .
Mowtowr - e Mohammad Ayyub Gargij ( Persian : موتورمحمدايوب گرگيج‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Moḩammad Āyyūb Gargīj ; also known as Khodā Bakhsh Mīr Balūch ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Behrestan ( Persian : بهرستان‎ , also Romanized as Behrestān and Baharestan ; also known as Bahristān and Behristān ) is a village in Asir Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Katete is a small town in the Eastern Province of Zambia , and is headquarters of Katete District .
Rizoma ( Greek : Ρίζωμα , before 1927 : Σκλάταινα - Sklataina ) is a village in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Toğanalı ( also , Toganaly and Toganly ) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Godovič Pass is a mountain pass between Ajdovščina and Črni Vrh , both in the Goriška region of Slovenia .
Joch ( Catalan : Jóc ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Braulio Carrillo National Park is a National Park in Heredia Province and San José Province , in central Costa Rica It is part of the Central Volcanic Conservation Area .
Skalborg station is a railway station serving the district of Skalborg in the city of Aalborg , Denmark .
Viñales Valley ( Spanish : ' ' Valle de Viñales '' ) is a karstic depression in Cuba .
Turunç is a popular Turkish holiday resort situated in the Marmaris district of Muğla Province , Turkey .
Pamarru , East Godavari district is a village and a Mandal in East Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India Total population of Pamarru Mandal is 66,136 living in 17,205 Houses , Spread across total 54 villages and 26 panchayats .
After the conquest of Palestine by forces of the Rashidun Caliphate in the 7th century , a military camp was established at Imwas , which formed part of the newly created administrative district of Jund al - Urdunn ( District of Jordan ) .
Dinivodno Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Dinivodnos ; Serbian : Диниводно језеро , Dinivodno jezero ) is a circular - shaped mountain lake in southern Kosovo .
Šipan ( pronounced ( ʃǐpan ) ) also Sipano ( Italian : Giuppana ) is the largest of the Elaphiti Islands , 17 km ( 11 mi ) northwest of Dubrovnik , Croatia ; separated from the mainland coast by the Koločepski Channel ; area 16.22 km2 ( 6.3 sq mi ) ;
Gus 's cafe is a cafe located in Civic , Canberra , Australia .
Grale ( ˈɡralɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzidło , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Koytul ( also , Koytu ) is a former town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Écaussinnes - Lalaing Castle ( French : Château d'Écaussinnes - Lalaing ) is a castle in the village of Écaussinnes - Lalaing in the municipality of Écaussinnes in the province of Hainaut , Belgium .
Loyada ( Arabic : لويادا ‎ ) is a small town in Djibouti .
El Entrego ( Asturian : L'Entregu , `` the surrender '' ) is a town and urban center in San Martín del Rey Aurelio , Asturias , Spain .
Ahu Barand ( Persian : اهوبرند‎ , also Romanized as Āhū Barand ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kamalgazi is a small locality situated on the Garia Main Road in Garia , India .
Heleneholm is a neighbourhood of Malmö , situated in the Borough of Fosie , Malmö Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden .
Bilaspur Airport ( IATA : PAB , ICAO : VABI ) is located at the village of Chakarbhatta , 10 km south of Bilaspur , in the state of Chhattisgarh , India .
Lastovo ( pronounced ( lâstɔv̞ɔ ) ; Italian : Lagosta , German : Augusta , Latin : Augusta Insula , Greek : Ladestanos , Illyrian : Ladest ) is an island municipality in the Dubrovnik - Neretva County in Croatia .
San Felice sul Panaro since Roman times has been an important center of the central Po valley in northern Italy .
Remedios Circle , also known as the Plaza de la Virgen de los Remedios , Remedios Rotonda , and Rotary Circle , is a traffic circle in Malate , Manila in the Philippines , serving as the intersection between Remedios Street , Jorge Bocobo Street and Adriatico Street .
Ixtapan del Oro is a town and municipality in the State of Mexico , in Mexico .
Fife Sound is a sound in the Broughton Archipelago of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Köhnədaxar ( also , Köhnədəhar , Këgnadakhar and Kekhna - Dakhar ) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ərçiman ( also , Archiman ) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
De Weerribben - Wieden National Park is a national park in the Steenwijkerland municipality of the province of Overijssel , Netherlands .
Opole Lubelskie ( ɔˈpɔlɛ luˈbɛlskʲɛ ) is a town in eastern Poland .
Katpadi ( pronounced ( katːpaːdi ) ) is a locality in Vellore , at the northern part of Vellore city in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Lundsbergs boarding school is a Swedish boarding school located in the Parish of Storfors north of Kristinehamn in Värmland , Sweden .
Kalateh - ye Mown ( Persian : كلاته معاون‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Mʿown ) is a village in Shandiz Rural District , Shandiz District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vladislav Hall is a large room within the Prague Castle complex in the Czech Republic , used for large public events of the Bohemian monarchy and the modern Czech state .
Moretna Jiru ( Amharic `` Moret and Jiru '' ) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
The Petrești mine is a large mine in the northwest of Romania in Cluj County , 52 km north - east of Cluj - Napoca and 478 km northwest of the capital , Bucharest .
Seh Tonbak ( Persian : سه تنبك‎ , also Romanized as Setonbak ) is a village in Sigar Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Karlików ( Ukrainian : Карликів , Karlykiv ; Rusyn : Карликів , Karlykiv ) is a village situated in the Subcarpathian Voivodship ( province ) of south - eastern Poland ; previously in Krosno Voivodship ( 1975 - 1998 ) and Sanok district , ( 10 mi or 16 km east of Sanok ) .
The Dakpathar Barrage is a concrete barrage across the Yamuna River adjacent to Dakpathar in Uttarakhand , India .
Montgat ( Catalan pronunciation : ( muŋˈɡat ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia , Spain .
Ax - les - Thermes ( Occitan : Acs ) is a French commune in the Ariège department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of south - western France .
Shirin Nazem or Sherin Nazim is a village is Badakhshan Province , Afghanistan .
The Quaid - e - Azam House , also known as `` Flagstaff House '' , is a museum dedicated to the personal life of Quaid - i - Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah , the founder of Pakistan .
The Swiss Plateau or Central Plateau ( German : Schweizer Mittelland ; French : plateau suisse ; Italian : altipiano svizzero ) constitutes one of the three major landscapes in Switzerland alongside the Jura Mountains and the Swiss Alps .
Wohlde ( Danish : Volde ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Aknuqucha ( Quechua aknu beautiful , qucha lake , `` beautiful lake '' , hispanicized spelling Agnococha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region , Castrovirreyna Province , Santa Ana District .
Lodz University of Technology ( TUL ) was created in 1945 and has developed into one of the biggest technical universities in Poland .
Serra da Estrela ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɛʁɐ ðɐ ( ɨ)ʃˈtɾelɐ ) , `` Star Mountain Range '' ) is the highest mountain range in Continental Portugal .
Château de Guermantes is a Château located in northern France .
The Venna River rises in Mahabaleshwar , and is a tributary of the Krishna River in Satara district of western Maharashtra , India .
Gzinka ( ˈɡʑinka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Fort Vermilion Airport , ( TC LID : CEZ4 ) , is located 2.3 nautical miles ( 4.3 km ; 2.6 mi ) east northeast of Fort Vermilion , Alberta , Canada .
The Huancabamba Depression is an east - west depression through the Andes Mountains of northern Peru .
In Essence ( occasionally referred to simply as I.E. ) is a 5-member Canadian R&B group that has had success both in Canada and the United States .
Kenitra Air Base ( Arabic : ( كنيترا ) مطار ) ( IATA : NNA , ICAO : GMMY ) is a military airport in Kenitra , a city in the Rabat - Salé - Kénitra region in Morocco .
Kapurthala Cantonment is a cantonment in the Punjab state of India .
The Temiya Line ( 手宮線 , Temiya - sen ) was a local freight narrow gauge railroad in Otaru , Hokkaidō , Japan , connecting Minami - Otaru Station and Temiya Station .
The Busan Lotte Town Tower , also known as Busan Lotte World Tower is a 108-floor , 510.1 m ( 1,674 ft ) supertall skyscraper under construction in Busan , South Korea .
Mülligen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The Westmount railway station ( French : Gare de Westmount ) is a disused railway station located in the city of Westmount , Quebec , Canada .
Chah Mosafer ( Persian : چاه مسافر‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Mosāfer and Chāh - e - Mosāfer ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bayburt University ( BU ; in Turkish , Bayburt Üniversitesi , commonly referred to as BÜ ) is a public research university in the city of Bayburt , Turkey .
Hulmadian - e Pain ( Persian : هول ماديان پايين‎ , also Romanized as Hūlmādīān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Stepin Lug or Gaj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Степин Луг or Гај ) is a park - wood and , for the most part , non - residential suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Barazai is a village situated in the east of Hazro Tehsil , Attock District in northern Punjab in Pakistan .
Wallberg ( 1.722 asl ) is a mountain in the Mangfallgebirge , part of the Bavarian Alps in the south of Bavaria , Germany .
Sultan Kot railway station ( Urdu : سلطان کوٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Sultan Kot village , Shikarpur district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Olympic Park ( Village ) was built for the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne , Australia .
Kimeh - ye Olya ( Persian : كيمه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kīmeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 70 , in 12 families .
Estadio Fiscal de Linares is a multi - use public stadium in Linares , Chile .
Casa de los Coroneles is a stately home in the northern province of La Oliva , Canary Islands , Spain , on the island of Fuerteventura .
Arancón is a municipality in the province of Soria , Spain , located on the foot of the mountain range of El Almuerzo and Mount Cencejo .
Flatdal ( lit . `` Flat valley '' ) is a village , parish and valley in the municipality of Seljord in Telemark , Norway .
The Rio do Rasto Formation is a sedimentary rock formation found in the states of southern Brazil .
Blankenhain Castle ( German : Schloss Blankenhain ) is a large castle in Blankenhain near Crimmitschau , in the district of Zwickau in Saxony , Germany .
Emam Dasht ( Persian : امام دشت‎ , also Romanized as Emām Dasht ) is a village in Langarud Rural District , Salman Shahr District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Havana ( /həˈvænə/ ; Spanish : La Habana , ( la aˈβana ) ) is the capital city , largest city , province , major port , and leading commercial centre of Cuba .
The Viengxay caves in Houaphanh Province of North - Eastern Laos are an extensive network of caves in limestone mountains .
Mayan - e Vosta ( Persian : مايان وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Māyān - e Vosţá ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Skihist Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the Thompson River and adjacent to the Trans - Canada Highway # 1 between the towns of Lytton ( W ) and Spences Bridge ( E ) .
Nakaa Beach is located at the northern tip of Makin Atoll in Kiribati 's Gilbert Islands .
Cluj - Napoca train station is the main railway station in Cluj - Napoca , Romania .
Salili is a village on Siau Island in the Sitaro Islands Regency , North Sulawesi Province , Indonesia .
Zierker See is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District , in Germany .
The Consumer , Trader and Tenancy Tribunal of New South Wales is a tribunal that specialises in resolving consumer disputes in New South Wales , a state of Australia .
Kotalli ( Persian : كتلي‎ , also Romanized as Kotallī ) is a village in Tabar Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Oscar 's Church ( Swedish : Oscarskyrkan ) is one of the major churches in Stockholm , Sweden .
Haukeli is a place west in Vinje municipality in Telemark county in Norway and a traffic hub where Norwegian National Road 9 and European route E134 meet .
Khwai River Airport ( IATA : KHW , ICAO : FBKR ) is an airport serving the Khwai River Lodge , Botswana and the surrounding area .
Quiun Qeshlaqi ( Persian : قويون قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Qūīūn Qeshlāqī ; also known as Qīūn Qeshlāq and Qīun Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Government College Ground Mirpur is a multi - purpose ground in Mirpur Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
The Kornati ( pronounced ( kɔ̝rnǎːti ) ) archipelago of Croatia , also known as the Stomorski islands , is located in the northern part of Dalmatia , south from Zadar and west from Šibenik , in the Šibenik - Knin county .
The AMIA bombing was an attack on the Asociación Mutual Israelita Argentina ( AMIA ; Argentine Israelite Mutual Association ) building .
Flamingo International Airport or Bonaire International Airport ( IATA : BON , ICAO : TNCB ) is an international airport located at Kralendijk , Bonaire , Netherlands .
The Municipality of Trent Hills is a town in central - eastern Ontario , Canada , in northeast Northumberland County on the Trent River .
Heckington Windmill is the only eight - sailed tower windmill still standing in the United Kingdom with its sails intact .
Arraial d'Ajuda is a district in the municipality of Porto Seguro , Bahia , Brazil .
Porvoonjoki ( Porvoo River , Borgå å in Swedish ) is a small river in Finland .
Craco is about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) inland from the Gulf of Taranto at the instep of the `` boot '' of Italy .
World Waterpark is a water park located at West Edmonton Mall in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Vandegrift Combat Base ( also known as FSB Vandegrift and LZ Stud ) is a former U.S. Army and Marine Corps and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base north of Ca Lu in Quảng Trị Province , Vietnam .
The Gangdong Bridge is a bridge in over the Han River , South Korea , and connects the city of Guri and the Gangdong District of Seoul .
Korea National College of Agriculture and Fisheries is a college located in Jeonju , North Jeolla , South Korea .
Budzewo ( buˈd͡zɛvɔ ) ( German : Groß Budschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Hesar - e Isa ( Persian : حصارعيسي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e `` Īsá ; also known as Ḩeşār ) is a village in Shoqan Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 592 , in 154 families .
Rostrenen ( Breton : Rostrenenn ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Labour United ( Polish : Unia Pracy , UP ) is a minor social - democratic political party in Poland .
Cabo Juan Román Airfield ( Spanish : Aeródromo Cabo Juan Román , IATA : WPA , ICAO : SCAS ) is a public use airport located near Puerto Aysén , Aisén del General Carlos Ibañez del Campo , Chile .
The Krásna Hôrka Castle ( Slovak : Hrad Krásna Hôrka , Hungarian : Krasznahorka vára ) is a castle in Slovakia , built on a hilltop overlooking the village of Krásnohorské Podhradie near Rožňava , in Košice Region .
Vaucluse High School ( abbreviation : VHS ) , known from 1960 - 1981 as Vaucluse Boys ' High School ( abbreviation : VBHS ) , is a former high school in the eastern Sydney suburb of Vaucluse , New South Wales , Australia .
Qezel Gonbad ( Persian : قزل گنبد‎ ) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Colegio Weber School was a Chilean high school located in Rancagua , Cachapoal Province , Chile .
Thích Ca Phật Đài ( Platform of Shakyamuni Buddha ) is a notable Theravada Buddhist temple in the coastal city of Vung Tau in southern Vietnam .
The Néstor Kirchner Cultural Centre ( Spanish : Centro Cultural Néstor Kirchner ) is a cultural centre located in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Weißwurstäquator ( German pronunciation : ( ˌvaɪsvʊɐ̯stɛˈkvaːtoːɐ̯ ) , white sausage equator ) is a humorous term describing the supposed cultural boundary separating Southern Germany , especially Bavaria , from Central Germany .
Riverside Regional High School is an English - language secondary school in the Arvida area of Jonquière , Quebec , Canada .
El Jebha is a little port town in the northern part of Morocco .
Mali Osolnik ( German : Kleinosolnik ) is a village northwest of Rašica in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia .
Yelabuga ( Russian : Ела́буга ; Tatar : Cyrillic Алабуга , Latin Alabuğa ) is a town in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located on the right bank of the Kama River and 200 kilometers ( 120 mi ) east from Kazan .
Kristiansten Fortress ( Norwegian : Kristiansten Festning , historically spelled Christiansten ) is located on a hill east of the city of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Labastide - Murat , formerly Labastide - Fortunière is a commune in the Lot department in south - western France .
Buhoodle ( Somali : Buuhoodle , Arabic : بووهودل‎ ) , also known as Bohotle , is the capital of the northern Cayn region in Somalia .
Hercegszántó ( Croatian : Santovo , Serbian : Сантово ) is a village in the Bács - Kiskun county of Hungary , famous for being the birthplace of footballer Flórián Albert .
Allah Abad is a town and Union Council , located in tehsil Liaqatpur , Rahim Yar Khan District , Pakistan .
San Pedro Puxtla is a municipality in the Ahuachapán department of El Salvador .
Lake Matano ( Indonesian : Danau Matano ) , also known as Matana , is a natural lake in South Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Lansigama is a village that located near the coastal area of North Western Province in Sri Lanka .
Godøy Chapel ( Norwegian : Godøy kapell ) is a chapel in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Our Lady of Sion College is a Catholic school for girls located in Box Hill , Melbourne , Australia .
Kantani ( Persian : كنتاني‎ , also Romanized as Kantānī ) is a village in Kahir Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pāvilosta ( pronunciation ; German : Paulshafen ) is a small port town in Latvia located at the mouth of Saka river in Courland .
Staffan Sasses Gränd ( Swedish : Alley of Staffan Sasse ) is a blind alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Turdiev ( Persian : توردیف‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Hôtel Meurice de Calaisis a hotel in Calais , France .
Indwe Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Indwe in the Emalahleni Local Municipality , Eastern Cape area in South Africa .
Kal - e Sefidar ( Persian : كال سفيدار‎ , also Romanized as Kāl - e Sefīdār ) is a village in Meyami Rural District , in the Central District of Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Starnin ( ˈstarnin ) ( German : Sternin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Greek National Road 91 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 91 , abbreviated as EO91 ) is a highway in Attica , Greece .
The Royal and Pontificial Major University of Saint Francis Xavier of Chuquisaca ( Spanish : Universidad Mayor , Real y Pontificia de San Francisco Xavier de Chuquisaca or USFX ) is a public university in Sucre , Bolivia .
Maltio Strict Nature Reserve ( Maltion luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland , Finland .
The Kolkata - Haldibari InterCity Express is a superfast express train connecting Kolkata and Haldibari in West Bengal India .
Lake Coffy is a lake between Bettens and Boussens in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Pasar Kliwon is one of the villages in the Pasar Kliwon District , Surakarta in Indonesia .
Kierwik ( ˈkʲɛrvik ) ( German : Kurwig ; 1938 - 45 : Kurwick ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Maja e Grebenit is a mountain in Albania , located near its most northern tip , in the Prokletije .
ABSS Institute of Technology is a self - financed education institute in Meerut , Uttar Pradesh , India , affiliated to Mahamaya Technical University , Gautam Buddha Nagar .
Bryukhovetskaya ( Russian : Брюховецкая ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Bryukhovetsky District in Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Beysug River .
Vevring Church ( Norwegian : Vevring kyrkje ) is a parish church in Naustdal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Lind National Park is a national park in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , Australia .
Charez ( Persian : چارز‎ , also Romanized as Chārez and Chāraz ) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Panazol ( Occitan : Panasòu ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne department in the Limousin region in west - central France .
Pind Begwal is a village located on Simly Dam road in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan and administered by Pind Begwal Union Council .
Qara Tavareh ( Persian : قراطوره‎ , also Romanized as Qarā Ţavareh and Qarāţūreh ; also known as Qarah Ţūreh and Qareh Tūreh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kokkola Futis 10 is a women 's football club based in Kokkola , Finland .
Waldeck Pumped Storage Station ( in German : Pumpspeicherkraftwerk Waldeck ) is one of the largest pumped storage power stations in Germany .
Grębki ( ˈɡrɛmpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hilton Dubai Creek is a hotel in the area of Dubai Creek in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Örnsköldsviks HF , often referred to as Örnsköldvik Hockey , is a Swedish ice hockey club from Örnsköldsvik playing in the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden , Division 1 , as of the 2013 - -14 season .
Endesa Termic is a 356 metre high chimney belonging to the thermal power station ( i.e.:coal power plant ) held by Spanish utility Endesa at As Pontes de García Rodríguez in the outskirts of Ferrol in the province of A Coruña , north - western Spain .
Yangbuk - myeon is a myeon or a township in the administrative subdivisions of the Gyeongju City , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea .
Omoljica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Омољица ) is a village in Serbia .
Kabrousse ( also spelled Cabrousse ) is a village in the rural community of Diembéring , Oussouye , Ziguinchor , Casamance , Senegal .
Isla Taborcillo ( a.k.a . John Wayne Island ) is a small private island off the coast of Panama which was once owned by American film actor John Wayne .
El Bagre Airport or El Tomin Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto El Tomin ) ( IATA : EBG , ICAO : SKEB ) is an airport serving El Bagre , a municipality of the Antioquia Department in Colombia .
Sungai Buloh Highway or Jalan Sungai Buloh , Federal Route 54 is a major highway in Klang Valley region , Selangor state , Malaysia .
Ain El Berd is located about 25 km from Sidi Bel Abbes city and about 55 km from Oran city and it is a province in north- western part of Algeria was created in 1886 by general Imbert .
Seef ( Arabic : السيف‎ ) is a suburban neighborhood in Manama , the capital city of Bahrain .
Perquenco is a town and commune in southern Chile 's Araucanía Region .
Ano Vlasia ( Greek : Άνω Βλασία ) is a mountain village in the municipality of Kalavryta , Achaea , Greece .
Sainte - Menehould ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛ̃t mənu ) ) is a commune in the Marne department in north - eastern France .
Dulah is a Village in the Ardabil Province of Iran .
Thom Collegiate is a high school located in the Coronation Park area of north Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Stępuchowo ( stɛmpuˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Museum David and Alice van Buuren is a private house built from 1924 to 1928 for banker and art collector David van Buuren and his wife Alice in Brussels , Belgium .
Warsaw Gasworks Museum ( pol . Muzeum Gazownictwa w Warszawie ) is a museum in Warsaw , Poland , located in the complex of the former Wola Gas Factory built in 1886 - 1888 .
`` O Land of Beauty ! '' is the national anthem of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis .
Eskimo Pass is a mountain pass in the southern Baffin Mountains , Nunavut , Canada .
Adamów - Parcel ( aˈdamuf ˈpart͡sɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Rasht Valley ( Tajik : Водии Рашт ) is located in Tajikistan and composes a significant portion of the Region of Republican Subordination , including the six districts of Jirgatol , Rasht , Roghun , Tavildara , Tajikobod and Nurabad .
She however describes Pattanam as `` a turning point for studies into India 's maritime relations . ''
Koulou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Sidi Khellil ( Arabic : ﺳﻴﺪي ﺧﻠﻴﻞ‎ ) is a town and commune in El M'Ghair District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Ahuachapán is a city and municipality and the capital of the Ahuachapán Department in western El Salvador .
El Fahs ( Arabic : الفحص‎ ) is a town and commune located in the Zaghouan Governorate , 60 kilometers south - west of Tunis , Tunisia .
Kwanbuk is a region in North Hamgyong and South Hamgyong Provinces of North Korea .
Deserters Canyon is a canyon on the Finlay River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Rohri Junction railway station ( Urdu : روہڑی جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Rohri , Sukkur district of Sindh province , Pakistan .
Bioparco di Sicilia is a Biopark established in Carini , Sicily , Italy in 1999 as a prehistoric park and in 2002 were Crete the Biopark over an area of 60.000 m2 .
Ruçuq ( also , Rucuq , Ruchuk , and Ruchuk '' , Kishlak ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Saint - Michel Environnemental Complex is a large multi - functional park in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Chimyan ( Uzbek : Chimyon ) is a town in Fergana Region , Uzbekistan .
The Raeburn Baronetcy , of Helensburgh in the County of Dunbarton , is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom .
Koiliomenos ( Greek : Κοιλιωμένος , also known as Agios Nikolaos ) is a settlement on Zakynthos island , Greece .
The Mường Thanh Valley is a valley located in the Điện Biên district of Northwestern Vietnam .
Chak 128 NB is a village situated on the Sillanwali to Farooqa Road in Sillanwali Tehsil of the Sargodha District in Punjab , Pakistan .
Primoži ( pronounced ( ˈpɾiːmɔʒi ) ; German : Handlern , Gottscheerish : Handlarə ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Sarigerme is a beach near Osmaniye Village in Ortaca district , Muğla Province , south - west Turkey .
Watermael railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Watermael - Boitsfort in Brussels , Belgium operated by SNCB / NMBS .
Juan Eulogio Estigarribia is a city in the country of Paraguay .
Ang Thong ( Thai : อ่างทอง ( Pronunciation ) ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Thailand , capital of the Ang Thong Province .
Antoine - Simon Airport ( IATA : CYA , ICAO : MTCA ) is the fourth airport in Haiti in passenger traffic is located near the city of Les Cayes , in Haiti 's Southern peninsula .
Ujazd ( ˈujast ) ( German : Ujest ) is a town in Strzelce County in Opole Voivodeship of Poland .
Felekan ( Persian : فلكان‎ , also Romanized as Felekān ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Åboulevard ( lit . `` River Boulevard '' ) is a street in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Wychny ( ˈvɨxnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Robert Bosch United World College of Germany ( Robert Bosch College ) is the among the newest members of the United World Colleges ( UWC ) movement , one of fifteen colleges around the world , having started accepting students in September 2014 .
Inghi Farm is a settlement in Kenya 's Eastern Province .
Bergamo Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Bergamo , Cattedrale di Sant'Alessandro ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bergamo , Italy , dedicated to Saint Alexander of Bergamo , patron saint of the city .
The River Boyne ( Irish : An Bhóinn or Abhainn na Bóinne ) is a river in Leinster , Ireland , the course of which is about 112 kilometres ( 70 mi ) long .
Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal ( also known as Scarborough Town Centre Bus Terminal or Scarborough Bus Terminal ) is an intercity bus terminal in Scarborough City Centre in the Scarborough district of Toronto , Canada , located adjacent to its namesake rapid transit station on Line 3 Scarborough of the Toronto Subway .
Bandar - e Nakhilu ( Persian : بندرنخيلو‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - e Nakhīlū ; also known as Nahkīlu , Nahkīlū , and Nakhilu ) is a village in Moqam Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kul Chap ( Persian : كول چپ‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Chap ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Mo River is a river of Ghana and Togo , and it arises in Togo and flows west , forming a short part of the international boundary between Ghana and Togo .
Mörrumsån is a river in Blekinge County and Kronoberg County , Sweden .
Karavanserai - ye Shalil ( Persian : كاروانسراي شليل‎ , also Romanized as Kāravānserāī - ye Shalīl ; also known as Kārevānsarā ) is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The British Co - Ed High School is a Private School in Patiala , Punjab , India .
Gopło Landscape Park also Gopło Millennium Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Nadgoplański , Park Tysiąclecia ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) around Gopło lake in north - central Poland .
Grahovac ( Граховац ) is a village in western Montenegro , in the municipality of Nikšić .
The Khwae Yai River ( Thai : แม่น้ำแควใหญ่ , RTGS : Maenam Khwae Yai , IPA : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm kʰwɛː jàj ) ) , also known as the Si Sawat ( แม่น้ำศรีสวัสดิ์ ( mɛ̂ː náːm sǐː sa.wàt ) ) , is a river in western Thailand .
The Amana Alliance ( French : Alliance Amana , AA ) is a political alliance in Benin led by Nassirou Baki Arifari and Zimé Kora Gounou .
Widerøe Flight 839 , also known as the Værøy Accident ( Norwegian : Værøy - ulykken ) , was a crash into water of a de Havilland Canada DHC-6 - 300 Twin Otter just after take - off from Værøy Airport in Norway .
Vironniemi ( Swedish : Estnäs ) is a district of Helsinki , Finland , forming the core part of the city centre , thus also the central location of the Finnish governmental and financial decision making , and the location of Helsinki 's most important churches .
Gardnersville or Gardnesville is a town and central - northern suburb of Monrovia , Liberia .
Cimavilla ( in Spanish , Cimadevilla ) is a neighbourhood of the municipality of Gijón , in Asturias , Spain .
Rishpon ( Hebrew : רִשְׁפּוֹן , lit . Netter Village ) is a moshav in the Center District of Israel .
Hibat Tzion ( Hebrew : חִבַּת צִיּוֹן , lit . Fondness for Zion ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Hang Tuah Jaya is a township and state capital in Ayer Keroh , Malacca , Malaysia .
Hewa Bora Airways Sarl ( operating as Hewa Bora Airways ) was the national airline of the Democratic Republic of the Congo based in Barumbu , Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Idrizovo ( Macedonian : Идризово ) is a community in the outskirts of the city of Skopje in the Republic of Macedonia .
Silet is a village in the commune of Abalessa , in Tamanrasset Province , Algeria .
Søraust - Svalbard Nature Reserve ( Norwegian : Søraust - Svalbard naturreservat ) is located in the south - eastern part of the Svalbard archipelago in Norway .
Northumberland has a relatively weak economy amongst the counties and other local government areas of the United Kingdom .
Xianlin Railway Station is a railway station of Shanghai - Nanjing Intercity Railway located in Qixia District of Nanjing City , People 's Republic of China .
Dunajský Klátov ( Hungarian : Dunatőkés , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈdunɒtøːkeːʃ ) ) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Shomali Plain , also called the Shomali Valley , is a plateau north of Kabul , Afghanistan .
Kuching North City Hall ( officially : The Commission of The City of Kuching North ) ( Malay : Dewan Bandaraya Kuching Utara ) ( DBKU ) is a local authority which administers the northern part of the city of Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia .
Slovak Karst National Park ( Národný park Slovenský kras ) is a national park in the Slovak Karst ( Slovenský kras ) mountain range in South East Slovakia .
Postękalice ( pɔstɛŋkaˈlʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Penhalonga is mining village in the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located 18 km north of Mutare in a valley where the Sambi and Imbeza Rivers meet the Mutare River .
Wittenberge station is the railway station for the Brandenburg town of Wittenberge in Germany .
The University of Oviedo ( Spanish : Universidad de Oviedo , Asturian : Universidá d'Uviéu ) is a public university in Asturias ( Spain ) .
Nukunonu is the largest atoll within Tokelau , a dependency of New Zealand , in the south Pacific Ocean .
Frobisher Bay is a relatively large inlet of the Labrador Sea in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Sydney Mines was also home to a large steel company that was named SCOTIA it was the modern to its day between the Sydney Steel Plant ( DISCO ) and the Sydney Mines Steel Plant ( SCOTIA ) they produced 50 % of Canada 's steel during World War I.
Lázně Bělohrad ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlaːzɲɛ ˈbjɛloɦrat ) ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
The Shire of Hastings was a local government area about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) south - southeast of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia , encompassing the eastern extremity of the Mornington Peninsula .
Savalia ( Greek : Σαβάλια ) is a village in the municipal unit of Amaliada , Elis , southern Greece .
Néstor Kirchner , the president of Argentina from 2003 to 2007 , was nicknamed Lúpin because of his physical resemblance to the character .
XENK - AM is a radio station in Mexico City , located in San Andrés de la Cañada , Estado de México .
Smar Jbeil ( Known also as Asmar Jbeil or Samar Jbeil , Arabic : سمار جبيل‎ ) is a village located in the Batroun District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
Salzgittersee ( Salzgitter Lake ) is a lake in the city of Salzgitter in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Ord River Hydro Power Station is a hydroelectric power station on the Ord River , Western Australia .
Fontevivo Abbey ( Italian : Abbazia di Fontevivo ; Latin : Fons Vivus ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontevivo , Province of Parma , Emilia - Romagna , Italy , about 15 kilometres west of Parma on the Via Emilia towards Fidenza .
Havareh Barzeh ( Persian : هواره برزه‎ , also Romanized as Havāreh Barzeh ; also known as Havār Barzeh ) is a village in Behi - e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ankara River , ( Turkish : Ankara Çayı ) is a small river that runs through the city of Ankara , Turkey .
Sigismund 's Column ( Polish : Kolumna Zygmunta ) , originally erected in 1644 , is located in Castle Square , Warsaw , Poland and is one of Warsaw 's most famous landmarks .
The Ngozumpa glacier , below the sixth highest mountain in the world Cho Oyu in Nepal , at 36 kilometres ( 22 mi ) , is the longest glacier in the Himalayas .
A Gemeenlandshuis , or Waterschapshuis is a building that is ( or was formerly used as ) the headquarters of one of the Waterboards of the Netherlands .
Cham Zeytun ( Persian : چمزيتون‎ , also Romanized as Cham Zeytūn ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Grandrieu is a village and commune in the Lozère department in southern France .
Fioletovo ( Armenian : Ֆիոլետովո ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Qur Shaqlu ( Persian : قورشاق لو‎ , also Romanized as Qūr Shāqlū and Qūrshāqlū ) is a village in Aland Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Stavanger City Bridge ( Norwegian : Stavanger bybru ) is a cable - stayed bridge with one tower that crosses Strømsteinsundet from the centre of Stavanger , Norway to Grasholmen and Sølyst in the borough Hundvåg .
Vukosavljevići ( Serbian : Вукосављевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Botticino is a town and comune ( commune or municipality ) in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy , Italy .
Radio 2 Drive is the afternoon program on CBC Radio 2 in Canada , launched September 2 , 2008 .
Campo de Marte Airport ( ICAO : SBMT ) is the first airport built in São Paulo , Brazil , opened in 1919 .
The Wellington Urban Motorway , part of SH 1 , is the major road into and out of Wellington , New Zealand .
Port Clements is an incorporated village situated at the east end of Masset Inlet in Haida Gwaii ( formerly the Queen Charlotte Islands ) off the coast of the Province of British Columbia in Canada .
Boeschepe is a commune in the Nord department in northern France , next to the Belgian border .
Ice Bar Sub - Zero was the first ice bar in South Korea , now closed .
The Kallada River is one of two major rivers that flow through the Kollam District of Kerala , India .
The Grenoble tramway ( French : Tramway de Grenoble ) is the tram system in the city of Grenoble in the Rhône - Alpes region of France .
The Sicintine Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains , located south of the Skeena River and between the Sicintine River and Squingula River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Ma'in Hot Springs ( Hammamat mae’n ) are a series of hot mineral springs and waterfalls located between Madaba and the Dead Sea , in Madaba Governorate , Jordan .
Saraevo ( Bulgarian : Сараево ) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria , part of Miziya Municipality , Vratsa Province .
Kakki Reservoir is a reservoir , located in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala , India .
The Sadat Museum is a cultural museum in Alexandria , Egypt , dedicated to the legacy of Egyptian president Anwar Al Sadat .
Stolma Bridge ( Norwegian : Stolmabrua ) is a road bridge over the Stolmasundet strait in Austevoll municipality , Hordaland county , Norway .
Girjet ( Gestión Aérea Ejecutiva , SL ) was an airline based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Pregnana Milanese is a town located in the hinterland of Milan , Italy .
The National University of Cajamarca ( Spanish : Universidad Nacional de Cajamarca ) , or UNC for short , is a major public university located in Cajamarca , Peru ; capital of the department of Cajamarca .
The National Institute of Genomic Medicine ( INMEGEN for its name in Spanish , Instituto Nacional de Medicina Genómica ) is one of Mexico 's twelve national institutes under the Secretariat of Health .
Thatichetlapalem is a developing suburb in Visakhapatnam , India .
Amuvi is a village in Nigeria 's Arochukwu Local Government Area of Abia State .
Kaifeng Air Base is a People 's Liberation Army Air Force Base , located about 1 mile southeast of Kaifeng ( Henan Province ) in the People 's Republic of China .
Since 1992 the mountain has been included in the protected area of the Phawngpui National Park , one of only two national parks of India in Mizoram .
Kalidas Marg is a road located in Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh in India .
Bulandet is an archipelago in the sea off the mainland coast of Western Norway .
Talampaya National Park is a national park located in the east / centre of La Rioja Province , Argentina .
Quadrangular castle ( Mardakan ) is a quadrangular castle in Baku , Azerbaijan .
The Brocken Railway ( German : Brockenbahn ) is one of three tourist metre gauge railways which together with the Harz Railway and Selke Valley Railway form the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways railway network in the Harz mountain range of Germany .
Ambalavao District is a district in central Madagascar .
Reference Re Residential Tenancies Act ( Ontario ) , ( 1981 ) 1 S.C.R. 714 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on the jurisdiction of superior courts provided by section 96 of the Constitution Act , 1867 .
Madanthyar is a village located in Belthangady taluk of the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state in India .
Darayya District ( Arabic : منطقة داريا , translit . : manṭiqat Dārayyā ) is a district of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria .
The Chêne chapelle ( lit . `` chapel oak '' ) is an oak tree located in Allouville - Bellefosse in Seine - Maritime , France .
Production of Kalkhoff bicycles continues at the Derby Cycle factory in Cloppenburg , Germany .
Hellenikon Air Base was a former United States Air Force base located in Athens , Greece .
Barreta Island ( Portuguese : Ilha da Barretta ) is an island in the Algarve , Portugal , about 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) long and 0.05 to 0.6 kilometres ( 160 to 1,970 ft ) wide .
Suskrajowice ( suskrajɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
According to the Office for National Statistics , at the time of the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Partington had a population of 7,723 .
The Col du Platzerwasel ( elevation 1,182 m ( 3,878 ft ) ) is a mountain pass situated in the Vosges Mountains in the Haut - Rhin department of France , between Sondernach and Le Markstein .
Wyżnik is a river of Poland , a right tributary of the Bystra , which it meets in the village of Lewin Kłodzki .
A Rural Mail Box or RMB is an artificial address that is created by Australia Post to deliver mail to a rural or remote location .
Oqaatsut ( old spelling : Oqaitsut ) , formerly Rodebay , is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality , in western Greenland .
Sterling Tower is an art deco skyscraper at 372 Bay Street at Richmond Street in Toronto , Canada .
Gaustatoppen is the highest mountain in the county Telemark in Norway .
Tatarməhlə ( also , Tataramagla and Tatarmagla ) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kfarshima ( also spelled Kfarchima ) is a town in the Baabda District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate , southeast of Beirut and is part of Greater Beirut .
The Bible and Orient Museum ( officially : BIBLE+ORIENT Museum ) in Fribourg / Switzerland is the exhibition of a collection of ancient Egyptian and ancient Near Eastern miniature art as well as a project to create a modern museum to compare biblical and extra - biblical texts with archaeological , epigraphical and iconographical data .
Uutela ( Swedish : Nybondas ) is a nature park in Vuosaari , Helsinki , Finland .
Netivot HaTorah Day School ( Hebrew : נתיבות התורה‎ ) is a private , coeducational Orthodox Jewish elementary school in the Thornhill neighborhood of Toronto , Canada .
Grace Like Winter was a Christian progressive metal / hardcore punk band from Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Dayman Island is a privately owned island located off the coast of British Columbia , Canada , beside Thetis Island and Hudson Island .
Ostren ( Macedonian : Острени , Ostreni ) is a former municipality in the Dibër County , eastern Albania .
Aiguebelle National Park ( French : Parc national d'Aiguebelle ) is a national park of Quebec , Canada .
BK Saldus is a professional basketball club based in Saldus , Latvia playing in the Latvian Basketball League .
The Canal du Rhône à Sète ( lit . `` canal from the Rhône to Sète '' ) is a canal in southern France , which connects the Étang de Thau in Sète to the Rhône River in Beaucaire , Gard .
Studholme is a locality in southern Canterbury in New Zealand 's South Island .
Ambala ( /əmˈbɑːlə/ ) is a city and a municipal corporation in Ambala district in the state of Haryana , India , located on the border with the state of Punjab and in proximity of the state capital Chandigarh .
The Bingen Forest ( German : Binger Wald ) is part of the Hunsrück , a low mountain range in the Central Uplands of Germany .
Castel San Pietro Terme is a small city and comune in the province of Bologna , Emilia - Romagna , Italy , with about 20,600 inhabitants .
Makvan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ماكوان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bayangan District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Eibingen Abbey ( in German Abtei St. Hildegard , full name Benedictine Abbey of St. Hildegard ) is a community of Benedictine nuns in Eibingen near Rüdesheim in Hesse , Germany .
Børgefjell National Park ( Norwegian : Børgefjell nasjonalpark ) is an inaccessible and undeveloped national park in Norway , straddling the border between Nord - Trøndelag and Nordland county , with a border to Sweden .
Oise ( French pronunciation : ​(waz ) ) is a department in the north of France .
El Tamarindo Airport ( ICAO : MSET ) is an airport serving El Tamarindo , a city in El Salvador .
The Col de Bretolet is a mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Valais , close to the border between Switzerland and the French department of Haute - Savoie .
KiK is the largest textile discounter chain in Germany and operates about 3,200 stores in Germany , Austria ( since 1998 ) , Slovenia and Czech Republic ( since 2007 ) , Hungary and Slovakia ( since 2008 ) , Croatia ( since 2011 ) and Poland ( since March 2012 ) .
Mali Korinj ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈkɔːɾin ) ) is a small village in the hills south of Krka in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Swan Hill railway station is the terminal station of the Yungeral line in Victoria , Australia .
Chisnallwood Intermediate is the main Intermediate school in the eastern suburbs of Christchurch , New Zealand .
Gârnic ( Hungarian : Weitzenried , from 1911 to 1918 Szörénybúzás ; Czech : Gerník ) is a commune in Caraș - Severin County , western Romania with a population of 1,533 people .
The Potosí mountain range in Bolivia is situated east and southeast of the city of Potosí .
Hengam Island ( Persian : جزیره هنگام‎‎ ) , is an Iranian island located south of Qeshm Island , Iran , in the Persian Gulf .
Benaleka or Bena - Leka is a settlement in Kasai - Occidental , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Viljoenskroon is a maize and cattle farming town located in the Free State province of South Africa .
One New Change is a major office and retail development in London , United Kingdom .
Greenstone Hill is a suburb on the East Rand of Gauteng Province in the City of Ekurhuleni in South Africa .
Moroleón is a city located in the same name municipality of the state of Guanajuato , adjacent to the border with the state of Michoacán , in Mexico .
Naval Station Sangley Point was a communication and hospital facility of the United States Navy which occupied the northern portion of the Cavite City peninsula and is surrounded by Manila Bay , approximately eight miles southwest of Manila , the Philippines .
Villa Huidobro ( also known as Cañada Verde ) is a city in the southwest of the province of Córdoba , Argentina .
Ostren i Vogël ( Macedonian : Мало Острени , Malo Ostreni ) is a village in the former Ostren Municipality in Dibër County in northeastern Albania .
Spanbroekmolen British Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission ( CWGC ) burial ground for the dead of the First World War located in the Ypres Salient on the Western Front in Belgium .
The Swedish Emigrant Institute is located in The House of Emigrants ( Swedish : Utvandrarnas hus ) located in Växjö in Smaland , Sweden .
Brodac Donji ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бродац Доњи ) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Anderat ( Persian : اندرات‎ , also Romanized as Anderāt ) is a village in Shohada Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Loopline Bridge ( or the Liffey Viaduct ) is a railway bridge spanning the River Liffey and several streets in Dublin , Ireland .
Tauranga Girls ' College is a state single - sex girls secondary school in Tauranga , New Zealand .
Kranji Reservoir ( Chinese : 克兰芝蓄水池 ; Malay : Empangan Air Kranji ) is a reservoir in the northern part of Singapore , near the Straits of Johor .
Chinkultic , sometimes Chincultic , is a moderate - size archeological ruin in the state of Chiapas , Mexico , some 56 km from Comitán , the nearest city .
Pazo de Montecelo is a pazo ( manor house ) in Paderne , Province of A Coruña , Galicia , Spain .
Piveshk ( Persian : پي وشك‎ , also Romanized as Pīveshk ; also known as Beyāsak , Bey Beshk , Bīāsak , Bīāsk , Pey Beshk , Pī Bashk , and Pvishk ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Komehr ( Persian : كمهر‎ ; also known as Kūmehr ) is a village in Komehr Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Deo Sial(Dew Sial ) is a town and Union Council of Chunian in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Bryagovo ( Bulgarian Брягово ) is a village in Parvomay Municipality , Plovdiv Province , Bulgaria .
Quatre Bornes also known as La Ville des Fleurs ( The City of Flowers ) , is a town in Mauritius , located in the Plaines Wilhems District , the western part also lies in the Rivière Noire District .
The Henie Onstad Kunstsenter is an art museum located at Høvikodden in Bærum municipality , Norway .
Staatsbosbeheer currently oversees over 250.000 hectares of land in the Netherlands .
The Lindencrone Mansion ( Danish : Lindencrones Palæ ) is a historic building located on the corner of Bredgade and Sankt Annæ Plads in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Gidole is a town in southern Ethiopia , and is the administrative center of the Dirashe special woreda .
Raukokore is a small settlement close to the East Cape in the northeastern North Island of New Zealand .
Rathedaung ( Burmese : ရသေ့တောင်မြို့ ) is the administrative town of Rathedaung Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar .
The Le Tréhou Parish close ( Enclos paroissial ) is located at Le Tréhou in the arrondissement of Brest in Brittany in north - western France .
Horné Semerovce ( Hungarian : Felsőszemeréd ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
The original opera house in Frankfurt is now the Alte Oper ( Old Opera ) , a concert hall and former opera house in Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
The Chiloé Block or Chiloé Terrane is a geotectonic unit making up the basement of large parts of south - central Chile between 41 ° and 45 ° S. Due to its form it is sometimes called Chiloé Sliver .
Cascada de Texolo is a waterfall of eastern Mexico .
Lar Dam ( Persian : سد لار sad - de lār ) is a dam located at the foot of Mount Damavand in Mazandaran , Iran .
Andkhoy ( Persian : اندخوی‎‎ ) is a town and district in northern Afghanistan , Faryab Province , is located at 36 ° 57′N 65 ° 07′E , 316 m altitude .
Bediani ( Georgian : ბედიანი ) is a town in Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia , in the south - East part of Tsalka Municipality , on the right bank of the Khrami River , at approx . 850 m above sea level .
Oshawa ( 2011 population 149,607 ; CMA 356,177 ) is a city in Ontario , Canada , on the Lake Ontario shoreline .
Jalan Kawasan Perindustrian Rawang , Federal Route 3209 is an industrial federal roads in Selangor , Malaysia .
Bakhtiarlu ( Persian : بختيارلو‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtīārlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kanjiža ( Serbian : Кањижа / Kanjiža , pronounced ( kǎɲiʒa ) , formerly Стара Кањижа / Stara Kanjiža ; Hungarian : Kanizsa or Magyarkanizsa ) is a town and municipality in the North Banat District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Biangabip Airport ( IATA : BPK , ICAO : AYBQ ) is an airport serving Biangabip , a small locality in the Western Province in Papua New Guinea .
The Akobo River is a river on the border between South Sudan and Ethiopia .
Ptaszkowa ( ptaʂˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sanza Pombo Airport ( IATA : SPZ , ICAO : FNPB ) is a public use airport located 9 nm west - southwest of Sanza Pombo , Uíge , Angola .
Ouled Ahmed Timmi ( Arabic : أوﻻد أﺣﻤﺪ ﺗﻴﻤﻰ‎ ) is a commune in Adrar District , Adrar Province , in south - central Algeria .
King Christian X Land ( Danish : Kong Christian X Land ) is an area of northeastern Greenland comprising part of Northeast Greenland National Park .
Puli Kiadeh ( Persian : پوليكياده‎ , also Romanized as Pūlī Kīādeh ; also known as Polīkīādeh and Pūl Kīādeh ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Royal FC de Muramvya or simply Royal is a football ( soccer ) club from Burundi based in Muramvya .
Urania Sternwarte is a public observatory in the Lindenhof quarter of Zürich , Switzerland .
Buduburam is a refugee camp located 44 kilometers ( 27 mi ) west of Accra , Ghana .
Krško Castle ( Slovene : Grad Krško , German : Schloss Gurckfeld ) is a 12th - century castle ruin to the right of the Sava above the old center of the town of Krško , southeastern Slovenia .
Tambov State University named after G. R. Derzhavin ( T.G.U , Russian : Тамбовский государственный университет имени Г. Р. Державина ) is a state university in Tambov , Russia .
Qanatghestan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قناتغستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sheykh Zard ( Persian : شيخ زرد‎ ) is a village in Margavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Baz Qaleh - ye Malek ( Persian : بازقلعه ملك‎ , also Romanized as Bāz Qal``eh - ye Malek and Bāz Qal``eh - e Malek ) is a village in Sangar Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 489 , in 155 families .
Kalateh - ye Rahman ( Persian : كلاته رحمان‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Raḩmān ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fámjin ( Danish : Famien ) is a village , located in the middle of the coastline on the western side of Suðuroy , the southernmost island in Faroe Islands .
Kinwamayu ( Quechua kinwa a plant ( Chenopodium quinoa ) , mayu river , hispanicized spelling Ccuenhuamayo ) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region , Victor Fajardo Province , Huancapi District .
Korissia ( Greek : Κορισσία ) is a former municipality on the island of Corfu , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Pasni Airport ( IATA : PSI , ICAO : OPPI ) is a domestic airport , located at Pasni City , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Miquelon Lake is a lake in Alberta , Canada , located in the heart of Miquelon Lake Provincial Park .
Moondarra State Park is on the northern edge of the Latrobe Valley , east of Melbourne , Australia .
Lubiesza ( luˈbjɛʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceranów , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sarycheku mine is a large copper mine located in the east of Uzbekistan in Tashkent Province .
Beloslav ( Bulgarian : Белослав ) is a small industrial town in Varna Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located 19 km away to the west from Varna downtown and Bulgarian Black Sea coast .
After the founding of the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) in 1949 , Jinan University was closed and its schools were merged with those of other university such as Fudan University .
Nosów - Kolonia ( ˈnɔsuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Universities Tests Act 1871 in the United Kingdom abolished the communion `` Tests '' and allowed Roman Catholics , non - conformists and non - Christians to take up fellowships at the Universities of Oxford , Cambridge , London and Durham .
Gracuch ( ˈɡrat͡sux ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Masha - ye Ali Abiyari ( Persian : مشاع علي ابياري‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye ʿAlī Ābīyārī ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Poitiers ( ( pwatje ) ) is a city on the Clain river in west - central France .
The Villa Mosconi Bertani ( also known as Villa Novare ) is a neoclassical manor in the Veneto region of Italy .
The Margaret River Perimeter Road is a proposed highway bypass of Margaret River , Western Australia .
Fortunair Canada was an charter airlines based Canada .
Mvolyé or Mvolye is a neighbourhood of Yaoundé , Cameroon .
Inanda Seminary School is one of the oldest schools for girls in South Africa .
Paşan ( also , Pashan ) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lannéanou ( Breton : Lanneanoù ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Lake Koroneia ( Greek : Λίμνη Κορώνεια ) is a lake in the heart of the Thessaloniki regional unit in the Mygdonian basin in Greece .
The Ipiranga Brook ( in Portuguese : Riacho do Ipiranga ) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil , historically known as the place where Dom Pedro I declared the independence of Brazil from the United Kingdom of Portugal , Brazil and the Algarves .
Colonia Obrera is an administrative neighborhood of the borough of Cuauhtémoc in the center of Mexico City .
Hosanger Church ( Norwegian : Hosanger kyrkje ) is a parish church in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Lün ( Mongolian : Лүн ) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia .
Sherkat - e Gol Nama ( Persian : شركت گل نما‎ , also Romanized as Sherkat - e Gol Namā ) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Nanuya Levu ( pronounced ( naˈnuja ˈleβu ) ) is a privately owned island of the Yasawa Group in Fiji and the site of the Turtle Island Resort , a sustainable luxury resort and also a locale for the romance adventure film The Blue Lagoon ( 1980 ) .
Nedungolam ( Malayalam : നെടുങ്ങോലം ) or Nedumgolam is the Northern border town of Paravur municipality in the Kollam district of Kerala state , India .
The Mount William stone axe quarry is a prehistoric aboriginal site in Central Victoria , Australia .
Šarani ( Cyrillic : Шарани ) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia .
The Ghelamco Arena ( also called Arteveldestadion ) is a multi - use stadium in Ghent , Belgium .
Kochkor is a village in northern Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Mariholtet is a tourist cabin in Østmarka , which is a forested area on the eastern side of Oslo , Norway .
AXN Black - Available in Portugal , Romania , Bulgaria , Poland , Hungary , Czech Republic and Slovakia .
Grand Hôtel de París was a hotel located in the eastern part of the Puerta del Sol , central Madrid , Spain .
The Piła Airport opened in 1913 in the town of Piła , in the rather sparsely populated part of northern Wielkopolska , Poland .
Kolomna Municipal Okrug ( Russian : муниципа́льный о́круг Коло́мна ) is a municipal okrug of Admiralteysky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg , Russia .
Yeongam - eup ( 영암읍 ) is the county seat of Yeongam County , South Jeolla province , South Korea .
The Hamrin Mountains ( Arabic : جبل حمرين Jabāl Hamrīn , Kurdish : Çiyayê Hemrîn or Çiyayên Hemrîn ) , are a small mountain ridge in northeast Iraq .
Kuvandyk ( Russian : Куванды́к ) is a town in Orenburg Oblast , Russia , located on the Sakmara River at the southern end of the Ural Mountains , 194 kilometers ( 121 mi ) east of Orenburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
Człopy ( ˈt͡ʂwɔpɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Korani - ye Hashem Soltan ( Persian : كراني هاشم سلطان‎ , also Romanized as Korānī - ye Hāshem Solţān ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The London Tombs have won the Screamie Award for being the United Kingdom 's Best Year Round Scare Attraction for the years 2009 - -2015 The London Bridge Experience has been nominated by Group Travel Organiser as a finalist for `` Best Attraction for Group Visits '' .
Elingård ( Elingaard herregård ) is a manor house and an estate located at Fredrikstad , in Østfold , Norway .
Drumcar House ( later : St. Mary 's Hospital ; currently : Saint John of God Residence ) is a manor house in the historical parish of Drumcar in the barony of Ardee , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) northeast of Dunleer , County Louth , Leinster , Ireland .
The Brooke Street Pier is a floating pontoon building at Sullivans Cove in the waterfront area of the city of Hobart , Tasmania , Australia .
Punta Stilo ( Italian for `` Cape of Columns '' ) is the name of an arcuate headland in Calabria , Italy .
Beytüşşebap ( Ottoman Turkish : بيت شباب ) is a district of Şırnak Province of Turkey .
Ożumiech ( ɔˈʐumjɛx ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Miłów ( ˈmiwuf ) ( German : Mühlow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo , within Krosno Odrzańskie County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
La Región is a daily newspaper in the city and province of Ourense , in the Southeastern part of Galicia , an autonomous community ( region ) of Spain .
Naogaon Zilla School is government - funded all boys school for grades 3 to 10 in Naogaon , Bangladesh .
Dali District ( Chinese : 大里區 ; pinyin : Dàlǐ Qū ) is an inner city district in Taichung , Taiwan .
Cisowy ( t͡ɕiˈsɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
CIAU - FM is a french language community radio station that operates at 103.1 FM in Radisson , Quebec , Canada .
Koxie or Kokhie ( Arabic : كوخيێ‎ ) is a mountain village near Ain Sifni ( Arabic : الشيخان‎ ) in southern Kurdistan ( north of Iraq ) .
Tagore International School , India , was founded in 1972 .
Lycée Franco - Hellénique Eugène Delacroix ( LFH , Greek : Ελληνογαλλική Σχολή Ευγένιος Ντελακρουά ) is a French international school in Agia Paraskevi , Attica , Greece , in the Athens metropolitan area .
Saldus District ( Latvian : Saldus rajons ) was an administrative division of Latvia , located in Courland region , in the country 's west .
Malá Lodina is a village and large municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Talin Power Plant ( Chinese : 大林發電廠 ; pinyin : Dàlín Fādiànchǎng ) or Dalin Power Plant is a mix - generation power plant in Siaogang District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Bilram is a town and a nagar panchayat in Kashiram Nagar ( Kasganj ) in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Steenbras Dam ( `` STEE - un bruss '' ) is an earth - fill type dam located in the Hottentots - Holland mountains , above Gordons Bay , near Cape Town in South Africa .
Dalcahue Channel ( Spanish : `` Canal de Dalcahue '' ) is a body of water of the Sea of Chiloé that separates Quinchao Island from Chiloé Island , both part of the Chiloé Archipelago in southern Chile .
Melbourne Polytechnic , formerly known as Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE ( NMIT ) , is a TAFE and higher education institute located in the northern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Luneville - Chenevieres Air Base is an abandoned military airfield in France , located approximately 14 miles southwest of Châlons - sur - Marne ( Departement de la Marne , Champagne - Ardenne ) ; 77 miles northeast of Paris .
The Wolf Burn is a small stream , running from a suspect subterreanean source behind the Ormlie housing estate in Thurso , Highland Region in the United Kingdom .
The Stryama ( Bulgarian : Стряма , known in Antiquity as Syrmus ) is a river in southern Bulgaria , an important left tributary of the Maritsa .
Rason ( formerly Rajin - Sŏnbong ; Korean pronunciation : ( ɾasʰʌn , ɾadʑin sʰʌnboŋ ) ) is a North Korean city and ice - free port in the Sea of Japan ( East Sea of Korea ) in the North Pacific Ocean on the northeast tip of North Korea .
Benimaclet ( Valencian pronunciation : ( benimaˈklet ) ) is a former village which is now part of the city of Valencia , Spain .
Çağan is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Witless Bay Ecological Reserve is an ecological preserve close to St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Vikoč ( Serbian Cyrillic : Викоч ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Neerlandia is a hamlet in central Alberta , Canada within the County of Barrhead No . 11 .
Chong Mek ( Thai : ช่องเม็ก ) is a border town in the Isan region of Thailand .
Changwon Station is a train station in Changwon , southeast South Korea .
The Great Eastern Tower ( also known as Menara Great Eastern ) in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , is the headquarters of Great Eastern Life Assurance ( M ) Bhd , a member of Great Eastern Holdings Ltd in Singapore .
Qaradonlu ( also , Karadanlu , Karadon , Karadonlu , and Karadonly ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Junularo Esperantista Brita ( JEB ) is the organisation for young Esperanto - speakers in the United Kingdom .
Židovar is an archeological site and settlement near Vršac , Serbia .
Kani Ebrahim ( Persian : كاني ابراهيم‎‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Posht - e Arbaba Rural District , Alut District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Srithammarat Suksa School ( Thai : โรงเรียนศรีธรรมราชศึกษา ) is a private Christian school in Nakhon Si Thammarat , southern Thailand .
Enayati - ye Vasat ( Persian : عنايتي وسط‎ , also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī - ye Vasaṭ ) is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mareo ( Italian : Marebbe ; German : Enneberg ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Bolzano .
Mandiana is a town located in eastern Guinea .
Bussigny - sur - Oron is a former municipality in the district of Lavaux - Oron of the Canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
Čantavir ( Serbian : Čantavir or Чантавир , Hungarian : Csantavér , Croatian : Čantavir ) is the largest village with Hungarian ethnic majority in the autonomous province of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla , released in Japan as Godzilla × Mechagodzilla ( ゴジラ×メカゴジラ Gojira tai Mekagojira ) , is a 2002 Japanese science fiction kaiju film directed by Masaaki Tezuka and written by Wataru Mimura .
During the Arab - Israeli War of 1967 , the Israeli Army was equipped with a large number of SS.11s supplied by France .
VideoKids were a 1980s Euro disco / Italo disco duo from The Netherlands , formed in 1984 and led by Peter Slaghuis and Bianca Bonelli , who also had a solo hit single called `` Je veux l'amour '' .
Duck soup noodles or duck leg noodles ( simplified Chinese : 鸭腿麺线 ; traditional Chinese : 鴨腿麺線 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : ah - thuí - mī - suànn ; also spelt ak - twee - mee - sua ) is a style of serving noodles famous in Malaysia , in particular at Penang hawker centres .
Jajo 's Secret is a 2009 made for TV documentary film about the internment of Ukrainians by the government of Canada during the First World War .
Jalisco Philarmonic Orchestra ( Orquesta Filarmónica de Jalisco ) was established in 1912 by José Rolón as the Guadalajara Symphonic Orchestra in Guadalajara , Jalisco in Mexico .
Sabado Barkada ( English : Saturday Troop ) is a musical variety show in the Philippines .
Bernheim Original is a wheat whiskey produced in Bardstown , Kentucky by Heaven Hill Distilleries .
It tells the story of an Albanian boy , Mirush , who travels to Norway is search of his father .
Snake in the Eagle 's Shadow ( Chinese : 蛇形刁手 ) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Yuen Woo - ping in his directorial debut , and starring Jackie Chan , Hwang Jang Lee and Yuen Woo - ping 's real life father , Yuen Siu Tien .
Leonhard Seppala was born in the village of Skibotn in Storfjord municipality , Troms county , Norway .
Hello , Schoolgirl was released in South Korea on November 27 , 2008 , and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 309,065 admissions .
Hotel Story was an Australian television series made by Crawford Productions ( now Crawfords Australia ) for the Ten Network in 1977 .
Golden Soak is a 1979 Australian mini series about an English mining engineer who travels to Australia .
Sefarad was a Sephardic music band from Turkey .
Habichuelas con dulce is a sweet bean liquid dessert from the Dominican Republic that is especially popular around the Easter holiday .
Selat solo ( Javanese for : `` Solo salad '' ) is a western - derived Javanese cuisine specialty of Solo city , Central Java , Indonesia .
Soegija is an epic history drama of Indonesia , directed by the senior director of Indonesia Garin Nugroho , about national hero Albertus Soegijapranata .
Kids of the Majestic is a 2009 documentary film made in Bangalore , India .
The People Versus is a television game show which aired on ITV from 2000 to 2002 in the United Kingdom .
Masculin Féminin is a notable film within Godard 's 1960s period of filmmaking , and is considered by critics as representative of ' 60s France and Paris .
Krithyam ( English : Exact ) is a 2005 Malayalam film , made in India , by Viji Thampi and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran .
Tee Set was a pop rock band formed in 1966 in Delft , Netherlands .
Jenny , Juno is a 2005 South Korean romance film written and directed by Kim Ho - jun . It was released in South Korea on February 18 , 2005 and pulled in a total of 289,829 admissions .
Nostalgia for the Light was first released in France on May 14 , 2010 at the Cannes Film Festival .
Revak the Rebel was filmed on location in Italy and it cost NBC $ 750,000 , making it the most expensive pilot ever produced ( at the time ) .
Edguy is a heavy metal band from Fulda , Germany that was formed in 1992 .
Isostar was first created in Switzerland in 1977 .
The evocative music that accompanied the series by the Irish musical group Clannad titled Theme from Harry 's Game was commercially released , reaching the top five in both Ireland and the United Kingdom pop music singles charts , bringing the band its first major international exposure .
Everybody Hapi ( lit . Everybody Happy ) is a situational comedy aired every Saturday night in the Philippines on TV5 .
My Boss , My Teacher was released in South Korea on 19 January 2006 , and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 1,106,825 admissions .
The film tells the story of Soe Hok Gie , a graduate from University of Indonesia who is known as an activist and nature lover .
The Jean - Paul Sartre Experience is an EP by New Zealand band Jean - Paul Sartre Experience released in 1986 .
Pissaladière ( Ligurian : piscialandrea ; Occitan : pissaladiera , ( pisalaˈdjeɾɔ ) or pissaladina ( pisalaˈdina ) ) is a dish which originated from Nice in Southern France .
La Stampa ( meaning the Press in English ) is an Italian daily newspaper published in Turin , Italy .
Rubberen Robbie is a Dutch band ( or `` comedy act '' ) from Leiden , Netherlands , best known for a parodic compilation of Dutch - language songs that was a number - one hit in the Netherlands in 1981 .
C'est La Vie , Mon Chéri or New Endless Love ( Chinese : 新不了情 ) is a series starring Fiona Sit and Aloys Chen based on an adaptation of the 1994 Hong Kong movie , also known as C'est la vie , mon chéri .
Adele at the BBC ( also known as Adele Live in London to some international markets ) is a television special featuring British singer and songwriter Adele , hosted by Graham Norton for BBC One , and which was recorded at The London Studios , London , United Kingdom on 2 November 2015 .
Shubh Vivah ( English : Happy Wedding , Hindi : शुभ विवाह ) is an Indian television drama series telecast on Sony Entertainment Television India and Sony Entertainment Television Asia .
Master of Play ( 心戰 ) is a 2012 Hong Kong psychological crime thriller produced by TVB .
The Legend of Lady Yang is a Hong Kong television series based on the romance between Emperor Xuanzong of the Tang dynasty and his consort Yang Yuhuan .
Hate 2 O ( H2Odio in Italy ) is a 2006 film written , directed , and produced by Alex Infascelli .
The Raveonettes are a Danish indie rock duo , consisting of Sune Rose Wagner ( born 7 October 1973 , Sønderborg , Denmark ) on guitar , instruments , and vocals , and Sharin Foo ( born 22 November 1973 , Emmelev , Denmark ) on bass , guitar and vocals .
50 Years 50 Stars is a television special that marked 50 years of television in Australia .
The RD-253 ( Russian : Раке́тный дви́гатель 253 , Rocket Engine 253 ) and its later variants , the RD-275 and RD-275 M , are liquid - propellant rocket engines developed in the Soviet Union by Energomash .
Helsingin Sanomat , abbreviated HS and colloquially known as Hesari , is the largest subscription newspaper in Finland and the Nordic countries , owned by Sanoma .
Kap 's Amazing Stories was an informative and educational television programme from the Philippines .
Honey Puffs ( called Honey Weets in Australia ) is a breakfast cereal produced by Sanitarium Health and Wellbeing Company and sold in New Zealand and Australia .
Avenir Telecom was founded in 1989 in Marseille , France , by Jean - Daniel Beurnier .
At the time of its release in Thailand , Bangkok Haunted was the second - biggest grossing Thai horror film since Nang Nak in 1999 .
The first series of Nowhere Boys was financed with the assistance of the Australian Children 's Television Foundation , Film Victoria , ABC3 and Screen Australia .
MTV What the Hack ! is a TV show that airs on MTV India .
The Way of the Dragon ( Chinese : 猛龍過江 , released in the United States as Return of the Dragon ) is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written , produced and directed by Bruce Lee , who also stars in the lead role .
The Presumption of Justice is a 2012 documentary film , directed by Boris Malagurski and Ivana Rajović , it deals with the September 2009 murder of Brice Taton , a fan of Toulouse FC , who arrived to Belgrade , Serbia in order to support his club in its UEFA Europa League away match versus FK Partizan .
Pilipinas News , roughly translated as Philippine News is the flagship Filipino language late night news program broadcast by TV5 in the Philippines .
Qafqaz və Merkuri cəmiyyətinin paroxodunun limandan yola düşməsi is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Alexandre Michon .
The First Series of The Man in Room 17 was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on 17 June 2013 .
Trip na Trip was an award winning travel show in the Philippines .
The Estate Agents was a comedy series , aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom in 2002 .
Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases , created by Australian writer , actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock .
Grazia ( Italian for Grace ) is an Italian weekly women 's magazine with international editions printed in Albania , Bahrain , Bulgaria , China , Croatia , France , Germany .
Águila Roja ( `` Red Eagle '' ) is a Spanish adventure television series set in Spain during the 17th century .
The Prisoner is a 17-episode British television series first broadcast in the United Kingdom from 29 September 1967 to 1 February 1968 .
The Idiots is a co - production of companies from Denmark , France , Italy , the Netherlands , Spain , and Sweden .
Chaja & Mimi is a 2009 documentary short film by producer / director Eric Esser from Berlin , Germany .
The first season of Always Greener have been released on DVD in Region 4 ( Australia ) format ; the second is upcoming .
Pulp Sport is a New Zealand television show that mixes sport with various styles of comedy .
We 're Going to Eat You is a 1980 Hong Kong horror comedy film directed by Tsui Hark .
BTR-90 ( GAZ-5923 ) ( Russian : бронетранспортер/Bronetransporter , or literally , `` Armoured Transporter '' ) is an 8×8 wheeled armoured personnel carrier developed in Russia , designed in 1993 and first shown publicly in 1994 .
Belekoy is a Filipino delicacy that originated from Bulacan , Philippines .
Goin' Bulilit ( lit . Goin' Kids ) is a sketch comedy show broadcast on and created by ABS - CBN in the Philippines .
Norrländska Socialdemokraten ( NSD ) ( Swedish : The Norrland Social Democrat ) is a daily regional newspaper published in Norrbotten County , Sweden .
CTV National News is CTV 's flagship newscast , which airs at 11:00 pm local time on the CTV stations across Canada .
The Fuccons , known in Japan as Oh !
Durian Durian ( Chinese : 榴槤飄飄 ; Cantonese Yale : Làuh Lìn Pìu Pìu ) is a 2000 Hong Kong film directed by Fruit Chan .
Project A ( Chinese : A計劃 ; Jyutping : A Gai3 Waak6 ; also known as Pirate Patrol and Jackie Chan 's Project A ) is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film written and directed by Jackie Chan , who also starred in the film .
Le Rosier de Madame Husson , played by Marie - Anne Chazel as part of a series : `` Chez Maupassant '' , on France 2 .
Enter the Phoenix ( Chinese : 大佬愛美麗 , Daai lo oi mei lai , literally `` Big brother loves beauty '' ) is a 2004 Hong Kong film directed by Stephen Fung .
Raining in the Mountain ( simplified Chinese : 空山灵雨 ; traditional Chinese : 空山靈雨 ; pinyin : Kong shan ling yu ) is a 1979 Hong Kong - Taiwan drama film directed by King Hu .
Selo gori , a baba se češlja ( English : The village is burning , and the grandmother is combing her hair ) is a television series in Serbia .
The CZ 100 was introduced in 1995 by Česká Zbrojovka ( Uherský Brod , Czech Republic ) , the first of CZs weapons to use synthetic materials .
Bukan Bintang Biasa ( English : Not Just An Ordinary Star ) is a 2007 Indonesian comedy film directed by Lasja Fauzia and aired on Indonesia and South Korea .
The Heroic Trio ( Dung fong saam hap , TC : 東方三俠 , pinyin : dōng fāng sān xiá ) is a 1992 Hong Kong action film directed by Johnnie To , starring Michelle Yeoh , Maggie Cheung , and Anita Mui as the titular trio .
Topsia Cola ( Persian : تاپسیا کولا‎ ) is a cola - flavoured soft drink produced in Iran by Damavand Mineral Water Co ..
Bastardo del Grappa is a traditional cheese produced in the foothills of Monte Grappa massif and in the provinces of Treviso , Belluno , and Vicenza , in Italy .
De Hardheid regularly performs at poppodia and festivals throughout their home country , the Netherlands .
Sara Dane is a 1982 Australian television miniseries about a woman transported from England to Australia for a crime she did not commit .
Rachael Finch ( born 8 April 1988 ) is an Australian TV Host , dancer , model and beauty pageant titleholder She was awarded the ' People 's Choice Award ' for the 2006 Miss Teen Australia and finished as 3rd Runner - Up at Miss Universe 2009 .
UK Uncovered is a British reality television show that was filmed on location as part of a national tour , visiting nearly every major town and city in the United Kingdom .
Angel Delight is a powdered dessert product produced in the United Kingdom .
So Close is a 2002 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen , starring Shu Qi , Zhao Wei and Karen Mok .
Andrajos is a typical dish of Jaén province , Albacete , Granada province and Murcia , Spain .
Bacon and cabbage is a dish traditionally associated with Ireland .
Eye to Eye with Willie Jackson , or more simply Eye to Eye , was a New Zealand current affairs programme on TVNZ which looks at the main events from a Māori point of view .
Ajdov Kruh is a type of bread that is consumed mainly in central Slovenia .
Maple slaw ( also called sled dog slaw in parts of Canada ) is a variation of coleslaw consisting of maple syrup , cabbage , onion , fish , and seasoning .
The Yang 's Saga is a 1985 Hong Kong historical action miniseries based on a series of novels and plays titled Generals of the Yang Clan .
Vindaloo ( also known as vindallo , vindalho , or vindaalo ) is an Indian curry dish popular in the region of Goa , the surrounding Konkan , and many other parts of India .
The Nabaztag device acts as a client to the France - based servers .
Flatmania is an animated television program that airs in France ( on France 3 and Disney Channel France ) , Canada ( YTV and Radio - Canada ) Germany ( Nick ) , the U.S. ( Animania ) and in the United Kingdom ( on POP ) .
Itanong mo kay Soriano ( Tagalog for `` Ask Soriano , the Bible Will Answer '' ) is a religious radio and television program in the Philippines produced by the Members Church of God International and hosted by Eli Soriano .
Black Bridge is an independent 2006 comedy - drama film from Canada and was written and directed by Kevin Doherty .
Kitchen Superstar is a 2011 competitive cooking game show in the Philippines .
House Husbands received funding from Screen Australia and filming on the series commenced at the end of May.
Eastern Condors ( Chinese : 東方禿鷹 ) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung , who also starred in the lead role .
Red Nights ( Les Nuits rouges du Bourreau de Jade ) is a 2010 French - Hong Kong film by Julien Carbon and Laurent Courtiaud .
The Jat people ( Hindi pronunciation : ( dʒaːʈ ) ) ( also spelled Jatt and Jaat ) are a traditionally agricultural community in Northern India and Pakistan .
The film is known under the titles : `` Toto in Madrid '' ( English title ) , `` Totò a Madrid '' , `` Un coup fumant '' ( France ) , `` La culpa fue de Eva '' ( Spain ) .
Terror Train was filmed in and around Montreal , Quebec , Canada from November 21 to December 23 , 1979 .
Sexo , pudor y lágrimas ( Sex , Shame , and Tears ) is a Mexican film , the second of the so - called New Era of the Cinema of Mexico ( the first one was Like Water for Chocolate ) .
Wind at My Back is a television series which aired in Canada on CBC Television between 1996 and 2001 .
Synchromy ( French : Synchromie ) is a 1971 National Film Board of Canada visual music film by Norman McLaren utilizing graphical sound .
Spaghetti alla chitarra ( Italian : ( spaˈɡetti ˈalla kiˈtarra ) ) , also known as maccheroni alla chitarra , is a variety of egg pasta typical of Abruzzo , Italy .
Running for over 28 years , Top Club was an annual tournament of general knowledge quiz games involving clubs and organisations from the Northern Scotland region .
My Sister of Eternal Flower ( Traditional Chinese : 花花世界花家姐 ) , is the title of an Hong Kong television drama starring Charmaine Sheh , Raymond Lam , Ngo Ka - nin , and Toby Leung .
A Chip Off the Old Block ( Traditional Chinese : 巴不得爸爸 ... ) is a 2009 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced and created by Poon Ka Tak .
Ring Ka King ( Hindi : रिंग का किंग , English : King of the Ring ) was a professional wrestling promotion based in India , which was backed by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) .
My Left Eye Sees Ghosts ( simplified Chinese : 我左眼见到鬼 ; traditional Chinese : 我左眼見到鬼 ) is a 2002 Hong Kong film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka - Fai , and starring Sammi Cheng , Lau Ching - Wan , Lee San - San , and Cherrie Ying .
Elie Mitri ( born 26 January 1980 ) ( Arabic ; ايلي متري ) is a Lebanese actor and writer and stand up comedian .
Kristian Meisingset ( born 9 June 1981 ) is a Norwegian editor on culture in the conservative quarterly periodical Minerva .
Eric Zencey ( born 1953 ) is an American author , and lecturer at The University of Vermont in Burlington , Vermont and Washington University in St. Louis .
César Barbosa ( born 1954 ) is a Colombian biologist , ornithologist and botanist , specialising in the study of Fabaceae .
Liang Zicheng ( Chinese : 梁子成 , born 18 March 1982 ) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club South China .
Giovan Giacomo Paleari Fratino ( 1520 - -1586 ) , known as El Fratin or Il Fratino ( `` The Little Friar '' ) , was a military engineer who served the Spanish Emperor Charles V , and then his son Philip II of Spain .
Ruth Hill Useem ( 31 May 1915 -- 10 September 2003 ) was an American sociologist and anthropologist who introduced the concept of Third Culture Kid ( TCK ) to describe children who spent part of their developmental years in a foreign culture due to their parents ' working abroad .
Philip Hewett ( 7 September 1799 in London -- 15 December 1879 in Binstead , Isle of Wight ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Cambridge University who was active in the 1820s .
Sir Hormusjee Naorojee Mody ( 12 October 1838 -- 16 June 1911 ) was a successful Parsi businessman in Hong Kong .
Sidney Myer ( born Simcha Myer Baevski ( Russian : Симха Майер Баевский ) ; 8 February 1878 -- 5 September 1934 ) was a Jewish - Australian businessman and philanthropist , best known for creating Myer , Australia 's largest chain of department stores .
Jean - Henri Pape , born as Johann Heinrich Pape and also known as Henry Pape ( 1 July 1789 -- 2 February 1875 ) , was a distinguished French maker of pianos and harps in the early 19th century .
Flavius Timasius ( died 396 ) was a general of the Roman Empire , a relative of the Empress Aelia Flaccilla , wife of Emperor Theodosius I ( r. 379 - -395 ) .
Albert Thomas Dryer ( 1 March 1888 -- 11 April 1963 ) was an Australian medical doctor and supporter of Irish republicanism .
Peter Lykke - Seest ( 26 September 1868 -- 4 February 1948 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist , playwright , non - fiction writer , script writer and film director .
Father Leo James English , C.Ss . R. ( August 1907 -- 1997 ) was the Australian compiler and editor of two of among the first most widely used bilingual dictionaries in the Philippines .
Dr. Clifford James Hemming FBPS FRSA ( 9 September 1909 -- 25 December 2007 ) , better known as James Hemming , was a British child psychologist , educationalist and humanist .
Ambrose McCarthy Patterson ( 29 June 1877 -- 26 December 1967 ) was a painter and printmaker .
David of Dinant ( c. 1160 -- c. 1217 ) was a pantheistic philosopher .
Axel Perneczky ( 1 November 1945 -- 24 January 2009 ) was a renowned Hungarian neurosurgeon , who for the majority of his career , practised neurosurgery in Mainz in Germany .
Fred Markby ( 29 June 1892 -- 10 May 1952 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Grace S. Richmond ( Pawtucket , Rhode Island , 1866 -- 1959 ) was an American writer .
John Holles , 1st Duke of Newcastle - upon - Tyne , KG , PC ( 9 January 1662 -- 15 July 1711 ) was the son of the 3rd Earl of Clare and his wife Grace Pierrepont .
Ernst Leberecht Wagner ( 12 March 1829 -- 10 February 1888 ) was a German pathologist who was a native of Dehlitz , a town in the Burgenlandkreis district of Saxony - Anhalt .
Hiram G. Andrews ( September 12 , 1876 -- March 1968 ) was a Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Thomas Semys ( died 1603 ) was an English politician from Gloucester .
Sir Edward Bayly , 1st Baronet ( 20 February 1684 -- 28 September 1741 ) was an Irish landowner and politician .
Evan Enwerem died the next morning on 2 August 2007 , at the National Hospital in Abuja at the age of 73 .
Christmas Samuel ( 1674 -- 18 June 1764 ) was a Welsh Independent minister and writer .
John Stromberg ( Prince Edward Island , Canada , 1853 - New York , 1902 ) , was an American songwriter , composer , and conductor born in Canada of Swedish ancestry ( name originally `` Stramborg '' ) .
Rev. William Holmes Borders , Sr ( 1905 - -1993 ) was a civil rights activist and leader and pastor of Wheat Street Baptist Church in Atlanta , Georgia from 1937 to 1988 .
Julius Buths ( 7 May 1851 -- 12 March 1920 ) was a German pianist , conductor and minor composer .
Martin Růžek , born Martin Erhard ( 23 September 1918 in Červený Kostelec -- 18 December 1995 in Prague ) was a Czech actor .
Iman Willem Falck ( 25 March 1736 , Colombo - 6 February 1785 , Colombo ) was the 32nd Governor of Zeylan during the Dutch period in Ceylon .
Heather Firbank ( 27 August 1888 -- 13 April 1954 ) was an English society woman , now known for her fine wardrobe of clothes kept at the Victoria and Albert Museum ( V&A ) , London .
Jean - Baptiste Auguste Liesch ( 18 August 1874 -- 13 March 1949 ) was a Luxembourgish liberal politician , writer , and civil servant .
Marie Bennigsen - Broxup ( 1944 -- 7 December 2012 ) was a leading European expert on the Caucasus and Central Asia , with particular emphasis on Muslim communities within these regions .
Moshe Shatzkes ( Hebrew : משה שאצקס‎ ; 1881 - -1958 ) was a renowned rabbi , Talmudic scholar and noted genius , commonly known as the `` Lomzshe / Łomża Rov '' .
Zara Cisco Brough ( 1919 - 1988 ) , often spelled as Zara Ciscoe Brough , commonly referred to as Princess White Flower , was the daughter of Sarah Cisco Sullivan and the granddaughter of James Lemuel Cisco .
William Wolstenholme ( 24 February 1865 in Blackburn , Lancashire -- 23 July 1931 in London ) was an English composer and organist .
George Edward Cotterill ( 28 July 1839 -- 2 June 1913 ) was an English cricketer active from 1858 to 1874 who played for Cambridgeshire , Sussex and Cambridge University .
Bethel Coopwood ( 1827 - -1907 ) was a soldier in the Mexican--
Daniello Concina ( 20 October 1687 -- 21 February 1756 ) was an Italian Dominican preacher , controversialist and theologian .
Frederick Schoenfeld aka Fritz Schoenfeld ( 1810 , Switzerland -- 21 April 1868 , Richmond , Victoria ) , was a Swiss - born Australian artist , printmaker , lithographer and art teacher .
Sebastiano Santi ( 1788 - -1866 ) was an Italian painter , active both in oil and frescoes .
Thomas Howard , 5th Duke of Norfolk ( 9 March 1627 -- 13 December 1677 ) was an English noble .
Karl Aegerter ( 16 March 1888 -- 12 May 1969 ) was a prolific Swiss painter , draftsman , etcher , muralist , illustrator , designer and sculptor .
Nicholas Tufton , 3rd Earl of Thanet ( 7 August 1631 -- 24 November , 1679 ) , styled Lord Tufton until 1664 , was an English nobleman .
Fang Zhaoling ( Chinese : 方召麐 , 17 January 1914 -- 20 February 2006 ) was a Chinese painter and calligrapher .
Constantin Marin ( 27 February 1925 -- 1 January 2011 ) was a Romanian award - winning musician , conductor and composer .
Jacob Pieter van Braam ( Werkhoven , 27 October 1737 -- Zwolle , 16 July 1803 ) was a Dutch admiral .
Charles Kingsley ( 12 June 1819 -- 23 January 1875 ) was a broad church priest of the Church of England , a university professor , historian and novelist .
Fred Hartley ( 1905 - -1980 ) was a Scottish pianist , conductor and composer of light music best known for his waltz Rouge et Noir .
Dagobert I ( c. 603 -- 19 January 639 ) was the king of Austrasia ( 623 - -634 ) , king of all the Franks ( 629 - -634 ) , and king of Neustria and Burgundy ( 629 - -639 ) .
Robert Barnewall , 12th Baron Trimlestown ( c.1704 -- 6 December 1779 ) was a prominent Anglo - Irish landowner , active in the Roman Catholic cause .
Around 208 CE , when Liu Biao was critically ill and was dying , Cai Mao prevented Liu Biao 's elder son , Liu Qi , from seeing his father because he and his sister favoured Liu Biao 's younger son , Liu Cong .
Major Wanda Gertz ( 13 April 1896 -- 10 November 1958 ) was a Polish soldier who served in the Polish Legion during World War I while masquerading as a man , under the name `` Kazimierz ' Kazik ' Zuchowicz '' .
Paval Zhauryd ( 1889 in Žaǔryd -- 1939 in Belarusian : Павал Жаўрыд ) was a Belarusian military commander .
Sir Roger Fiennes ( ca . 1384 -- ca . 1449 ) was an English Knight , Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex , and builder of Herstmonceux Castle .
James Douglas , 14th Earl of Morton KT PRS ( 1702 -- 12 October 1768 ) was a Scottish astronomer and representative peer who was President of the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh from its foundation in 1737 until his death .
Emperor Yohannes III ( c. 1797 -- c. 1873 ) was the last of the elder `` Gondar '' line of the Solomonic dynasty to reign over Ethiopia .
Mrs. John Wood ( 6 November 1831 ( bap . 28 November ) , Liverpool -- 11 January 1915 , Birchington - on - Sea ) , born Matilda Charlotte Vining , was an English actress and theatre manager .
Frederick Johann Weber ( March 4 , 1881 -- 1967 ) was an Austrian - American photographer based in Jamaica , Queens .
James Jefferys ( 19 May 1751 -- 31 January 1784 ) was a British engraver and painter .
Anne Bannister ( 11 May 1936 -- 26 March 2015 ) was a British child psychotherapist , a pioneer in using stories , toys and puppets to work with victims of child abuse .
Roberto Porta ( 7 June 1913 -- 2 January 1984 ) was Uruguayan footballer .
Tadeusz Wojciech Maklakiewicz , born 20 October 1922 , Mszczonów -- 24 March 1996 , Warsaw , was a Polish composer , music educator , activist and jurist .
Francis Mary of the Cross Jordan , S.D.S. ( 16 June 1848 -- 8 September 1918 ) , was a German Catholic priest and the founder of the Society of the Divine Savior , commonly called the Salvatorians .
Hugh Christie OBE ( died 1962 ) was an English farmer and educator .
Louie René ( c. 1872 - 9 March 1955 ) was an English singer and actress best remembered for her performances with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in the Gilbert and Sullivan contralto roles at the turn of the 20th century .
Abram Robertson Byram ( died 1893 ) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane Municipal Council , Queensland , Australia .
John Alexander Fladgate ( 1 January 1809 - 12 December 1901 ) , was a port wine merchant .
Peire Pelet ( died 1303 ) was the conseigneur of Alès in the Languedoc .
Cui Zhaowei ( 崔昭緯 ) ( d. 896 ) , courtesy name Yunyao ( 蘊曜 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong .
Heinz Warneke ( June 30 , 1895 -- 1983 ) American sculptor , best remembered as an animalier .
Muqtida Hasan Nida Fazli , known as Nida Fazli ( 12 October 1938 -- 8 February 2016 ) , was an Indian Hindi and Urdu poet , lyricist and dialogue writer .
Odinigwe Benedict Chukwukadibia Bonaventure Enwonwu ( 14 July 1917 -- 5 February 1994 ) was a premier African modernist and a pioneer who is better known as Ben Enwonwu .
Peter Metge ( c. 1740 -- 1809 ) was an Irish politician and judge ; he was a colourful character noted for his fondness for dueling .
Odd Sannes ( 3 August 1922 -- 24 March 1999 ) was a Norwegian Olympic sport shooter and World Champion .
Edgar Innes Fripp ( 27 November 1861 -- 9 November 1931 ) was a Unitarian minister and English antiquarian who specialized in Shakespearean research in the archives of Stratford - upon - Avon , and the father of the artist Paul Fripp .
Axel Strøby Jacobsen ( 22 February 1928 -- 12 July 2005 ) , known as Axel Strøbye was a Danish stage and film actor .
William Screven ( c. 1629 -- 1713 ) was a 17th - century Reformed Baptist church planter and preacher from England who founded the first Baptist church in the South .
Charles La Tourasse ( b. 1630 - -38 France -- d. 9 October 1696 Nova Scotia ) was a sergeant in the French garrison at the time of the Battle of Port Royal .
Ng Ming - yam ( Chinese : 吳明欽 ; 1955 -- 22 June 1992 ) was a Hong Kong politician and writer .
Katharina Paldauf ( born about 1625 in Fürstenfeld ; died probably 23 September 1675 ) , born Fondell , was the wife of the keeper of the Riegersburg Castle and the most prominent victim of the Great Witch trial of Feldbach ( 1673 - -1675 ) .
Thornton T. Munger ( 1883 -- 1975 ) was a pioneering research scientist for the U.S. Forest Service in the Pacific Northwest , known for founding research operations at the Wind River Experimental Forest .
İbrahim Bilgen ( 2 March 1949 -- 31 May 2010 ) was a Turkish politician , electrical engineer and activist .
Robert Benfield ( died July 1649 ) was a seventeenth - century actor , noted for his longtime membership in the King 's Men in the years and decades after William Shakespeare 's retirement and death .
Francis North , 1st Baron Guilford PC KC(22 October 1637 - - 5 September 1685 ) was the third son of Dudley , 4th Baron North , and Anne Montagu , and was created Baron Guilford in 1683 , after becoming Lord Keeper of the Great Seal in succession to Lord Nottingham .
Richard Dagley ( ? --1841 ) was an English subject painter .
Phillip Anthony Crockett ( 23 August 1945 -- 30 June 2008 ) was a Welsh Anglican Bishop of Bangor from 2004 until his death from prostate cancer in 2008 .
Akira Mikazuki ( 1921 - 14 November 2010 ) was former justice minister of Japan and Professor Emeritus of Tokyo University .
James Clemmer ( d. 1942 ) was a vaudeville and movie theater manager at the film industry 's start in the Pacific Northwest of the United States .
Daphne Rye ( 1916 -- 10 November 1992 ) was a director , actress and casting director .
Nipper Pat Daly , real name Patrick Clifford Daley ( 17 February 1913 -- 25 September 1988 ) , was a British boxer who fought professionally between 1923 and 1931 .
Jan Wojnowski ( 23 December 1946 in Torzewo - 9 February 1990 in Bydgoszcz ) was a Polish weightlifter .
Wal Bamford ( 1916 - -1985 ) was a rugby league player in the Australian competition , the New South Wales Rugby League .
Stevie Plunder , born as Anthony Hayes ( July / August 1963 -- 26 January 1996 ) , was an Australian guitarist and singer - songwriter .
John Cecil Clay , 1875 - 1930 , was an American illustrator known for genre and caricature paintings .
John Brooke , 1st Baron Cobham ( died 1660 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1643 .
Sir Clement Clerke , 1st Baronet ( died 1693 ) was an important ( but financially unsuccessful ) English entrepreneur , whose greatest achievement was the application of the reverberatory furnace ( cupola ) to smelting lead and copper , and to remelting pig iron for foundry purposes .
Robert Frederic Cox ( 1905 - -1985 ) was a British singer , composer and music educator .
Nils Löfgren ( 1913 - -1967 ) was a Swedish chemist who developed the anaesthetic Lidocaine ( under the name Xylocaine ) in 1943 .
Lieutenant - Colonel Richard de Villamil ( 1850 - -1936 ) was a British army officer and physicist , who wrote a biography of Isaac Newton .
Guy Kingsley Poynter , also known as Guy Kingsley ( 3 September 1915 -- 6 September 1983 ) , was an American actor .
William Cattley ( 1788 -- 8 August 1835 ) was an international merchant and horticulturist .
Francis Fauquier ( 1703 -- 3 March 1768 ) was a Lieutenant Governor of Virginia Colony ( in what is today the United States ) , and served as acting governor from 1758 until his death in 1768 .
Eduard Caudella ( 22 May ( or 3 June ) 1841 -- 15 April 1924 ) was a Romanian opera composer , also a violin virtuoso , conductor , teacher and critic .
Abdulkareem Adisa died in a London hospital in February 2005 from injuries sustained in a car accident .
Lorinda Munson Bryant ( 21 March 1855 − 13 December 1933 ) was a writer and educator .
Otto I , Margrave of Hachberg - Sausenberg ( 1302 - -1384 ) was a member of the House of Zähringen .
John Buonarotti Papworth ( London 24 January 1775 -- 16 June 1847 Little Paxton , Huntingdonshire ) was a prolific architect , artist and a founder member of the Royal Institute of British Architects .
Sir John Edward Kynaston Studd , 1st Baronet OBE ( 26 July 1858 -- 14 January 1944 ) , known as `` JEK '' , was a British cricketer , businessman and Lord Mayor of London .
Bernard Lefebvre ( 27 March 1906 - 30 November 1992 ) , known as Ellebé , was a French photographer .
Elizabeth Russell , Duchess of Bedford VA ( née Sackville - West ; 23 September 1818 -- 22 April 1897 ) was born the daughter of the 5th Earl De La Warr and his wife Lady Elizabeth Sackville .
Clemens Blume ( 31 January 1862 Billerbeck - 1932 ) was a Jesuit hymnologist .
Sengalipuram Anantarama Dikshitar ( Tamil : செங்களிபுரம் அனந்தராம தீட்சிதர் ; 2 August 1903 -- 30 October 1969 ) was a Śrauti scholar and also was a great exponent of the art of upanyasas ( discourses ) on various subjects in Hinduism .
Rawdon Briggs Lee ( 9 July 1845 -- 29 February 1908 ) was an English dog breeder and writer on dogs .
Manasseh Dawes ( died 1829 ) was an English barrister and miscellaneous writer .
Odhise Paskali ( 22 December 1903 -- 13 September 1985 ) is one of the most acclaimed Albanian sculptors .
Eleanor Hudson , known professionally as Erlund Hudson , ( 18 February 1912 - 9 March 2011 ) , was a watercolourist , etcher and designer best known for her depictions of women at work during the Second World War and her post - war paintings of ballet dancers .
Sir William Parkyns or Perkins ( 1649?--1696 ) was an English lawyer and Jacobite conspirator , executed for high treason .
John Elphinstone , 2nd Lord Balmerino ( died 1649 ) was a Scottish aristocrat , convicted in a celebrated trial of the 1630s which became a crux of the religious issue of the time .
Aderald ( died 1004 ) was a canon and archdeacon of Troyes , France , when he led a pilgrimage to the Holy Land .
Frederic Crowninshield ( 1845 - -1918 ) was an American artist and author .
Philip Frederick Mayer ( 1 April 1781 , in New York City - 16 April 1858 , in Philadelphia ) was a United States Lutheran clergyman .
Maximilian of Hesse - Kassel ( 28 May 1689 , Marburg -- 8 May 1753 , Kassel ) was a prince of Hesse - Kassel and a Generalfeldzeugmeister , Generalfeldmarschall and finally Reichsgeneralfeldmarschall in the army of the Holy Roman Empire .
Emicho I , Count of Nassau - Hadamar ( also known as Emich , first mentioned in 1289 , died on 7 June 1334 ) , was the second son of Count Otto I of Nassau and his wife Agnes ( d. 1303 ) , the daughter of Count Emich IV of Leiningen - Landeck .
Thornton Chase died on 30 September 1912 in Los Angeles , of complications following unsuccessful surgery .
Ruth Pine Furniss ( 1893 -- 1957 ) , was an American writer who published several short stories and novels .
Carl Wilhelm Hugo Schnars - Alquist ( 29 October 1855 - 20 August 1939 ) was a German art collector and painter of maritime scenes .
Andreas Tscherning ( 18 November 1611 -- 27 September 1659 ) was a German poet , hymn writer and literary theorist in the tradition of Martin Opitz .
Emily Farmer ( 25 July 1826 , London - 8 May 1905 , Portchester , Hampshire ) was an English watercolour painter .
Rebecca Cox Jackson ( 1795 - -1871 ) was an African - American free woman , best known for her religious activism and for her autobiography .
Muiredach mac Ainbcellaig was king of the Cenél Loairn , and of Dál Riata ( modern western Scotland ) , from about 733 until 736 .
Franz Burri ( 1901 - -1987 ) was a Swiss political figure who , from his base in Germany , became the leading disseminater of Nazi propaganda in the country .
Kiowa Costonie led an adventurous , busy life helping those in need until his death in 1971 .
Magnus I , Duke of Mecklenburg ( 1345 -- 1 September 1384 ) was Duke of Mecklenburg from 1383 until his death .
Jack Donahue ( 1804 -- 1 September 1830 ) was a bushranger in Australia between 1825 and 1830 .
Harry Hutchens ( born Henry Hutchins , 1858 -- 2 January 1939 ) was a professional British runner .
Kate Mason Rowland ( 22 June 1840 - -28 June 1916 ) was an American author , historian , genealogist , biographer , editor and historic preservationist .
Henry Barley or Barlee ( 1487 -- 12 November 1529 ) , of Albury , Hertfordshire , was a Member of Parliament during the Tudor period .
Samuel James Kitson ( 1848 - -1906 ) was a fine arts sculptor active in the United States from about 1876 to 1906 .
Robert Logan Jack ( 16 September 1845 -- 6 November 1921 ) was Queensland government geologist for twenty years .
Mir Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo died on 11 August 1989 .
Pyotr Romanovich Bagration ( Russian : Пётр Рома́нович Багратио́н ; 24 September 1818 -- 17 January 1876 ) , the son of general Prince Roman Bagration , was a Russian - Georgian statesman , general and scientist who invented the first dry galvanic cell .
Jiang Wei ( 202 - -264 ) , courtesy name Boyue , was a military general and regent of the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period .
Johann Zwelfer ( 1618 - -1668 ) was a German chemist , pharmacist and physician .
Jacob ben Ephraim ( died in Lublin 1648 ) was a Polish rabbi .
Lebo Mathosa ( 17 July 1977 - 23 October 2006 ) was a popular South African kwaito singer .
Francesco Magini ( Fano , between 1668 and 1670 -- 1714 ) was a minor Italian composer active in Rome in the first decade of the eighteenth century .
Admiral Sir Richard Spry ( 1715 - - 25 November 1775 ) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander - in - Chief , North American Station .
Angelo Pietrasanta ( 1837 --1876 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of historical canvases .
Ieng Thirith ( née Khieu ; Khmer : អៀង ធីរិទ្ធ ; 10 March 1932 -- 22 August 2015 ) was an influential figure in the Khmer Rouge , although she was neither a member of the Khmer Rouge Standing Committee nor of the Central Committee .
John Henry Dearle or J. H. Dearle ( London 1859 -- 15 January 1932 ) was a British textile and stained - glass designer trained by the artist and craftsman William Morris who was much influenced by the Pre - Raphaelite Brotherhood .
Kalle Nämdeman ( 1883 - -1945 ) was the stage name of Karl Gustafsson , a Swedish songwriter , performer and recording artist .
Thomas Gatacre ( by 1533 - 1593 ) was an English politician and cleric .
Edgar Smith Wigg ( 7 June 1818 -- 15 October 1899 ) was an Adelaide , South Australian bookseller and stationer , founder of the firm E. S. Wigg and Son .
Marc Mortier ( 9 December 1948 -- 3 May 2004 ) was CEO of Flanders Expo from its foundation in 1986 to 2002 .
Sam McAughtry ( 24 March 1921 -- 28 March 2014 ) was a Northern Irish writer and broadcaster .
Joff Ellen ( 20 May 1915 -- 30 December 1999 ) ( real name Raymond Charles Ellen ) was an Australian entertainer , actor and comedian .
John Hicks Adams ( 1820 - -1878 ) was an American 49er of the California Gold Rush , and Sheriff of Santa Clara County between February 6 , 1864 and 1870 , then again between 1871 and 1875 .
Nyimpine Chissano ( 1970 -- 19 November 2007 ) was the eldest son of former Mozambican president Joaquim Chissano .
Thomas Edward Cliffe Leslie ( 21 June 1825 -- 27 January 1882 ) was an Irish jurist and economist .
Wolfgang Paul ( 10 August 1913 -- 7 December 1993 ) was a German physicist , who co - developed the non - magnetic quadrupole mass filter which laid the foundation for what we now call an ion trap .
Hans von Obstfelder ( 6 September 1886 -- 20 December 1976 ) was a German general of infantry , serving during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Charlie Longhurst ( 8 April 1911 -- 12 February 1970 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Bernie Treweek ( 27 September 1914 -- 27 November 1957 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Marsham ( died 1819 ) was an English entomologist , specializing on beetles .
Matthew Baird ( 1817 - -1877 ) was one of the early partners in the Baldwin Locomotive Works .
Robert Hewitt Barker ( 1887 -- 14 February 1961 ) was a British textile mill owner .
Cairell mac Muiredaig Muinderg ( died 532 ) also Cairell Coscrach ( `` victorious '' ) was a king of Ulaid from the Dal Fiatach .
Hubert Leitgeb ( 31 October 1965 -- 4 February 2012 ) was an Italian biathlete .
Frank Kennedy ( 31 July 1920 -- 27 December 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Joseph Sedgwick , CC , QC ( 24 November 1898 -- 27 December 1981 ) was a Canadian lawyer .
Flying Childers stood as a private stallion at the Duke 's Chatsworth estate in Derbyshire , until his death in 1741 at age 26 .
Lila Meade Valentine ( February 4 , 1865 -- July 14 , 1921 ) was an American educational reformer and a participant in the woman 's suffrage movement .
Derek Austin ( 11 August 1921 -- 22 May 2001 ) was a librarian and an author .
Hugh Merewether ( 20 May 1924 in South Africa -- 13 September 2006 ) was a British test pilot who pioneered the vertical and short take - off and landing ( V / STOL ) techniques that led to the development of the Hawker Siddeley Harrier .
Richard St John Tyrwhitt ( 1827 - -1895 ) was an English cleric and academic , known as a writer on art .
Dinos Iliopoulos ( Greek : Ντίνος Ηλιόπουλος ; 12 June 1915 -- 6 June 2001 ) was a Greek actor .
Joe Oakley ( 28 January 1914 -- 8 December 1980 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Erik Kristen - Johanssen ( 13 March 1901 -- 30 January 1976 ) was a Norwegian jurist and theatre director .
Marietta Pallis ( 1882 - -1963 ) was a Greek - Briton ecologist and botanical artist .
Basil Collier ( 1908 -- 1983 ) , full name John Basil Collier , was a British author of books of military history , particularly military aviation and World War II , and military and political strategy .
Sicco Polenton ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsikko polenˈtɔn ; -ton ) ; 1375 - -1447 ) was an Italian jurist , Neolatin author , and Renaissance humanist .
When he died in Luxembourg City on 5 February 1975 , Tissen left an extensive collection of paintings and other artistic artifacts , most of which are presented in the commemorative book Rétrospective Foni Tissen 100 Joer .
Lucius Vipstanus Claudius Poplicola Messalla ( c. 105 -- aft . 140 ) was a sal .
Peter Hollander Ridder ( 1608 - -1692 ) was the governor of the Swedish colony of New Sweden from 1640 until 1643 .
Saint Margaret of Fontana ( 1440 - 1513 ) was a Dominican of the Third Order and is a Roman Catholic saint .
Christian Eric Fahlcrantz , ( 30 August 1780 -- 6 August 1866 ) , Swedish author , was born at Stora Tuna in Dalarna .
Bridget Barrett ( died 10 September 1845 ) was an Irish murder victim .
Henry Howard , 2nd Earl of Effingham DL ( 23 August 1806 -- 5 February 1889 ) , styled Lord Howard of Effingham from 1837 to 1845 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Carl Axel Løvenskiold ( 13 January 1912 -- 28 September 1980 ) was a Norwegian landowner and painter .
Hugh Exton ( 26 March 1864 Western Cape - 1955 ) was a South African self - taught photographer noted for creating more than 23000 glass slides during his career spanning 1892 to 1945 , and preserved at the Hugh Exton Photographic Museum , a former Dutch Reformed church built in Pietersburg in the 1890s .
Roustam Raza , also known as Roustan or Rustam ( 1783 -- 7 December 1845 ) , was Napoleon 's mamluk bodyguard .
Josiah Merritt ( ? - 1882 ) , sometimes known as `` Uncle Si '' was an early pioneer of the Pacific Northwest .
Philip Edward MacKenzie , P. E. MacKenzie ( January 9 , 1872 -- May 1946 ) , joined the firm McCraney & Hutchinson in 1909 as barrister which then became , McCraney , McKenzie and Hutchinson .
Sir Peter Manwood ( 1571 -- 1625 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1589 and 1621 .
Zeferino Nandayapa ( born 26 August 1931 , Copainalá -- died 28 December 2010 , Tlalnepantla ) was a Mexican folk and classical marimba player .
Ole Borge ( 4 May 1916 -- 24 May 1995 ) was a Norwegian jurist and resistance member during World War II . He was born in Kristiania .
Hugh Stowell Brown ( 10 August 1823 -- 24 February 1886 ) was a Manx Christian minister and renowned preacher .
Mary Crawford Fraser ( April 8 , 1851 -- 1922 ) , usually known as Mrs. Hugh Fraser , was a writer noted for her various memoirs and historical novels .
General Sir Henry Finnis KCB , MC ( 21 April 1890 -- 31 May 1945 ) was a British officer in the Indian Army .
Frederick George Scott ( 7 April 1861 -- 19 January 1944 ) was a Canadian poet and author , known as the Poet of the Laurentians .
Wilfred Barber , known as Wilf Barber ( 18 April 1901 -- 10 September 1968 ) , was a professional first - class cricketer who played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1926 to 1947 .
Trần Văn Cẩn ( Kiến An , now part of Hải Phòng city , 13 August 1910 -- 1994 ) was a Vietnamese painter .
Andreas Hofgaard Winsnes ( 25 October 1889 -- 9 July 1972 ) was a Norwegian literary historian and historian of ideas .
Arsène Herbinier ( 1869 -- before 1955 Paris ) was a French lithograph artist .
Rudolf F. Haffenreffer III ( c. 1902 -- April 28 , 1991 ) was a Rhode Island industrialist and philanthropist .
Ján Móry ( or Johann Mory ) ( 10 July 1892 -- 5 May 1978 ) was a Slovak composer and pedagogue also known under pseudonym H. Tschirmer .
Nathaniel Clements , 2nd Earl of Leitrim , KP PC ( Ire ) ( 9 May 1768 -- 31 December 1854 ) , styled The Honourable from 1783 to 1795 , and then Viscount Clements to 1804 , was an Irish nobleman and politician .
Libero Liberati ( 20 September 1926 -- 5 March 1962 ) was an Italian motorcycle racer and the 1957 500cc Grand Prix World Champion .
Albert Beresford Horsley CBE , QC ( 2 January 1880 -- 19 November 1923 ) was an English cricketer .
Lina Franziska Fehrmann ( born in Dresden on 11 October 1900 ; died 10 June 1950 ) was an artist model generally called Fränzi and associated to Die Brücke .
Khem Shahani died on 6 July 2001 while on a speaking tour in Sicily ( Italy ) .
Muriel Stuart ( 1885 , Norbury , South London -- 18 December 1967 ) , born Muriel Stuart Irwin , was a poet , the daughter of a Scottish barrister .
Lewis Morris Wilkins ( ca 1768 -- January 3 , 1848 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Pyotr Yegorovich Chistyakov ( 1790 -- 21 January 1862 ) was a Russian explorer , chief manager of the Russian - American Company and admiral .
Pierre - Antoine Bellangé ( 1757 - -1827 ) was a French ébéniste ( cabinetmaker ) working in Paris .
Liu Qubei ( Chinese : 劉去卑 ; pinyin : Liú Qùbēi ) , ( died 272 ) was a Tiefu Hun ( Ch . Xiongnu ) chieftain from 260 to 272 .
Safi Lakhnavi ( Urdu : صفی لکھنوی , Hindi : सफ़ी लखनवी pronunciation ) , born Syed Ali Naqi Zaidi ( January 2 , 1862 - -1950 ) , was a prominent Urdu poet .
Sir Gerald Wills , MBE ( 3 October 1905 -- 31 October 1969 ) was a British barrister and politician who was Member of Parliament for Bridgwater from 1950 until his death .
Xia Gui ( Chinese : 夏圭 or 夏珪 ; Wade -- Giles : Hsia Kui ; fl . 1195 - -1224 ) , courtesy name Yuyu ( 禹玉 ) , was a Chinese landscape painter of the Song dynasty .
Lady Clare Rendlesham ( died 1987 ) was a British fashion editor and boutique manager .
John Frederick Smith ( 1806 - 1890 ) was a popular English novelist , who has been called `` England 's most popular novelist of the mid - nineteenth century '' .
Charles Bathurst , 1st Viscount Bledisloe GCMG KBE PC ( 21 September 1867 -- 3 July 1958 ) , was a British Conservative politician and colonial governor .
T. V. Sadasiva Pandarathar ( Tamil : தி. வை. சதாசிவ பண்டாரத்தார் 15 August 1892 - 2 January 1960 ) was a Tamil historian from Tamil Nadu , India .
Mary Lacy ( born circa 1740 , died 1801 ) was a British sailor , shipwright and memoirist .
Alexander John Goodrum ( 1960 - -2002 ) was an internationally known African - American transgender civil rights activist , writer , and educator .
Oda of Metz ( ca . 910 -- 10 Apr 963 ) was a German noblewoman .
Archibald Henderson died suddenly on 6 January 1859 .
Moore Gwillim ( died 1611 ) , of Monmouth and Rockfield , Monmouthshire , was a Welsh politician .
M. V. Subbaiah Naidu ( 1896 - 21 July 1962 ) was an Indian stage artiste in the silent movies era .
Roland Vila ( 6 May 1949 -- 15 May 1998 ) was a Catalan / French author based in Sweden .
Nihat Nikerel ( 05 February 1950 -- 26 September 2009 ) was a Turkish actor , best known for his role in the crime drama series Kurtlar Vadisi .
Dhimiter Çani ( 1904 , Korçë , Manastir Vilayet , Ottoman Empire -- 1990 ) was an Albanian sculptor .
Miervaldis Birze ( born Augusts Miervaldis Bērziņš ; 21 March 1921 -- 6 July 2000 ) was a Latvian writer , publicist , physician and Holocaust survivor .
Neddy Lohan , Captain of Irish Whiteboys , died in 1820 .
Thomas Penswick ( 1772 - -1836 ) was an English Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District from 1831 to 1836 .
Jonas Zeuner ( Kassel 1727 - -1814 ) , was an artist and engraver .
Stafford Allen ( 1806 -- 14 October 1889 ) was a British industrialist , abolitionist , Quaker and philanthropist .
John H. Mercer ( Cheltenham , England , 19 October 1922 -- Columbus , Ohio 3 July 1987 ) was a glaciologist , chiefly known for his theoretical work on , and field studies of Antarctic ice streams , especially in the Transantarctic Mountains and in West Antarctica .
Giorgio Vladagni ( Latin : Georgius Vladagnus , Albanian : Gjergj Vladanji , Serbo - Croatian : Đorđe Vladanji ; 1712 - 1765 ) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
James Thomas Law ( 1790 - -1876 ) was an English cleric , the chancellor of the diocese of Lichfield from 1821 .
Sir William Button , 1st Baronet ( 1584 -- 16 January 1655 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1629 .
Pino Mlakar ( pronunciation ) ( 2 March 1907 -- 30 September 2006 ) was a Slovenian ballet dancer , choreographer , and teacher .
Cajetan von Textor ( 28 December 1782 -- 7 August 1860 ) was a German surgeon born in the Ebersberg district of Upper Bavaria .
Basil Milovsoroff ( 1906 - 1992 ) was an accomplished Russian - American puppeteer .
Andrew Fountaine ( 7 December 1918 -- 14 September 1997 ) was an activist involved in the British far right .
Fred Knee ( 1868 - 1914 ) was a British trade unionist and socialist politician .
Jorge del Moral Ugarte ( Mexico City , 23 December 1900 - 1941 ) was a Mexican concert pianist and songwriter .
Clay Huffman ( 1957 - -2001 ) was a multi - medium artist , most well known for his vibrant , multicolored serigraphs of local roadside architecture .
Henri Carette ( 1832 - -1891 in Paris ) was a French politician .
Aimée Julie Cheron ( née Jovin in Paris , 26 April 1821 -- c. 1890 ) was a French miniature painter .
Nicola Chetta , ( Arbërisht : Nikollë Keta ; 1740 ? -- 1803 ) was an Arbëresh writer and priest .
Kostis Palamas ( Greek : Κωστής Παλαμάς ; 13 January ( O.S. 8 January ) 1859 -- 27 February 1943 ) was a Greek poet who wrote the words to the Olympic Hymn .
Walter Aston , 1st Lord Aston of Forfar ( baptised 9 July 1584 -- 13 August 1639 ) was an English courtier and diplomat .
William de Cornhill ( or William of Cornhill ; died 1223 ) was a medieval Bishop of Coventry .
Sir John Stonhouse , 2nd Baronet ( 1601 -- 14 June 1632 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629 .
Chen Chang ( 陳昌 ) ( 537 - -560 ) , courtesy name Jingye ( 敬業 ) , formally Prince Xian of Hengyang ( 衡陽獻王 ) , was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Chen Dynasty .
Zeynab bint Al - Harith ( Arabic : زينب بنت الحارث‎ ; died 628 ) was a Jewish woman who lived in Khaybar , Arabia , in the early seventh century .
Andrzej Włast ( aka Gustaw Baumritter ) ( 17 March 1885 - 1942 or 1943 ) was a Polish Jewish songwriter .
William Ick ( 1800 -- 23 September 1844 ) was an English botanist and geologist .
Fredrik Lange - Nielsen ( 13 May 1891 -- 16 May 1980 ) was a Norwegian mathematician and insurance company manager .
Ernst Anton Henrik Sinding ( 8 December 1839 -- 11 January 1924 ) was a Norwegian school director .
Anna Loginova ( Russian : Анна Логинова , 3 September 1978 -- 27 January 2008 ) was a Russian fashion model and later a trained bodyguard .
Sayyed Gholamreza Rouhani alias Ajjeneh ( Persian : غلامرضا روحانی‎ ) 17 May 1897 to 29 August 1985 , was an Iranian humorous poet .
Reimond Stijns ( Mullem , 10 May 1850 -- Sint - Jans - Molenbeek , 12 December 1905 ) was a Belgian writer .
José García Narezo ( November 26 , 1922 -- July 8 , 1994 ) was a Mexican painter and a founding member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana .
Sancho Garcés III ( Basque : Antso III.a Gartzez ; c. 990 -- 18 October 1035 ) , also known as Sancho III of Pamplona and nicknamed the Great , was King of Pamplona and Count of Aragon from 1004 until his death in 1035 .
Richard Mique ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁiʃaːʁ mik ) ) ( 18 September 1728 -- 8 July 1794 ) was a neoclassical French architect born in Lorraine .
Blessed James Salomoni ( Italian : Giacomo Salomoni ; 1231 - -1314 ) was an Italian Dominican priest , ascetic , and mystic who is venerated as a beatus by the Catholic Church .
Thomas Shelmerdine ( 1845 - -1921 ) was an English architect who was appointed to the post of City Surveyor of Liverpool at the age of 26 .
Camill Heller ( 26 September 1823 -- 25 February 1917 ) was a zoologist and anatomist .
Hugues Cosnier was a French engineer who conceived of the Briare Canal who was born in Tours , 1573 , and died in 1629 .
Joseph Stirling Coyne ( 1803 - -1868 ) was a humorist and satirist in the tradition of Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope .
Major William M. Jones ( b. Bear River , Nova Scotia , 1895 - d. Ontario , 1969 ) was a soldier of WW1 and WW2 who served with distinction with the Yugoslav Partisans .
Edward Bruce , 1st Lord Kinloss PC ( 1548 -- 14 January 1611 ) was a Scottish lawyer and judge .
Torbjørn Sikkeland ( 3 August 1923 -- 7 November 2014 ) was a Norwegian chemist , nuclear physicist and radiation biophysicist .
Daniele Seccarecci ( 10 June 1980 -- 3 September 2013 ) was an Italian bodybuilder .
Manoug Parikian ( 15 September 1920 -- 24 December 1987 ) was a British concert violinist and violin professor of Armenian descent .
Mercy Hunter MBE ( 22 January 1910 -- 20 July 1989 ) was a Northern Irish artist , calligrapher and teacher .
Swaminarayan ( IAST : Svāmīnārāyaṇa , 3 April 1781 -- 1 June 1830 ) , also known as Sahajanand Swami , is the central figure in a modern sect of Hinduism known as the Swaminarayan Hinduism .
Al - Mu'tadid I ( Arabic : المعتضد بالله‎ ) was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo , Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1352 and 1362 .
Deva Raya II ( r. 1425 - -1446 CE ) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire .
Park Won - jong ( korean:박원종;朴元宗,1467 - 1510 ) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politician and soldier , served as Prime Minister or Chief State Councillor from 1506 to 1510 .
Menahem Gnessin ( 1882 - -1952 ) was an early Jewish actor and Hebrew language instructor who created the Amateur Dramatic Arts Company in 1907 for presentation of plays in Hebrew .
Satyen Sen ( Bengali : সত্যেন সেন ) , ( 1907 - 1981 ) , a historian of Bengali literature from Bangladesh .
Sergio Ciani ( 7 September 1935 -- 5 September 2015 ) , best known as Alan Steel , was an Italian bodybuilder and actor .
Gareth Hughes ( 23 August 1894 -- 1 October 1965 ) was a Welsh stage and silent screen actor .
Stephen Morrey ( 1880 -- 1921 ) was an English - born merchant , farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Duncan McDuffie ( September 24 , 1877 -- 1951 ) was a real estate developer , conservationist , and mountaineer based in Berkeley , California , USA .
Françoise Demulder ( 9 June 1947 -- 3 September 2008 ) was a French war photographer who in 1976 became the first woman to win the prestigious World Press Photo of the Year award .
Richard Partridge FRS , FRCS ( 19 January 1805 ; Ross - on - Wye , Herefordshire -- 25 March 1873 ; London ) was a British surgeon .
Zev Wolfson ( 27 September 1928 -- 13 August 2012 ) was an American real estate businessman and philanthropist , especially notable among the Haredi community .
Léopold Jorédié ( 1947 -- 8 September 2013 ) was a former Vice - President of the Government of New Caledonia under Jean Lèques .
Sir Edward Dering , 6th Baronet ( 28 September 1732 -- 8 December 1798 ) , was the British Member of Parliament for New Romney .
Cui Riyong 崔日用 ( 673 - -722 ) , formally Duke Zhao of Qi 齊昭公 , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , briefly serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Ruizong .
Knud Jessen ( 29 November 1884 -- 14 April 1971 ) was a Danish botanist and quaternary geologist .
Clara Haskil ( 7 January 1895 - 7 December 1960 ) was a Romanian classical pianist , renowned as an interpreter of the classical and early romantic repertoire .
Nancy Tyson Burbidge AO ( 5 August 1912 -- 4 March 1977 ) was an Australian systemic botanist , conservationist and herbarium curator .
Manuel Canaveris ( 1787 - -1830 ) was an Argentine army officer , Lieutenant in the Regiment of Patricians .
Jack Cusack ( November 17 , 1890 -- 1973 ) was one of the prominent early figures in professional football in Ohio .
Khachatur Avetisyan ( 1926 - -1996 ) ( Armenian : Խաչատուր Ավետիսյան , Xačatur Avetisyan ; alternate transliterations include Avetisian or Avetissian ) was an influential Armenian composer .
Harry Wallis Kew ( 1868 - 1948 ) was an amateur English zoologist .
Jean - Baptiste Madou ( 3 February 1796 -- 31 March 1877 ) , was a Belgian painter and lithographer .
Paulus Traudenius ( born Gouda , died 9 July 1643 , Batavia , Dutch East Indies ) was the Dutch Governor of Formosa from 1640 to 1643 .
Henry Fitz - Ailwin de Londonestone ( ca . 1135 -- 19 September 1212 ) was the first Mayor of London ( later known as Lord Mayor of London from 1347 and then Lord Mayor of the City of London from 2006 ) .
Battista Antonelli ( or Bautista ) ( 1547 - -1616 ) was a military engineer from a prestigious Italian family of military engineers in the service of the Habsburg monarchs of Austria and Spain .
Auguste Jean François Grenier ( 22 September 1814 , Andelys - 13 July 1890 , Bagnères ) was a French doctor and entomologist .
Reham Al - Farra of Jordan was 29 years old when she died along with other United Nations staff members in the terrorist Canal Hotel bombing of the UN Headquarters in Baghdad , Iraq on 19 August 2003 .
Gernot Zippe PhD ( November 1917 -- 7 May 2008 ) was an Austrian - German mechanical engineer who is widely credited with leading the team which developed the Zippe - type centrifuge , a centrifuge machine for the collection of Uranium-235 .
Father Pablo Gazzarri was an ordained priest who worked in the Parish of Nuestra Señora del Carmen de Villa Urquiza ( Buenos Aires ) who was abducted on November 27 , 1976 ; being the fifth anniversary of his ordination .
Tito Azzolini ( Bologna , June , 1837-December 8 , 1907 ) was an Italian architect , active mostly in or near Bologna .
Sir John Colleton , 1st Baronet ( 1608 - -1666 ) served Charles I during the English Civil War .
Adelle August ( 12 February 1934 -- 24 April 2005 ) , born Adele M. Slaybough , was an American movie actress .
Axel Hamberg ( 1863 - -1933 ) was a Swedish mineralogist , geographer , explorer and professor in geography at the University of Uppsala 1907 - 1928 .
Stéphanie Caroline Anne Syms , Lady Edward FitzGerald ( c. 1773 -- 9 November 1831 ) was the wife of Lord Edward FitzGerald , the radical revolutionary and leading United Irishman , and was herself an enthusiastic supporter of Irish independence , scarcely less celebrated at the time than Lord Edward himself .
Phineas Lyman ( 1716 - -1774 ) was a colonial American soldier known for his service in the provincial British army of the French and Indian War .
Marjorie Muir Worthington ( 1900- February 17 , 1976 ) was an American author of novels and short stories .
Francis M. Nickell ( 1843 - -1913 ) was a contractor , a builder and a member of the Los Angeles City Council in the 1890s .
Sallie - Anne Huckstepp ( 12 December 1954 -- 6 February 1986 ) was an Australian prostitute and heroin addict who became a writer and whistleblower .
Ted Esposito ( 23 May 1908 - 1 May 1985 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edward Stuart Cardinal Dyke ( 24 August 1872 -- 21 January 1915 ) was a prominent naturalist , photographer , and botanical explorer in South Africa during the late 19th to early 20th century .
Ralph Howard , 1st Viscount Wicklow PC ( I ) ( 1726 -- 26 June 1786 ) was an Irish politician and nobleman .
At the Synod of Whitby in 664 , Alhfrith was the chief supporter of Wilfrid .
William Duff , 1st Earl Fife ( 1696 -- 30 September 1763 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
James Alexander , 4th Earl of Caledon KP , DL ( 11 July 1846 -- 27 April 1898 ) was a soldier and politician and the son of James Du Pre Alexander , 3rd Earl of Caledon and Lady Jane Grimston , styled Viscount Alexander until 1855 .
Karolina Kózka ( 2 August 1898 -- 18 November 1914 ) was a Polish teenager who has been beatified as a virgin - martyr by the Roman Catholic Church .
Charles Pelham Villiers ( 3 January 1802 -- 16 January 1898 ) was a British lawyer and politician from the Villiers family who sat in the House of Commons from 1835 to 1898 , making him the longest - serving Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
William Burnes or William Burness ( 11 November 1721 -- 13 February 1784 ) , the father of Robert Burns the poet , was born at either Upper Kinmonth or Clochnahill Farm , Dunnottar , Kincardineshire , and trained as a gardener at Inverugie Castle , Aberdeenshire , before moving to Ayrshire and becomimg a tenant farmer .
Maud of Lancaster , Countess of Ulster ( c. 1310 -- 5 May 1377 ) was an English noblewoman and the wife of William Donn de Burgh , 3rd Earl of Ulster .
Peter Safar ( 12 April 1924 -- 2 August 2003 ) was an Austrian physician of Czech descent .
William Vasey Houghton MLC ( 3 January 1921 - -11 January 2001 ) , better known as Vasey Houghton , was an Australian politician , grazier , and conservationist .
Beatrice Gubbins ( 1878 - -1944 ) was an Irish artist in watercolour .
William Jack Grisman ( 30 August 1914 -- 6 April 1944 ) , known as Jack , was a British Vickers Wellington bomber crew member who was taken prisoner during the Second World War .
Sid Colin ( 1920 -- 1989 ) was an English screenwriter , working for both television and the cinema .
Rev Dr David Welsh DD FRSE ( 11 December 1793 -- 24 April 1845 ) was a Scottish divine and academic .
Sir John Hannah Gordon ( 26 July 1850 -- 23 December 1923 ) was a Scottish - Australian politician and judge .
Sirima ( 14 February 1964 - 7 December 1989 ) was a singer who sang in English .
Harikesanallur Muthiah Bhagavatar ( 15 November 1877 -- 30 June 1945 ) , commonly known as Muthiah Bhagavatar , is one of Carnatic classical music 's famous twentieth - century composers .
Philip Gray ( 1821 -- 28 February 1857 ) was an Irish republican , revolutionary and a member of the Irish Confederation .
Carl Johan Adlercreutz ( 27 April 1757 -- 21 August 1815 ) was a Swedish general and statesman , born in Borgå , Finland on family estates .
Patrick Lindsay , 6th Lord Lindsay of the Byres , ( 1521 - -1589 ) , Scottish courtier and Confederate lord .
Cecilia Glaisher ( 20 April 1828 -- 28 December 1892 ) was an English amateur photographer , artist , illustrator and print - maker , working in the 1850s world of Victorian science and natural history .
Johanna Klink died on either 19 or 20 February 2015 , at age 112 years and 33 or 34 days .
Ivor Spencer , MBE ( 20 November 1924 -- 10 January 2009 ) was the founder of the Ivor Spencer International School for Butlers and the Professional School for Toastmasters .
Fred Lind died on 28 February 1976 , aged 71 at Bateau Bay , New South Wales .
Robert Carleton Smith ( b. 19 Feb 1908 ; d. 28 March 1984 Centre Island , New York ) Smith was the director of the National Arts Foundation and organized the International Awards Foundation to establish awards in fields not covered by the Nobel Prize .
Šimun Kožičić Benja ( born ca . 1460 in Zadar , died 1536 in Zadar ) was a Croatian nobleman , the bishop of Modruš and the founder of the Glagolitic printing house in Rijeka .
Jacob Marschak ( 23 July 1898 -- 27 July 1977 ) was a Ukrainian - American economist , known as `` the Father of Econometrics '' .
Rob Foster ( 25 March 1947 -- 12 March 2014 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
( Walter ) Trevelyan Thomson ( 30 April 1875 -- 8 February 1928 ) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament , iron and steel merchant and soldier .
Johnny Wardle ( 8 January 1923 -- 23 July 1985 ) was an English spin bowler of post - war cricket .
Hubert Stanley Middleton ( 11 May 1890 - -13 August 1959 ) was a cathedral organist , who served at Truro Cathedral and Ely Cathedral before an appointment to Trinity College , Cambridge .
Korbinian Brodmann ( 17 November 1868 -- 22 August 1918 ) was a German neurologist who became famous for his definition of the cerebral cortex into 52 distinct regions from their cytoarchitectonic ( histological ) characteristics , known as Brodmann areas .
Awaji Nichiken ( 淡路日賢 , 1243 - -1338 ) was a disciple of Nichiren who studied under Nichigen and founded Honjoji ( 本成寺 ) in Sanjō , Niigata in 1309 .
Alfred Vanderpol ( 7 April 1854 -- 17 June 1915 ) was a French engineer , philanthropist and author who was one of the leaders of the pacifist movement in France in the years leading up to World War I ( 1914 - -18 ) .
Otto van Rees ( 4 January 1823 -- 10 March 1892 ) was a liberal 19th century Dutch politician and colonial governor of the Dutch East Indies .
Gerhard I of Metz ( c. 875 -- 22 Jun 910 ) was count of Metz .
Dr Lonnie D. Kliever ( 1932 - -2004 ) was chair of the Department of Religious Studies at the Southern Methodist University ( SMU ) .
Dominic Barberi ( 22 June 1792 - 27 August 1849 ) was an Italian theologian and a member of the Passionist Congregation .
Charles Muzzicato ( March 1 , 1901 -- December 1968 ) was an American physician and politician from New York .
Domenico Tardini ( 29 February 1888 -- 30 July 1961 ) was a longtime aide to Pope Pius XII in the Secretariat of State .
Sir Hugh Willoughby of Risley , Derbyshire ( died 1554 ) was an early English Arctic voyager .
Dr Arthur Melville Clark FRSE PhD DLit ( 1895 - 1990 ) was a Scottish educationalist and author of several academic books concerning English literature and poetry .
Cornelius Coolidge ( August 30 , 1778 - September 4 , 1843 ) was a real estate developer in early 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts , who constructed buildings in Boston 's Beacon Hill neighborhood , and elsewhere .
Henry Hele M.D. ( 1688/9 - 1778 ) was an English physician , who became a substantial landowner in Wiltshire and Somerset .
James Pitot ( 1761 - -1831 ) , also known as Jacques Pitot , was the third Mayor of New Orleans , after Cavalier Petit served for a ten - day interim following Mayor Boré 's resignation .
Fray Diego Maroto ( 7/5/1618 Camarena , Toledo ( Spain)--1696 ) was the most important Peruvian architect of the second half of the 17th century .
Jerzy Radziwiłł ( Lithuanian : Jurgis Radvila ) ( 1480 - -1541 ) was a Polish--
Daniel Heinsius ( or Heins ) ( 9 June 1580 -- 25 February 1655 ) was one of the most famous scholars of the Dutch Renaissance .
Ove Bjelke ( 26 October 1611 -- 29 March 1674 ) was a Norwegian nobleman and statesman .
Guillaume - François Debure ( 1731 - -1782 ) was a French printer .
Mabelle Gilman Corey ( 1882/?1874 - March 1966 ) was an American stage actress and Broadway beauty at the close of the nineteenth century and beginning of the twentieth century .
Arthur Searcy ( born 6 January 1852 near Mount Barker , South Australia ; died 9 December 1935 in Harrow Road , St Peters , South Australia ) was President of the Public Service , Deputy Commissioner of Taxes and Stamps and President of the Marine Board in South Australia .
Sir Edward Atholl Oakeley , 7th Baronet of Shrewsbury ( 31 May 1900 -- January 1987 ) , known under the ring name Atholl Oakeley was a British professional wrestler and wrestling promoter who was one of the pioneers of professional wrestling in the United Kingdom .
Hermann Dörnemann ( 27 May 1893 -- 2 March 2005 ) of Germany was hailed in the press as the oldest living man in the world upon the death of 113-year - old American Fred Hale on 19 November 2004 .
Ali Hassan al - Jaber ( 12 December 1955 -- 12 March 2011 ) was a Qatari national working as a camera operator for the TV channel Al Jazeera .
Nigel Randell Evans ( often credited simply as Nigel Evans ) ( born 1943 - 2014 ) was a British author , campaigner for people with disabilities and film maker , with over 40 social documentaries to his credit , including Walter the feature film screened on the inaugural night of the UK 's Channel 4 .
Benjamin Ingelow ( 1834/35 - -1925 ) was an English architect who practised from an office in London .
August Spennemann ( c. 1878 -- 1945 ) was a German amateur ornithologist who lived in Java for 25 years ( 1915 - -1940 ) .
Jean Théodore Delacour ( 26 September 1890 -- 5 November 1985 ) was an American ornithologist of French origin .
Samson Lennard ( died 1633 ) was an English genealogist , officer of arms , and translator .
Agnes of Eltham ( 1498 - -1530 ) was an English woman , allegedly the illegitimate daughter of Princess Bridget of York .
Sir Christopher William Codrington ( 12 March 1805 -- 24 June 1864 ) , of Dodington , Gloucestershire , was a British MP for East Gloucestershire between 7 August 1834 and 24 June 1864 and a landowner in Gloucestershire .
Paul Blobel ( 13 August 1894 -- 7 June 1951 ) was a German SS - Standartenführer ( Colonel ) and a member of the SD .
On 14 April 1686 while Mar Thoma II was at Niranam church , there was thunderstorm .
Elisabeth of Anhalt - Zerbst ( 15 September 1563 -- 8 November 1607 ) was a princess of Anhalt by birth and Electress of Brandenburg by marriage .
William E. Naff ( 1929 - -2005 ) was an American scholar of Japanese language and literature .
Adolf Werthner ( 18 July 1828 -- 26 January 1906 ) was the founder of the Neue Freie Presse newspaper and president of the Österreichische Journal - Aktiengesellschaft .
Ong Poh Lim ( Chinese : 王保林 ; pinyin : Wáng Bǎolín ; 18 November 1922 -- 17 April 2003 ) was a Malayan / Singaporean badminton player who won numerous national and international titles from the late 1940s to the early 1960s .
Cao Jun ( died 259 ) , courtesy name Zi'an , was a prince in the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period .
John Wisker ( 30 May 1846 in Kingston upon Hull , England -- 18 January 1884 in Richmond , Victoria ) was an English chess player and journalist .
Frank O. Hellstrom ( June 24 , 1866 -- 1931 ) was the Democratic contender for Governor of North Dakota in 1913 but was defeated by the Republican candidate .
Robert de Ferrers , 2nd Baron Ferrers of Chartley ( Chartley , Staffordshire , 25 March 1309 -- 28 August 1350 ) , was the son of John de Ferrers , 1st Baron Ferrers of Chartley and Hawise de Muscegros , a daughter of Robert de Muscegros .
Chen Jiongming ( Chinese : 陳炯明 ; Cantonese : Chàhn Gwíng - mìhng ; 13 January 1878 -- 22 September 1933 ) was a revolutionary figure in the early periods of the Republic of China .
Lodovico Bellanda ( c. 1575 -- after 1613 ) was an Italian composer and organist who lived in the transition period between the Renaissance and Baroque eras .
William Dell ( c. 1607 - -1669 ) was an English clergyman , Master of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge from 1649 to 1660 , and prominent radical Parliamentarian .
Margaret Windeyer ( 24 November 1866 -- 11 August 1939 ) was an Australian librarian and feminist .
Carl Paivio , born Karl Einar Päiviö , 23 November 1893 in Töysä , died April 1952 in Ellis Island , New York , was a Finnish American labor activist and anarchist .
Alfred Cowles III ( 15 September 1891 -- 28 December 1984 ) was an American economist , businessman and founder of the Cowles Commission .
Philip Wenman , 7th Viscount Wenman ( 18 April 1742 -- 26 March 1800 ) , styled The Honourable Philip Wenman until 1760 , was a British landowner and politician .
Albert Abrams ( 1863 - -1924 ) was an American doctor , well known during his life for inventing machines which he claimed could diagnose and cure almost any disease .
Rudolf Rominger ( 21 August 1908 -- 8 November 1979 ) was a Swiss former alpine skier .
Fernando Sánchez de Tovar or Fernán Sánchez de Tovar , 1st Lord of Belves ( died 1384 ) was a significant Castilian soldier and Admiral of the Middle Ages .
Dmitry Dmitrievich Maksutov ( Russian : Дми́трий Дми́триевич Максу́тов ) ( 23 April ( O.S. 11 April ) 1896 - 12 August 1964 ) was a Russian / Soviet optical engineer and amateur astronomer .
He Pingping ( Chinese : 何平平 ; pinyin : Hé Píngpíng ; 13 July 1988 -- 13 March 2010 ) was a Chinese citizen and , according to the Guinness World Records , one time world 's shortest mobile man .
Sir Charles Gibson Connell WS FRSE LLD FRZSS ( 1899 - 1986 ) was a Scottish advocate and ornithologist .
Rajko Perušek ( 7 January 1854 -- 25 February 1917 ) was a Slovene writer , translator , linguist and bibliographer .
Isak Martinius Skaugen ( 17 August 1875 -- 26 December 1962 ) , was a Norwegian businessperson .
Özdemir Pasha ( died 1561 , Sana ) was a Circassian Mamluk general for the Ottoman Empire .
Pope Adeodatus I ( died 8 November 618 ) , also called Deodatus I or Deusdedit , was Pope from 19 October 615 to his death in 618 .
Sri Balagangadharanatha Swamiji ( 18 January 1945 - 13 January 2013 ) was an Indian religious leader who was the seer of Adichunchanagiri , Nagamangala Taluk , Mandya district .
Anna - Liisa Linkola ( née Korhonen , 10 August 1914 Pielisjärvi -- 3 August 1999 Kotka ) was a Finnish politician .
Judah Hurwitz ( Yehuda ben Mordechai HaLevi Hurwitz or Horowitz ) ( 1734 - 1797 ) ( Hebrew : יהודא בן מרדכי הלוי הורוויץ‎ ) was a Jewish physician and author living in Amsterdam , Netherlands in the 18th century .
Rudolf of Mecklenburg - Stargard ( died 1415 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop of Skara ( Sweden ) and Schwerin .
Hamilton Lanphere Smith ( November 5 , 1819 -- 1903 ) was an American scientist , photographer , and astronomer .
Joseph Idlout ( ? - 2 June 1968 ) is an Inuit featured on the former Canadian two - dollar bill .
Ralph Bass ( 1 May 1911 -- 5 March 1997 ) , born Ralph Basso , Jr. , was an American rhythm and blues record producer and talent scout for several independent labels .
Billy Gladstone ( December 15 , 1893 -- October 1961 ) , born William Goldstein , was a Romanian - born New York drummer , percussionist , drum builder , inventor , and drum teacher who performed in New York theaters , including the Capitol Theatre and most famously Radio City Music Hall in the 1930s and 1940s .
Julius Caesar Ibbetson ( 29 December 1759 -- 13 October 1817 ) was a British 18th - century landscape and watercolour painter .
Henry Alan Marsh AFC AFRAeS ( 29 January 1901 - -13 June 1950 ) was a British rotorcraft instructor and test pilot .
William Harper Twelvetrees ( 1848 -- 7 November 1919 ) was an English geologist who was important for the characterisation of the geology of Tasmania .
Jin Youzhi ( 17 August 1918 -- 10 April 2015 ) , born Aisin - Gioro Puren , was the nominal head of the Aisin - Gioro clan , the imperial clan of the Manchu - led Qing dynasty , from 1994 until his death in 2015 .
Thomas Rowe Price , Jr. ( born 1898 in Linwood , Maryland ; died 1983 ) was the founder of T. Rowe Price .
Gervase Spencer ( c.1715 - -1763 ) , was an English miniaturist .
Martin Barbarič ( 14 October 1970 -- 18 January 2013 ) was a Czech football player who is best known as key striker at club Slovan Liberec in the late 1990s .
Sir James Rivett - Carnac , 1st Baronet ( 11 November 1784 -- 28 January 1846 ) was the governor of the Bombay Presidency of British India from 1839 to 1842 .
Mary Greyeyes - Reid ( 1920 -- 2011 ) was the first woman of the First Nations to join the Canadian Women 's Army Corps .
Miklós Tótfalusi Kis ( Hungarian : Misztótfalusi Kis Miklós ) ( 1650 - March 20 , 1702 ) was a Hungarian letter cutter , typeface designer , typographer and printer .
René Richard ( 1 December 1895 -- 31 March 1982 ) was Swiss - born Canadian painter known for his semi - abstract landscapes of the Canadian wilderness and of the country around Baie - Saint - Paul in Quebec .
Brita Scheel or Birgitte Skeel , ( 1638 - -1699 ) , was a Danish noblewoman .
Pál Lukács ( Hungarian : Lukács Pál ; 27 April 1919 in Budapest -- 22 May 1981 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian viola virtuoso , concert and recording artist , and music educator .
Thomas Henry Lister ( 1800 -- 5 June 1842 ) was an English novelist and Registrar General .
Gulielma Lister ( 28 October 1860 -- 18 May 1949 ) was a British botanist and mycologist , and was considered an international authority on Mycetozoa .
Fath - Ali Shah Qajar ( Persian : فتح‌على شاه قاجار‎‎ ; var . Fathalishah , Fathali Shah , Fath Ali Shah ; 5 September 1772 -- 23 October 1834 ) was the second Qajar king ( shah ) of Persia .
Kapitänleutnant ( Lieutenant - Commander ) Wilhelm Kleinschmidt ( 1907?-- 4 October 1941 ) was captain of U-111 during World War II . U-111 was sunk on 4 October 1941 by HMS Lady Shirley , a Royal Navy anti - submarine trawler .
Lieutenant General Deon Ferreira PVD SD SM MMM ( died 2002 ) was a South African Army officer .
Alvin M. Strauss ( 1895 -- 1958 ) was an Indiana architect and designer of many landmark buildings in Indiana and Ohio during the early twentieth century .
C.S. Gangadharan ( 7 October 1927 - 8 April 2007 ) was an Indian freedom fighter , former MLA and State president of the Kerala Freedom Fighters Association .
George Bassett ( 1818 - -1886 ) was the founder of a confectionery firm in Sheffield in 1842 .
Marcus Annaeus Seneca , known as Seneca the Elder and Seneca the Rhetorician ( /ˈsɛnɪkə/ ; 54 BC -- c. 39 AD ) , was a Roman rhetorician and writer , born of a wealthy equestrian family of Cordoba , Hispania .
Theodor Baierl ( 8 November 1881 , Munich - 1932 , Munich ) was a German painter and fresco artist .
Asbjørn Engen ( 1917/1918 -- 17 October 1985 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and organizational leader .
Zhang Yanghao ( simplified Chinese : 张养浩 ; traditional Chinese : 張養浩 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yǎnghào ; 1270 - -1329 ) , courtesy name Ximeng , was a writer from Shandong who lived during the Yuan Dynasty and authored prose , poems , as well as songs .
Alfredo Campoli ( 20 October 1906 -- 27 March 1991 ) was an Italian - born British violinist , often known simply as Campoli .
Burton Allen Holder ( born between January 16 and March 16 , 1843 -- 1920 ) , a member of the Chickasaw tribe of Native Americans , gained fame as a soldier in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Ewald Riebschläger ( 24 October 1904 -- 29 October 1993 ) was a German diver who won two gold , one silver and two bronze medals at the European championships of 1927 - -1934 .
Prem Ram Dubey ( 23 October 1933 -- 17 September 2012 ) is better known as the founding father of the Kosal State Movement ( or the Separate Kosal Movement ) .
Tritantaechmes ( Elamite : Ṣi - iš - šá - an - tak - ma , Babylonian : Ši - it - ra - an - taḫ - ma ) was king of Sagartians who ruled in Arbela ( 521 BCE ) .
Niilo Koljonen ( 1927 - -2004 ) was a Finnish social scientist .
Franciszek Gągor ( 8 September 1951 -- 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish general , Chief of the General Staff of the Polish Armed Forces between 2006 and 2010 .
Edward Gardner Lewis ( 1869 - -1950 ) was a flamboyant and controversial promoter , magazine publisher , political activist , and founder of two utopian colonies --
Hun Neang ( Khmer : ហ៊ុន នាង ; 27 August 1923 -- 12 July 2013 ) was the father of Cambodia 's Prime Minister , Hun Sen. A devout Buddhist , various schools throughout the country are named in honour after him .
Heloise Brainerd ( 30 April 1881 - 16 February 1969 ) was an American activist and a proponent of Latin American women 's participation in the peace movement .
Catherine Impey ( 1847 -- 14 December 1923 ) was a British Quaker activist against racial discrimination .
Saint Colmán Elo ( 555 -- 26 September 611 ) was born in Glenelly , Ireland in what is now County Tyrone .
James Rolston Lonsdale ( 31 May 1865 -- 23 May 1921 ) was Unionist Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Mid Armagh from January 1918 until his death .
Yuan Jiahua ( simplified Chinese : 袁家骅 ; traditional Chinese : 袁家驊 ; pinyin : Yuán Jiāhuá ; January 1903 -- 4 September 1980 ) was a Chinese linguist and dialectologist from Zhangjiagang , Jiangsu province .
English sculptor Sydney March ( 1876 - -1968 ) was a prolific artist , whose primary focus was portrait busts and other sculptures of British royalty and contemporary figures , as well as war memorials .
Joseph Jackson Howard , LL.D. , FSA ( 12 April 1827 -- 18 April 1902 ) was an English genealogist who was Maltravers Herald of Arms Extraordinary 1887 - 1902 .
Heinrich Lautensack ( 1522 - 1590 ) was a German painter and goldsmith .
Esther Vilenska ( Hebrew : אסתר וילנסקה‎‎ 8 June 1918 -- 8 November 1975 ) was an Israeli communist politician , journalist and author who served as a member of the Knesset for Maki between 1951 and 1959 and then again from 1961 to 1965 .
Henry Nxumalo ( 1917 -- 31 December 1957 ) , also known as Henry `` Mr Drum '' Nxumalo , was a pioneering South African investigative journalist under apartheid .
Eli M. Pearce ( May 1 , 1929 -- May 18 , 2015 ) was research professor at New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering and a past - president of the American Chemical Society .
Captain Timothy Arthur Forster , OBE ( 27 February 1934 -- 21 April 1999 ) commonly known as Tim Forster , was a racehorse trainer and previously an amateur jockey .
Esteban Reyes González ( 22 July 1913 -- 19 March 2014 ) also known as Pajarito ( little bird ) was Mexican tennis player who represented his country during the 1935 International Lawn Tennis Challenge ( nowadays known as the Davis Cup ) and won a silver medal during the 1935 Central American and Caribbean Games .
Edmund John Glyn Hooper ( July 7 , 1818 -- October 5 , 1889 ) was a Canadian businessman and political figure .
Jan Kefer ( b. Nový Bydžov , 31 January 1906 -- d. Flossenbürg , 3 December 1941 ) was a Czech astrologer , hermeticist and publicist in the age between the two World Wars .
Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami Maharaja ( Bhaktiprajñāna Keśava ) ( 9 February 1898 -- 6 October 1968 ) Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami Maharaja was a disciple of Bhaktisiddhanta Saraswati Thakura Prabhupada and the founder of the religious organization Sri Gaudiya Vedanta Samiti , formed in Calcutta in 1940 .
John Carey , 2nd Earl of Dover ( 1608 -- 26 May 1677 ) , styled Viscount Rochford from 1628 to 1666 , was an English peer .
Princess Pauline of Orange - Nassau ( Wilhelmina Frederika Louise Pauline Charlotte ; 1 March 1800 - 22 December 1806 ) was a Princess of the House of Orange - Nassau .
Leo Mielziner ( 8 December 1869 to 11 August 1935 ) was a noted portrait artist , and the son of Dr. Moses Mielziner , Rabbi , and Rosette Mielziner .
William Trewartha Bray , known as Billy Bray , ( 1 June 1794 -- 25 May 1868 ) was an unconventional Cornish preacher .
Pierre - Alexandre Aveline ( 1702 - -1760 ) was a French engraver , portraitist , illustrator , and printmaker .
Matoonas ( ? - died 1676 in Boston ) was a sachem of the Nipmuc Indians in the middle of 17th century .
Samuel Sheinbein ( 25 July 1980 -- 23 February 2014 ) was an American - Israeli convicted murderer .
Colonel Peter Hawker ( 24 November 1786 -- 7 August 1853 ) was a celebrated diarist , author and sportsman accounted one of the `` Great Shots '' of the 19th Century .
Fung Yue , Fung Joe Guey , or Feng Ru ( simplified Chinese : 冯如 ; traditional Chinese : 馮如 ; pinyin : Féng Rú ; 1883 - -1912 ) , was a pioneering Chinese aviator from Enping , Guangdong province .
Huoching of Alamannia ( ca . 675 - 744 ) was an Alamannic nobleman .
Gerald Burke ( 2 December 1930 -- 24 June 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
Sir John Preston , Lord Fentonbarns ( died 1616 ) , of Penicuik , was a Scottish lawyer and judge who became lord president of the court of session .
Pratima Barua Pandey ( Assamese : প্ৰতিমা বৰুৱা পাণ্ডে ) ( Bengali : প্ৰতিমা বড়ুয়া পাণ্ডে ) ( 3 October 1934 -- 27 December 2002 ) was a popular folk singer from the royal family of Gauripur in Western Assam 's Dhubri district .
Marcel Mouchel ( 13 February 1927 in Équeurdreville - Hainneville ( Manche ) -- 7 March 2012 ) was a French footballer and manager .
Muhammad ash - Shawkani ( 1759 - -1839 ) was a Yemeni scholar of Islam , jurist and reformer .
Ismet Jashari , also known as Komandant Kumanova was an Albanian member of the UCK movement who was killed on 25 August 1998 in Klecke Kosovo .
Te Aue Takotoroa Davis OBE ( 1 September 1925 -- 28 November 2010 ) was a key figure in the Māori renaissance in the field of weaving .
Walter Raleigh Willock Gilbert , known as Raleigh Gilbert ( 28 February 1936 -- c. February 1998 ) was a British horse racing commentator active for 40 years .
Selmar Schonland ( 15 August 1860 -- 22 April 1940 ) , the founder of the Botany Department at Rhodes University , was a German immigrant , who came to the Eastern part of the Cape Colony in 1889 to take up an appointment as curator of the Albany Museum .
Francesco Sassetti ( 9 March 1421 -- April 1490 ) was an Italian banker .
George Colliflower ( May 2 , 1886 -- January 1980 ) was the head basketball coach at George Washington University from 1915 to 1917 .
Sir Benjamin Collins Brodie , 2nd Baronet FRS ( 5 February 1817 -- 24 November 1880 ) was an English chemist .
John Dunlop Southern ( 5 November 1899 -- 7 February 1972 ) was a Royal Navy officer and cricketer who played first - class cricket for Derbyshire in occasional games between 1919 and 1934 .
Catherine Talbot ( May 1721 -- 9 January 1770 ) was an English author and member of the Blue Stockings Society .
William Weddell ( 13 May 1736 -- 30 April 1792 ) was a British landowner and politician .
Michele Cachia ( 30 September 1760 -- 24 January 1839 ) was a Maltese architect and military engineer .
Traian Bratu ( October 25 , 1875 - -July 21 , 1940 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian scholar of German language and literature .
Abigail Scott Duniway ( October 22 , 1834 -- October 11 , 1915 ) was an American women 's rights advocate , newspaper editor and writer , whose efforts were instrumental in gaining voting rights for women .
James Fraser Forbes ( 1820 - 18 May 1887 ) was a Canadian politician and a member of the Canadian House of Commons for the riding of Queens in Nova Scotia .
Betty Careless or Betsy Careless ( c.1704 - -1739 ) was a notorious prostitute and later bagnio - owner in 18th - century London .
Hung Hei - gun or Hong Xiguan ( 1745 - -1825 ) was a Chinese martial artist who lived in the Qing dynasty .
Lieutenant Muhammed Sharif al - Faruqi ( 1891 - 1920 ) was an Arab Ottoman staff officer from Mosul .
Leon Birnbaum ( 1918 - -2010 ) was a Romanian mathematician and philosopher .
Frederick David Schaeffer ( born in Frankfurt am Main , 15 November 1760 ; died in Frederick , Maryland , 27 January 1836 ) was a German - American Lutheran clergyman .
Sieur Louis Coulon de Villiers ( 17 August 1710 -- 2 November 1757 ) was a French Canadian military officer during the French and Indian War ( Seven Years ' War ) .
James William Massie ( 11 November 1799 -- 8 May 1869 ) was an Irish minister and missionary to India .
Jean - Claude Forest ( 11 September 1930 -- 29 December 1998 ) was a writer and illustrator of comics and the creator of character Barbarella .
Jean de Bonmarché ( ca . 1525 - -September 1570 ) was a composer of the Franco - Flemish school .
Franco Ballerini ( 11 December 1964 -- 7 February 2010 ) was an Italian road racing cyclist .
Anderson Crenshaw ( 1783 - -1847 ) was an American jurist in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Ernest Hamilton Sharp , OBE , KC ( 1861 -- 9 February 1922 ) was a barrister in Hong Kong .
Sir William Borthwick , 3rd Lord Borthwick ( died 20 May 1503 ) was a Scottish nobleman , ambassador , and Master of the King 's Household in 1485 .
Rosemary Howard - Jones , known as Ray Howard - Jones ( 30 May 1903 -- 25 June 1996 ) , was a prolific English painter best known for her impressionistic seascapes and paintings of the coastline of Wales , particularly of the areas around Skomer and Marloes .
Sir James Hamlyn , 1st Baronet ( 1735 - 1811 ) ( born James Hammet ) of Clovelly Court in Devon , and of Edwinsford , Carmarthenshire , Wales , was Member of Parliament for Carmarthen 1793 - 1802 .
Leonard Jacques Stein OBE ( 12 December 1887 - 23 April 1973 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician , writer , barrister and President of the Anglo - Jewish Association .
Lieut - Col Sir William Kerr Fraser - Tytler KBE CMG MC ( 26 December 1886 - 23 August 1963 ) was a British soldier and diplomat .
William Douglas , 10th Earl of Angus ( 1552 -- 3 March 1611 ) was the son of William , the 9th Earl ( 1533 - -1591 ) .
Benjamin Vandergucht or Van der Gucht ( 1753 - -1794 ) was a picture - dealer , restorer and painter .
Sir Gawaine Baillie , 7th Baronet ( 8 March 1934 -- 21 December 2003 ) was an amateur motor racing driver , engineer , industrialist , stamp collector , and the owner of the estate surrounding Leeds Castle , the ancient fortress in Kent .
Major Felten , also `` Felton '' ( March 19 , 1904 -- November 1975 ) was an American visual artist and illustrator , active in the 1930s-1950s .
Chan Yik Yan 陳亦人 ( Chen Yi Ren ) 1909 - 1982 was a disciple of Liuhebafa Master Wu Yi Hui .
Moritz Fuerst ( March 1782 -- 1840 ) was an American artist of Jewish - Slovak origin .
Denise Marshall OBE ( 12 December 1961 -- 21 August 2015 ) was a British feminist and lesbian campaigner and charity executive involved in campaigning against and helping victims of domestic violence , sex trafficking and homophobia .
Mameshbirde ( Mari : Мамич Бердей , Tatar : Mämeşbirde/ Мәмешбирде , Mamışbirde/ Мамышбирде , Russian : Мамич-Берде́й ) ( died 1556 ) was a rebel commander during Kazan War for the independence of Kazan Khanate in 1552 - 1556 .
Ambroz Haračić ( born Mali Lošinj , 5 December 1855 , died Mali Lošinj , 1 October 1916 ) , was a Croatian botanist .
Kostas Andritsos , also known as George Andrews ( Greek : Κώστας Ανδρίτσος ; May 1 , 1916 , Athens -- October 10 , 1993 ) , was a Greek film director and writer .
Marudur Gopala Chakrapani ( 13 January 1911 -- 17 August 1986 ) , commonly known as M. G. Chakrapani or Yettan ( `` elder brother '' in Malayalam ) , was an Indian actor based in the Tamil film industry .
Willy Fritsch ( 27 January 1901 -- 13 July 1973 ) was a German theater and film actor , a popular leading man and character actor from the silent - film era to the early 1960s .
Edward Angelo Goodall ( 8 June 1819 -- 16 April 1908 ) was an English landscape and orientalist painter , a member of the distinguished Goodall family of artists .
Agnes Tyrrell ( 20 September 1846 -- 18 April 1883 ) was a Czech - born pianist and composer .
Sir William Edward Briggs Priestley ( 12 April 1859 -- 25 March 1932 ) was a Liberal politician from the West Riding of Yorkshire .
Olav Jakobsen Høyem ( 1830 - 1899 ) was a Norwegian teacher , telegrapher , supervisor of banknote printing and linguist .
Hugh Cholmondeley , 3rd Baron Delamere KCMG ( 28 April 1870 -- 13 November 1931 ) , styled The Honourable from birth until 1887 , was a British peer .
John Brandard ( Birmingham 1812 -- 15 December 1863 London ) was an English lithographic artist .
Dimitrios Ioannidis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Ιωαννίδης ( ðimiˈtros ʝoaˈniðis ) , 13 March 1923 -- 16 August 2010 ) , also known as Dimitris Ioannidis , was a Greek military officer and one of the leading figures in the Greek military junta of 1967 - -1974 .
Lloyd Zucker ( 23 March 1929 -- 21 September 2009 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian National Football League during the 1950s .
Antoine Barthélemy Jean Guillemot ( 11 November 1822 , Thiers −25 August 1902 , Thiers ) was a French entomologist .
Edward Irving ( 4 August 1792 -- 7 December 1834 ) was a Scottish clergyman , generally regarded as the main figure behind the foundation of the Catholic Apostolic Church .
Thomas St. Lawrence , also called Thomas Howth ( c.1480 - 1553 ) was a leading statesman and judge in sixteenth - century Ireland .
Robert Hyland , Jr. ( 1920 - -1992 ) was CBS regional vice president and general manager of radio station KMOX in St. Louis , Missouri for four decades .
Willibald Peter Prasthofer ( 17 May 1917 - 30 July 1993 ) was an Austrian rocket scientist and educator .
Marco Facoli ( c. 1540 - 1585 ) , Venice , was an Italian organist , harpsichordist and composer .
George Robert Jebb ( 1838 - -1927 ) was a civil engineer from the United Kingdom .
Velma Wallace Rayness ( 1896 - -1977 ) was an American artist , author , and instructor who lived in Iowa .
Philippe de Cabassole or Philippe de Cabassoles ( 1305 - -1372 ) , the Bishop of Cavaillon , Seigneur of Vaucluse , was the great protector of Renaissance poet Francesco Petrarch .
Ángel Recasens ( 4 March 1938 in Cambrils -- 2 August 2007 ) was a Catalonian organist , teacher , composer and musicologist best known as a choral conductor .
Alexander Duff , 3rd Earl Fife ( 18 April 1731 -- 17 April 1811 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Rosa Palumbo , better known by her stage name as Rosita Contreras ( March 15 , 1913 - 1962 ) , was an Argentine actress , singer and vedette .
Wei Daijia ( 韋待價 ) ( died 689 ? ) was a general and official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong .
John FitzAlan , 13th Earl of Arundel , 3rd Baron Maltravers ( 1 August 1385 -- 21 April 1421 ) was an English nobleman .
Judith Huxley ( 1926 - 17 October 1983 ) was an American food columnist for the Washington Post .
Carlo Antonio Delpini ( died 1828 ) was an Italian pantomimist and theatrical manager .
Haydar al - Kuzbari ( Arabic : حيدر الكزبري‎ , 1920 -- 1996 ) was a Syrian lieutenant colonel who took part in the 1961 Syrian coup d'état that led to the dissolution of the United Arab Republic .
Sir Samuel Cleland Davidson , KBE ( 18 November 1846 -- 18 August 1921 ) was an Irish inventor and engineer .
Aditya Vikram Birla ( 14 November 1943 -- 1 October 1995 ) , was an Indian industrialist .
Kuldeep Manak ( Punjabi : ਕੁਲਦੀਪ ਮਾਣਕ‌ ; 15 November 1951 -- 30 November 2011 ) was a noted Punjabi singer of Indian Punjab .
June Keithley - Castro ( 10 March 1947 -- 24 November 2013 ) was a Filipina actress and broadcast journalist .
Jakob Hermann ( 16 July 1678 -- 11 July 1733 ) was a mathematician who worked on problems in classical mechanics .
Han Shizhong ( 韓世忠 ) ( 1089 - -1151 ) was a Chinese general of the late Northern Song Dynasty and the early Southern Song Dynasty .
Leopold Willem Ras ( died 1847 ) was a Dutch merchant - trader and diplomat .
Olaus Islandsmoen ( 1873 in Sør - Aurdal -- 1949 ) was a Norwegian educator , museologist and politician .
John Chishull or John de Chishull ( died 1280 ) was Lord Chancellor of England , Bishop of London , and Lord High Treasurer during the 13th century .
Marie - Luise Jahn ( 28 May 1918 -- 22 June 2010 ) was a German physician and a member of the anti - Nazi resistance movement White Rose .
Sir John Keith , 1st Earl of Kintore ( died 1714 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Zhang Haoruo ( Chinese : 张皓若 ; 1932 -- 27 March 2004 ) was a politician and petroleum engineer of the People 's Republic of China .
Edmund Willard born 19 December 1884 in Brighton , Sussex , England -- died 6 October 1956 in Kingston upon Thames , England , was a British actor of the 1930s and 1940s .
Leo Rowlands ( 1891 - 1967 ) was a Franciscan Catholic priest and composer , associated with Rhode Island .
Frank Curtis ( 12 November 1890 -- 1957 ) was a Welsh footballer , who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Reading .
Edgar Williamson , Jr. ( November 24 , 1903 - April 1981 ) was an American Republican Party politician who served four terms in the New Jersey General Assembly .
Jerry Jofen ( 1925 - -1993 ) was an American painter , collagist , and experimental filmmaker .
Herbert Armitage James , CH ( 3 August 1844 -- 15 November 1931 ) was a Welsh cleric and headmaster of three leading public schools , who ended his `` remarkable scholastic career '' , as it was later described by Austen Chamberlain , by becoming President of St John 's College , Oxford .
Francis Boyle , 1st Viscount Shannon ( 1623 - -1699 ) was a Privy Counsellor of Ireland and held the office of Governor of County Cork .
Jocelyn Brooke ( 30 November 1908 -- 29 October 1966 ) was an English author born in Kent .
David Richard Porter ( 1882 - -1973 ) was a major figure in the Young Men 's Christian Association ( YMCA ) during the height of the organization 's popularity and influence on American high school and college campuses .
Richard Cowley ( died 1619 ) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre , a colleague of William Shakespeare and Richard Burbage in the Lord Chamberlain 's Men and the King 's Men .
Enrique de la Mora y Palomar ( 16 June 1907 -- 9 May 1978 ) was a Mexican architect who designed prominent university buildings and Roman Catholic churches in which he experimented with hyperbolic - paraboloid roofs .
Robert Sackville , 2nd Earl of Dorset ( 1561 - -1609 ) was an English aristocrat and politician , with humanist and commercial interests .
Kaspar Fürstenau ( 26 February 1772 , Münster -- 11 May 1819 , Oldenburg ) was a German flautist and composer .
Malik Barkat Ali ( 1886 -- 1946 ) was a Muslim Indian politician , lawyer and journalist .
Louis Isaac Jaffe ( 1888 - -1950 ) was editorial page editor of the newspaper Virginian - Pilot of Norfolk , Virginia from 1919 to 1950 .
Henry Wellesley , 1st Baron Cowley GCB ( 20 January 1773 -- 27 April 1847 ) was a British diplomat and politician .
Anthony Durand ( 1956 - -2009 ) was a Native American potter from Picuris Pueblo , New Mexico , United States .
Vladimir Constantinescu ( born 1895 , died 1965 ) was a Romanian Major - General during World War II . He began his military career as Commandant of Cavalry School in 1941 , and in 1942 became Commanding Officer 8th Rosiori Cavalry Regiment and Commandant of Cavalry School .
Bennie Le Sueur ( 22 March 1917 -- 17 August 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Henry Malden ( 1800 - -1876 ) was a prominent British academic .
William Francis de Vismes Kane ( 1840 -- 1918 ) was an Irish entomologist Born in Exmouth , Devon Kane lived at Drumreaske Housein Monaghan .
Alex Ebel ( November 14 , 1923 -- December 6 , 2013 ) was a science fiction and fantasy illustrator .
Harald Normann ( 15 February 1893 -- 18 June 1978 ) was a Norwegian military officer and non - fiction writer .
Sir Shah Muhammad Sulaiman ( 3 February 1886 -- 12 March 1941 ) ( popularly known as Sir Shah Sulaiman or Sir Sulaiman ) was the Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court from 16 March 1932 to 30 September 1937 and was the first Indian and one of the youngest ever to hold this coveted post .
Barkhad Awale Adan , also spelled Burkhat , ( 1950 ? -- 24 August 2010 ) was a Somali journalist .
Wilbur Harris ( 28 May 1912 - 28 June 1981 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir ( George ) Rodney Mundy , GCB ( 19 April 1805 -- 23 December 1884 ) was a Royal Navy officer .
Cyrille Verbrugge ( 9 November 1866 -- 1929 ) was a Belgian Olympic fencer .
Samuel Bogart ( 2 April 1797 -- 11 March 1861 ) was an itinerant Methodist minister and militia captain from Ray County , Missouri who played a prominent role in the 1838 Missouri Mormon War before later moving to Collin County , Texas , where he became a Texas Ranger and a member of the Texas State Legislature .
Nancy Price , CBE ( 3 February 1880 -- 31 March 1970 ) , was an English actress on stage and screen , author and theatre director .
Kenton Couse ( 1721 -- 10 October 1790 ) was an English architect and Secretary to the Board of Works from 1775 to 1782 .
Hermann Kinkelin ( 11 November 1832 -- 2 January 1913 ) was a Swiss mathematician and politician .
Arthur Walters Wills BA , LLB ( 1868 - 17 November 1948 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician .
Charles Masson Fox ( 9 November 1866 -- 11 October 1935 ) was a Cornish businessman who achieved international prominence in the world of chess problems and a place in the gay history of Edwardian England .
Charles Troedel ( 1835/6 Hamburg -- 1906 ) ( born Johannes Thedor Carl Troedel ) was a German - born lithographic printer prominent in Melbourne during the late 19th century .
David of Augsburg ( early 13th century -- 19 November 1272 ) was a medieval German mystic , and a Franciscan friar .
Lieutenant - General Lij Abiye Abebe , KBE , ( 1918 -- 23 November 1974 ) was an Ethiopian politician and son - in - law of Emperor Haile Selassie .
Millard Webb ( 6 December 1893 -- 21 April 1935 ) , was an American screenwriter and director .
Though Heinz List died in 1988 , he is remembered both as a pioneering engineer -- one of only 26 members of the Polymer Processing Hall of Fame at the University of Akron , Ohio , USA -- and as a business leader .
Veronica Castang ( April 22 , 1938 - -November 5 , 1988 ) was a British film , stage and television actress .
Sir Thomas Maclear ( 17 March 1794 -- 14 July 1879 ) was an Irish - born South African astronomer who became Her Majesty 's astronomer at the Cape of Good Hope .
Robert McGregor Innes Ireland ( 12 June 1930 -- 22 October 1993 ) , was a British military officer , engineer , and motor racing driver .
Arthur Hauffe ( 20 December 1892 -- 22 July 1944 ) was a German career soldier .
Thomas Savage , 3rd Earl Rivers ( c. 1628 -- 14 September 1694 ) was an English peer .
Marceli Harasimowicz ( 1859 , Warsaw - 1935 , Lwów ) was a Polish landscape painter and museum curator .
Ye Chengzhong ( simplified Chinese : 叶澄衷 ; traditional Chinese : 葉澄衷 ; pinyin : Yè Chéngzhōng 1840 - -1899 ) , was a Chinese businessman active during the final years of the Qing Dynasty and a pioneer in the hardware industry who also made considerable contributions to education .
Sir David Milne - Watson ( 10 March 1869 -- 3 October 1945 ) was a Scottish industrialist who served as managing director of the Gas Light and Coke Company between 1916 and 1945 , and president of the National Gas Council of Great Britain and Ireland from 1919 to 1943 .
Seán Ó Síocháin ( 24 March 1914 -- 2 February 1997 ) was an Irish footballer , hurler and ballad - singer who became General - Secretary of the GAA .
George S. Griggs ( 1805 - 1870 ) was a pioneer master mechanic in the earliest days of railroading in the United States .
Joseph J. Daniels ( 1826 - -1916 ) , most commonly known as J. J. Daniels , was an American bridge builder active in Indiana .
Julius Stern ( 8 August 1820 -- 27 February 1883 ) was a Jewish - German musical pedagogue and composer .
Jean Wade Rindlaub ( 9 February 1904 -- 19 December 1991 ) was one of the first American women to become a major advertising executive .
Rabbi Yom - Tov Ehrlich ( 1914 - -1990 ) was a renowned Hasidic musician , composer , lyricist , recording artist , and popular entertainer known for his popular Yiddish music albums .
John Fisher ( c. 19 October 1469 -- 22 June 1535 ) , venerated by Roman Catholics as Saint John Fisher , was an English Catholic bishop and theologian .
Birger Ljungberg ( 7 June 1884 -- 20 April 1967 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Defence 1939 - -1942 .
Matthew Wesenbeck ( Dutch : Mattheus van Wesenbeek ; French : Mathieu Wesembeke ; Latin : Matthaeus Wesenbecius ) ( 25 October 1531 -- 5 June 1586 ) was a Belgian jurist and a student of Gabriel Mudaeus .
Lauritz Weidemann ( 27 November 1775 -- 1 August 1856 ) was a Norwegian judge , civil servant and politician .
Olive Banks ( 2 July 1923 -- 14 September 2006 ) was a professor at Leicester University who worked upon the sociology of education and the history of feminism .
William Edward Love ( 1806 - -1867 ) was an English impressionist .
Henry de Maunsfeld DD ( also Henry Mansfield , Maunsfeild , Maunsfield , Maunnesfeld , Mammesfeld , or Maymysfeld ; died 1328 ) was an English medieval theologian , philosopher , churchman , college fellow , and university chancellor .
Osama Youssef Kashmoula was a Governor of Mosul killed during an attack in 2004 .
Arabella Chapman ( 1859 - -1927 ) was an African - American woman who is best remembered for being the first student to graduate from upstate New York 's Albany School for Educating People of Color , later known as Albany High School .
Sabine Zlatin ( 13 January 1907 -- 21 September 1996 ) was a Polish - born Frenchwoman who hid Jewish children during World War II .
Louis Charles Folliot de Crenneville ( 3 July 1763 -- 21 June 1840 ) joined the French royal navy in the 1770s .
Sarah Harlowe ( 1765 - -1852 ) was a popular actress of the London stage around the turn of the 19th century .
Dongshan Liangjie ( 807 - -869 ) ( Chinese : 洞山良价 ; pinyin : Dòngshān Liángjiè ; Wade -- Giles : Tung - shan Liang - chieh ; Japanese : Tōzan Ryōkai ; Korean : Tongsan Lianggye ; Vietnamese : Động Sơn Lương Giới ) was a Chan Buddhist monk of ninth - century China .
Therese Grob ( 16 November 1798 -- 17 March 1875 ) was the first love of the composer Franz Schubert .
Major General Bruce Alexander McDonald AO , DSO , OBE , MC ( 23 March 1925 -- 23 March 1993 ) was a senior officer in the Australian Army , seeing service in the Second World War , the Indonesia - Malaysia Confrontation and the Vietnam War .
Ken Battefield ( died 1967 ) was a prolific comic book artist in the 1940s and early 1950s , during the Golden Age of Comic Books .
Güzelce Ali Pasha ( Ali Pasha the Handsome ; died 9 March 1621 ) , also known as Çelebi Ali Pasha or İstanköylü Ali Pasha , was an Ottoman statesman .
Li Yantu ( 李彥圖 ) ( died 913 ) was a ruler of Qian Prefecture ( 虔州 , in modern Ganzhou , Jiangxi ) from 912 to 913 , early in the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .
Jackie Law , Jr died in 1996 and remained a committed QoS fan right up until his death .
Heinrich Bullinger ( 18 July 1504 -- 17 September 1575 ) was a Swiss reformer , the successor of Huldrych Zwingli as head of the Zurich church and pastor at Grossmünster .
Queen Cheorin ( 철인왕후 김씨 , 23 March 1837 -- 12 May 1878 ) , her family name Kim , was a Queen consort of Korea and the wife of King Cheoljong of Joseon .
Harry Caples ( 1898 - -1933 ) was an Australian representative rugby league player .
Henry Cass ( 24 June 1902 - 1989 ) was an English film director , particularly prolific in the horror and comedy genres .
John IV , Lord of Arkel ( also known as Jan Herbaren of Arkel ; d. 5 May 1360 ) was Lord of Arkel from 1326 until his death .
Louis Van Hege ( 8 May 1889 -- 24 June 1975 ) was a Belgian football Inside - Forward who played for AC Milan from 1910 to 1915 , scoring 97 goals during five Italian Football Championship seasons .
Malcolm Quantrill ( 25 May 1931 -- 22 September 2009 ) was a British architect , academic and architecture theorist .
Lesser Samuels ( 26 July 1894 - 22 December 1980 ) enjoyed a 20-year career as a Hollywood screenwriter .
Gödeke Michels ( Low Saxon ; died 1402 ) , also known as Gottfried Michaelsen in High German , was a German pirate and one of the leaders of the Likedeeler , a combination of former Vitalienbrüder .
Vladimir - Georg Karassev - Orgusaar ( born Vladimir - Georg - Julian Orgusaar , from 1953 to 1976 Vladimir Karasjov ) 14 December 1931 -- 27 January 2015 ) was an Estonian film director .
Leopoldo Burlando ( 1841 - -1915 ) was an Italian painter , mainly painting cityscapes and vedute .
Nina Pens Rode ( 22 May 1929 -- 22 July 1992 ) , was a Danish actress best known for her 1964 performance in the title role in Gertrud , Carl Theodor Dreyer 's final film .
Henry Morgan Saxon Mellish ( 14 March 1970 -- 7 March 2007 ) , better known as Morgan Mellish , was an Australian journalist .
Henry I , Count of Nassau - Beilstein ( 1307 - 1388 ) was a son of Henry I of Nassau - Siegen and his wife , Adelaide of Heinsberg - Blankenberg .
James Hamilton , 1st Earl of Arran and 2nd Lord Hamilton ( ca . 1475 - -1529 ) was a Scottish nobleman and first cousin of James IV of Scotland .
Jean - Noël Tassez ( 18 March 1956 -- 2 October 2015 ) was a French journalist , mainly focusing on human affairs .
Francis Fisher Browne ( December 1 , 1843 -- 1913 ) was an American editor , poet , and critic .
Michael McGurk ( died 22 June 1948 ) was a nationalist politician and farmer in Northern Ireland .
Arthur Hill Gilbert ( June 10 , 1893 - - April 1970 ) was an American Impressionist painter , notable as one of the practitioners of the California - style .
Hans Aarnes ( 6 May 1886 -- 25 October 1960 ) was a Norwegian entrepreneur , journalist , newspaper editor , magazine editor , publisher and proponent for the Nynorsk language .
Giuseppe Felice Tosi ( 28 February 1619 -- before 14 December 1693 ) was an Italian composer and organist , and the father of Pier Francesco Tosi , also a successful composer .
Pete Welding ( 15 November 1935 - 17 November 1995 ) was an American blues historian , archivist and record producer .
Otto Richard Kierulf ( 29 January 1825 -- 7 January 1897 ) was a Norwegian military officer , politician and sports administrator .
Dr. Arthur George Hill ( 12 November 1857 -- 16 June 1923 ) was a British organ builder and drawer .
Edward Hartley Dewart ( 1828 -- 17 June 1903 ) was an Irish - born Canadian Methodist clergyman , author and editor .
Jack O'Loughlin ( 10 August 1873 -- 8 August 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Pacecco De Rosa ( byname of Giovanni Francesco De Rosa ; 17 December 1607 - 1656 ) was an Italian painter , active in Naples .
Mark Bytheway ( 22 July 1963 -- 9 July 2010 ) was an England International Quiz player best known for becoming Quizzing World Champion in 2008 and winning the Top Brain competition of Brain of Britain .
Moody Jolley ( March 23 , 1910 - February , 1976 ) was an American thoroughbred horse racing owner , breeder and trainer .
Mary Vincent Conway , Sister of Charity and educator , c.18 June 1815 -- 27 May 1892 .
Christopher Vose ( 27 January 1887 -- 22 August 1970 ) was an English cross - country runner .
Gabriele Dara ( 1826 - -1885 ) commonly known as Gavril Dara Junior ( Albanian : Gavril Dara i Ri , Italian : Gabriele Dara il Giovane ) was an Arbëreshë politician and poet of the 19th century .
Polde Bibič ( 3 February 1933 -- 13 July 2012 ) was a Slovenian stage and film actor , a writer , and an academic professor , best known for his role in the film Flowers in Autumn and his work in theatre , Bibič was a recipient of several top awards in the field of arts in Slovenia .
Aldo Maldera ( 14 October 1953 -- 1 August 2012 ) was an Italian footballer , who played as a fullback or as a wide midfielder on the left .
Andrew Dewar Gibb MBE KC ( 13 February 1888 -- 24 January 1974 ) was a Scottish advocate , barrister , professor and politician .
Joseph Baylee , D.D. ( 1808 - -1883 ) , was a theological writer .
Max Noether , occasionally spelled Max Nöther , ( 24 September 1844 -- 13 December 1921 ) was a German mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry and the theory of algebraic functions .
Sikandar Shah Suri ( died 1559 ) was the sixth ruler of Sur dynasty , a late medieval Pashtun dynasty of northern India .
Milton Malek - Yonan ( 1904 - -2002 ) was an Assyrian entrepreneur and inventor .
David E. Goldman ( 1910 - -1998 ) was a scientist famous for the Goldman equation which he derived for his doctorate degree at Columbia University .
François Bovon ( 13 March 1938 -- 1 November 2013 ) was a Swiss biblical scholar and historian of early Christianity .
Carolyn Merrick ( 1825 - 1908 ) was described by Frances Willard of the Women 's Christian Temperance Union ( WCTU ) as a ' lady who can make the WCTU a success , even in the volatile city of Mardi Gras .
Sir Clifford Clifton ( 1626 - June 1670 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1659 .
Rinchen Gyaltsen ( Wylie : Rin c'en rgyal mts'an ) ( 1238 -- 24 March 1279 ) was a Tibetan imperial preceptor at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty .
Ralph Linton ( 27 February 1893 -- 24 December 1953 ) was a respected American anthropologist of the mid-20th century , particularly remembered for his texts The Study of Man ( 1936 ) and The Tree of Culture ( 1955 ) .
Countess Palatine Dorothea of Simmern ( 6 January 1581 -- 18 September 1631 ) was a Countess Palatine of Simmern by birth and Princess of Anhalt - Dessau by marriage .
William Marshall Craig ( died 1827 ) was an English painter who exhibited at times at the Royal Academy , from 1788 until 1827 .
Joseph John Jenkins ( 1811 -- 1885 ) was an English engraver and water - colour painter .
Maddi Sudarsanam ( b : 1906 - d : 1994 ) was an Indian Parliamentarian .
Antonio Margil ( 18 August 1657 -- 6 August 1726 ) was a Spanish ( American ) Franciscan missionary in North and Central America .
Louis , Hereditary Prince of Lorraine ( 28 January 1704 -- 10 May 1711 ) was heir apparent to the throne of the sovereign Duchy of Lorraine .
Marco Acerbi ( Aosta , 29 April 1949-Cervinia , 24 July 1989 ) was an Italian hurdler .
Gerard Hoffnung ( 22 March 1925 -- 28 September 1959 ) was an artist and musician , best known for his humorous works .
Timothy Matlack ( May 28 , 1736 -- April 14 , 1829 ) was a brewer and beer bottler who emerged as a popular revolutionary leader and powerful official in the American Revolutionary War .
Raymond Bessone ( 11 May 1911 -- 17 April 1992 ) , known as Mr Teasy - Weasy , Teasie Weasie Raymond and various combinations of these , was a British hairdresser from the 1930s to the 1960s .
Leo George Rigler ( 16 October 1896 , Minneapolis -- 25 October 1979 ) was an American radiologist remembered for describing Rigler 's sign .
Francis Playford ( 1825 - 39 September 1896 ) was a British rower who won the Wingfield Sculls in 1849 and the pairs oars at Henley Royal Regatta .
Enrico Del Debbio ( 26 May 1891 -- 12 July 1973 ) was an Italian architect and university professor .
Karol Castillo ( 29 August 1989 -- 10 April 2013 ) was a model and beauty pageant contestant from Peru .
Antoni Kocjan ( 12 August 1902 -- 13 August 1944 ) was a renowned Polish glider constructor and a contributor to the intelligence services of the Polish Home Army during World War II . Antoni was the son of Michal Kocjan and Franciszka Zurowska , born in the village of Skalskie near Olkusz .
Further , Cameron points out that during his lifetime Macrobius was referred to as `` Theodosius '' , and looking for that name Cameron found a Theodosius who was praetorian prefect of Italy in 430 .
Carlo Severini ( 10 March 1872 -- 11 May 1951 ) was an Italian mathematician : he was born in Arcevia ( Province of Ancona ) and died in Pesaro .
Nils Middelboe ( 5 October 1887 in Brunnby , Sweden -- 21 September 1976 ) was a Danish amateur athlete and football player as well as a football referee and leader .
Toni Iordache ( December 17 , 1942 -- February 1988 ) was a Romani - Romanian lăutar and one of the most famous cimbalom ( Romanian : ţambal ) players in the world .
Nina Bourne ( 1916 - -2010 ) was a publishing executive for more than 70 years for both Simon & Schuster and Alfred A. Knopf .
Yusuf Shihab ( 1748 - -1790 ) was the autonomous emir of Mount Lebanon between 1770 and 1789 .
Franz Eisenhut ( Hungarian : Eisenhut Ferencz ; Serbian : Франц Ајзенхут ; 25 January 1857 -- 2 June 1903 ) was a prominent Danube Swabian Realist and Orientalist painter .
Nik Novecento ( 19 February 1964 -- 15 October 1987 ) was an Italian actor and television personality .
Uurad or Ferat son of Bargoit ( died 842 ) was king of the Picts , perhaps from 839 to 842 .
The Hon . Sir Anthony Oliphant ( 1793 - -1859 ) was a British lawyer who was the eighth Chief Justice of Ceylon .
Saborios or Saborius ( Greek : Σαβώριος ) was a Byzantine general who rose in revolt against Emperor Constans II ( r. 641 - -668 ) in 667 - -668 .
George van den Bergh ( 25 April 1890 , Oss -- 3 October 1966 , Oegstgeest ) was a Dutch law professor and amateur astronomer .
Anthony Parkinson , O.F.M. ( 1667 -- 30 January 1728 ) was an English Franciscan friar and historian of his Order .
Mervyn Murphy ( 1912 - -1971 ) was an Australian filmmaker who started Supreme Sound Studios in Sydney in 1935 .
Gordon Burford ( 3 August 1919 -- 12 March 2010 ) was an Australian model engine designer and manufacturer .
Michael Joseph Bulger ( 15 May 1867 -- 20 July 1938 ) was an Irish rugby player , athlete and medical doctor .
Cathay Williams ( September 1844 - 1892 ) was an American soldier .
Luke Garnons ( died 12 February 1615 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1584 and 1601 .
Peter Paul Brang ( 1852 - -1925 ) was a Viennese architect who worked in what are today the Czech Republic and Slovenia , as well as in Bulgaria and Romania .
Alvah Augustus Eaton ( 1865 - -1908 ) was an American botanist who described many species of pteridophytes , orchids and grass .
Gregory Stapleton D.D. ( 1748 - -1802 ) was an English Roman Catholic bishop .
Eugenio Renazzi also surnamed Renazzi del Castello ( Rome , 1863- 1914 ) was an Italian painter , painting genre and Orientalist subjects .
Matthew II Izmirlian ( Armenian : Մատթէոս Բ. Կոնստանդնուպոլսեցի ( Իզմիրլեան ) , Matthew II of Constantinople ; 22 February 1845 -- 11 December 1910 ) was the Catholicos of All Armenians of the Armenian Apostolic Church at the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin in 1908 - -1910 .
Enrique Miret Magdalena ( 12 January 1914 -- 12 October 2009 ) was a lay theologian who specialised in ethics and sociology .
Major - General Sir Hugh McCalmont KCB CVO ( 1845 -- 2 May 1924 ) was a British politician .
Syed Nazmul Haque , ( Bengali : সৈয়দ নাজমুল হক;1941 -- 14 December 1971 ) born in the district of Khulna , was a martyred Bengali Journalist .
Chilakalapudi Seeta Rama Anjaneyulu ( 11 July 1907 -- 8 October 1963 ) , better known as C. S. R. Anjaneyulu or just CSR was an Indian film actor best known for his appearances in Telugu Cinema .
Eldon Lee Whittler ( July 7 , 1935-January 2001 ) , known by his stage name Smasher Sloan , was an American professional wrestler who wrestled for the World Wide Wrestling Federation ( WWWF ) in the 1960s and early 1970s .
Kalyan Kumar ( 28 July 1928 -- 1 August 1999 ) , born as Chokkanna , was an Indian film actor , and an occasional film director and producer , who worked primarily in Kannada and Tamil cinema .
Admiral Bernard Currey ( 11 May 1862 - 6 June 1936 ) was a Royal Navy officer who commanded the 5th Battle Squadron .
Betty Radice ( 3 January 1912 -- 19 February 1985 ) was a literary editor and translator .
Geoffrey Crowther , Baron Crowther ( 13 May 1907 -- 5 February 1972 ) was a British economist , journalist , educationalist and businessman .
Josef Keil ( 13 October 1878 -- 13 December 1963 ) was an Austrian historian , epigrapher and an archaeologist .
Walter Frederick Whittard ( 1902 - -1966 ) was professor of geology at the University of Bristol .
Laurence John Hartley Teakle ( 2 August 1901 -- 8 December 1979 ) was Professor of Agriculture from 1947 until 1963 at the University of Queensland in Brisbane , Australia .
Sir Henry North , 1st Baronet ( c 1609 -- 29 August 1671 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1656 and 1671 .
Joseph A. Pechman ( 1918 - -1989 ) was a highly influential economist and taxation scholar in the United States .
Bernie Knee ( Feb. 14 , 1924 , New York City -- Nov. 20 , 1994 , Fort Lauderdale ) was an actor and singer / musician .
Pieter Adrianus Ossewaarde ( 14 August 1775 -- 21 March 1853 ) was a Dutch technocratic politician , who was twice interim Minister of Finance , the first time from April to June 1828 and the second time in May and June 1848 after the resignation of Gerrit Schimmelpenninck .
James Hatley Frere ( 1779 - -1866 ) , was an English writer on prophecy .
Luo Yi ( Chinese : 羅藝 ) ( died 627 ) , known during service to Tang Dynasty as Li Yi ( 李藝 ) , courtesy name Ziyan ( 子延 ) or Ziting ( 子廷 ) , was a Sui Dynasty official who rose against the rule of Emperor Yang of Sui and occupied the modern Beijing region .
John Mottley ( 1692 - -1750 ) was an English writer , known as a dramatist , biographer , and compiler of jokes .
Tote Du Crow ( 1858 - -12 December 1927 ) was a Native American silent film actor originally from Watsonville , California .
Knud Olsen ( 1919 on Præstø -- 31 August 2010 in Bandholm ) is a Danish builder and designer of boats , who designed one of the most popular sailing dinghies in use over the past 50 years , the OK Dinghy , which became an ISAF International Class in 1974 .
George Goldsmith ( 11 March 1905 -- 1974 ) was a professional footballer who played for Bishop Auckland , Loftus Albion F.C. , Hull City , Tottenham Hotspur and Bolton Wanderers .
Christopher Brinchmann ( 1 April 1864 -- 26 February 1940 ) was a Norwegian historian and archivist .
Jane Pope ( 1744 -- 30 July 1818 ) was an English actress , daughter of a London theatrical wig - maker .
John Paul Rylands , FSA ( 1846 -- 2 March 1923 , Birkenhead ) , was an English barrister , genealogist and topographer .
Lina Pires de Campos née Del Vecchio ( 18 June 1918 -- 14 April 2003 ) was a Brazilian pianist , music educator and composer of both classical and popular music .
Robert Lugar ( 1773 -- 23 June 1855 ) , was an English architect and engineer in the Industrial Revolution .
Margaret Ely Webb ( 1877 - -1965 ) was an American illustrator , printmaker , and bookplate artist .
Lambert Hitchcock ( May 28 , 1795 , Cheshire , Connecticut -- 1852 ) was an American furniture manufacturer , famous for designing and mass - producing the Hitchcock chair .
Sir Thomas Rouse , 1st Baronet ( 27 March 1608 - 26 May 1676 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1660 .
Stewart Judah ( February 16 , 1893 - June 11 , 1966 ) began a career in magic in 1920 .
Dale Nichols ( 1904 -- October 19 , 1995 ) , also published under his full name , Dale William Nichols , was an American visual artist whose works included illustrations , paintings , lithographs , and wood carvings .
Christian Gullager ( March 1 , 1759 -- November 12 , 1826 ) was a Danish - American artist specializing in portraits and theatrical scenery in the late 18th century .
Edward Valpy ( 1764 - -1832 ) was an English cleric , classical scholar and schoolteacher .
Kent Durden ( 1937 - -2007 ) was an American wildlife photographer , documentary producer and writer .
Jovan Ružić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Ружић ) , ( 12 December 1898 -- 25 September 1973 ) was a Serbian footballer .
Count August of Legnica ( Polish : August hrabia legnicki ; German : Graf August von Liegnitz ; Brzeg , 21 August 1627 -- Siebenhufen near Przeworno , 14 May 1679 ) , was a member of the House of Piast .
Joseph Wild ( also Wilde ) ( c.1759 or 1773 - -1847 ) was an early explorer of Australia .
Mario Zanini , or simply Zanini ( September 10 , 1907 in São Paulo -- August 16 , 1971 in São Paulo ) , was a Brazilian painter and interior designer .
Gordon Abbott ( 26 September 1914 - 19 April 1986 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sebastiaen van Aken or Sebastiaen Aken ( bapt . 31 March 1648 - 21 November 1722 ) was a Flemish historical painter .
Leontius of Caesarea ( died 337 ) was a bishop of Caesarea Mazaca , in Cappadocia .
Kalidas Nag ( 1892 - 1966 ) was an Indian historian , author and parliamentarian .
Samuel Caldwell Nicholson ( died 1891 ) was a British trade unionist .
Dorrit Cohn ( 1924 -- 10 March 2012 ) was a scholar of German and Comparative Literature whose work centered on the formal analysis of narrative fiction .
P. Dawood Shah ( Tamil : பா. தாவூத் ஷா ) ( 1885 - 1969 ) was a Tamil scholar and activist .
Preserved Smith ( July 22 , 1880 -- May 15 , 1941 ) was an American historian of the Protestant Reformation .
Archimandrite Ilya Denisov ( 22 January 1893 in Saint Petersburg , Russian Empire -- 7 September 1971 in Chicago , USA ) was a Russian Greek - Catholic priest .
Lady Anne Barnard ( née Lindsay ; 12 December 1750 -- 6 May 1825 ) was a Scottish travel writer , artist and socialite , and the author of the ballad Auld Robin Gray .
Richard Fenner Burges ( 1873 - -1945 ) was a Texan attorney , legislator and conservationist .
Venant de Viviers ( d. 544 ) was the Bishop of Viviers in the Ardèche , southern France .
Horace Fisher ( 3 August 1903 -- 16 April 1974 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played fifty two games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1928 and 1936 .
William Malcolm Hailey , 1st Baron Hailey OM GCSI GCMG GCIE PC ( 15 February 1872 -- 1 June 1969 ) , known as Sir Malcolm Hailey between 1921 and 1936 , was a British peer and administrator in British India .
George Halket or Hacket ( died 1756 ) , was a Scottish poet and songwriter .
Alfred Hope Patten ( 17 November 1885 , Town Brewery , Sidmouth - 11 August 1958 , The College , Little Walsingham ) , known as Pat to his friends , was an Anglo - Catholic priest in the Church of England , best known for his restoration of the shrine of Our Lady of Walsingham .
Charles Anselm Bolton ( 1905 to 1970 ) was for many years a priest of the Roman Catholic Church , being the Priest of Salford Diocese in 1950 .
Catarina Wentin ( 1637 - 1707 ) was a Swedish ( originally German ) midwife , official midwife of the royal court .
Karl Zsigmondy ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʒiɡmondi ) ) ( 27 March 1867 - 14 October 1925 ) was an Austrian mathematician of Hungarian ethnicity .
George Norman Douglas ( 8 December 1868 -- 7 February 1952 ) was a British writer , now best known for his 1917 novel South Wind .
Valentin de Boulogne ( before 3 January 1591 -- 19 August 1632 ) , sometimes referred to as Le Valentin , was a French painter in the tenebrist style .
Silvia Cambir ( 24 January 1924 - 2007 ) is a Romanian Expressionist painter , portraitist , and book illustrator .
Emmanuel McEachern ( ca 1816 -- November 5 , 1875 ) was a farmer and political figure on Prince Edward Island .
Wally Mutimer ( 30 July 1907 -- 14 October 1984 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dezső Pattantyús - Ábrahám de Dancka ( 10 July 1875 -- 25 July 1973 ) was a conservative Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister and temporary Minister of Finance of the second counter - revolutionary government in Szeged for one month in 1919 .
Doug Palmer ( 23 June 1930 -- 23 November 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1950s .
Bernhard Erasmus von Deroy ( 11 December 1743 -- 23 August 1812 ) from the Electorate of the Palatinate became a noted general officer in the army of Bavaria .
Memduh Ünlütürk ( died 7 April 1991 ) was a Turkish general associated with the Counter - Guerrilla and the anti - communist Ziverbey interrogations following the 1971 coup .
Alexander Zeitlin ( 28 August 1900 in Russia -- 19 April 1998 ) was a prominent figure in the US Air Force major press design program following the Second World War and Korean War years .
Norman Maen ( 1932 -- 22 April 2008 , born `` Norman Maternaghan '' ) was a director and choreographer .
Na'od ( Amharic : ናዖስ ? ) ( ? -- 31 July 1508 ) was Emperor ( nəgusä nägäst ) ( 1494 - 31 July 1508 ) of Ethiopia , and a member of the Solomonic dynasty .
Jean Victor Mottez ( 31 October 1866 in Paris -- 7 December 1942 in Saint Gervais D'Auvergne ) was a French naval officer .
Nora Connolly O'Brien ( 1893 -- 17 June 1981 ) was an activist and writer ; she was also a member of the Irish Senate .
Flann mac Congalaig ( died 812 ) was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba ( Knowth ) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill .
Teddy Johnston ( 3 September 1891 -- 3 October 1922 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Hawkin ( fl . 1397 - 1406 ) , of Huntingdon and Great Gidding , Huntingdonshire , was an English politician .
Murong Hui ( 慕容廆 ) , ( 269 - -333 ) Xianbei chief and Duke Xiang of Liaodong , posthumously honored as Prince Wuxuan of Yan .
Georg Ulrich Wasmuth ( 19 March 1788 -- 16 October 1814 ) was a Norwegian military officer and who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly .
Ilia Fibiger ( 5 October 1817 - 10 June 1867 ) was a Danish writer and playwright as well as Denmark 's first professional nurse .
Bert Greeves MBE ( born Oscar Bertram Greeves , 5 June 1906 -- 15 July 1993 ) was a British engineer who founded Invacar Ltd in 1942 and Greeves motor cycles in 1953 .
Ricardo Lancaster - Jones y Verea , MA BE KHS ( 9 February 1905 -- 20 January 1983 ) was a Mexican historian , diplomat , scholar , professor , art collector and sugarcane entrepreneur who made significant contributions toward the study of the haciendas of the State of Jalisco ( Mexico ) in the twentieth century .
Pierre de Pardaillan de Gondrin ( 1692 -- 4 November 1733 ) was the Duke - Bishop of Langres , France .
Sir Benjamin Rudyerd or Rudyard ( 1572 -- 31 May 1658 ) was an English poet and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1648 .
Joseph W. Yost ( 1847 - -1923 ) was a prominent architect from Ohio whose works included many courthouses and other public buildings .
Jesse Chickering ( born Dover , New Hampshire , 31 August 1797 ; died West Roxbury , Massachusetts , 29 May 1855 ) was a political economist .
Mia May aka Hermine Pfleger ( 2 June 1884 -- 28 November 1980 ) was an Austrian actress .
Wilhelm Kettler ( 20 June 1574 in Mitau -- 7 April 1640 in Kucklow ) was the second Duke of Courland , a region of Latvia .
Alfred P. Wolf ( February 23 , 1923 -- December 17 , 1998 ) was an American nuclear and organic chemist .
Pierre Beauchamp ( also Beauchamps , called `` Charles '' or Charles - Louis Beauchamp ) ( 30 October 1631 -- February 1705 ) was a French choreographer , dancer and composer , and the probable inventor of Beauchamp - Feuillet notation .
Sanapia , born Mary Poafpybitty ( ca . 20 May 1895 - -23 January 1984 ) was a Comanche medicine woman and spiritual healer .
Seán Dublin Bay Rockall Loftus ( 1 November 1927 -- 10 July 2010 ) was an Irish environmentalist , barrister and politician who drew attention to his campaign issues by changing his name .
Matija Ivanić ( Vrbanj , Hvar around 1445 -- Rome 1523 ) was a prominent 16th century citizen of the Dalmatian city of Hvar that led the Hvar Rebellion ( 1510 - -1514 ) against the Venetian Republic .
Muircheartach mac Pilib Ó Ceallaigh , Archbishop of Tuam and patron of An Leabhar Ua Maine , died 1407 .
Matthew of Kraków ( c. 1335 -- 5 March 1410 ) was a renowned German - Polish scholar and priest of the fourteenth century .
Squadron Leader Sarfaraz Ahmed Rafiqui ( 18 July 1935 -- 6 September 1965 ) was a fighter pilot in the Pakistan Air Force .
Giuseppe Antonio Sorbilli ( Zammarò . a frazione of San Gregorio d'Ippona , in what is now the Province of Vibo Valentia , Calabria , 1824 - 1890 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Mary Elvira Weeks ( 1892 - -1975 ) was an American chemist and science historian who wrote Discovery of the Elements .
Bakin Pertin ( 1 May 1942 , in Damro village -- 5 January 1996 , in Guwahati ) was an Indian politician .
Hakim Syed Niamatullah ( 1900 - 1961 ) was an Indian politician and practitioner of Unani medicine who served as mayor of Madras city in 1943 - 44 .
Sir Charles James Jackson ( 2 May 1849 -- 23 April 1923 ) was a British businessman , collector , barrister , newspaper executive , politician , and writer , who was an authority on antique gold and silver plate .
Axel Collett ( 6 August 1880 in Kolvereid -- 17 January 1968 ) was a Norwegian landowner , timber merchant and sawmill owner .
Bogdan Zimonjić , ( Serbian Cyrillic : Богдан Зимоњић ; 1813 -- 21 January 1909 ) was a Serbian Orthodox priest , and Voivode ( military commander ) in two major uprisings against the Ottoman Empire in 19th - century Herzegovina : in 1852 - -62 , and 1875 - -78 .
Richard FitzJames ( died 15 January 1522 ) was a medieval Bishop of Rochester , Bishop of Chichester and Bishop of London .
Sidney Bowser ( 6 April 1891 -- 10 February 1961 ) , better known as Sid Bowser , was an English footballer who played at inside - left and centre - half .
Franciscus van den Enden was condemned to death and on 27 November 1674 , after the decapitation of the noble conspirators , he was hanged before the Bastille .
Wilhelm Brückner ( 11 December 1884 in Baden - Baden -- 18 August 1954 in Herbsdorf , Upper Bavaria ) was until 1940 Adolf Hitler 's chief adjutant .
Anna Atkins ( née Children ; 16 March 1799 -- 9 June 1871 ) was an English botanist and photographer .
Les Reeves ( 22 June 1923 -- 23 June 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League , ( VFL ) .
Mary Tourtel ( 28 January 1874 -- 15 March 1948 ) was an English artist and creator of Rupert Bear .
José Iglesias Fernández ( 23 December 1926 -- 12 July 2007 ) , nicknamed Joseíto , was a Spanish football outside right and manager .
Charles Schweinfurth ( 13 April 1890 -- 16 November 1970 ) was an American botanist and plant collector who distinguished himself by his studies on orchids .
William Chalmers Burns ( 宾惠廉 , 1 April 1815 -- 4 April 1868 ) was a Scottish Evangelist and Missionary to China with the English Presbyterian Mission who originated from Kilsyth , North Lanarkshire .
Sergo Zakariadze ( Georgian : სერგო ზაქარიაძე ( sɛrɡɔ zakʰariad͡zɛ ) ; 18 July ( O.S. July 1 ) 1909 -- 13 April 1971 ) was a renowned Georgian actor .
Paul Friedrichs ( 21 March 1940 ; Buchholz -- 30 August 2012 ; Erfurt ) was an East German professional motocross racer .
Abraham Pihl ( 3 October 1756 -- 20 May 1821 ) was a Norwegian clergyman , astronomer and architect .
Theophilus Bird , or Bourne , ( 1608 -- 1663 ) was a seventeenth - century English actor .
Manitas de Plata ( born Ricardo Baliardo ; 7 August 1921 -- 5 November 2014 ) was a French flamenco guitarist .
Peter Womersley ( 24 June 1923 - -1993 ) was a British architect , best known for his work in the modernist style .
Jacques Dinet ( 1584 - 1653 ) was a French Jesuit , confessor to Louis XIII and an associate of René Descartes .
Herbert Langley ( 1888 - -1967 ) was a well - known early twentieth - century British opera singer ( baritone ) who later also played various minor acting roles in a number of British films .
William Bonville , 1st Baron Bonville , KG ( c. 1392 - -93 -- 18 February 1461 ) of Shute , Devon , was an English nobleman , soldier , and administrator .
John Coggeshall ( 1601 -- 27 November 1647 ) was one of the founders of Rhode Island and the first President of all four towns in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
Alice Chestre ( sometimes written `` Chester '' or `` Chestour '' ) ( died 1485 ) was a merchant and a benefactor of the city of Bristol , England .
Giuseppe Galeòtti ( 1708 - 1778 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Baroque style , mainly in Liguria .
Dan Laksov ( 10 July 1940 -- 25 October 2013 ) was a Norwegian - Swedish mathematician and human rights activist .
Ivane Kazbegi ( Georgian : ივანე ყაზბეგი ; Polish : Jan ( Iwan ) Kazbek ; Russian : Иван Николаевич Казбек , Ivan Nikolayevich Kazbek ) ( June 11 , 1860 -- December 2 , 1943 ) was a Georgian soldier , who served , successively , in the Imperial Russian , Georgian and Polish armies .
Simon Harcourt , 1st Earl Harcourt , of Stanton Harcourt , Oxfordshire , PC FRS ( 1714 -- 16 September 1777 ) , known as 2nd Viscount Harcourt , of Stanton Harcourt , Oxfordshire , between 1727 and 1749 , was a British diplomat and general who became Viceroy of Ireland .
Jan van Call ( 1655 - 1703 ) was an artist born , according to Descamps , at Nijmegen in 1655 .
François Sublet de Noyers ( 1589 - -1645 ) , one of Cardinal de Richelieu 's political creatures , who derived his position and political weight from the Cardinal 's consistent patronage , was a secretary of state to Louis XIII , and a member of his Conseil du Roi .
Jacques Besson ( 1540 ? - 1573 ) was a French Protestant inventor , mathematician , and philosopher , chiefly remembered for his popular treatise on machines Theatrum Instrumentorum ( 1571 - -72 ) , which saw many reprints in different languages .
Timothy Grubb ( 30 May 1954 -- 11 May 2010 ) was a British show jumping champion .
Dionysis Papagiannopoulos ( Greek : Διονύσης Παπαγιαννόπουλος ; 12 July 1912 -- 17 April 1984 ) was a Greek actor .
Alan Gowen ( 19 August 1947 -- 17 May 1981 ) was a fusion / progressive rock keyboardist , best known for his work in Gilgamesh and National Health .
Sir Man - kam Lo , CBE ( 1893 -- 7 March 1959 ) was a prominent Eurasian lawyer in Hong Kong and unofficial member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Mihály Dávid ( July 31 , 1886 - 1944 ) was a Hungarian athlete who competed mainly in the shot put .
José Cascante , José de Cascante or Joseph Cascante ( 1646 -- December 1702 ) was a Colombian Baroque composer and organist .
Arthur Brough ( born Frederick Arthur Baker ) ( 26 February 1905 -- 28 May 1978 ) was a British actor , best known for portraying the character of senior menswear salesman Mr. Ernest Grainger on the BBC sitcom Are You Being Served ?
Richard Flecknoe ( c. 1600 -- 1678 ) was an English dramatist , poet and musician who was made the butt of satires by Andrew Marvell ( 1681 ) and John Dryden ( 1682 ) .
Ferdinand Rebay ( 11 June 1880 -- 6 November 1953 ) was an Austrian composer , music teacher , choir director , and pianist .
Liu Zongzhou ( simplified Chinese : 刘宗周 ; traditional Chinese : 劉宗周 ; pinyin : Liú Zōngzhōu , 1578 - -1645 ) , also known as Liu Jishan ( simplified Chinese : 刘蕺山 ; traditional Chinese : 劉蕺山 ) , was a Confucian scholar from the Ming dynasty , born in Shanyin , Shaoxing .
Reg Isidore ( 4 April 1949 -- 22 March 2009 ) was a rock drummer best known for his work with Robin Trower .
Sadhu Kuppuswami ( 1890 - -1956 ) was a Fiji Indian who inspired South Indians in Fiji to have pride in their culture and language and was instrumental in the establishment of the Sangam organisation in Fiji .
Meta Vidmar ( born Metoda Vidmar , 15 May 1899 , Ljubljana -- 1 November 1975 , Ljubljana ) was the first Slovene modern dancer , notable for establishing the Mary Wigman dance school in Ljubljana in 1930 , the first modern dance school in Slovenia .
Engelbert Arnold ( 7 March 1856 -- 16 November 1911 ) was a Swiss - born electrical engineer .
Anthony Chute ( fl . 1590s ; died 1595 ) was an Elizabethan poet and pamphleteer .
Ian Hamilton Finlay , CBE ( 28 October 1925 -- 27 March 2006 ) was a Scottish poet , writer , artist and gardener .
Edwin Hubbell Chapin ( December 29 , 1814 -- 1880 ) was an American preacher and editor of the Christian Leader .
Zygmunt A. Piotrowski ( 1904 - -1985 ) was a polish born American psychologist who worked on the Rorschach test .
Gerald Gladstone ( 7 January 1929 -- 7 March 2005 ) was a Canadian sculptor and painter .
Ajdin Muzaka ( ? - 1444 ) was the brother in law of George Kastrioti Skanderbeg and one of his commanders .
Ansprand ( c. 657 -- 712 ) was king of the Lombards briefly in 712 .
Manohar Nath Kaul ( 27 May 1923 - 21 August 2009 ) was a Kashmiri Pandit politician .
Ray Jerome Baker ( December 1 , 1880 - -October , 1972 ) was an American photographer , film maker and lecturer .
Côtis - Capel ( 22 January 1915 -- 30 October 1986 ) was the pen name of Albert Lohier , a Norman language poet .
Gudmund Grytøyr ( born 15 July 1920 in Sør - Varanger died 21 July 2001 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party .
Gojko Šušak ( pronounced ( gȏːjko ʃûʃak ) ; 16 March 1945 -- 3 May 1998 ) was a Croatian politician who held the post of defence minister from 1991 to 1998 .
Wogan Philipps , 2nd Baron Milford ( 25 February 1902 -- 30 November 1993 ) was the only member of the Communist Party of Great Britain ever to sit in the House of Lords .
Jerzy Mondschein ( 18 March 1909 -- 29 March 1944 ) was a Polish Vickers Wellington bomber Observer ( navigator ) flying from England when he was taken prisoner during the Second World War .
Johannes du Plessis Scholtz ( 14 May 1900 -- 26 January 1990 ) was a South African philologist , art historian , and art collector .
William John Tregillus ( 2 May 1858 -- 12 November 1914 ) was a British--
On May 9 , 1996 , Nina Yefimova , 25-year - old , was found dead from a shot to the back of the head .
Roger de Barbarin ( 4 June 1860 -- 4 March 1925 ) was a French trap shooter who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century .
Adolf Bredo Stabell ( 19 November 1807 -- 21 November 1865 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor , banker and politician .
Heongang of Silla ( c.861 - 886 ) ( r. 875 - -886 ) was the 49th to rule the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Matthew Panting ( 1682 - -1739 ) was a clergyman and Master of Pembroke College , Oxford .
Harry Rosenthal ( 15 May c. 1893 -- 10 May 1953 ) was an orchestra leader , composer , pianist and actor .
Joachim Nicolas Eggert ( 22 February 1779 -- 14 April 1813 ) was a Swedish composer and musical director .
Berthe Hoola van Nooten ( née Bartha Hendrica Philippina van Dolder , 12 October 1817 Utrecht - 12 April 1892 Batavia ) , was a Dutch botanical artist , noted for her botanical plates illustrating `` Fleurs , Fruits et Feuillages Choisis de l'Ile de Java '' in 1863 - 64 .
Maisie Shiell ( 1916 - -2008 ) became involved in anti - nuclear issues in 1976 when public concern developed about a new uranium mine in Saskatchewan .
Kenneth Frank Barrington ( 24 November 1930 -- 14 March 1981 ) , better known as Ken Barrington , played for the England cricket team and Surrey County Cricket Club in the 1950s and 1960s .
Emmanuel Martin ( 1827 , Paris - 1897 , Creil ) was a French entomologist specialising in Lepidoptera .
Mary Featherstonhaugh Frampton MBE /ˈfænˌʃɔː ˈfræmptən/ ( 16 February 1928 -- 28 August 2014 ) , was a British civil servant who worked as clerk in charge of the Serjeant at Arms department in the House of Commons .
Sir Edward William Brabrook ( 1839 - -1930 ) C.B. F.S.A. was an English civil servant and author , and an anthropologist with a special interest in folklore .
Victor Ido ( 8 February 1869 , Surabaya - 20 May 1948 , The Hague ) is the main alias of the Indo ( Eurasian ) Dutch language writer and journalist Hans van de Wall .
Kollur Mallappa ( 1905 -- 24 October 2004 ) was the first President of Hyderabad Pradesh Congress Committee , prior to the merger of Hyderabad state into Andhra Pradesh .
Sir Charles Prestwood Lucas KCB , KCMG , ( 1853 - 1931 ) , was a civil servant and historian of Welsh extraction .
Maurizio Sparagnini ( 1706- 1748 ) was an Italian painter active in a late - Baroque style , active in the Marche .
Miles Menander Dawson ( May 13 , 1863 -- 1942 ) was an American author of poetry and philosophy , and ethics .
Florendo M. Visitacion ( 7 June 1910 -- 4 January 1999 ) was a martial arts instructor .
Jane Arthur ( 1827 - 1907 ) , was a Scottish feminist and activist .
George Geary ( 9 July 1893 in Barwell , Leicestershire , England -- 6 March 1981 in Leicester , England ) was the greatest cricketer Leicestershire produced before the advent of David Gower and one of the best and hardest - working bowlers of the inter - war period .
Harold Harkavy ( 1915 - -1965 ) was an American bridge player , considered one of the world 's best at declarer play .
Lieutenant - General Richard Lambart , 6th Earl of Cavan ( died 2 November 1778 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer and soldier .
John Leng Sturrock ( 1878 -- 22 July 1943 ) was a Scottish newspaper publisher and Liberal politician .
Iorwerth ap Bleddyn ( 1053 - -1111 ) was a prince of Powys in eastern Wales .
Gideon Cornell ( 1710 - 1766 ) was a farmer , trader and judge who became the first Chief Justice of the Rhode Island Supreme Court , serving from 1747 to 1749 .
Peter Marquis ( 13 March 1932 -- 4 March 2005 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania and Victoria during the 1950s and 1960s .
Columba of Terryglass ( Colum)(died 13 December 552 ) was the son of Ninnidh , a descendant of Crinthainn , King of Leinster .
Johann Leonard Hoffmann ( 1710 - -1782 ) was a Maastricht army surgeon and amateur geologist who collected fossils from the local Mount Saint Peter .
George Aglionby ( c.1603 - -1643 ) was an English royalist churchman , nominated in 1643 as Dean of Canterbury .
Maria de Abarca , often referred to as Doña Maria de Abarca , was a seventeenth century Spanish painter active between 1630 - 1656 in Madrid , Spain .
Carl - Heinrich von Stülpnagel ( 2 January 1886 -- 30 August 1944 ) was a German general and a member of the July 20 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler .
Francisco de Lucena ( c. 1578 - -28 April 1643 ) was a Portuguese nobleman and King John IV 's first Secretary of State ( Head of Government ) , and the first after the Restoration War and end of the Iberian Union .
Sir George Biddlecombe ( 5 November 1807 -- 22 July 1878 ) was an English naval officer and author .
Leonard Beaumont ( 1891 - -1986 ) was an English printmaker , graphic designer , illustrator and publisher .
David MacRitchie ( 16 April 1851 -- 14 January 1925 ) was a Scottish folklorist and antiquarian .
Ahmet Vardar ( 1937 -- 25 February 2010 ) was a notable Turkish journalist and television presenter .
G. Olof Thorin ( 23 February 1912 , Halmstad -- 14 February 2004 , Danderyds sjukhus ) was a Swedish mathematician working on analysis and probability , who introduced the Riesz--
Alois Auer ( 1813 -- 11 June 1869 ) was a printer , inventor and botanical illustrator , most active during the 1840s and 1850s .
Vasyl Barka ( pseud . of Vasyl Ocheret , born 16 July 1908 in the village of Solonytsia near Lubny , Poltava Governorate , died 11 April 2003 in Liberty , New York ) was an American residing Ukrainian poet , writer , literary critic , and translator .
Charles Fane , 1st Viscount Fane PC ( Ire ) ( January 1676 -- 4 July 1744 ) was an Anglo - Irish courtier , politician and a landowner in both England and Ireland .
Captain François Dupont Duvivier ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa dypɔ̃ dyvivje ) ; 25 April 1705 -- 28 May 1776 ) was an Acadian - born merchant and officer of the French colonial troupes de la marine .
Ats Bonninga ( fl . 1494 ) , was a Dutch noble , known for her defence of the fortress in Warns in Gaasterland during the conflict between the Schieringers and the Vetkopers party in 1494 .
Margarito or Margaritone d'Arezzo ( fl . c. 1250 - -1290 ) was an Italian painter from Arezzo .
Jacques Philippe Bonnaud or Bonneau ( 11 September 1757 -- 30 March 1797 ) commanded a French combat division in a number of actions during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Pope Formosus ( birth name unknown ; c. 816 -- 4 April 896 ) was Pope from 6 October 891 to his death in 896 .
Richard Badiley ( c. 1616 -- 7 or 11 August 1656 ) was an English naval officer .
Achille Marozzo ( 1484 - -1553 ) was an Italian fencing master teaching in the Dardi or Bolognese tradition .
Rev. Augustine Kirwan , D.D. , 1724 -- 7 August 1791 .
William Burge ( 1786 -- 12 November 1849 ) was a British lawyer and Privy Councillor .
Ramón Sagredo ( 1834 - -1873 ) was a 19th - century Mexican painter and photographer who worked under the patronage of Emperor Maximilian and decorated the former cupola of `` La Profesa '' with the Catalonian master Pelegrí Clavé .
Brigadier General Theodore C. Lyster , M.D. ( 10 July 1875 , Kansas -- 5 August 1933 , California ) was a United States Army physician and aviation medicine pioneer .
Francis Bromley ( ca . 1556 - -1591 ) was an English politician .
Robert Caesar Childers ( 1838 -- 25 July 1876 ) was a British Orientalist scholar , compiler of the first Pāli - English dictionary .
Herbert Dale ( January 1867 -- December 1925 ) was an English footballer who played as a forward .
Éraste d'Odet d'Orsonnens ( April 11 , 1836 -- 1906 ) was a notary , author and politician in Quebec .
Sigurd Hlodvirsson ( circa 960 -- 23 April 1014 ) , popularly known as Sigurd the Stout from the Old Norse Sigurðr digri , was an Earl of Orkney .
Josef Brunnthaler ( 20 December 1871 , Vienna -- 18 August 1914 ) was an Austrian botanist and algologist .
Thomas Chillenden ( died 15 August 1411 ) was Prior of Christ Church Priory , Canterbury from 1391 to 1410 .
Air Marshal Eduardo Gomes ( 20 September 1896 -- 13 June 1981 ) was a Brazilian politician and military figure .
Cornelis van der Sluys ( Brouwershaven , 4 June 1883 -- Amsterdam , 4 January 1944 ) was a Dutch furniture and textile designer , interior designer , decorator , glass painter , sculptor , goldsmith , organizer , and publicist .
Hedwig of Brandenburg , also called Hedwig of Ballenstedt ( c. 1140 -- end of March 1203 ) , a member of the House of Ascania , was Margravine of Meissen from 1156 until 1190 by her marriage with Margrave Otto II .
William Cairnes ( c. 1669 -- August 1707 ) was an Irish politician and merchant .
Les Frauenfelder ( 26 February 1888 -- 26 July 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Obaysch ( 1849?- 11 March 1878 ) was the first hippopotamus seen in Great Britain since prehistoric times , and the first in Europe since Ancient Rome .
Friedrich Wilhelm von Dossow ( 17 December 1669 -- 28 March 1758 ) was a Prussian Generalfeldmarschall and Governor of Wesel .
Joseph Cassey Bustill ( 1822 - -1895 ) was an African American conductor in the Underground Railroad .
Francis Gurney du Pont ( 1850 - -1904 ) was the creator of smokeless gunpowder .
Jang Bogo ( 787 - 846 , alternately 841 ) , also known as Gungbok , rose to prominence in Korea in the late Unified Silla period as a powerful maritime figure who for several decades effectively controlled the West Sea ( Yellow Sea ) and Korean coast between southwestern Korea and China 's Shandong peninsula .
Francisco Hurtado Izquierdo ( 10 February 1669 -- 30 June 1725 ) was a Spanish architect of the baroque period , author of the Sancta Sanctorum ( sacristy ) in the Granada Charterhouse .
Pierre Vallières ( 22 February 1938 -- 23 December 1998 ) , was a Canadian journalist and writer from the province of Québec .
Freda Bedi ( sometimes spelled Frida Bedi , also named Sister Palmo , or Gelongma Karma Kechog Palmo ) ( 5 February 1911 -- 26 March 1977 ) was a British woman born in Derby , England , who became famous as the first Western woman to take ordination in Tibetan Buddhism .
Austin Osman Spare ( 30 December 1886 -- 15 May 1956 ) was an English artist and occultist who worked as both a draughtsman and a painter .
Giovanni Paisiello ( or Paesiello ; 9 May 1740 -- 5 June 1816 ) was an Italian composer of the Classical era .
John Fitling ( died 1434 ) , of Kingston upon Hull , Yorkshire , was an English politician and merchant .
Ferdinand Kovačević ( 1838 - -1913 ) was a Croatian inventor , engineer , and pioneer in telegraphy who originated from Gospić .
G. H. Elliott ( November 1882 - -19 November 1962 ) was a British music hall singer and dancer .
James Mundell ( died 1762 ) was a Scottish educator .
Sun Yefang ( Chinese : 孙冶方 ; 1908 - -1983 ) was a pioneering Chinese economist .
James Douglas , Earl of Angus ( 1671 -- 3 August 1692 ) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier .
Richard Lichfield ( died 1630 ) was a barber surgeon in Cambridge , England , during the late 16th and early 17th century .
David Cushman Coyle ( 1887 - -1969 ) was an American structural engineer , economist , and writer .
Arthur Hambling ( 14 March 1888 -- 6 December 1952 ) was a British actor , he was best known for appearances in the films Henry V ( 1944 ) and The Lavender Hill Mob ( 1951 ) .
Samuel Morse Felton , Sr . ( 1809 - -1889 ) was a civil engineer and railroad executive .
Tamara Shakryl ( 1925 or 1926 -- 12 November 2004 ) was a linguist , academic and human rights activist from Abkhazia .
Colonel Kyi Maung ( Burmese : ကြည်မောင် , pronounced : ( tɕì màʊɴ ) ; 20 December 1940 -- 19 August 2004 ) was a Burmese Army officer and politician .
Yusuf Ma Dexin ( also Ma Tesing ; 1794 - -1874 ) was a Hui Chinese scholar of Islam from Yunnan , known for his fluency and proficiency in both Arabic and Persian , and for his knowledge of Islam .
Marco Donat - Cattin ( 28 September 1953 - 19 June 1988 ) was an Italian terrorist .
Hargrave Jennings ( 1817 - 1890 ) was a British Freemason , Rosicrucian , author on occultism and esotericism , and amateur student of comparative religion .
John Crickmere ( 1822- Oxford 20 September 1846 ) was an English steeplechase jockey who took part in the Grand National steeplechase four times during the 1840s , finishing in the first four on each occasion and winning the race on Discount ( racehorse ) in 1844 .
Sir Samuel Gluckstein ( 28 September 1880 -- 19 August 1958 ) was a British solicitor and politician .
George Abraham von Dyhrn , 1st Baron of Dyhrn ( 1620 - -1671 ) , was an Austrian Chancellor in the province of Silesia , politician and a landowner in the Habsburg monarchy .
Isoda Koryūsai ( 礒田湖龍斎 1735 - -1790 ) was a Japanese ukiyo - e printmaker and painter active from 1769 to 1790 .
Brigadier Anne Field , CB , ADC Hon ( née Hodgson ; 4 April 1926 -- 25 June 2011 ) was a senior British military officer .
Thomas Dunckerley ( 23 October 1724 -- 19 November 1795 ) was a prominent freemason , being appointed Provincial Grand Master of several provinces , promoting Royal Arch masonry , introducing Mark Masonry to England , and instituting a national body for Templar masonry .
Bernat Martínez Mas ( 10 January 1980 -- 19 July 2015 ) was a Spanish motorcycle racer .
John Adam Day ( 6 July 1901 -- 7 June 1966 ) , was a British Liberal Party parliamentary candidate who later became a prominent Conservative in Devon local government .
Ya'akov Nitzani ( Hebrew : יעקב ניצני‎ , born Ya'akov Chechik ; 6 December 1900 -- 15 September 1962 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai from 1952 until 1959 .
Bartol Gyurgieuvits ( also Bartol Jurjevic or Gjurgjevic ) ( 1506 - -1566 ) was a Croatian musicologist and lexicographer born in Turopolje near Zagreb .
Arthur Pomeroy , 1st Viscount Harberton ( 16 January 1723 -- 9/11 April 1798 ) was an Irish politician .
Martin Divilly ( died August 1979 ) was Mayor of Galway from 1963 to 1964 and from 1970 to 1971 .
Spasoje Hadži Popović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Спасоје Хаџи Поповић ; 18 August 1882 -- 3 July 1926 ) was a Serbian teacher in Bitola and newspaper editor of Južne Zvezde ( Southern Stars ) .
Alice Drew Chenoweth ( 1903 - -1998 ) was a physician who specialized in pediatrics and public health , and served as the Chief of the Division of Health Services in the United States Children 's Bureau .
Clement King Shorter ( 19 July 1857 -- 19 November 1926 ) was a British journalist and literary critic .
William J. Durham ( 1896 - 1970 ) was a resident of Sherman , Texas for much of his life .
Stanford Mark Juddery ( 9 March 1971 -- 13 January 2015 ) was an Australian freelance journalist , author , humorist and columnist for The Canberra Times .
Annibale Zoilo ( c. 1537 - -1592 ) was an Italian composer and singer of the late Renaissance Roman School .
Jacqueline Moss ( 1927 - -2005 ) was an American art historian , lecturer , writer and art critic .
Sir Robert Holborne ( died 1647 ) was an English lawyer and politician , of Furnival 's Inn and Lincoln 's Inn ( where he was bencher and reader in English law ) .
John Herbert Harington ( died 9 April 1828 ) was a British orientalist and judge .
Eugen de Haën ( 26 December 1835 -- 16 November 1911 ) was a German chemist and founder of the chemistry factory E. de Haën .
Oliver St John , 3rd Baron St John of Bletso ( c. 1540 - -1618 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1588 until 1596 when he inherited the peerage as Baron St John of Bletso .
Benjamin Hawkshaw ( died 1738 ) was an Irish Anglican divine .
Edward Byng ( ca . 1676 -- 1753 ) , sometimes spelt Bing , was an English portrait artist .
Lena Constante ( June 18 , 1909 -- November 2005 ) was a Romanian artist , essayist and memoirist , known for her work in stage design and tapestry .
Dino Shafeek ( born Gholam D. Shafeek , 21 March 1930 -- 10 March 1984 ) was a Bangladeshi actor and comedian based in the United Kingdom and the star or co - star of several popular English TV comedies during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Leo Schamroth ( 2 June 1924 , Belgium -- 24 May 1988 , Johannesburg ) was a South African cardiologist remembered for his work in electrocardiography and for describing Schamroth 's window test .
Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen ( Tibetan : འཇམ་དབྱངས་ཤ་ཀྱ་རྒྱལ་མཚན , Wylie : aJam dbyangs sha kya rgyal mts'an , 1340 - -1373 ) was a ruler of Central Tibet in 1364 - -1373 .
Danny Guinane ( 18 May 1911 -- 28 August 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ita Martadinata Haryono was an Indonesian human rights activist , who was murdered in 1998 , a case which is still unsolved .
John Ó Madadhan , Lord of Síol Anmchadha and Chief of the Name , died 1556 .
Riccardo Paletti ( 15 June 1958 -- 13 June 1982 ) was an Italian motor racing driver .
Anne Hamilton , Countess of Huntly ( c.1535 -- after 17 April 1574 ) , was a Scottish noblewoman and a member of the powerful Hamilton family which had a strong claim to the Scottish crown .
Peter Foulger ( His surname is often spelled `` Folger , '' which was the form used by his descendants ; 1617 - -1690 ) was a poet and an interpreter of the American Indian language for the first settlers of Nantucket .
Julius Anatolyevich Schrader , OP ( 28 October 1927 -- 24 August 1998 ) was a mathematician , cyberneticist , philosopher , and a convert to Roman Catholicism .
Leopold Quehl ( 1849 - -1922 , Halle an der Saale ) was a German amateur botanist who specialized in Cactaceae .
Deshabandu N. H. Keerthiratne ( 7 November 1902 - 15 November 1992 ) was a distinguished Sri Lankan politician , philanthropist , and Cabinet Minister of Posts and Broadcasting .
James Sandilands , 7th Lord Torphichen ( died 1753 ) was a Scottish nobleman and army officer , a loyalist of the 1715 Jacobite Rebellion .
Tiburzio di Maso ( executed 31 October 1460 ) was a leader of an anarchic faction in Rome that briefly attempted to restore the medieval commune of the city , the last attempt at populist government in the States of the Church .
John Poulett , 4th Earl Poulett KT ( 3 April 1756 -- 14 January 1819 ) , styled Viscount Hinton between 1764 and 1788 , was a British peer and militia officer .
John David Hennessey ( 1847 -- 31 July 1935 ) , also known as Rev. J. D. Hennessey and David Hennessey , journalist and author , was born in London and went to Australia in 1875 .
Sir Faithful Fortescue ( 1581?--1666 ) , was a royalist commander during the English Civil War .
Professor Charles Ernest Fay ( 1846 - -1931 ) was an American alpinist and educator .
Elizabeth Fetzer Bates ( 1909 - -1999 ) was a Latter - day Saint musician , most noted for being the author of the children 's song `` Book of Mormon Stories '' .
Emma Nicol ( 1800 -- 2 November 1877 ) was a British actress who became known for playing older women in Edinburgh as her mother had before her .
Henry Joseph Woodside ( 1858 - -November 8 , 1929 ) was a Canadian businessman , journalist , writer , and photographer .
Sir George Fleming , 2nd Baronet ( 1667 -- 2 July 1747 ) was a British churchman .
Grigory Dmitriyevich Stroganov ( Russian : Григорий Дмитриевич Строганов ) ( 1656 -- 21 November 1715 ) was a Russian landowner and statesman , the most notable member of the prominent Stroganov family in the late 17th century - early 18th century , a strong supporter of the reforms and initiatives of Peter the Great .
Herbert Welsh ( December 4 , 1851 -- 1941 ) was a United States political reformer and worker for the welfare of the indigenous peoples of North America .
James Henry Hurdis ( 1800 - 1857 ) was an amateur artist and the elder son of James Hurdis , a renowned professor of poetry .
Sir George Reeves - Smith ( 17 July 1863 -- 29 May 1941 ) was an English hotelier .
John L. Behler ( 1946 - -2006 ) was an American naturalist , herpetologist , author , and activist known for his work in conserving endangered species of turtles , snakes , and other reptiles .
Martha Stearns Marshall ( 1726 - -1754 ) was a Separate Baptist preacher in the Southern United States .
Al-'Abbas ibn ' Amr al - Ghanawi ( Arabic : العباس بن عمرو الغنوي‎ ) ( died 917 ) was a military commander and provincial governor for the Abbasid dynasty .
Saint Wulfric , otherwise Wulfric of Haselbury ( c.1080 ( ? ) --20 February 1154 ) was an anchorite and miracle worker in Wiltshire and Somerset , England , frequently visited by King Stephen .
Daniel Rees ( 8 February 1793 -- 13 June 1857 ) was a Welsh clergyman and hymnwriter .
Roger Rees ( 5 May 1944 -- 10 July 2015 ) was a Welsh actor and director , widely known for his stage work .
Pery Burge ( 1955 -- 10 February 2013 ) was an English artist who , during the 2000s , worked with abstract images using ink in water or ink on paper , invoking natural processes such as surface tension driven flow , gravity , turbulence , rotation and erosion .
Leonidas Kestekides ( 1876 - 1954 ) was a Greek chocolate manufacturer , founder of the internationally famous Leonidas company in Belgium .
Archie Sam ( 30 June 1914 -- 23 May 1986 ) was a Natchez - Cherokee - Muscogee Creek traditionalist , stomp dance leader , scholar , enrolled member of the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians , and the Sun Chief of the Natchez Nation .
Pamela Hinkson ( 19 November 1900 -- 26 May 1982 ) was an Anglo - Irish writer , the daughter of Katharine Tynan and barrister Henry Albert Hinkson ( 1865 - -1919 ) .
Beatrice Harrison ( 9 December 1892 -- 10 March 1965 ) was a British cellist active in the first half of the 20th century .
Sigismondo di Giovanni ( died 1540 ) was an Italian architect in Naples , Italy , working in the Renaissance style .
Richard Drake of Esher ( 1535 -- 11 July 1603 ) , was Equerry of the Stable and Groom of the Privy Chamber to Queen Elizabeth I. He also held office as a Member of Parliament and Justice of the Peace .
Zhao Jiliang ( 趙季良 ) ( d. 946 ) , courtesy name Dezhang ( 德彰 ) , was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Jin , Later Tang , and Later Shu , serving as a chancellor during Later Shu .
Shirley Fleming ( 1929 -- 10 March 2005 ) was an American music critic and editor .
Alice Magaw ( 1860 - -1928 ) was an American nurse known for her work on anesthesia .
Frederick Smeeton Williams ( 1829 -- 26 October 1886 ) was an English minister in the Congregational Church , best known for his books on the early history of UK railways .
Julius Schaub ( 20 August 1898 -- 27 December 1967 ) was the chief aide and adjutant to German dictator Adolf Hitler up until the dictator 's suicide on 30 April 1945 .
Rowland Detrosier , also Rowley Barnes , ( c. 1800 - 23 November 1834 ) was an English autodidact , radical politician , preacher and educator , particularly associated with Manchester .
Jules Cantini ( 1826 - -1916 ) was a French sculptor and philanthropist .
Manfred von Ardenne ( 20 January 1907 -- 26 May 1997 ) was a German research and applied physicist and inventor .
Eligius Pruystinck ( fl . 1525 -- 24 October 1544 ) was a Dutch slater who became leader of a radical Anabaptist faction in Antwerp .
Ratko Vujović ( 16 December 1916 -- 29 October 1977 ) was a Montenegrin political activist and soldier .
Evaristo Garbani - Nerini ( 26 October 1867 -- 16 February 1944 ) was Swiss politician and president of the Swiss National Council ( 1920/1921 ) .
John of Arkel or Jan van Arkel ( 1314 -- Liège , 1 July 1378 ) was a Bishop of Utrecht from 1342 to 1364 and Prince - Bishop of Liège from 1364 to 1378 .
John Hooker Leavitt ( 1831 - -1906 ) was an early banker and Iowa state senator who was born at Heath , Massachusetts , but who later moved westward to Iowa in search of fortune .
Albert Willimsky ( 29 December 1890 - -22 February 1940 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest active in resistance movement against the National Socialism , martyred in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp .
Robert Dundas of Arniston , the younger FRSE ( 1713 - -1787 ) was a Scottish judge .
Gladys Ewart ( 1892 -- 19 July 1957 ) was a Canadian pianist and music educator .
Nigoghos Sarafian ( Armenian : Նիկողոս Սարաֆեան , 1905 in Varna , Principality of Bulgaria - 1973 in Paris , France ) , was an Armenian writer , poet , editor , and journalist .
Mashel Teitelbaum ( 1921 - -1985 ) ( variant name Mashel Alexander Teitelbaum ) was a Canadian painter , born in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan in 1921 .
Johann Ulich , the younger ( Wittenberg , 1677-Zerbst , 1742 ) was a German organist and composer in Zerbst , and music teacher to the princely family .
Cao Xiu ( died 228 ) , courtesy name Wenlie , was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Arthur St Leger , 2nd Viscount Doneraile ( c. 1695 -- 13 March 1734 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Jasper Ridley ( 25 May 1920 -- 1 July 2004 ) was a British writer , known for historical biographies .
Giorgi Antsukhelidze ( Georgian : გიორგი ანწუხელიძე ; 18 August 1984 -- c. 9 - -10 August 2008 ) was a Georgian soldier who was killed during the hostilities in South Ossetia in the course of the Russia--
Stewart Mulvey ( May 1834 -- 26 May 1908 ) was a Canadian teacher , newspaper editor , militia officer , office holder and politician .
Ormonde Maddock Dalton ( 1866 - -1945 ) was a British museum curator and archaeologist .
Ángel Alcázar de Velasco ( Mondéjar , 1909 -- Galapagar , 2001 ) was an apprentice bullfighter , Falangist , journalist and spy .
Charles Fremont Dight ( 1856 - -1938 ) was medical professor and promoter of the human eugenics movement in Minnesota .
John Man ( 1512 - -1569 ) was an English churchman , college head , and diplomat .
Cerverí de Girona ( Catalan pronunciation : ( sərβəˈɾi ðə ʒiˈɾonə ) ) ( fl . 1259 - -1285 ) was a Catalan troubadour born Guillem de Cervera in Girona .
Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Morteza Hosseini Fayaz ( 9 April 1929 - 20 August 2014 , Arabic : السيد مرتضى الحسيني فياض ) was an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja .
Sir Thomas Jamieson Boyd DL FRSE ( 1818 - -1902 ) publisher and philanthropist , was Lord Provost of Edinburgh from 1877 to 1882 .
Nicolaus Copernicus ( /koʊˈpɜːrnɪkəs , kə-/ ; Polish : Mikołaj Kopernik ( miˈkɔwaj kɔˈpɛrɲik ) ; German : Nikolaus Kopernikus ; 19 February 1473 -- 24 May 1543 ) was a Renaissance mathematician and astronomer who formulated a model of the universe that placed the Sun rather than the Earth at the center of the universe .
Francis Jeffrey , Lord Jeffrey ( 23 October 1773 -- 26 January 1850 ) was a Scottish judge and literary critic .
James Cecil , 1st Marquess of Salisbury , KG PC ( 4 September 1748 -- 13 June 1823 ) , styled Viscount Cranborne until 1780 and known as The Earl of Salisbury between 1780 and 1789 , was a British politician .
Amy Catherine Walton ( 9 August 1849 -- 1939 ) , better known as Mrs O. F. Walton , was a British author of Christian children 's books , mainly but not exclusively fiction .
Yukhym Medvedev ( Ukrainian : Юхим Медведєв , Russian : Ефим Григорьевич Медведев ) ( 1 April 1886 - -7 June 1938 ) was the first elected chairman of the Soviet parliament in Ukraine .
Su Gang ( Chinese : 苏钢 ) ( 1920 - -2002 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Pirro Colonna ( 1500 -- November 1552 ) was an Italian military leader in the service of Charles V during the Italian War of 1542 .
Sir William Cameron Gull , 2nd Baronet OBE MP JP ( 6 January 1860 -- 15 December 1922 ) , known as Sir Cameron Gull , was a barrister and Liberal Unionist politician in England , who served for five years as a member of parliament ( MP ) .
Henry Collins Brown ( 1862 - 1961 ) was a Scottish - born New York historian , lecturer , and author .
Abel Pann ( 1883 - -1963 ) , born Abba Pfeffermann in Latvia or in Kreslawka , Vitebsk , Belarus , sources vary , was a European Jewish artist who spent most of his adult life in Jerusalem .
Hugh II , Count of Rethel ( died 1227 ) was a son of Manasses IV and his wife , Matilda of Kyrburg .
Otto Schmirgal ( 15 December 1900 -- 24 October 1944 ) was a German workman , politician , and a resistance fighter against the Nazi régime .
T. Abdul Rahman ( Malayalam : ടി. അബ്ദുല്‍ റഹ്‌മാന്‍ ) ( 1934 -- 15 December 2002 ) , popularly known as Olympian Rahman , was an Indian Olympian footballer from Kozhikode , Kerala .
Radie Britain ( 17 March 1899 -- 23 May 1994 ) was an American pianist , writer , music educator and composer .
Michel Marcel Navratil , Jr. ( 12 June 1908 -- 30 January 2001 ) was one of the last survivors of the sinking of Titanic on 15 April 1912 .
Binka Zhelyazkova ( Bulgarian : Бинка Желязкова , 15 July 1923 -- 31 July 2011 ) , was a Bulgarian film director who made films between the late 1950s and the 1990s .
Wei Shifang ( 韋什方 ) ( died 695 ) , also known as Wu Shifang ( 武什方 ) , was briefly a chancellor during Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty .
Ewart Smith OBE ( 1920 -- 1991 ) was an Australian public servant .
Đuraš Ilijić ( Serbian : Ђураш Илијић , fl . 1326 - -62 ) was a nobleman that served the Serbian monarchs Stefan Dečanski ( r. 1321 - -1331 ) , Stefan Dušan ( r. 1331 - -1355 ) and Uroš V ( r. 1355 - -1371 ) , from 1326 until his death in 1362 .
Alfredo Catalani ( 19 June 1854 -- 7 August 1893 ) was an Italian operatic composer .
Fra Damiano da Bergamo ( Damiano di Antoniolo de Zambelli ) ( circa 1480 - -1549 ) was an Italian artist and Dominican monk , mainly known for his wood - engraving and intarsia completed in a Renaissance style .
Annie Marion MacLean ( 1869 - -1934 ) was a pioneering American sociologist of the women 's Chicago School , and is sometimes referred to as the `` mother of contemporary ethnography . ''
Louisa Anne Meredith ( 20 July 1812 -- 21 October 1895 ) , also known as Louisa Anne Twamley , was an Anglo / Australian writer and illustrator .
Prince Luiz Gastão of Orléans - Braganza ( Portuguese : Príncipe Luiz Gastão Antônio Maria Filipe de Orleans e Bragança ; 19 February 1911 -- 8 September 1931 ) was a member of the House of Orléans - Braganza , and was descended from the Brazilian Imperial Family .
Julius Waring Walker , Jr. ( February 21 , 1927 -- December 5 , 2003 ) was an American diplomat and United States Ambassador to Upper Volta ( now Burkina Faso ) from 1981 to 1984 .
John Hilsey ( aka Hildesley or Hildesleigh ; died 4 August 1539 ) was an English Dominican , prior provincial of his order , then an agent of Henry VIII and his church reformation , and Bishop of Rochester .
Ishwor Ballav ( Nepali : ईश्वरबल्लभ , 11 July 1937 -- 22 March 2008 ) is one of the most influential Nepali poet .
Xu Jingcheng ( Chinese : 許景澄 ; 1845 -- 28 July 1900 ) was a Chinese diplomat and Qing politician supportive of the Hundred Days ' Reform .
Jędrzej Kitowicz ( 1727 or 1728 -- 3 April 1804 ) was a Polish historian and diarist .
André Kertész ( French : ( kɛʁtɛs ) ; 2 July 1894 -- 28 September 1985 ) , born Kertész Andor , was a Hungarian - born photographer known for his groundbreaking contributions to photographic composition and the photo essay .
Urtaku was an Elamite king who reigned from 676 - -664 BCE .
Luigi Lavitrano ( 7 March 1874 -- 2 August 1950 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Palermo from 1928 to 1944 , and as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious from 1945 until his death .
Dawit Amanuel ( 1862 -- 1944 ) is noted in Ethiopian and Eritrean church history as being the main translator of the New Testament in the Tigre language , published in 1902 .
Guy Byam - Corstiaens ( died 3 February 1945 ) was a British journalist and sailor .
Sir Samuel Roberts , 2nd Baronet JP ( 2 September 1882 -- 13 December 1955 ) was a British politician .
Zygmunt Milczewski ( 1 October 1905 -- 2 June 2001 ) was a Polish historian associated with Pomerania , a community leader in the Second Polish Republic , and World War II resistance fighter in the underground Home Army ( Armia Krajowa ) with the postwar rank of Lieutenant ( porucznik ) .
Johan Brautigam ( 18 May 1878 , Uithoorn - 24 June 1962 , Rotterdam ) was a Dutch trade unionist and politician .
Sidney Hunt ( 1896 - -1940 ) was a British draughtsman , painter , poet and editor who published the avant - garde journal Ray between 1926 and 1927 .
The Great Omani ( 10 July 1915 -- 15 October 2007 ) , real name Ronald Cunningham , was one of the oldest recorded escapologists and stuntmen .
Nicolae Secăreanu ( 12 July 1901 - 29 September 1992 ) was a well - known Romanian opera singer and actor .
Kang Mun - sok ( 1906 - 1955 ) was a Korean socialist activist during the Japanese occupation period and thereafter .
Dr. Jenő Hammersberg ( 14 March 1845 -- 20 February 1918 ) was a Hungarian politician and lawyer , who served as Crown Prosecutor of Hungary from 1896 to 1902 .
Carl Alexander Gibson - Hill ( 23 October 1911 - 18 August 1963 ) was a British medical doctor , naturalist , ornithologist and curator of Singapore 's Raffles Museum .
Samdup Taso ( b. 1928 ; d. 29 October 2011 , aged 83 ) was the last shaman to lead the indigenous Lepcha people of Sikkim ( now part of India ) in prayers to the mountain deity of Kanchenjunga , the world 's third - highest mountain peak .
Jin Au Kong ( Traditional Chinese : 孔金甌 ; Simplified Chinese : 孔金瓯 ) , ( 27 December 1942 -- 13 March 2008 ) was an American expert in applied electromagnetics .
Mary Lum Girard ( 1758 - -1815 ) Mary Lum ( otherwise known as Mary Girard ) is known for being the wife of banker , philanthropist and merchant millionaire Stephen Girard .
George Bugg ( 1769 - -1851 ) was an Anglican deacon and curate for several churches in England and a scriptural geologist who wrote a two volume book called Scriptural Geology .
Jacob Swoope ( ca . 1770 -- 1832 ) was an eighteenth and nineteenth century politician from Virginia .
Panagiotis Toundas ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Τούντας ; 1886 - -1942 ) was a Greek composer of the early 20th century .
Charles Yale Harrison ( 16 June 1898 - -17 March 1954 ) was a Canadian author and journalist , best known for his 1930 anti - war novella Generals Die in Bed .
Miriam Waddington ( née Dworkin , 23 December 1917 -- 3 March 2004 ) was a Canadian poet , short story writer and translator .
Sir Hugh Acland , 6th Baronet ( 26 January 1697 -- 29 July 1728 ) was the son of John Acland and Elizabeth Acland .
Hans Wolter ( 11 May 1911 -- 17 August 1978 ) was a German physicist who designed an aplanatic system of grazing incidence mirrors that satisfied the Abbe sine condition ( i.e. free of both spherical aberration and coma ) .
John Baskett ( 1664/5 -- 1742 ) , was the king 's printer .
Angus Robertson Fulton ( 1871 - -1958 ) was a Scottish Engineer and Academic who served as ' Interim ' Principal of University College Dundee for seven years .
William Watkiss Lloyd ( 11 March 1813 -- 22 December 1893 ) , was an English writer with an interest in fine art , architecture , archaeology , Shakespeare , and classical and modern languages and literature .
Arthur Tashko ( 1901 - 1994 ) was an Albanian born in Korçë , in the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire ( present - day Albania ) 10 April 1901 , an American modern painter , lawyer and musician .
John Long Wilson ( 1914 - -2001 ) was a medical professor and administrator at American University of Beirut , Lebanon , and at Stanford University .
Pedro Rodríguez de Castro ( fl . 1171 - -1191 ) , second son of Rodrigo Fernández de Castro the bald and Eylo Álvarez , daughter of Álvar Fáñez , and of the Countess Mayor Perez , was a Castilian ricohombre of the lineage of the Castro .
Ralph Corbie ( Corby , Corbington , at times Corrington ) ( 25 March 1598 - 7 September 1644 ) was an Irish Jesuit .
James Mure - Campbell , 5th Earl of Loudoun ( 11 February 1726 -- 28 April 1786 ) was a Scottish aristocrat and soldier .
Hoca Ishak Efendi ( Arta ca . 1774 -- Suez 1835 ) was an Ottoman mathematician and engineer .
Nop Bophann ( died 1959 ) was a Cambodian newspaper editor .
Sir Arthur Leycester Scott Coltman ( 24 May 1938 -- 2003 ) , known as Leycester Coltman , was the British ambassador to Cuba from 1991 to 1994 .
Rosina von Graben von Rain zu Sommeregg , also called Rosina von Rain ( 15th century -- 1534 ( ? ) ) was an Austrian noble woman descending from the House of Graben von Stein , a cadet branch of the Meinhardiner dynasty .
Bodil Katharine Biørn ( 27 May 1871 -- 22 July 1960 ) , also known as Mother Katharine , was a Norwegian missionary .
Radomiro Tomic Romero ( 7 May 1914 -- 3 January 1992 ) was a Chilean politician of Croatian origin .
Alfredo Malerba ( 24 September 1909 in Rosario - 9 January 1994 in Mexico ) was an Argentine pianist and musician , producer and screenwriter , with an illustrious career .
Christopher Kempster ( 1627 -- 1715 ) was an English master stonemason and architect who trained with Sir Christopher Wren , working on St Paul 's Cathedral .
Charles Abbott , 1st Baron Tenterden PC SL ( 7 October 1762 -- 4 November 1832 ) , was a British barrister and judge who served as Lord Chief Justice of the King 's Bench between 1818 and 1832 .
Enrico di Robilant ( 1924 - 10 October 2012 ) was an Italian philosopher of law .
John William Hayward ( 1844 - -1913 ) is a Newfoundland artist and inventor .
Zelimkhan Yaqub ( Azerbaijani : Zəlimxan Yaqub ; 21 January 1950 -- 9 January 2016 ) was an Azerbaijani poet .
Reginald of Burgundy ( died 1321 ) was Count of Montbéliard , jure uxoris , from 1282 to 1321 .
Luo Tong ( 193 - -228 ) , courtesy name Gongxu , was an official serving under the warlord Sun Quan in the late Eastern Han dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period .
John Alcindor ( 8 or 9 July 1873 - -25 October 1924 ) was a physician from Trinidad who settled in London .
Giovanni Battista Crosato ( 1686 - July 15 , 1758 ) was an Italian painter of quadratura , active in the 18th - century in Piedmont .
William Frederick Bailey PC ( 9 February 1857 -- 16 April 1917 ) , was an Irish lawyer and writer .
Henry John Hatch ( 1818 - -1895 ) was a British clergyman who was sent to prison for the indecent assault of two female children in his care .
Emily Inez Denny ( December 23 , 1853 - August 23 , 1918 ) was a painter who drew scenes from Seattle 's early history .
Francesco Antonio Franzoni ( 1734 - -1818 ) was an Italian sculptor and restorer .
Adolf Froelich ( December 24 , 1887 -- November 1943 ) was a Polish inventor , dentist and participant in the Polish - Soviet War .
Leib Glantz ( Yiddish : לייב גלאנץ‎ ; June 1 , 1898 - January 27 , 1964 ) was a Ukrainian - born lyrical tenor cantor ( chazzan ) , Composer , Musicologist of Jewish music , Writer , Educator and Zionist leader .
Richard Ullerston DD ( died August or September 1423 ) was a Vice - Chancellor and Chancellor of Oxford University .
Hugo Fredrik Hjorthøy ( 9 May 1741 -- 29 August 1812 ) was a Norwegian priest and topographer .
Leo Francis ( 4 December 1922 -- 13 December 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Byers Huling ( 1804 -- 1865 ) , was a businessman who , along with Henry Millard and Joseph Pulsifer , helped lay out the original plans for Beaumont , Texas .
Thomas Rackett ( 1757 - -1841 ) was an English clergyman , known as an antiquary .
Luis Napoleón Morones ( 1890 -- 1964 ) was a Mexican union boss who served as secretary general of the Regional Confederation of Mexican Workers ( Confederación Regional Obrera Mexicana , CROM ) and as secretary of economy under President Plutarco Elías Calles , 1924 - 1928 .
Yacoub Artin ( 15 April 1842 - 21 January 1919 ) was an Ethnic Armenian educator and scholar working in Egypt .
Manuel Saumell Robredo ( 19 April 1818 -- 14 August 1870 ) , was a Cuban composer known for his invention and development of genuinely creolized forms of music .
Nilamani Routray ( Odia : ନୀଳମଣି ରାଉତରାୟ ) ( 24 May 1920 -- 4 October 2004 ) was an Indian politician and the Chief Minister of Odisha from 1977 to 1980 .
Per Tommy Jansson ( 2 October 1952 -- 20 May 1976 ) was a motorcycle speedway rider .
Hartmann von An der Lan - Hochbrunn , O.F.M. , ( 21 December 1863 & nsp ; 6 December 1914 ) was an Austrian Friar Minor and Catholic priest , who worked as a composer , organist and conductor .
Pietro Bonato ( 1765 - -1820 ) was an Italian painter and engraver of the Baroque .
Velmer A. Fassel ( 26 April 1919 -- 4 March 1998 ) was an American chemist who developed the inductively coupled plasma ( ICP ) and demonstrated its use as ion source for mass spectrometry .
Alexander Fry ( 10 September 1821 , Pencraig , Herefordshire −1905 ) was an English entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Allen Hiram Curtiss ( 1845 - -1907 ) was a noted botanist in the United States .
Ruth L. Kirschstein , M.D. ( 12 October 1926 -- 6 October 2009 ) was a pathologist and science administrator at the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) .
Gudō Toshoku ( 1577 - -1661 ) was a Japanese Rinzai school zen monk from the early Tokugawa period .
Harry K. Harring ( 1871 - -1928 ) was a zoologist specializing in the study of Rotatoria .
Hiltrud ( died 754 ) , was a Duchess consort of Bavaria .
Karol Langner ( June 28 , 1843 in Deutsch Piekar in Oberschlesien ( today Piekary Śląskie ) -- January 1912 in Negaunee , Michigan ) was a Polish priest and schoolmate of Jan Pitass .
Ernest François Guillaux , ( 24 January 1883 -- 21 May 1917 ) , better known by his adopted name Maurice Guillaux , was a French aviator who spent seven months in Australia in 1914 .
James Fillans ( 27 March 1808 -- 27 September 1852 ) was a Scottish sculptor , poet and artist with a short but influential career in the early 19th century .
Thomas Gardyne of Middleton and Finavon ( 1780 - -1841 ) was a Scottish laird and founder of the village of Friockheim in Angus , Scotland .
Antonio Salamanca or Martinez de Salamanca ( Salamanca , 1479 - Rome , 1562 ) was a Spaniard who settled in Rome and was active as a book - seller , publisher and engraver .
Konstantinos Triaridis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Τριαρίδης ; c. 1937 -- 27 June 2012 ) was a Greek politician who served as Minister for Macedonia - Thrace from 1993 to 1996 .
Alonso de Benavides ( Portuguese : Afonso de Benavides ) ( c.1578 - 1635 ) was a Portuguese Franciscan missionary active in New Mexico , in the early part of the seventeenth century .
Michael Marlow ( died 1828 ) was an academic administrator at the University of Oxford and an Anglican priest .
Clement Charlton Palmer ( 1871 - 1944 ) was an cathedral organist , who served at Canterbury Cathedral .
Major - General Sir Robert Rollo Gillespie ( 21 January 1766 -- 31 October 1814 ) was an officer in the British army .
Gustavo Re ( 4 July 1908 - 5 June 1979 ) was an Italian actor who mainly worked in Spain .
Flavius Claudius Constantius Gallus ( ca . 325/326 - -354 ) , commonly known as Constantius Gallus , was a member of the Constantinian dynasty and Caesar of the Roman Empire ( 351 - -354 ) .
Richard Spurr ( 1800 - -1855 ) was an English cabinet maker and lay preacher who was imprisoned for his part in leading the political movement Chartism .
Sean Hales ( 30 March 1880 -- 7 December 1922 ) was an Irish political activist and member of Dáil Eireann in the early 20th century .
Víctor Cabedo Carda ( 15 June 1989 -- 19 September 2012 ) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist .
Basil Christopher Butler , OSB ( 7 May 1902 -- 20 September 1986 ) was a convert from the Church of England to the Roman Catholic Church .
Bartolomé Ruiz ( Moguer , Spain c. 1482 - Cajamarca , Peru c. 1532 ) was a Spanish conquistador .
Abu Yahya ibn Abd al - Haqq ( died 1258 ? ) was a Marinid ruler .
Reinhold Wilhelm Buchholz ( 2 October 1837 , Frankfurt an der Oder -- 17 April 1876 ) was a German zoologist who made contributions in the fields of herpetology , carcinology and ichthyology .
Ransom Cook ( 1794 -- 1881 ) was an inventor who lived much of his life in Saratoga Springs , New York .
Banke Chamar was a freedom fighter who died for his actions in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
Reuben Atwater , also known as Reuben Attwater , ( May 11 , 1768 -- February 1831 ) was the Secretary of Michigan Territory and served as acting governor during 1811 - -1812 .
John Joe McGee ( died 2002 , Dundalk , County Louth , Ireland ) was an IRA volunteer who was formerly in the British Special Boat Service .
Donn mac Cumasgach , King of Maigh Seóla ? , died 752 .
Dr Reginald Spencer Ellery ( 1897 - 1955 ) , was a pioneer in the practice of psychiatry in Melbourne , Australia .
Dora Birtles ( 1903 - -1992 , née Toll ) , was an Australian novelist , short - story writer , poet and travel writer .
John Dobbie ( died 1952 ) was a popular Australian actor of theatre and film .
Francisco da Costa Gomes , ComTE , GOA ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku dɐ ˈkɔʃtɐ ˈɡomɨʃ ) ; 30 June 1914 , in Chaves -- 31 July 2001 , in Lisbon , Lapa ) was a Portuguese military officer and politician , the 15th President of the Portuguese Republic ( the second after the Carnation Revolution ) .
John Hudson Thomas ( 1878 - 1945 ) was an American architect who practiced in the northern California area .
Christopher Tancred ( 8 April 1659 -- 22 November 1705 ) , of Whixley in Yorkshire , was Member of Parliament for Aldborough from 1689 to 1698 .
Mary Morison or Mary Morrison ( 1771 -- 29 June 1791 ) , may have been the `` lovely Mary Morison '' , whom the poet Robert Burns admired as a girl of sixteen .
Dorothy Lonewolf Miller ( 1920 - 2003 ) was a Blackfoot activist from Iowa .
Vernon March died of pneumonia at age 38 on 11 June 1930 in Farnborough , Kent , England .
Sascha Jacobsen ( Helsinki , Finland , 11 December ( O.S. 29 November ) 1895 -- Los Angeles , California , 19 March 1972 ) was a Jewish - American violinist and teacher born in Russia , now Finland .
Mostafa Khomeini ( 12 December 1930 - -23 October 1977 ) was an Iranian cleric and the son of Ayatollah Khomeini .
John Latton ( 1484/1485 - -1548 ) , of the Inner Temple , London and Upton in Berkshire ( now Oxfordshire ) , was an English politician .
Arild Feldborg ( 18 April 1912 -- 26 October 1987 ) was a Norwegian playwright , revue writer , script writer , humorist and broadcasting person .
Thierry Manoncourt ( September 1917 , -- 27 August 2010 ) was a French winery owner of the Grand Cru estate Château Figeac in Bordeaux , and for many decades a major figure of Bordeaux and the Saint - Émilion appellation .
William Croome ( 1790 - -1860 ) was an American illustrator and wood engraver in the 19th century .
Derek Deadman ( 11 March 1940 -- 22 November 2014 ) was a British character actor who appeared in numerous British films and television series over a 40-year period .
Abu Yaqub al - Masri also known as Zakkariya ( The Doctor ) and labeled `` The Emir of Taji '' ( died 31 August 2007 ) was the organizer of the 23 November 2006 Sadr City bombings .
Lieutenant General Sir John Jarvis Bisset KCMG , CB ( 25 December 1819 - 25 March 1894 ) was a British Army officer who became colonel of the 106th Regiment of Foot .
Albert Edward Jones ( 1878 - 1954 ) was an English silversmith and designer .
John Aynsley ( 1823 -- 7 February 1907 ) was an English potter who established the Portland Works in Longton , Staffordshire .
Jacques Van Melkebeke ( 12 December 1904 -- 8 June 1983 ) was a Belgian painter , journalist , writer , and comic strip writer .
Edward North , 1st Baron North ( c. 1496 - -1564 ) was an English peer and politician .
Hersleb Vogt ( 20 May 1912 -- 9 November 1999 ) was a Norwegian diplomat .
Allen Tough ( 1936 -- 27 April 2012 ) was a Canadian educator and researcher .
George Webb Slaughter ( 1811 - -1895 ) was an American Baptist minister , cattle breeder and drover , and rancher in Texas .
Hugo Sánchez Portugal ( 15 June 1984 -- 8 November 2014 ) was a Mexican footballer and sports commentator with Televisa Deportes .
John E. Richards was an associate justice of the California Supreme Court from 1924 until 1932 .
Charles Bennet , 1st Earl of Tankerville KT PC ( 1674 -- 21 May 1722 ) , known as The Lord Ossulston between 1695 and 1714 , was a British peer .
Kay Dick ( 29 July 1915 -- 19 October 2001 ) was an English journalist , writer , novelist and autobiographer , who sometimes wrote under the name Edward Lane .
James Thayer Addison ( 1887 - -1953 ) was an American Episcopalian teacher and writer .
David William Ramsay ( 1943 - 2008 ) was a Canadian lawyer and judge notorious for being sent to prison for sexual assault on minors , some of whom appeared before him in court .
Elizabeth Seymour , Duchess of Somerset and suo jure Baroness Percy ( 26 January 1667 -- 24 November 1722 ) was a great heiress .
William Jane ( 1645 - -1707 ) was an English academic and clergyman , Regius Professor of Divinity at Oxford from 1680 .
Willard Cochrane ( 1914 - 2012 ) was an agricultural economist and a leading architect of farm policy in the United States .
Hayyim Mordecai Margolioth ( mid-18th century - 1818 ) ( Hebrew : חיים מרדכי מרגליות ) was a Polish rabbi , brother of Ephraim Solomon Margolioth .
Demeter Hunyadi ( 1579 - -1592 ) was a Hungarian Unitarian .
Franz Kessler ( c. 1580 - -1650 ) was a portrait painter , scholar , inventor and alchemist living in the Holy Roman Empire during the 16th and 17th centuries .
Reba Rakshit ( Bengali : রেবা রক্ষিত ) ( - 2010 ) was an Indian bodybuilder and exponent of yoga who performed astonishing feats .
François Rauber ( 19 January 1933 -- 14 December 2003 ) was a French pianist , composer , arranger and conductor known for his works with chansonnier Jacques Brel .
Francesco Caetani , 8th Duke of Sermoneta , ( 11 March 1613 -- 9 October 1683 ) was an Italian nobleman .
Sven Ingemar Ljungh , also spelled Liungh ( 5 June 1757 , Björkö , Jönköping County - 12 September 1828 , Bälaryd , Jönköping County ) was a Swedish civil servant , naturalist and collector .
Alec John Dawson ( 1872 - 3 February 1951 ) , generally known as A. J. Dawson ( pseudonyms Major Dawson , Howard Kerr , Nicholas Freydon ) was an English author , traveller and novelist .
Reuven Dov Dessler ( 1863 - -1935 ) was a rabbinic leader of the Musar movement and the director of the Kelm Talmud Torah from 1918 until 1931 .
Sir Israel Brodie KBE ( 10 May 1895 , Newcastle -- 13 February 1979 ) was the Chief Rabbi of Great Britain and the Commonwealth 1948 - -1965 .
Marek Żuławski ( 13 April 1908 in Rome -- 30 March 1985 in London ) , was a painter and graphic artist , son of Jerzy Żuławski .
Stanisław Zając ( Polish pronunciation : ( staˈɲiswav ˈzajɔnts ) , 1 May 1949 -- 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish lawyer and politician .
Owen Morgan , also known by his bardic name Morien ( 1836 -- 16 December 1921 ) was a Welsh journalist , historian and writer of books on the subject of neo - druidism .
Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero ( Sinhalese : මාදුළුවාවේ සෝභිත හිමි ; 29 May 1942 -- 8 November 2015 ) was an influential Sinhalese Buddhist monk regarded by many , a nonviolent revolutionary .
Nicholas Georgiadis CBE ( 14 September 1923 -- 10 March 2001 ) was a Greek painter , stage and costume designer , best known for his work in ballet , particularly in collaboration with Kenneth MacMillan .
Frederick Theobold ( 1 February 1839 -- 5 January 1888 ) was an English cricketer who played for Kent .
George Abram Miller ( 31 July 1863 -- 10 February 1951 ) was an early group theorist whose many papers and texts were considered important by his contemporaries , but are now mostly considered only of historical importance .
Charles Hubert de Castella ( 27 March 1825 -- 30 October 1907 ) was a Swiss - Australian writer , artist and winemaker .
Lee Huan ( Chinese : 李煥 ; pinyin : Lǐ Huàn ; 24 September 1917 -- 2 December 2010 ) was a politician in the Republic of China .
George Noble Jones ( 1811 - -1876 ) was an American wealthy southern plantation owner who owned the El Destino Plantation and Chemonie Plantation .
Bjarne Gran ( 23 February 1918 -- 14 December 1992 ) was a Norwegian journalist , historian and literary consultant .
Balthasar Oomkens von Esens ( died 1540 ) was an East Frisian nobleman who died during the siege of his castle in Esens by the Bremen army .
James Charles Cox ( 21 July 1834 -- 29 September 1912 ) was an Australian physician and conchologist .
Pope Timothy II of Alexandria ( died 477 ) , also known as Αἴλουρος/Aelurus ( from Greek cat because of his small build or in this case probably `` weasel '' ) , succeeded twice in supplanting the Chalcedonian Patriarch of Alexandria .
George Strachan died on 29 December 1901 , at Middelburg , Transvaal , South Africa .
Elisabeth Plainacher , or Elsa Plainacher ( 1513 -- 27 September 1583 ) , was an alleged Austrian witch .
Juan Rodríguez Botas ( 1880 - -1917 ) is considered the first Canarian impressionist .
Paul Feiler ( 30 April 1918 -- 8 July 2013 ) was a German - born artist who was a prominent member of the St Ives School of art : he has pictures hanging in major art galleries across the world .
Frances Fabri , born Sárika Ladányi ( 22 September 1929 -- 9 January 2006 ) , was a Hungarian - born author and Holocaust survivor .
Jiang Shaoji ( simplified Chinese : 江绍基 ; traditional Chinese : 江紹基 ; pinyin : Jiāng Shàojī ; 1919 - -1995 ) was a Chinese internist and gastroenterologist .
Colonel John James Mellor ( 12 August 1830 -- 12 January 1916 ) was a British industrialist and Conservative politician .
John Maltravers , 1st Baron Maltravers ( 1290?--1365 ) was an English nobleman and soldier .
Teofil Pożyczka ( 1912 -- c. 1974 ) was a Polish pilot during World War II . He served as technical officer in the Centralne Warsztaty Lotnicze ( Central Aerial Works ) in the Polish September Campaign of 1939 .
George Rainsford Fairbanks ( 1820 - 1906 ) was a lawyer , Clerk of the Circuit Court , Florida State Senator , president of Florida Fruit Growers Association and the Florida Fruit Exchange ; editor of the Florida Mirror ; the author of books on Florida history ; and the founder and president of Florida Historical Society .
Friedrich Wilhelm , Prince of Wied ( German : Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich Konstantin Fürst von Wied ; 2 June 1931 -- 28 August 2000 ) was the grandson of William Frederick , 6th Prince of Wied .
Samuel Juster , AIA , ( February 12 , 1896 -- May 1982 ) was a minor American architect who practiced in mid-20th - century New York and New Jersey .
Michalis Oikonomou ( also Mihalis Ikonomou or Michael Economou ; Greek : Μιχάλης Οικονόμου , 1888 - -1933 ) was a Greek impressionist painter .
Airlangga ( also spelled Erlangga ) , regnal name Rakai Halu Sri Lokeswara Dharmawangsa Airlangga Anantawikramottunggadewa ( born 991 in Bali , Indonesia -- died 1049 in Java ) , was the only raja of the Kingdom of Kahuripan .
Tine Bryld ( née Begtrup ; 18 December 1939 -- 21 April 2011 ) was a social worker , writer , radio personality and editor of letter to the editor pages .
Syed Zahoor Shah Hashmi ( Urdu : سید ظہور شاہ ہاشمی‎ ) ( 21 April 1926 -- 4 March 1978 ) , known as Syed Hashmi ( سید ہاشمی ) , was an academic , poet , writer , and philosopher in Pakistan who is widely regarded as having inspired the Balochi literature .
John Minshull aka Minchin ( born c.1741 ; died 23 October 1793 at Kingston upon Thames , Surrey ) was a famous English cricketer during the 1770s .
John Hatchell PC ( 1788 - -1870 ) was an Irish lawyer and politician .
John Plumb ( 6 February 1927 -- 6 April 2008 ) was an English abstract painter who emerged in Britain after World War II . Plumb was born in Luton , and he went to the Byam Shaw School in London at the age of 20 .
Jonathan H. Carter ( died 1887 ) was a North Carolina - born planter , sailor , and Confederate States of America gunboat builder .
Lisbetha Olsdotter ( died November 1679 ) was a Swedish woman , who was executed on a number of different charges after having dressed as a man , served as a soldier and married a woman .
Hans Neusidler ( also Neusiedler , Newsidler ) ( c.1508 -- 2 February 1563 ) , was a German composer and lutenist of the Renaissance .
Paolo Andreani ( 27 May 1763 -- 11 May 1823 ) was an Italian who made the first balloon flight over Italian soil .
Alleppey Sheriff , also known as A. Sheriff ( 1940 -- 2 December 2015 ) , was an Indian film script writer and director in Malayalam movies .
Richard Q. Yardley ( 1903 - 1979 ) was an editorial cartoonist for The Baltimore Sun , Maryland , United States .
Filippo Gherardi ( 1643 - -1704 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Misbaholdiwan Adab was the pen name of Kurdish poet Abd - Allah Beg b. Ahmed Beg Babamiri , ( 1860 - -1918 ) , also known by his title Misbah al - Diwan .
Damkhat Reachea ( died 1508 ) was a Cambodian king and emperor , Thomuro Reachea uncle 's successor , which is known relatively few on his life .
Fernand Dehousse ( French : ( də.us ) ; 3 July 1906 -- 10 August 1976 ) was a Belgian politician .
Viredo Espinosa ( 1928 - 2012 ) was a Cuban Abstract Expressionist artist .
Habib Ali Kiddie ( December 7 , 1929 -- 1987 ) was a Pakistani field hockey player from 1950 to 1964 .
John Arthur Phillips FRS , FCS ( 18 February 1822 -- 5 January 1887 ) was a British geologist , metallurgist , and mining engineer .
Stefano Ronchetti - Monteviti ( 1814 - -1882 ) was an Italian composer , music educator , and college administrator .
Æthelric I ( died 1038 ) was an Anglo - Saxon Bishop of Selsey .
Charlie Dibbs ( 3 April 1905 -- 22 November 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Collingwood Magpies in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1920s and 30s .
Raúl Borges Requena ( 4 February 1882 -- 24 November 1967 ) was a renowned Venezuelan pedagogue , guitarist and composer .
Luis Arístides Fiallo Cabral ( 8 May 1876 -- Santo Domingo , 20 March 1931 ) was a scientist ( astronomer , medical laboratory scientist ) , physician , lawyer , architect , writer , philosopher and politician from the Dominican Republic .
Henry Rutgers Marshall ( 22 July 1852 -- 3 May 1927 ) was an American architect and psychologist .
Frederick Victor Dickins ( 1838 - -1915 ) was a British surgeon , barrister , orientalist and university administrator .
Magda Cordell McHale ( née Lustigova ) ( June 24 , 1921 in Hungary -- February 21 , 2008 in Sloan ( near Buffalo ) , New York ) was an artist , futurist , and educator .
Charlie Sneddon ( 10 June 1930 -- 1992 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre half .
Sir John Delamare ( c. 1320 -- 1383 ) was a knight at the court of King Edward III of England and the builder of Nunney Castle in Somerset .
Thanh Hải died because of cirrhosis on 15 December 1980 at Huế city .
Arturo Chini Ludueña ( name also spelled Artur Quini Ludueña ; born October 21 , 1904 in Cañada de Gómez ; died in 1993 ) was an Argentine professional football player .
Maniram Dutta Baruah , popularly known as Maniram Dewan ( Assamese : মণিৰাম দেৱান ) ( 17 April 1806 -- 26 February 1858 ) , was an Assamese nobleman in British India .
Sir George Bracewell Smith , 2nd Bt MBE , always called Guy Bracewell Smith , ( 12 December 1912 -- 18 September 1976 ) , was a City of London business man who owned the Ritz Hotel and several others .
Benjamin Thorpe ( 1782 -- 19 July 1870 ) was an English scholar of Anglo - Saxon .
Mary Treadgold ( 16 April 1910 -- 14 May 2005 ) was a British author of books for children and adults , a literary editor and a BBC producer .
Thomas Middlemore ( 1842 -- 16 May 1923 ) was an English mountaineer who made multiple first ascents during the silver age of alpinism .
Marko Cheremshyna ( Ukrainian : Марко Черемшина ) ( other name : Ivan Semaniuk , Іван Семанюк ) , ( born 13 June 1874 in Kobaky , Galicia ; died 25 April 1927 in Kobaky ) was a Ukrainian writer of Hutsul background .
Paul Grebner ( Latin : Grebnerus ) ( fl . 1560 - -1590 ) was a German schoolteacher , and writer of a celebrated prophecy .
Joannes Burmeister ( 1576 - -1638 ) was a Neo - Latin poet laureate of the German Baroque period , famed for his Christian adaptations of the classical Roman poets Martial and Plautus .
Makkikha II was Patriarch of the Church of the East from 1257 until his death in 1265 .
Sir Walter Yonge , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1625 -- 21 November 1670 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1660 and 1670 .
Matthew Pitt ( died 18 April 1624 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622 .
August Wiltberger ( 17 April 1850 -- 2 December 1928 ) , was a German royal music director , composer and professor at a teachers ' seminary .
Robert Sibthorpe or Sibthorp ( died 1662 ) was an English clergyman who gained notoriety during the reign of King Charles I of England for his outspoken defense of the divine right of kings .
George Douglass Sherley ( 1857 - -1917 ) was an author , journalist , and poet .
Arieh Dulzin ( pronounced : Dulchin ; Hebrew : אריה דולצ'ין‎ , 1913 - -1989 ) was a Zionist activist who served as a Minister without Portfolio in the Israeli government between December 1969 and August 1970 , though he was never a member of the Knesset .
Yitzhaq Shami ( Hebrew : יצחק שמי‎ ) ( August 4 , 1888 -- March 1949 ) was a Hebrew writer , one of the earliest modern Hebrew literature writers in Palestine , prior to Israeli statehood .
John Frederick Perkins ( 5 May 1910 , in Paignton , Devon -- 14 May 1983 ) was an English entomologist .
Alexander Kircher ( 26 February 1867 -- 16 September 1939 ) was an Austrian - German marine- and landscape painter and an illustrator .
Elder John Crandall ( 1618 - 1676 ) was a Baptist minister from England and one of the founding settlers of Westerly , Rhode Island .
Dhanaji Jadhav ( 1650 - -1708 ) was a warrior of the Maratha Empire .
Major Sir Charles James Buchanan , 4th Baronet ( 16 April 1899 -- 1984 ) was High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire in 1962 .
Charles Muir Campbell died 12 October 1874 from kidney stones and is buried at Block 7 , Lot 261 , of the famous Oak Ridge Cemetery , not far from his friend , Abraham Lincoln .
Amalendu Guha ( 30 January 1924 -- 7 May 2015 ) was a historian , economist and poet from Assam , India .
Emilio Villalba Welsh ( died 7 September 1992 ) was a prolific Argentine screenwriter .
Elizabeth Laurenson Simpson ( 1916 - -1996 ) , better known as Sloan Simpson , was a fashion consultant , TV / radio personality , fashion model , and actor .
Lina Marín ( born Felipa Cartas Orozco ; died in 1989 ) was a Mexican actress who participated in both American and Mexican films .
Trine Krogh ( 18 January 1955 -- 3 May 2014 ) was a Norwegian swimmer .
George Cotes ( or Cotys ) ( died 1556 ) was an English Catholic bishop .
Anne Elizabeth Ball ( 1808 - -1872 ) was an Irish botanist , amateur algologist , and botanical illustrator .
Pierre Pavillon ( 1612 - 1670 ) was a French architect and sculptor .
Eva Fong Chang ( 1897 - -1991 ) was a Chinese and Native American painter who was one of the first Asian American Women to widely exhibit in the United States .
Len Harvey ( 11 July 1907 -- 28 November 1976 ) was an English boxer .
Alexander Grant McLean ( 1824 -- 28 September 1862 ) was a Surveyor General of New South Wales , ( then a colony , now a state of Australia ) .
Helen Deutsch ( 21 March 1906 -- 15 March 1992 ) was an American screenwriter , journalist and songwriter .
Chuni Lal Katial ( 1898 -- 1978 ) was a South Asian doctor and politician , who became the first UK 's South Asian mayor , after being elected mayor of Finsbury in 1938 .
Felipe Seade ( 1912 -- 18 January 1969 ) was a painter and teacher of Lebanese descent who spent most of his life in Uruguay .
Hugh Dunbar ( 27 June 1903 -- 17 July 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Kendal Flanagan ( 19 ? ? -- 27 November 1999 ) was an Australian film and television director in regular employment from the late 1970s .
Frans Ackerman ( born c. 1330 , Ghent -- 22 July 1387 , Ghent ) , sometimes given as Franz , Francis or French Ackerman , was one of the most famous Flemish statesmen of the 14th century .
Monica Baldwin ( 1893 - -1975 ) was a British writer , a niece of British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin , who was a canoness regular for 28 years .
Lucile Garner , later Lucile Garner Grant , ( 1910 - 2013 ) was Canada 's first flight attendant .
Oronhyatekha ( 10 August 1841 -- 3 March 1907 ) , ( `` Burning Sky '' or `` Burning Cloud '' in the Mohawk language , also carried the baptismal name Peter Martin ) , was a Mohawk physician , scholar , and a unique figure in the history of British colonialism .
Jacob Lampert ( 1856 , London - 1921 , St. Louis , Missouri ) was a wealthy cigar manufacturer based in St. Louis , Missouri .
Judith Meuli ( 1938 - 2007 ) was an American feminist activist and scientist .
Maxwell Finland ( March 15 , 1902 -- October 25 , 1987 ) was an American scientist , medical researcher , an expert on infectious diseases .
António de Almeida Santos , GCL ( 15 February 1926 -- 18 January 2016 ) , was a Portuguese lawyer , politician and government minister .
Knud Nellemose ( 12 March 1908 , Copenhagen -- 14 January 1997 , Copenhagen ) was a prolific Danish sculptor who is remembered for his figures of sportsmen and his statues of famous Danes .
Lawrence Fletcher ( died 1608 ) was a Jacobean actor , and man of mystery .
Edmond Albanach de Burgh , 1st Mac William Íochtar , born before 1315 , died 1375 .
Friedrich Ruthardt ( 9 December 1802 -- 23 May 1862 ) was a German oboist and composer .
Dick Joice ( 1921 in Great Ryburgh , Norfolk -- 1999 ) was a British regional television presenter renowned in the East of England for his Anglia Television programmes - particularly the Bygones show that ran from 1967 for twenty years .
Reverend Henry Weston Smith ( Preacher Smith ) ( b. January 10 , 1827 in Ellington , Connecticut -- died August 20 , 1876 between Deadwood and Crook City , South Dakota ) was an early resident of Deadwood , South Dakota .
Richard Handcock , 2nd Baron Castlemaine ( 14 May 1767 -- 18 April 1840 ) , known as Richard Handcock until 1839 , was an Irish peer and politician .
Edward Pytts ( 1606 - 3 November 1672 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660 .
Walter Hawken Tregellas ( 1831 - -1894 ) , miscellaneous writer , born at Truro , Cornwall , UK on 10 July 1831 , was a professional draughtsman and writer of historical , biographical and other works .
Colin Blythe ( born 30 May 1879 , Deptford --died 8 November 1917 , Belgium ) , also known as Charlie Blythe , was a Kent and England left arm spinner who is regarded as one of the finest bowlers of the period between 1900 and 1914 -- sometimes referred to as the `` Golden Age '' of cricket .
James Augustine Power ( 14 September 1903 -- 9 February 1975 ) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and a lawyer .
Blessed Victoria Díez Bustos de Molina ( Seville , 11 November 1903 - Hornachuelos , 12 August 1936 ) was a Spanish teacher and lay religious woman .
Pál Engel ( 27 February 1938 -- 21 August 2001 ) was a Hungarian medivealist historian and archivist , member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Sir Hans Adolf Krebs ( English /krɛbz/ or /krɛps/ ) ( 25 August 1900 -- 22 November 1981 ) was a German - born British physician and biochemist .
Robert Jay Wolff ( 1905 - -1978 ) was an early pioneer of the American abstract art . His paintings are in the collections of the Brooklyn Museum and the Guggenheim .
Sir ( William Owen ) Campbell Adamson ( 26 June 1922 -- 21 August 2000 ) was a British industrialist who was best known for his work as Director - General of the Confederation of British Industry from 1969 to 1976 .
André Chave ( 1799 - 1868 ) was a French landowner and real estate developer in Marseille .
Simin Behbahani ( Persian : سیمین بهبهانی‎‎ ; 20 June 1927 -- 19 August 2014 ) was a prominent Iranian contemporaneity poet , lyricist and activist .
Edward Slow ( 1841 -- 16 February 1925 ) was a poet born in Wilton , Wiltshire , England .
Felipe Herrera ( 17 June 1922 -- 17 September 1996 ) was a Chilean economist , lawyer , academic and political socialist .
Ismael Montes Gamboa ( 5 October 1861 -- 16 October 1933 ) was a Bolivian general and political figure .
Ramavtar Tyagi , popularly known as `` Tyagi '' ( 17 March 1925 - 12 April 1985 ) was a Hindi poet .
Jesús Sanoja Hernández ( Tumeremo , Bolívar state 27 June 1930 - Caracas , 9 June 2007 ) , was a Venezuelan journalist , historian and writer , who authored Entre golpes y revoluciones ( 2007 ) .
Sultan Ahmed Mirza was the eldest son of Abu Sa'id Mirza on whose death he became the Timurid ruler of Samarkand and Bukhara from 1469 till 1494 .
Edmund Petty ( c. 1621 -- 1661 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Edith Halpert or Edith Gregor Halpert ( née Edith Gregoryevna Fivoosiovitch ( Fein ) ) ( 1900 - -1970 ) was a pioneering New York City dealer of Modern art . Halpert brought recognition and market success to many avant - garde American artists over her forty - year career from 1926 through the 1960s .
Elisabeth of Świdnica ( ca . 1315 -- 8/9 February 1348 ) was a member of the Piast dynasty in the Świdnica - Jawor branch and by marriage Duchess of Opole .
Alejandro Scopelli Casanova ( 12 May 1908 -- 23 October 1987 ) was an Italian Argentine football player and coach .
Deborahe Glasgow ( 1965 -- 25 January 1994 ) was an English Lovers rock singer of Guyanese parentage , who was active from the late 1970s to the beginning of the 1990s .
Pierre Gadoys ( c. 1594 -- October 1667 ) is recognized as the first farmer at Montreal .
Margaret Maddocks , née Margaret Kathleen Avern ( 10 August 1906 -- October 1993 ) , was a British writer of 17 gothic and romance novels .
Dr. Paul Alfred Biefeld ( 22 March 1867 -- 21 June 1943 ) was a German - American electrical engineer , astronomer and teacher .
Quispe Sisa ( ca . 1518 -- 1559 ) , also known as Inés Huaylas Yupanqui , was an Inca princess who played a role in the Spanish conquest of the Inca Empire .
Tom Holley ( November 15 , 1913 -- September 1992 ) was a professional footballer who played for Sunderland , Barnsley and Leeds United .
Colin Fletcher ( 14 March 1922 -- 12 June 2007 ) was a pioneering backpacker and writer .
Emma Danieli ( 14 October 1936 -- 21 June 1998 ) was an Italian actress and television personality .
Rudolf Nafziger ( 11 August 1945 -- 13 July 2008 ) was a German footballer who was part of the Bayern Munich team of the late-1960s .
Giuseppe Pozzobonelli died in Milan on 27 April 1783 , and his remains were buried in the North nave of the Cathedral of Milan .
Robert Devereux , 3rd Earl of Essex KB PC ( 11 January 1591 -- 14 September 1646 ) was an English Parliamentarian and soldier during the first half of the seventeenth century .
Hans Jacob Scheel ( born 23 August 1714 in Copenhagen , died 21 January 1774 in Fredrikstad ) was a Dano - Norwegian Major - General , Chamberlain at the Royal Court , Commandant of Fredrikstad Fortress from 1766 to 1774 and owner of Frogner Manor .
Eusebio Peñalver Mazorra ( 1936 - -2006 ) was an Afro - Cuban anti - Castro political prisoner who was captured in 1960 during the Cuban governments War Against the Bandits and spent 28 years in prison before being released in 1988 .
Leo Brewer ( 13 June 1919 - -22 February 2005 ) was an American physical chemist , considered to be the founder of modern high - temperature chemistry .
Antonio Carini ( 1872 - -1950 ) was an Italian physician , bacteriologist and professor .
Rodrigo Gutiérrez Girón ( died 1193 ) was a magnate and ricohombre from Palencia who played a key role in the Medieval history of the Iberian Peninsula .
Giovanni Battista Primi ( died 1657 ) was an Italian marine landscape and portrait painter .
François Vranck ( alternative spellings Vrancke , Vrancken , Franchois Francken ) , ( Zevenbergen , 1555 ? -- The Hague , 11 October 1617 ) was a Dutch lawyer and statesman who played an important role in the founding of the Dutch Republic .
Richard Golding or Goldynge ( died 1520 ) was an Irish judge who was twice Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer .
Robin Levett ( 14 October 1925 -- 14 August 2008 ) was an Australian travel writer , novelist , philanthropist , pilot , and breeder of racehorses anointed the `` First Lady of Australian Racing '' in the mid-1990s .
Sulekha Sanyal ( 15 June 1928 -- c. 1962 ) was a Bengali woman writer and activist .
Silvester Jenks ( c. 1656 -- December 1714 ) was an English Catholic priest and theologian .
George Washington Hosmer ( born in Canton , Massachusetts , in 1804 ; died there , 5 July 1881 ) was a United States educator .
Gheorghe Cosma ( born 1892 , died 1969 ) was a Romanian Major - General during World War II . He began his career in 1940 as Chief of Staff Higher Technical Department .
David Cecil , 3rd Earl of Exeter ( c. 1600 - -1643 ) was an English peer and member of the House of Lords .
Rev Patrick Bell ( 12 May 1799 -- 22 April 1869 ) was a Church of Scotland minister and inventor .
V. Subbiah ( 7 February 1911 -- 1993 ) was an Indian communist politician from Pondicherry ( now Puducherry ) .
Willibald Hahn ( 31 January 1910 -- 31 May 1999 ) was an Austrian footballer and football manager .
Bernard Grebanier ( March 8 , 1903 -- March 1977 ) was an American drama historian , critic , writer and poet , most notable for his studies of the works of William Shakespeare .
Henry Butler Clarke ( 9 November 1863 -- 10 September 1904 ) was a lecturer on Spanish at the University of Oxford 's Taylor Institution from 1890 to 1894 , and an author of books about Spanish literature and history .
Vilayattasseri Mullambalath Balachandran ( 25 November 1924 -- 9 January 2010 ) , known as Vimcy , was a sports writer from Kerala .
Kleo Pleyer ( 1898 - -1942 ) was a Nazi politician and academic ( historian and sociologist , professor at the Königsberg Albertina University and Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen ) .
James Ley , 1st Earl of Marlborough ( ca . 1552 - -1629 ) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1622 .
Pieter Hendrik van Zuylen van Nijevelt ( 1 July 1782 in Kampen -- 25 January 1825 in Utrecht ) was a Dutch count and baron who served as a general in the French and Dutch armies during the Napoleonic era and later .
Christian Leden ( born Christian Refsaas ; 17 July 1882 -- 19 November 1957 ) was a Norwegian ethno - musicologist and composer .
Lorena Rojas ( born Seydi Lorena Rojas Gonzalez ; 10 February 1971 -- 16 February 2015 ) was a Mexican actress and singer , best known for her leading roles in popular telenovelas .
Count Peter Kirillovich Essen ( 11 August 1772 -- 23 September 1844 ) was a Russian General of the Infantry in 1819 and a count ( 1833 ) of Baltic German origin .
William Raimond Baird ( 1848 - -1917 ) was the namesake of Baird 's Manual of American College Fraternities and publisher of its early editions .
Chase Price ( 1731 - 28 June 1777 ) was an 18th - century British lawyer and politician .
Robert Alistair McAlpine , Baron McAlpine of West Green ( 14 May 1942 -- 17 January 2014 ) , often known as Alistair McAlpine , was a British businessman , politician and author who was an advisor to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
Sir Joseph Hickson ( 23 January 1830 -- 4 January 1897 ) was a Canadian railway executive .
Aed mac Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair , killed 1159 , was Crown Prince of Connacht , Aed was one of at least two sons of King Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair by different women .
Frank Seymour ( 14 May 1904 -- 7 May 1987 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the VFL and Northcote in the VFA .
Samuel Meeker ( 1763 - -1831 ) was a prominent merchant businessman who played a substantial role in the development of banking , shipping , and insurance systems in the early post - revolutionary days of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Liang Desheng ( Chinese : 梁德绳 ; Pinyin : Liáng Déshéng ; 1771 - -1847 ) was a Chinese poet and writer active during the Qing Dynasty .
William Bradbery ( 11 July 1776 -- 11 August 1860 ) , an entrepreneur , was the first person in England to cultivate and sell watercress on a commercial basis .
Michiel ten Hove ( 24 February 1640 , The Hague -- 24 March 1689 , The Hague ) was ad interim Grand Pensionary of Holland in 1688 and 1689 .
David Ogilvy , 9th Earl of Airlie ( 16 December 1785 -- 20 August 1849 ) was a British peer .
Wander Johannes de Haas ( 2 March 1878 -- 26 April 1960 ) was a Dutch physicist and mathematician .
Jan van Brakel ( ca . 1638 -- 10 July 1690 ) was a Dutch Rear Admiral who distinguished himself on many occasions during the Second and Third Anglo - Dutch wars and the Nine Years War .
John Wellborn Root , Jr. ( 1887 - -1963 ) was a significant United States architect based in Chicago .
Giuseppe Antonio Torricelli ( 1662 - -1719 ) was an Italian sculptor and gem - engraver of the late Baroque active in Florence , often using colorful and semi - precious pietra dura , a type of workmanship that became a specialty of Florence .
Natteri Veeraraghavan ( 1913 - 2004 ) was an Indian physician , microbiologist and medical researcher , known for his contributions to the understanding of diseases like Rabies , Tuberculosis and Leprosy .
Heinrich Körting ( 15 March 1859 -- 19 July 1890 ) was a German philologist , a brother of Gustav Körting .
François - André Vincent ( 30 December 1746 -- 4 August 1816 ) was a French neoclassical painter .
Ailbhe of Ceann Mhara ( died 814 ) was an Irish cleric .
Gloria Ferrandiz ( died 1970 ) was an Argentine actress of the classic Argentine cinema era .
Edward Sacheverell Chandos - Pole ( 1 March 1792 -- 19 January 1863 ) was a Guards officer and High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1827 .
Countess Mary von Waldersee ( 3 October 1837 -- 4 July 1914 ) , born Mary Esther Lee , was an American - born philanthropist in Germany .
Julian Brind MW ( 5 November 1942 -- 19 December 2010 ) was a British Master of Wine and director of buying wines , beers , spirits and soft drinks for the Waitrose supermarket chain .
Colonel Josiah Snelling ( 1782 - -20 August 1828 ) was the first commander of Fort Snelling , a fort located at the confluence of the Mississippi and Minnesota rivers in Minnesota .
Nicholas Clagett the Younger , D.D. ( 1654 - -1727 ) , was an English controversialist .
Joseph Goodall ( 1760 - -1840 ) was an English cleric and Provost of Eton .
Robert Feys ( 19 December 1889 -- 13 April 1961 ) was a Belgian logician and philosopher , who worked at the University of Leuven ( Belgium ) .
Hidaya Sultan al - Salem , ( 1936 -- 20 March 2001 ) , sometimes transliterated as Hedaya , was a Kuwaiti journalist and author , who owned and edited the one of Kuwait 's earliest political magazines al - Majalis in Kuwait City , Kuwait .
Dorothy Clutterbuck ( 19 January 1880 -- 12 January 1951 ) , was a wealthy Englishwoman who was named by Gerald Gardner as a leading member of the New Forest coven , a group of pagan Witches into which Gardner claimed to have been initiated in 1939 .
Nikolay Nikolayevich Sokolov ( Russian : Никола́й Никола́евич Соколов ) ( 28 August 1930 -- 2009 ) was a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metre steeplechase .
Raffaele Piria ( 20 August 1814 -- 18 July 1865 ) , an Italian chemist from Scilla , lived in Palmi , who converted the substance Salicin into a sugar and a second component , which on oxidation becomes salicylic acid , a major component of the analgesic drug Aspirin ( acetylsalicylic acid ) .
Milan Levar ( c. 1954 -- 28 August 2000 ) was a Croatian whistleblower , a former officer in the Croatian army .
John Seton , Lord Barns ( died 1594 ) was a Scottish diplomat , courtier and judge .
William McMillan ( born Carrickfergus , County Antrim , Ireland ; died Carrickfergus , 1991 ) , commonly referred to as Billy McMillan , was an Irish footballer who played for Belfast Celtic and Ballymena United .
Panayotis Potagos ( 1839 - 1903 ) was a Greek physician and explorer from Arcadian Vytina .
Yu Xingwu ( Chinese : 于省吾 ; 1896 - -1984 ) was a Chinese philologist and exegesis interpreter .
Jacob de Wet II ( 1641 , Haarlem -- 1697 , Haarlem ) , also spelled de Witt , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Giovanni Casini ( 1689 - -1748 ) was known as il Varlunga ( based on his native town in Tuscany ) .
Nadia Boudesoque de Haro Oliva ( 11 April 1917 -- 17 January 2014 ) , born Albertina Charlotte Boudesoque Noblecourt , was a French - born Mexican fencer and actress .
John Patrick Brasier - Creagh , best known as Patrick Creagh ( 23 October 1930 - 19 September 2012 ) was a British poet and translator .
Jakob Marzel Sternberger ( 1750 - -1822 ) was the first mayor of the town of Kadaň after the municipal reform of Joseph II . He was a mayor from 1788 till 1822 .
Tömöriin Artag ( Mongolian : Төмөрийн Артаг ; born April 10 , 1943 , died 1993 ) was a Mongolian wrestler .
Edwin Duhon ( 11 June 1910 in Broussard , Louisiana -- 26 February 2006 in Westlake , Louisiana ) was an American musician and co - founder of the Hackberry Ramblers , a band playing a combination of Cajun music , Western swing , and country music .
Buffalo Bird Woman ( ca . 1839 - 1932 ) was a traditional Mandan Hidatsa woman who lived on the Fort Berthold Reservation in North Dakota .
Christos Daralexis ( Greek : Χρήστος Δαραλέξης , 1870 - 1951 ) was a Greek historian , a politician and a theatrical writer .
Ma Anand Yashu ( 9 October 1956 -- 3 December 2007 ) was an Indian - Spanish flautist .
William C. Conway ( May 15 , 1865 -- 1969 ) was the leader of a mystical sect in the Latter Day Saint movement that combined the teachings of Joseph Smith with Druidry and some of the ideas of Aleister Crowley and the Ordo Templi Orientis .
( Pierre Joseph ) Auguste Bravard ( 18 June 1803 -- 28 March 1861 ) was a French mining engineer turned palaeontologist .
Georgina King Lewis ( 1847 to 1924 ) was described as a `` Friend of the Oppressed '' .
Sir John Boyd , 1st Baronet Boyd ( 29 December 1718 , St Kitts , Leeward Islands - 24 January 1800 , Danson Hill ) was a sugar merchant and vice - chairman of the British East India Company .
Frank J. Reilly A.N.A. ( 1906 - -1967 ) was an American painter , illustrator , muralist , and teacher .
Richard Corbould ( 1757 in London -- 1831 in London ) was an English artist , sometimes misspelt `` Corbold '' .
Hans Leo Przibram ( ˈpʃɪbram ) ( 7 July 1874 -- 20 May 1944 ) was an Austrian biologist who founded the biological laboratory in Vienna .
Jana Milčinski ( born Jana Podkrajšek ) ( 5 December 1920 -- 13 April 2007 ) was a Slovene writer , journalist and translator .
Sir Clifford Charles Butler FRS ( 20 May 1922 -- 30 June 1999 ) was an English physicist , best known for the discovery of the hyperon and meson types of particles .
Sir Geoffrey Pole of Lordington , Sussex ( c. 1501 or 1502 - November 1558 ) was an English knight who supported the Catholic Church in England and Wales when Henry VIII of England was establishing the alternative Church of England with himself as leader .
David John Little QC ( d. 16 April 1984 ) was an Ulster Unionist Party politician in the Parliament of Northern Ireland , a barrister and county court judge .
E. M. Almedingen ( born Marta Aleksandrovna Almedingen , also known as Martha Edith Almedingen or von Almedingen ) ( 1898 - -1971 ) was a British novelist , biographer and children 's author of Russian origin .
Andries Both ( 1612/1613 - 23 March 1642 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter , one of the bamboccianti , and brother of Jan Dirksz Both .
Stuart Alexander Donaldson ( born 4 December 1854 in Sydney , Australia , died 29 October 1915 ) was a schoolmaster , clergyman and Master of Magdalene College , Cambridge .
Edzard Cirksena ( born : Edzard Edzardisna ; died : 1441 ) was an East Frisian chieftain at Greetsiel , Norden , Emden and Brokmerland .
Tulga or Tulca ( Gothic : Tulga ; living 642 ) was Visigothic King of Hispania , Septimania and Galicia from 640 to 642 , if his father died in December 640 , as some sources state .
Pat Fillingham FRAes ( 27 February 1914 -- 17 July 2003 ) was an English test pilot for the de Havilland company .
Edward Lutwyche Parker ( 1785 - -1850 ) , was a United States Presbyterian clergyman .
Gilbert Bozon ( 19 March 1935 -- 21 July 2007 ) was a French swimmer and Olympic medalist .
Colonel John Drinkwater Bethune ( 9 June 1762 -- 16 January 1844 ) , born John Drinkwater , was an English army officer and military historian , and was well known for his journal , which he kept during the Great Siege of Gibraltar .
Agustín Nieto Caballero was a Colombian pedagogue(1889 - 1975 ) ; who , in 1914 , founded Gimnasio Moderno , a prestigious private school , located in Bogotá .
Norah Lofts , née Norah Ethel Robinson , ( 27 August 1904 -- 10 September 1983 ) was a 20th - century best - selling British author .
Judah Cassuto ( 1808 , Amsterdam -- March 10 , 1893 , Hamburg ) was hazzan ( cantor ) of the Portuguese - Jewish community of Hamburg .
Sir Henry Bedingfeld ( 1509 - -1583 ) , of Oxburgh Hall , King 's Lynn , Norfolk , was the eldest son of Edmund Bedingfeld ( 1479/80 - 1553 ) and his wife , Grace ( d. in or after 1553 ) , the daughter of Henry , first Baron Marney .
Ivor Kirchin ( 21 January 1905 -- 22 January 1997 ) was a British band leader , and the father of noted composer Basil Kirchin ( 1927 - -2005 ) .
Mendel Portugali ( 1888 -- 13 January 1917 ) was one of the leading figures in the Second Aliyah and a founder of the Hashomer movement .
Rudolf Stahlecker ( 25 November 1898 in Sternenfels near Pforzheim -- 26 October 1977 in Urach ) was a German geologist and biology teacher .
D. Rajendra Babu ( Kannada : ರಾಜೇಂದ್ರ ಬಾಬು ) ( 30 March 1951 -- 3 November 2013 ) was a Kannada film maker and screenplay writer .
Giuseppe Serembe ( Arbërisht : Zef Serembe ; 6 March 1844 -- 1901 ) was an Arbëresh lyric poet .
In 1676 Gualterus Gysaerts collaborated with his uncle David Teniers the Younger on a series of 19 garland paintings depicting the martyrs of Gorkum .
George Molyneux ( July qtr . 1875 -- 14 April 1942 ) was a professional footballer who played for Everton , Southampton and Southend United , and later became Southend 's manager .
Al - Tufayl ibn Amr al - Dawsi ( died 633 ) was the chief of the Banu Daws tribe from Tihama in pre - Quranic times .
Jim Coucher ( 22 December 1874 -- 13 June 1935 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Zoe Golescu ( 1792 - -1879 ) was a Romanian revolutionary who participated in the Wallachian Revolution of 1848 .
Bill Ladbury ( 14 October 1891 -- June 1917 ) was an English boxer who was British , European , and World flyweight champion .
Richard Edgcumbe , 2nd Earl of Mount Edgcumbe PC ( 13 September 1764 -- 26 September 1839 ) , styled Viscount Valletort between 1789 and 1795 , was a British politician and writer on music .
Leon Danielian ( 31 October 1920 -- 8 March 1997 ) was an American ballet dancer , teacher , choreographer , and educator .
Mary Saunderson ( 1637 - -1712 ) , later known as Mary Saunderson Betterton after her marriage to Thomas Betterton , was an actress and singer in England during the 1660s and 1690s .
Sir Errol Manners K.B.E ( 1883 - -1953 ) was a distinguished Royal Navy admiral and author on theology and British Israelism .
James Pound ( 1669 - -1724 ) was an English clergyman and astronomer .
Eugen Sänger ( 22 September 1905 -- 10 February 1964 ) was an Austrian aerospace engineer best known for his contributions to lifting body and ramjet technology .
Adam Hope ( 8 January 1813 -- 7 August 1882 ) was a Canadian businessman and senator .
Stanisław Puchalski , of Puchała coat of arms ( 5 January 1867 in Wapowce - 16 January 1931 in Warsaw ) was an Austro - Hungarian and Polish general .
I Gusti Ketut Pudja ( 19 May 1908 -- 4 May 1977 ) was an Indonesian Politician , and also first governor of Lesser Sunda .
Hallfreðr Óttarsson or Hallfreðr vandræðaskáld ( Troublesome Poet ) ( ca . 965 -- ca . 1007 ) was an Icelandic skald .
Ian Ridley ( 15 February 1934 -- 13 November 2008 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL .
Herman van Swanevelt ( 1603 -- 1655 ) was a Dutch painter and etcher from the Baroque era .
Bonnie Bronson ( 1940 - -1990 ) was an American painter and sculptor and one of Portland , Oregon 's most prominent artists during the 1970s--1980s .
William Victor Higgins ( June 28 , 1884 -- August 23 , 1949 ) was an American painter and teacher , born at Shelbyville , Indiana .
Tom Pazik ( 1940 - 1993 ) began his dance training in Detroit , Michigan where he studied under Sandra Severo .
George Farwell ( 3 October 1911 -- 6 August 1976 ) was an Australian novelist , freelance journalist , broadcaster and travel writer .
Edwin Rowlands ( 15 March 1867 -- 6 August 1939 ) was a Welsh Christian missionary in northeast India and Burma .
Job Male ( August 24 , 1808 -- 1891 ) was the first Mayor of Plainfield , New Jersey , serving from 1869 - -1870 and 1877 - -1878 and finally 1887 - -1890 .
James Michael Ullman ( 1925 - -1997 ) was an American novelist and newspaper writer / editor known for his work in and about the Chicago area .
Jacob Gaukel Stroh ( September 25 , 1848 - 1935 ) was a local Historian of Waterloo County , Ontario .
Corporal Roland Griffiths - Marsh MM , ( 22 April 1923 - 29 December 2012 ) was an Australian soldier and author .
Paul Follot ( 17 July 1877 -- 1941 ) was a French designer of luxury furniture and decorative art objects before World War I ( 1914 - -18 ) .
Dougal Graham , born in the Raploch , Stirlingshire , Scotland , around 1724 and died in 1779 , became the skellat bellman of Glasgow at some time around 1770 .
Erich Förste ( 11 February 1892 -- 10 July 1963 ) was a German naval officer who served in the Kaiserliche Marine , the Reichsmarine and the Kriegsmarine , eventually reaching the rank of Admiral during World War II .
Sydney Henry Armitstead ( 13 June 1837 - 29 January 1912 ) was an English cricketer , an alumnus of Charterhouse School whose cricketing career including two first class matches : for the Gentlemen of the North in 1862 and the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1864 .
Finn Strømsted ( 9 June 1925 -- 4 July 2003 ) was a Norwegian poet and graphical artist .
Frederick of Cieszyn ( Polish : Fryderyk cieszyński ; b. 1480/83 - d. June 1507 ) , was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast in the Cieszyn branch .
Thomas Yalden ( 2 January 1670 -- 16 July 1736 ) was an English poet and translator .
Hamish Imlach ( 10 February 1940 , Calcutta , British India - 1 January 1996 , Motherwell , Scotland ) was a Scottish folk singer .
Lambert Sustris ( c. 1515 - 1520 -- c. 1584 ) was a Dutch painter active mainly in Venice during the Mannerist style .
Prince Michael Imeretinsky AFC ( Georgian : მიხეილ იმერეტინსკი , Mikheil Imeretinski ; Russian : Михаил Георгиевич Имеретинский , Mikhail Georgyevich Imeretinsky ) ( 27 January 1900 -- 14 April 1975 ) was a British military officer of Georgian royal descent .
Christian Jane Fergusson ( 14 September 1876 - 5 January 1957 ) , was a Scottish painter , who was associated with the Glasgow School and known for her landscape and still life works .
Tuoba Yihuai ( Chinese : 拓跋翳槐 ; pinyin : Tuòbá Yīhuái ; died 338 ) ruled as prince of the Tuoba Dai 329 - -335 and 337 - -338 .
Charlie Hay ( 4 November 1881 -- 23 August 1945 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Dagfinn Dahl ( 28 January 1887 -- 1967 ) was a Norwegian barrister who specialized in insurance law .
Paolo Casati ( in Latin , Paulus Casatus ) ( 1617 -- 22 December 1707 ) was an Italian Jesuit mathematician .
Irwin Freundlich ( 1908 - -1977 ) was a prominent teacher at Juilliard starting in 1935 .
Franz Kaufmann ( 5 January 1886 -- 17 February 1944 ) was a German jurist and victim of the Holocaust .
Charles Wrey Gardiner ( 1901 -- 13 March 1981 ) was an English writer and poet , editor and publisher , born in Plymouth .
Beilby Thompson ( 17 April 1742 -- 10 June 1799 ) was a British landowner and politician , the son of Beilby Thompson ( died 1750 ) and Sarah Dawes ( d. 1773 ) .
Richard Fortescue ( c. 1517 - -1570 ) of Filleigh , North Devon was an English Member of Parliament and prominent land - owner and member of the Devonshire gentry , ancestor to the Earls Fortescue .
Arne Paasche Aasen ( 18 June 1901 -- 1 November 1978 ) was a Norwegian politician , journalist and poet , who worked for the labour movement .
James Mackin ( December 25 , 1822 , Newburgh , Orange County , New York -- March 1887 ) was an American merchant , banker and politician .
Francis Engleheart ( 1775 - -1849 ) , was an English engraver .
Sir William Burnett , KCB , FRS ( 16 January 1779 -- 16 February 1861 ) was a British physician who served as Physician - General of the Royal Navy .
Chunibala Devi , born circ . 1875 -- 1955 in Kolkata , was an Indian character actress best known for her performance in Satyajit Ray 's Pather Panchali , where she played the old aunt , Indira Thakrun , to Apu and Durga .
Cecil Guy Ridley CBE ( 21 June 1885 - 15 November 1947 ) was an English barrister and Master in Lunacy .
George Hersee ( 29 December 1924 -- 11 April 2001 ) was a BBC engineer , who is most famous for his development of Test Card F. This design came about after Hersee was asked to intervene by the committee charged with the creation of technical standards for the new colour TV services .
Adil Mansuri ( 18 May 1936 -- 6 November 2008 ) was a well - known poet , playwright , and calligrapher .
Edward Garbett ( 1817 - -1887 ) , was a religious figure and writer of the 19th century .
Dermot FitzGerald ( 20 March 1935 -- 5 February 2006 ) was a leading Irish businessman and philanthropist .
Pape Alioune Diop ( died 26 September 2012 ) was a Senegalese football coach who managed the Senegalese national team at the 1986 African Cup of Nations .
Li Jiang ( 李絳 ) ( 764 -- March 8 , 830 ) , courtesy name Shenzhi ( 深之 ) , formally Duke Zhen of Zhao Commandery ( 趙郡貞公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xianzong .
Endesha Ida Mae Holland ( 1944 - 2006 ) was a scholar , playwright , and civil rights activist .
George Douglas Verity ( 4 June 1933 -- 24 August 2012 ) was an English cricketer , mountain climber , hotelier , and professional golfer .
Buford John Schramm ( 14 October 1938 -- 28 April 2004 ) , better - known as B.J. Schramm , was a businessman and developer of light personal helicopters .
James Blythe Rogers ( born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , 11 February 1802 ; died there , 15 June 1852 ) was a United States chemist .
Paweł Cyms ( 1894 - 1949 ) was a soldier of the Imperial German Army and captain of infantry in the Second Polish Republic .
Henry Hylton , de jure 12th Baron Hylton ( 1586 -- 30 March 1641 ) was an English nobleman , considered eccentric and sometimes given the name the Mad Baron .
Prince Heinrich of Bavaria ( 24 June 1884 -- 8 November 1916 ) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and a highly decorated Army officer in the First World War .
Rao Sahib S. Vaiyapuri Pillai ( 1891 - -1956 ) was a renowned scholar and Professor of Tamil .
Bernhard Moritz Snethlage ( 28 May 1753 , Tecklenburg -- 19 November 1840 , Berlin ) was a German educator .
Raymond Sheppard ( 1913 - -1958 ) was a British artist and illustrator of books for children and adults .
Aegidius Gelenius ( 10 June 1595 -- 24 August 1656 ) was one of the most respected Cologne historians of his time .
John Penny ( died 1520 ) was an English priest , successively Bishop of Bangor , 1504 - -1508 , and Bishop of Carlisle , 1508 - -1520 .
Ranjan Roy Daniel ( also referred as R. R. Daniel or Rajan Roy ) ( 11 August 1923 -- 27 March 2005 ) was an Indian Nagercoil born physicist who worked in the fields of cosmic rays and space physics , and remained Director Chairman of Tata Institute of Fundamental Research .
Lucien Durosoir ( 1878 - 5 December 1955 ) was a French composer and violinist whose works were rediscovered thanks to manuscripts found by his son Luc .
Tadeusz Kurcyusz ( pseudonyms : Fiszer , gen . Mars , Morski , Żegota ) ( 15 October 1881 - 22 or 23 April 1944 ) was a colonel of the Polish Army .
Edward Hall or Halle ( 1497 - -1547 ) , was an English lawyer , Member of Parliament , and historian , best known for his The Union of the Two Noble and Illustre Families of Lancastre and Yorke , commonly known as Hall 's Chronicle .
Joseph Stanley Crowther , known as Stan Crowther , ( 30 May 1925 -- 10 March 2013 ) was British Labour Member of Parliament for Rotherham from the 1976 by - election until his retirement in 1992 .
Märta Torén ( 21 May 1925 -- 19 February 1957 ) was a Swedish stage and film actress of the 1940s and 1950s .
Claës - Axel Wersäll ( 26 June 1888 -- 12 February 1951 ) was a Swedish gymnast .
Emil Friedrich Knoblauch ( 2 December 1864 , Groß Karnitten in Kreis Mohrungen -- 10 February 1936 ) was a German botanist .
Shirley Ximena Hopper Russell ( 1886 - -1985 ) , also known as Shirley Marie Russell , was an American artist best known for her paintings of Hawaii and her still lifes of Hawaiian flowers .
Giovanni Vigliotto ( c. 1930 - -1991 ) was a name of a multiple bigamist and fraudster who married 105 women in 14 countries between 1949 and 1981 and abandoned them .
Jan Verveer ( 27 August 1775 -- 22 August 1838 ) was a major general in the Royal Netherlands Army .
Amin Abd al - Hadi ( Arabic : أمين عبد الهادي ; l897 - -1967 ) was the former head of the Supreme Muslim Council .
Juliette May Fraser ( 1887 in Honolulu -- 1983 in Honolulu ) was an American painter , muralist and printmaker .
Panchanan Bhattacharya ( Bengali : পঞ্চানন ভট্টাচার্য ) ( 1853 - -1919 ) was a disciple of the Indian Yogi Lahiri Mahasaya .
Sirkka Sari ( born Sirkka Linnea Jahnsson , 1 May 1920 -- 30 July 1939 ) was a Finnish actress .
Mallikarjuna Raya ( or Deva Raya III ) ( 1446 - -1465 CE ) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty .
John Somers , 1st Baron Somers , PC , PRS ( 4 March 1651 -- 26 April 1716 ) was an English Whig jurist and statesman .
Sándor Krasznai ( also known as Sándor Krämer ; 1932 - -2009 ) was a Hungarian athlete , engineer and constructor .
Michael Sundin ( 1 March 1961 -- 23 July 1989 ) was an English television presenter , actor , dancer and trampolinist , who is best remembered for his short time as a Blue Peter presenter ( 1984 - -85 ) .
Raymond Jeener ( 1904 - 1995 ) was a Belgian molecular biologist and professor at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles ( ULB ) .
The Reverend Doctor William Lambie Nelson ( 20 September 1808 -- 13 June 1887 ) .
Heinrich LXII , Prince Reuss Younger Line ( German : Heinrich LXII Fürst Reuß jüngere Linie ; 31 May 1785 -- 19 June 1854 ) was the first Prince Reuss Younger Line from 1848 to 1854 .
Randi Heide Steen ( 15 December 1909 -- 12 November 1990 ) was a Norwegian soprano singer .
Győző Soós ( 11 November 1948 -- c. 26 August 2015 ) was a Hungarian politician , Member of Parliament between 1994 and 2006 ( MSZP ) .
Joseph Elkington ( baptised 1 January 1740 at Stretton - on - Dunsmore , died October 1806 ) was an English agriculturalist , lauded by parliament for his reforms to land drainage .
Efraim Taburi ( Hebrew : אפרים תבורי‎ , born Efraim Popik on 5 September 1900 , died 7 April 1957 ) was a Zionist activist and politician .
Jacob Fahlström ( 1795 - -1859 ) , aka Father Jacob , was the first Swede ever to settle in Canada .
Carl Reuterskiöld ( ca.1923 - March 20 , 2006 ; known to his associates as Charlie ) was the founding CEO of the Belgium - based Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication ( SWIFT ) , a position which he held for a decade from SWIFT 's founding in 1973 until 1983 .
Lenore Thomas Straus ( 1 November 1909 -- 16 January 1988 ) was an American sculptor and author .
Major - General Clifford Thomason Beckett CB , CBE , MC ( 1891 - -1972 ) of the Royal Artillery , had a distinguished military career including being Acting General Officer Commanding Malta in 1942 .
Keith Forbes ( 28 May 1906 -- 7 September 1996 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Bombers .
Mukarram Khan Atif ( Birth : unknown -- Death : 17 January 2012 ) was a Pakistani journalist and reporter working for Dunya News and Deewa Radio .
Harman Blennerhassett ( 8 October 1765 -- 2 February 1831 ) was an Anglo - Irish lawyer and politician .
Darshan Singh Pheruman ( 1 August 1885 -- 27 October 1969 ) was an Indian freedom fighter , Sikh activist and politician .
Georges Cochon ( 1879 - 1959 ) was a tapestry maker , an anarchist and the secretary of the Federation of Tenants .
Michael J. Coffey ( c. 1840 County Cork , Ireland -- March 22 , 1907 Brooklyn , New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Behram Contractor ( 1930 -- 9 April 2001 ) , also known as Busybee , was a figure in Indian journalism .
Cotton Tufts ( born in Medford , Massachusetts , 30 May 1734 ; died in Weymouth , Massachusetts , 8 December 1815 ) was a Massachusetts physician .
Sir John Fowell , 2nd Baronet ( 14 August 1623 -- 8 January 1677 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1677 .
József Vészi , Hungarian writer , journalist , poet , translator , editor and deputy ; born at Arad 6 November 1858 , died 1940 .
Jonathan Silver ( 1949 - -1997 ) was an entrepreneur from Bradford who was responsible for restoring Salts Mill as a thriving cultural , retail and commercial centre .
John Wesley Work , Jr. ( August 6 , 1871 or 1873 - September 7 , 1925 ) was the first African - American collector of folk songs and spirituals , and also a choral director , educationalist and songwriter .
Gustav Mann ( 1836 - -1916 ) was a German botanist who led expeditions in West Africa and was also a gardener at the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew .
Edmund Oldhall ( after 1390 -- 1459 ) was an English - born cleric and judge in fifteenth- century Ireland ; he was Bishop of Meath and acting Lord Chancellor of Ireland .
Riaz - ur - Rehman Bhatti ( 1940 , in India -- 10 July 1966 ) was a cricketer .
Lawrence Tenney Stevens ( 1896 - 1972 ) was an American sculptor who was one of the progenitors of the `` Cowboy High Style '' movement in western American art and furniture .
Ferdinando Stanhope ( died 1643 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1643 .
Fazl - e - Haq Khairabadi ( 1797 - - 20 August 1861 ) was one of the main figures of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
George L. Graziadio , Jr. ( 1919 - 2002 ) was an American commercial real estate developer , banker and philanthropist .
James McBey ( 23 December 1883 -- 1 December 1959 ) was a largely self - taught artist and etcher whose prints were highly valued during the later stages of the etching revival in the early 20th century .
Petre Antonescu ( 1891 - -1957 ) was a Romanian Brigadier - General during World War II . In 1941 , he became Head General - Secretary of the Department Ministry of Defense .
Stan Rule ( 17 January 1924 -- 12 August 2007 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jan Regulski ( 1760 - 28 July 1807 ) was a Polish glyptic artist and medalist .
Bille Brown AM ( 11 January 1952 -- 13 January 2013 ) born as William Gerald Brown was an Australian stage , film and television actor and acclaimed playwright .
Martinus Fabri ( died May 1400 ) was a North Netherlandish composer of the late 14th century .
Thomas Palfreyman ( died 1589 ? ) was an English author and musician .
Antonio Vela Cobo ( 1629 - 1675 ) was a Spanish Baroque painter , sculptor and gilder .
Robert of Knaresborough ( St. Robert ) ( c. 1160 -- 24 September 1218 ) was a hermit who lived in a cave by the River Nidd , Knaresborough , North Yorkshire .
Paul Trousdale ( 1915 - -1990 ) was an American real estate developer .
Liutpert ( or Liutbert ) ( died 702 ) was the Lombard king of Italy from 700 and to 702 , with interruption .
José Wilker de Almeida ( 20 August 1944 -- 5 April 2014 ) was a Brazilian film , stage , and television actor and director .
Jessie Payne Margoliouth née Smith ( 1856 - -1933 ) was a Syriac scholar .
King Fuchai of Wu ( simplified Chinese : 吴王夫差 ; traditional Chinese : 吳王夫差 ; pinyin : Wú Wáng Fūchāi ) ( reigned 495 - -473 BC ) was the last king of Wu , a state in ancient China ; he reigned towards the end of the Spring and Autumn Period .
Antonio Barluzzi ( 26 September 1884 -- 14 December 1960 ) was an Italian Franciscan monk and architect .
John Wesley Hunt ( 1773 - -1849 ) was a prominent businessman and early civic leader in Lexington , Kentucky .
John Houston Laird ( September 18 , 1874 -- 1959 ) was a railway conductor and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Girish Chandra Ghosh ( 28 February 1844 -- 8 February 1912 ) was a Bengali musician , poet , playwright , novelist , theatre director and actor .
Harry Dacre was the pen - name of Frank Dean ( 1857 - -1922 ) , an English songwriter .
Sir Thomas Hatton , 2nd Baronet ( died 1682 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1674 to 1679 .
Sir Edward Seymour , 1st Baronet c. 1563 -- 10 April 1613 ) of Berry Pomeroy , Devon , was Member of Parliament for Devon , twice High Sheriff of Devon and an Army Colonel .
Frederick George Holweck ( born Friedrich Georg Holweck ; 1856 - -1927 ) was a German - American Roman Catholic priest and scholar , hagiographer and church historian .
Ludwig Harscher von Almendingen ( 25 March 1766 -- 16 January 1827 ) was a learned German jurist .
Veslemøy Haslund ( 8 April 1939 -- 7 November 2005 ) was a Norwegian actress and stage producer .
Abu Talib Yahya ( 951 - 1033 ) was an imam of the Zaydiyyah sect in 1020 - 1033 .
Prokopios Lazaridis ( Greek : Προκόπιος Λαζαρίδης , 1859 - 1923 ) was a Greek Orthodox metropolitan bishop , who served as a head in a number of bishoprics during the late Ottoman period .
Samuel Charles Brittingham ( 1860 - 12 November 1944 ) was a British - born architect who worked extensively in Australia in the early twentieth century .
George Campbell Hay ( 1915 - -1984 ) was a Scottish poet and translator , who wrote in Scottish Gaelic , Lowland Scots and English .
Lolong ( died 10 February 2013 ) was the largest crocodile in captivity .
Robert Tighe ( or Teigh or Tjghe , sometimes misspelled Leigh ) , ( born in Deeping , Lincolnshire , died 1620 ) was an English cleric and linguist .
Charles Woodmason ( c. 1720 - -March 1789 ) was an author , poet , Anglican clergyman , American loyalist , and West Gallery psalmodist .
Mareez , born Abbas Abdulali Vasi ( Gujarati : અબ્બાસ અબ્દુલઅલી વાસી , 22 February 1917 -- 19 October 1983 ) , was a Gujarati poet , mainly popular for his Ghazals .
Oscar Heidenstam ( 1911 - -1991 ) was a Cyprus - born British bodybuilding champion , who later became president of the World Amateur Body Building Association ( WABBA ) , the National Amateur Bodybuilders Association ( NABBA ) , and NABBA International .
Scato Swu ( 1924 - 7 April 2014 ) was an Indian social worker and politician from Nagaland .
Petro Kalnyshevsky ( 1691 ? -- 31 October 1803 ) was the last Koshovyi Otaman of the Zaporozhian Host , serving in 1762 and from 1765 to 1775 .
Edward Rupert Burrowes ( 1903 - -1966 ) was an artist and art teacher who founded the Working People 's Art Class ( WPAC ) , the first established art institution in Guyana .
Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo ( 4 July 1807 -- 18 January 1890 ) was a Californio military commander , politician , and rancher .
Paul Niculescu - Mizil ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈpa.ul nikuˈlesku miˈzil ) ; 25 November 1923 -- 5 December 2008 ) was a Romanian communist politician .
Louis de Tousard ( 1749 - 1817 ) was a French artillerist who served in the American Continental Army under La Fayette , and later was given a US commission .
Fernando Ansúrez II ( died 978 , shortly after 23 April ) was the Count of Monzón , Peñafiel , and Campos from 950 and one of the most powerful noblemen of his generation in the Kingdom of León .
Shapurji Edalji ( 1841 or 1842 - -1918 ) was probably the first person from South Asia to be made the vicar of an English parish .
Lieutenant Francisco Gonzalo Marín , also known as Pachín Marín ( March 12 , 1863 -- November 1897 ) , was a poet and journalist who fought alongside José Martí as a member of the Cuban Liberation Army .
Richard Munday ( c.1685 - 1739 ) was a prominent colonial American architect and builder in Newport , Rhode Island .
Miloslava Rezková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪloslava ˈrɛskovaː ) ; 22 July 1950 -- 19 October 2014 ) was a Czech high jumper who won gold medals at the 1968 Olympics and 1969 European Championships .
Isaac Augustus Wetherby ( 1819 - 1904 ) or I.A. Wetherbee was an American painter and photographer .
Konstantin Konstantinovich Saradzhev ( Russian : Константи́н Константи́нович Сара́джев ) ( 1900 - -1942 ) was a Russian bell ringer , composer , and musical theorist .
Henry de Ponthieu ( 14 February 1731 -- 10 December 1808 ) was a London merchant of Huguenot ancestry who collected fish and plant specimens from the West Indies for botanist Joseph Banks .
Maximilian Joseph von Tarnóczy ( Hungarian : Tarnózy Miksa ) ( 24 October 1806 -- 4 April 1876 ) was an Austrian Cardinal and Archbishop .
Vinod Kinariwala ( 1924 - 9 August 1942 ) was a student at Gujarat College in the city of Ahmedabad .
Vyloppilli Sreedhara Menon ( 11 May 1911 -- 22 December 1985 ) was a renowned Indian poet of Kerala .
Hamish MacCunn ( 22 March 1868 -- 2 August 1916 ) was a Scottish Romantic composer , conductor and teacher .
Brough Fletcher ( 9 March 1893 -- 12 May 1972 ) was a footballer and football manager .
William Pitt Smith ( 1760 - -1796 ) was a U.S. physician , educator and theological writer .
William Hendriksen ( 18 November 1900 -- 12 January 1982 ) was a New Testament scholar and writer of Bible commentaries .
Yemelyan Danilov ( Russian : Емельян Данилов ) ( 1627 - -1654 ) was a Russian bellmaker .
Hans Wolfgang Helck ( 16 September 1914 -- 27 August 1993 ) was a German Egyptologist , considered one of the most important Egyptologists of the 20th century .
Endel Ruberg ( 21 May 1917 -- 29 December 1989 ) was an Estonian - Canadian artist , naturalist , and humanitarian .
Sir George Morton , 1st Baronet ( died 1662 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1626 .
Hugh Ralston Crawford ( 1876 - -1954 ) , practiced both as an engineer and architect in Australia and the United States in the first half of the 20th Century .
Bjarne Orten ( 22 December 1919 - 14 January 2011 ) is a Norwegian civil servant .
Leopold Bürkner ( 29 January 1894 - 15 July 1975 ) was a German naval officer who served on torpedo boats in World War I. In the post - war period he served on a pocket battleship that patrolled the Spanish coast during the Spanish Civil War and then commanded a light cruiser .
Odoardo Barri ( 13 September 1844 -- January 1920 ) is the pseudonym of Edward Slater .
Per Bratland ( 1907 - -1988 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor .
Narushima Ryūhoku ( 成島柳北 ) was a Japanese author and scholar who lived from 1837 - 1884 .
Sir Jonathan Hutchinson ( 23 July 1828 -- 23 June 1913 ) , was an English surgeon , ophthalmologist , dermatologist , venereologist and pathologist .
Juan José Sicre ( born Juan José Sicre Velez in 1898 -- 1974 ) was one of the greatest Cuban sculptors .
Annemarie Lorentzen ( née Olsen ) ( 23 September 1921 -- 30 June 2008 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party .
Juan Banderas ( executed 1833 at Arizpe ) was the leader of the Yaqui during part of the Yaqui Wars , specifically from 1825 until 1833 .
Peter Percival ( 24 July 1803 -- 11 July 1882 ) was a British born missionary , linguist and a pioneering educator in Sri Lanka and South India during the British colonial era .
Arthur Scherbius ( 30 October 1878 -- 13 May 1929 ) was a German electrical engineer who patented an invention for a mechanical cipher machine , later sold as the Enigma machine .
Henry Boot ( 1851 - -1931 ) was the founder of Henry Boot PLC . Henry Boot was the eldest surviving son of Charles and Ann Boot .
William H. Ahmanson ( October 12 , 1925 -- 2008 ) was an American chief executive , philatelist and philanthropist from Los Angeles , California .
Jean De Bie ( 9 May 1892 -- 30 April 1961 ) was a Belgian football ( soccer ) player .
Sir John Bourke of Brittas ( 1550 -- 20 December 1607 ) , commonly called `` Captain of Clanwilliam '' , was born about the middle of the 16th century .
Aryabhata ( Sanskrit : आर्यभट ; IAST : Āryabhaṭa ) or Aryabhata I ( 476 - -550 CE ) was the first of the major mathematician - astronomers from the classical age of Indian mathematics and Indian astronomy .
Harry Collier ( 1 October 1907 -- 16 August 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
Catharina Margaretha Linck ( died 1721 ) was a Prussian woman who for most of her adult life presented herself as a man .
Saint Donatian ( 4th century - 390 ) is the patron saint of Bruges , Belgium , where his relics were enshrined in the ninth century .
Cassin Abbas ( 28 March 1926 - 10 December 1982 ) was an Indonesian film actor and film editor .
Claude Bouthillier , Sieur de Fouilletourte ( 1581 -- 13 March 1652 ) , French statesman , began his professional life as an advocate .
Sir Wilfred Cockcroft ( 7 June 1923 -- 1999 ) was an eminent mathematics educator from the University of Hull .
Wallace Morgan ( 1875 - -1948 ) was a war artist for the United States Army during WWI .
George Wyndham PC ( 29 August 1863 -- 8 June 1913 ) was a British Conservative politician , statesman , man of letters , and one of The Souls .
Henri Thiriet aka Henry Thiriet ( 1873 - 1946 ) was a prolific French poster artist , book illustrator and painter .
Bose Ikard ( ca . 1840s--1929 ) was an African American cowboy who participated in the pioneering cattle drives on what became known as the Goodnight--
Eileen Beasley ( 1921 -- 12 August 2012 ) was a Welsh teacher who , along with her husband Trefor , conducted a campaign of civil disobedience in the 1950s against the Rural District Council of Llanelly in a demand for council rate bills in the Welsh language .
Robert Whitworth ( 1734 -- 30 March 1799 ) was an English land surveyor and engineer , who learnt his trade under John Smeaton and James Brindley , and went on to become one of the leading canal engineers of his generation .
Mayo Kaan ( 2 March 1914 -- 9 July 2002 ) was a bodybuilder who claimed to be the original model for Superman .
Sir James Sexton CBE ( 13 April 1856 -- 27 December 1938 ) was a British trade unionist and politician .
Bogalay Kyaw Hlaing ( Burmese : ဘိုကလေး ကျော်လှိုင် , pronounced : ( bòɡəlé tɕɔ̀ l̥àiɴ ) ; 28 September 1914 -- 13 April 1996 ) was a Burmese artist .
Arieh Levavi ( 3 June 1912 -- 1 February 2009 ) , also known as Aryeh Lieb and Arieh Leibman , was the fourth Director General of Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( 1964 - -1967 ) .
Pescennius Niger ( Latin : Gaius Pescennius Niger Augustus ; c. 135/140 -- 194 ) was Roman Emperor from 193 to 194 during the Year of the Five Emperors .
Kristian Fredrikson ( 1940 -- 10 November 2005 ) was a New Zealand - born Australian stage and costume designer working in ballet , opera and other performing arts .
Dora Gordine , FRBS ( 13 April 1895 -- 29 December 1991 ) aka La Gordine , was an Estonian sculptor .
Arne Gauslaa ( 8 February 1913 -- 30 October 1942 ) was a Norwegian communist , newspaper editor and resistance member .
Fritz Grünbaum 1880 - -1941 , Brandstätter , 2005 , ISBN 3 - 85498 - 393-X Walter Fritz :
Reimar Constantin von Alvensleben ( 26 August 1809 -- 28 March 1892 ) was a Prussian ( and later Imperial German ) general .
François Anthyme Eugène Follin ( 25 November 1823 , Harfleur -- 21 May 1867 ) was a French surgeon and ophthalmologist .
Ivor Newton CBE ( 15 December 1892 -- 21 April 1981 ) was an English pianist who was particularly noted as an accompanist to international singers and string players .
Henry William Dulcken ( 1832 - 1894 ) was an English translator and children 's writer , best known for translating the stories of Hans Christian Andersen .
Pierre - François Palloy ( 23 January 1755 -- 1835 ) , self - styled as Patriote Palloy ( Palloy the Patriot ) was an entrepreneurial building contractor remembered for the demolition of the Bastille .
Jacques Belhomme ( 17 June 1737 -- 18 September 1824 ) was a personality of the French Revolution and the owner of the Pension Belhomme .
Francis Clater ( 1756 - -1823 ) , was a British farrier and writer .
Glennis Lorimer ( 1913 -- 1968 ) was a British actress , who appeared in a number of films during the 1930s .
Mercy Ravi ( 18 March 1945 -- 5 September 2009 ) was a member of Kerala Legislative Assembly and the wife of the Indian politician Vayalar Ravi .
Arthur Comfort ( 1864 - 1935 ) was an English master wood engraver at The Graphic in London and art teacher in Halifax .
Anna Beneck ( 23 June 1942 -- 3 September 2013 ) was an Italian butterfly swimmer .
Hugh Neil ( 2 October 1936 -- November 1978 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a right back .
Maddalena Fagandini ( 30 August 1929 -- 29 November 2012 ) was an electronic musician and television producer .
Sir Thomas Charles Morgan ( 1783 -- 28 August 1843 ) was an English physician and writer with an interest in philosophical and miscellaneous subject matter .
Faras Hamdan ( Arabic : فارس حمدان‎ ; Hebrew : פארס חמדאן‎ , born 1910 , died 29 November 1966 ) was an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agriculture and Development between 1951 and 1959 .
Jeremy Hawk ( 20 May 1918 -- 15 January 2002 ) was a character actor with a long career in music halls and on London 's West End stage .
Chiyo Mikami ( 三上千代 1891 - 1978 ) was a Japanese nurse , who worked for leprosy patients and was given the Florence Nightingale Medal in 1957 .
Erwin Lehn ( 8 June 1919 , Grünstadt -- 20 March 2010 ) was a German jazz composer , bandleader and musician .
John M. Shelton ( 1853 - 1923 ) was an American rancher and banker .
Lili Bech ( born Lily Beck ; 29 December 1883 -- 20 January 1939 ) was a Danish silent film actress .
Father Afonso Mendes ( 18 June 1579 -- 21 June 1659 ) , was a Portuguese Jesuit theologian , and Patriarch of Ethiopia from 1622 to 1634 .
Thomas Cloney ( 1773 -- 20 February 1850 ) was a County Wexford leader in the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .
Thomas Hone ( 19 June 1858 in Ireland -- 15 January 1922 in Ireland ) was an Irish cricketer .
Andrew Bruce Boa ( 10 July 1930 -- 17 April 2004 ) was a Canadian actor , who found success playing the token North American in British films and television .
Hans Coper ( 8 April 1920 -- 16 June 1981 ) , was an influential German - born British studio potter .
Ettore Mattia ( 30 May 1910 -- 10 October 1982 ) was an Italian journalist and actor .
Vincenzo Leuzzi ( Rome , 1909 - -1983 ) was Director of Transport Institute , University of Rome Engineering School .
His Honour Ifor Bowen Lloyd ( 9 September 1902 -- 23 July 1990 ) , was a British Judge and Liberal Party politician .
Saint Ermengol ( also Armengol or Armengod ) or Hermengaudius ( died 1035 ) was the bishop of Urgell from 1010 .
Archibald Thompson Davison ( 11 October 1883 -- 6 February 1961 ) was an American musicologist , conductor , composer and music educator .
Elias Palairet ( 1713 - -1765 ) was a Dutch minister and classical scholar , who spent his later life in England .
Henry Heylyn Hayter CMG ( 28 October 1821 -- 23 March 1895 ) was an English - born Australian statistician
Saint Vitalis of Savigny ( ca . 1060 -- 16 September 1122 ) was the canonized founder of Savigny Abbey and the Congregation of Savigny ( 1112 ) .
Greg Stockdale ( 30 July 1899 -- 14 May 1949 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1920s .
Jack Arthur Wood , Jr. was born December 28 , 1923 and died July 4 , 2005 .
Heinrich Hugo Karny ( 7 October 1886 , Mödling -- 7 August 1939 , Kroisbach ) was an Austrian physician and entomologist who specialised in Thysanoptera and Orthoptera .
Kenneth Kent Mackenzie ( 1877 - -1934 ) was a lawyer and amateur botanist who wrote extensively on the genus Carex in North America .
Edward Winn ( February 12 , 1937 -- June 25 , 1995 ) was a third - party candidate for President of the United States in the 1984 and 1988 presidential elections , representing the Socialist Equality Party ( US ) .
Roy Crimmins ( 2 August 1929 in London - 27 August 2014 ) was an English jazz trombonist , composer and arranger .
Michael Kidron ( 20 September 1930 - -25 March 2003 ) was a revolutionary thinker and cartographer .
Huang Daozhou ( Chinese : 黄道周 , 1585 - -1646 ) was a Chinese calligrapher , scholar and official of the Ming Dynasty .
Panagiotis Sekeris ( Tripolitsa 1783 -- Nafplio 1846 ) was a merchant and a leading member of Filiki Eteria ( Society of Friends ) .
Sir Ralph Knight ( c. 1619 -- 21 April 1691 ) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Shahāb - ud - Dawla Mawdūd ( Persian : شهاب‌الدوله مودود‎ ; died 1050 ) , known as Mawdud of Ghazni ( مودود غزنوی ) , was a sultan of the Ghaznavids from 1041 - 50 .
Bill Brittingham ( 5 September 1923 -- 18 June 1996 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mike McCoole ( 12 March 1837 in England -- 17 October 1886 at New Orleans ) was a boxing champion .
Marion Michael ( 17 October 1940 -- 13 October 2007 ) was a German film actress and singer .
Evangeline Walton ( 24 November 1907 -- 11 March 1996 ) was the pen name of Evangeline Wilna Ensley , an American author of fantasy fiction .
Mark Robson ( 4 December 1913 -- 20 June 1978 ) was a Canadian - born film director , producer and editor .
Liu Wuzhou ( 劉武周 ) ( died 622 ? ) was a rebel leader who rose against the rule of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty late in the dynasty 's history , and he took imperial style -- although it was not completely clear whether the title he took was khan or tianzi .
Giovanni Evangelista Draghi ( 1654 in Genoa -- 1712 in Piacenza ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque or Rococo period .
Jan Sharp ( 1946 - -2012 ) was an Australian film producer , director and cinematographer .
Rudy Arnold ( August 28 , 1902 -- September 17 , 1966 ) was an American photographer who specialized in aviation photography .
Sylvester Bliss ( 1814 - -1863 ) was a Millerite minister and editor .
Sir Theophilus Biddulph , 1st Baronet ( 1612 -- 25 March 1683 ) was the son of Michael Biddulph of Elmhurst , Staffordshire .
Phillips Payson ( 1704 - -1778 ) was minister for the town of Dorchester , Massachusetts from 1728 .
Johann Joseph Fux ( German : ( ˈfʊks ) ; c. 1660 -- 13 February 1741 ) was an Austrian composer , music theorist and pedagogue of the late Baroque era .
Kimberly Rogers ( c. 1961 -- 9 August 2001 ) was a Canadian whose death in 2001 , while under house arrest for welfare fraud , caused extensive controversy around Ontario Works ( the Ontario government 's welfare system ) .
Marc Delafontaine ( Born at Celigny , 1837 - -1911 ) was a Swiss chemist who in 1878 , along with Jacques - Louis Soret , first observed holmium spectroscopically .
Lewis S. Payne ( January 21 , 1819 Bergen , Genesee County , New York -- 1898 ) was an American merchant , Union Army officer and politician from New York .
Tara Cherian ( May 1913 - 7 November 2000 ) was an Indian social activist and politician .
Robert Oliver Reed ( 13 February 1938 -- 2 May 1999 ) was an English actor known for his upper - class , macho image , hellraiser lifestyle , and `` tough guy '' roles .
Harry Emerson Wildes ( April 3 , 1890 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - 1982 ) an American sociologist , historian and writer who is best known for his biographies of William Penn , George Fox and Anthony Wayne
H. Louis Nichols ( 7 November 1916- 25 April 2010 ) was an attorney who resided in Dallas , Texas .
Anne Hastings , Countess of Shrewsbury ( c. 1471 - -1520 ) was an English noblewoman who served as a lady - in - waiting to Queen consort Catherine of Aragon , the first wife of King Henry VIII of England .
Colonel Thomas Holbein Hendley CIE ( 21 April 1847 -- 2 February 1917 ) was a British medical officer in the Indian Medical Service and an amateur authority on Indian art . He studied at St. Bartholomew 's Hospital in London , where he was the gold medallist .
Joseph Broussard ( 1702 - -1765 ) , also known as Beausoleil , was a leader of the Acadian people in Acadia ; later Nova Scotia , Prince Edward Island , and New Brunswick .
George Stentiford ( 7 May 1900 -- 1976 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stockport County and Stoke .
Johann Georg Haeselich ( also Haselick ; 30 August 1806 - 6 December 1894 ) was a German genre painter and lithographer .
Joseph Anthelmi ( Antelmi ) ( 25 July 1648 at Fréjus -- 21 June 1697 at Frejus ) was a French ecclesiastical historian .
Luigi Guardigli ( 20 July 1923 -- 19 September 2008 ) was an Italian painter and mosaicist .
Manoug Exerjian ( 1888 -- November 1974 ) was a Nassau County , New York architect , who came to Great Neck , New York , in 1923 .
Henry Beadman Bryant ( 1824 - -1892 ) was an author and co - founder and namesake of Bryant & Stratton College and Bryant University in Smithfield , Rhode Island .
Suzanne Bloch ( born in Geneva in 1907 - died in New York in 2002 ) was a Swiss - American musician and an influential pioneer of Early Music Revival during the 20th century .
Jules Semler - Collery ( 1902 - 1988 ) was a French composer , conductor and teacher .
William Abel Pantin FBA ( 1 May 1902 -- 10 November 1973 ) was an historian of mediaeval England who spent most of his academic life at the University of Oxford .
Louis Massignon ( 25 July 1883 -- 31 October 1962 ) was a Catholic scholar of Islam and a pioneer of Catholic- Muslim mutual understanding .
Dawachi ( Chinese : 达瓦齐 ; pinyin : dáwǎqí ; Mongolian : Даваач ; died 1759 ) was the last khan of the Dzungar Khanate from 1753 until his defeat at the hands of Qing and Mongol forces at Ili in 1755 .
Arthur Wolcott Yates ( died 1930 ) was a Brigadier General in the United States Army .
Dou Kang ( died 621 ) , courtesy name Daosheng , was an official and general during the Sui and Tang dynasties who briefly served as a chancellor early in the reign of Emperor Gaozu of Tang .
Robert B. Ingebretsen ( 30 March 1948 -- 2 March 2003 ) was a pioneer in the development of digital sound .
Samuel Snowden ( born c.1765 - died 1850 ) was a 19th - century African - American abolitionist and pastor of the May Street Church , one of the first black Methodist churches in Boston , Massachusetts .
Philip Francis Pocock , ( 2 July 1906 -- 6 September 1984 ) , was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Toronto from 1971 to 1978 .
Luís Carlos Nunes da Silva , nicknamed Carlinhos ( 19 November 1937 -- 22 June 2015 ) , played for Flamengo between 1958 and 1969 .
Wally Chalmers ( 16 September 1890 -- 17 November 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edward Harwood ( of Darwen ) ( 1707 - -1787 ) was an English composer of hymns , anthems and songs .
John Joseph Dougall ( 1860 -- 5 September 1934 ) was Mayor of Christchurch in 1911 - -1912 .
Robert Bruford ( 28 June 1868 -- 29 December 1939 ) was a British farmer and agriculturist who developed his activities into the political field .
Ulrich Bettac ( 2 May 1897 -- 20 April 1959 ) , born Ulrich Ewald Berthold Bettac , was a German - born Austrian actor and theatre director .
John Love Jones ( 1885 -- 21 December 1913 ) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke and Middlesbrough , and he also made two appearances for Wales .
Leonard Hodgson ( 24 October 1889 in Fulham , London -- 15 July 1969 in Leamington Spa ) was an Anglican priest , philosopher , theologian , historian of the early Church and Regius Professor of Divinity at the University of Oxford from 1944 to 1958 .
Samoset , also Somerset , ( c. 1590 - -1653 ) was an Abenaki sagamore and the first Native American to make contact with the Pilgrims of Plymouth Colony .
Dr. Royal Wasson Sorensen ( April 25 , 1882 -- October 27 , 1965 ) was the inventor of the vacuum switch , professor of electrical engineering and head of the electrical engineering department at California Institute of Technology , and was also noted for his work in high voltage transmissions and air pollution .
George S. Cooper ( December 14 , 1864 -- 1929 ) was an American architect and builder from Washington , D.C. During his 40-year career , he was responsible for designing around 850 properties , including homes , commercial buildings and apartment buildings , several of which are listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) .
Jack Cannan ( 14 January 1899 -- 22 November 1965 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Edgar Baitzel ( 17 May 1955 -- 11 March 2007 ) was a German opera director and artistic administrator .
Zdenko Vinski ( 3 May 1913 -- 13 October 1996 ) was a notable Croatian archaeologist .
Wilfried Herling was killed on 28 November 1943 , when straffed on take - off by 15 IAP Yak 1s led by Kpt Leontiy .
Khouw Kim An , Majoor der Chinezen ( 1875 - 1945 ) was a prominent Chinese Indonesian public figure , patrician and landowner who served as the last Majoor der Chinezen ( `` Major of the Chinese '' ) of Batavia , Dutch East Indies ( now Jakarta ) .
Peter Francis Chenu ( 1760 - 1834 ) was a British sculptor of French birth working in the late 18th and early 19th century .
Ivan Maček ( 28 May 1908 -- 1 April 1993 ) was a Yugoslav Communist politician from Slovenia who served as the President of the People 's Assembly of SR Slovenia from 1963 to 1967 .
Wang Ruofei ( 11 October 1896 -- 8 April 1946 ) was a high - ranking member of the Chinese Communist Party .
Gianluigi Gasparetti ( 26 March 1958 -- 12 April 2013 ) , known by the pseudonym Oöphoi , was an Italian ambient musician .
Carlo Savina ( 2 August 1919 - 23 June 2002 ) was an Italian composer and conductor who composed , arranged , and conducted music for films - and is especially remembered for being the music director of films such as The Godfather ( 1972 ) , Amarcord ( 1973 ) , and The Bear ( 1988 ) .
Francis Rawle ( 1660 -- 5 March 1727 ) , originally from England , was a Quaker and colonist in Philadelphia , where he served in administrative positions and was a member of the assembly .
Emilio Vieyra ( 12 October 1920 -- 25 January 2010 ) , sometimes credited as Raúl Zorrilla , was an Argentine film director , actor , screenwriter and film producer , between 1950 and the 1990s .
Prince Joseph Ferdinand of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha ( full name Joseph Ferdinand Maria Michael Gabriel Raphael Gonzaga ; 21 May 1869 - 13 August 1888 ) , known in Brazil as Dom José Fernando , was a prince of the house of Saxe - Coburg - Gotha .
Dirk Albert Hooijer ( 30 May 1919 -- 26 November 1993 ) , often only known by his author abbreviation D. A. Hooijer , was a Dutch paleontologist .
Charles Liddell ( 1813 - 10 August 1894 ) , was an English railway engineer .
Otar Chkheidze ( 28 November 1920 . Village Kelktseuli , region of Gori , Georgia -- 2007 ) Georgian writer , literary man , PhD ( 1949 ) .
Nicolai Lumholtz ( 19 September 1729 -- 20 June 1819 ) was a Danish - Norwegian bishop .
Wilhelm Wegener ( 29 April 1895 -- 24 September 1944 ) was a German general of infantry , serving during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords .
Ramnad Krishnan ( 14 September 1918 - 29 January 1973 ) was a vocalist in the Carnatic tradition .
Samuel Chandanappally ( 13 May 1940 -- 3 July 2000 ) , who was born C.D. Samuel , was an Indian writer , college professor and orator .
Max Johannes Arildskov ( February 17 , 1896 -- 1986 ) was a Danish National Socialist political activist and collaborator prior to and during World War II .
Muhammad Abu Mansur al - Maturidi ( 853 - -944 AD ) ( Persian : محمد بن محمد بن محمود أبو منصور ماتریدی سمرقندی حنفی‎‎ ) was a scholar of Islamic jurisprudence and Qur'anic exegesis .
Anthony Bonvisi ( 1470s-1558 ) was an Italian emigrant to England .
James Hain Friswell ( 8 May 1825 -- 12 March 1878 ) was an English essayist and novelist .
Horace R. Cayton , Jr. ( 1903 - -1970 ) was a prominent American sociologist , newspaper columnist , and author who specialized in studies of working - class black Americans , particularly in mid-20th - century Chicago .
Artie Cambridge ( 25 December 1901 -- 30 July 1955 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
James Yimm Lee ( Chinese : 嚴鏡海 , published as James Y. Lee ) ( 1920 - 1972 ) was an American martial arts pioneer , teacher , author , and publisher .
Tsokye Dorje ( Tibetan : གཙོ་སྐྱེས་རྡོ་རྗེ , Wylie : mTs'o skyes rdo rje , 1450 - -1510 ) was a regent of Tibet who ruled in 1491 - -1499 .
Elizabeth Cowell ( 1912 - -1998 ) was a British broadcaster and the first woman television announcer .
Mhic Mac Comhaltan Ua Cleirigh ( died 1025 ) was King of Ui Fiachrach Aidhne .
Alexander Bonini ( ca . 1270 -- 1314 ) was an Italian Franciscan philosopher , who became Minister General of the Order of Friars Minor .
Vice Admiral Sir William Clarkson , KBE , CMG ( 26 March 1859 -- 21 January 1934 ) is regarded as the co - founder of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) , in which he served as a senior commander .
Jassa Singh Ramgarhia ( 1723 - -1803 ) was a prominent Sikh leader during the period of the Sikh Confederacy .
Kessie Govender ( 1942 - -2002 ) was a pioneering voice in South African protest theatre , a playwright , actor and theatre director , who founded the Stable Theatre , a Durban - based theatre company in 1970 and is most known for his play , Working Class Hero ( 1979 ) and The Shack ( 1979 ) .
Alexander Peckover , 1st Baron Peckover FRGS , FSA , FLS ( 16 August 1830 -- 21 October 1919 ) , was a British Quaker banker , philanthropist and collector of ancient manuscripts .
Ivy Granstrom ( September 28 , 1911 -- April 14 , 2004 ) was a blind Canadian Masters athlete .
Barbro Eriksdotter ( Bielke ) ( died 1553 ) , known in history as Barbro Påle ( In English : `` Barbara Stake '' ) was a Swedish noble and land lord .
Nguyễn Văn Lém ( referred to as Captain Bảy Lốp ) ( 1931 or 1932 -- 1 February 1968 ) was a member of the National Liberation Front who was summarily executed in Saigon by General Nguyễn Ngọc Loan during the Tet Offensive .
Leigh Mercer ( 1893 - -1977 ) was a noted British wordplay and recreational mathematics expert .
Thorfinn of Hamar ( died 1285 ) was the Bishop of the Ancient Diocese of Hamar in medieval Norway .
Diego Marín Aguilera ( 1757 - -1799 ) was a Spanish inventor who was an early aviation pioneer .
Jagannath Sarkar ( 25 September 1919 -- 8 April 2011 ) was an Indian Communist leader , freedom fighter , and writer on social issues .
George Burnett Barton ( 9 December 1836 -- 12 September 1901 ) was an Australian lawyer , journalist and historian .
Aliki Diplarakou , Lady Russell ( Greek : Αλίκη Διπλαράκου ; 28 August 1912 -- 30 October 2002 ) , was the first Greek contestant to win the Miss Europe title .
Francis Maseres ( 15 December 1731 -- 19 May 1824 ) was an English lawyer .
Andrée Clair ( May 5 , 1916 - 1982 ) was a writer who was born in France , but is associated with Niger .
Hans Eleonardus Møller ( 8 November 1804 -- 12 September 1867 ) was a Norwegian politician and businessperson .
Bill Bowe ( 29 January 1879 -- 11 March 1920 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sigurd Christian Brinch ( 3 October 1874 -- 1956 ) was a Norwegian manager and politician .
Vice Admiral Vicente Merino Bielich ( 1889 - 1977 ) was a Chilean naval officer and political figure .
Christa Williams ( born : Christa Bojarzin 5 February 1926 -- 28 or 29 July 2012 ) was a German pop singer most popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
William C. Kingsley ( 1833 - 1885 ) was a construction contractor who is best known for being was one of the main figures involved in the creation of the Brooklyn Bridge
Jan Leśniak ( 1898 -- 1976 in Vienna ) was a Polish military intelligence officer in the Interbellum and World War II .
Ratu Josefa Celua ( circa 1855 -- 1886 ) was a Fijian chief from the island of Bau .
Edward Clarke Lowe ( 15 December 1823- March 30 , 1912 ) was an English educator and a key participant in the foundation and development of the Woodard Schools .
Maria Rosetti ( born Marie Grant ; 1819 -- February 25 ( O.S. February 13 ) 1893 ) was a Guernsey born Wallachian and Romanian political activist , journalist , essayist , philanthropist and socialite .
Laurence Michelmore ( 1909 -- April 10 , 1997 ) was UNRWA 's Commissioner - General from 1964 to 1971 .
Solomon Eccles ( 1618 - -1683 ) , also known as Solomon Eagle , was an English composer .
Hope Stevens ( 1905 in Tortola -- 1982 in Queens , New York ) was a lawyer and political activist .
Henry Frederick Beaumont DL JP ( 10 March 1833 , Scarborough -- 13 October 1913 , Ascot ) was a British Liberal and Liberal Unionist politician .
Edwin Alexander Forbes ( 1860 - -1915 ) , who served as the Adjutant General of California from 4 January 1911 to 18 June 1915 , is known as the Father of the California Cadet Corps .
William Ward , 3rd Viscount Dudley and Ward ( 21 January 1750 -- 25 April 1823 ) was a British peer and politician .
Umanji ( c. 1968 -- 26 February 2008 ) , born Maruti Johannes Nkuna , was a South African musician and singer - songwriter .
Hugh Buhrich ( 25 April 1911 -- 18 June 2004 ) was a German architect who arrived in Australia as a refugee from Nazi Germany before World War II . Buhrich 's practice , of 40 years , covered commercial and domestic projects .
Sir John Barnard Byles ( 11 January 1801 -- 3 February 1884 ) was a British barrister , judge and author of books on law and the economy .
Helen Fairchild Smith ( died 1926 ) was the daughter of Augustus William Smith .
William Carrick ( Russian : Вильям Андреевич Каррик ) ( 31 December 1827 -- 11 November 1878 ) was a Scottish - Russian artist and photographer .
Edward Bernard `` Bernie '' Kirwan Ward ( 2 April 1909 -- 5 March 1983 ) was a journalist most notable for his work with the Daily News in Perth , Western Australia .
Louis Henri de Pardaillan de Gondrin , marquis de Montespan ( 1640 -- 1 December 1691 ) , was a French nobleman , most notable as the husband of Louis XIV 's mistress Madame de Montespan .
Göran Liljestrand ( 16 April 1886 -- 16 January 1968 ) , Swedish pharmacologist , known for the discovery of the Euler - Liljestrand mechanism .
Potapy Emelianov ( 1884 , Ufa Guberniya , Russian Empire - 14 August 1936 , Karelian ASSR , USSR ) was a Russian Catholic priest and confessor .
Henry Jeanes ( 1611 - -1662 ) was an English clergyman and puritan controversialist .
Barbara Leonie Picard ( 17 December 1917 -- 15 December 2011 ) was a British writer of children 's books , known best for historical fiction and for retellings of ancient myths and medieval legends .
Dr. Peter Cormac Sutherland ( 1822 - 30 November 1900 ) Born in Newlands of Forse , near Latheron , Caithness , Scotland .
George Picknell ( 29 November 1813 -- 26 February 1863 ) was an English cricketer active from 1835 to 1854 who played for Sussex .
Marcella Lotti della Santa ( sometimes incorrectly called Marcellina ) ( September 1831 - 9 February 1901 ) was an Italian opera singer who had an active international career during the 1850s and 1860s .
Foster Bell ( 1814 - 1857 ) was a British jockey who most notably won the 1845 Epsom Derby on The Merry Monarch .
Vito Taccone ( 6 May 1940 -- 15 October 2007 ) was an Italian road cyclist .
Jean Poton de Xaintrailles ( 1390 ? -- 7 October 1461 ) , a minor noble of Gascon origin , was one of the chief lieutenants of Joan of Arc .
William Byrd I ( 1652 -- 4 December 1704 ) was a native of Shadwell , London , England .
Charles Perry or Chuck Perry ( 1937 - -1999 ) , was the founding president of Florida International University in Miami , having pushed for the university 's founding from 1943 until 1965 .
Dr. Branko Švarc ( 1894 - -1972 ) was Croatian judge and Mayor of Koprivnica .
Walter de Merton ( c. 1205 -- 27 October 1277 ) was Bishop of Rochester and founder of Merton College , Oxford .
Enrique Flamini also known as Enrico Flamini ( 17 April 1917 -- 11 January 1982 ) was an Argentine - Italian footballer and manager .
Isaac Reed ( 1 January 1742 -- 5 January 1807 ) was an English Shakespearean editor .
Baron John Both de Bajna ( Croatian : Ivan Bot od Bajne , Hungarian : bajnai Both János ; ? -- 1493 ) was a Hungarian nobleman from the Both family , who served as , alongside Emeric Derencsényi , Ban of Croatia , Slavonia and Dalmatia in 1493 .
His Worship John Cottesmore SL JP ( died 29 August 1439 ) was a British justice of unknown origin .
Guillermina Green ( 1922 - -2006 ) , also known as Guillermina Grin , was a Spanish film actress .
Yazid ibn al - Walid ibn ' Abd al - Malik or Yazid III ( 701 -- 25 September 744 ) ( Arabic : يزيد بن الوليد بن عبد الملك‎ ) was an Umayyad caliph .
Erwin Knoll ( 1931 - -1994 ) was an American journalist who was editor of The Progressive from 1973 to 1994 .
John Kuzhinapurath , OIC , ( 1904 - -1994 ) was among the first priests who united with the Catholic Church along with Archbishop Mar Ivanios on 20 September 1930 in the process of the formation of the Syro - Malankara Catholic Church .
Carl Peter Holbøll ( born 31 December 1795 in Copenhagen -- deceased 1856 in the North Atlantic ) was an officer in the Danish Royal Navy , Greenland colonial officer and explorer of the Greenlandic fauna .
Petro Mirchuk ( Ukrainian : Петро Мірчук ) ( 1913 - -1999 ) was a Ukrainian writer living in United States and a leading member of the Ukrainian liberation movement ( Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists ) .
General John Burgoyne ( 24 February 1722 -- 4 August 1792 ) was a British army officer , politician and dramatist .
Alexander Roderick McLeod ( c. 1782 -- 11 June 1840 ) was a fur trader and explorer who began his career with the North West Company in 1802 .
Michael J. Cullen ( 1884 - -1936 ) was an American entrepreneur and salesman of Irish descent , perhaps best known as the founder of the King Kullen grocery store chain , widely considered to be the first supermarket founded in America .
Shaban Gashi ( 1939 - -1990 ) was a Yugoslav cinematographer and photographer .
Frederick Piper ( 23 September 1902 -- 22 September 1979 ) was an English actor who appeared in over 80 films and many television productions in a career spanning over 40 years .
Peter William Clayden ( 20 October 1827 -- 19 February 1902 ) was a British Nonconformist and Liberal journalist and author .
Reverend Richard Boys MA ( 1785 - -1867 ) was a Church of England clergyman and author , most notable for his tenure as Chaplain on St. Helena at the time of Napoleon Bonaparte 's exile there .
Samuel Fischer , later Samuel von Fischer ( 24 December 1859 -- 15 October 1934 ) , was a Hungarian - born German publisher , the founder of S. Fischer Verlag .
Hugo Erich Meyer von Klinggräff ( 7 June 1820 in Klein Watkowitz , Stuhm -- 3 April 1902 in Paleschken , Stuhm ) was a German botanist specialist of bryophytes .
Piotr Wawrzyniak ( 30 January 1849 in Wyrzeka -- 9 November 1910 in Poznań ) was a Polish priest , economic and educational activist , patron of the Union of the Earnings and Economic Societies ( Związek Spółek Zarobkowych i Gospodarczych ) .
Ghiyath al - Din Kaykhusraw II or Ghiyāth ad - Dīn Kaykhusraw bin Kayqubād ( Persian : غياث الدين كيخسرو بن كيقباد‎‎ ) was the sultan of the Seljuqs of Rûm from 1237 until his death in 1246 .
Nikolaus Gerbel ( or Gerbellius ) ( c. 1485 -- 1560 ) was a German humanist , jurist and doctor of both laws .
Raoul III of Tosny ( † c. 1126 ) , seigneur de Conches - en - Ouche , was an Anglo - Norman nobleman of the house of Tosny .
Simon Henry Adolph , Count of Lippe - Detmold ( born : 25 January 1694 ; died : 12 October 1734 ) was a ruler of the county of Lippe .
Pope Eusebius ( from Greek Εὐσέβιος `` pious '' ; died 17 August 309 or 310 ) was the Bishop of Rome from 18 April to his death in 309 or 310 .
Empress Liu E ( 劉娥 ) ( died 314 ) , courtesy name Lihua ( 麗華 ) , formally Empress Wuxuan ( 武宣皇后 , literally `` the martial and responsible empress '' ) was an empress of the Chinese / Xiongnu state Han Zhao .
Daniel Camargo Barbosa ( 22 January 1930 -- 13 November 1994 ) was a Colombian psychopathic serial killer .
Nafiz Bezhani ( 1928 - -2004 ) was an Albanian jurist , politician and writer .
Wolf Huber ( c. 1485 -- June 3 , 1553 ) was an Austrian painter , printmaker , and architect , a leading member of the Danube School .
Anton Fils ( also Antonín Fils , Johann Anton Fils , Johann Anton Filtz ) , 22 September 1733 ( baptized ) -- 14 March 1760 ( buried ) was a German classical composer .
Adolf Rusch von Ingweiler ( ca . 1435 - 26 May 1489 in Straßburg ) was a notable German printer and publisher .
Murray Hantman ( 1904 - -1999 ) was a painter , muralist , and teacher .
Norman Mitchell Driver , better known as Norman Mitchell ( 27 August 1918 -- 19 March 2001 ) was an English television , stage and film actor .
Alan Wheatley ( 19 April 1907 -- 30 August 1991 ) was an English actor and former radio announcer .
John Swinton , Lord Swinton ( 1723 - -1799 ) was a Scottish lawyer , judge and writer .
Adam Kok III ( 16 October 1811 - 30 December 1875 ) was a leader of the Griqua people in South Africa .
Gbenga Adeboye ( 1959 - April 2003 ) was a Nigerian singer , comedian , radio presenter and master of ceremony .
Rebecca Agatha Armour ( 25 October 1845 -- 24 April 1891 ) was a Canadian teacher and novelist born in Fredericton , New Brunswick .
Lena Gurr ( 1897 - -1992 ) , was an American artist who made paintings , prints , and drawings showing , as one critic said , `` the joys and sorrows of everyday life . ''
M. Antoine Craan ( 17 January 1931 -- 12 January 2010 ) was a Haitian - Canadian soccer player and one of the first black professional soccer players in Quebec province .
Andrew Hannah ( 17 September 1864 -- 17 June 1940 ) was a Scottish international footballer who missed just two games at right back in Everton 's 1890 - -91 title winning season .
Georg Braathe ( 15 December 1903 -- 23 May 1968 ) was a Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in the 5000 and 10,000 metres .
Tudor Ganea ( 1922 - -1971 ) was a Romanian mathematician , known for his work in algebraic topology , especially homotopy theory .
Mihemed Şêxmûs Salih ( 1948 - -1989 ) , also known as Mihemed Şêxo in Kurdish , was one of the most important Kurdish folk singers .
Abdul Razak Abdul Hamid ( 7 July 1925 -- 18 July 2013 ) was a Malaysian academic and the only Malaysian survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 .
Antonio Beltrami ( 1724 - -1784 ) was an Italian painter active in the late - Baroque and Neoclassic periods .
Aldo Massola ( September 9 , 1910 -- July 6 , 1975 ) was an Italian - Australian anthropologist , a curator at the National Museum of Victoria in Melbourne from 1954 to 1964 , who overcame scandal in his personal life to author a number of influential books about Victoria 's indigenous Koori population .
George Stiff ( 1807 - -1873 ) was an English engraver and newspaper proprietor .
Huda bin Abdul Haq ( also known as Ali Ghufron , Muklas or Mukhlas ) ( February 1960 -- 9 November 2008 ) was an Indonesian who was convicted and executed for his role in coordinating the 2002 Bali bombings , an act of terrorism .
Lancelot Ridley ( died 1576 ) , was an English clergyman , known as a theological writer , and rector of St James ' Church , Stretham , Cambridgeshire .
Danny Powell ( 29 May 1922 -- 27 January 2013 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Anna Vigfúsdóttir á Stóru - Borg ( died 1571 ) , was an active Icelandic landlord .
Wilhelm Roser ( 26 March 1817 -- 16 December 1888 ) was a German surgeon and ophthalmologist .
Walter Brooks ( 1 April 1832 - 14 March 1907 ) was a Professor of Music and an organist based in Birmingham .
Vijaya Raje Scindia ( 12 October 1919 -- 25 January 2001 ) born Lekha Divyeshwari and known popularly as the Rajmata of Gwalior , was a prominent Indian political personality .
Ngô Văn Chiêu ( 28 February 1878 -- 1932 ) was the first disciple of Đức Cao Đài .
Charles Henry Pearson ( 7 September 1830 -- 29 May 1894 ) was a British - born Australian historian , educationist , politician and journalist .
John Poyntz ( ca . 1485 -- 1544 ) was an English courtier and politician , Member of Parliament for Devizes in 1529 .
Peter Alexander Hay ( 1866 - -1952 ) R.I. , R.S.W. , R.B.C. was a Scottish genre , still - life , portrait and landscape watercolourist .
Ernest Melville Charles Guest DFC ( May 1920 -- 4 October 1943 ) was a Southern Rhodesian Royal Air Force pilot of the Second World War .
Andargachew Messai ( 25 March 1902 - 16 August 1981 ) was an Ethiopian diplomat and the husband of Princess Tenagnework Haile Selassie of Ethiopia , the eldest child of Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen Asfaw .
Pierre - Philippe Thomire ( 1751 - -1843 ) a French sculptor , was the most prominent bronzier , or producer of ornamental patinated and gilt - bronze objects and furniture mounts of the First French Empire .
Shunkan ( 俊寛 ) ( c. 1143 -- 1179 ) was a Japanese monk who , after taking part in the Shishigatani plot to overthrow Taira no Kiyomori , was exiled along with two others to Kikai - ga - shima .
Lê Văn Hưu ( 1230 - -1322 ) was an historian of the Trần Dynasty .
Ivan Fredericks ( 1864 - -1904 ) , known as Russian Jack ( Русский Джек ) , was a goldminer of the Western Australian gold rush in the 1880s .
Rev. Hon . Edward Lyttelton ( 23 July 1855 -- 26 January 1942 ) was an English sportsman , schoolmaster and cleric from the Lyttelton family .
Sam Ybarra ( 1945 - 1982 ) was a United States Army soldier who served in the Tiger Force commando unit attached to the 101st Airborne Division during the Vietnam War .
Gerry Henry ( 5 October 1920 -- 1979 ) was a professional footballer who played for Leeds United , Bradford Park Avenue , Sheffield Wednesday and Halifax Town .
Christine Sophie von Gähler , née von Ahlefeldt , ( 1745 -- 18 July 1792 ) , was a Danish noble and courtier , known for her love life and unconventional life style , known in history as one of the Three Graces of the Danish royal court .
Ananus ben Ananus ( Hebrew : חנן בן חנן Hanan ben Hanan Greek : Ἀνάνου Ἄνανος `` Ananos son of Ananos '' var : Ananias , Latin : Anani Ananus or Ananus filius Anani ) , d. 68 CE , was a Herodian - era High Priest of Israel in Jerusalem , Iudaea Province .
Cellach Cualann mac Gerthidi ( died 715 ) was the last Uí Máil king of Leinster .
William Strang , 1st Baron Strang GCMG KCB MBE ( 2 January 1893 -- 27 May 1978 ) was a British diplomat who served as a leading adviser to the British Government from the 1930s to the 1950s and as Permanent Under - Secretary at the Foreign Office from 1949 to 1953 .
Joost Baljeu ( 1 November 1925 -- 1 July 1991 ) was a Dutch painter , sculptor and writer .
Mariyam Kaba'afa'anu Rani Kilege ( died 1691 ) , was a Sultana consort of the Maldives , married to sultan Ibrahim Iskander I of the Maldives .
Thomas Sparke ( 1548 - -1616 ) was an English clergyman , who represented the Puritan point of view both at the 1584 Lambeth Conference and the 1604 Hampton Court Conference .
Andrew Rutherford , 1st Earl of Teviot ( died 4 May 1664 ; sometimes spelt `` Rutherfurd '' ) was a Scottish soldier .
Petar Zinaić ( died 2008 in Belgrade at the age of 90 ) was a Serb Partisan who was the first member of the force to be investigated for war crimes by the Republic of Croatia .
Acting Captain Michael Floud Blaney GC ( 14 November 1910 -- 13 December 1940 ) , known as Max Blaney , was posthumously awarded the George Cross for defusing enemy bombs during the Blitz in 1940 .
Thomas Boleyn , 1st Earl of Wiltshire , 1st Earl of Ormond , 1st Viscount Rochford KG KB ( c. 1477 -- 12 March 1539 ) was an English diplomat and politician in the Tudor era .
Henriette Louise de Bourbon ( Henriette Louise Marie Françoise Gabrielle ; 15 January 1703 -- 19 September 1772 ) was a French Princess by birth and a member of the House of Bourbon .
Archibald Seton ( 1758- 30 March 1818 ) was a Scottish East India Company colonial administrator , Resident and Civil servant .
James Sterling Tippett ( September 7 , 1885 in Memphis , Missouri -- 1958 ) was an American educator and children 's writer .
Baron Johann Wilhelm von Müller ( 4 March 1824 -- 24 October 1866 ) was a German ornithologist and explorer .
João Rodrigues Esteves ( c. 1700 - -c . 1751 ) was a portuguese composer of religious music .
Arvid Kurck ( also known as Arvid Kurki , born 1464 in Vesilahti , died 22 July 1522 in Öregrund ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Turku from 1510 to 1522 .
Adityawarman then founded the royal dynasty of Minangkabau in Pagarruyung and presided over the central Sumatra region to take control of the gold trade between 1347 and 1375 .
Frank O'Connor ( born Michael Francis O'Donovan ; 17 September 1903 -- 10 March 1966 ) was an Irish writer of over 150 works , best known for his short stories and memoirs .
Bertha Felicitas Sophie Freifrau von Suttner ( Baroness Bertha von Suttner , née Countess Kinsky , Gräfin Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau ; 9 June 1843 -- 21 June 1914 ) was a Czech - Austrian pacifist and novelist .
Peter Handford ( 21 March 1919 -- 6 November 2007 ) was an English location sound recordist .
Henrik Bech ( c.1718 -- 1776 ) was a Danish - born wood carver who settled in Norway from around 1750 .
Charles James Apperley ( 1777 -- 19 May 1843 ) , English sportsman and sporting writer , better known as Nimrod , the pseudonym under which he published his works on the chase and on the turf , was born at Plasgronow , near Wrexham , in Denbighshire , North Wales in 1777 .
Sisto Fabri ( 1540 - -1594 ) was a theologian and canon lawyer of the Dominican Order who was appointed Master of the Sacred Palace by Pope Gregory XIII serving from 1580 to 1583 , and Master of the Order of Preachers from 1583 to 1589 .
Sahana Devi ( Bengali : সাহানা দেবী ) ( 1897 - -1990 ) was an Indian singer , she was a widely listened to singer of Rabindra Sangeet .
Sir John Finet or Finett ( 1571 - -1641 ) was the English Master of the Ceremonies in the Stuart court .
Keith Falconer Fletcher was born in Altamont , New York , on September 24 , 1900 and died in Modesto , California , in 1987 .
Adam Opel ( 9 May 1837 -- 8 September 1895 ) was the founder of the German automobile company Adam Opel AG .
Dharma Manikya II ( ruled 1714 - 1733 ) was the king of Tripura Kingdom from 1714 until 1733 , although his power was greatly diminished in 1732 with the rise to power of Jagat Manikya with the aid of the Nawab of Bengal , Shuja - ud - Din Muhammad Khan .
Ifor Pritchard ( 1940 - 9 October 2010 ) was an artist and former art teacher predominantly at Ysgol Sir Huw Owen , Caernarfon in North Wales , retiring in 1992 .
Alija Alijagić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Алија Алијагић ; 1896 -- 8 March 1922 ) was a Bosnian communist and assassin known for murdering Milorad Drašković .
Dr Ronald Ian Currie FRSE CBE ( 1928 - 1996 ) was a Scottish marine biologist .
Edward Montagu , 1st Baron Montagu of Boughton KB ( aka Sir Knight Edward Montague of Boughton Castle ) ( 1563 -- 15 June 1644 ) was an English politician .
Archibald Paton Thornton ( 1921 -- 19 February 2004 ) was an academic and historian .
Sofia Lovisa Gråå née Palm , ( 1749 -- 8 May 1835 ) was a Swedish educator of actors , and noted for innovations that in modern times would be described as feminist .
Sir William Scott , 6th Baronet ( 26 July 1803 -- 12 October 1871 ) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1829 to 1830 and 1859 to 1870 .
Aditya I ( c. 870 -- c. 907 CE ) , the son of Vijayalaya , was the Chola king who extended the Chola dominions by the conquest of the Pallavas and occupied the Western Ganga Kingdom .
William Douglas Allen ( 27 July 1914 -- 7 May 2008 ) was a physicist and electrical engineer .
Sir Nicholas de Loveyne ( died 24 September 1375 ) was a major English property owner and courtier , who held a number of senior positions in the service of King Edward III .
Marjorie Best ( 10 April 1903 -- 14 June 1997 ) was an American Hollywood costume designer best known for her period designs .
Friedrich Gabriel Sulzer ( 10 October 1749 -- 14 December 1830 ) was a German physician from Gotha , Thuringia .
Sir Bevis Bulmer ( 1536 - -1615 ) was an English mining engineer during the reigns of Elizabeth I and James I. He has been called ' one of the great speculators of that era ' .
Stanley Dimbleby ( 27 November 1916 -- 17 October 1992 ) was an English footballer who played at left - half for Hull City and Port Vale .
William E. Henry ( 1918 - -1994 ) was an American psychologist who worked on projective personality assessment , particularly in relation to executive leadership .
Jean Balthasar Tricklir ( 1750 -- 29 November 1813 ) was a French cellist and composer of German descent .
Jacob Stainer ( c. 1619 -- 1683 ) was the earliest and best known Austrian luthier .
John Arnull ( 1753 - 1815 ) was an English flat racing jockey .
Dennis Griffiths ( 8 December 1933 -- 24 December 2015 ) was a British journalist and newspaper historian .
Johanna Magdalena Catharina Judith van Dorth ( 7 May 1747 , Warnsveld - 22 November 1799 , Winterswijk ) , known as Freule Van Dorth ( Lady of Dorth ) , was a Dutch orangist and aristocrat .
Mosalikanti Thirumala Rao ( Telugu : మొసలికంటి తిరుమలరావు ) ( b : 29 January 1901 - d : 1970 ) was an Indian freedom activist and Parliament member .
Dejazmatch Haregot Abbai ( Abay ) KCVO ( Knight Commander of the Victorian Order ) ( 1909 - 1979 ) was an Eritrean businessman and politician .
Luigi Pistilli ( 19 July 1929 -- 21 April 1996 ) was an Italian actor of stage , screen , and television .
Sir David Napley ( 25 July 1915 -- 24 September 1994 ) was an English solicitor .
Joachim Sadrozinski ( 9 September 1907 -- 29 September 1944 ) was a German officer who took part in the 20 July plot .
Louis Philippe de Bombelles ( German : Ludwig Philipp von Bombelles ; 1 July 1780 - 7 July 1843 ) was an Austrian count and diplomat .
Robert Priday ( 29 March 1925 -- 30 September 1998 ) was a South African footballer who played as a midfielder for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League .
Melvin H. Ribble ( 11 January 1870 Nodaway , Iowa -- 3 May 1964 Lincoln , Nebraska ) was an American cornetist , baritone hornist , and prolific composer and arranger of concert band music .
Mohammed Kaghat ( 1942 - -2001 ) is a Moroccan playwright , actor and stage director .
Alberto Collo ( 6 May 1883 -- 7 May 1955 ) was an Italian actor who appeared in more than a hundred and thirty films during his career , mostly during the silent era .
Gertrude Bugler ( 1897 -- 1992 ) was a British stage actress of the Edwardian Era best known for acting in plays adapted by Thomas Hardy .
Henry de Vere , 18th Earl of Oxford KB ( 24 February 1593 -- June 1625 ) was an English aristocrat , courtier and soldier .
Ladislau de Souza Mello Netto ( 1838 - -1894 ) was a Brazilian botanist and director of the Brazilian National Museum in Rio de Janeiro .
Pieter Harting ( 27 February 1812 -- 3 December 1885 ) was a Dutch biologist and naturalist , born in Rotterdam .
Agnes Marion McLean Walsh ( née Gibson ; 10 June 1884 -- 12 August 1967 ) was head matron of King Edward Memorial Hospital , a Western Australian maternity hospital .
James Hinks ( born 1829 in Mullingar , Ireland - died 1878 ) bred and named the English Bull Terrier in the 1860s , as well as the English White Terrier .
Tom Sadlier ( 21 February 1890 -- 26 July 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Paul Emmert ( 1826 - 1867 ) , who is also known as Paul Emert , was an artist born near Berne , Switzerland in 1826 .
Saint Henry Morse ( 1595 -- 1 February 1645 ) was one of the Catholic Forty Martyrs of England and Wales .
Florent le Comte ( 1655 -- 1712 ) , was a French writer and engraver .
Waheed uz - Zaman Kiranawi ( Arabic : وحيد الزمان‎ ) ( 1930 - 1995 ) was an Sunni Islamic scholar from India .
Gulielmus Bucanus ( Guillaume Du Buc , in English William Bucanus ) ( died 1603 ) was a Swiss - French Calvinist theologian .
Bernard Youens ( born Bernard Arthur Popley ; 28 December 1914 -- 27 August 1984 ) was an English character actor , best remembered for his portrayal of the workshy , beer - swilling Stan Ogden in Coronation Street from 1964 until his death in 1984 .
Marjorie Lynette Sigley ( 22 December 1928 -- 13 August 1997 ) , also known as Sigi , was an English artist , writer , actress , teacher , choreographer , theatre director and television producer .
The Honourable Sir Humphrey Maud KCMG ( 17 April 1934 -- 10 November 2013 ) was a British diplomat .
Julius Hirsch ( 7 April 1892 -- declared dead 8 May 1945 ) was a German international footballer who was killed during the Holocaust .
Carlo Ignazio Monza ( c. 1680 or 1696 - 9 May 1739 ) was an Italian composer .
Christopher Deighton ( died 1605 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1572 and 1605 .
François Deguelt ( born Louis Deghelt , 4 December 1932 -- 22 January 2014 ) was a French singer , best known for his participation on behalf of Monaco in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1960 and 1962 .
Sir George Francis Hill KCB ( 22 December 1867 - -18 October 1948 ) was the Director and Principal Librarian of the British Museum ( 1931 - -1936 ) .
James Bertie , 1st Earl of Abingdon ( 16 June 1653 -- 22 May 1699 ) , styled Hon . James Bertie until 1657 and known as the 5th Baron Norreys from 1657 until 1682 , was an English nobleman .
Rosalie von Rauch ( Rosalie Wilhelmine Johanna ; 29 August 1820 -- 5 March 1879 ) , was a German noblewoman and since 1853 , Countess of Hohenau .
Marie Hicks ( December 20 , 1923 -- 19 April 2007 ) was an African American civil rights activist best known for leading thousands of pickets in 1965 - 1966 around the wall at Girard College .
Iovan Tsaous ( Greek : Γιοβάν Τσαούς , from the Turkish word çavuş , meaning `` sergeant '' ) ( 1893 - -1942 ) , was a Greek musician and composer of rebetiko songs from Pontus .
Tombs & Treasure ( Taiyou no Shinden Asteka II in Japan ) is an adventure game originally developed by Nihon Falcom in 1987 for the PC-8801 , PC-9801 , FM-7 and X1 Japanese computer systems .
NFL ' 97 is a follow - up video game to Sega 's classic Joe Montana series on the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis .
Nervous Brickdown ( known as SuperLite 2500 Brickdown and published by Success in Japan ) is a breakout clone video game developed by the French team Arkedo Studio and published by Eidos Interactive for Nintendo DS .
RealSports Boxing is a boxing based video game developed by Atari and released in 1987 for the Atari 2600 .
Pipe Mania is a puzzle game developed in 1989 by The Assembly Line for the Amiga .
The Gay Nighties is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film featuring Clark & McCullough and directed by Mark Sandrich .
Rahtree Reborn ( Thai : บุปผาราตรี 3.1 ) ( also known as Buppah Rahtree 3.1 ) is a 2009 Thai comedy - horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak .
Money Movers is a 1978 Australian crime action drama film directed by Bruce Beresford .
Everything 's Ducky is a 1961 comedy film directed by Don Taylor and written by Benedict Freedman annd John Fenton Murray .
Second Best Bed is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Tom Walls and starring Walls , Jane Baxter and Veronica Rose .
That year , H.D. attended Bryn Mawr College to study Greek literature , but left after only three terms due to poor grades and the excuse of poor health .
Ivan Petrella holds a Bachelor 's degree from Georgetown University 's School of Foreign Service , a Masters of Theological Studies from Harvard Divinity School and a Ph.D. in Religion and Law from Harvard University 's Committee on the Study of Religion in the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences .
Angela Hill grew up in Corpus Christi , Texas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1972 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism .
After his education , Raymond Barre was professor of economics at Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris ( Sciences Po ) .
Donald Malcolm Maxwell ( b 1934 , Watford , England - d 2007 , Scottsdale , Arizona ) was the 19th President of Pacific Union College .
Eli Upfal is a computer science researcher currently a professor in the computer science department at Brown University .
Saadi Lahlou is Professor in Social Psychology , in the Department of Social Psychology at the London School of Economics .
Owen Bennett - Jones is a freelance British journalist and one of the hosts of Newshour on the BBC World Service .
Robert W. Brodersen ( born November 1 , 1945 ) is a professor of electrical engineering , now emeritus , and a founder of the Berkeley Wireless Research Center ( BWRC ) at the University of California , Berkeley .
Heinrich Rombach ( 10 June 1923 in Freiburg i m Breisgau -- 5 February 2004 in Würzburg ) was a German philosopher and professor of philosophy at the University of Würzburg .
Franco P. Preparata is a computer scientist , the An Wang Professor , Emeritus , of Computer Science at Brown University .
Barbara Sturgeon is a British radio presenter and winner of two Sony Radio Awards for a show she presented on BBC Radio Kent during the 1980s .
Boaventura de Sousa Santos is a Professor at the School of Economics at the University of Coimbra , Distinguished Legal Scholar at the University of Wisconsin - Madison Law School , Global Legal Scholar at the University of Warwick and Director of the Centre for Social Studies ( CES ) at the University of Coimbra .
Marco Keiner ( * 13 . April 1963 in Überlingen , Germany ) is Director , Environment , Housing and Land Management Division at the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe ( UNECE ) .
L. John Doerr ( born June 29 , 1951 ) is an American venture capitalist at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in Menlo Park , California , in Silicon Valley .
Harold Garfinkel ( October 29 , 1917 -- April 21 , 2011 ) was an American sociologist , ethnomethodologist , and a Professor Emeritus at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Bruno Bosteels ( Dutch : ( ˈbɔsteːls ) ; born 1967 , Leuven , Belgium ) is a literary critic , a translator , and Professor of Romance Studies at Cornell University .
Bo Asplund currently serves as United Nations Secretary - General 's Deputy Special Representative for Afghanistan , the United Nations Resident Coordinator and the Humanitarian Coordinator in Afghanistan .
Pierre L. van den Berghe ( born 1933 ) is professor emeritus of sociology and anthropology at the University of Washington , where he has worked since 1965 .
John Castell ( aka John Castle ) ( c.1280 - -1426 ) was a Master of University College , Oxford , and later a Chancellor of the University of Oxford .
Derek Gregory Ph.D. ( Cantab ) FBA , FRSC ( born 1 March 1951 ) is a British academic and world - renowned geographer who is currently Peter Wall Distinguished Professor and Professor of Geography at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver .
Fred W. Friendly ( October 30 , 1915 -- March 3 , 1998 ) was a president of CBS News and the creator , along with Edward R. Murrow , of the documentary television program See It Now .
David E. Spencer is a professor of economics at Brigham Young University .
Robert Melson ( born 1937 ) is professor emeritus of political science and a member of the Jewish studies program at Purdue University , in Indiana , United States .
Hamid Mirzadeh ( Persian : حمید میرزاده , born November 29 , 1950 ) is an Iranian politician and academic who is the 3rd and current president of the Islamic Azad University system .
Brad Buckley ( born 1952 in Sydney ) is an artist , activist , urbanist and Professor of Contemporary Art and Culture at Sydney College of the Arts , University of Sydney .
Uk Heo is a professor of political science in the University of Wisconsin-- Milwaukee .
Maria Mavroudi ( born 1967 ) is a history professor at University of California , Berkeley .
Maged N. Kamel Boulos is a British health informatician , scientist and Professor of Digital Health currently based at the Alexander Graham Bell Centre of Digital Health , University of the Highlands and Islands , having worked before that at the University of Plymouth , at the University of Bath and at City University London .
Keith DeRose ( born April 24 , 1962 ) is an American philosopher teaching at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , where he is currently Allison Foundation Professor of Philosophy .
Ernst Mohr was a professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Wuppertal .
Shrawan Kumar is the John R. and Louise S. Parker distinguished professor of mathematics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Abdul Kamara is the United Nations Joint Special Representative in Darfur .
Patchen Markell ( born August 30 , 1969 ) is an associate professor of political science at the University of Chicago .
Paul Pierson ( born 1959 ) is a professor of political science and holder of the John Gross Endowed Chair of Political Science ( and he holds / held the Avice Saint Chair of Public Policy ) at the University of California , Berkeley .
Hernán Lara Zavala ( born 28 February 1946 ) is a Mexican novelist and academic at the National Autonomous University of Mexico .
Edward Loranus Rice ( 1871 - 1960 ) was a biologist and educator who served as the acting president of Ohio Wesleyan University .
Leon Katz ( born July 10 , 1919 ) is professor emeritus of drama at Yale University .
Murray Rosenblatt ( born September 7 , 1926 ) is a statistician specializing in time series analysis who is a professor of mathematics at the University of California , San Diego .
Huỳnh Công Út , known professionally as Nick Ut ( born March 29 , 1951 ) , is a photographer for the Associated Press ( AP ) who works out of Los Angeles .
Kate McAll is Executive Producer , Radio Drama at BBC Wales .
Alfonso Gómez - Lobo ( January 1 , 1940 -- December 31 , 2011 ) was a professor of metaphysics and moral philosophy at Georgetown University known for his critical evaluations of modern day ethics .
Lenni Montiel is the United Nations Assistant Secretary - General for Economic Development in the Department of Economic and Social Affairs .
Hugh Heclo ( born 1943 ) is a Clarence J. Robinson Professor of Public Affairs at George Mason University , in the United States .
Richard T. Sullivan ( died 1981 ) was a novelist , short - story writer , and member of the faculty of the University of Notre Dame .
Nihad Awad ( Arabic : نهاد عوض ) is the Executive Director and Founder of the Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) .
Bernhard Gröschel studied Slavic Studies , General Linguistics , Phonetics and Communication Studies at the University of Bonn .
Michael Brian Cookson OBE ( born 22 June 1951 ) is the president of the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) , having been elected to the post in September 2013 .
Joseph L. Armstrong was a professor at Duke University ( at the time , called `` Trinity College '' ) best known for reforming Duke 's curriculum in the late nineteenth century , changing it to a German research university model with the help of John Franklin Crowell .
A. Michael Noll ( born 1939 , Newark , New Jersey ) is an American engineer , and professor emeritus at the Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism at the University of Southern California .
Allan H. MacDonald is an theoretical condensed matter physicist and the Sid W. Richardson Foundation Regents Chair Professor of Physics at The University of Texas at Austin .
Bhubaneswar Mishra ( or Bud Mishra , born 9 November 1961 ) is an Indian American computer scientist and professor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences of New York University .
Lonnie D. Bentley ( born 1957 ) is an American computer scientist , and Professor and former Department Head of Computer and Information Technology at Purdue University , known with Kevin C. Dittman and Jeffrey L. Whitten as co - author of the textbook Systems Analysis and Design Methods , which is now in its 7th edition .
Daniel Fessler is a Professor of Biological Anthropology at the University of California , Los Angeles , working in the fields of evolutionary psychology , evolutionary anthropology , and evolutionary medicine .
Joseph Blenkinsopp , an academic theologian and Old Testament scholar , is the John A. O'Brien Professor Emeritus of Biblical Studies in the Department of Theology at the University of Notre Dame .
Fergus Nicoll is a journalist and author , currently presenting Business Matters on the BBC World Service .
Demetrios Bernardakis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Βερναρδάκης , Dimitrios Vernardakis , also transliterated Dimitrios Bernardakis , Mytilene 3 December 1833 - -25 January 1907 ) was a polymath writer and Professor of History at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
Laurie N. Gottlieb , RN , PhD , is a Professor , School of Nursing , McGill University , Montreal , Canada , where she holds the Flora Madeline Shaw Chair of Nursing .
Victor Lange ( 13 July 1908 -- 29 June 1996 ) was a renowned Germanist , known primarily for his work at Princeton University .
David Cooperrider ( born July 14 , 1954 ) grew up in Oak Park Illinois , and is the Fairmount Minerals Chair and Professor of Social Entrepreneurship at the Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University , and Faculty Director at the Center for Business as an Agent of World Benefit at Case .
Andrew McCallum is a professor and researcher in the computer science department at University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Arthur Gordon Clough ( 26 August 1934 , Salford , Lancashire -- 6 April 1996 , London ) , was an English radio presenter and journalist , primarily known for his work on BBC Radio 4 .
Eric Ober is an American broadcasting executive who served as president of CBS News from 1990 to 1996 and of Food Network from 1997 to 2000 .
Karel Jungwiert ( born 1 November 1944 ) is a Czech lawyer , and has been the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of the Czech Republic since the country 's accession to the Council of Europe in 1993 .
Reginald Gibbons ( born 1947 ) is an American poet , fiction writer , translator , literary critic , artist , and Professor of English , Classics , and Spanish and Portuguese at the Northwestern University School of Professional Studies .
James Mabbe or Mab ( 1572 - -1642 ) was an English scholar and poet , and a Fellow of Magdalen College , Oxford .
Jonathan Lear is the John U. Nef Distinguished Service Professor in the Committee on Social Thought , professor of philosophy , and Roman Family Director of the Neubauer Collegium on Culture and Society at the University of Chicago .
Joseph Henrich holds the Canada Research Chair in Culture , Cognition and Coevolution at the University of British Columbia , where he is a professor in the departments of psychology and economics .
Thomas A. DuBois is a Folklorist , scholar of Sámi culture , and a professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Ian Bartlett is a horse racing commentator and occasionally was an analyst for the BBC .
Magdalena Środa ( née Magdalena Ciupak , b. January 7 , 1957 in Warsaw ) is a Polish philosopher , professor of ethics at the University of Warsaw , and a feminist author .
Sverre Steen ( 1 August 1898 -- 23 June 1983 ) was a Norwegian historian , a professor at the University of Oslo , and known to the public through his radio series Langsomt ble landet vårt eget .
Susan Brantly is an American scholar in Scandinavian literature and a professor at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Jaegwon Kim ( born September 12 , 1934 ) is a Korean - American philosopher who is now an emeritus professor at Brown University , but who also taught at several other leading American universities .
Ingrid Eide ( born 12 July 1933 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian sociologist , United Nations official and politician for the Labour Party .
Rao S. Govindaraju is the Christopher B. and Susan S. Burke Professor of Civil Engineering at Purdue University .
Mark Doyle is a former world affairs correspondent for BBC News .
Howard M. Bahr has been a professor of Sociology at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) since 1973 and was director of field research for the Middletown IV study in 1999 .
Lin He ( born 1975 ) is an associate professor of cell and developmental biology at the University of California , Berkeley , in the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology , where she leads a lab focusing on identifying non - coding RNA which may play a role in tumorigenesis and tumor maintenance .
Frederick Michael Burdekin OBE , FREng , FRS is a British civil engineer , and emeritus professor at University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology .
Hans M. Kristensen ( born April 7 , 1961 ) is director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists .
A former research assistant professor at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque , Dr. Rebecca W. Keller worked in the molecular biology field .
John Pickstone ( 29 May 1944 -- 12 February 2014 ) was a British historian of science and the Wellcome Research Professor in the Centre for the History of science , Technology and Medicine , in the Faculty of Life Sciences of the University of Manchester .
Daniel Langton is Professor of the History of Jewish - Christian Relation in the department of Religions & Theology at the University of Manchester , England .
Allyne L. Merrill ( 1863 -- February 26 , 1941 ) was an American physicist who served as faculty secretary of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) from 1906 to June 1934 .
Christina Jutterström ( born March 27 , 1940 ) is a Swedish journalist , former chief editor for Dagens Nyheter between 1982 and 1995 and for Expressen between 1995 and 1996 .
Jean - Dominique Merchet ( born in Besançon , 26 October 1959 ) is a French journalist working for Marianne .
Cheshire Calhoun is Professor of Philosophy at Arizona State University and research professor at the Center for the Philosophy of Freedom at the University of Arizona .
Jeff Greenberg is a social psychology professor at the University of Arizona .
Étienne Fourmont ( Chinese : 傅爾蒙 ; pinyin : Fù Ěrméng ; 23 June 1683 -- 8 December 1745 ) was a French scholar and Orientalist who served as professor of Arabic at the Collège de France and published grammars on the Arabic , Hebrew , and Chinese languages .
Richard Huxtable ( born 1974 ) is the Deputy Director and Professor in Medical Ethics and Law at the Centre for Ethics in Medicine , at the University of Bristol .
Hilary Cunningham Scharper is a novelist and associate professor of cultural anthropology at the University of Toronto .
Aseem Prakash is Professor of Political Science and the Walker Family Professor for the Arts and Sciences at University of Washington - Seattle .
Sucharit Sarkar ( born in 1983 in Calcutta ) is an assistant Professor at Princeton University .
William Andrew Irwin ( 1884 - 1967 ) was Professor of Old Testament Languages and Literature at the University of Chicago and Southern Methodist University , where his papers can be found today .
Sid Gilman is a neurologist and expert on Alzheimer 's disease at the University of Michigan .
Irwin Weil ( born 1928 ) is a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Slavic Languages and Literature at Northwestern University .
Henry Courtenay Fenn , more commonly known as H. C. Fenn , ( February 26 , 1894 -- July 1978 ) was an American sinologist and architect of Yale University 's Chinese language program .
Foster Provost is Professor of information systems and NEC Faculty Fellow at New York University 's Stern School of Business .
Carolyn Quinn ( b. 22 July 1961 ) is a British journalist best known for her work on BBC Radio 4 as a political correspondent and for presenting the Today programme and PM .
Angela Cropper ( c. 1946 -- 12 November 2012 ) of Trinidad and Tobago served as Assistant Secretary - General and Deputy Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) .
Annette Huber - Klawitter ( née Huber , born 23 May 1967 ) is a German mathematician at the University of Freiburg .
Joanna Aizenberg is a professor of chemistry and chemical biology at Harvard University .
Bill Damaschke is an animated film producer and former chief creative officer at DreamWorks Animation .
Jens Bangsbo is a Danish published author on physiology and sports science , and a scholar in those fields , being a professor at University of Copenhagen .
Forest Dewey Dodrill ( January 26 , 1902 -- June 28 , 1997 ) born in Webster Springs , West Virginia was a doctor at Harper University Hospital at Wayne State University in Michigan who performed the first successful open heart surgery using a mechanical pump .
Martin Sixsmith ( born 24 September 1954 ) is a British author and radio / television presenter , primarily working for the BBC .
Gabriele Oettingen is a Professor of Psychology at New York University and the University of Hamburg .
Christopher Dale Pratt ( Chinese : 白紀圖 ) , CBE , was the Chairman and Executive Director of Cathay Pacific Airways Limited and Swire Pacific Limited .
Alexander Ebner ( born 19 October 1967 ) is a German social scientist and Professor of Social Economics , esp . Economic Sociology and Political Economy at Goethe University Frankfurt .
Whitney Warren ( January 29 , 1864 -- April 23 , 1943 ) was an architect with Charles Delevan Wetmore ( 1866 - -1941 ) at Warren and Wetmore in New York City .
Vijay K. Dhir ( born 1943 ) is the former Dean of the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science , holding the position from March 2003 to January 2016 .
Alan Andrew Watson , FRS , ( born 26 September 1938 in Edinburgh ) is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Leeds , UK .
Percival Everett ( born 1956 ) is an American writer and Distinguished Professor of English at the University of Southern California .
Sherry Bebitch Jeffe is a Senior Fellow at the USC Sol Price School of Public Policy at the University of Southern California .
David Cockburn ( born 12 October 1949 ) studied philosophy at St Andrews and Oxford , and has taught at Swansea , the Open University , and , until 2010 , has spent over 30 years at the University of Wales , Lampeter , where he teaches courses on the philosophy of mind , Spinoza , Wittgenstein among others .
Bonamy Dobrée ( 2 February 1891 -- 3 September 1974 ) , British academic , was Professor of English Literature at the University of Leeds from 1936 to 1955 .
Friedrich Stadler ( born July 17 , 1951 in Zeltweg , Styria ) is an Austrian historian of science and philosopher of science , and professor for history and philosophy of science at the University of Vienna .
John P. Wolfe ( born August 12 , 1970 ) is an American chemist and a professor of chemistry at the University of Michigan .
Luis Villa is an American attorney and programmer , and currently works as Senior Director of Community Engagement at the Wikimedia Foundation .
Hartmut Winkler ( born 1953 ) has been a Professor of Media Studies , Media Theory and Media Arts at the University of Paderborn in Germany since April 1999 .
Jean Martirez ( born January 19 , 1963 ) is a Filipino - American newscaster who formerly co - anchored the KTTV FOX 11 Morning News for 17 years , with Tony McEwing .
Leo Marx ( born November 15 , 1919 ) was a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an author known for his works in the field of American studies .
Friedrich Karl Max Vierhapper ( 7 March 1876 in Weidenau -- 11 July 1932 ) was an Austrian plant collector , botanist and professor of botany at the University of Vienna .
Edwin Harrison McHenry ( January 25 , 1859 - August 21 , 1931 ) was the fourth vice - president of the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad and first vice - president of the Consolidated Railway of Hartford , Connecticut .
Robert E. Horn ( born 1933 ) is an American political scientist who taught at Harvard , Columbia , and Sheffield ( U.K. ) universities , and has been a visiting scholar at Stanford University 's Center for the Study of Language and Information .
James R. Kincaid is an American academic , currently the Aerol Arnold Professor of English at the University of Southern California .
Ronald Inden is an American Indologist , and professor emeritus in the Departments of History and of South Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago and is a major scholar in South Asian and post - colonial studies .
Jon McKenzie is a Professor of English at the University of Wisconsin - Madison and the Director of the University of Wisconsin - Madison 's DesignLab .
Julian Parkhill ( born 1964 ) FRS is a Head of Pathogen Genomics at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in Cambridge , UK .
Agatha Sangma was born in New Delhi to P. A. Sangma , the former speaker of the Lok Sabha , and Soradini K. Sangma .
Genseric was an illegitimate son of King Godigisel ; he is assumed to have been born near Lake Balaton ( Hungary ) around 389 .
Manoj Tuli ( born 11 July 1960 ) , better known as Kumar Gaurav , is an Indian film actor and son of late actor Rajendra Kumar .
Prince Norodom Yuvaneath ( born October 17 , 1943 in Phnom Penh ) is the first son of the late king of Cambodia , Norodom Sihanouk and Princess Sisowath Pongsanmoni .
Waleran de Beaumont , 4th Earl of Warwick ( 1153 -- 12 December 1204 ) was the younger son of Roger de Beaumont , 2nd Earl of Warwick and Gundred de Warrenne , daughter of William de Warenne , 2nd Earl of Surrey and Elizabeth de Vermandois .
Paul Mendelssohn Bartholdy was the second son of the composer Felix Mendelssohn Bartholdy and Cécile Charlotte Sophie Jeanrenaud .
Sir Richard Bulstrode ( 1610 -- 3 October 1711 ) was an English author , diplomat and soldier , a son of Edward Bulstrode ( 1588 - -1659 ) .
Professor Dmytro Antonovych was the son of a Ukrainian historian Volodymyr Antonovych , the husband of Kateryna Antonovych , the father of Marko Antonovych and Mykhailo Antonovych .
Well Armed was sired by Tiznow out of the stakes - winning mare Well - Dressed , which places Seattle Slew on the top and bottom of his pedigree .
Masoud Barzani succeeded his father , the Kurdish nationalist leader Mustafa Barzani , as the leader of the KDP in 1979 .
Carl Sibbern ( 11 April 1809 -- 17 May 1880 ) was a Norwegian politician , son of Valentin Christian Wilhelm Sibbern .
Zahir Qadir is the son of Abdul Qadir a senior member of the anti - Taliban United Islamic Front ( Northern Alliance ) , and one of the first Vice Presidents of the Afghan Transitional Administration .
Thomas de Vere , 8th Earl of Oxford ( c. 1336 -- September 1371 ) was the second but first surviving son of John de Vere , 7th Earl of Oxford , and Maud de Badlesmere .
Jiiva was born as Amar to film producer R. B. Choudary and Mahjabeen on 4 January 1984 in Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Karthik Sivakumar ( born 25 May 1977 ) , better known by his stage name Karthi , is an Indian film actor who works in the Tamil film industry .
Cthylla ( the Secret Daughter of Cthulhu ) is a fictional character in the Cthulhu Mythos of H. P. Lovecraft .
Zhao Kuo ( 趙括 ; died 260 BC ) was a general of the State of Zhao in Warring States period , son of the famous general Zhao She , during the epic Battle of Changping between the States of Zhao and Qin in ancient China .
Eve Frank or Eva Frank ( 1754 -- 1816 or 1817 ) , born in Nikopol , Ottoman Empire ( now Bulgaria ) under the name Rebecca or Rachel , was the daughter of Jacob Frank , the claimant to the position of Jewish Messiah in the 18th century , and his wife Hannah Kohen .
Jean - Jacques De Gucht is the son of Karel De Gucht , former European Commissioner for Trade Policy , Belgian Minister of Foreign Affairs and chairman of the Flemish Liberals and Democrats .
Almutawakel ( foaled in 1995 in Great Britain , died in 2007 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Machiavellian and the Irish stakes - winning Green Desert mare , Elfaslah .
Infanta Beatrice of Coimbra ( 1435 - -1462 ) was the 5th child of Infante Peter , Duke of Coimbra , and Isabella of Urgell .
Narayana Varman ruled Kamarupa from the Varman dynasty for the period 494 - 518 , was son of Kamrupi King Mahendra Varman and Queen Suvrata .
Bred by Tartan Farms , the muscular bay Ogygian left his mark on 1980s racing as the `` swift but star - crossed '' fastest son of Damascus .
Badshah Begum was born in 1703 as a Mughal princess and was the daughter of Mughal Emperor Farrukhsiyar and his first wife , Gauhar - un - Nissa Begum .
Kang Tongbi or Kang Tung Pih ( Chinese : 康同璧 ; pinyin : Kāng Tóngbì ; 1887 - -1969 ) was the daughter of Kang Youwei , a Chinese reformer and political figure of the late Qing dynasty and early Republican era .
Born in Wangfujing , Beijing , Yuyan was the second son of Pucheng ( 溥偁 ) and Jinggui ( 敬貴 ) , a lady of the Fuca ( 富察 ) clan .
Flirting Around was a bay horse standing 15.3½ hands high with no white markings bred in Kentucky by John W. Winnett Jr. He was sired by Round Table a three - time American Turf Champion who was named Horse of the Year in 1958 .
Cathleen Mann was born in Newcastle upon Tyne on 31 December 1896 to the Scottish portrait painter Harrington Mann , the second of his three daughters .
Jules Barthélemy - Saint - Hilaire ( 19 August 1805 -- 24 November 1895 ) was a French philosopher , journalist , statesman , and possible illegitimate son of Napoleon I of France .
Born in Halle , North Rhine - Westphalia , Monica Theodorescu is the daughter of the German , former Romanian , dressage rider George Theodorescu and the German show jumping rider Inge Theodorescu ( born as Inge Fellgiebel ) .
The sire of Dark Ronald , Bay Ronald , was a moderate handicap racehorse and a useful sire .
Armin Dassler ( 15 March 1929 in Herzogenaurach , ( Germany ) - 10 October 1990 in Herzogenaurach ) was the son of Rudolf Dassler , German founder of the sportswear company Puma and nephew of Adidas founder , Adolf `` Adi '' Dassler .
Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo was born in Cuéllar on August 24 , 1499 , the son of Francisco Fernández de la Cueva , 2nd Duke of Alburquerque and his wife Francisca de Toledo .
It is not known when Wang Yanxi was born , but it is known that he was the 28th son of Wang Shenzhi , commonly regarded as Min 's first ruler and later posthumously honored as Emperor Taizu ( although formally , Wang Shenzhi remained a vassal of Tang and Later Liang ) .
Queen 's Logic was sired by Grand Lodge out of the mare Lagrion .
Sigrid Sparre was the daughter of General - major Baron Sixten David Sparre and Sofia Amalia Eleonora Lewenhaupt , and the cousin of governor Knut Sparre .
Alexander Georgievich , 7th Duke of Leuchtenberg , also known as Prince Alexander Georgievich Romanovsky or less commonly Alexander de Beauharnais ( 13 November 1881 -- 26 September 1942 ) was the only son of George Maximilianovich , 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg by his first wife Duchess Therese of Oldenburg .
Helen Johnson - Leipold is an American billionaire businesswoman , the daughter of Samuel Curtis Johnson , Jr. , who died in 2004 , and Imogene Powers Johnson and the great great granddaughter of S. C. Johnson & Son founder Samuel Curtis Johnson , Sr ..
Shapur - i Shahrvaraz was the son of Shahrbaraz , the famous Sasanian spahbed and briefly shahanshah .
Otto Sinding was born in Kongsberg as a son of mine superindendent Matthias Wilhelm Sinding ( 1811 - -1860 ) and Cecilie Marie Mejdell ( 1817 - -86 ) .
Lady Joan Holland ( ca . 1380 - -12 April 1434 ) was the third daughter of Thomas Holland , 2nd Earl of Kent , and Lady Alice FitzAlan .
Margareta Alströmer was born the child of the baron , statesman and amateur musician Patrick Alströmer and Christina Maria Ollonberg , and the granddaughter of Jonas Alströmer .
Cacamatzin was a son of the previous king Nezahualpilli by one of his mistresses .
Susan Alice Buffett ( 30 July 1953 ) is the daughter of Warren Buffett .
Eysteinn ( Swedish : Östen ; died ca 600 ) was the son of Eadgils and Yrsa of Saxony .
He was bred by American businessman John McNamee Sullivan and was raced by HH Aga Khan IV . A descendant of Nearco , Blushing Groom was sired by Red God and out of the mare Runaway Bride .
Shahzada Sulaiman Shikoh ( 15 March 1635 -- May 1662 ) also known as Sulaiman Shukoh , was the eldest son of Mughal prince Dara Shikoh .
The daughter of James Abbe , a photographer , and Polly Shorrick , a Ziegfeld girl , Patience Abbe was born in Paris to her globetrotting parents .
Robert Hossein is the son of André Hossein , a composer , and of a Jewish comedy actress from Kiev , Anna Minevskaya .
Soaring Free 's sire is the increasingly influential Smart Strike who also sired Eclipse Award winner English Channel and the 2007 American Horse of the Year , Curlin .
Maria Kinnaird ( 1810 - -1891 ) , born on St. Vincent , was orphaned by a volcanic eruption and was later adopted by the politician Richard Sharp , known as `` Conversation Sharp '' .
John Crescentius ( Italian : Giovanni Crescenzio ) also John II Crescentius or Crescentius III ( d. 1012 ) was the son of Crescentius the Younger ( Crescentius II ) .
General Peregrine Bertie , 3rd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven PC ( 1714 -- 12 August 1778 ) , styled Lord Willoughby de Eresby from 1715 to 1723 and Marquess of Lindsey from 1735 to 1742 was the son of Peregrine Bertie , 2nd Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven .
Legal Case was a bay horse with no white markings bred in Ireland by Ovidstown Investments Ltd. He was sired by the dual Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Alleged out of the mare Maryinsky .
Stephen the Posthumous ( 1236 - -1271 ) was the posthumous son of King Andrew II of Hungary by his third wife , Beatrice d'Este .
Bala Varman was successor and son of Samudra Varman ; ruled Kamarupa for the period 398 - 422 .
Julian Lloyd Webber is the second son of the composer William Lloyd Webber and his wife Jean Johnstone ( a piano teacher ) .
Franz Ries ( Berlin , 7 April 1846 -- Naumburg , 20 January 1932 ) was a Romantic German violinist and composer , son of Hubert Ries .
The third surviving son of the Yongzheng Emperor , Hongshi was banished from the imperial clan in 1725 , ostensibly for his support of his uncle Yunsi , who was a political rival to his father .
Sun Lang , courtesy name Zao'an ( 早安 ) , was a son of the warlord Sun Jian , who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Princess Amelia of Great Britain ( Amelia Sophia Eleanor ; 10 June 1711 ( New Style ) -- 31 October 1786 ) was the second daughter of George II of Great Britain .
Eleanor Holland , Countess of Salisbury ( 1386- after 1413 ) , was an English noblewoman , the daughter of Thomas Holland , 2nd Earl of Kent , a half - brother of King Richard II of England .
Yang Pu was born in 900 , during the reign of Emperor Zhaozong of Tang , as the fourth son of the major late - Tang warlord Yang Xingmi the military governor ( Jiedushi ) of Huainan Circuit ( 淮南 , headquartered in modern Yangzhou , Jiangsu ) , whose domain would become Wu eventually .
João Coelho Neto , known more commonly as Preguinho ( February 8 , 1905 -- October 1 , 1979 ) was a Brazilian footballer in the striker position .
François - Charles Joullain ( c. 1734 -- 1790 ) was a French art dealer , son of François Joullain .
Clovis II ( 637 -- 27 November 657 or 658 ) succeeded his father Dagobert I in 639 as King of Neustria and Burgundy .
Avis Stearns Van Wagenen was the daughter of George N. Stearns ( 1812 - 1882 ) , a wagon maker , who also invented several tools and patented many of his innovations including a boring and mortising machine and auger .
Phraortes ( from Old Persian : 𐎳𐎼𐎺𐎼𐎫𐎡𐏁 , Fravartiš , or Frâda via Ancient Greek Φραόρτης ; c. 665 -- 633 BC ) , son of Deioces , was the second king of the Median Empire .
In Greek legends , Procles ( Greek : Προκλῆς , `` the renowned '' ) was one of the Heracleidae , a great - great - great - grandson of Heracles , and a son of Aristodemus and Argia .
Philippa of Antioch ( 1148 - -1178 ) was the younger daughter of Constance , Princess of Antioch and her first husband Raymond of Poitiers .
Charles FitzCharles , 1st Earl of Plymouth ( 1657 -- 17 October 1680 ) was the illegitimate son of King Charles II of England , by Catherine Pegge .
Trondhjems Omnibus Aktieselskab was the first provider of public transport in Trondheim , Norway .
CrowdFlower is a data enrichment , data mining and crowdsourcing company based in the Mission District of San Francisco , California .
Sportsheets International , Inc. , nicknamed Sportsheets ( after its first product ) , is an international sex toy manufacturer headquartered in Huntington Beach , California , United States .
Shepley Bulfinch ( Shepley Bulfinch Richardson & Abbott Inc. ) is an international architecture , planning , and interior design firm with offices in Boston , Houston , and Phoenix .
The headquarters for the Key Food cooperative is on Staten Island ; the Chief Executive is Dean Janeway .
Katzenjammer Records is an Australian - based independent record label founded 17 May 2006 .
La Banque postale is a French bank created on 1 January 2006 as a subsidiary of La Poste , the national postal service .
In 1894 - -1897 , Yemtsa railway station was built during the construction of the railroad between Vologda and Arkhangelsk .
The Estonian Air Force was re - established on 16 December 1991 after the restoration of independence of the Republic of Estonia in 1991 .
Notgemeinschaft der Deutschen Wissenschaft ( abbreviation : NG ; translation : Emergency Association of German Science ) was founded on 30 October 1920 on the initiative of leading members of the Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften ( acronym : PAW ; translation : Prussian Academy of Sciences . )
Mattt Konture ( born September 27 , 1965 ) is a French underground comics author and musician .
Ganja Karuppu , born Karuppu Raja , is an Indian film actor who plays comedy roles in Tamil cinema .
Giuseppe Mentessi ( Ferrara , 1857 - 1931 ) was an Italian painter .
Garegin Ter - Harutyunyan ( Armenian : Գարեգին Տեր-Հարությունյան ) better known by his nome de guerre Garegin Nzhdeh ( Armenian : Գարեգին Նժդեհ ) ( 1 January 1886 -- 21 December 1955 ) was an Armenian statesman and military strategist .
Mircea Păcurariu ( born July 30 , 1932 ) is a Romanian theologian , historian and priest in the Romanian Orthodox Church .
WYSS is a radio station broadcasting at 99.5 FM in Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan .
WMAG is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to High Point , North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region , including Greensboro and Winston - Salem .
WEFT Champaign 90.1FM is a listener - supported community radio station in Champaign , Illinois , founded in 1981 and owned by Prairie Air , Inc. , a not - for - profit corporation .
WVVW - LP is a Progressive Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Belpre , Ohio , serving Parkersburg , West Virginia .
CKAC is a French - language Canadian radio station located in Montreal , Quebec , broadcasting a traffic information format as Radio Circulation 730 .
KZNG is a news / talk radio station in Hot Springs , Arkansas .
WMMQ is an American classic rock radio station at 94.9 FM , licensed to East Lansing , Michigan .
WXRV ( The River 92.5 FM ) is an adult album alternative radio station based in Andover , Massachusetts , with a signal covering most of northeast Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire , and audible as far away as Plymouth , Massachusetts .
WVMD is a Country - formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Romney , West Virginia , serving the Romney / Cumberland area .
CKDM AM 730 , is a commercial AM radio station located in Dauphin , Manitoba .
WFHA - LP ( 94.1 FM ) is a low - powered radio station licensed to Melbourne , Florida , United States .
WEGP ( 1390 AM ) is a radio station in Presque Isle , Maine that is temporarily silent .
KROP ( 1300 AM ) is a radio station that broadcasts from Brawley , California .
CBQ - FM is a Canadian radio station , airing the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's CBC Radio 2 network at 101.7 FM in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
CHMX - FM , branded as My 92.1 ( known as Lite 92FM until midnight on August 3 , 2011 ) , is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting an hot adult contemporary format at 92.1 FM in Regina , Saskatchewan .
KNWC - FM , also known as Life 96.5 , is a Christian radio station located in Sioux Falls , South Dakota owned and operated by University of Northwestern --
WLHH ( 104.9 The Surf - Hilton Head 's Greatest Hits ) is a classic hits radio station licensed to Ridgeland , South Carolina , with studios in Hilton Head and transmitter located between Ridgeland and Beaufort .
KFSP ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Mankato , Minnesota and serving the greater Mankato area and the Minnesota River Valley with a sports format .
WCCL is an American radio station physically located in Johnstown , Pennsylvania located at 101.7 FM , but licensed to the community of Central City , Pennsylvania .
KLSA ( 90.7 FM , Red River Radio ) is a radio station licensed to Alexandria , Louisiana .
CKNB is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Campbellton , New Brunswick at 950 on the AM dial .
KVOR is a heritage radio station serving the Colorado Springs , USA , vicinity with a News / Talk format .
WBBE ( 97.9 FM , `` 97.9 Bob FM '' ) is an Adult Hits hybrid radio station licensed to Heyworth , Illinois , and residing in the Bloomington - Normal , Illinois , market .
CFBR - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting an active rock format at 100.3 on the FM dial in Edmonton , Alberta .
KTHR ( 107.3 FM , `` ALT 107.3 '' ) is a radio station operating in Wichita , Kansas .
KVSF - FM ( 101.5 FM , `` The Voice '' ) is a radio station in Pecos , New Mexico , broadcasting to the Santa Fe , New Mexico , area .
WBSX is a FM radio station licensed to the city of Hazleton , Pennsylvania , broadcasting to the Scranton / Wilkes Barre / Hazleton radio market on 97.9 MHz . WBSX airs an active rock music format branded as `` 97 - 9 X '' ( pronounced as `` Ninety - Seven Nine X '' ) .
WMOS ( 102.3 FM , `` 102.3 The Wolf '' ) is a classic rock radio station that targets the Connecticut shoreline ( namely the New London - Groton area ) although it is licensed to Stonington , Connecticut .
WEOS is a college radio station licensed to Geneva , New York , broadcasting primarily on 89.5 FM across the Finger Lakes region of New York .
WQMG is an Urban Adult Contemporary station licensed to Greensboro , North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region , which also includes High Point and Winston - Salem .
CFBN was a Canadian radio station , broadcasting on AM 1280 in Mississauga , Ontario .
WOCR is a non - commercial FM campus radio located in Olivet , Michigan .
WSSL - FM is a country music radio station licensed to Gray Court , South Carolina and serves the Upstate region , including Greenville and Spartanburg .
Republic 100.3 is a local radio station , based in Pylaia , Thessaloniki , Greece that specializes in sophisticated and eclectic music programmed by its radio presenters & disc jockeys .
WRND - FM ( 94.3 FM , `` Rewind 94.3 '' ) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Oak Grove , Kentucky with offices located in Clarksville , Tennessee .
WZLQ ( 98.5 FM ) , known as `` Z-98 - 5 '' , is a mainstream rock radio station based in Tupelo , Mississippi , and serves North Mississippi with ERP of 100,000 watts at 98.5 MHz . `` Z-98 - 5 '' is owned by the Mississippi Radio Group .
WSFN ( 790 AM ) is a sports radio station in Brunswick , Georgia .
KLIF - FM ( 93.3 FM , branded as `` Hot 93.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Haltom City , Texas , USA .
KSKI - FM ( 94.5 FM , `` K - Ski '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Sun Valley , Idaho .
WHWH is a radio station in Princeton , New Jersey , serving Trenton , New Jersey which is owned and operated by Multicultural Radio Broadcasting Licensee , LLC . WHWH signed on September 7 , 1963 .
KSOR ( 90.1 FM ) is a National Public Radio member station licensed to Ashland , Oregon .
WCZZ is a daytime - only Urban Gospel radio station located in Greenwood , South Carolina ( Lakelands area ) .
CJIQ - FM , is a Canadian radio station based in Kitchener , Ontario .
CHFI - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts an adult contemporary format at 98.1 on the FM dial in Toronto , Ontario .
WVCP is the college radio station of Volunteer State Community College ( `` Vol State '' ) in Gallatin , Tennessee , broadcasting at 88.5 MHz on the FM dial .
Lavashlu ( Persian : لواشلو‎ , also Romanized as Lavāshlū ) is a village in Solduz Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The New York City Museum School ( NYCMS ) is a public school for grades 9 - -12 in Chelsea , Manhattan , New York City , United States .
Challis Airport ( IATA : CHL , ICAO : KLLJ , FAA LID : LLJ ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of Challis , a city in Custer County , Idaho , United States .
Balutak Shalu ( Persian : بلوطك شالو‎ , also Romanized as Balūţak Shālū ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Huilongguan ( 回龙观 ) is a suburban residential neighborhood in northern Beijing , located in Changping District , 33 km north of the city .
Denzil Roberts Onslow ( 15 June 1839 -- 21 March 1908 ) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885 .
Fikile Mbalula ( born 8 April 1971 in the Free State ) is the Minister of Sport and Recreation in the Cabinet of South Africa , a former deputy minister of police , a member of the national executive committee of the African National Congress and former leader of the African National Congress Youth League .
Dara Murphy ( born 2 December 1969 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician , who was elected as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Cork North--
Georg Gradnauer ( November 16 , 1866 -- November 18 , 1946 ) was a German newspaper editor and politician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) , and the first elected Minister - President of Saxony following the abolition of the Kingdom of Saxony .
Colonel Sir Charles Edward Howard Vincent KCMG CB DL ( 31 May 1849 -- 7 April 1908 ) , known as Howard Vincent or C. E. Howard Vincent , was a British soldier , barrister , police official and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1908 .
Carlton Massey ( January 17 , 1930 -- May 22 , 1989 ) was a professional American football defensive lineman who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Cleveland Browns ( 1954 - -1956 ) and Green Bay Packers ( 1957 - -1958 ) .
Martin Iványi ( born 16 August 1995 in Pápa ) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Lombard - Pápa TFC .
Alan Burwell ( birth registered January→March 1943 ( age 71 - -72 ) ) birth registered in Hull district , was an English rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers , Canterbury Bulldogs , and for the Great Britain national side .
Marijn Sterk ( born 11 July 1987 in The Hague ) is a Dutch footballer who played for FC Volendam and FC Emmen .
Jerry Gustafson is a former American football quarterback who played one season with the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
The Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Navy ( DJAG ) is the second highest ranking JAG officer and lawyer in the United States Navy .
Major - General Sir Thomas Perrott KCB ( 1851 - -1919 ) was a British Army officer who commanded the Troops in the Straits Settlements .
Squadron Leader Mohinder Singh Pujji DFC ( 14 August 1918 -- 18 September 2010 ) , also known as Mahinder Singh Pujji , was a distinguished Royal Air Force fighter pilot and one of the first Indian Sikh pilots to volunteer with the Royal Air Force during the Second World War .
The 111th Regiment of Foot ( Loyal Birmingham Volunteers ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army from 1794 to 1795 .
Commander Zafar Muhammad Khan ( 19 ? ? - 4 December 1971 ) was a naval officer in the Pakistan Navy who was the Captain and Commanding Officer of PNS Ghazi during the Indo - Pakistani War of 1971 .
Nathan Ruegger ( born January 19 , 1984 ) is an American screenwriter , voice actor and film director , the son of writer / producer / director Tom Ruegger and voice actress Adrienne Alexander .
Sir Thomas Maule was the youngest son of Sir Peter Maule and Christina de Valognes , Baron and Baroness of Panmure and Benvie .
Bintanath was likely born during the reign of her grandfather Seti I. Her mother was Isetnofret , one of the two most prominent wives of Ramesses II . It is interesting to note that her name is Semitic , meaning Daughter of Anath , referring to the Canaanite goddess Anath .
Margaret Tudor ( 28 November 1489 -- 18 October 1541 ) was Queen of Scots from 1503 until 1513 as the wife of King James IV of Scotland and then Regent for their son King James V. She was born at Westminster Palace as the elder surviving daughter of King Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York .
Pengiran Muda Abdul Muntaqim Bolkiah ( born 17 March 2007 ) is the oldest child and first son of His Royal Highness Al - Muhtadee Billah , heir to the Sultan of Brunei , and his wife , Her Royal Highness Pengiran Anak Sarah .
Kumaragupta I , also known as Shakraditya and Mahendraditya , was an emperor of the Gupta Empire in 415 - -455 CE . He was the son of his predecessor , Chandragupta II , and Dhruvadevi ( also known as Dhruvasvamini ) .
Publius Licinius Cornelius Valerianus ( died 257 or 258 ) , also known as Valerian II , was the eldest son of Roman Emperor Gallienus and Augusta Cornelia Salonina who was of Greek origin and grandson of the Emperor Valerian who was of a noble and traditional senatorial family .
Gjon Kastrioti II ( 1456 - -1502 ) was the son of Skanderbeg , the Albanian national hero , and of Donika Kastrioti , daughter of Gjergj Arianiti .
A bay stallion , Northern Dancer was sired by Nearctic through the mare Natalma , whose sire was Native Dancer .
Prince Valdemar of Denmark , GCTE ( 27 October 1858 in Bernstorff Palace -- 14 January 1939 in Copenhagen ) was a member of the Danish Royal Family , the youngest son of Christian IX of Denmark and his wife Louise of Hesse - Kassel .
Torsten Tegnér ( 6 December 1888 -- 10 June 1977 ) was a Swedish athlete and journalist , son of composer Alice Tegnér .
Prince George of Cambridge ( George Alexander Louis ; born 22 July 2013 ) is the elder child and only son of Prince William , Duke of Cambridge , and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge .
Gisela of Burgundy ( died 21 July 1006 ) was the daughter of Conrad the Peaceful , King of Burgundy and Adelaide of Bellay , Conrad 's first wife .
Xavier Gélin ( 21 June 1946 -- 2 July 1999 ) was a French actor and film producer , and son of Daniel Gelin and Danièle Delorme .
Samuel 's mother was Hannah and his father was Elkanah .
The son of feminist and philanthropist Anna Filosofova , Dmitry Filosofov was educated first in the private Karl May School ( where he first met Alexandre Benois and Konstantin Somov ) , then in the Saint Petersburg University , studying law .
Lady Jean Stewart ( also known as Jane Stuart ; c. 1533 -- 7 January 1587/88 ) was an illegitimate daughter of King James V of Scotland by his mistress Elizabeth Bethune ( sometimes spelled Betoun or Beaton ) .
Prince William of Hesse - Kassel ( 24 December 1787 -- 5 September 1867 ) , was the first son of Prince Frederick of Hesse - Kassel and Princess Caroline of Nassau - Usingen .
Paul Robeson was born in Princeton , New Jersey , in 1898 , to Reverend William Drew Robeson and Maria Louisa Bustill .
Toghon Temür 's mother was Mailaiti , descendant of Arslan , the chief of the Karluks .
Yin Yin Nwe 's mother is Daw Mi Mi Khaing , also a scholar and a former Principal of Kambawza School .
Prince Henri of Orléans ( 16 October 1867 -- 9 August 1901 ) was the eldest son surviving to adulthood of Prince Robert , Duke of Chartres , and Princess Françoise of Orléans .
Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha and Edinburgh GCStJ CI VA RRC ( 25 November 1876 -- 2 March 1936 ) was the third child and second daughter of Alfred , Duke of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha and Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia .
Damon Elliott was born on March 21 , 1973 to Dionne Warwick and Bill Elliott .
William , Prince of Hohenzollern ( German : Wilhelm August Karl Joseph Peter Ferdinand Benedikt Fürst von Hohenzollern ) ( 7 March 1864 , in Schloss Benrath , near Düsseldorf -- 22 October 1927 , in Sigmaringen ) was the eldest son of Leopold , Prince of Hohenzollern and Infanta Antónia of Portugal .
The Warta ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvaɾta ) German : Warthe ; Latin : Varta ) is a river in western - central Poland , a tributary of the Oder river .
The Dinkel joins the Vechte in Neuenhaus .
The Kleine Laber flows into the Große Laber , which flows into the Danube River .
The Lotru is a right tributary of the Olt River in Romania .
Kilmez River ( Russian : Кильмезь ) is a river in Udmurtia and Kirov Oblast in Russia , a left tributary of the Vyatka River .
At Vedder Crossing , the river is joined by the Sweltzer River before flowing under a bridge at which its name changes to the Vedder River , after which is flows west and north to join the Sumas River just before that river 's confluence with the Fraser River at the northeast end of Sumas Mountain .
Berchtesgadener Ache is a river of Bavaria , Germany that flows toward Salzach .
The Gunnison River is a tributary of the Colorado River , 164 miles ( 264 km ) long , in the Southwest state of Colorado .
Crum Creek ( from the Dutch , meaning `` crooked creek '' ) is a creek in Delaware County and Chester County , Pennsylvania , flowing approximately 24 miles ( 39 km ) , generally in a southward direction and draining into the Delaware River in Eddystone , Pennsylvania .
Located in northeastern Wisconsin , the Oconto River is a tributary of Lake Michigan via Green Bay .
Oxney Stream is a tributary of the River Wey that lies in Hampshire , England .
The Kazinga Channel in Uganda is a wide , 32-kilometre ( 20 mi ) long natural channel that links Lake Edward and Lake George , and a dominant feature of Queen Elizabeth National Park .
Western Berezina or simply Berezina ( Belarusian : Заходняя Бярэзіна ) is a river in Belarus , a right tributary of Neman River .
The river Kladeos flows through Olympia in Elis , southern Greece , and empties into the river Alfeios .
The Flumendosa 's springs are located in the Gennargentu massif , at the foot of the Monte Armidda ; it flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea near the towns of Muravera and Villaputzu .
Yarrowitch River rises within Mummel Gulf National Park on the northern slopes of the Great Dividing Range southwest of Yarrowitch , and flows generally north northeast , joined by the Warnes River before reaching its confluence with the Apsley River , southwest of Tia .
The Mei River ( Chinese : 梅江 ; Pinyin : Méi Jiāng ) is a river in Meizhou City in the eastern part of the Guangdong province in southern China and a tributary of the Han River .
The Dora Riparia ( pronounced ( ˈdɔːra riˈpaːrja ) ; Latin : Duria minor French : Doire Ripaire Piedmontese : Dòira Rivaira ) is an alpine river , a left - hand tributary of the Po .
Babka River ( Russian : Бабка ) is a river in Perm Krai , Russia , a left tributary of Sylva River which in turn is a tributary of Chusovaya River .
The Gojeb River is eastward - flowing tributary of the Omo River in Ethiopia .
Pirris River is a river of Costa Rica , flowing into the Pacific Ocean .
The Turnagain River flows generally east and north to join the Kechika River .
The Rotaldo , known in its upper course as the Laio , is a 40-kilometre ( 25 mi ) river ( classified as a torrente ) of northern Italy , and a right - side tributary of the Po .
It then enters the Bohle River Fish Habitat Area and the Townsville Town Common conservation Park and discharges into the Halifax Bay near Bushland Beach , and then empties into the Coral Sea .
The Vit also Vid ( Bulgarian : Вит ; Latin : Utus ) is a river in central northern Bulgaria with a length of 189 km . It is a tributary of Danube .
Santa Rosa Creek is a 22-mile - long ( 35 km ) stream in Sonoma County , California which rises on Hood Mountain and discharges to the Laguna de Santa Rosa by way of the Santa Rosa Flood Control Channel .
The Lane Cove River , a northern tributary of the Parramatta River , is a youthful tide - dominated , drowned valley estuary west of Sydney Harbour , located in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Malewa River rises in the western slopes of the Aberdare Range in Kenya and flows south and west into Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley .
The Salmon Falls River is a tributary of the Piscataqua River in the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire .
Boston Harbor is a natural harbor and estuary of Massachusetts Bay , and is located adjacent to the city of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Dez River ( Persian : دز‎‎ ) , the ancient Coprates ( Greek : Κοπράτης or Κοπράτας ) , is a tributary of the Karun River and is 400 km long .
The Rio Grande rises from south - central Colorado in the United States and flows to the Gulf of Mexico .
The Bowron River , also formerly named the Bear River and Reid Creek , is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
The Flambeau River is a tributary of the Chippewa River in northern Wisconsin , USA .
Salt Pan Creek , an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment , is located in the Canterbury - Bankstown region of Sydney , in New South Wales , Australia .
The Hacking River i flows generally north north - east before reaching its mouth and emptying into Port Hacking at a line between Grays Point and Point Danger , about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of the suburb of Engadine , west of Yowie Bay .
Siltstone is a sedimentary rock which has a grain size in the silt range , finer than sandstone and coarser than claystones .
Philippists was the designation usually applied in the latter half of the sixteenth century to the followers of Philipp Melanchthon .
Coventry Cathedral , also known as St Michael 's Cathedral , is the seat of the Bishop of Coventry and the Diocese of Coventry , in Coventry , West Midlands , England .
Howlite was discovered near Windsor , Nova Scotia in 1868 by Henry How ( 1828 - -1879 ) , a Canadian chemist , geologist , and mineralogist .
Peano axioms or the Peano postulates , are a set of axioms for the natural numbers presented by the 19th century Italian mathematician Giuseppe Peano .
The Brücke Museum in Berlin houses the world 's largest collection of works by Die Brücke ( `` The Bridge '' ) , an early 20th - century expressionist movement .
Odenplan is a plaza located in the district Vasastaden in central Stockholm , Sweden , named after the old Norse god Odin .
Bologna Cathedral ( Italian : Cattedrale Metropolitana di San Pietro , Cattedrale di Bologna ) , dedicated to Saint Peter , is the cathedral of Bologna in Italy , and the seat and the metropolitan cathedral of the Archbishop of Bologna .
Pigeonite is named for its type locality on Lake Superior 's shores at Pigeon Point , Minnesota , United States .
Gaspeite , a very rare nickel carbonate mineral , with the formula ( Ni , Fe , Mg)CO3 , is named for the place it was first described , in the Gaspé Peninsula , Québec , Canada .
Macdonaldite was first described in 1965 and named for Gordon A. MacDonald ( 1911 - -1978 ) an American volcanologist at the University of Hawaii .
The Teylers Stichting ( English : Teylers Foundation ) is a Dutch foundation founded with the heritage of the Dutch 18th century cloth merchant and banker Pieter Teyler van der Hulst to support the people in need and encourage worship , science and art ( ter ondersteuning van behoeftigen en ter aanmoediging van godsdienst , wetenschap ) .
Sant'Andrea in Via Flaminia ( English : Saint Andrew on Via Flaminia ) is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to St Andrew the Apostle in Rome , Italy .
In mathematics , a Hadamard matrix , named after the French mathematician Jacques Hadamard , is a square matrix whose entries are either + 1 or −1 and whose rows are mutually orthogonal .
The Avogadro constant is named after the early 19th - century Italian scientist Amedeo Avogadro , who , in 1811 , first proposed that the volume of a gas ( at a given pressure and temperature ) is proportional to the number of atoms or molecules regardless of the nature of the gas .
5318 Dientzenhofer is a minor planet orbiting the Sun . It was named after Christoph Dientzenhofer ( 1655 - 1722 ) and his son Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer ( 1689 - 1751 ) , members of the Dientzenhofer family of architects .
The Laplace plane or Laplacian plane of a planetary satellite , named after its discoverer Pierre - Simon Laplace ( 1749 - -1827 ) , is a mean or reference plane about whose axis the instantaneous orbital plane of a satellite precesses .
In mathematics , the Noether inequality , named after Max Noether , is a property of compact minimal complex surfaces that restricts the topological type of the underlying topological 4-manifold .
Knorr - Bremse ( `` Bremse '' meaning brake ) is a manufacturer of braking systems for rail and commercial vehicles that has operated in the field for over 100 years .
The Collatz conjecture is a conjecture in mathematics named after Lothar Collatz , who first proposed it in 1937 .
ICMEC coordinates the Help Bring Them Home Campaign in 22 countries , in conjunction with International Missing Children 's Day , to spotlight the issue of child abduction around the world , and to suggest to parents some steps they can take to protect their children .
Mendeley , named after the biologist Gregor Mendel and chemist Dmitri Mendeleyev , was founded in November 2007 by three German PhD students and is based in London .
A Beatle boot is a style of boot that has been worn since the 1960s made popular by the English rock group The Beatles , for whom they were originally made .
Architype Van Doesburg is a geometric sans - serif typeface based upon a 1919 alphabet designed by Theo van Doesburg , a cofounder of the De Stijl art movement .
The park was opened in 1865 and originally named the `` Nieuwe Park '' , but later renamed to `` Vondelpark '' , after the 17th - century playwright and poet Joost van den Vondel .
Sankey diagrams are named after Irish Captain Matthew Henry Phineas Riall Sankey , who used this type of diagram in 1898 in a classic figure ( see panel on right ) showing the energy efficiency of a steam engine .
In abstract algebra and analysis , the Archimedean property , named after the ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes of Syracuse , is a property held by some algebraic structures , such as ordered or normed groups , and fields .
Ulexite was named for the German chemist Georg Ludwig Ulex ( 1811 - -1883 ) who first discovered it .
The European Academy of Sciences established the Blaise Pascal Medal in 2003 to recognise an outstanding and demonstrated personal contribution to science and technology and the promotion of excellence in research and education .
Haitz 's law is named after Roland Haitz ( 1935 - 2015 ) , a scientist at Agilent Technologies among others .
Lacanianism is the study of , and development of , the ideas and theories of the dissident French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan .
Shigellosis , also known as bacillary dysentery or Marlow syndrome , in its most severe manifestation , is a foodborne illness caused by infection by bacteria of the genus Shigella .
The Turing machine was invented in 1936 by Alan Turing , who called it an a - machine ( automatic machine ) .
The name Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a reference to the Ed Wood 1959 cult science fiction Z - movie Plan 9 from Outer Space .
The Philips Sport Vereniging ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈfilɪps ˌspɔrt fəˌreːnəɣɪŋ ) , English : Philips Sports Union ) , abbreviated as PSV and internationally known as PSV Eindhoven ( ˌpeːjɛsˈfeː ˈɛi̯ntˌɦoːvə(n ) ) is a sports club from Eindhoven , Netherlands .
Impact The Law of the Border was the beginning of `` New Cinema '' in Turkey it was realistic , and focused on social and economic problems and was a 180 turn from the dream like non realistic movies made in Turkey before it .
Decampitated was filmed in Colorado and finishing funds were provided by Troma Entertainment .
Bunny Lake Is Missing is a 1965 British psychological thriller film starring Laurence Olivier and directed and produced by Otto Preminger , who filmed it in black and white widescreen format in London .
Knight Without Armour ( styled as Knight Without Armor in some releases ) is a 1937 British historical drama film made by London Films and distributed by United Artists .
The Sky Walker seems to be a man walking in the air over Chicago , pushing a barrel - sized object .
Brewster McCloud is a 1970 movie , directed by Robert Altman , about a young recluse ( Bud Cort , as the title character ) who lives in a fallout shelter of the Houston Astrodome , where he is building a pair of wings so he can fly .
What a Hero ! is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Benny Chan and starring Andy Lau and Maggie Cheung .
After a decade of emigration , Zimbabweans now refer to London as Harare North .
Satellite City was a Welsh sitcom which started out originally as a radio show on BBC Radio Wales in 1994 and then evolved into a TV version made by BBC Wales and was first broadcast in 1996 .
The drama was centred on the fictional comprehensive school of Grange Hill in the ( equally fictitious ) borough of North London called `` Northam '' ( although when filming moved to Liverpool in 2003 , it ceased to have any specific location ) , and follows the lives of the students as they progress through school .
Remember the End is the second novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull ( 1888 - -1982 ) and it is set in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania from the 1890s to World War I. The protagonist Alex MacTay is a Scotsman who is called to be a poet , but instead emigrates to America .
Aimée & Jaguar is a 1999 German drama film set in Berlin during World War II . It was written and directed by Max Färberböck , based upon Erica Fischer 's book , chronicling the actual lives of Lilly Wust and Felice Schragenheim during that time .
The Mackinnons was a BBC Scotland drama series , which started in 1977 .
In 1906 San Francisco , Frisco Jenny Sandoval ( Ruth Chatterton ) , a denizen of the notorious Tenderloin district , wants to marry piano player Dan McAllister ( James Murray ) , but her saloonkeeper father Jim ( Robert Emmett O'Connor ) is adamantly opposed to it .
The Importance of Being Icelandic is a 1998 documentary film by the filmmaker Jon Gustafsson ( born in Iceland and living in Canada ) that traces the steps of three Icelandic Canadians on a different quest of discovering their Icelandic heritage by going to Iceland .
The Beiderbecke Trilogy refers to three television serials written by Alan Plater and made by Yorkshire Television for the ITV network in the United Kingdom between 1984 and 1988 .
Upendra and the entire team of Topiwala celebrated a success meet of the movie at the Udayavani Head Office in Bangalore , by launching a campaign against corruption .
The 1997 MTV Europe Music Awards were held at The Ahoy , Rotterdam , Netherlands and were hostd by Ronan Keating .
Gaily , Gaily ( released in the United Kingdom as Chicago , Chicago ) is a 1969 American comedy film directed by Norman Jewison .
Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak .
Gunpowder , Treason & Plot is a 2004 BBC miniseries loosely based upon the lives of Mary , Queen of Scots , and her son James VI of Scotland .
Set in Glendale , California , in the 1930s , the book is the story of middle - class housewife Mildred Pierce 's attempts to maintain her family 's social position during the Great Depression .
Different from You and Me ( § 175 ) centers around the well - to - do Teichmann family in Berlin .
Wo Hu is a 2006 Hong Kong crime film directed by Marco Mak and Wang Guangli starring Eric Tsang , Francis Ng , Jordan Chan , Sonija Kwok , Michael Miu , Julian Cheung and with a special appearance by Shawn Yue .
KDKA Sports Showdown is a weekly Pittsburgh - based sports talk show airing at 11:35 Sunday nights on KDKA - TV Pittsburgh .
Boggy Creek ( also Boggy Creek : The Legend Is True ) is a 2011 American horror film directed by Brian T. Jaynes , written by Jennifer Minar - Jaynes , and starring Texas Battle , Stephanie Honoré , Damon Lipari , Shavon Kirksey , and Melissa Carnell as college students attacked by legendary creatures that resemble Bigfoot .
An Adventurous Automobile Trip ( French : Le Raid Paris -- Monte - Carlo en automobile or Le Raid Paris -- Monte - Carlo en deux heures ) is a 1905 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès .
A satirical look at Cambridge life and the struggle between tradition and reform , Porterhouse Blue tells the story of Skullion , the Head Porter of a fictional Cambridge college , Porterhouse .
A Conspiracy of Paper is a historical - mystery novel by David Liss , set in London in the period leading up to the bursting of the South Sea Bubble in 1720 .
François , marquis de Chasseloup - Laubat ( August 18 , 1754 -- October 3 , 1833 ) , French general and military engineer , was born at Saint - Sernin ( Charente Inferieure ) , of a noble family , and entered the French engineers in 1774 .
Didier Van Cauwelaert ( born July 29 , 1960 ) is a French author of Belgian descent who was born in Nice .
Jakob Kaiser ( 8 February 1888 -- 7 May 1961 ) was a German politician and resistance leader during World War II . Jakob Kaiser was born in the Franconian town of Hammelburg .
Marie Sallé ( 1707 - -1756 ) was a French dancer and choreographer known for her expressive , dramatic performances rather than a series of `` leaps and frolics '' typical of ballet of her time .
Heribert Rech ( born April 25 , 1950 in Östringen ) is a German lawyer and politician .
Philip Marlowe , Private Eye is an American mystery series that aired on HBO in the United States from April 16 , 1983 through June 3 , 1986 , and on ITV in the United Kingdom .
Front Page Detective is an American crime drama series which aired on the DuMont Television Network on Fridays at 9:30 p.m. ET from July 6 , 1951 to September 19 , 1952 , and in October and November 1953 .
Workaholics is an American sitcom that premiered on Comedy Central on April 6 , 2011 .
Ace Crawford , Private Eye is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from March to April 1983 .
Hot Babes Doing Stuff Naked is a collection of segments currently being shown on Playboy TV that showcase models and adult actresses doing various outdoor activities without clothing .
Paul Merton in Europe is a six - part television series airing on Channel 5 from 11 January 2010 onwards .
The Black Donnellys is an American television drama that debuted on NBC on February 26 , 2007 and last aired on April 2 , 2007 .
Confessions of a Teen Idol is an American reality series that began airing on VH1 on January 4 , 2009 and concluded on February 22 , 2009 .
The Week in Politics is an Irish news and current affairs programme broadcast on RTÉ One and RTÉ News Now .
Made in Canada is a Canadian television situation comedy which aired on CBC Television from 1998 to 2003 .
The Daily 10 ( also known as The D10 ) is an American daily television entertainment news show that aired on cable channel E ! from March 2006 to October 2010 .
Fair City is an Irish television soap opera on RTÉ One .
Total Divas is an American reality television series that premiered on July 28 , 2013 , on E!.
Duas Caras ( English : Two Faces ) is a Brazilian telenovela that debuted on October 1 , 2007 till May 31 , 2008 on Rede Globo .
The Disordered Mind is a Canadian medical documentary television miniseries which aired sporadically on CBC Television in 1960 , 1963 and 1966 .
Fabulous 30 ( Chinese : 女人30情定水舞間 ; pinyin : nǚ rén 30 qíng dìng shuǐ wǔ jiān ) is a 2014 Taiwanese romantic comedy television series produced by Sanlih E - Television .
Summer Heights High was a massive ratings success for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , and was met with mostly positive critical reaction .
Ultimate Factories also known as Megafactories is an American documentary television series that premiered in 2006 on the National Geographic Channel .
Papi Ricky was a 2007 Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by Canal 13 .
S1ngles ( also written s1NgLEs ) is a Greek television dramedy series that airs on Mega Channel .
The Greatest Canadian Invention is a television mini - series originally aired on CBC Television .
Zehu Ze ! ( Hebrew : זהו זה!‎ , lit . This is it ! ) was a long - running Israeli entertainment television program produced by Israeli Educational Television ( IETV ) and broadcast on the Israeli Channel 1 ( until 1994 ) and Channel 2 on which the IETV has special broadcasting hours .
Okkupert ( English title : Occupied ) is a Norwegian political thriller TV series in 10 episodes that premiered on TV 2 on 5 October 2015 .
Coke Time with Eddie Fisher is an American musical variety television series starring singer Eddie Fisher which was broadcast by NBC on Wednesday nights in early prime time from 1953 to 1957 .
The Con Test was an Australian game show which premiered on 7 February 2007 on Network Ten .
30 Minute Meals is a Food Network show hosted by Rachael Ray .
Austin & Ally is an American teen sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from December 2 , 2011 to January 10 , 2016 .
Bom Dia São Paulo ( Portuguese for Good Morning São Paulo ) is a Brazilian news showed by local station of Rede Globo in São Paulo , presented by Rodrigo Bocardi .
The Don Lane Show was an Australian talk show television series aired on Nine Network in 1975 until 10 November 1983 .
Eisenbahn - Romantik is not just broadcast on SWR Fernsehen , but also on SR Fernsehen , NDR Fernsehen , hr - fernsehen , MDR Fernsehen and rbb Fernsehen programmes .
Iisa Pa Lamang ( lit . The Only One So Far ) is a Philippine drama series aired in ABS - CBN .
Shorty McShorts ' Shorts is a Disney Channel animated anthology series , which consisted of 4 - 5 minute shorts .
Repo Games is an American game show on Spike .
Letters to Laugh - In is a daytime game show and spin - off of NBC 's popular nighttime comedy series at the time , Rowan & Martin 's Laugh - In , that aired on the network from September 29 to December 26 , 1969 .
Off Pitch is an American reality documentary television series that debuted on VH1 on April 17 , 2013 .
London Ink is a reality show on Discovery Real Time that follows Louis Molloy and three other tattoo artists .
Insomniac with Dave Attell is a television show on Comedy Central hosted by comedian Dave Attell which ran from August 5 , 2001 until November 11 , 2004 .
The Rachel Maddow Show ( also abbreviated TRMS ) is a daily news and opinion television program that airs on MSNBC , running in the 9:00 pm ET timeslot .
New York Goes to Work is a reality VH1 series that first premiered on May 4 , 2009 .
The Clear Horizon is an American soap opera which ran on CBS Daytime from July 11 , 1960 to March 10 , 1961 and February 26 to June 15 , 1962 .
Set contemporaneously with its original broadcast on ITV in 1978 and 1980 , The Sandbaggers examines the effect of the espionage game on the personal and professional lives of British and American intelligence specialists .
Country Fried Planet or CFP is an American television program that is aired on the Country Music Television cable network .
Are You Fitter Than a Pensioner ? is a British television series first aired on BBC Three in 2010 .
According to Bex ( originally titled Everything I Know About Men ) is a British sitcom that aired on BBC One in 2005 .
Living Lohan is an American reality television series that debuted on E ! on May 26 , 2008 .
The Dinah Shore Show is an American variety show which was broadcast by NBC from November 1951 to July 1957 , sponsored by General Motors ' Chevrolet division .
Pat Sajak Weekend is a talk show that aired Sunday nights on Fox News Channel and starred Pat Sajak .
La Ferme Célébrités is the French version of the international TV show The Farm , produced in France by Endemol and broadcast on TF1 .
Grandma 's House is a sitcom television series broadcast on BBC Two .
Almost Perfect is an American situation comedy that aired on the CBS television network from September 17 , 1995 until October 30 , 1996 .
Guide Right is an American musical variety show which aired on the DuMont Television Network from February 25 , 1952 to February 5 , 1954 .
Make the Connection was an American game show , sponsored by Borden , that ran on Thursday nights from July 7 to September 29 , 1955 on NBC .
True Life is an American documentary television series that has been airing on MTV since March 31 , 1998 .
John King , USA was an hour - long television news show hosted by John King on CNN .
Barris and Company was a Canadian variety and talk television series which aired on CBC Television from 1968 to 1969 .
Adam DeVine 's House Party is an American comedy television series on Comedy Central starring Adam DeVine that is part stand - up comedy show and part sitcom .
Tom Daley Goes Global ( previously titled Tom Daley Takes on the World ) is a British television documentary show shown on ITV2 which began airing on 10 April 2014 .
Scotland Today was a Scottish regional news programme covering Central Scotland , produced by STV Central ( formerly Scottish Television ) .
María del Mar is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión in 1978 .
The Film Review ( formerly Film 24 ) is a 10-minute film related programme shown on BBC News each Friday evening at 5.45pm .
Kya Dill Mein Hai is a Hindi language Indian drama television series which premiered on December 1 , 2007 on 9X.
Haunted Collector is an American television reality series which airs on the Syfy cable television channel .
The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail is a stand - up comedy television series that currently airs on Comedy Central in the United States .
The Cho Show is a reality - sitcom starring comedian Margaret Cho which premiered on VH1 on August 21 , 2008 .
Happy Sunday ( Korean : 해피 선데이 ) is a Korean reality - variety show shown on the KBS2 network , which competes directly against MBC 's Sunday Night and SBS 's Good Sunday line - up .
ITV News Anglia is a regional television news and current affairs programme , produced by ITV Anglia , serving the East of England .
The Woodsmen is a Canadian series of shorts seen on The Comedy Network as a segment on its homegrown variety show Canadian Comedy Shorts .
Cha$e ( pronounced Chase ) is a reality television show aired on Syfy in the United States around the same time as Estate of Panic .
What Chilli Wants is an American reality television series that premiered on April 11 , 2010 , on VH1 starring Chilli , one - third of the Grammy Award - winning R&B trio TLC .
The Family Circle was a Canadian documentary television series which aired on CBC Television in 1957 .
Lavanya is an Indian television series that premiered on 28 March 2004 on Zee TV .
El amor está de moda ( Love is in Fashion ) is a 1995 Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by Canal 13 , based on the Brazilian telenovela Ti Ti Ti created by Cassiano Gabus Mendes .
Disrupt with Karen Finney is a political news and commentary television program that aired weekends at 4:00 p.m. ET on MSNBC from 2013 to 2014 .
Eischied ( pronounced as `` eye - shyed '' ) was an American crime drama broadcast on NBC from September 21 , 1979 to January 20 , 1980 .
Dead at 21 is a television series broadcast by MTV in 1994 .
Starting Point ( formerly Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien ) was a morning television show on CNN anchored by Soledad O'Brien .
Kevin from Work is an American situation comedy television series on ABC Family .
On October 12 , 2010 , Lifetime ordered 20 episodes of Seriously Funny Kids .
Worst Best Friends is an Australian children 's television series first screened on Network Ten in 2002 .
2 Minute Drill is an ESPN game show based on the general knowledge UK game show Mastermind .
Gophers ! was a Channel 4 children 's programme about a family of American gophers who move into a new neighbourhood , called Sycamore Heights , living next door to a family of uptight but well - intentioned rabbits , The Burrows .
Moises Rules ! is a short form sports television series and a Disney XD Original Short Series in which kids challenge Moises Arias ( of Hannah Montana ) to different sports challenges .
Issues and Answers was a once - weekly TV news program that was telecast by the American Broadcasting Company network from 1960 to 1981 .
My Strange Addiction is an American documentary television series that premiered on TLC on December 29 , 2010 .
What 's New , Mr. Magoo ? is an American animated television series which aired from September 10 , 1977 , to December 24 , 1977 , on CBS .
Father , Dear Father is a British television sitcom produced by Thames Television for ITV from 1968 to 1973 starring Patrick Cargill .
Max and Paddy 's Road to Nowhere is a British comedy television show on Channel 4 starring and written by Peter Kay and Paddy McGuinness .
Earplay was the longest - running of the formal series of radio drama anthologies on National Public Radio , produced by WHA in Madison , Wisconsin and heard from 1972 into the 1990s .
Marido en alquiler ( Lit : Husband for Rent / English : My Dear Handyman ) , originally known as Reina Madre ( Queen Mother ) , is an American Spanish - language telenovela produced by United States - based television network Telemundo Studios , Miami , and Brazilian Rede Globo .
CBC Film Festival is a Canadian feature film television series which aired on CBC Television from 1979 to 1980 .
Mysteries at the National Parks is an American reality television series that premiered on May 1 , 2015 , on the Travel Channel .
Taken Out is an Australian television dating game show that was originally broadcast on Network Ten between 1 September 2008 and 26 February 2009 .
Secret Girlfriend is an American television series which aired in October and November 2009 on Comedy Central .
Twitch City is a Canadian sitcom produced by CBC Television .
American Body Shop is an improvised comedy show on Comedy Central that revolves around a dysfunctional body shop in suburban Phoenix , Arizona and the accident - prone crew that works there .
TV Offal was a British television comedy sketch / archive series that ran on Channel 4 , from October 1997 to June 1998 .
After Four was a Canadian youth television series which aired on CBC Television from 1977 to 1978 .
What to Eat Now is a six - part series , broadcast on BBC Two and presented by chef Valentine Warner .
Fox Major League Baseball ( shortened to Fox MLB and also known as Major League Baseball on Fox , MLB on Fox , or MLB on FS1 ) is the branding used for broadcasts of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) games produced by Fox Sports , the sports division of the Fox Broadcasting Company ( Fox ) .
SportsCentury is an ESPN biography program that reviews the people and athletic events that defined sports in North America throughout the 20th and 21st centuries .
Wowowee ( wa - WAH - wee ) was a Philippine noon time variety show broadcast by ABS - CBN .
The Laytons was an American sitcom that was broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network , from August to October 1948 .
Niños Ricos , Pobres Padres(Generation Y ) is a Colombian telenovela produced by the United States - based television network Telemundo .
Yuanfang De Jia ( Chinese : 远方的家 ; pinyin : Yuǎnfāng De Jiā ) is a travel documentary series created by China Central Television , which was first broadcast on 1 December 2010 , on CCTV-1 , CCTV-4 , and CCTV-22 .
The Stage Door is an American drama series that aired live on CBS Tuesday night from 9:00 pm to 9:30 eastern time from February 7 , 1950 to March 28 , 1950 .
Kentucky Jones , which ran on NBC from September 19 , 1964 , to September 11 , 1965 , was the first of Weaver 's four series , the most successful having been McCloud , since he left the role of the marshal 's helper Chester Goode on CBS 's western classic Gunsmoke , starring James Arness .
Old episodes of Medical Detectives now air on TruTV under the Forensic Files label .
Points East , Points West is a Canadian musical variety television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976 .
DietTribe is an American documentary - reality series on Lifetime .
Delocated ( or known in the title card as Delocated New York ) is an American television series that premiered February 12 , 2009 on Adult Swim .
Cochliopa is a genus of freshwater snails , specifically cave snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae .
Gossweilerodendron is a genus of two species of legumes in the family Fabaceae , subfamily Caesalpinioideae , native to tropical western Africa .
Cloud sponge ( Aphrocallistes vastus ) is a primitive organism of the order Hexactinosida in the class Hexactinellida .
Rhodacanthis is an extinct genus of Hawaiian honeycreeper .
Parvobasidium is a genus of two species of crust fungi in the family Cystostereaceae .
Walckenaeria is a large spider genus in the family Linyphiidae .
The Tripteroceratidae is a family of depressed , straight to slightly curved nautiloid cephalopods from the middle and upper Ordovician with generally flattened venters and empty siphuncles with straight to inflated sedments included in the Oncocerida ( Sweet , 1964 ) .
Bulldog lightfish , also known as Ichthyococcus irregularis , is a species of the genus Ichthyococcus .
Prionorhynchiidae is an extinct family of brachiopods belonging to the order Rhynchonellida .
Linepithema is a genus of small ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
Endo 's pipistrelle ( Pipistrellus endoi ) is a species of vesper bat .
Penetopteryx nanus ( N. Rosén , 1911 ) ( lost pipefish ) Penetopteryx taeniocephalus Lunel , 1881
The Kaup 's arrowtooth eel ( Synaphobranchus kaupii , also known as the Kaup 's cut - throat eel , the Gray 's cutthroat , the Longnosed eel , the Northern cutthroat eel , or the Slatjaw cutthroat eel ) is an eel in the family Synaphobranchidae ( cutthroat eels ) .
The tribe Dalbergieae is an early - branching monophyletic clade of the flowering plant subfamily Faboideae or Papilionaceae .
Chayote ( Sechium edule ) is an edible plant belonging to the gourd family Cucurbitaceae , along with melons , cucumbers and squash .
The Golden bush robin ( Tarsiger chrysaeus ) is a species of songbird in the family Muscicapidae , found in the northern regions of the Indian subcontinent and parts of Southeast Asia .
Elatine is one of only two genera in the plant family Elatinaceae , the waterwort family .
Heterobostrychus is a genus of beetles in the family Bostrichidae , the horned powder post beetles .
Orientus is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Deltocephalinae .
The Antiguan racer ( Alsophis antiguae ) is a harmless rear - fanged ( opisthoglyphous ) grey - brown snake that was until recently found only on Great Bird Island off the coast of Antigua , in the Eastern Caribbean .
Hoffmanns 's titi ( Callicebus hoffmannsi ) is a species of titi , a type of New World monkey , endemic to Brazil .
Chinese parsnip root is the root or caudex of Chinese parsnip ( Saposhnikovia divaricata ) .
Alberch 's salamander ( Bolitoglossa alberchi ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Huerniopsis is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described in 1878 .
The Sumba boobook ( Ninox rudolfi ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Philinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs , specifically headshield slugs , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Cephalaspidea .
Laverania is a subgenus of the Plasmodium genus of parasitic protozoa .
The Fueguian sprat or Falkland sprat , Sprattus fuegensis , is a herring - like , marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Atlantic Ocean from 40 ° S to Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands .
Paronychomys is an extinct genus of Cricetidae that existed in Arizona during the Hemphillian period .
Crateranthus is a genus of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family first described as a genus in 1913 .
The Reptilian snake eel ( Brachysomophis henshawi , also known as the Henshaw 's snake eel , the Hawaiian crocodile eel , or the Crocodile snake eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Cebrioninae is a subfamily of click beetles from the Elateridae family .
Brachypalpus is a genus hoverflies , from the family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera .
Marshall 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus marshalli ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
Hesperolaburnum platycarpum is a species of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
The Apiomerini are a tribe of the Harpactorinae ( assassin bugs ) .
The Madidi titi , also known as the GoldenPalace.com Monkey or the golden palace monkey ( Callicebus aureipalatii , `` aureipalatii '' meaning `` of the Golden Palace '' ) , is a titi , a kind of New World monkey , discovered in western Bolivia 's Madidi National Park in 2004 .
Cyclocheilichthys is a genus of ray - finned fish in the family Cyprinidae containing approximately eight valid species .
Hadrosaurus has also traditionally served as the basis for a large subfamily called Hadrosaurinae , which was seen as a group of largely crestless group of hadrosaurs related to the crested subfamily Lambeosaurinae .
Centrosema , the butterfly peas , is a genus of ( mainly tropical ) American vines in the legume family ( Fabaceae ) .
Doflein 's salamander ( Bolitoglossa dofleini ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
The Indian spotted creeper ( Salpornis spilonotus ) is a small passerine bird , which is a member of the subfamily Salpornithinae which is placed along with the treecreepers in the family Certhiidae .
The Cumberland leafshell or Steward 's pearly mussel , Epioblasma stewardsonii , is an extinct species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Odontodactylus is a genus of mantis shrimp , the only genus in the family Odontodactylidae .
Palparidiini is an antlion tribe in the subfamily Palparinae .
The Germain 's swiftlet ( Aerodramus germani ) is a species of swift .
The Mascarene martin or Mascarene swallow ( Phedina borbonica ) is a passerine bird in the swallow family that breeds in Madagascar and in the Mascarene Islands .
Lysimachia foemina ( commonly known as Poorman 's Weatherglass and formerly known as Anagallis foemina ) is a low - growing annual herbaceous plant of the genus Lysimachia belonging to the Primulaceae family .
The Kaironk big - eyed tree frog , Nyctimystes foricula is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to Papua New Guinea .
The Ussuri white - toothed shrew ( Crocidura lasiura ) is a species of musk shrew found on the mainland Northeast Asia .
Meligramma is a genus of hoverflies in the subfamily Syrphinae .
The Algerian three - toed skink or seps tridactyle de l'Algerie ( Chalcides mertensi ) is a species of skink .
Protoclaviger is an extinct Early Eocene transitional fossil myrmecophile of the rove beetle subfamily Pselaphinae , and a stem group of the modern supertribe Clavigeritae , of which Claviger is a representative .
Sterculioideae is a subfamily of the Malvaceae family containing evergreen and deciduous trees and shrubs .
Trimerocephalus is a genus of eyeless trilobites from the order Phacopida , family Phacopidae .
Selenipedium is a genus of the Orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) ( Subfamily Cypripedioideae ) .
Solenaspis is a monotypic genus of hoverfly from the family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera .
Elaphoglossoideae is a subfamily of the Dryopteridaceae family of ferns , based on the previously published family Elaphoglossaceae Pic . Serm .
Calliostomatinae is a subfamily of gastropods , belonging to the family Calliostomatidae .
Copelatinae is a subfamily of diving beetles , in the Dytiscidae family .
The Koepcke 's hermit , ermite de Koepcke , or ermitaño de Koepcke ( Phaethornis koepckeae ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Conasprelloides is a subgenus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Rhopalosilpha wasmanni is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae , the only species in the genus Rhopalosilpha .
Swainson 's flycatcher ( Myiarchus swainsoni ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Catantostomatidae is an extinct family of marine gastropods included in the Vetigastropoda and placed in the superfamily Pleurotomarioidea
Atractus is a genus of colubrid ground snakes in the Dipsadinae subfamily .
Gasteria armstrongii ( Gasteria nitida var . armstrongii ) is a dwarf succulent plant native to South Africa , in the genus Gasteria .
The Diplodactylidae are a family in the suborder Gekkota ( geckos ) , with about 137 species in 25 genera .
Damasonium is a genus of six species of flowering plants in the family Alismataceae , commonly known as starfruit and by the older name thrumwort .
Priacanthus is a genus of marine fishes belonging to the family Priacanthidae , the bigeyes .
The Maui Nui finch ( Telespiza ypsilon ) is an extinct member of the genus Telespiza in the family Fringillidae .
Gracilechinus is a genus of sea urchins in the family Echinidae .
Holcocera is a gelechoid moth genus of the Blastobasidae family .
Paraxanthias is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae , containing one exclusively fossil species and the following extant species :
Drastea is a monotypic genus of moth in the Acrolophidae family .
The Zapata wren ( Ferminia cerverai ) is a medium sized grayish - brown bird that lives in dense shrubs of the Zapata Swamp , Cuba .
Niemeyera is a genus of plants in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1870 .
Archidela is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae that was formed from the breakup of Cicindela .
Alloherpesviridae is a family of viruses within the order Herpesvirales .
Zarigani ( Cambaroides japonicus ) is a species of crayfish endemic to Japan .
Thaumatomyrmex is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae , found from Mexico to Brazil .
Stachytarpheta is a plant genus in the verbena family ( Verbenaceae ) .
The Alta Floresta antpitta ( Hylopezus whittakeri ) is a species of antpitta of the Grallariidae family discovered in 2012 .
Like other members of the family Alvarezsauridae , the forelimbs of Parvicursor were short and stubby , with hands all but completely reduced to a single large claw , possibly useful for opening tough termite mounds or other types of digging .
Haggard 's leaf - eared mouse ( Phyllotis haggardi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Kashmir cave bat ( Myotis longipes ) is a species of vesper bat .
Acroloxidae , commonly known as river limpets , are a taxonomic family of very small , freshwater snails , aquatic pulmonate gastropod limpet - like mollusks with a simple flattened conical shell in the clade Hygrophila .
The Long - headed hill rat ( Bunomys prolatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Rubovietnamia is a genus of plants in the Rubiaceae , native to Vietnam and southern China .
The Atlantic petrel ( Pterodroma incerta ) is a gadfly petrel endemic to the South Atlantic Ocean .
Cutleriales is an order in the brown algae ( class Phaeophyceae ) .
Tudorella is a genus of land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae .
Miliolacea is one of five superfamilies belonging to the Miliolida , ( suborder Miliolina in Loeblich & Tappan 1988 ) .
Roth 's tree frog or the northern laughing tree frog ( Litoria rothii ) is a tree frog native to northern Australia and southern Papua New Guinea .
Oreolais is an alternatively named genus for 2 species of bird in the Cisticolidae family most often placed in the genus Apalis .
The Canterbury mudfish , Neochanna burrowsius , also known as the kowaro , is found only on the Canterbury Plains in New Zealand .
Wilkiea is a genus of dioecious trees and shrubs of the family Monimiaceae .
The Serpent Island gecko ( Nactus serpensinsula ) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family .
Xiurenbagrus is a genus of torrent catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Amblycipitidae .
Heterixalus ( commonly known as the Madagascan reed frog ) is a genus of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family .
Silphedolestids are no longer recognized as a valid grouping , and Silphictidoides is now considered a basal member of the clade Baurioidea .
The Morongo desert snail ( Eremarionta morongoana ) is a species of land snail in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
The Lulu 's tody - flycatcher or Johnson 's tody - flycatcher ( Poecilotriccus luluae ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Agelaius is a genus of blackbirds in the New World family Icteridae .
Chondrostoma ( from the Ancient Greek roots χόνδρος ( khondros , `` lump '' ) + στόμα ( stoma , `` mouth '' ) = `` lump - mouth '' ) is a genus of ray - finned fish in the family Cyprinidae .
The Oxyporinae are a subfamily of the Staphylinidae discovered in 1839 by Erichson .
It is the only species in the genus Santanachelys , which itself is a member of the extinct family Protostegidae .
Apis cerana , or the Asiatic honey bee ( or the eastern honey bee ) , is a species of honey bee found in southern and southeastern Asia , including China , Pakistan , India , Korea , Japan , Malaysia , Nepal , Bangladesh , Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands .
Parietobalaena is an extinct genus of baleen whale , belonging to the family Pelocetidae .
The Chilean flicker ( Colaptes pitius ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
The Peruvian sheartail ( Thaumastura cora ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Evalina is a small genus of sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusks in the tribe Chrysallidini within the family Pyramidellidae .
Salticus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) .
Ablerus is a genus of chalcid wasps belonging to the family Aphelinidae .
The Brazilian heart - tongued frog , Phyllodytes kautskyi , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil .
Compared to Osteolaemus , which has a small body and blunt snout , Brochuchus has a more generalized crocodylid anatomy .
Leucettida is an order in the subclass of Calcinea .
Tropaeolum peregrinum , the canary - creeper , canarybird flower , canarybird vine , or canary nasturtium , is a species of Tropaeolum native to western South America in Peru and possibly also Ecuador .
The Navassa Island iguana ( Cyclura cornuta onchiopsis ) was a subspecies of rhinoceros iguana that was found on the Caribbean island of Navassa .
Argonauta argo , also known as the greater argonaut , is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta .
Peltophryne is a genus of true toads , family Bufonidae , from the Greater Antilles ( Cuba , Isla de Juventud , Hispaniola , Puerto Rico ) .
Doleserpeton is an extinct , monospecific genus of dissorophoidean temnospondyl within the family Amphibamidae that lived during the Upper Permian , 285 million years ago .
The Oecophorinae are the nominate subfamily of moths in the concealer moth family ( Oecophoridae ) .
Senegalia modesta ( commonly called Phulai in Pakistan , Phalāhī ਫਲਾਹੀ پھلاہی ( Punjabi ) in India ) is a species of Acacia commonly found in Pakistan , India and Afghanistan .
Maizaniidae is a family of minute land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Sitka deer or Sitka black - tailed deer ( Odocoileus hemionus sitkensis ) , is a subspecies of mule deer ( Odocoileus hemionus ) , similar to the Columbian black - tailed subspecies ( O. h. colombianus ) .
The European nightcrawler , Eisenia hortensis or Dendrobaena veneta , is a medium - small earthworm averaging about 1.5 grams each when fully grown .
The California butterfly ray ( Gymnura marmorata ) is a species of ray in the family Gymnuridae .
Sturanyella is a genus of land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae , the helicinids .
The Hawaiʻi ʻakepa ( Loxops coccineus ) is an endangered ʻakepa native to Hawaiʻi in the Hawaiian Islands .
Phayre 's leaf monkey ( Trachypithecus phayrei ) , also known as Phayre 's langur , is a species of lutung found in Southeast Asia .
The Yap monarch ( Monarcha godeffroyi ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Selenidera is a bird genus containing six species of dichromatic toucanets in the toucan family Ramphastidae .
The Symmocinae are a subfamily of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea .
Bovine immunodeficiency virus ( BIV ) is a retrovirus belonging to the Lentivirus genus .
Sabuloglossum is a fungal genus in the earth tongue family Geoglossaceae .
Werner 's toad ( Rhaebo nasicus , formerly Bufo nasicus ; in Spanish sapo narigudo ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
The Antillean mango ( Anthracothorax dominicus ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Franz Nopcsa in 1912 correctly identified it as the front part of a neural arch . Craterosaurus was placed in Stegosauria by Galton , although subsequent authors did not recognize Craterosaurus as a distinct , valid taxon .
The taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 categorizes Tropidodiscidae in the superfamilia Bellerophontoidea within the Paleozoic molluscs of uncertain systematic position with isostrophically coiled shells ( Gastropoda or Monoplacophora ) .
Phanoxyla is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species , Phanoxyla hystrix , which is known from northern South America , including Brazil and Ecuador .
Rutelinae is a subfamily of the scarab beetles ( family Scarabaeidae ) .
The Jerusalem artichoke ( Helianthus tuberosus ) , also called sunroot , sunchoke , earth apple or topinambour , is a species of sunflower native to eastern North America , and found from eastern Canada and Maine west to North Dakota , and south to northern Florida and Texas .
The Porto Alegre golden - eyed tree frog , Trachycephalus mesophaeus , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil .
Bolson pupfish ( Cyprinodon atrorus ) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
Dissiliaria is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1867 .
Staphida is an alternatively named genus of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
The Luzon Cordillera forest mouse ( Apomys abrae ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found only in the Philippines .
Dilsea is a red algae genus in the Dumontiaceae family .
The New Zealand ruffe , Schedophilus huttoni , is a medusafish of the family Centrolophidae found in all southern oceans south of latitude 18 ° S , at depths of up to 1,000 m. Its length is up to 90 cm .
Acartophthalmus is a genus of flies , one of only genera in the family Acartophthalmidae .
Airbreathing catfishes are fishes comprising the family Clariidae of order Siluriformes .
The African pompano ( Alectis ciliaris ) ( also known as the pennant - fish and threadfin trevally ) is a widely distributed species of tropical marine fish in the jack family , Carangidae .
The Ruwenzori turaco ( Ruwenzorornis johnstoni ) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family .
Platycrossos is a genus of Protocoleopteran beetle in the family Permosynidae .
Thymelicus is a Palearctic genus in the skipper butterfly family , Hesperiidae .
Crithagra is a genus of small passerine birds in the finch family ( Fringillidae ) .
Daphoenictis is an extinct cat - like genus of the family Amphicyonidae ( bear - dogs ) , subfamily Daphoeninae , endemic to North America during the Late Eocene - Oligocene epochs ( 36 - 26 million years ago ) , existing for approximately 10.2 million years .
Betula humilis is a species of birch that can be found in Europe and Asia .
The Lake Tebera rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia herbertaxelrodi ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Thoracopteridae is an extinct family of prehistoric bony fish ; classified with the order Peltopleuriformes .
Callionymus moretonensis , the Queensland stinkfish , is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found in the waters off of northwestern Australia , Papua New Guinea and Melanesia .
The Cascade torrent salamander ( Rhyacotriton cascadae ) is a species of salamander in the Rhyacotritonidae family .
Micronomus is a subgenus of the Mormopterus genus of bats .
Ratardinae is a small subfamily of moths formerly placed in its own family Ratardidae and related to ( and often included within ) the Cossidae .
Phthinosuchia was named by American paleontologist Everett C. Olson in 1961 , who considered it the most primitive infraorder within Therapsida .
Alamosaurus was in any case an advanced , or derived , member of the group Titanosauria , but its relationships within that group are far from certain .
Umiaites is a Late Jurassic ( Tithonian stage ) ammonitid included in the Olcostephanidae which is part of the Perisphinctaceae .
Flavivirus is a genus of viruses in the family Flaviviridae .
The Coraya wren ( Pheugopedius coraya ) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family , the wrens .
Mimocrypta is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species , Mimocrypta hampsoni , which is known from Uganda .
Nudipleura are a clade of sea snails and sea slugs , marine gastropod mollusks within the large clade Heterobranchia .
The Cambodian logsucker ( Garra cambodgiensis ) , also known as stonelapping minnow or false Siamese algae eater , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Garra .
Polymita , is a genus of large , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Candaharia is a genus of air - breathing land slugs , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Parmacellidae .
Metaplastes is a genus of katydids crickets in family Tettigoniidae subfamily Phaneropterinae .
The Kei myotis ( Myotis stalkeri ) is a species of vesper bat .
The Idaho pocket gopher ( Thomomys idahoensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
Acanthastrea is a genus of large polyp stony corals in the family Lobophylliidae .
Hygromiinae ( Tryon , 1866 ) is a taxonomic subfamily of land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
The Rio de Janeiro antwren ( Myrmotherula fluminensis ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Isoperlinae is a subfamily in the family Perlodidae , also known as the perlodid stoneflies , stripetails or springflies .
The Western Saharan spiny mouse ( Acomys airensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Mali , Mauritania , Niger , and possibly in Western Sahara , western Chad , and southern Algeria .
Lachnocnema , commonly called woolly legs , is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae found mainly in subsaharan Africa .
Pygicera scripta is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Pygicera .
The Sulawesi nightjar ( Caprimulgus celebensis ) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family .
Anginon is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , with 12 species .
Pseudemodesa plenicornis is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Pseudemodesa genus .
Charopidae is a taxonomic family of small air - breathing land snails ( and semi - slugs such as Otoconcha dimidiata ) , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Alepidea is a genus of about twenty species in the botanical family Apiaceae , all of which are endemic to Africa .
The Northern yellow - black triplefin ( Enneapterygius gracilis ) , also known as the Northern Australian yellow - black triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Gulls , often referred to as seagulls , are seabirds of the family Laridae in the suborder Lari .
Gastrotheca is a genus of frogs ( family Hemiphractidae ) found in Central and South America .
The Australian raven is distinguished from the Australian crow species by its throat hackles , which are prominent in adult birds .
Paractenodes rudis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Paractenodes .
Paramartinsia quadrimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Paramartinsia .
The Mission golden - eyed tree frog or Amazon milk frog ( Trachycephalus resinifictrix ) is a large species of arboreal frog native to the Amazon Rainforest in South America .
Platycerium is a genus of about 18 fern species in the polypod family , Polypodiaceae .
The Surat serotine ( Eptesicus dimissus ) is a species of vesper bat .
The Victorin 's warbler ( Cryptillas victorini ) , or Victorin 's scrub warbler is a species of African warbler , formerly placed in the Sylviidae family .
The Stibadocerinae are a subfamily from the Long - bodied Craneflies family Cylindrotomidae .
The Andean mountain cat ( Leopardus jacobita ) is a small wild cat native to the high Andes that has been classified as Endangered by IUCN because fewer than 2500 individuals are thought to exist in the wild .
Whitemargin stargazer ( Uranoscopus sulphureus ) is a fish of family Uranoscopidae , widespread in the Indopacific :
The Big - scale pomfret , Taractichthys longipinnis , is a species of pomfret found in the Atlantic ocean , at depths down to 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) .
Hodgson 's bat ( Myotis formosus ) , also called the copper - winged bat , is a species of vesper bat in the genus Myotis , the mouse - eared bats .
The Suweon tree frog , also spelled Suwon treefrog , Hyla suweonensis , is a species of tree frog found in western South Korea , probably from the Imjin River to the Bay of Asan .
The Dominican green - and - yellow macaw or Atwood 's macaw ( Ara atwoodi ) , also called the Dominican macaw , is an extinct macaw that may have lived on the island of Dominica .
The Siberian chipmunk or common chipmunk ( Eutamias sibiricus ) appears across northern Asia from central Russia to China , Korea , and Hokkaidō in northern Japan .
The Santander dwarf squirrel Microsciurus santanderensis is a small tree squirrel endemic to Colombia .
Genera Orchidacearum , which is currently the definitive work on orchid taxonomy , delimits Disinae as consisting of two closely related genera , Disa and Schizodium , and it places Disinae in the mostly African tribe Diseae , along with four other subtribes :
The Oriental leaf - toed gecko ( Hemidactylus bowringii ) is a species of gecko endemic to Asia .
Amegilla is a large genus of bees in the tribe Anthophorini .
Enicocephalomorpha is an infraorder of the hemipteran suborder Heteroptera ( `` true bugs '' ) .
Teratolepis is a genus of geckos endemic to India , commonly known as Viper Geckos .
The North American porcupine ( Erethizon dorsatum ) , also known as the Canadian porcupine or common porcupine , is a large rodent in the New World porcupine family .
Gymnosarda unicolor , commonly known as the Dogtooth tuna or White tuna , is a species of pelagic marine fish which belongs to the family Scombridae .
Acourtia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae described as a genus in 1830 .
Dampiera is a genus of plants in the Goodeniaceae family which are endemic to Australia occurring in all states .
Flynn & Galiano , however , placed Ictidopappus as incertae sedis within this infraorder , and pointed out that the grouping of Palaeogale and the Viverravidae in the superfamily Viverravoidea was a hypothetical arrangement .
Phylloceras is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Phylloceratidae .
Adamson 's grunter ( Hephaestus adamsoni ) is a species of fish in the Terapontidae family endemic to Lake Kutubu in the Kikori River system , Papua New Guinea .
The Halanaerobiales are an order of bacteria placed within the class Clostridia , and encompassing two families , the Halanaerobiaceae and the Halobacteroidaceae .
Hayekina dispar is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Hayekina .
Cadlina is a genus of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , shell - less marine gastropod mollusks historically classified in the family Chromodorididae .
Punctelia is a genus of lichens belonging to the Parmeliaceae family .
Charpentieria is a genus of small , very elongate , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails , all of which have a clausilium .
Brancoceras is representative of the subfamily Branoceratinae , which makes up part of the acanthoceratacean family Brancoceratidae .
Microschemobrycon is a genus of characins , in the family Characidae , from South America , with seven currently described species .
Sibynophis is a genus of colubrid snakes , commonly called many - toothed snakes , which together with Scaphiodontophis make up the subfamily Sibynophiinae .
Vadonia unipunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Vadonia .
Thylodrias is a monotypic genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae containing the single species Thylodrias contractus , known commonly as the odd beetle and tissue paper beetle .
Oxycoleini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae , containing the following genera and species :
Monard 's African climbing mouse ( Dendromus leucostomus ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Adenanthellum is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae described as a genus in 1979 .
Amphitragulus is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Palaeomerycidae , endemic to Europe from the Miocene epoch .
Tylonautilus is a member of the Tainoceratidae which , with other related families , forms the nautiloid superfamily Tainocerataceae .
The Solomons frogmouth ( Rigidipenna inexpectata ) , also known as the cinnamon frogmouth or Solomon Islands frogmouth , is a bird in the frogmouth family .
Lathrotelinae is a subfamily of the pyraloid family Crambidae .
The Aurelio 's rock lizard ( Iberolacerta aurelioi ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
The Japanese giant hornet ( Vespa mandarinia japonica ) is a subspecies of the world 's largest hornet , the Asian giant hornet ( V. mandarinia ) .
Hesperodiaptomus is a genus of copepods in the family Diaptomidae , containing 18 species .
The Perak horned toad , also Perak spadefoot toad or Malayan horned frog ( Xenophrys aceras ) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family found in Peninsular Malaysia and Thailand , and possibly in Indonesia .
Crested lark , Galerida cristata Maghreb lark , Galerida macrorhyncha Thekla lark , Galerida theklae Malabar lark , Galerida malabarica Sun lark , Galerida modesta Sykes 's lark , Galerida deva Large - billed lark , Galerida magnirostris In addition , there are at least two fossil species which are included in this genus :
Glyptostrobus , is a small genus of conifers in the family Cupressaceae ( formerly in the family Taxodiaceae ) .
`` Acinonyx kurteni '' , commonly known as the Linxia cheetah , is a discredited fossil specimen of an extinct cheetah discovered in China .
Hamilcoa is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1912 .
Rice yellow mottle virus ( RYMV ) is a plant pathogenic virus , belonging to the genus Sobemovirus .
The Peruvian recurvebill ( Syndactyla ucayalae ) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family .
The Redfin worm - eel ( Scolecenchelys laticaudata , also known as the Pearlbelly snake - eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Sarcosuchus is commonly classified as part of the clade Pholidosauridae , a group of crocodile - like reptiles ( Crocodyliformes ) related but outside Crocodylia ( the clade containing living crocodiles , alligators and gharials ) .
Cellana is a genus of sea snails or limpets , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Nacellidae , the true limpets .
The Chirinda apalis ( Apalis chirindensis ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
Gelonieae is a flowering plant of tribe of the subfamily Crotonoideae , under the family Euphorbiaceae ( Spurge Family ) .
The Spix 's woodcreeper ( Xiphorhynchus spixii ) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily ( Dendrocolaptinae ) .
Sphaerocarpos is one of two genera in the Sphaerocarpaceae .
The Cooper Creek catfish , Neosiluroides cooperensis , is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Plotosidae , and is the only species of the genus Neosiluroides .
The Florida banded water snake ( Nerodia fasciata pictiventris ) , a subspecies of the banded water snake ( southern water snake - Nerodia fasciata ) , is a nonvenomous natricine colubrid native to the southeastern United States .
2004 put the Pleurotomarioidea in the order Archaeogastropoda which is included in the Prosobranchia .
Tikoloshanes eretiformis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Tikoloshanes .
The Gila springsnail , scientific name Pyrgulopsis gilae , is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
The Biatorellaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Lecanorales .
The Tasmanian froglet , ( Crinia tasmaniensis ) is a species of ground - dwelling frog that occurs only in Tasmania , Australia .
Siebold 's water snake ( Enhydris sieboldii ) is a species of mildly venomous , rear - fanged , colubrid snake , endemic to Asia .
Blanford 's rosefinch was formerly placed in the genus Carpodacus with the other rosefinches .
The Santa Marta blossomcrown ( Anthocephala floriceps ) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
The Opata sucker , or matalote Opata ( Catostomus wigginsi ) , is a species of ray - finned fish in the Catostomidae family .
' Brachyistius frenatus , the Kelp perch , is a species of surfperch native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from British Columbia , Canada to Baja California , Mexico where it is found in kelp forests down to a depth of about 30 metres ( 98 ft ) .
Sulzbacheromyces is a monospecific genus in the family Lepidostromataceae ( the only family ) within the fungal order Lepidostromatales ) .
Cardioceratidae is an extinct ammonite family belonging to the superfamily Stephanocerataceae .
Bannerman 's turaco ( Tauraco bannermani ) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family .
Vertiginidae , common name the whorl snails , is a family of minute , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea .
Cibolites is a genus of ammonoid in the family Paraceltitidae of the cephalopod order Ceratitida which lived during the Late Permian .
Opistognathidae , the jawfishes , are a family of fishes classified within the order Perciformes , suborder Percoidei .
The Toba betta ( Betta rubra ) is a species of gourami endemic to Indonesia where it is an inhabitant of peat swamps .
The Ctenostomata are an order of bryozoans in the class Gymnolaemata .
The European bee - eater ( Merops apiaster ) is a near passerine bird in the bee - eater family Meropidae .
The Tristram 's storm petrel ( Oceanodroma tristrami ) is a species of seabird in the storm petrel family Hydrobatidae .
Acrisione is a genus of the tribe Senecioneae and the family Asteraceae and a native of Chile , described as a genus in 1985 .
Propanoplosaurus was by the describers assigned to the Nodosauridae .
Cubeb ( Piper cubeba ) , or tailed pepper is a plant in genus Piper , cultivated for its fruit and essential oil .
Hymenomycetes was the largest class of fungi within the phylum Basidiomycota , but the term is no longer taxonomically relevant .
The Wyanad day gecko ( Cnemaspis wynadensis ) is a species of geckos found in Wayanad , India .
Milne - Edwards ' sportive lemur ( Lepilemur edwardsi ) , or Milne - Edwards ' weasel lemur , is a species of lemur in the family Lepilemuridae .
Paphia is a genus of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae , the Venus clams .
Father Schoenig 's chocolate ( Parantica schoenigi ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly , endemic to the Philippines .
Panga is the common South African name for Pterogymnus laniarius , a small , ocean - dwelling fish , native to the southeast Atlantic Ocean and southwest Indian Ocean .
Melampyrum is a genus of about 20 species of herbaceous flowering plants in the family Orobanchaceae known commonly as cow wheat .
Pseudochironomus is a genus of European and North American non - biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae .
Prestosuchus is an extinct genus of pseudosuchian in the family Prestosuchidae .
Phasianella , common name the pheasant shells , is a genus of small sea snails with a calcareous operculum and a colorfully patterned shell , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Phasianellidae .
Danaoceras is a nautiloid cephalopod from the middle Silurian of central Europe included in the oncoceroid family Polyelasmoceratidae .
The Madagascar sucker - footed bat , Old World sucker - footed bat , or simply sucker - footed bat ( Myzopoda aurita ) is a species of bat in the family Myzopodidae endemic to Madagascar , especially in the eastern part of the forests .
Western chat - tanager , Calyptophilus tertius Eastern chat - tanager , Calyptophilus frugivorus The name Calyptophilus comes from the Greek words kaluptēs , meaning `` hider '' ( derived from kaluptō , meaning `` to cover '' ) and philos , meaning `` loving '' ( derived from phileō , meaning `` to love '' ) .
Querandiornis romani was a species of bird from the clade Tinamidae that lived in the Pleistocene epoch , about 6 million years ago .
Pterogobius is a genus of fish in the goby family , Gobiidae , native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean .
The Bahamian hutia or Ingraham 's hutia ( Geocapromys ingrahami ) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae .
The genus Oligoneuron is considered phylogenetically a basal or near - basal member of the subtribe Astereae .
According to a cladistic analysis performed by the describers , Nanyangosaurus was a basal member of the Hadrosauroidea , more derived than Probactrosaurus and closely related to the Hadrosauridae .
Gerontia pantherina is a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae .
Unidentiidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs , specifically aeolid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Aeolidioidea .
Morphaneflus prolixus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Morphaneflus .
The Mahanadi razorbelly minnow ( Salmophasia untrahi ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Salmophasia .
The Moeopsyllini form a flea tribe in the family Pulicidae .
The Makira starling ( Aplonis dichroa ) , also known as the San Cristobal starling , is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
Trachylinae ( also Trachylina , Trachylinida , etc . ) are a cnidarian subclass of the Hydrozoa .
Cenoceras is an extinct genus within the cephalopod mollusk family Nautilidae , which in turn makes up part of the superfamily Nautilaceae .
Sphingulus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species , Sphingulus mus , which is found from the south - eastern part of the Russian Far East and the Korean Peninsula south into eastern China .
The Polykrikaceae ( also known as Polykrikidae ) are a family of athecate dinoflagellates of the order Gymnodiniales .
Xanthocanace is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae .
Festuca ( fescue ) is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the grass family , Poaceae ( subfamily Pooideae ) .
Valloniidae is a taxonomic family of small and minute , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea .
Decapterus is a genus of marine fishes in the family in the jack family , Carangidae , commonly known as mackerel scads , round scads , or horse mackerel .
The Bates 's weaver ( Ploceus batesi ) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family .
Callicarpa ( beautyberry ) is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the family Lamiaceae .
The Cladobranchia are a taxonomic clade of nudibranchs , sea slugs , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Dexiarchia .
The Indian bush lark , Indian bushlark or red - winged bushlark ( Mirafra erythroptera ) is a species of bushlark found in South Asia mainly in India .
Today Valdosaurus is generally considered a member of the Dryosauridae .
Agriopoma is a genus of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae , the venus clams .
The Cubera snapper , Lutjanus cyanopterus , is a species of snapper native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Nova Scotia to the Amazon River in Brazil , though it is rare north of Florida .
Mirror turtle ants ( Cephalotes specularis ) are a species of ant that mimic other , unrelated ants ( Crematogaster ampla ) in order to steal their food .
Bolma is a genus of medium to large sea snails with a calcareous operculum , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Acanthina , common name the unicorn snails , is a genus of small predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Peristichia is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Oxymycterus hucucha , also known as the Quechuan Hocicudo , is a species of rodent in the genus Oxymycterus of family Cricetidae from South America .
Gryllus is a genus of field cricket ( Orthoptera , Gryllidae , Gryllinae ) .
Influenza A virus subtype H6N1 , also known as H6N1 , is a subtype of the influenza A virus .
The Southern alligator lizard ( Elgaria multicarinata ) is a common species of lizard native to the Pacific coast of North America .
The Ruwenzori duiker or Ruwenzori red duiker ( Cephalophus rubidus ) is a stocky but small antelope found only in the Ruwenzori Mountains between Uganda and , probably , the Democratic Republic of Congo .
The family Pliopithecidae is an extinct family of fossil catarrhines and members of the Pliopithecoidea superfamily .
The Tumbes sparrow ( Rhynchospiza stolzmanni ) is a species of bird in the family Emberizidae found in Ecuador and Peru .
Like other members of the subfamily Hypoptopomatinae , Pseudotocinclus is primarily herbivorous and is more commonly found at or near the upper portion of the water column .
Some members are listed as threatened or endangered and have been the focus of disputes over development plans ( e.g. Limnanthes floccosa subsp . californica , Limnanthes vinculans ) The Limnanthaceae are members of a recently identified clade ( Brassicales ) of mustard oil producing plants .
Parantica , commonly called Tigers , is an Old World genus of butterflies in subfamily Danainae of family Nymphalidae .
Curveulima is a major genus of medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae .
The genus Begomovirus is a genus of viruses , in the family Geminiviridae .
The Iquitos gnatcatcher ( Polioptila clementsi ) is a gnatcatcher ( Polioptilidae ) described as new to science in 2005 .
Augustasaurus is a genus of aquatic sauropterygian reptile belonging to the Pistosauria , a clade containing plesiosaurs and their close relatives .
The Ringneck blenny ( Parablennius pilicornis ) is a species of combtooth blenny widespread in coastal waters of Eastern Atlantic from Spain and Portugal to Möwe Bay , Namibia , in the Mediterranean Sea from Morocco , Algeria , Spain .
× Heucherella is an evergreen perennial flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae .
Californites is a genus of the Upper Triassic clydonicacean family Clionitidae with a discoidal , evolute shell and radial tuberculate ribs that end in strong ventrolateral spines .
Cyprinion semiplotum , the Assamese kingfish , is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Asia where it occurs in fresh waters of India , Nepal , Bhutan and Myanmar .
Proteoideae is one of five subfamilies of the flowering plant family Proteaceae .
Lampsilis higginsii is a rare species of freshwater mussel known by the common name Higgins ' eye pearly mussel .
According to phylogenies based on morphological characteristics , Scincogekkonomorpha is the sister taxon of Iguania and together they make up crown group Squamata , the smallest clade including all living snakes and lizards .
Thermothrix is a genus of Gram - negative , nonspore - forming , thermophilic , motile bacteria with a single polar flagellum of the family Burkholderiaceae and class Betaproteobacteria .
The family Montiaceae was newly adopted in the APG III system and includes members of the Caryophyllales formerly listed in Portulacaceae .
The Anthophorini are a large tribe in the subfamily Apinae of the family Apidae .
The Guianan spear - nosed bat ( Phyllostomus latifolius ) is a bat species from South America .
Parabaryssinus lineaticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Parabaryssinus .
Debaryomyces is a genus of yeasts in the family Saccharomycetaceae .
Barathrites is a genus of cusk - eels found in deep waters of the northwest Atlantic Ocean .
Anapliomera is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , which existed in what is now Illinois , U.S.A. It was described by Demott in 1987 , and the type species is Anapliomera shirlandensis .
Prosantorhinus is an extinct genus of rhinoceros from the lower and middle Miocene .
The Ocellated sand - eel ( Lamnostoma polyophthalma ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
The Amazonian antshrike ( Thamnophilus amazonicus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae , the antbirds .
The Natal free - tailed bat ( Mormopterus acetabulosus ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae , the free - tailed bats .
According to Teichert , 1964 , Megadisocosorus is a member of one of the two branches of the Armenoceratidae that also includes Nybyoceras and Selkirkoceras .
Cardiapoda is a genus of very small floating sea snails or heteropods , pelagic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Carinariidae .
Verreaux 's mouse or Verreaux 's white - footed rat ( Myomyscus verreauxii ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Cimolomyidae is a family of fossil mammal within the extinct order Multituberculata .
Toxophacops is a genus of trilobites from the order Phacopida , family Phacopidae .
The Pacific ladyfish , also known as the Pacific tenpounder and Machete ( Elops affinis ) is a species of fish in the genus Elops , the only genus in the monotypic family Elopidae .
Alpinia is a genus of flowering plants in the ginger family , Zingiberaceae .
Most authors place the genus in the family Lecythidaceae , the sole genus in the subfamily Foetidioideae , but some prefer to treat it as a distinct family , the Foetidiaceae .
Henna ( Lawsonia inermis , also known as hina , the henna tree , the mignonette tree , and the Egyptian privet ) is a flowering plant and the sole species of the Lawsonia genus .
The Kungwe apalis ( Apalis argentea ) is a species in the Cisticolidae family .
In taxonomy , the Archaeoglobales ( Greek / Latin mix for `` old balloon '' ) are an order of the Archaeoglobi .
The Big Bend gambusia ( Gambusia gaigei ) is a rare species of fish in the Poeciliidae family .
Previously , in 1821 , Gray named the superfamily Didelphoidea to house the families Alphadontidae , Pediomyidae , Peradectidae , and Stagodontidae , which unites Didelphodon with many other genera .
Puertasaurus belonged to the clade Titanosauria .
The Baja California killifish ( Fundulus lima ) is a killifish in the Fundulidae family .
Previously included either in the elm family ( Ulmaceae ) or a separate family , Celtidaceae , the APG III system places Celtis in an expanded hemp family ( Cannabaceae ) .
The New Guinea free - tailed bat ( Tadarida kuboriensis ) , sometimes designated the New Guinea mastiff bat , is an extant species of free - tailed bat that inhabits the Chimbu highlands of Papua New Guinea .
The Sumatran crow ( Euploea martinii ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
The Nilgiri flycatcher ( Eumyias albicaudatus ) is an Old World flycatcher with a very restricted range in the hills of southern India .
Selliera is a genus of herbs in the family Goodeniaceae .
Urocissa is a genus of birds in the family Corvidae , a family which contains the crows , jays and magpies .
Azorella is a genus of about 70 species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae , native to South America , New Zealand and the islands of the Southern Ocean .
Lobolytocerasa Lytoceratid genus included in the Alocolytoceratinae in which only the inner whorls have large swollen ribs , later whorls have wrinkled growth lines which coarsen somewhat , near the aperture .
Piptoporus is a genus of bracket fungi in the Fomitopsidaceae family .
Mullus is a subtropical marine genus of perciform fish of the family Mullidae ( goatfish ) and includes the red mullets , occurring mainly in the southwest Atlantic near the South American coast and in the Eastern Atlantic including the Mediterranean and the Black Sea .
The Javan torrent frog ( Huia masonii ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Cabot 's tragopan ( Tragopan caboti ) is a pheasant found in south - east China .
The Beardslee trout ( Oncorhynchus mykiss irideus f. beardsleei ) , formerly Salmo gairdneri beardsleei ) is a local form of rainbow trout endemic to Lake Crescent in Washington .
The Fujian pond turtle ( `` Mauremys '' × iversoni ) is a possibly also naturally occurring intergeneric hybrid turtle in the Geoemydidae family ( formerly Bataguridae ) produced in larger numbers by Chinese turtle farms as a `` copy '' of the golden coin turtle Cuora trifasciata .
Srimara planicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Srimara .
Lamberticeras is an extinct ammonite genus belonging to the family Cardioceratidae .
Rhopalobrachium was a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family but is no longer recognized .
The Centriscidae are a family of fishes from the order Syngnathiformes which includes the snipefishes , shrimpfishes , and bellowfishes .
Rhizothera is a genus of bird in the Phasianidae family , native to Malaysia .
The Magela hardyhead or Mariana 's Hardyhead ( Craterocephalus marianae ) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Australia .
The Central Kashmir vole ( Alticola montosa ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Cape May warbler ( Setophaga tigrina ) is a species of New World warbler .
Brachycerus is a genus of Curculionidae family , Brachycerinae subfamily .
Austrolestes is a genus of medium to large - sized damselflies in the family Lestidae .
Cryptorites scotti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Cryptorites .
The Scree skink , Oligosoma waimatense , is a species of skink native to several sites throughout the South Island of New Zealand .
The Texas rat snake ( Elaphe obsoleta lindheimeri ) is a subspecies of rat snake , a nonvenomous colubrid found in the United States , primarily within the state of Texas , but its range extends into Louisiana , Arkansas and Oklahoma .
The order Peramelemorphia includes the bandicoots and bilbies : it equates approximately to the mainstream of marsupial omnivores .
Some authorities place the subfamily Arvicolinae in the family Muridae along with all other members of the superfamily Muroidea .
Lymanopoda is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae found in north - western South America .
Bryophyllum ( from the Greek βρῦον/βρύειν bryon / bryein = sprout , φύλλον phyllon = leaf ) is a plant genus of the Crassulaceae family that has sometimes been included within the genus Kalanchoe .
Despite its many similarities to turtles , Eunotosaurus has a skull that shares many characteristics with the skulls of more primitive reptiles , resulting in many studies placing it in the extinct group Parareptilia .
The pleasing lacewings , Dilaridae , are a family of winged insects of the order Neuroptera .
Etroplus canarensis , the Canara pearlspot or banded chromide , is a species of cichlid endemic to South Karnataka in India .
Metatomarctus is an extinct genus of Borophaginae and a terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Early Hemingfordian stage of the Miocene epoch living 23.0 - -5.3 Mya , existing for approximately 17.7 million years
Blitum is a flowering plant genus from the subfamily Chenopodioideae in the Amaranthaceae family .
The New Zealand greater short - tailed bat ( Mystacina robusta ) was one of two species of New Zealand short - tailed bats , a family ( Mystacinidae ) unique to New Zealand .
Tecomanthe is a genus of 5 species of tropical or subtropical forest lianes in the family Bignoniaceae .
Ischnagonum carinigerum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Ischnagonum .
Peringia is a genus of very small snails with gills and an operculum , gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Lasius californicus is a species of ant belonging to the genus Lasius , and was formerly apart of the genus Acanthomyops ( now a subgenus ) .
Spergularia is a genus in the Caryophyllaceae family , containing plants known as sandspurrys and sea - spurreys .
Bocage 's mole - rat ( Fukomys bocagei ) is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae .
Avitomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae which contains three described species .
Mucronea is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with two species restricted to California .
Sander volgensis , the Volga pikeperch or Volga zander , is a species of fish in the perch family Percidae .
Furcifer polleni , also known as the Mayotte chameleon , is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Mayotte in the Comoros Islands .
The Biak glider ( Petaurus biacensis ) is a species of marsupial in the family Petauridae .
Pycnotheca is a genus of hydroids in the family Kirchenpaueriidae .
Zeodera atra is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Zeodera .
Leuciscus is a genus of fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae .
Africanogyrus is a genus of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Cassinia is a large genus of plants in the family Asteraceae , most or all of which are native to the Southern Hemisphere .
Graphoderus is a genus of beetle in family Dytiscidae native to the Palearctic , including Europe , and the Near East .
The Livingstone 's turaco ( Tauraco livingstonii ) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family , which was named for Charles Livingstone , the brother of David Livingstone .
Lyogyrus is a genus of very small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
The Mucoraceae are a family of fungi of the order Mucorales , characterized by having the thallus not segmented or ramified .
The Japanese spurdog , Squalus japonicus , is a dogfish , a member of the family Squalidae .
The Sierra de las Minas hidden salamander ( Cryptotriton sierraminensis ) is one of seven species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Scleria is a genus of flowering plants in the sedge family , Cyperaceae .
The Lufira masked weaver ( Ploceus ruweti ) , also known as Ruwet 's masked weaver and Lake Lufira weaver , is a species of bird in the weaver family , Ploceidae .
Trichophthalmus is a genus of beetles which belong to the family Belidae .
Hypselognathus horridus C. E. Dawson & Glover , 1982 ( Prickly pipefish ) Hypselognathus rostratus ( Waite & Hale , 1921 ) ( Knife - snouted pipefish )
In 2007 , the spelling was corrected to Archaeonycteridae and it was reclassified to the unranked clade Microchiropteramorpha by Smith et al ..
Slim lightfish , also known as Ichthyococcus elongatus , is a species of the genus Ichthyococcus .
Aeolidiella is a genus of sea slugs , aeolid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Aeolidiidae .
Batai virus ( BATV ) is a RNA virus belonging to family Bunyaviridae , genus Orthobunyavirus .
Cookia is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Kachpurites is an uppermost Jurassic ( Tithonian ) ammonite included in the perisphincacean family , Craspeditidae ; although some classifiers put the Craspeditidae a subfamily in the Polyptychitidae .
The beetle subfamily Aulacoscelidinae ( sometimes misspelled `` Aulacoscelinae '' ) is a small , uncommonly - encountered group presently classified within the family Orsodacnidae , historically placed as a subfamily of Chrysomelidae , or sometimes classified as a separate family Aulacoscelidae .
Holmgrenanthe petrophila ( rocklady , formerly Maurandya petrophila ) is a rare perennial desert plant in the plantain family ( Plantaginaceae ) , and the sole species of the genus Holmgrenanthe .
The Indian star tortoise ( Geochelone elegans ) is a species of tortoise found in dry areas and scrub forest in India and Sri Lanka .
Thelenota is a genus of sea cucumber , in the Stichopodidae familia
Arambourgisuchus khourbgaensis is a member of the Dyrosauridae , based on the presence of the following synapomorphies : presence of large occipital tuberosities supratemporal fenestra largely longer than wide According to Jouve et al .
Prosorhochmidae is a family of nemertean worms belonging to the suborder Monostilifera .
Austranillus macleayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Austranillus .
Diguetinus raptator is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Phthinosuchus is the sole member of the family Phthinosuchidae .
Gonatodes is a genus of New World dwarf geckos of the family Sphaerodactylidae .
The Siberian stonechat or Asian stonechat ( Saxicola maurus ) is a recently validated species of the Old World flycatcher family ( Muscicapidae ) .
Archegosaurus is a member of Archegosauridae and gives its name to the family .
Kalaharituber is a genus of fungi within the Pezizaceae family .
Eremoceras is a genus in the Ellesmeroceratidae which lived during the Early Ordovician , characterized by an orthoconic adult stage , similar to Ellesmeroceras , but with the dorsal side of the adult living chamber somewhat convex , and a juvenile portion that is more gradually expanding and ventrally concave .
The Huon astrapia ( Astrapia rothschildi ) is a species of bird - of - paradise .
The Sulawesi blue flycatcher ( Cyornis omissus ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Sterolibacterium is a genus of gram - negative , oxidase- and catalase - positive rod - shaped bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria .
Crossley 's ground thrush ( Geokichla crossleyi ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
Conioselinum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family , native to Eurasia and North America .
The Bornean bristlehead ( Pityriasis gymnocephala ) , also variously known as the bristled shrike , bald - headed crow or the bald - headed wood - shrike , is the only member of the passerine family Pityriaseidae and genus Pityriasis .
Pardillana is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae .
A later phylogenetic analysis placed Eremosuchus within the suborder Sebecosuchia .
Scudderia is a genus of katydids in the subfamily Phaneropterinae .
Musculium is a genus of small freshwater clams , aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Sphaeriidae , the fingernail clams and pea clams .
The Indochinese fulvetta ( Fulvetta danisi ) is a bird species in the family Sylviidae .
The Palau flycatcher ( Myiagra erythrops ) , also known as the mangrove flycatcher , is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Ctenomys yatesi , also called Yates '' Tuco - Tuco , is a species of tuco - tuco native to Bolivia .
Walvisteuthis is the only squid genus in the family Walvisteuthidae , consisting of a single species , Walvisteuthis virilis .
Pyganodon is a genus of freshwater mussels , aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
The Australian marbled catshark , Atelomycterus macleayi , is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae , found in the eastern Indian Ocean , endemic to Western Australia between latitudes 12 ° S and 21 ° S , from the surface to 245 m ( 800 ft ) .
Toronia is a genus of tree in the family Proteaceae that contains a single species , Toronia toru , which is found in New Zealand .
Vectidraco was assigned to the Azhdarchoidea , in a basal position .
Oligochaeta ( /ˌɒlɪɡəˈkiːtə , -ɡoʊ-/ ) is a class of animals in the phylum Annelida , which is made up of many types of aquatic and terrestrial worms , and including all of the various earthworms .
The African dwarf skate or South African pygmy skate ( Neoraja stehmanni ) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family .
Glosselytrodea is an extinct order of insects .
Badister is a genus of ground beetle in the Carabidae family native to North Africa , the Near East and the Palearctic , including Europe .
Glossogobius hoesei , Hoese 's goby , is a species of goby endemic to the Ayamaru Lakes in West Papua , Indonesia where it can be found on muddy or gravel substrates as well as in small tributary streams .
Texoceras is an extinct ammonoid genus in the monotypic goniatitid subfamily Texoceratinae , included in the family Adrianitidae .
Poynton 's caco or Poynton 's dainty frog ( Cacosternum poyntoni ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family , endemic to South Africa .
The Chinese white - bellied rat ( Niviventer confucianus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Pseudoterpnini are a tribe of geometer moths in the subfamily Geometrinae .
Abalistes is a small triggerfish genus found in the Indo - Pacific and eastern Atlantic .
Actinoceras is the principal and root genus of the Actinoceratidae , a major family in the Actinocerida , that lived during the Middle and Late Ordovician .
The Abrostolini are a small tribe of moths in the Plusiinae subfamily , consisting of the genera Abrostola and Mouralia .
The Capparaceae ( or Capparidaceae ) , commonly known as the caper family , are a family of plants in the order Brassicales .
The Golden grey mullet ( Liza aurata ) is a fish in the family Mugilidae .
Proteocephalidae is a family of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidea order .
Enneapterygius rhothion , known commonly as the Surf triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Alaska plaice ( Pleuronectes quadrituberculatus ) is a saltwater fish that live in the North Pacific Ocean .
Pileostegia is a genus of 4 species of flowering plants in the family Hydrangeaceae , native to India and eastern Asia .
GB virus C ( GBV - C ) , formerly known as hepatitis G virus ( HGV ) and also known as HPgV is a virus in the Flaviviridae family and a member of the Pegivirus genus , is known to infect humans , but is not known to cause human disease .
Jelinekia barri is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Jelinekia .
Screech owls or screech - owls are typical owls ( Strigidae ) belonging to the genus Megascops .
Ellipsaria lineolata is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
The Boji Plains nothobranch ( Nothobranchius bojiensis ) is a species of fish ( a killifish ) in the Nothobranchiidae family , endemic to Kenya .
Castanopsis , commonly called chinquapin or chinkapin , is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the beech family , Fagaceae .
Zoogloea is a genus of gram - negative , aerobic , rod - shaped bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria .
Cladarosymblema is a genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which belonged to the family of Megalichthyidae .
The Sulu gollumshark ( Gollum suluensis ) is a species of ground shark in the family Pseudotriakidae , found off the southern Philippines .
The circumscription of Pseudergolinae has seen some changes in the recent years , when it was first suggested that the tribes Cyrestini and Pseudergolini formed a monophyletic clade with subfamily status under the name Cyrestinae , but then the tribes were split again -- with subfamily status -- as their positions within the Nymphalidae were defined more clearly .
The Tanala tufted - tailed rat ( Eliurus tanala ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Antipodolycaena is a subgenus of the genus Lycaena which is found only in New Zealand .
The Guam flying fox ( Pteropus tokudae ) , also known as the little Marianas fruit bat , was a tiny megabat from Guam in the Marianas Islands in Micronesia that was confirmed extinct due to hunting or habitat changes .
Typhedanus is a Neotropical butterfly genus in the family Hesperiidae ( Eudaminae ) .
Iceland moss ( Cetraria islandica ) is a lichen whose erect or upright , leaflike habit gives it the appearance of a moss , where its name likely comes from .
Tenualosa is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family and its subfamily Alosinae ( the shads ) .
The Eurasian golden oriole or simply golden oriole ( Oriolus oriolus ) is the only member of the oriole family of passerine birds breeding in Northern Hemisphere temperate regions .
Actinocephalus is a genus of plants in the Eriocaulaceae , first described in 2004 .
The Ega long - tongued bat ( Scleronycteris ega ) is a bat species from South America .
The genus of the myrrhs , Commiphora , is the most species - rich genus of flowering plants in the frankincense and myrrh family , Burseraceae .
Pseudalethe is a genus of small , mainly insectivorous birds in the thrush family , Turdidae , although some taxonomists place them in the Old World flycatcher family , Muscicapidae .
Capabatus raffrayi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Capabatus .
Chilostigma is a genus of caddisflies in the family Limnephilidae .
Chioides is a mainly Neotropical genus of skipper butterflies in the family Hesperiidae ( Eudaminae )
The Egyptian pygmy shrew ( Crocidura religiosa ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Arabian sicklefin chimaera ( Neoharriotta pumila ) is a species of fish in the Rhinochimaeridae family found near Somalia , Yemen , and possibly India .
The Atlantic footballfish ( Himantolophus groenlandicus ) , also known as the man - gobbler , is an anglerfish found in extreme depths of the ocean .
Pleuroploca is a genus of very large predatory sea snails with an operculum , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae , which includes the spindle shells , the tulip shells and other allied genera .
Travancore flying squirrel ( Petinomys fuscocapillus ) , also known as the small flying squirrel , is a flying squirrel found in South India and Sri Lanka .
The genus Phelline The genus Phelline is in the family Phellinaceae in the major group Angiosperms ( Flowering plants ) .
Cardiocraniinae is a subfamily of rodents in the family Dipodidae , named by the Russian zoologist Boris Stepanovich Vinogradov ( 1891 - -1958 ) in 1925 .
Saulea is the type genus of the tribe Sauleini .
The Sumba buttonquail ( Turnix everetti ) is a species of bird in the Turnicidae family .
Monacanthus chinensis Osbeck , 1765 ( Fan - bellied leatherjacket ) Monacanthus ciliatus Mitchill , 1818 ( Fringed filefish )
The Sulawesi soft - furred rat ( Eropeplus canus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Tsitana , commonly called sylphs , is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae are found primarily in Africa .
Trigoniidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the superfamily Trigonioidea .
Proxatrypanius rockefelleri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Proxatrypanius .
Dobson 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus yunanensis ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
The Atlantic Spanish mackerel ( Scomberomorus maculatus ) is a migratory species of mackerel that swims to the Northern Gulf of Mexico in spring , returns to south Florida in the Eastern Gulf , and to Mexico in the Western Gulf in the fall .
The Kutubu hardyhead ( Craterocephalus lacustris ) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family .
Lepetella is a genus of very small deep - sea sea snails or limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Lepetellidae .
Mylène Lazare ( born November 20 , 1987 ) is a French swimmer , who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Zoltán Kósz ( born November 26 , 1967 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian water polo player , who played on the gold medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Cheng En He competed in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in the 400 m , 800 m and 1500 m , it was in this last event that he won his solitary medal , a bronze .
Charles Darley Miller ( October 23 , 1868 -- December 22 , 1951 ) was a British polo player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics as a member of the British polo team Roehampton , which won the gold medal .
Alan McClatchey ( born 16 September 1956 ) is a British former swimmer who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada , and won a bronze medal as a member of the British 4x200-metre freestyle relay with Gordon Downie , David Dunne and Brian Brinkley .
Randy Will ( born August 24 , 1964 ) is an American former bobsledder who competed in the 1992 and 1994 Winter Olympics .
Natasha Baker MBE ( born 30 December 1989 ) is a British para - equestrian who won two gold medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics .
Günther Maritschnigg ( 7 November 1933 -- 22 January 2013 ) was a German former wrestler who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Mario Rottaris ( born February 8 , 1968 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey centre who last played for HC Fribourg - Gottéron in Switzerland 's National League A. Rottaris has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments , including the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Ivar Mobekk ( born September 15 , 1959 in Elverum ) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who competed at the 1980 Winter Olympics .
Maike Stöckel ( born 6 March 1984 in Bielefeld ) is a German field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Mark Dry ( born 11 October 1987 ) is a British track and field athlete , competing in the hammer throw , who won a bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
József Darányi ( 28 September 1905 in Devecser -- 23 December 1990 in Veresegyház ) was a Hungarian shot putter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics , in the 1932 Summer Olympics , and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Mirko Vuillermin ( born August 2 , 1973 in Aosta ) is a retired Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and in the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Zdeněk Růžička ( born 15 April 1925 ) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics , in the 1952 Summer Olympics , and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Kevin Bracken is an American Greco - Roman wrestler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , where he finished 6th at 63 kg .
Jacqui Benkenstein ( née Geyser , born 4 August 1974 ) is a South African former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Masayuki Kishida ( born 24 November 1985 ) is a Japanese swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Édouard Marcelle ( 1 October 1909 -- 9 November 2001 ) was a French rower who won a silver medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics , together with his elder brother Armand .
Norbert Rózsa ( born 9 February 1972 in Dombóvár ) is a former breaststroker from Hungary , who competed at three consecutive Olympics , beginning with the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Ratko Radovanović ( born 16 October 1956 ) is a Serbian former basketball player who competed for SFR Yugoslavia at the 1980 Summer Olympics and at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Mauro Testa ( born 19 February 1947 ) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Kálmán Bartalis ( born May 16 , 1889 , date of death unknown ) was a Hungarian polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Mary Frizzell ( later Thomasson , January 27 , 1913 -- October 12 , 1972 ) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Sonam Chuki ( born 7 April 1963 ) , is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Chuki competed for Bhutan at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles in the individual event where she finished 43rd .
Paul Piaget ( 1905 - - ? ? ) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Marian Simion ( born September 14 , 1975 in Bucureşti ) is a Romanian boxer , who competed in the Light Middleweight ( 71 kg ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal .
Guo Xinxin ( born August 2 , 1983 ) is a Chinese aerial skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Giorgio Lalle ( born March 4 , 1957 ) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Italy , who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Alejandro Albor ( born January 13 , 1964 ) is an American cyclist who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens , Greece and a silver and bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing , China .
Karl Vernon MM ( 19 June 1880 -- 11 July 1973 ) , sometimes known by his nickname The Bean , was a British rower and coach who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Baron Marie Jules Henri de Castex ( born 13 July 1854 , date of death unknown ) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Theresa Zabell Lucas ( born 22 May 1965 in Ipswich , Suffolk ) is a Spanish sailor who won gold medal both in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , and in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Barry Pickering ( born 12 December 1956 ) was a successful association football player who represented New Zealand internationally , being part of the 1982 squad that participated at 1982 FIFA World Cup finals where he was the third choice goalkeeper behind Frank van Hattum and Richard Wilson .
Franjo Mihalić ( Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( fraːɲɔ ˈmixalitɕ ) ; 9 March 1920 -- 14 February 2015 ) was a Croatian - Serbian long - distance runner best known for his 1958 win at the Boston Marathon and his marathon silver medal in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Abraham Kepsin ( born 10 February 1980 ) is a Vanuatuan sprinter Kepsin competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics held in Sydney , he entered the 100 metres and ran a personal best time of 11.12 seconds and finished 8th in his heat so did n't qualify for the next round .
Erminio Frasca ( born 6 June 1983 ) is an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Marit Øiseth ( 29 December 1928 - -5 October 1971 ) was a Norwegian cross - country skier of the 1940s and 1950s who participated in the 1952 Winter Olympics , held in Oslo .
Louis Prével was a French single scull rower who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Ludo Delcroix ( born 28 October 1950 ) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer , who won the 9th stage in the 1979 Tour de France .
Joseph Dowler ( 1 February 1879 -- 13 February 1931 ) was a British tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Quincey Clark ( born June 5 , 1972 ) is a former competitor in Greco - Roman Wrestling , who represented the United States at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Finn Halvorsen ( born 21 February 1947 in Våler , Hedmark ) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who he competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck .
Édouard Bourguignon ( born 18 August 1887 to unknown death ) was a Belgian tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Gerhard Bock ( born 6 March 1879 , date of death unknown ) was a German sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Lucille Opitz ( born 24 November 1977 ) is a German speed skater who won a gold medal in the women 's team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Markus Hacksteiner ( born November 18 , 1964 in Windisch , Aargau ) is a former middle distance runner from Switzerland , who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Béla Pálfi ( Serbian : Bela Palfi , Бeлa Пaлфи ; 16 February 1923 -- 9 September 1995 ) was a Serbian footballer of Hungarian ethnicity who was part of Yugoslavia national football team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Lee Jong - ae ( born 18 March 1975 ) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Toshio Usami ( Japanese : 宇佐美 敏夫 , born February 22 , 1908 ) was a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
František Havelka ( born July 8 , 1908 , date of death unknown ) was a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia .
Luciano Negrini ( born June 22 , 1920 ) is an Italian rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
He was attending a high - altitude training camp in Flagstaff , Arizona , when he became ill . Eamon Sullivan was a member of the controversial Australian Olympic swimming team during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , and competed in the Australian men 's 4 × 100 metre relay team .
Jalmari Sauli ( Jalmari Verner Sauli ; August 17 , 1889 in Hämeenlinna -- April 22 , 1957 ) was a Finnish writer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Molly Sterling ( born 8 March 1998 ) is an Irish singer and songwriter who represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song `` Playing with Numbers '' .
Vladimir Vujasinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Вујасиновић ; pronounced ( ʋlǎdimiːr ʋujasǐːnɔʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 14 August 1973 ) is a former Serbian water polo player , who has a 2000 Summer Olympics bronze medal ( FR Yugoslavia team ) , 2004 Summer Olympics silver medal ( Serbia and Montenegro team ) , and numerous other titles .
Nicholas DiOrio ( February 4 , 1921 in Morgan , Pennsylvania -- September 11 , 2003 in Green Tree , Pennsylvania ) was a member of the U.S. national team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Olivier Jean is a member of the Canadian team and relay team in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
George Carnoutsos ( born 12 February 1958 ) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand , who was a member of the national team that finished seventh at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Richard Schwarz ( born January 8 , 1890 , date of death unknown ) was a German - Russian track and field athlete who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Wojciech Fortuna ( born 6 August 1952 ) is a Polish former ski jumper who won the Olympic Gold Medal in the Large Hill at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo .
Gunnar Robert Hedin ( born 2 February 1966 ) is a Swedish handball coach and retired player who won silver medals at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics .
Keith Beavers ( born February 9 , 1983 ) is a backstroke and medley swimmer from Canada who represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Tranquilino Garcete ( 1907 - - ? ? ) was a Paraguayan football midfielder who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup .
Niamh Kavanagh ( /ˈniːv ˈkævənɔː/ NEEV KAV - ə - nah ; born 13 February 1968 ) is an Irish singer who sang the winning entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 .
Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson ( born 29 May 1989 in Dalvík ) , transliterated / also known as Eythor Ingi , is an Icelandic singer who represented Iceland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö , Sweden with the song `` Ég á líf '' after winning Söngvakeppnin 2013 .
Luke Madill ( born 28 May 1980 in Sydney ) is an Australian BMX cyclist who was selected to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Per Samuelshaug ( 26 August 1905 -- 4 January 1990 ) was a Norwegian cross country skier from Alvdal who participated at the 1936 Winter Olympics .
Eva Santamaría ( born Eva María Delgado Macías , 18 October 1971 in El Puerto de Santa María , Cádiz ) is a Spanish singer , known for representing Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 with her song `` Hombres '' ( Men ) , composed by the journalist Carlos Toro .
Elana Meyer ( born 10 October 1966 , in Albertinia ) is a former long - distance runner from South Africa , who won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the 10,000 metres event .
Yeung Chui Ling ( Chinese : 楊翠玲 ; Jyutping : joeng4 ceoi3 ling4 ; born 17 September 1982 ) is a fencer from Hong Kong , China who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women 's épée team competition .
Ren Hui ( Chinese : 任慧 ; pinyin : Rèn Huì ; born August 11 , 1983 in Yichun , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese speed skater who won a bronze medal in the Women 's 500 m at the 2006 Winter Olympics and bronze at the World Single Distance Championships for Women .
Dimitrios Loundras ( September 6 , 1885 -- February 15 , 1971 ) was a Greek gymnast who competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Jürgen Wiefel ( born 10 March 1952 in Leipzig ) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Konrad Freiherr von Wangenheim ( 20 August 1909 -- 28 January 1953 ) was a German army Cavalry officer , a horse rider who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , securing a gold medal for the German equestrian team whilst suffering from a broken collarbone .
Bill Parnell ( 14 February 1928 -- 6 September 2008 ) was a Canadian middle distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Marina Yurchenya ( born 9 November 1959 ) is an Soviet former swimmer who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Rigoberto Pérez Amavisca ( born 26 November 1912 , date of death unknown ) was a Mexican pole vaulter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Petar Ivanov , Italianised to Pietro Ivanov ( 1894 -- 1961 ) was an Croatian rower who competed for Italy in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Cleiton Conceição ( born November 1 , 1978 in Cruz das Almas , Bahia ) is a Brazilian boxer , who represented his native country in the middleweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Hou Yingli ( Chinese : 候颖莉 , born 15 August 1978 ) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer who competed in both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics .
After a string good performances for Adelaide United , Holger Osieck selected Eugene Galekovic as part of his 23-man squad for the decisive 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification ( AFC ) match against Oman .
Dimitrios Drivas was a Greek swimmer best known for competing at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Konrad Hirsch ( 19 May 1900 in Eidskog , Norway -- 17 November 1924 ) was a Swedish football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Johann Zeitler ( born 30 April 1927 ) is a German former footballer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Qazi Abdul Waheed ( born 16 April 1922 ) was a field hockey player from Pakistan who played for Pakistan 's National Field Hockey Team at the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Toshiaki Inoue ( born 3 January 1951 ) is a Japanese former triple jumper who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Henri Padou , Jr. ( 21 August 1928 -- 16 November 1999 ) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Loida Zabala Ollero ( born 5 April 1987 ) is a Spanish disability powerlifter who has represented Spain at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics .
Panteley Dimitrov ( Bulgarian : Пантелей Димитров ; 2 November 1940 -- 23 June 2001 ) was a Bulgarian football midfielder who played for Bulgaria in the 1962 FIFA World Cup .
Addis Abebe ( born September 5 , 1970 ) is a former long - distance runner from Ethiopia , best known for winning a bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Inés Arrondo ( born November 28 , 1977 in Mar del Plata ) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina , who won the silver medal with the national women 's hockey team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and a bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
Josip Zidarn ( born September 24 , 1909 , date of death unknown ) is a Yugoslav canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Zsófia Csonka ( born in Pécs on 1983 September 12 ) is a Hungarian sport - shooter who competed at the 2004 , 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Dragutin Friedrich ( 5 January 1897 -- 26 March 1980 ) was a Croatian footballer who represented the national team of the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Katalin Szilágyi ( born November 16 , 1965 in Nyíregyháza ) is a former Hungarian handball player who has won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta .
Willy Schröder ( 7 March 1912 -- 28 September 1990 ) was a German athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
2005 Feminnem won the right to represent Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 in Ukraine with their entry `` Call Me '' , an up - tempo pop song written and composed by Andrej Babić .
Jože Gazvoda ( born 4 February 1949 in Ljubljana ) is a retired Slovenian alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1968 Winter Olympics .
Kim U - gil ( born October 17 , 1949 ) is a former boxer from North Korea who won the silver medal in the light flyweight division ( -- 48 kg ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany .
Hans Theilig ( 12 August 1914 in Hamburg -- 6 October 1976 ) in Hamburg was a German field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Brett Winslow ( born September 8 , 1967 in Santa Barbara , California ) is a former American volleyball player , who was a member of the United States men 's national volleyball team that finished in ninth place at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Vera Lischka ( born 1 May 1977 in Linz , Oberösterreich ) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Austria , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Josef Slíva ( born November 25 , 1898 , date of death unknown ) was a Czech figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics .
Pedro Isidro ( born 17 July 1985 in Azambuja ) is a Portuguese race walker who competed in the 50 kilometres walk event at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Pierre - Yvon Lenoir ( 8 August 1936 -- 25 November 2015 ) was a French middle distance runner who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Joseph Lubega ( born January 1 , 1982 in Namirembe , Kampala ) is a boxer from Uganda , who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his country .
Roberto Frigerio ( born 16 May 1938 in Le Havre , France ) is a Swiss football forward who played for Switzerland in the 1962 FIFA World Cup .
Giorgi Gogshelidze ( born 7 November 1979 in Gori ) is a Georgian wrestler , who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Shannon Flynn ( born 22 August 1996 ) is an English actress from Rochdale , Greater Manchester , who is best known for playing Emily James in Waterloo Road .
Artúr Coray ( July 16 , 1881 -- February 27 , 1909 ) was a Hungarian track and field athlete who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris , France .
Justyna Kozdryk ( born 4 March 1980 ) is a Polish powerlifter who won silver at the 2008 Summer Paralympics .
Andrei Rekechinski ( born 7 January 1981 ) is a retired Russian water polo player who played on the silver medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the bronze medal squad at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Otto Steffers ( born October 19 , 1972 , in Louisville , Kentucky ) is a former field hockey defender from the United States , who finished twelfth with the national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Zhang Yunsong ( born 20 March 1977 ) is a Chinese basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
James Harper - Orr ( 18 October 1878 -- 19 March 1956 ) was a Scottish cricketer and field hockey player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Travis Jayner ( born May 9 , 1982 in Riverview , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian - born American short track speed skater who is a member of the US Olympic Team for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Erzsébet Balázs - Baranyai ( October 15 , 1920 − November 24 , 2014 ) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London , where she won a silver medal in the women 's team competition after replacing an injured Ágnes Keleti .
Saleem Al - Nasri ( Arabic : سليم النصري‎ ; born January 1 , 1977 in Ibri ) is an Omani sport shooter who competes in the double trap at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Rezső Crettier ( born November 25 , 1878 - died ? ) was a Hungarian track and field athlete who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Leanne Del Toso ( born 12 August 1980 ) is a 3.5 point wheelchair basketball player who represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , where she won a silver medal .
Manuela Stellmach ( born 22 February 1970 in Berlin ) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany , who was a member of the women 's relay team that won the gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Karl Gustaf Lennart Lindroos ( born December 2 , 1886 , date of death unknown ) was a Finnish breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Tarryn Bright ( born 26 April 1983 ) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Juan Bautista Hernández Pérez ( born December 24 , 1962 ) is a retired boxer from Cuba , who won the gold medal in the Bantamweight division ( -54 kg ) at age seventeen at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Samir Azzimani ( Arabic : سمير عزيماني‎ , born October 22 , 1977 ) is an alpine and nordic skier who competed for Morocco at the 2010 Winter Olympics .
Josef Krämer ( May 4 , 1878 -- January 20 , 1954 ) was a German gymnast , track and field athlete , and tug of war competitor who competed in the 1906 Summer Olympics and in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Sverre Sørsdal ( August 5 , 1900 -- March 21 , 1996 ) was a Norwegian boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics , in the 1924 Summer Olympics , and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Gunnar Wennerström ( June 27 , 1879 -- 1931 ) was a Swedish water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Pascal Fauvel ( 8 April 1882 -- 22 October 1942 ) was a French archer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Silvia Bertagna competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Rene Capo ( May 9 , 1961 -- July 6 , 2009 ) was a judoka from the United States who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Enzo Sacchi ( January 6 , 1926 -- July 12 , 1988 ) was a road bicycle and track cyclist from Italy , who won the gold medal in the men 's 1,000 metre sprint scratch race at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , Finland .
Belal Mabrouk ( born 2 August 1984 ) is an Egyptian handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
On December 16 , 2010 , Queen Harrison won The Bowerman , the `` Heisman of Track and Field '' She qualified to the 2011 World Championships in Athletics , but did not make it out of the semi - final round .
Jānis Vilsons ( born January 10 , 1944 , Beja , Alūksne Municipality ) is a former Latvian handball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Dejan Savić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Савић ) ( born 24 April 1975 ) is former Yugoslavian and Serbian water polo player who played for the bronze medal squad of FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the silver medal squad of Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Lindsay Sutton ( born 23 October 1989 ) is an Australian track and field athlete who represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in athletics .
Liu Yun - Chang ( Chinese : 劉 雲章 , born February 20 , 1912 , date of death unknown ) was a Chinese basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Vlastimil Černý ( born April 7 , 1963 ) is a former butterfly and freestyle swimmer , who competed for Canada at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Asset Mambetov ( born 10 June 1982 ) is a Kazakh wrestler , who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Mathias Torstensen ( born November 1 , 1896 - date of death unknown ) was a Norwegian rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Włodzimierz Cieślak ( born 23 April 1950 , in Zgierz ) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
August Oberhauser ( born 4 March 1895 , date of death unknown ) was a Swiss football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Paul Kellner ( June 6 , 1890 -- April 3 , 1972 ) was a German backstroke swimmer , who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Sobhan Rouhi ( Persian : سبحان روحی‎‎ ; born 13 December 1947 ) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Bethany Firth ( born 14 February 1996 ) is a Northern Irish Paralympic swimmer competing for Great Britain as of 2014 ; previously Firth had competed , and won a gold medal , for Ireland at the 2012 Summer Paralympics .
Leonid Barkovskiy ( born 13 December 1940 ) is an Soviet former long jumper who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Richard Brickell ( born 29 October 1975 in Newbury , Berkshire , England ) is a sport shooter who represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi where he won both individual Gold and Bronze medals in the pairs event .
Für die Nacht gemacht is the second full - length album of Mondsucht .
That Crazy Feeling is a song written by Ray Doggett and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers ( then known as Kenneth Rogers ) .
Bloody Tourists was the sixth studio album by 10cc and the second to be produced following the band 's 1976 split .
Kneipenterroristen ( German for Tavern terrorists ) is the 5th album of the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz .
In Your Own Time is the second studio album by Take That band member Mark Owen .
Uriel Sebree was born in Fayette , Missouri , on February 20 , 1848 , to Judge John Sebree , called `` one of the prominent citizens of old Howard County '' by the Jefferson County Tribune , and his wife .
John Lyman Chatfield was born September 13 , 1826 at Oxford , Connecticut in western New Haven County , Connecticut .
Damien Godet ( born November 10 , 1986 in Sartrouville , Yvelines ) is a French professional BMX cyclist .
Brad Delson attended Agoura High School in Agoura Hills , an affluent suburb of Los Angeles , with childhood friend and Linkin Park band mate Mike Shinoda .
Mariko Daouda ( born 13 November 1981 , Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a retired Ivorian footballer .
Cristoforo Landino ( 1424 in Pratovecchio , Casentino , Florence -- 24 September 1498 , in Borgo alla Collina , Casentino ) was an Italian humanist and an important figure of the Florentine Renaissance .
One day when Bairam Khan was at Sahastralinga Tank , a religious site near Anhilwad Patan , he was recognised by Lohani Pashtun , an associate of Haji Khan Mewati .
Robert Hacomblen ( also spelt Hacomplaynt , Hacumplaynt , Hacomplayne , Hacomblene , Hacumblen ) ( b London , 1455 or 1456 ; d Cambridge , 8 Sept 1528 ) , was provost of King 's College , Cambridge .
Eugène Rouché ( born 18 August 1832 at Sommières , Gard , France , died 19 August 1910 at Lunel , Hérault ) was a French mathematician .
Brian Greenhoff ( 28 April 1953 -- 22 May 2013 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Manchester United , Leeds United and Rochdale .
Johan Steffan Danielsen ( 3 September 1922 in Nólsoy , Faroe Islands - 28 May 1976 in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands ) was a Faroese painter .
Vlastimil Tusar ( 18 October 1880 Prague -- 22 March 1924 Berlin ) was a Czech journalist and political figure .
Florent Fidèle Constant Bourgeois , a French landscape painter , engraver , and lithographer , was born in Paris in 1767 .
Andrea Dandolo ( 1306 -- 7 September 1354 ) was elected the 54th doge of Venice in 1343 , replacing Bartolomeo Gradenigo who died in late 1342 .
Pierre - Hector Coullié ( 14 March 1829 -- 12 September 1912 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was Archbishop of Lyon .
Trude Richter ( born Magdeburg 19 November 1899 ; died Leipzig 4 January 1989 ) was a writer , literary scholar and teacher who became a political activist .
Yuli Daniel was born in Moscow , the son of the Yiddish playwright M. Daniel ( Mark Meyerovich , Russian : Марк Наумович Меерович ) .
Max Zilzer ( 23 November 1868 , in Budapest -- 1943 , in Berlin ) was a Hungarian - born German stage and film actor .
Herbert Gerigk ( 2 March 1905 , Mannheim -- 20 June 1996 , Dortmund ) was a German musicologist , notable for his co - authoring of the Nazi Lexicon of Jews in Music .
Georg Wertheim ( February 11 , 1857 , Stralsund -- December 31 , 1939 , Berlin ) was a German merchant and founder of the popular Wertheim chain of department stores .
Pietro Scaglione ( Lercara Friddi , March 2 , 1906 -- Palermo , May 5 , 1971 ) was an Italian magistrate and Chief Prosecutor of Palermo ( Sicily ) .
After the Battle of Aegospotami , Alcibiades crossed the Hellespont and took refuge in Phrygia , with the object of securing the aid of Artaxerxes against Sparta .
William Wyld ( London 1806 -- 25 December 1889 Paris ) was an English painter .
Henri Legrand du Saulle ( Dijon , 16 April 1830 -- Paris , 5 May 1886 ) was a French psychiatrist .
Merrit Cecil Walton ( December 18 , 1915 -- August 7 , 1942 ) was an American Marine Corps platoon sergeant who died a hero in battle at Gavutu in the Solomon Islands .
Rudolf Nelson ( 4 April 1878 -- 5 February 1960 ) was a German composer of hit songs , film music , operetta and vaudeville , and the founder / director of the Nelson Revue , a significant cabaret troupe on the 1930s Berlin nightlife scene .
Auguste Barth ( born in Strasbourg 22 May 1834 ; died in Paris 15 April 1916 ) was a French orientalist .
Joseph Süß Oppenheimer ( 1698 -- February 4 , 1738 ) was a German Jewish banker and court Jew for Duke Karl Alexander of Württemberg in Stuttgart .
Pjetër Zarishi or Dom Pjeter Xarishi ( 1806 Blinisht , Zadrima -- 1866 Kallmet , Lezhë ) was an Albanian Mirditë Catholic priest and poet who established a tradition of the 19th century Catholic literature in northern Albania .
Władysław Taczanowski ( 1 March 1819 , Jabłonna -- 17 January 1890 , Warsaw ) was a Polish zoologist .
When Camillo Róndani was born in Parma the city was part of the French Empire Napoleon having crowned himself King of Italy .
Norah McGuinness ( 7 November 1901 , County Londonderry , Ireland -- 22 November 1980 , County Dublin ) was an Irish painter and illustrator .
Saint Cunibert , Cunipert , or Kunibert ( c. 600 -- 12 November c. 663 ) was the ninth Bishop of Cologne from 627 to his death .
Rudolf Pöch ( April 17 , 1870 , Tarnopol , Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria - March 4 , 1921 , Innsbruck ) , was an Austrian doctor , anthropologist , and ethnologist .
Roy Saunders ( 4 September 1930 -- 29 January 2009 ) was a professional footballer who played for Liverpool and Swansea Town .
Jimmy Aubrey ( 23 October 1887 in Bolton , Lancashire , England -- 2 September 1983 in Woodland Hills , California ) was an English actor who worked with both Charlie Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy , having gone with Fred Karno 's company to America .
Manuela Malasaña Oñoro ( Madrid , Spain , March 10 , 1791 - Madrid , May 2 , 1808 ) was one of the victims of the uprising against the troops of Napoleon I of France stationed in the Spanish capital during the Peninsular War ( also called Spanish War of Independence ) .
When Soviet troops took Prague in May 1945 , Avgustyn Voloshyn was arrested by the NKVD and taken to Moscow .
Guglielmo Gratarolo or Gratarolo or Guilelmus Gratarolus ( 16 May 1516 , Bergamo - 16 April 1568 , Basel ) was an Italian doctor and alchemist .
Jean Ballesdens ( 1595 in Paris -- 1675 in Paris ) was a French lawyer , editor and bibliophile , though he has left practically no writings .
Arthur Ryan Smith was born in Calgary , Alberta on May 16 , 1919 to parents Arthur LeRoy Smith and Sara Isobel Ryan .
Karl Heinrich Emil Becker ( 14 September 1879 in Speyer -- 8 April 1940 in Berlin ) was a German weapons engineer and artillery general .
Hyacinthe Laurent Théophile Aube ( 22 November 1826 , Toulon , Var -- 31 December 1890 , Toulon ) was a French admiral , who held several important governmental positions during the Third Republic .
Luitpold Steidle ( born Ulm 12 March 1898 : died Weimar 27 July 1984 ) was a German army office and an East German politician .
Vicente Masip ( also Vicente Macip ) ( Andilla , 1475 - Valencia , 1545 ) was a Spanish painter of the Renaissance period .
Anastasia Baburova ( Russian : Анастасия Эдуардовна Бабурова Anastasia Eduardovna Baburova , Ukrainian : Анастасiя Едуардівна Бабурова Anastasia Eduardivna Baburova ; 30 November 1983 -- 19 January 2009 ) was a journalist for Novaya Gazeta and a student of journalism at Moscow State University .
Like her sisters , Teresa Brambilla studied at the Milan Conservatory , where she first became acquainted with Giuseppina Strepponi , a fellow student and the future wife of Giuseppe Verdi .
Sharaf Khan Bidlisi or Sharaf al - Din Bitlisi ( Kurdish : شەرەفخانی بەدلیسی , Şerefxanê Bedlîsî ; Persian : شرف‌خان بدلیسی‎‎ ) ( 949 - 1012/1543 - 1603 - 04 ) was a medieval Kurdish emir and a politician from the Emirate of Bitlis .
Heinrich Wilhelm Schott ( 7 January 1794 in Brünn ( Brno ) , Moravia -- 5 March 1865 at Schönbrunn Palace , Vienna ) was an Austrian botanist well known for his extensive work on aroids ( Family Araceae ) .
Jan Antoni Blank ( 6 May 1785 , Olsztyn - 20 February 1844 , Warsaw ) was a Polish painter in the Classical style who specialized in portraits and miniatures ; many of which are in a style similar to Biedermeier .
Johannes Bosboom ( born The Hague , February 18 , 1817 -- died there September 14 , 1891 ) was a Dutch painter and watercolorist of the Hague School , known especially for his paintings of church interiors .
Viktoria von Ballasko ( 24 January 1909 , Vienna -- 10 May 1976 , Berlin ) was an Austrian actress .
Michele Zaza ( Italian pronunciation : ( miˈkɛːle ˈdzaddza ) ; Procida , April 10 , 1945 -- Rome , July 18 , 1994 ) was a member of the Camorra criminal organisation who was also initiated in the Sicilian Mafia .
Lubov Rabinovich , ( Любовь Семеновна Рабинович ) ( 1907 in Liepāja , Russian Empire -- 2001 in Moscow , Russia ) was a Soviet Russian painter most noted for her works depicting rural life and particularly life in the newly created settlements of the Virgin Lands Campaign .
Franz Michael Permaneder ( b. at Traunstein , Bavaria , 12 August 1794 ; d. at Regensburg , 10 October 1862 ) was a German canon lawyer .
Cow Cow Davenport , who died in 1955 in Cleveland , Ohio , of hardening of the arteries , is a member of the Alabama Music Hall of Fame .
Louis Dominique Munnier or Meunier , born 17 December 1734 in Phalsbourg ( Moselle ) , died in 1800 in Nancy , ( Meurthe - et - Moselle ) , was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars .
Lazar Brodsky died on September 19 , 1904 from diabetes mellitus in Basel , on September 24 his body was brought to Kiev and the same day the funeral was organized at the Choral Synagogue .
Anne Pressly ( August 28 , 1982 -- October 25 , 2008 ) was an American news anchor for KATV Channel 7 in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Joshua Abraham Norton ( c. 1818 -- January 8 , 1880 ) , known as Emperor Norton , was a citizen of San Francisco , California who in 1859 proclaimed himself `` Norton I , Emperor of the United States '' and subsequently `` Protector of Mexico '' .
Father Patrick Peyton , C.S.C. , died peacefully holding a Rosary in a very small room on June 3 , 1992 in San Pedro , California .
Rainer Penkert ( 23 June 1921 -- 11 April 2012 in Munich ) , was a German actor .
Giovanni Antonio Sanna ( Sassari , 29 August 1819 -- Rome , 9 February 1875 ) was an Italian entrepreneur and politician .
Bogdan Khanenko ( Russian : Богдан Ханенко ) ( 1848 - -1917 ) was a Kiev - born lawyer , sugar industrialist , and art collector .
Raymond Leyris better known as Cheikh Raymond , ( born on 27 July 1912 in Batna of a Judeo - Berber father and French mother and assassinated in Constantine , French Algeria on 22 June 1961 ) was a renowned Algerian Jewish musician .
Ignacio Pinazo Camarlench ( Valencia , January 11 , 1849 - -Godella , October 18 , 1916 ) was a Spanish painter , and one of the most prominent artists of Valencia from the end of the nineteenth century , working in the Impressionist style .
A resident of Syosset on Long Island , New York , following his retirement from banking August Belmont IV made his home in Easton , Maryland where he died in 1995 at age eighty - six .
Ğäliäsğar Kamal was born on 6 January 1879 in the family of a furrier craftsman in Kazan .
Hinrik Funhof ( d. 1485 , also spelled Henrik Funhof ) was a late Gothic painter who lived and worked in Hamburg .
Jesse A. Fernández ( born December 7 , 1925 Havana , Cuba , died 1986 in Paris , France ) was a Cuban artist and photographer .
Jacques Élie Faure ( April 4 , 1873 in Sainte - Foy - la - Grande , France -- October 29 , 1937 in Paris ) was a French art historian and essayist .
Léon Choubrac ( 17 November 1847 -- 5 April 1885 ) , also known as Hope , was a French poster designer and illustrator based in Paris .
Wilhelm Biltz ( born March 8 , 1877 in Berlin , died November 13 , 1943 in Heidelberg ) was a German chemist and scientific editor .
Bob Spottiswood died in early 1966 , in Bromley , Greater London , aged 81 or 82 .
Giuliano Bugiardini ( January 29 , 1475 -- February 17 , 1555 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance period known as Mannerism , born and mainly active in Florence .
Adolphe Beaufrère ( Quimper March 24 , 1876 - -February 16 , 1960 Larmor - Plage ) was a French painter , illustrator , and engraver .
Albert Kellogg ( December 6 , 1813 in Connecticut -- March 31 , 1887 in Alameda , California ) , was an American physician , northern California botanist , and one of seven founders in 1853 of the California Academy of Sciences .
George Allen Gilreath ( September 26 , 1834 -- July 3 , 1863 ) commanded the North Carolina 55th Regiment which advanced the farthest during Pickett 's Charge at the Battle of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , during the American Civil War .
Pope Eutychian ( died 7 December 283 ) , also called Eutychianus , was the Bishop of Rome from 4 January 275 to his death in 283 .
Michael Szilágyi de Horogszeg ( Hungarian : horogszegi Szilágyi Mihály ; ? 1400 -- Constantinople , 1460 ) was a Hungarian general , Regent of Hungary , Count of Beszterce ( Bistrița ) and Head of Szilágyi--
Mikuláš Schneider - Trnavský KSG ( 24 May 1881 , Trnava -- 28 May 1958 , Bratislava ) was a Slovak composer , conductor and pedagogue .
Umberto Benigni was a Catholic priest and Church historian , who was born on 30 March 1862 in Perugia , Italy and died on 27 February 1934 in Rome .
Eise Jeltes Eisinga ( 21 February 1744 -- 27 August 1828 ) was a Frisian amateur astronomer who built the Eise Eisinga Planetarium in his house in Franeker , Frisia Province in the Netherlands .
Lorenzo Ghiberti ( Italian : ( loˈrɛntso ɡiˈbɛrti ) ; 1378 -- 1 December 1455 ) , born Lorenzo di Bartolo , was a Florentine Italian artist of the Early Renaissance best known as the creator of the bronze doors of the Florence Baptistery , called by Michelangelo the Gates of Paradise .
Five years later , Ambrosius Stub moved to Ribe , where he kept close company to Bishop Hans Adolph Brorson .
Paolo Grassi ( Milan , Italy , 30 October 1919 - London , England , 14 March 1981 ) was an Italian theatrical impresario .
Jean Charles Rodolphe Radau ( January 22 , 1835 -- December 21 , 1911 ) was an astronomer and mathematician who worked in Paris at the Revue des deux Mondes for most of his life .
Ayillyath Kuttiari Gopalan ( 1 October 1904 -- 22 March 1977 ) , popularly known as A. K. Gopalan or AKG , was an Indian communist leader and first leader of opposition in India .
Dagmar Oakland died in Burbank , California in 1989 .
Henryk Borowski ( 14 February 1910 in Płock - 13 November 1991 in Warsaw ) was a Polish theater , radio and film actor .
Anselmo Zarza Bernal ( June 4 , 1916 in Atlixco , Puebla -- April 15 , 2014 in León , Guanajuato ) was a Roman Catholic Bishop in Mexico .
Sabin Bălașa ( Romanian pronunciation : ( saˈbin bəˈlaʃa ) ; June 17 , 1932 in Dobriceni , Olt -- April 1 , 2008 , Bucharest ) was a contemporary Romanian painter .
Hasan Mutlucan ( born 1 March 1926 in İzmir- 28 . December 2011 in Istanbul ) was a Turkish folk music ( türkü ) singer .
August Ferdinand Bernhardi ( 24 June 1769 in Berlin -- 1 June 1820 in Berlin ) was a German linguist and writer .
Achille - Constant - Théodore - Émile Prisse d'Avennes ( 27 January 1807 , Avesnes - sur - Helpe -- 16 February 1879 , Paris ) was a French archaeologist , egyptologist , architect and writer .
Guglielmo Letteri ( Rome , 11 January 1926 -- Rome , 2 February 2006 ) was an Italian comic book artist , best known for his work on the Tex Willer comic .
Mahbub Jamal Zahedi ( 21 June 1929 in Dhaka -- 7 December 2008 in Karachi ) was a veteran journalist and philatelist from Pakistan .
Giovanni Francesco Barbieri ( February 8 , 1591 -- December 22 , 1666 ) , best known as Guercino , or Il Guercino ( ɡwerˈtʃiːno ) , was an Italian Baroque painter and draftsman from the region of Emilia , and active in Rome and Bologna .
Maria Gaetana Agnesi was born in Milan , to a wealthy and literate family .
Anna Katarina Beskow or Anna Catharina Beskow ( 2 February 1867 in Stockholm -- 1937 in Tullstorp or 12 August 1939 in Salzburg ) was a Swedish chess master .
Louis - Frédéric Schützenberger ( Strasbourg September 8 , 1825 , Strasbourg April 17 , 1903 ) was a French painter .
Klaus Havenstein ( 7 April 1922 in Wittenberge , Germany -- 19 March 1998 in Munich ) , was a German actor , cabaret artist , dubbing artist and television presenter .
On June 2 , 1979 , Jim Hutton died in Los Angeles from liver cancer , just two days after his 45th birthday .
In September 2007 , at age 49 , Stalking Cat moved to Tonopah , Nevada .
Heinrich Friedrich von Arnim - Heinrichsdorff - Werbelow ( born 23 September 1791 in Werbelow / Uckermark ; died 18 April 1859 in Berlin ) was a Prussian statesman .
Pavlo Khudzik ( Ukrainian : Павло Олександрович Худзік ; 29 April 1985 in Teofipol , Khmelnytskyi Oblast , Ukrainian SSR -- 8 March 2015 in Zolotonosha , Cherkasy Oblast , Ukraine ) was a professional Ukrainian football striker who played for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Mary Howitt was away from her residence in Meran in Tyrol spending the winter in Rome when she died of bronchitis on 30 January 1888 .
James Frank Gilliam ( 14 March 1915 in Seattle -- 16 March 1990 in Princeton , New Jersey ) was an American classical scholar and historian of ancient Rome .
Madeleine Truel ( Lima , Peru , 28 August 1904 - Stolpe , Parchim , Germany , 1945 ) , was a Peruvian woman of French parentage who fought in the French Resistance .
Friedrich - Wilhelm Otte was killed on 8 May 1944 at Sevastopol during Crimean Offensive ( 1944 ) .
Elizabeth Shepley Sergeant ( April 23 , 1881 , Winchester , Massachusetts -- January 26 , 1965 , New York City ) was an American journalist and writer .
Ali Şen ( 1918 , Adana , Adana Vilayet , Ottoman Empire - 15 December 1989 , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish actor , father of the actor Şener Şen .
Paul Therèse van der Maesen de Sombreff ( 25 October 1827 in Maastricht -- 14 November 1902 , Maastricht ) was a Dutch Jonkheer and politician .
Josias I , Count of Waldeck ( 18 March 1554 at Eisenberg Castle -- 6 August 1588 at Eisenberg Castle ) , was a Count of Waldeck - Eisenberg .
Arthur Winston ( March 22 , 1906 -- April 13 , 2006 ) was a Los Angeles Metro employee for 76 years .
Conrad Moench ( sometimes written Konrad Mönch ; 15 August 1744 -- 6 January 1805 ) was a German botanist , professor of botany at Marburg University from 1786 until his death .
Eduardo Orrego Villacorta ( September 12 , 1933 in Chiclayo -- December 24 , 1994 in Lima ) , was a Peruvian architect and politician in the early 1980s .
Pvt . William Jacob Covington ( July 1 , 1838 , Spartenburg Dist . S.C. , U.S. -- January 24 , 1910 , Memphis , TN , U.S. ) was the first district Court Clerk of Camp County , Texas .
Malek Haddad ( born in Constantine , Algeria on 5 July 1927 ; died in Algiers on 2 June 1978 ) was an Algerian poet and writer in the French language .
Grzegorz Antoni Ogiński ( b. on June 23 , 1654 - d. October 17 , 1709 in Lublin ) was a Polish - Lithuanian Hetman and governor - general of the Duchy of Samogitia from 1698 .
Giacomo Filippo Foresti da Bergamo ( 1434 - -1520 ) was an Augustinian monk , known as the author of several significant early printed works .
Viktorin / Victorinus Strigel ( * 16 or 26 December 1524 in Kaufbeuren--26 June 1569 in Heidelberg ) was a Philippist Lutheran Theologian .
August Gaul was a founding member of the Berlin Secession .
François - Désiré Mathieu ( 27 May 1839 , Einville - au - Jard , Meurthe - et - Moselle -- 26 October 1908 , London ) was a French Bishop and Cardinal .
Véra Korène died in 1996 in Louveciennes in a senior citizen 's home and was interred in the Cimetière de Pantin in the Parisian suburb of Pantin .
Santiago Gómez Cousillas ( September 26 , 1903 , Montevideo , Uruguay - March 24 , 1984 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a classic Uruguayan - Argentine actor who appeared in films between 1936 and 1980 .
Ferenc Faludi ( uitgepoept in Güssing on 11 April 1704 ; died in Rechnitz on 18 December 1779 ) was a Hungarian poet who has been referred to as `` the father of the new Hungarian lyric . ''
Peter Stumpp ( died 1589 ) ( whose name is also spelled as Peter Stube , Pe(e)ter Stubbe , Peter Stübbe or Peter Stumpf ) was a Rhenish farmer , accused of being a serial killer and a cannibal , also known as the `` Werewolf of Bedburg '' .
Fred Sadoff died of AIDS on May 6 , 1994 in his home in Los Angeles , California at age 67 .
Orry - Kelly was the professional name of Orry George Kelly ( 31 December 1897 -- 27 February 1964 ) , a prominent Australian - American Hollywood costume designer .
Gonzalo López de Haro ( bef . 1788 in Puebla -- 1823 ) was a Spanish explorer , notable for his expeditions in the Pacific Northwest in the late 18th century .
Henry Peach Robinson ( 9 July 1830 , Ludlow , Shropshire -- 21 February 1901 , Royal Tunbridge Wells , Kent ) was an English pictorialist photographer best known for his pioneering combination printing - joining multiple negatives or prints to form a single image ; an early example of photomontage .
Karol Borhy ( 23 June 1912 in Budapest -- 9 January 1997 in Lučenec ) was a Slovak football coach .
Carlos Alberto Zolim Filho , best known as Carlitos ( born in Porto Alegre , Rio Grande do Sul , November 27 , 1921 -- Died in 2001 ) was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
Costume designer Gwen Wakeling ( birth name Gwen Sewell , March 3 , 1901 , Detroit , Michigan -- June 16 , 1982 , Los Angeles , California ) was a personal favourite of Cecil B. DeMille .
Ezzat Ebrahim - Nejad ( also Ezzat Ebrahimnejad ) was an Iranian student , poet and demonstrator who was shot and killed in the attack by security forces on Tehran University dormitory that preceded and provoked the July 1999 student riots in Iran .
Georg Wilhelm Rauchenecker ( born 8 March 1844 in Munich ; died 17 July 1906 in Elberfeld , today part of Wuppertal ) was a German composer , conductor and violinist .
Ilias Miniatis ( Greek : Ηλίας Μηνιάτης ) ( 1669 at Lixouri -- 1714 at Patras ) was a Greek clergyman , writer and preacher .
Philippe Agostini is a French cinematographer , director and screenwriter born 11 August 1910 in Paris ( France ) , died 20 October 2001 .
Thorolf Holmboe was appointed a Knight of the 1st Class of Order of St. Olav in 1900 , He was awarded the Petter Dass - medaljen by Nordlendingenes Forening in Oslo during the association 's 50th anniversary in 1912 .
Charles Rostaing was born on 9 October 1904 at Istres and died on 24 April 1999 at Saint - Mitre - les - Remparts .
Pandolfo III Malatesta ( c. 1369 -- October 3 , 1427 ) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Fano , a member of the famous House of Malatesta .
Alexander Tamanian ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Թամանյան , Russian : Таманян , Александр Оганесович , March 4 , 1878 -- February 20 , 1936 ) was a Russian - born Armenian neoclassical architect , well known for his work in the city of Yerevan .
Wilhelm Wisser ( 27 August 1843 , Klenzau ( Ostholstein district ) -- 13 October 1935 , Oldenburg ) was a German teacher and dialectologist .
Princess Sophia Wilhelmina of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld ( 9 August 1693 in Saalfeld -- 4 December 1727 in Rudolstadt ) , was a Princess of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld by birth , and Princess of Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt by marriage .
Károly Zipernowsky ( 1853 Vienna - 1942 Budapest ) was a Hungarian electrical engineer .
Michele Gordigiani ( Florence , May 29 , 1835 - Florence , October 7 , 1909 ) was an Italian painter , known best for his portraits .
Preston Holder ( September 10 , 1907 , Wabash , Indiana -- June 3 , 1980 , Lincoln , Nebraska ) was an American archaeologist and photographer .
Vizma Belševica ( May 30 , 1931 , Riga -- August 6 , 2005 ) was a Latvian poet , writer and translator .
Miff Mole died in New York City April 29 , 1961 .
Anthonie Palamedes , also Anthonie or Antonie Palamedesz . , ( 1601 in Delft -- ca 27 November 1673 in Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Artus Wolffort was born in Antwerp and moved with his parents to Dordrecht in the year of his birth .
Ferdinand Gregorovius ( 19 January 1821 Neidenburg , Kingdom of Prussia -- 1 May 1891 Munich , Kingdom of Bavaria ) was a German historian who specialized in the medieval history of Rome .
Julius Vorster ( 29 April 1809 , Hamm -- 10 October 1876 , Cologne ) was a German entrepreneur , one of the founders of Chemische Fabrik Kalk .
William Ludwig Detmold ( 27 December 1808 Hanover -- 26 December 1894 New York City ) was a German - American surgeon who introduced orthopedic surgery into the United States .
Jean Fontenay ( Hirel , 23 July 1911 - Saint - Malo , 21 May 1975 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer between 1934 and 1939 , and after World War II in 1947 .
Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba , or simply Gonzalo de Córdoba ( 1 September 1453 -- 2 December 1515 ) , Duke of Terranova and Santangelo , Andria , Montalto and Sessa , was a Spanish general who fought in the Conquest of Granada and the Italian Wars .
Charles De Smedt ( 6 April 1833 , Ghent , Belgium -- 4 March 1911 , Brussels ) was a Belgian Jesuit priest and hagiographer .
Antonio del Castillo y Saavedra was born at Córdoba , Spain .
Mykola Lemyk ( Ukrainian : Микола Лемик ) ( April 4 , 1914 in Soloviy , Galicia -- October 1941 in Myrhorod , Soviet Union , now Ukraine ) was a Ukrainian political activist and leader of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists ( OUN ) .
John Henry Willcox ( 1827 in Savannah , Georgia -- 1875 in Boston , Massachusetts ) was an organist and organ maker educated at Trinity College ( Connecticut ) .
Laudomia Forteguerri ( 1515 - 1555 ? ) was an accomplished Italian poet and a member of one of the most powerful families in the sixteenth - century Republic of Siena .
Toby Robertson ( 29 November 1928 , London - 4 July 2012 , London ) was the artistic director of the Prospect Theatre Company from 1964 to 1978 .
Kitsos Botsaris ( Greek : Κίτσος Μπότσαρης ; born 1741 , Missolonghi ; died 1809 , Arta ) , was a leader of the Souliotes , an autonomous community in Ottoman - ruled Epirus .
Janwillem van den Berg ( 20 November 1920 in Akkrum -- 18 October 1985 in Akkrum ) was a Dutch speech scientist and medical physicist who played a major role in establishing the myoelastic - aerodynamic theory of voice production .
Gabriel Valdés died from bronchitis on September 7 , 2011 , at his home in Santiago , Chile , at the age of 92 .
Clément - Auguste Andrieux ( 7 December 1829 , Paris-- 16 May 1880 , Samois - sur - Seine ) was a French artist and illustrator .
Otto , Duke of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 24 August 1495 -- 11 August 1549 ) was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1520 to 1527 and Baron of Harburg from 1527 to 1549 .
Johann Berenberg ( born 12 March 1718 in Hamburg , died 2 March 1772 in Hamburg ) was a Hamburg merchant banker .
Ernesto Bazzaro ( 1859 in Milan -- 1937 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Johann Hermann Carmiencke or John Hermann Carmiencke ( born at Hamburg in 1810 ; died at Brooklyn , New York on 15 June 1867 ) was a landscape painter and etcher .
Franz Ignaz Beck ( Mannheim , February 20 , 1734 -- Bordeaux , December 31 , 1809 ) was a German violinist , composer , conductor and music teacher who spent the greater part of his life in France , where he became director of the Bordeaux Grand Théâtre .
Pedro de Heredia ( Madrid circa 1505 , -- Zahara de los Atunes , Cádiz January 27 , 1554 ) was a Spanish conqueror , founder of the city of Cartagena de Indias and explorer of the northern coast and the interior of present - day Colombia .
Max Britzelmayr ( January 7 , 1839 -- December 6 , 1909 ) was a German mycologist and lichenologist who was a native of Augsburg .
Abraham Megerle ( 9 February 1607 in Wasserburg am Inn -- 29 May 1680 in Altötting ) was an Austrian composer and organist .
Harriet Morrison Irwin ( 1828 Mecklenburg County , North Carolina -- 1897 Charlotte , North Carolina ) was an American architect .
Elfego Hernán Monzón Aguirre ( 5 May 1912 -- 1981 ) was the leader of the military junta in Guatemala from 29 June 1954 to 8 July 1954 .
Lodovico Guicciardini ( 19 August 1521 -- 22 March 1589 ) was an Italian writer and merchant from Florence who lived primarily in Antwerp .
Alessia di Matteo ( July 4 , 2003 -- January 12 , 2005 ) was an Italian from Genoa .
Reza Abdoh ( February 23 , 1963 , in Tehran , Iran -- May 12 , 1995 in New York City ) was an Iranian - born American director and playwright known for large - scale , experimental theatrical productions , often staged in unusual spaces like warehouses and abandoned buildings .
Jovan Miladinović ( born 30 January 1939 in Belgrade ; died 11 September 1982 in Belgrade ) is a former Serbian footballer .
Ousmane Diop Socé ( October 31 , 1911 , Rufisque , Senegal , French West Africa -- October 27 , 1973 , Dakar , Senegal ) was a writer , politician , and one of the first Senegalese novelists .
Fricis Laumanis ( 13 June 1910 in Liepāja -- 6 December 1981 in New Jersey ) was a Latvian football defender who was the most capped footballer from Liepāja for the Latvia national football team before World War II next to Rūdolfs Kronlaks and Harijs Lazdiņš .
Jane Wolfe died in the Southern California city of Glendale eight days after her 83rd birthday .
Eva J. Engel , later known as Eva Engel - Holland , ( August 18 , 1919 in Dortmund -- August 30 , 2013 in Göttingen ) was a scholar of German studies and an important editor of the collected works of Moses Mendelssohn .
André Lussier , physician , rheumatologist , and Professor Emeritus of the School of Medicine of the Université de Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada .
Georges Sari ( Greek : Ζωρζ Σαρή ) or Zorz Sari ( born Georgia Sarivaxevani ; May 1925 -- 9 June 2012 ) , a Greek author and actress , was born in Athens .
Constance Moore ( January 18 , 1921 , Sioux City , Iowa -- September 16 , 2005 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American singer and actress .
András Pető ( born 11 September 1893 in Szombathely , Hungary ; died 11 September 1967 in Budapest , Hungary ) was a practitioner of physical rehabilitation whose work provided the foundation for conductive education .
Abduhamid Juraev ( 10 October 1932 -- 5 June 2005 ) Isfara , Tajikistan was a Tajik mathematician .
Emil Heitz ( born 19 October 1892 in Strasbourg , then part of the German Empire - died 8 July 1965 in Lugano , Switzerland ) was a German - Swiss botanist and geneticist .
Josiah Zuro ( 27 November 1887 , in Bialystok -- October 18 , 1930 , in La Jolla , California ) was a pianist , conductor and film composer .
Pietro Scoppetta or Scappetta ( Amalfi , Province of Salerno , 1863 - Naples , 1920 ) was an Italian painter , painting in an Impressionist style using both oil and pastels .
Albert Mannheimer ( 9 March 1913 , New York City , New York - 19 March 1972 , Los Angeles County , California ) was an American writer , principally of screenplays , including the Academy Award nominated screenplay for Born Yesterday , which screenplay also received the Writers Guild of America award for Best Written American Comedy Award .
Arthur Sellings was the pseudonym of Arthur Gordon Ley , ( 31 May 1921 , Tunbridge Wells , Kent , England -- 24 September 1968 , Worthing , Sussex , England ) an English scientist , book and art dealer , and science fiction author .
Johann Lucas Kracker , also Jan Lukáš Kracker or János Lukács Kracker ( 3 March 1717 , Vienna - 1 December 1779 , Eger ) was an Austrian - Czech painter of the late Baroque period .
Karel Pařík ( 4 July 1857 -- 16 June 1942 ) was a Czech - born architect who spent most of his life in Sarajevo where he designed over seventy major buildings .
Celia Logan Connelly ( born Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , December 17 , 1837 ; died New York City , New York , June 18 , 1904 ) was an American actress , playwright , and writer , and a member of the Logan family of actors and writers .
Gustav Philipp Zwinger ( 3 January 1779 -- 15 January 1819 ) , painter and etcher , was born at Nuremberg .
Josef Goubeau ( 31 March 1901 in Augsburg , Germany -- 18 October 1990 in Stuttgart ) was a German chemist .
Hiram Raleigh Kennedy ( September 30 , 1852 - October 7 , 1913 ) was an American physician , farmer and miller from Green Hill , Alabama who served as a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives and the Alabama State Senate .
Juan Martin de Porres Velázquez was born in the city of Lima , in the Viceroyalty of Peru , on December 9 , 1579 .
Martin Nürenbach , or Nurembach ( unknown -- 1780 ) , was a German acrobat , actor , dancer , tight - rope - dancer and theatre director , active in Sweden , Norway and Finland .
General Alexej Čepička ( August 18 , 1910 , Kroměříž -- September 30 , 1990 , Dobříš ) was a Czechoslovak communist politician .
In 2006 , Tanja Becker - Bender was appointed Professor of Violin at the University of Music Saar in Saarbrücken , Germany , succeeding Maxim Vengerov .
Born in Corigliano Calabro , son of the journalist and playwright Vincenzo Tieri , Aroldo Tieri moved in Rome at 18 to study law at university , and in the meanwhile approached acting and enrolled the Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico .
Władysław Broniewski ( December 17 , 1897 , Płock -- February 10 , 1962 , Warsaw ) was a Polish poet and soldier .
Joseph - Hugues Fabisch ( born Aix - en - Provence , 1812 ; died Lyon , 1886 ) was a French sculptor .
George Washington Owen ( October 20 , 1796 -- August 18 , 1837 ) was an American politician from Alabama who served as that state 's 3rd District 's Representative , and the 10th Mayor of Mobile .
Lorenzo Leonbruno ( 20 March 1480 -- 1537 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in his native Mantua .
Brunella Gasperini , pen name of Bianca Robecchi ( Milan , 22 December 1918 -- Milan , 7 January 1979 ) was an Italian journalist and novelist .
Ed Elisian ( born Edward Gulbeng Eliseian ; December 9 , 1926 Oakland , California -- August 30 , 1959 Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) was an American racing driver , mainly competing in the National Championship .
Guido Seeber ( 22 June 1879 in Chemnitz -- 2 July 1940 in Berlin ) was a German cinematographer and pioneer of early cinema .
Ettore Tito ( 17 December 1859 -- 26 June 1941 ) was an Italian artist particularly known for his paintings of contemporary life and landscapes in Venice and the surrounding region .
Jean - Sébastien Rouillard ( 1789 , Paris - 1852 ) was a French portrait painter .
Keith Carter ( 1970 - February 3 , 2016 ) , also known as Big Kap and The Wardin , was an American hip - hop DJ who was born in New York City .
Sigismund Ernst Hohenwart ( 1745 - -1825 ) was the third bishop of Linz from 1809 to 1825 .
Jerzy Matałowski died on 1 December 2013 , aged 65 , in Warsaw .
Eduard Peithner von Lichtenfels ( 18 November 1833 , Vienna -- 22 January 1913 , Berlin ) was an Austrian landscape painter .
Johann Leonhard Rost ( 14 August 1688 -- 22 March 1727 ) was a German astronomer and author from Nuremberg .
Enrico Cannio ( Naples , 1874 - Naples , 1949 ) was an Italian musician and composer .
Yakup Şevki Subaşı , also known as Yakub Shevki Pasha ( 1876 ; Harput - December 20 , 1939 ; Istanbul ) was a general of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army .
Harry Ensign ( 1883 in Waterbury , Connecticut -- 1943 in Hollywood ) was an early American cinematographer of the silent period .
Johann Knief ( 20 April 1880 -- 6 April 1919 ) was a German teacher , editor , and politician from Bremen .
Teofil Ociepka ( born April 22 , 1891 in Janów Śląski , died January 15 , 1978 in Bydgoszcz ) was a Polish self - taught primitivist painter , occultist , and theosophist .
John Lyman Chatfield died from gangrene developing in his wounds on August 9 , 1863 at Waterbury , Connecticut .
Theodor Rudolph Joseph Nitschke ( 26 July 1834 , Breslau -- 12 December 1883 , Münster ) was a German botanist and mycologist .
Gottfried Joseph Gabriel Findel ( born 21 October 1828 in Kupferberg , died 23 November 1905 in Leipzig ) was a Masonic writer and publisher .
John Russ ( October 29 , 1767 , Ipswich , Massachusetts -- June 22 , 1833 , Hartford , Connecticut ) was a United States Representative from Connecticut .
The Aldo Leopold Foundation of Baraboo , Wisconsin was founded in 1982 by Aldo and Estella Leopold 's five children as a 501(c)3 not - for - profit conservation organization whose mission is `` to foster the land ethic through the legacy of Aldo Leopold . ''
The statue is made of Carrara marble and is located near the Town Hall in Monongah . West Virginia dedicated the bridge that traverses the West Fork River in Marion County in his honor , and named it `` Father Everett Francis Briggs Bridge . ''
Arnould Bonneville de Marsangy , born in Mons in 1802 and died in 1894 to Paris was a French magistrate .
Hanya Holm ( born March 3 , 1893 , Worms , Germany -- died November 3 , 1992 , New York City ) is known as one of the `` Big Four '' founders of American modern dance .
Otto Stenroth ( 13 May 1861 in Saarijärvi - 16 December 1939 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish lawyer , politician and banker .
Günther Victor , Prince of Schwarzburg ( 21 August 1852 -- 16 April 1925 ) was the final sovereign prince of Schwarzburg - Rudolstadt and Schwarzburg - Sondershausen , and also the last German royal to abdicate in the wake of the November Revolution of 1918 .
Karl August Baumeister ( 24 April 1830 , in Hamburg -- 22 May 1922 , in Munich ) was a German educator and classical philologist .
Ignacy Aleksander Gierymski ( 30 January 1850 , Warsaw -- d. 6 - -8 March 1901 , Rome ) was a Polish painter of the late 19th century .
Gaucelm and Sanila were killed in the battle of Chalon - sur - Saône the next year , while fighting for Louis the Pious against his son Lothair .
Franz Delitzsch ( Leipzig , February 23 , 1813 -- Leipzig , March 4 , 1890 ) was a German Lutheran theologian and Hebraist .
Anton Sturm ( 30 May 1690 , Faggen - 25 October 1757 , Füssen ) was a Tyrolean sculptor who worked in the Baroque and Rococo styles .
Paul François Grossetti ( Paris , 10 September 1861 -- Paris , 7 January 1918 ) was a French Army general during World War I.
Pavlos Sidiropoulos was born on 27 July 1948 in Athens in a wealthy family .
Johann Friedrich August Breithaupt ( May 16 , 1791 -- September 22 , 1873 ) was a German mineralogist and professor at Freiberg Mining Academy in Freiberg , Saxony .
Friedrich Wilhelm Grund ( 7 October 1791 , Hamburg , Germany -- 24 November 1874 , Hamburg , Germany ) was a German composer , conductor and teacher .
Rafael Zaldívar ( San Alejo , 1834 -- Paris , 2 March 1903 ) was President of El Salvador from 1 May 1876 until 21 June 1885 .
Giovanni Francesco Fortunio ( Zara or Pordenone , ca . 1470 -- Fano , 1517 ) was an Italian grammarian , jurist and humanist .
Aniceta Frisetti ( Turin , 1846 -- Turin , 28 October 1920 ) was an Italian philanthropist .
Thomas of Monmouth ( fl . 1149 - 1172 ) was a monk who lived in a Benedictine monastery in Norwich , in Norfolk , England during the 12th century .
Henry V , Duke of Mecklenburg , nicknamed the Peaceful , ( 3 May 1479 -- 6 February 1552 ) was the reigning Duke of Mecklenburg in the region Mecklenburg - Schwerin , the son of Duke Magnus II and Sophie of Pomerania - Stettin .
Saint William of Æbelholt ( also known as William of the Paraclete , William of Eskilsø and William of Paris ) ( c. 1125 -- Easter Sunday , 1203 ) was a French - born churchman of Denmark .
Andrés Barbero ( 1877 in Asunción -- 1951 in Buenos Aires ) was a Paraguayan scientist and botanist .
Wilhelm Spiegelberg ( 25 June 1870 , Hannover -- 23 December 1930 , Munich ) was a German Egyptologist .
Jacques Sevin ( 7 December 1882 in Lille -- 19 July 1951 in Boran - sur - Oise ) was a French Jesuit known for his role in the introduction of Scouting to France .
Alek Rapoport ( November 24 , 1933 , Kharkiv , Ukraine SSR -- February 4 , 1997 , San Francisco , California ) was a Russian Nonconformist artist , art theorist and teacher .
Calero was born in Managua to Adolfo Calero Orozco ( 1899 - -1980 ) and María Portocarrero ( 1911 - -1944 ) who got married in 1927 ; he was the oldest of four children .
Alfred Cobban ( 24 May 1901 , London -- 1 April 1968 , London ) was an English historian and professor of French history at University College , London , who along with prominent French historian François Furet advocated a Revisionist view of the French Revolution .
Ueda Akinari or Ueda Shūsei ( 上田 秋成 , July 25 , 1734 in Osaka -- August 8 , 1809 in Kyoto ) was a Japanese author , scholar and waka poet , and a prominent literary figure in 18th century Japan .
Louis Puissant ( 22 September 1769 , in Le Châtelet - en - Brie -- 10 January 1843 , in Paris ) was a French topographical engineer , geodesist , and mathematician .
Moni Singh ( Bengali : মনি সিংহ ; 28 July 1901 , Durgapur Upazila , Netrokona -- 31 December 1990 , Dhaka ) was a preeminent Bengali Communist politician popularly known as Comrade Moni Singh .
Lorenzo Arrazola y García ( Checa , Guadalajara , Spain , 10 August 1797 -- Madrid , Spain , 23 February 1873 ) was a Spanish lawyer , politician and statesman who served as Prime Minister of Spain and as Minister of State in 1864 .
Paul Robert Bing ( 5 May 1878 , Strasbourg -- 15 March 1956 , Basel ) was a Swiss neurologist remembered for Bing 's sign .
Berthe de Courrière ( June 1852 , Lille -- 14 June 1916 , Paris ) was a French artists ' model and demimondaine .
Jean Dauberval , a.k.a . Jean D’Auberval , ( born Jean Bercher in Montpellier , 19 August 1742 -- Tours , 14 February 1806 ) , was a French dancer and ballet master .
Ransom Knowling ( 24 June 1912 -- 22 October 1967 ) was an American rhythm and blues musician , best known for playing bass on many blues recordings made in Chicago between the 1930s and 1950s , including those of Arthur Crudup and Little Brother Montgomery .
Plato ( /ˈpleɪtoʊ/ ; Greek : Πλάτων Plátōn pronounced ( plá.tɔːn ) in Classical Attic ; 428/427 or 424/423 -- 348/347 BC ) was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens , the first institution of higher learning in the Western world .
Gian Francesco d'Agrate ( 1489- after 1563 ) was an Italian sculptor and architect , active principally in Parma .
John Butler Smith ( April 12 , 1838 -- August 10 , 1914 ) was an American manufacturer and Republican politician from Hillsborough , New Hampshire who served as Governor for two years and owned Contoocook Mills Company .
Antonio Aldini ( 27 November 1755 , Bologna - 30 September 1826 , Pavia ) was an Italian lawyer and politician , active in the Cisalpine Republic , the Italian Republic and the Kingdom of Italy .
Anders Johan Malmgren ( born November 21 , 1834 in Kajaani , died April 14 , 1897 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish zoologist and government official .
Murad Ozdoev ( Russian : Мурад Ахмедович Оздоев ; 10 March 1922 , Nazran , Chechen -- Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic -- 25 February 1999 , Ingushetia ) was a World War II Ingush ace .
Paul Leppin ( November 27 , 1878 - April 10 , 1945 ) was a 20th - century Bohemian writer of German language , who was born and lived in Prague .
Paul Monash died of pancreatic cancer January 14 , 2003 , in Los Angeles .
Works attributed to Santi Buglioni include the Deposition in the St. Francis Museum of Greve in Chianti , the cyborium in the church of San Silvestro at Convertoie , the pavement of the Biblioteca Laurenziana and of Palazzo Vecchio of Florence .
Gerrit Adriaenszoon Berckheyde ( 1638 -- 10 June 1698 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter , active in Haarlem , Amsterdam , and The Hague , who is best known today for his cityscapes .
Hilary Minc ( 24 August 1905 , in Kazimierz Dolny -- 26 November 1974 , in Warsaw ) was a communist politician in Stalinist Poland and a pro - Soviet Marxist economist .
Anders Donner ( November 5 , 1854 - -April 15 , 1938 ) was a professor of astronomy at the University of Helsinki observatory between 1883 and 1915 .
Edgard Colle ( 18 May 1897 , in Ghent , Belgium -- 20 April 1932 ) was a Belgian chess master .
William Benning Webb ( 1825 -- March 15 , 1896 ) was an American politician and attorney who was the Police Superintendent of Washington , D.C. , and president of the board of commissioners for the District of Columbia , U.S. , from 1886 to 1889 .
Gertrude Noone died at the Carriage Green assisted living facility in Milford , Connecticut , on September 10 , 2009 , at the age of 110 .
Jeptha Barnard Bright , Jr ( July 8 , 1927 -- July 23 , 1997 ) , better known as Barney Bright , born in Shelby County , Kentucky and was a sculptor from Louisville , Kentucky is best known for his work on the Louisville Clock .
Jan Opletal ( January 1 , 1915 -- November 11 , 1939 ) was a student of the Medical Faculty of the Charles University in Prague , who was killed in an anti - Nazi demonstration during the German occupation of Czechoslovakia .
Overton Amos Lemons ( July 5 , 1913 -- October 7 , 1966 ) , known as Smiley Lewis , was an American New Orleans rhythm and blues musician .
Khady Sylla ( Dakar , March 27 , 1963 -- Dakar , October 8 , 2013 ) was a Senegalese writer of two novels , short work , and film .
Marie Rudisill died in Hudson , Florida , on November 3 , 2006 , at the age of 95 , just before the publication date of her latest book , Ask the Fruitcake Lady :
Ali Neffati ( 22 January 1895 in Tunis -- 19 April 1974 in Paris ) was a Tunisian cyclist who was professional between 1913 and 1930 .
Antonio María Esquivel y Suárez de Urbina ( 8 March 1806 , Seville - 9 April 1857 , Madrid ) was a Spanish painter in the Romantic style who specialized in portraits .
Clarence Hobart died on August 2 , 1930 as a result of an accident at a swimming pool in Asheville , NC .
Pierre François Verhulst ( 28 October 1804 , Brussels -- 15 February 1849 , Brussels ) was a mathematician and a doctor in number theory from the University of Ghent in 1825 .
Czesław Białobrzeski ( 31 August 1878 in Poshekhonye near Yaroslavl , Russia -- 12 October 1953 in Warsaw ) was a Polish physicist .
Pio Laghi ( Forlì , 21 May 1922 -- Rome , 11 January 2009 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Suzanne Renaud ( born 1889 in Lyon , France ; died 1964 , in Havlíčkův Brod ) was a French poet and translator .
Solomon Isaakovich Pekar ( March 16 , 1917 - July 8 , 1985 ) , a Soviet theoretical physicist of Jewish origin , born in Kiev ( Ukraine ) .
Georg Jellinek ( 16 June 1851 in Leipzig -- 12 January 1911 in Heidelberg ) was a German public lawyer , considered of Austrian origin .
On December 11 , 2009 , in Ahuatepec , Morelos , a town bordering Cuernavaca , Arturo Beltrán Leyva held a Christmas party at a house located in one of the most luxurious gated communities in Cuernavaca .
Marsi Paribatra died at her home in Annot , southern France , after an illness on 9 July 2013 aged 81 .
Woutherus Mol ( 21 March 1785 , Haarlem -- 30 August 1857 , Haarlem ) , was a 19th - century painter and drawer from the Netherlands .
Domenico Viviani ( 29 July 1772 , Levanto , Liguria - 15 February 1840 , Genoa ) was an Italian botanist and naturalist .
Imre Németh ( September 23 , 1917 in Kassa , Hungary ( now Košice , Slovakia ) -- August 18 , 1989 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian hammer thrower ..
Josef Lenzel ( 21 April 1890 -- 3 July 1942 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest active in resistance movement against the National Socialism , who died in the Dachau concentration camp where he had been sent as a result of his work with Polish forced labourers .
Kostas Paskalis ( 1 September 1929 , Levadeia - 9 February 2007 , Athens ) was a Greek opera singer , one of the leading baritones of the 1960s and 1970s in Europe , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Ibn - e - Insha spent the remainder of his life in Karachi before he died of Hodgkin 's Lymphoma in 1978 , on 11 January , whilst in London .
Washington César Santos ( born in Valença , Bahia State , January 3 , 1960 - died in Curitiba , May 25 , 2014 ) was a Brazilian footballer who played as a striker .
Hippolyte Auguste Marinoni ( 1823 , Paris - 7 January 1904 , Paris ) was a builder of rotary printing presses ; most of which used the rotogravure process .
André Chastel ( 15 November 1912 , Paris -- 18 July 1990 , Neuilly - sur - Seine ) was a French art historian , author of an important work on the Italian Renaissance .
Pierre Van Dormael ( 24 May 1952 -- 3 September 2008 ) , born in Brussels , Uccle , was a Belgian musician and composer .
Nicholas I , Lord of Mecklenburg ( also known as Niklot I ; before 1164 -- 25 May 1200 , near Waschow , now part of Wittendörp ) , was the ruling Lord of Mecklenburg from 1178 until his death .
James Strom Thurmond was born on December 5 , 1902 , in Edgefield , South Carolina , the son of Eleanor Gertrude ( Strom ) ( 1870 - -1958 ) and John William Thurmond ( 1862 - -1934 ) , a lawyer .
Francesca Arundale ( * 1847 in Brighton , England ; † 23 March 1924 in India ) was an English theosophist and freemason .
António Ginestal Machado ( Almeida , 3 May 1873 -- Santarém , 28 June 1940 ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐ̃ˈtɔniu ʒinɨʃˈtaɫ mɐˈʃadu ) ) was a Portuguese politician .
Miriam Nesbitt ( September 14 , 1873 , Chicago -- August 11 , 1954 , Hollywood ) was a stage and film actress .
Ralph Rumney died of cancer at his home in Manosque , Provence , France , in 2002 , aged 67 .
Lionello Venturi ( 25 April 1885 , Modena -- 14 August 1961 , Rome ) was an Italian historian and critic of art . He produced the first catalogue raisonné of Paul Cézanne .
John Paxton ( May 21 , 1911 , Kansas City , Missouri - January 5 , 1985 , Santa Monica , California ) was an American screenwriter .
Albert Hardenberg or Albert Rizaeus ( ca . 1510 in Hardenberg - 18 May 1574 in Emden ) was a Reformed theologian , who was also active as a reformer in Bremen and Emden .
Werner Blume was killed in action on 3 July 1942 in near Derna , Libya .
Marcel Mihalovici ( Bucharest , 22 October 1898 -- Paris , 12 August 1985 ) was a French composer born in Romania .
Antonio Macías del Real ( Madrid , Spain - Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a Spanish writer and pharmacist that moved to Guatemala where he wrote for most prestigious cultural publications .
Vicente Asensi Albentosa ( 28 January 1919 - 2 September 2000 ) was a football player who spent all his career at Valencia CF where he played 308 games and scored 33 goals .
In 1957 Kurt Edelhagen moved to Westdeutscher Rundfunk ( WDR ) in Cologne where he led the station 's big band until his contract ran out in 1972 .
Kurt Oppenländer was captured by American troops in 1945 and died in custody on 17 March 1947 in Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
Toma T. Socolescu , ( 20 July 1883 in Ploiești -- 16 October 1960 in Bucharest , Romania ) was an important Romanian architect .
Pierre Eugene du Simitiere ( born Pierre - Eugène Ducimetière , French : ( pjɛʁ øʒɛn dysimtjɛʁ ) ; 18 September 1737 , Geneva -- October 1784 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was a Swiss American member of the American Philosophical Society , naturalist , American patriot , and portrait painter .
Marcel Bucard ( December 7 , 1895 , Saint - Clair - sur - Epte -- March 13 , 1946 , Fort of Châtillon ) was a French Fascist politician .
Constantine Sathas ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Σάθας , Athens , 1842 -- Paris , 1914 ) was a Greek historian and researcher .
Ali al - Haidari ( died January 4 , 2005 ; Arabic : علي الحيدري , Alī al - Ḥaidarī‎ ) was the governor of the Baghdad Governorate in Iraq .
William Duesbury ( 1725 - -1786 ) was an important enameller and British entrepreneur , founder of the Royal Crown Derby and owner of porcelain factories at Bow , Chelsea , Derby and Longton Hall .
Ernest Gordon ( 31 May 1916 -- 16 January 2002 ) was the former Presbyterian dean of the chapel at Princeton University .
Oskar Heil ( 20 March 1908 , in Langwieden -- 15 May 1994 , San Mateo , California ) was a German electrical engineer and inventor .
Bolesław Szabelski ( 3 December 1896 in Radoryż - 27 August 1979 Katowice ) was a Polish composer of modern classical music .
Mauro Cristofani ( born , Rome , Italy , 1941 - -1997 ) was a linguist and researcher in Etruscan studies .
Gabriele Valvassori ( 21 August 1683 -- 7 April 1761 ) was an Italian architect of the late - Baroque period , mainly active in his native city of Rome .
William Pinchbeck ( 1831 -- July 1893 ) was one of the original settlers in the Cariboo region of British Columbia , Canada .
Olive Tell ( September 27 , 1894 -- June 6 , 1951 ) was a stage and screen actress from New York City .
Johann Grueber ( 28 October 1623 , Linz - 30 September 1680 , Sárospatak , Hungary ) was an Austrian Jesuit missionary and astronomer in China , and noted explorer .
Simone Plé - Caussade ( 14 August 1897 , Paris -- 6 August 1986 , Bagnères - de - Bigorre ) was a French music pedagogue , composer and pianist .
Anton Moortgat ( 21 September 1897 in Antwerp -- 9 October 1977 in Damme Belgium ) was a Belgian archaeologist .
Léon Pervinquière ( 14 August 1873 in La Roche - sur - Yon -- 11 May 1913 ) was a French geologist and paleontologist .
Selvarajan Yesudian or Selva Raja Yesudian ( February 25 , 1916 , in Madras -- October 26 , 1998 , in Zürich ) was a yoga teacher and author .
Hieronymus Froben ( 1501 - -1563 ) was a famous pioneering printer in Basel and the eldest son of Johann Froben .
Aleran was the Count of Barcelona from 848 to 852 .
Cornelis Schut ( 13 May 1597 in Antwerp -- 29 April 1655 in Antwerp ) was a Flemish painter , draughtsman , engraver and tapestry designer who specialized in religious and mythological scenes .
Ricky Hui Koon - ying ( August 3 , 1946 -- November 8 , 2011 ) ( Chinese : 許冠英 ) was a Hong Kong film star .
Charles Russell Orcutt or C.R. Orcutt ( born 27 April 1864 in Hartland , Vermont ; died in Haiti 25 August 1929 ) was a noted naturalist sometimes called `` cactus man '' because on many expeditions he found new species of cacti .
Carl Melles ( 15 July 1926 in Budapest -- 25 April 2004 in Vienna ) was an Austrian orchestral conductor of Hungarian descent .
László Halmos ( Nagyvárad , 10 November 1909 -- 26 January 1997 in Győr ) was a Hungarian church composer .
Pierre Vladimiroff , or Pyotr Nikolayevich Vladimirov ( Russian : Пётр Николаевич Владимиров ; born February 13 , 1893 in Gatchina , Saint Petersburg Governorate , Russian Empire -- died November 25 , 1970 in New York , United States ) , was a Russian dancer and teacher .
Baron Raimund von Stillfried , also known as Baron Raimund von Stillfried - Rathenitz ( 6 August 1839 , in Komotau -- 12 August 1911 , in Vienna ) , was an Austrian photographer .
Giuseppe Bernardi ( Pagnano , 24 March 1694 -- Venice , 22 February 1773 ) , also called Torretto , was a prominent mid-18th - century Italian sculptor .
Oreste Cioni ( born 13 February 1913 in Telgate , died 1968 in Terni ) was an Italian footballer .
Tadeusz Banachiewicz ( 13 February 1882 , Warsaw , Congress Poland , Russian Empire -- 17 November 1954 , Kraków ) was a Polish astronomer , mathematician and geodesist .
Clément Georges Lemoine ( 16 January 1841 in Tonnerre -- 13 November 1922 in Paris ) was a French chemist and hydrologist .
Peter McGill ( August 1789 -- September 28 , 1860 ) was a Scots - Quebecer businessman who served as the second mayor of Montreal , Canada East from 1840 to 1842 .
Gayane Khachaturian was born into an Armenian family in Tbilisi , capital of Georgia , and studied art at the Nikoladze Art School .
Karl Gottlieb Bretschneider ( February 11 , 1776 Gersdorf , Saxony - January 22 , 1848 Gotha , Thuringia ) was a German Protestant scholar and theologian from Gersdorf , Saxony .
Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths ( also spelled Greiffenklau and Vollrads ) ( 1652 - -1719 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Würzburg from 1699 to 1719 .
Fermín Salvochea y Álvarez ( 1 March 1842 , in Cádiz -- 27 September 1907 , in Cádiz ) was a mayor of the city of Cádiz and a president of the province of Cádiz .
Zalmen Zylbercweig ( Yiddish : זלמן זילבערצווייג ; Ozorkow , 1894-Los Angeles 1972 ) was a historian of Yiddish theater .
Jānis Kalniņš ( 3 November 1904 in Pärnu -- 30 November 2000 in Fredericton ) was a Latvian Canadian composer and conductor .
Ludwig Rosenthal ( 2 July 1840 , Fellheim , Bavaria - 23 December 1928 , Munich ) was a German antiquarian bookseller .
Henri Spondanus ( de Sponde ) ( born at Mauléon , in the French Department of Pyrénées - Atlantiques , January 6 , 1568 ; died at Toulouse , May 18 , 1643 ) was a French Catholic jurist , historian and continuator of the Annales Ecclesiastici compiled by Cardinal Baronius , and Bishop of Pamiers .
Wilhelm Groth ( 9 January 1904 in Hamburg -- 20 February 1977 in Bonn ) was a German physical chemist .
Syed Ahmed Quadri ( Urdu : سيد احمد قادري ) was an administrator , educationist , and senior officer in the government of the Nizam of Hyderabad and later on in the government of India and the UNO .
Saint Paris or Paris of Teano ( Italian : San Paride di Teano ) ( d. 346 ) was ordained Bishop of Teano by Pope Sylvester I. His feast day is August 5 .
Giovanni Gonzaga ( 1474 -- 23 September 1525 ) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Gonzaga , born at Mantua .
Lambros Koromilas ( Greek : Λάμπρος Κορομηλάς : 1856 in Athens -- 1923 in New York City ) was a Greek economist and diplomat , and one of the leading figures in the Macedonian Struggle during his tenure as Greek Consul - General to Thessaloniki in 1904 - -1907 .
Allegretto Nuzi or Allegretto di Nuzio ( 1315 - -1373 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Gothic style mainly around Fabriano , in the Province of Ancona .
Vasco Cabral ( Farim , 1926-Bissau , 2005 ) was a Guinea - Bissauan writer and politician .
Jacopo Caraglio , Giovanni Jacopo Caraglio or Gian Giacomo Caraglio ( c. 1500/1505 -- 26 August 1565 ) known also as Jacobus Parmensis and Jacobus Veronensis was an Italian engraver , goldsmith and medallist , born at Verona or Parma .
Gottfried Bermann , later Gottfried Bermann Fischer ( 31 July 1897 , Gleiwitz , Silesia -- 17 September 1995 , Camaiore ) , was a German publisher .
Soon André Mollet was in London , whence he received a passport to travel abroad once more in 1653 .
Colonel Charles Stoddart ( 23 July 1806 , Ipswich -- June 1842 , Bukhara ) was a British officer and diplomat .
Conrad von Soest , also Konrad in modern texts , or in Middle High German Conrad van Sost or `` von Soyst '' , ( born around 1370 in Dortmund ; died soon after 1422 ) was the most significant Westphalian artist and painted in the so - called soft style of International Gothic .
Jean Goss ( Caluire in France November 20 , 1912 - Paris April 3 , 1991 ) was a French nonviolent activist .
Jean - Baptiste - Camille Corot ( Camille Corot for short ) was born in Paris on July 16 , 1796 , in a house at 125 Rue du Bac , now demolished .
Achille D'Orsi ( 6 August 1845 -- 8 February 1929 ) was an Italian sculptor from Naples .
Annisteen Allen died in Harlem , New York City at age 71 .
Jonas de Gélieu ( 21 August 1740 , Les Bayards - 17 October 1827 , Colombier ) was a Swiss pastor and beekeeper , notable for his contact with Jean Jacques Rousseau and Isabelle de Charrière .
Alfred Pyka ( 28 June 1934 -- 10 January 2012 ) was a German international footballer who played for Westfalia Herne , TSV 1860 München and Schalke 04 .
Princess Anna of Ysenburg and Büdingen ( 10 February 1886 , Büdingen -- 8 February 1980 , Detmold ) was the youngest child of Bruno , 3rd Prince of Ysenburg and Büdingen and his wife Countess Bertha of Castell - Rüdenhausen .
Alberto dos Santos Franco the Admiral Franco ( Rio de Janeiro , December 5 , 1913 - São Paulo , May 4 , 2011 ) was an officer of the Navy of Brazil .
Zbigniew Nienacki ( January 1 , 1929 in Łódź -- September 23 , 1994 in Morąg ) was a pen name of Polish writer , Zbigniew Tomasz Nowicki .
He was a son of Sir Robert Wotton of Boughton Malherbe , Kent , and a descendant of Nicholas Wotton , lord mayor of London in 1415 and 1430 , and member of parliament for the city from 1406 to 1429 .
Harry Haynes ( 21 April 1873 -- 29 May 1902 ) was an English footballer who played as a full back for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Small Heath and Southampton in the 1890s .
Paul McGonagle ( January 21 , 1939 -- November 1974 ) was an Irish - American mobster and leader of the Mullen Gang , a South Boston street crew involved in burglary and armed robbery .
Death found Francisco Antonio Zea at the age of 56 on 28 November 1822 , at the Royal York House Hotel , in Bath , Somerset , England , where he had gone to take refuge in the famous hot springs .
Wilhelm Theophor Dittenberger ( 30 April 1807 , Teningen -- 11 May 1871 , Weimar ) was a German Protestant theologian .
Major Thomas Weir ( 1599 in Carluke , South Lanarkshire -- 1670 in Edinburgh ) was a Scottish soldier and presumed occultist , executed for witchcraft .
Pedro Bermúdez ( 1558 - -1605 ) was a Spanish composer and chapel master , who has been recognised as one of the most outstanding polyphonists in the New World , and who was active in Granada , Antequera , Cusco , Santiago de Guatemala ( present - day Antigua Guatemala ) , and Puebla .
Robert Michels ( German : ( ˈmɪçəls ) ; 9 January 1876 in Cologne , Germany -- 3 May 1936 in Rome , Italy ) was a German sociologist who wrote on the political behavior of intellectual elites and contributed to elite theory .
Abram Lufer ( born in Kiev , 25 August 1905 - died in Kiev , 13 July 1948 ) was an Ukrainian pianist .
Thomas Linacre ( or Lynaker ) ( c. 1460 -- 20 October 1524 ) was a humanist scholar and physician , after whom Linacre College , Oxford and Linacre House The King 's School , Canterbury are named .
Camille Le Tallec was born in Paris from Breton of Lorient and Picard ancestry .
Johann Gottfried Steffan ( December 13 , 1815 in Wädenswil / Switzerland -- June 16 , 1905 in Munich / Germany ) was one of the most important Swiss landscapists of the 19th century .
Otto Klineberg ( November 1899 , Quebec City , Quebec , Canada - 6 March 1992 , Bethesda , Maryland ) was a Canadian psychologist .
Mahammad Hadi or Agha - Mahammad Haji - Abdulsalim oglu Abdulsalimzade ( Azerbaijani : Məhəmməd Əbdülsəlimzadə Hadi Şirvani ; 1879 , Shamakhi - 1920 , Ganja ) was an Azerbaijani romanticist poet .
Mark Borisovich Mitin ( Russian Марк Борисович Митин ) ( June 22 jul . / 5 July 1901 - 15 January 1987 ) was a Soviet Marxist - Leninist philosopher and university lecturer , Professor of Philosophy Faculty of Moscow State University ( 1964 - 1968 , 1978 - 1985 ) .
Heikki Heikinpoika Vaanila ( 1630 - -1709 ) ( Swedish : Hindrick Hindersson ) was a Finnish farmer and parliamentarian from Vaanila village in Lohja , Uusimaa .
Hans Neurath ( 1909 - -2002 ) was a biochemist , a leader in protein chemistry and the founding chairman of the Department of Biochemistry at the University of Washington in Seattle .
Count Alfred Józef Potocki ( 29 July 1817 or 1822 , Łańcut - 18 May 1889 , Paris ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) , landowner , and a liberal - conservative monarchist Austrian politician and Prime Minister .
Daniel Pinckney Parker ( 1781 - 1850 ) was a prominent merchant , shipbuilder , and businessman in 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts .
Chiara Badano was born on October 29 , 1971 to Ruggero and Maria Teresa Badano in the small village of Sassello , Italy .
Vittorio Giannini ( October 19 , 1903 , Philadelphia -- November 28 , 1966 , New York City ) was a neoromantic American composer of operas , songs , symphonies , and band works .
Herivelto de Oliveira Martins ( also Herivelto Martins ) ( Engenheiro Paulo de Frontin , Brazil , January 30 , 1912 - Rio de Janeiro , September 16 , 1992 ) was a Brazilian composer , singer , and music player .
Francisque Poulbot ( 6 February 1879 , Saint - Denis -- 16 September 1946 , Paris ) was a French affichiste ( literally , `` poster designer '' ) , draughtsman and illustrator .
Henriette - Hélène de Beauvoir ( 6 June 1910 , Paris -- 1 July 2001 , Goxwiller ) was a French painter .
Peter Mazur ( b. Vienna , Austria , December 11 , 1922 - d. Lausanne , Switzerland , August 15 , 2001 ) was an Austrian - born , Dutch physicist and one of the founders of the field of non - equilibrium thermodynamics .
On 11 December 2009 Francisco Piquer Chanza died in Madrid , Spain after a long illness .
Angelos Akotantos ( Greek : Άγγελος Ακοτάντος ) was a 15th - century Icon - painter and hagiographer who lived and worked at Heraklion , Crete , then part of the Republic of Venice .
Sérgio Buarque de Holanda ( São Paulo , July 11 , 1902 -- São Paulo , April 24 , 1982 ) was an important Brazilian writer , journalist , historian and member of the Academia Paulista de Letras .
Heinrich Lefler ( 7 November 1863 , Vienna - 17 March 1919 , Vienna ) was an Austrian painter , graphic artist and stage designer .
Father Doctor Giuseppe Ambrosoli died on Friday 27 March 1987 at the Comboni Mission in Lira , Uganda , as his successor at Kalongo , Dr. Fr . Egidio Tocalli , was en route to evacuate him by helicopter .
The son of Josep Tàpies i Mestre and Maria Puig i Guerra , Antoni Tàpies Puig was born in Barcelona on 13 December 1923 .
David Moore Robinson ( September 21 , 1880 , in Auburn , New York -- January 2 , 1958 , in Oxford , Mississippi ) was an American Classical archaeologist credited with the discovery of the ancient city of Olynthus .
Donato di Niccolò di Betto Bardi ( c. 1386 -- December 13 , 1466 ) , better known as Donatello ( Italian : ( donaˈtɛllo ) ) , was an early Renaissance sculptor from Florence .
Celadon Leeds Daboll ( July 18 , 1818 , Groton , Connecticut - October 13 , 1866 , New London , Connecticut ) , was a merchant in New London , Connecticut .
David Dortort died in his sleep at his home in Los Angeles , California , on September 5 , 2010 , a month and a half before his 94th birthday , following a history of heart disease .
Renate Riemeck ( 4 October 1920 in Breslau -- 12 May 2003 in Alsbach - Hähnlein ) was an historian and energetic Christian peace activist who became known as former foster parent of the terrorist Ulrike Meinhof .
Dr. John Anderson Strong CBE FRSE FRCP FRCPE ( 18 February 1915 -- 15 December 2012 ) was a Scottish physician / internist and academic , who served as Professor of Medicine at the University of Edinburgh and the President of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh .
Krzysztof Lubieniecki or Christoffel Lubienietzky ( 1659 - -1729 ) was a Polish Baroque painter and engraver active in Amsterdam during the Dutch Golden Age .
Robert von Lieben ( September 5 , 1878 in Vienna -- February 20 , 1913 in Vienna ) was a notable Austrian physicist .
Ludger Alscher ( * 11 April 1916 in Münster ; † 9 November 1985 in Berlin - Köpenick ) was a German classical archaeologist , who could be considered the most significant scholar of his subject area in the DDR .
Agnese del Maino ( c. 1401 -- 13 December 1465 ) was a Milanese noblewoman and the mistress of Filippo Maria Visconti , the last legitimate Duke of Milan of the Visconti dynasty .
Marcel Lang was born in Basel into a family in which the East European Jewish tradition of chazanut ( cantorial art ) was cultivated .
Isaac Ouwater ( 1748 , Amsterdam -- 1793 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Louis I , Prince of Monaco ( 25 July 1642 in Prince 's Palace of Monaco -- 3 January 1701 in Rome ) was Prince of Monaco from 1662 until 1701 .
Kilian Caspar Flasch ( July 16 , 1831 - -August 3 , 1891 ) was a German - born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of the Diocese of La Crosse , Wisconsin from 1881 until his death in 1891 .
Charles Albert Buswell ( October 15 , 1913 -- June 14 , 2008 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Pueblo from 1959 to 1979 .
Hermann von Ramberg ( 24 November 1820 , Vienna - 26 December 1899 , Graz ) was an Austrian statesman who served as acting Ban of Croatia - Slavonia in 1883 .
Hugh Aycelin ( 1230 , Billom -- 28 December 1297 , Rome ) was a French Cardinal .
Tamás Cseh ( 22 January , 1943 in Budapest -- 7 August , 2009 in Budapest ) Hungarian composer , singer and actor .
Eugène Lanti was a pseudonym of Eugène Adam ( 19 July 1879 in Normandy , France -- 17 January 1947 in Mexico ) .
Benny Lynch ( 2 April 1913 -- 6 August 1946 in Gorbals , Glasgow , Scotland ) was a Scottish professional boxer who fought in the flyweight division .
Rudolf Wlassak ( 27 March 1865 , Brno - 10 March 1930 , Vienna ) was an Austrian physiologist and neurologist .
Pope Soter ( Latin : Soterius ; died c. 174 ) was the Bishop of Rome from c. 167 to his death c. 174 .
Slavko Janevski ( January 11 , 1920 , Skopje - January 20 , 2000 ) was a renowned Macedonian poet , prose and script writer .
He was born Robert Franz Julius Knauth in Halle , Germany , the son of Christoph Franz Knauth .
Marie Kettnerová ( born in Prague on 4 April 1911 ; died in London on 28 February 1998 ) was a winner of the World Table Tennis Championships in both women 's single and doubles .
Karl Aderhold ( 30 June 1884 , Stolberg , Province of Saxony -- 20 June 1921 Hanover ) was a German politician .
Ridolfo Livi ( Prato , 1856 - Florence , 1920 ) was an Italian anthropologist .
Vasil Iljoski ( Macedonian : Васил Иљоски , Kruševo , Ottoman Empire , 20 December 1902 - Skopje , Republic of Macedonia , 1 November 1995 ) was a Macedonian writer , dramatist , professor and an important figure in the Macedonian literature , especially in Macedonian drama between the two World Wars .
James Lin Xili ( October 19 , 1918 -- October 4 , 2009 ) was a Chinese underground Roman Catholic bishop of Wenzhou .
Jack Belden ( February 3 , 1910 in Brooklyn , New York -- June 3 , 1989 in Paris ) was an American war correspondent who covered the Japanese invasion of China , the Second World War and the Chinese Revolution .
Jörg Breu the Elder ( c. 1475 - -1537 ) , of Augsburg , was a painter of the German Danube school .
Édouard Toudouze ( 24 July 1848 , Paris - 14 March 1907 , Paris ) was a French painter , illustrator and decorative artist .
Oscar Blumenthal or Oskar Blumenthal ( 13 March 1852 Berlin - 24 April 1917 , Berlin ) was a German playwright and drama critic .
Félix Gaudin ( 10 February 1851 in Paris--15 September 1930 in Châtenoy - le - Royal ) was a stained glass artist in France .
Isnardo Guarco ( Genoa , 1380 -- Genoa , 1458 ) was an Italian politician , mercenary leader , plutocrat , and served as Doge of Genoa for one week .
Hyacinthe Rigaud ( French pronunciation : ( ʁigo ) ; 18 July 1659 -- 29 December 1743 ) was a French baroque painter of Catalan origin whose career was based in Paris .
Giovan Battista Pigna ( 1530 - 1575 ) was an Italian humanist , poet and historian from Ferrara .
Vladimír Helfert ( March 24 , 1886 in Plánice ( near Klatovy ) -- March 18 , 1945 in Prague ) was an important Czech musicologist in the interwar period .
Louis - Nicolas Bescherelle ( 10 June 1802 , Paris -- 1883 , Paris ) was a French lexicographer and grammarian .
Camillo Wiethe ( 24 May 1889 , Vienna -- 10 July 1949 , Vienna ) was an Austrian otorhinolaryngologist .
Giovanni Bartolena ( Livorno , June 24 , 1886 - Livorno , February 16 , 1942 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes , but also of landscapes with animals .
Devraha Baba ( died 19 May 1990 ) , also spelled Deoraha baba was an Indian Siddha Yogi saint who lived beside the Yamuna river in Mathura .
Adina Mandlová ( 28 January 1910 in Mladá Boleslav -- 16 June 1991 in Příbram , Czechoslovakia ) was a Czech actress , sex - symbol of the 1930s and a European movie star .
Günter Rössler ( January 6 , 1926 in Leipzig -- December 31 , 2012 in Leipzig ) was a German photographer and photo - journalist who got famous for his artistic nude photographs which made him the Helmut Newton of the East The Leipzig Historical Museum dedicated an exhibition to him showing 40 of his fashion photographs .
Placido Mandanici ( 3 July 1799 , Barcellona Pozzo di Gotto -- 6 June 1852 , Genoa ) was an Italian composer .
Walter Ullmann ( November 29 , 1910 in Pulkau -- January 18 , 1983 in Cambridge ) was an Austrian - Jewish scholar , who settled in the United Kingdom after leaving Austria in the late 1930s .
While flying over Ciampino airfield , Guido Nardini bailed out of an airplane in trouble , and was killed by a malfunctioning parachute on 26 January 1928 .
Gerard van Opstal or Gérard van Opstal ( 1594 or 1597 , Brussels -- 1668 , Paris ) , was a Flemish Baroque sculptor mainly active in Paris .
Henry Charlton Bastian ( 26 April 1837 in Truro , Cornwall , England -- 17 November 1915 in Chesham Bois , Buckinghamshire ) was an English physiologist and neurologist .
Fritz Steuri ( born 25 July 1879 in Grindelwald , Switzerland , died 5 September 1950 in Grindelwald , Switzerland ) was a Swiss mountain climber and Nordic and Alpine skier .
Edwin Percy Phillips ( 18 February 1884 in Sea Point , Cape Town -- 12 April 1967 in Cape Town ) , was a South African botanist and taxonomist , noted for his monumental work The Genera of South African Flowering Plants first published in 1926 .
Abraham Léo Errera ( 4 September 1858 in Laeken -- 6 August 1905 in Brussels ) was a Belgian botanist , known for his research in the field of plant physiology .
Otto Kanturek ( 27 July 1897 , Vienna -- 26 June 1941 , Cawston , Norfolk ) was an Austrian cameraman , cinematographer and film director .
Emil Adolf Rossmässler ( Emil Adolf Roßmäßler , Emil Adolph Roßmäßler ) ( * March 3 , 1806 in Leipzig , † April 8 , 1867 ) was a German biologist .
Antoine Gaubil ( b. at Gaillac , Aveyron , 14 July 1689 ; d. at Beijing , 24 July 1759 ) was French Jesuit missionary to China .
Ramón Otero Pedrayo ( alternative spelling Outeiro Pedraio ) ( Ourense , Galicia , 1888 - Ourense , 1976 ) was a Galician geographer , writer and intellectual .
A graduate of the Arts and Graphic Design Faculty of North - Ossetia Teachers Training College and the Faculty of Sculpture of Moscow Surikov Arts Institute , Lazar Gadayev was admitted to the Union of Artists of the USSR in 1966 , right after the graduation , and started exhibiting his works on a large scale .
Asunción Balzola Elorza ( July 18 , 1942 in Bilbao -- June 22 , 2006 in Madrid ) , better known as Asun Balzola , was a Spanish autodidact illustrator , writer and translator .
Hattie Carnegie ( 15 March 1880 -- 22 February 1956 ) was a fashion entrepreneur based in New York City from the 1920s to the 1960s .
Manuel Alonso Martínez ( 1827 , Burgos -- 1891 , Madrid ) was a Spanish jurist and politician , and the principal redactor of the Spanish Civil Code of 1888/89 .
Živko Čingo ( also spelt Zhivko Chingo ) ( 13 August 1935 -- 1987 ) Macedonian writer , born in Velgosti , near Ohrid .
Jacopo Foroni ( Valeggio sul Mincio , Verona 26 July 1825 -- Stockholm , 8 September 1858 ) was an Italian opera composer and conductor who spent most of his working life in Sweden .
Géo Ham , Georges Hamel ( 18 September 1900 , Laval , Mayenne , France - June 1972 , Paris ) was a French painter and illustrator .
Timothy Mather Spelman ( January 21 , 1891 -- August 21 , 1970 ) was an American composer ; born in Brooklyn , New York , he was for many years resident in Italy , dying at his villa just outside Florence .
Juan Antonio de Frías y Escalante ( 1633 in Cordoba--1669 in Madrid ) was a Spanish Baroque Golden Age painter .
Stefano Porcari ( early 15th century - 9 January 1453 ) was an Italian politician and humanist from Rome , known as the leader of a rebellion against Pope Nicholas V and the tyrannic Papal authority .
Caspar Wolf ( Muri , Aargau , 3 May 1735 -- Heidelberg , 6 October 1783 ) was a Swiss painter , known mostly for his dramatic paintings of Alps .
Bronisław Prugar - Ketling ( 2 July 1891 , Trześniów , Subcarpathian Voivodeship -- 18 February 1948 , Warsaw ) was a Polish general .
Leon Klinghoffer ( September 24 , 1916 -- October 8 , 1985 ) was a Jewish - American appliance manufacturer who was murdered and thrown overboard by Palestinian terrorists who hijacked the cruise ship Achille Lauro in 1985 .
Kondrat Krapiva ( Belarusian : Кандрат Крапіва ) ( 5 March 1896 , Nizok , Minsk Governorate - 7 January 1991 ) was a Belarusian writer , playwright , social activist , and literary critic .
Jean René Constant Quoy ( 10 November 1790 , Maillé - 4 July 1869 , Rochefort ) was a French naval surgeon , zoologist and anatomist .
Margaret Potter , née Margaret Newman ( born 21 June 1926 in Harrow , Middlesex , London , England -- d.26 August 1998 in Oxford , England ) was a British writer of over 55 Romance , mystery , children 's novels .
Fritz Hamer ( 22 of November 1912 , Hamburg - 13 of January 2004 , Sarasota , Florida ) was an outstanding German botanist who worked in Central America , specializing in orchids .
Francisco J. Serrano y Alvarez de la Rosa ( March 12 , 1900 in Mexico City -- December 3 , 1982 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican civil engineer and architect .
Hans Kemmer ( sometimes Johann Kemmer , fl . c. 1495 - 1561 ) was a German Northern renaissance painter , active in Lübeck .
Walter Rauschenbusch ( 1861 - -1918 ) was a Christian theologian and Baptist pastor who taught at the Rochester Theological Seminary .
Henri Boutet ( 1851 Sainte - Hermine , Vendée - 9 June 1919 Paris ) , `` le Petit Maître au corset '' , was a French Belle Époque artist whose work focused on the genre `` La Parisienne '' .
Felician Myrbach ( also Felicien de Myrbach , Felician von Myrbach , from 1919 Freiherr von Rheinfeld ; 19 February 1853 , Zalishchyky -- 14 January 1940 , Klagenfurt ) was an Austrian painter , graphic designer and illustrator .
Carmen Laforet ( Barcelona 6 September 1921 -- Madrid , 28 February 2004 ) was a Spanish author who wrote in the period after the Spanish Civil War .
Isaac Satanow ( born at Satanow , Poland ( currently in Ukraine ) , 1733 ; died in Berlin , Germany , 25 December 1805 ) was a Polish Jewish scholar and poet .
Malcolm Geddes ( 1832 - 1916 ) was mayor of the City of Toowoomba , Queensland in 1895 .
Fernando Ruiz de Castro Andrade y Portugal ( 14 December 1548 - 20 September 1601 ) was a Galician ( Spanish ) nobleman who was Viceroy of Naples from 1599 to 1601 .
Julius von Pflug ( 1499 in Eythra -- 3 September 1564 in Zeitz ) was the last Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Naumburg from 1542 until his death .
Justo Figuerola ( June 18 , 1771 in Lambayeque , Peru -- May 23 , 1854 in Lima , Peru ) was President of Peru during two brief periods ; for a few days in 1843 and briefly in 1844 .
Leo Parker ( April 18 , 1925 , Washington , D.C. - February 11 , 1962 , New York City ) was an American jazz baritone saxophonist .
Lucas van Uden ( 18 October 1595 -- 4 November 1672 ) was a leading Flemish landscape painter , draughtsman and engraver active in Antwerp .
Saint Ludger ( also Lüdiger or Liudger ) ( born at Zuilen near Utrecht about 742 ; died 26 March 809 at Billerbeck ) was a missionary among the Frisians and Saxons , founder of Werden Abbey and first Bishop of Münster in Westphalia .
Saint Agathius ( Greek : Ακακιος ; died 303 ) , also known as Achatius or Agathonas or Acacius of Byzantium , according to Christian tradition , was a Cappadocian Greek centurion of the imperial army , martyred around 304 .
Lau Kar - leung ( 28 July 1934 -- 25 June 2013 ) , also known as Liu Chia - liang , was a Hong Kong - based Chinese actor , filmmaker , choreographer and martial artist .
Jon Lucien died in Orlando , Florida , by his soulmate and wife 's side of 20 years , Delesa Lucien , August 18 , 2007 , from respiratory failure and other complications following surgery at the age of 65 .
Christian Afrikaner ( before 1820 , Bethanie , South West Africa -- 15 June 1863 , Otjimbingwe , South West Africa ) was the oldest son of Jonker Afrikaner and Beetje Boois .
Louis Pierre Henriquel - Dupont ( Paris 13 June 1797 -- 20 January 1892 Paris ) was a French engraver .
John Alston Crichton , known as Jack Crichton ( October 16 , 1916 -- December 10 , 2007 ) , was an oil and natural gas industrialist from Dallas , Texas , who was among the first of his ranks to recognize the importance of petroleum reserves in the Middle East .
Shenton Thomas was born on 10 October 1879 , in Southwark , London to The Rev Thomas William Thomas and his wife Charlotte Susanna ( Susie ) née Whitelegge .
Pietro Paltronieri ( 1673 - -1741 ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period , active mainly in Rome , Bologna , and Vienna .
Albert Heilmann ( 6 June 1886 Munich -- 20 December 1949 Berlin - Wilmersdorf ) was an architect and contractor who worked in Munich and Berlin .
Jean Le Fustec ( 10 May 1855 , Rostrenen - 22 March 1910 , Paris ) was a Breton bard , and the first Archdruid of the Goursez Vreizh ( Gorsedd of Brittany ) .
Joan Brickhill died at age 89 in Johannesburg on 15 January 2014 from undisclosed causes .
Guido Gratton ( 23 September 1932 Monfalcone , Italy - 26 November 1996 Bagno a Ripoli , Italy ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player .
Ludvig Collijn ( 20 November 1878 -- 4 October 1939 in Stockholm ) was a chess author and chairman of the Swedish Chess Federation from 1917 to 1939 .
Piotr Stachiewicz ( 29 October 1858 in Nowosiółki Gościnne in Podolia - 14 April 1938 in Kraków ) was a Polish painter and illustrator .
Max Barthel ( born 17 November 1893 in Loschwitz , Dresden -- died 17 June 1975 in Waldbröl ) was a German writer .
Kevin Patrick O'Flanagan ( 10 June 1919 in Dublin , Ireland -- 26 May 2006 in Dublin , Ireland ) , also referred to as Dr. Kevin O'Flanagan , is a former Irish sportsman , physician and sports administrator .
Louis George Gregory ( born June 6 , 1874 in Charleston , South Carolina ; died July 30 , 1951 in Eliot , Maine ) was a prominent member of the Bahá'í Faith posthumously appointed a Hand of the Cause , the highest appointed position in the Bahá'í Faith , by Shoghi Effendi .
Alfred Meissner ( 15 October 1822 , Teplitz -- 29 May 1885 , Bregenz ) was an Austrian poet .
Count Ferenc Széchényi ( 29 April 1754 in Fertőszéplak -- 13 December 1820 in Vienna ) was the founder of the Hungarian National Library and National Museum in Budapest .
Julia Britton Hooks ( May 4 , 1852 -- March 10 , 1942 ) was a musician and educator whose work with youth , the elderly and indigent was highly respected in her family 's home state of Kentucky and in Memphis , Tennessee , where she lived with her second husband , Charles F. Hooks .
Guillaume Tronchet ( 1867 , Villeneuve - sur - Lot , Lot - et - Garonne - 1959 , Nice ) was a French architect .
After Otto Neurath 's death in 1945 , Marie Neurath carried on the work with a small number of English assistants , moving to London in 1948 .
Cosmas Desmond ( 19 November 1935 , London - 31 March 2012 , Durban ) was a Catholic priest , an activist and an author who lived in England and South Africa .
Charly Gaul ( pronounced ( ˈʧaːlɪ ɡaʊ̯l ) ; 8 December 1932 -- 6 December 2005 in Luxembourg City ) was a professional cyclist .
Clyde Summers died at a retirement home in Germantown , Pennsylvania , on October 30 , 2010 , from complications of a stroke .
Karel Blažej Kopřiva ( or Karl Blasius Kopriva ; 9 February 1756 in Cítoliby -- 15 May 1785 in Cítoliby ) was a Czech organist and composer from a family of musicians .
Gustav Heinrich Ernst Friedrich von Ingenohl ( 30 June 1857 Neuwied -- 19 December 1933 Berlin ) was a German admiral from Neuwied best known for his command of the German High Seas Fleet at the beginning of World War I. He was the son of a tradesman .
Alexandre - Antonin Taché , O.M.I. , ( 23 July 1823 -- 22 June 1894 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest , missionary of the Oblate order , author and the first Archbishop of Saint Boniface in the Canadian province of Manitoba .
Bonaventura Berlinghieri ( fl . 1228 - -1274 ) was an Italian painter from Lucca , Italy , of the Gothic period .
Hermann Grapow ( September 1 , 1885 in Rostock -- August 24 , 1967 in Berlin ) was a German Egyptologist .
Magnus Wahlström ( October 28 , 1903 in Surahammar Municipality , Sweden -- January 30 , 1972 in Bridgeport , Connecticut , USA ) , often Wahlstrom in English , was a Swedish American entrepreneur and later a philanthropist .
Ruiz - Tagle was born in Santiago , Chile to father Carlos Ruiz - Tagle Vicuña and mother Elena Gandarillas Rooms .
Albert Darcq ( Lille , 8 September 1848 - 8 March 1895 ) was a French sculptor who was trained by Pierre - Jules Cavelier .
Jerzy Ficowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjɛʐɨ fiˈt͡sɔfskʲi ) ; October 4 , 1924 , Warsaw - May 9 , 2006 , Warsaw ) was a Polish poet , writer and translator ( from Yiddish , Russian , Romani and Hungarian ) .
Alexandre - Étienne Choron ( born Caen , 21 October 1771 ; died Paris , 29 June 1834 ) for a short time directed the Paris Opera .
Max Delbrück died , at age 74 , on the evening of Monday , March 9 , 1981 , at Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena , California .
Jean - Antoine Constantin , ( January 1756 in Marseille - 9 January 1844 in Aix - en - Provence ) , was a French painter .
Kay Williamson ( 1935 -- January 3 , 2005 , Brazil ) , born Ruth Margaret Williamson was a linguist who specialised in the study of African languages , particularly those of the Niger Delta in Nigeria , where she lived for nearly fifty years .
Eugène Arnold Dolmetsch ( 24 February 1858 -- 28 February 1940 ) , was a French - born musician and instrument maker who spent much of his working life in England and established an instrument - making workshop in Haslemere , Surrey .
Jonáš Záborský ( February 3 , 1812 in Záborie , Kingdom of Hungary -- January 23 , 1876 in Župčany ) was a Slovak lower nobleman and writer .
Willibald Hentschel ( born 7 November 1858 in Łódź - died 2 February 1947 in Berg , Upper Bavaria ) was a German agrarian and volkisch writer and political activist .
Count ' Carl Gustaf Bloomfield Eric von Rosen ( born June 2 , 1879 in Stockholm , died April 25 , 1948 Skeppsholmen , Stockholm ) was a Swedish Honorary doctor , patron , explorer , ethnographer and prominent figure in the Swedish upper class nazi - movement during the 30 's
Erhard Schnepf ( 1 November 1495 , Heilbronn -- 1 November 1558 , Jena ; also Erhard Schnepff ) was a German Lutheran Theologian , Pastor , and Reformer .
Baron François du Four ( Turnhout , Belgium , 1871 -- 1945 ) was a Belgian industrialist .
Asher Mizrahi ( 1890 -- 27 October 1967 ) was a Jewish Tunisian tenor singer and musician , originating from Jerusalem , where he was born under Ottoman rule .
Henry Jackson Jr. ( December 12 , 1912 in Columbus , Mississippi -- October 22 , 1988 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American professional boxer and a world boxing champion who fought under the name Henry Armstrong .
Hamza Hakimzade Niyazi ( Uzbek : Hamza Hakimzoda Niyoziy , Ҳамза Ҳакимзода Ниёзий ; Russian : Хамза Хакимзаде Ниязи ) ( March 6 ( O.S. February 22 ) 1889 , Kokand -- March 18 , 1929 , Shohimardon ) was an Uzbek author , composer , playwright , poet , scholar , and political activist .
Omar Benjelloun ( 1936 , Oujda - 18 December 1975 , Casablanca ) was a Moroccan journalist , engineer , lawyer and trade union activist .
Crescentius the Younger ( or Crescentius II ) ( died 998 ) , son of Crescentius the Elder , was a leader of the aristocracy of medieval Rome .
The same year a hospital was founded at Athens and named after her ( currently known as Sismanogleio - Amalia Fleming General Hospital ) .
Lukas Hottinger ( 25 February 1933 , Düsseldorf -- 4 September 2011 , Basel ) was a paleontologist , biologist and geologist .
Howard Bretherton ( 13 February 1890 , Tacoma , Washington-12 April 1969 , San Diego , California ) was an American film director , film editor , and the father of film editor David Bretherton .
Kurt Stern ( 1907 , Berlin -- 1989 ) was a screenwriter who worked for Deutsche Film - Aktiengesellschaft ( DEFA ) in East Germany .
Girolamo Riario ( 1443 -- 14 April 1488 ) was Lord of Imola ( from 1473 ) and Forlì ( from 1480 ) .
Jon Morgan Searle ( 22 June 1930 - 13 March 2012 ) was a Gibraltarian journalist and editor of the Gibraltar Chronicle .
Herbert Haag ( born 11 February 1915 in Singen am Hohentwiel , died 23 August 2001 in Lucerne ) was a Swiss Roman Catholic theologian and biblical scholar of German origin .
Daniel Houghton ( 1740 - -1791 ) was an Irish explorer and one of the earliest Europeans to travel through the interior of West Africa .
Aldo Sambrell was born in Madrid , Spain on 23 February 1931 , and died in Alicante , Spain on 10 July 2010 , at age 79 , the result of three strokes he suffered in early June 2010 .
Kamil Lhoták ( 25 July 1912 Prague -- 22 October 1990 , Prague ) was a Czech painter , graphic artist , and illustrator .
Pompeo Mariani ( Monza , Province of Milan . 1857 -- Bordighera , Province of Imperia , 1927 ) was an Italian painter .
Martti Pennanen ( 8 December 1923 ; Tervola , Finland -- 17 December 2010 ; Tampere , Finland ) was a Finnish film and stage actor .
Emilio Dandolo ( 5 July 1830 , Varese -- 20 February 1859 , Milan ) was an important figure in the Italian Risorgimento , participating in several of its most important battles .
Albert Schreiner ( 7 August 1892 in Aglasterhausen ; -- 4 August 1979 in Berlin ) was a historian of the DDR
Wilhelm Lachnit ( 12 November 1899 , Gittersee , near Dresden -- 14 November 1962 , Dresden ) was a German painter who was primarily active in Dresden .
Antonius von Steichele ( 22 January 1816 -- 9 October 1889 ) was Bishop , and later Archbishop of the Archdiocese of München und Freising from 1878 until 1889 .
Novica Tadić ( Smriječno , Plužine , 17 July 1949 -- Belgrade , 23 January 2011 ) was a Serbian poet .
Heinz Pagels died in 1988 in a mountain climbing accident on Pyramid Peak , a 14,000-foot summit 10 miles to the southwest of the Aspen Center for Physics , where he spent his summers .
Johann Karl Friedrich Zöllner ( 8 November 1834 , Berlin -- 25 April 1882 , Leipzig ) was a German astrophysicist who studied optical illusions .
Isaak Illich Rubin ( Russian : Исаа́к Ильи́ч Ру́бин ; 12 June 1886 , Dinaburg , now Latvia -- 27 November 1937 , Aktobe , now Kazakhstan ) was a Jewish economist and is considered to be the most important theorist of his time on the field of Karl Marx 's theory of value .
Dorothea Maria of Anhalt ( Dessau , 2 July 1574 -- Weimar , 18 July 1617 ) , was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt .
Francisque Millet ( 1642 , in Antwerp -- 1679 , in Paris ) , also known as Jean - François Milée or Millet I , was a Flemish - French landscape painter of the Baroque era .
Nicoloso da Recco was a 14th - century Italian navigator from Genoa , who visited the Canary Islands in 1341 on behalf of Afonso IV of Portugal .
Jean Chastel ( March 31 , 1708 -- 1790 ) was a farmer and inn - keeper from the province of Gévaudan in France , noted for killing the Beast of Gévaudan on June 19 , 1767 at Mont Mouchet .
José Rafael Carrera Turcios ( 24 October 1814 Guatemala City -- 14 April 1865 Guatemala City ) was the president of Guatemala from 1844 to 1848 and from 1851 until his death , after being appointed President for Life in 1854 .
Cesare Brandi ( Siena , 8 April 1906 -- Vignano , 19 January 1988 ) was an art critic and historian , specialist in conservation - restoration theory .
Theodor Barth ( 16 July 1849 , Duderstadt -- 3 June 1909 , Baden - Baden ) was a German liberal politician and publicist .
In 1979 , Charles Draper Faulkner died a resident of Downers Grove , Illinois .
Yervant Harry Babasin , Jr. ( 19 March 1921 Dallas , Texas - 21 May 1988 Los Angeles ) was an American jazz bassist .
Werner Haugk was killed on 18 October 1944 near Aalborg , Denmark , after the BF 109 trainer that he was flying was shot down by British fighters .
Rimma Nikitichna Brailovskaya ( April 14 , 1877 , in Tartu , Russian Empire -- September 28 , 1959 , in Rome , Italy ) was a Russian painter , author of landscapes and genre paintings , worked in watercolor and tempera , and in arts and crafts genre , created embroidery and applique .
Marcel Rouff ( 1877 in Geneva -- 1936 in Paris ) was a novelist , poet , critic , and historian , a friend of Curnonsky and his collaborator on La France gastronomique .
Heinrich Ehrhardt ( 17 November 1840 in Zella St. Blasius -- 20 November 1928 in Zella - Mehlis ) was a German inventor , industrialist and entrepreneur .
In the mid 15th century , Filarete was expelled from Rome after being accused of attempting to steal the head of John the Baptist and he moved to Venice and then eventually to Milan .
Marie Orav ( 23 December 1911 , Pikeliai , Telšiai County , Russian Empire -- 4 January 1994 , Tallinn ) was an Estonian chess player , who twice won the Estonian Women 's Chess Championship - 1952 , 1959 .
Wilhelm Piec ( born Wilhelm Pietz November 2 , 1915 in Schwientochlowitz ( Świętochłowice ) , German Empire , died on April 4 , 1954 , also in Świętochłowice ) - Polish soccer forward player .
Mark Lidzbarski ( born Abraham Mordechai Lidzbarski , Plock , Russian Empire , 7 January 1868 -- Göttingen , 13 November 1928 ) was a German philologist , Semitist and translator of Mandaean texts .
Henryk Łowmiański ( August 22 , 1898 near Ukmergė - September 4 , 1984 in Poznań ) was a Polish historian of the medieval period .
Anton Menger von Wolfensgrün ( September 12 , 1841 , Maniów , Galicia - February 6 , 1906 , Rome ) , was an Austrian juridical expert and social theorist who aside from his collegiate works predominantly dedicated himself to propagating socialist literature on juridical grounds .
Giuseppe Oronzo Giannuzzi ( March 16 , 1838 , Altamura , Italy - March 8 , 1876 , Siena , Italy ) was an Italian physiologist .
Alceo Dossena died a poor man in Rome in 1937 .
Bertrand Vac was the nom de plume of Quebec novelist and surgeon Aimé Pelletier ( b. Aug. 20 , 1914 , Saint - Ambroise - de - Kildare , Quebec ; d. July 23 , 2010 , Montreal ) .
Karl Hopf ( Hamm , Westphalia , February 19 , 1832 -- Wiesbaden , August 23 , 1873 ) or Carl Hermann Friedrich Johann Hopf was historian and expert in Medieval Greece , both Byzantine and Frankish .
He acceded to the throne of the Pakualaman principality Kadipaten Pakualaman on 12 April 1937 with the official name Kanjeng Gusti Pangeran Adipati Arya Paku Alam VIII . The Pakualaman dates from 1812 and is an enclave within the Yogyakarta Sultanate .
Girolamo Scotto ( Hieronymus Scotus ; also Gerolamo ) ( c.1505 -- 3 September 1572 ) was an Italian printer , composer , businessman and bookseller of the Renaissance , active mainly in Venice .
Nicolas Goupillet also Coupillet or Goupillier ( Senlis , ca . 1650 - Paris , ca . 1713 ) was a French Baroque composer - albeit a composer who may not have himself composed all of his works .
Gheorghe Lazăr ( 5 June 1779 -- 17 September 1823 ) , born and died in Avrig , Sibiu County , was a Transylvanian - born Romanian scholar , the founder of the first Romanian language school - in Bucharest , 1818 .
Augusto Aubry ( 28 April 1849 in Naples -- 4 March 1912 in Taranto , on board Vittorio Emanuele ) was an Italian naval officer and politician .
Mario Schifano ( 20 September 1934 , Khoms , Libya -- 26 January 1998 , Rome , Italy ) was an Italian painter and collagist of the Postmodern tradition .
Christoph Sonnleithner ( 28 May 1734 in Szeged , Hungary -- 25 December 1786 in Vienna , Austria ) was an Austrian jurist and composer .
Félix Lionnet was a French Painter born at La Châtaigneraie Vendée on December 15 , 1832 , the son of Félix Lionnet ( 1797 - -1842 ) , a goldsmith , and his wife Marthe Clémentine Lebel ( 1810 - -1866 ) .
Henry Thomas Colebrooke , third son of Sir George Colebrooke , 2nd Baronet , Chairman of the East India Company , and Mary Gaynor of Antigua , was born in London .
Diego Osorio de Escobar y Llamas ( c. 1608 , Coruña , Galicia , Spain -- October 17 , 1673 , Puebla , New Spain ) was Roman Catholic bishop of Puebla ( 1656 - -73 ) and viceroy of New Spain from June 29 , 1664 to October 15 , 1664 .
Ludvík Ráža ( 3 October 1929 , in Mukachevo -- 4 October 2000 , in Prague ) was a Czechoslovak film director .
Johann Stadlmayr ( born perhaps around 1580 probably in Freising ; died 1648 in Innsbruck ) was a composer and long serving Hofkapellmeister to the Princes of Tirol .
Walter Künneth ( 1 January 1901 , Etzelwang - 26 October 1997 , in Erlangen ) was a German Protestant theologian .
Hinrich Braren ( 31 August 1751 , Oldsum -- 4 August 1826 , Tönning ) , later known as Hinrich Brarens , was a Danish sea captain , pilot inspector and nautical examiner .
Netta Muskett ( born 1887 in Sevenoaks , Kent , England - d. 29 May 1963 in Putney ) was a British writer of more than 60 romance novels from 1927 to 1963 , she also wrote under the pseudonym Anne Hill .
According to recent research , Frederick of Isenberg was a leading figure in the opposition of Westphalian nobles to the aggressive power politics of the Archbishop of Cologne , Engelbert of Berg .
Ernst - Robert Grawitz ( 8 June 1899 -- 24 April 1945 ) was a German physician ( and an SS Reichsarzt ) in Nazi Germany during World War II . He was born in Charlottenburg and died in Potsdam - Babelsberg .
Born in Bucharest , George Pruteanu studied literature at the Universities of Iaşi and Bucharest and , starting in 1972 , he wrote various columns for literary magazines such as Convorbiri Literare , Contemporanul , and Cronica .
Floyd M. Riddick died in Santa Fe , New Mexico at age 91 , on January 25 , 2000 .
Lisa Ullmann ( 17 June 1907 , in Berlin -- 25 January 1985 , in Chertsey ) was a German - British dance and movement teacher , predominantly remembered for her work in association with dance pioneer Rudolf Laban .
Jorge Donn ( 25 February 1947 in El Palomar , Buenos Aires -- 30 November 1992 in Lausanne , Switzerland ) , was an Argentine internationally known ballet dancer .
Dominique You or Youx ( born Frederic You or Youx , ca . 1775 , Sète , France - died November 15 , 1830 , New Orleans , Louisiana ) was a privateer , soldier , and politician .
Captain James Coutts Crawford died at Liverpool on 10 May 1828 , at the age of 67 .
Martin Bauzer ( 11 November 1595 -- 23 December 1668 ) , also known as Martin Bavčer ( other spellings : Martin Baučer , Martin Bavčar ) , was a historian from Gorizia who wrote in Latin .
Urbain Grandier ( 1590 in Bouère , Mayenne -- 18 August 1634 in Loudun ) was a French Catholic priest who was burned at the stake after being convicted of witchcraft , following the events of the so - called `` Loudun Possessions '' .
Bartolomeo di Fruosino ( 1366 or 1369 -- December 7 , 1441 ) was an Italian painter and illuminator of the Florentine School and Renaissance art . Bartolomeo was born , and lived and worked his whole life in Florence .
Otto Bayer ( November 4 , 1902 in Frankfurt-- August 1 , 1982 in Burscheid ) was a German industrial chemist at IG Farben who was head of the research group that discovered the polyaddition for the synthesis of polyurethanes out of polyisocyanate and polyol .
Gustav von Hayek ( 21 March 1836 , Brno -- 11 January 1911 , Vienna ) was an Austrian naturalist .
Jan Ciągliński ( Russian : Ян ( Иван ) Францевич Ционглинский , 20 February 1858 , Warsaw - 6 January 1913 , Saint Petersburg ) was a Polish painter who lived in Russia .
Leonida Bissolati ( Cremona , February 20 , 1857 -- Rome , March 6 , 1920 ) was a leading exponent of the Italian socialist movement at the turn of the nineteenth century .
Eliot Butler Willauer , AIA , ( April 4 , 1912 -- February 6 , 1972 ) was an American architect active in mid - twentieth - century New York City .
Oliver Farrar Emerson ( born in Traer , Iowa , 24 May 1860 ; died in Ocala , Florida 13 March 1927 ) was a United States educator and philologist noted for Chaucer scholarship and his History of the English Language .
Christian van den Queborn ( 1515 , Antwerp -- 1578 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish Renaissance painter .
Luis Lucia Mingarro ( 24 May 1914 , in Valencia -- 12 March 1984 , in Madrid ) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter .
Mary Harris Jones died in Silver Spring , Maryland at age 93 on 30 November 1930 .
Heinrich Wilhelm Petersen , known as Heinrich Petersen - Angeln ( 4 April 1850 in Westerholz -- 23 April 1906 in Angeln , Düsseldorf ) was a German painter .
Haroldo de Campos ( 19 August 1929 , São Paulo -- 16 August 2003 , São Paulo ) was a Brazilian poet , critic , professor and translator .
Peter Sharpe ( December 10 , 1777 in New York City -- August 3 , 1842 in Brooklyn , New York ) was an American politician who served as a United States Representative from New York .
Fritz Eckstein was born on the 27 January 1923 in Schwaikheim , Württemberg to Adolf and Maria Eckstein , he was the first of three children .
Rudolf Rupec ( 17 February 1895 in Grubišno polje , Kingdom of Croatia - Slavonia , Austria - Hungary -- 1 July 1983 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian footballer who played for the national teams of Austria and the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes .
On March 1 , 1856 , Sauer finally opened his own business as Wilhelm Sauer , organ builder in Frankfurt ( Oder ) , which grew quickly with temporary branches in Königsberg ( 1860 ) .
Johann Stephan Pütter ( 25 June 1725 , Iserlohn -- 12 August 1807 , Göttingen ) was a German law lecturer and publicist .
Haroon Islam was killed on the midnight of 8 July 2007 two days after having been hit by small arms fire while commanding the raid on Lal Masjid in Islamabad .
Paul Chung ( 5 April 1959 -- 1 September 1989 ) was a Hong Kong actor , MC ( Master of Ceremony ) and a DJ in the early 1980s .
Claire Croiza ( née Conelly , or O'Connolly ) was born in Paris , the daughter of an expatriate American father and an Italian mother , and as a child she excelled at piano and singing .
Giulio Carmignani ( 14 September 1813 , Parma - 16 January 1890 , Parma ) was an Italian landscape painter and litterateur .
Lucyna Ćwierczakiewiczowa was born in Warsaw , in the notable family of von Bachman .
Jonas Staugaitis ( pronunciation ; May 20 , 1868 , Omentiškiai , Suwałki Governorate -- January 18 , 1952 , Kaunas ) was the acting President of Lithuania during the December 1926 coup d'état .
Maxwell Starkman ( November 17 , 1921 -- December 29 , 2003 ) was a Canadian architect based in Los Angeles , California .
Jean - Jacques Waltz ( 23 February 1873 , Colmar - 10 June 1951 ) , also known as `` Oncle Hansi '' , or simply `` Hansi '' ( `` little John '' ) was a French artist of Alsatian origin .
Saint Pantaenus the Philosopher ( Greek : Πάνταινος ; died c. 200 ) was a Greek theologian and a significant figure in the Catechetical School of Alexandria from around AD 180 .
Friedrich Hiebel ( 10 February 1903 , Vienna , Austria - 16 October 1989 , Dornach , Switzerland ) was an Austrian anthroposophist , journalist and writer .
Anton Einsle ( 1801 - -1871 ) , an Austrian portrait painter , was born at Vienna in 1801 .
Michel Erhart ( c. 1440 to 1445 -- after 1522 , Ulm ) was a German late Gothic sculptor who lived and worked in Ulm .
Charles Anthony Schott ( * August 7 , 1826 in Mannheim ; † July 31 , 1901 in Washington , D.C. ) was a German - American scientist .
Darcy O'Brien ( July 16 , 1939 , Los Angeles -- March 2 , 1998 , Tulsa ) was an award - winning author of fiction and literary criticism , most well known for his work in the genre of true crime .
Faustino Arévalo ( 23 July 1747 at Campanario , Badajoz in Extremadura , Spain -- 7 January 1824 at Madrid ) was a Spanish Jesuit hymnographer and patrologist .
Georg Ludwig Walch ( 8 May 1785 , Jena -- 21 January 1838 , Greifswald ) was a German classical philologist largely known for his edition and analysis of works by the Roman historian Tacitus .
Eduardo Schaerer Vera y Aragón ( December 2 , 1873 in Caazapá -- November 12 , 1941 in Buenos Aires ) was a Swiss - Paraguayan businessman , publisher , and Liberal politician .
During the early 1900s , Rodolphe Forget with his uncle Louis - Joseph Forget and Forget family investments controlled the very important Montreal Light , Heat & Power Company .
Karl Weule ( 29 February 1864 , Alt - Wallmoden -- 19 April 1926 , Leipzig ) was a German geographer and ethnologist .
Manuel Benjamín Carrión Mora ( April 20 , 1897 in Loja -- March 9 , 1979 in Quito ) was an Ecuadorian writer , diplomat and cultural promoter .
Since 1967 , Vasko Lipovac lived and worked in Split , Croatia , where the Mediterranean climate inspired him to fulfill his poetic vision , and to create numerous works .
Alessandro Araldi ( c. 1460 -- c. 1529 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance , active mainly in Parma .
Gaston Godel ( 19 August 1914 in Givisiez − 17 February 2004 in Domdidier ) was a Swiss race walker .
Sebastiano Buzzin ( December 24 , 1929 in Cormons -- December 17 , 2007 in Locarno , Switzerland ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Gaetano Martino was one of the participants of the Messina Conference in 1955 , which would lead to the Treaty of Rome in 1957 .
Camillo Rapetti ( 1859 , Milan -- 1929 ) was an Italian painter .
Aquiles Nazoa ( Caracas , 17 May 1920 - 26 April 1976 ) was a Venezuelan writer , journalist , poet and humorist .
Arthur Constantin Krebs ( 16 November 1850 in Vesoul , France -- 22 March 1935 in Quimperlé , France ) was a French officer and pioneer in automotive engineering .
Luigi Griffanti ( born in Turbigo , Milan , 20 April 1917 -- died in Florence , 2 May 2006 ) was an Italian footballer .
Odoardo Tabacchi ( Valganna , December 19 , 1836- Milan , March 23 , 1905 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Bill Ladbury was killed in action in France in June 1917 .
Georges Saupique was a French sculptor born on 27 January 1880 in Paris .
Veit Brecher Wittrock ( 5 May 1839 , district of Dalsland -- 1 September 1914 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish botanist known for his work in the field of phycology and for his research of the genus Viola .
Saint Prosdocimus ( Prosdecimus ) of Padua ( Italian : Prosdocimo , German : Prosdozimus ) ( d. November 7 , ca . 100 AD ) is venerated as the first bishop of Padua .
Nora Gordon ( 29 November 1893 , West Hartlepool , County Durham -- 11 May 1970 , London ) was a British film and television actress .
Luigi Caponaro ( Salerno , 14 August 1567 -- Gaeta , 1622 ) was a healer in Naples and Gaeta , Italy in the late 16th and early 17th centuries .
Philemon Dickinson ( April 5 , 1739 -- February 4 , 1809 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Trenton , New Jersey .
Jaime Sabartés Gual ( Catalan : Jaume Sabartés i Gual ) , born Barcelona 10 June 1881 died Paris 12 February 1968 , was a Catalan Spanish artist , poet and writer .
William E. Jordan ( September 10 , 1883 -- ? ) was a stenographer and bricklayer from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served three terms as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 11th Milwaukee County district ( 11th and 23rd wards of the City of Milwaukee ) .
Stephen Joseph Reichert ( May 14 , 1943 ) is a Roman Catholic archbishop .
James E. Burke ( February 28 , 1925 -- September 28 , 2012 ) was the chief executive officer ( CEO ) of Johnson & Johnson from 1976 to 1989 , a company for which he worked forty years .
Gavin Rajah has been appointed by the United Nations as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador .
Celso Torrelio Villa ( June 3 , 1933 , Chuquisaca , Bolivia -- April 23 , 1999 , La Paz ) was a military general , a member of the Junta of Commanders of the Armed Forces ( 1981 ) , and de facto President of Bolivia between September 1981 and August 1982 .
Joshua G. Newbold ( May 12 , 1830 , Fayette County , Pennsylvania -- June 10 , 1903 , Mount Pleasant , Iowa ) was the tenth Governor of Iowa .
Dunja Mijatović ( Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is an expert on media law and media regulation , who from 2010 to 2016 served as the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media ( RFoM )
Antoine de Montazet ( 17 August 1713 , Laugnac -- 2 May 1788 ) was a French theologian , of Jansenist tendencies , who became bishop of Autun and archbishop of Lyon .
Domenico Michele was the 35th Doge of Venice .
The Reverend Dr Nevil Maskelyne FRS ( 6 October 1732 -- 9 February 1811 ) was the fifth British Astronomer Royal .
Bidhya Devi Bhandari ( Nepali : विद्या देवी भण्डारी ; born 19 June 1961 ) is the second and current President of Nepal , elected in 2015 .
Carlos Prío Socarrás ( July 14 , 1903 -- April 5 , 1977 ) was the President of Cuba from 1948 until he was deposed by a military coup led by Fulgencio Batista on March 10 , 1952 , three months before new elections were to be held .
Dr. Kristján Eldjárn ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈkʰrɪstjaun ˈɛltjaurtn̥ ) ; 6 December 1916 -- 14 September 1982 ) was the third President of Iceland , from 1968 to 1980 .
Khakaure Senusret III ( also written as Senwosret III or the hellenised form Sesostris III ) was a pharaoh of Egypt .
Enrico Letta ( pronounced ( enˌriːko ˈlɛtta ) ; born 20 August 1966 ) is an Italian politician who was Prime Minister of Italy from 2013 to 2014 , leading a grand coalition comprising the centre - left Democratic Party , the centre - right People of Freedom , and the centrist Civic Choice .
Maria Spyraki ( Greek : Μαρία Σπυράκη ; born September 11 , 1965 ) is a Greek journalist , politician and a member of the European Parliament for New Democracy .
Matthijs van Miltenburg ( born 2 April 1972 ) is a Dutch politician , he has been a member of the European Parliament for the Democrats 66 representing the Netherlands since July 2014 .
The Right Reverend Benedict Joseph Flaget , S.S. , ( November 7 , 1763 -- February 11 , 1850 ) was a French - born Catholic bishop in the United States .
Roger L. Eddy ( born 1958 ) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 109th district from 2003 to 2012 .
Louis - André Pichon ( November 3 , 1771 Nantes-1854 ) was a French diplomat , and French ambassador to the United States , particularly during the Louisiana Purchase .
William Placid Morris OSB ( 29 September 1794 -- 18 February 1872 ) was a London - born Roman Catholic bishop .
Juan Sandoval Íñiguez ( born 28 March 1933 in Yahualica de González Gallo , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church , and served as Archbishop of Guadalajara .
Ann Hraychuck is a former Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , representing the 28th Assembly District from her 2006 election until 2010 .
Louis André ( 28 March 1838 , Nuits - Saint - Georges , Côte - d'Or -- 18 March 1913 ) was France 's Minister of War from 1900 until 1904 .
Sir Reginald Bray KG ( c. 1440 -- 24 June 1503 ) was the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster under Henry VII , English courtier , and architect of the Henry VII Lady Chapel in Westminster Abbey .
Joseph Alston ( 1779 -- September 19 , 1816 ) was the 44th Governor of South Carolina from 1812 to 1814 .
Victor - Félix Bernadou ( June 25 , 1816 -- November 15 , 1891 ) was a French cardinal , since 1867 archbishop of Sens . Born in Castres , he was ordained to the Priesthood on December 19 , 1840 .
Oswald West ( May 20 , 1873 -- August 22 , 1960 ) was an American politician , a Democrat , who served most notably as the 14th Governor of Oregon .
Rita Fan Hsu Lai - tai , GBM , GBS , CBE , JP ( born 20 September 1945 in Shanghai , China ) was the President of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong ( LegCo ) after the transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom in 1997 .
Jean - Nicolas Nissage Saget ( 1810 - -1880 ) succeeded Sylvain Salnave as President of Haiti in 1869 .
Neferkara I ( also Neferka and , alternatively , Aaka ) is the cartouche name of a king ( pharaoh ) who is said to have ruled during the 2nd dynasty of Ancient Egypt .
Heidi Victoria ( born 12 October 1967 ) is a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly representing Bayswater for the Liberal Party of Australia .
Gerhard Schaffran ( * 4 July 1912 in Leschnitz , Oberschlesien ; † 4 . March 1996 in Dresden ) was Papal consistory and Auxiliary bishop of Görlitz , Capitulary vicar of Breslau for the see of Görlitz and Bishop of Dresden - Meissen .
Amandus ( c. 584 -- 675 ) , commonly called Saint Amand , was a bishop of Tongeren - Maastricht and one of the great Christian missionaries of Flanders .
Joanne Huelsman ( born March 21 , 1938 ) is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
Damian Zimoń ( born 25 October 1934 ) is metropolitan archbishop emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Katowice .
Mike Kernell ( born December 20 , 1951 , in Memphis , Tennessee ) is a former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives , 1975 - 2012 .
Alexander Porter ( June 24 , 1785 -- January 13 , 1844 ) was an attorney , politician and planter in the United States , who served as United States Senator from Louisiana , serving 1833 to 1837 .
David Bjornson ( born 7 July 1947 in Selkirk , Manitoba ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993 , serving in the 34th Canadian Parliament for the Progressive Conservative party in the Selkirk riding .
Remaclus served as abbot of Stavelot and Malmedy .
Thomas John Francis Strickland , known as Abbé Strickland ( 1679 ? -- 1740 ) was an English Roman Catholic bishop of Namur and doctor of the Sorbonne .
Janez Frančišek Gnidovec , C.M. ( 29 September 1873 -- 3 February 1939 ) , was a Slovenian Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Bishop of Skopje .
Saint Sturm ( c. 705 -- 17 December 779 ) , also called Sturmius or Sturmi , was a disciple of Saint Boniface and founder and first abbot of the Benedictine monastery and abbey of Fulda in 742 or 744 .
Zack Milkovich is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving the Thirty Fifth District from 2011 to 2014 and representing the City of Barberton and portions of Akron , Ohio .
Paulin Kouabénan N'Gnamé ( 12 May 1962 − 21 March 2008 ) was a Ivorian Roman Catholic bishop .
Abbas Benedictus ( died 1194 ) was abbot of Peterborough .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ( Persian : محمود احمدی‌نژاد‎‎ , Mahmūd Ahmadinezhād ( mæhmuːd(-e ) æhmædiːneʒɒːd ) , born 28 October 1956 ) is an Iranian politician who was the sixth President of Iran from 2005 to 2013 .
Abu'l Muzaffar Muin ud - din Muhammad Shah Farrukh - siyar Alim Akbar Sani Wala Shan Padshah - i - bahr - u - bar ( Shahid - i - Mazlum ) ( or Farrukhsiyar , 20 August 1685 -- 19 April 1719 ) was the Mughal emperor between 1713 and 1719 , after murdering Jahandar Shah .
Gabriel Urralburu Tainta ( born 6 November 1950 ) is a Spanish politician and former President of Navarre between 1984 and 1991 .
Jean - Paul Fournier ( born 16 October 1945 ) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France and mayor of Nimes .
Francesco Scipione Maria Borghese ( 20 May 1697 , Rome -- 21 June 1759 , Rome ) was an Italian cardinal from the Borghese family .
Joseph Emile Harley ( September 14 , 1880 -- February 27 , 1942 ) was the 100th Governor of South Carolina from 1941 to 1942 and a member of the `` Barnwell Ring . ''
Saint Wandregisel ( French : Wandrille ) ( c. 605 - -668 AD ) was a Frankish courtier , monk , and abbot .
Nazzareno Marconi ( born 12 February 1958 ) is the bishop of Macerata - Tolentino - Recanati - Cingoli - Treia .
William Cary Renfrow ( March 15 , 1845 -- January 31 , 1922 ) was a Confederate soldier in the American Civil War and Democratic 3rd Governor of Oklahoma Territory .
Daniel Manning ( May 16 , 1831 -- December 24 , 1887 ) was an American businessman , journalist , and politician most notable for having served as the 37th United States Secretary of the Treasury .
Will Tallman is an American politician and current member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
John M. Sell ( October 9 , 1862 -- September 1930 ) was a house painter , interior decorator and trade union activist from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Mary Hanafin ( born 1 June 1959 ) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for Dún Laoghaire from 1997 to 2011 .
Æthelhard ( also Ethelhard , Æthilheard , Aethelheard or Ethelheard ; died 12 May 805 ) was a Bishop of Winchester then an Archbishop of Canterbury in medieval England .
Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom , ( also spelled Strydom ) commonly called JG Strydom or Hans Strydom ( 14 July 1893 -- 24 August 1958 ) , nicknamed the Lion of the North , was Prime Minister of South Africa from 30 November 1954 to 24 August 1958 .
Stigand ( Latin : Stigantus ; died 1072 ) was an Anglo - Saxon churchman in pre - Norman Conquest England who became Archbishop of Canterbury .
Dom Rosendo Salvado Rotea OSB ( 1 March 1814 -- 29 December 1900 ) was a Spanish Benedictine monk , missionary , bishop , author , founder and first Abbot of the Territorial Abbey of New Norcia , in Western Australia .
Pope Innocent X ( Latin : Innocentius X ; 6 May 1574 -- 7 January 1655 ) , born Giovanni Battista Pamphilj ( or Pamphili ) , was pope from 15 September 1644 to his death in 1655 .
Ælfric Puttoc ( /ˈælfrɪk ˈpʌtək/ ; Old English : Ælfrīc Puttoc ; died 22 January 1051 ) , sometimes modernised Alfric Puttock , was a medieval Archbishop of York and Bishop of Worcester .
Anthony Francis Mestice ( December 6 , 1923 -- April 30 , 2011 ) served as the Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York and titular bishop of Villa Nova .
Jim Tolson ( born 26 May 1965 ) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician , and a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for Dunfermline West .
J. William Lincoln ( born October 27 , 1940 ) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , serving from 1979 to 1994 .
Gilbert Foliot ( c. 1110 -- 18 February 1187 ) was a medieval English monk and prelate , successively Abbot of Gloucester , Bishop of Hereford and Bishop of London .
Erastus Brooks was a member of the New York State Senate ( 6th D. ) , first elected as a Whig , from 1854 to 1857 , sitting in the 77th , 78th , 79th and 80th New York State Legislatures .
Saint Winwaloe ( Breton : Gwenole ; French : Guénolé ; Latin : Winwallus or Winwalœus ; c. 460 -- 3 March 532 ) was the founder and first abbot of Landévennec Abbey ( literally `` Lann of Venec '' ) , also known as the Monastery of Winwaloe .
François Gaudreau ( born February 17 , 1957 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician and was the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Vimont from 2002 to 2003 .
Stefanos Dragoumis ( Greek : Στέφανος Δραγούμης ; 1842 in Athens -- September 17 , 1923 in Athens ) was a judge , writer and Prime Minister of Greece from January to October 1910 .
Dennis Feickert ( born June 19 , 1948 in Aberdeen , South Dakota ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 1 since January 11 , 2013 .
James Harold Wilson , Baron Wilson of Rievaulx , KG , OBE , PC , FRS , ( 11 March 1916 -- 24 May 1995 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1964 to 1970 and 1974 to 1976 .
Constantin Angelescu ( 1870 - -1948 ) was a Romanian politician who served as an interim Prime Minister of Romania for five days , between 30 December 1933 and 3 January 1934 .
Jeronim Mileta ( April 17 , 1871 in Šibenik - November 23 , 1947 in Šibenik ) was a Roman Catholic friar who became the bishop of the Diocese of Šibenik in 1922 .
Sir Philip Euen Mitchell ( 1 May 1890 -- 11 October 1964 ) was a British Colonial administrator who served as Governor of Uganda ( 1935 - -1940 ) , Governor of Fiji ( 1942 - -1944 ) and Governor of Kenya ( 1944 - -1952 ) .
Maria Domenica Michelotti , ( born 8 October 1952 in Bourg - Saint - Maurice , France ) , served as a Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 April 2000 to 1 October 2000 .
Geremia Bonomelli ( 1831 - -1914 ) was the bishop of the diocese of Cremona in the late years of the 19th century and first years of the 20th century .
Arthur Fenner ( December 10 , 1745 -- October 15 , 1805 ) served as the fourth Governor of Rhode Island from 1790 until his death in 1805 .
Joseph Augustine Di Noia , O.P. , ( born July 10 , 1943 ) is an American member of the Dominican Order who is a Roman Catholic archbishop and theologian .
Betty Ireland ( born 1946 ) was the 28th Secretary of State of West Virginia from 2005 - 2009 , serving as the first woman elected to the executive branch of West Virginia state government .
Rainald of Dassel ( c. 1120 -- 14 August 1167 near Rome ) was archbishop of Cologne from 1159 to 1167 and archchancellor of Italy .
Giovanni Dandolo was the 48th Doge of Venice , elected on 31 March 1280 , died on 2 November 1289 .
Ormanno Tedici was an abbot and Italian politician .
A reconsideration of this new archaeological evidence would remove several arguments usually advanced in support of a short reign : namely the absence of a tomb that can be assigned to Thutmose II , the absence of a funerary temple and the lack of any major works undertaken by this pharaoh .
Norman L. Eisen ( born November 11 , 1960 ) is the former United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic .
Godfrey of Amiens ( French : Geoffroy d'Amiens ) ( 1066 - -1115 ) was a bishop of Amiens .
Heyno Gottschalk ( † 1541 in Oldenstadt ) was from 1506 to 1531 the last abbot of the Benedictine abbey of Oldenstadt .
Jarrod Martin is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , serving the Seventieth District since 2009 .
Lucius Hre Kung ( born 4 February 1959 ) is a Burmese Roman Catholic bishop .
Sekhemre Wadjkhaw Sobekemsaf I was a pharaoh of Egypt during the 17th Dynasty .
Mame Madior Boye ( born 1940 ) was Prime Minister of Senegal from 2001 to 2002 .
Niels Henrik Arendt ( 23 September 1950 -- 24 August 2015 ) was a Danish Church of Denmark prelate and the bishop of Haderslev from 1999 to 2013 .
Cesare Nosiglia ( born 5 October 1944 ) has been the archbishop of Turin since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 11 October 2010 .
Jean - Luc Dehaene ( Dutch : ( ʒɑ̃ːˈlyk dəˈɦaːnə ) ; 7 August 1940 -- 15 May 2014 ) was a Belgian politician who served as Prime Minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1999 .
Anaxandridas I ( Greek : Ἀναξανδρίδας ) ( reigned from c. 675 to c. 645 BC ) was king of Sparta and a member of the Eurypontid dynasty .
Vima Takto or Vima Taktu was a Kushan emperor reigned c. 80 - -90 CE .
Woseribre Senebkay ( alternatively Seneb Kay ) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the Second Intermediate Period .
Sir Roger Gifford ( born 3 August 1955 ) is a London banker and was 685th Lord Mayor of London ( 2012 - 13 ) .
Josip Stadler ( 24 January 1843 -- 8 December 1918 ) was a Croatian priest , the first modern archbishop of Vrhbosna and the founder of the religious order of the Servants of the Infant Jesus ( Croatian : Služavke Maloga Isusa ) .
Carlos Roberto Reina Idiáquez ( March 13 , 1926 -- August 19 , 2003 ) was a politician of the Liberal Party of Honduras , and President of Honduras from January 27 , 1994 to January 27 , 1998 .
James Harrison Oliver ( 1857 -- April 6 , 1928 ) was a Rear Admiral and member of the Naval Board of Strategy during World War I. He was also the first military Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1917 to 1919 .
Gaius Vibius Pansa Caetronianus ( died 23 April 43 BC ) was consul of the Roman Republic in 43 BC . Although supporting Gaius Julius Caesar during the Civil War , he pushed for the restoration of the Republic upon Caesar 's death .
François Denys Légitime ( November 20 , 1841 -- July 29 , 1935 ) was a Haitian general who served as President of Haiti from 1888 to 1889 .
Willibrord Benzler OSB ( 16 October 1853 -- 16 April 1921 ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Metz from 1901 to 1919 .
Donald W. Fox ( born May 28 , 1922 ) is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , representing Lawrence County , Pennsylvania from 1957 until 1969 , when he was elected to represent the 10th legislative district in Lawrence County , Pennsylvania .
Tom Heydinger ( August 24 , 1940 -- July 10 , 2012 ) was a former judge and Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represented the 58th District briefly in 2008 .
Warren Garst ( December 4 , 1850 -- October 5 , 1924 ) was an American politician , Iowa State Senator , a member of the Republican Party , the 21st Lieutenant Governor , and the 19th Governor of Iowa .
Alfredo Stroessner Matiauda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈfreðo strosˈner ) ; November 3 , 1912 -- August 16 , 2006 ) was a Paraguayan military officer who served as President of Paraguay from 1954 to 1989 .
Jean - Damascène Bizimana ( born 1970s ) is a Rwandan diplomat and the former ambassador of Rwanda to the United Nations .
Saint Eugendus ( also Augendus ; French : Oyand , Oyan ; c. 449 -- January 1 , 510 ) was the fourth abbot of Condat Abbey , at Saint - Claude , Jura .
Xenophon Zolotas ( Greek : Ξενοφών Ζολώτας , 26 March 1904 -- 10 June 2004 ) was a Greek economist and served as an interim non - party Prime Minister of Greece .
The Venerable Bede , in his Ecclesiastical History , describes St Hybald as a `` most holy and continent man who was an abbot in Lindsey '' .
Auxentius of Milan or of Cappadocia ( fl . c. 355 -- 374 ) , was an Arian theologian and bishop of Milan .
François C. Antoine Simon ( aka Antoine Simon ) ( 1843 - -1923 ) was President of Haiti from 6 December 1908 to 3 August 1911 .
Kan Fook - yee , GBS ( born 14 June 1936 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Provisional Legislative Council .
Lary J. Swoboda , Ph . D ( May 28 , 1939 -- November 25 , 2012 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Louis - Constant Fleming ( born 1 December 1946 ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the island of Saint - Martin . He was born on the Dutch Side of the island which is Sint Maarten , there he attended primary school , he later left the island and went on to Canada .
Adalbero I of Metz ( ? - ( ? ) 26 April 962 ) was an important member of the clergy during the middle years of the tenth century , serving as Bishop of Metz from 929 till 954 .
Peter Li Hongye ( 1920 -- April 23 , 2011 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop from China .
Ingjald illråde or Ingjaldr hinn illráði ( Ingold Ill - ruler or Ill - ready ) was a legendary Swedish king of the House of Ynglings .
Yvon Brochu ( born April 25 , 1944 ) was a politician in Quebec , Canada , and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec ( MNA ) .
Neferkare Pepiseneb ( also Neferkare Khered Seneb and Neferkare VI ) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 7th/8th Dynasty during the early First Intermediate Period ( 2181 - -2055 BC ) .
William Nelson Runyon ( March 5 , 1871 -- November 9 , 1931 ) was a Republican who served as Acting Governor of New Jersey from 1919 to 1920 .
Francis Xavier Roque ( born October 9 , 1928 ) is an American Roman Catholic bishop who served the Archdiocese for the Military Services .
Guala Bicchieri ( c. 1150 -- 1227 ) was an Italian diplomat and papal official , and cardinal .
George Sheltz was consecrated auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Galveston - Houston on May 2 , 2012 .
Iuliu Hossu ( 30 January 1885 - 28 May 1970 ) was a Romanian Greek - Catholic bishop of the Cluj - Gherla Diocese and later cardinal ( never functioning ) and victim of the Communist regime .
Piero Marini ( born 13 January 1942 ) is a Roman Catholic archbishop who is president of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses .
Philip Joseph Garrigan ( September 8 , 1840 -- October 14 , 1919 ) was an Irish - born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Sioux City , Iowa from 1902 to 1919 .
The box packaging features the cover of the Marvel Comics issue where Grimlock was proclaimed king .
Pandion II was the eighth king of Athens in the traditional line of succession as given by the third century BC Parian Chronicle , the chronographer Castor of Rhodes ( probably from the late third - century Eratosthenes ) and the Bibliotheca .
Devendra Fadnavis ( Marathi : देवेंद्र फडणवीस , born 22 July 1970 ) is the 18th and current Chief Minister of Maharashtra state in India .
Jude Speyrer ( April 14 , 1929 -- July 21 , 2013 ) D.D. , was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Lake Charles , Louisiana .
William de Wickwane ( died 1285 ) was Archbishop of York , between the years 1279 and 1285 .
Celso Benigno Luigi Costantini ( 3 April 1876 -- 17 October 1958 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal who served as the Apostolic Chancellor from 1954 until his death ;
Benedict of Sausetun ( or Benedict of Sawston ) was a medieval Bishop of Rochester .
Anne Gonzales ( born August 12 , 1963 ) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the Nineteenth District since 2011 .
Triantafyllos Machairidis ( Greek : Τριαντάφυλλος Μαχαιρίδης ; born 10 November 1973 ) , is a former Greek professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Gerasimos Fylaktou ( born 24 July 1991 ) ( Greek : Γεράσιμος Φυλακτού ) is a Cypriot footballer player who plays as a central midfielder for Omonia .
James John Stewart Imlach ( 6 January 1932 -- 7 October 2001 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a left - winger for numerous clubs in England .
Damla Çoban ( born December 27 , 1996 ) is a Turkish women 's football forward currently playing as captain for Ataşehir Belediyespor with jersey number 96 .
Rémi Pillot ( born 27 July 1990 in Besançon ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian side K.V. Kortrijk .
Jonathon Woods ( born 1889 , date of death unknown ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward .
John Leah ( born 3 August 1978 in Shrewsbury ) is an English footballer who currently plays as a midfielder .
Grigor Topalli ( born 1 November 1992 in Korçë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Albanian Superliga champions Skënderbeu Korçë as a forward .
William George Marks ( 9 April 1915 -- 22 January 1998 ) was an English association football player , who played as a goalkeeper .
Elena Porosniuc ( a.k.a . Porozhnyuk ) is a Moldovan football defender , currently playing for Kubanochka Krasnodar in the Russian Championship .
Frank Banda ( born 12 January 1991 ) is an Malawian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Nuno Claro Simões Coimbra ( born 7 January 1977 ) , known as Claro , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Ohad Cohen ( Hebrew : אוהד כהן‎ ; born 10 June 1975 ) is an Israeli footballer player who plays in the goalkeeper position for Hapoel Kfar Saba .
Dan - Ola Eckerman ( born 26 March 1963 in Turku , died 25 May 1994 in Turku ) was a Finnish football goalkeeper .
Ross Paule ( born April 4 , 1976 ) is an American former soccer midfielder , who last played for the Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer .
Antonis Rikka ( Greek : Αντώνης Ρίκκα ; born 3 March 1986 in Marseille ) is a Greek football player currently playing for AO Chania in the Football League ( Greece ) as a defensive midfielder .
Iacopo Balestri ( born 21 June 1975 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B team Salernitana in the role of a defender .
Claudinei dos Santos Oliveira , better known as Claudinei Oliveira ( born 29 September 1969 in Santos ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and a current manager .
Josip Magdić ( born 19 December 1985 ) is a footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for the Australian club Melbourne Knights .
Jean - Alain Boumsong - Somkong ( born 14 December 1979 ) is a professional football defender , and former French international .
Walerian Kisieliński ( March 1 , 1907 in Brzezinka -- February 19 , 1988 in Warsaw ) was a Polish soccer forward , who capped seven times for the national team of Poland ( 1931 - -1937 ) , scoring 2 goals .
Paul Gause played for the Seton Hall Pirates men 's basketball team as either the point guard or shooting guard .
Iliyan Yordanov ( Bulgarian : Илиян Йорданов ; born 3 April 1989 ) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Serbian SuperLiga club Borac Čačak .
Luke McGrath is an Irish rugby union player for Leinster Rugby . His preferred position is scrum - half .
Linden Rowat ( born June 27 , 1989 ) is a Canadian major junior ice hockey goaltender .
Hairul Nizam Hanif ( born April 6 , 1979 ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a defender and midfield for Johor FA and the Malaysia national team .
Van Lal Hruaia ( born 25 May 1991 ) is a footballer from Burma , and plays as a goalkeeper for Ayeyawady United .
Boban Lazić ( born 29 January 1994 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward or right winger for VVV - Venlo in the Eerste Divisie , on loan from PEC Zwolle .
Mario Pašalić ( born 9 February 1995 ) is a Croatian footballer who plays for AS Monaco FC on loan from Chelsea , as a central midfielder .
Milan Stepanov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Степанов ; born 2 April 1983 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Serbian club Vojvodina as a central defender .
José Manuel Mourinho Félix ( born 17 June 1938 in Ferragudo , Faro , Algarve ) is a retired Portuguese football goalkeeper and manager .
James Will ( born 7 October 1972 ) is a Scottish former professional football goalkeeper , who played for Arsenal , Dunfermline Athletic , Turriff United , Deveronvale and Peterhead .
Ionuț Neagu ( born 26 October 1989 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a box - to - box midfielder for the Turkish club Karabükspor .
Manoel de Oliveira da Silva Júnior ( born 24 September 1976 in Paulista , Pernambuco ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Anthony Kalik ( born 5 November 1997 ) is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hajduk Split in the Prva HNL , on loan from Central Coast Mariners in the A - League .
Luis Prieto Zalbidegoitia ( born 19 February 1979 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender .
Damien Webber ( born 8 October 1968 ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a defender .
Lennart Wing ( born 7 August 1935 ) is a retired Swedish footballer and manager who played as a wing half .
Bartosz Broniszewski ( born 23 January 1988 in Munich ) is a German football defender of Polish origin , who plays for TSV Berg .
Paul Holocher ( born May 24 , 1969 in Seattle , Washington ) is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played in Austria and Major League Soccer .
Clément Rigaud ( born 26 September 1984 in Paris ) is a French football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper .
Thiago Esmerindo de Souza de Brito , commonly known as Thiago Brito ( born 20 August 1992 ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Kuwaiti club Al - Nasr SC , on loan from Santos FC , as a forward .
Cléber Guedes de Lima or simply Cléber ( born 29 April 1974 in Brasília ) is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as a defender during his career .
Gabriel Wüthrich ( born 28 August 1981 in Echallens ) is a Swiss footballer who last played as goalkeeper for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League .
Joaquín Oliva Gomá ( born November 11 , 1926 in Guissona , Spain ) was a Spanish professional association football player , who played as a defender .
Ben Coker ( born 17 June 1989 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender or as a midfielder for Southend United .
Tom Freddy Aune ( born 3 June 1970 ) is a Norwegian former football forward and coach .
Sean MacAuley ( born 27 February 1980 in Edinburgh ) , is a Scottish football midfielder who currently plays for Preston Athletic .
Xin Feng ( Chinese : 忻峰 ; pinyin : Xīn Fēng ; born 27 May 1978 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender for Suzhou Dongwu in the China League Two .
Aidar Kumisbekov ( Kazakh : Айдар Күмісбеков , 9 February 1979 ) is a retired Kazakhstani professional footballer who played as a defender .
As a high - scoring point guard in the late 50s and early 60s , Richie Guerin was one of the most talented and best - loved players ever to wear a New York Knicks jersey .
Cristian Bărbuț ( born 22 April 1995 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Poli Timișoara .
Pille Raadik ( born 12 February 1987 ) is an Estonian football defender currently playing for Åland United in Finland 's Naistenliiga and the Estonian national team .
Deng Xiaofei ( simplified Chinese : 邓小飞 ; traditional Chinese : 鄧小飛 ; pinyin : Dèng Xiǎofēi ; born 31 May 1983 ) is a Chinese football goalkeeper , who plays for Chongqing Lifan in the China Super League .
Shawn Heins ' style of play is that of an offensive defenceman and powerplay specialist .
Paulo Henrique Rodrigues Cabral ( born 23 October 1996 in Fenais da Luz , São Miguel ) , simply Paulo Henrique , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Santa Clara as a defender .
Walid Badir ( Arabic : وليد بدير‎ , Hebrew : ואליד באדיר‎ ; born March 12 , 1974 ) is a retired Arab - Israeli football player , who played as a central defender or midfielder .
Ferid Chouchane ( Arabic : فريد شوشان‎ ) ( born 19 April 1973 in Sousse ) is a retired Tunisian football defender .
Scott Bowen ( born 20 September 1972 ) is a former Australian rugby union fly - half who represented for the Wallabies nine times between 1993 and 1996 .
Vitus Eicher ( born 5 November 1990 ) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1860 Munich in the 2 .
Leon Leuty ( 23 October 1920 -- 15 December 1955 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Ayrton Azzopardi ( born 12 September 1993 ) is a Maltese international footballer who plays for Tarxien Rainbows , as a defensive midfielder .
Jürgen Rittenauer ( born May 18 , 1986 ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1 .
Serhiy Tkachuk or Sergey Tkachuk ( Ukrainian : Сергій Володимирович Ткачук ; born 15 February 1992 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a professional Kazakhstani football goalkeeper of Ukrainian descent , who last played for professional Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Kairat .
Edgars Jeromanovs ( born April 18 , 1986 ) is a professional Latvian basketball player who plays the point guard position .
Kévin Théophile - Catherine ( born 28 October 1989 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ligue 1 team Saint - Étienne .
Milton Queiroz da Paixão , simply known as Tita ( born April 1 , 1958 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a former association footballer who played forward .
Massimiliano Ossari ( 29 April 1977 -- 22 April 2002 ) was an Italian professional footballer who plays defender .
Nicholas Guidi ( born 25 June 1983 in Viareggio , Province of Lucca ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) defender currently playing for Frosinone in Serie B.
Trevor Dance ( born 31 July 1958 ) is an English former football goalkeeper who played 84 league games in the Football League for Port Vale between 1975 and 1980 .
Blair Spittal ( born 19 December 1995 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership as a midfielder .
Đinh Thanh Trung ( born 24 January 1988 in Hà Tĩnh , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese midfielder who currently plays for QNK Quảng Nam .
Esad Dugalić ( born 1 October 1947 ) was a Bosnian football goalkeeper .
Miloš Lačný ( born 8 March 1988 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a forward , who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok .
Motti Aroesti ( born 11 August 1954 ; Tel Aviv , Israel ) is a retired Israeli basketball player who played point guard for Maccabi Tel Aviv from 1974 to 1988 .
Matteo Abbate ( born 21 August 1983 ) is an Italian footballer defender , currently playing for Pavia in Lega Pro . He started his career at Piacenza .
Andriy Hurskyi ( Ukrainian : Андрій Петрович Гурський ; born 30 August 1988 in Lviv ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last time played for Belarusian Premier League club FC Gomel .
Fábio Pereira da Cruz or simply Pereira ( born 30 July 1979 ) , is a Brazilian central defender .
Adrian Butters ( born 15 July 1988 ) is a Guyanese international soccer player who plays as a defender .
Adel Taarabt ( Arabic : عادل تاعرابت‎ / Tamaziǧt : Adil Tǎrabt-- born 24 May 1989 ) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Benfica B in Portugal and the Morocco national team as an attacking midfielder .
Lauren Gregg ( born June 20 , 1960 ) is an American soccer coach and retired soccer player who played as a defender for the United States women 's national soccer team .
Hosman Ramos ( born August 26 , 1989 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder for the National Premier Soccer League club Puerto Rico Bayamón .
Stefan Scougall ( born 7 December 1992 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for English club Sheffield United .
Oleh Lutsenko ( Ukrainian : Олег Олександрович Луценко ; born 14 February 1993 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays ol loan from FC Chornomorets Odessa for FC Hirnyk Kryvyi Rih in the Ukrainian First League .
Filip Twardzik ( born 10 February 1993 ) is a Czech footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Bolton Wanderers .
Nik Dashev ( Bulgarian : Ник Дашев ; born 13 October 1991 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing as a goalkeeper .
Anders Ohlsson is Swedish former footballer who played as a forward .
Bernard Gardon ( born 2 December 1951 in Clermont - Ferrand , Puy - de - Dôme ) is a retired football defender from France , who obtained one cap for the French national team .
Miloš Karišik ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Каришик ; born 7 October 1988 ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Czech club Slovan Liberec .
Mike Flater ( born January 22 , 1951 in Evanston , Illinois ) is a retired U.S. soccer forward who spent six seasons in the North American Soccer League .
Rabiu Afolabi ( born 18 April 1980 in Osogbo , Osun State ) , is a retired Nigerian footballer , who played as a defender .
Jan Dresler ( born March 12 , 1983 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman .
Tommy Yule ( born 27 January 1953 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a winger .
Oleksandr Musiyenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Олександрович Мусієнко ; born 7 April 1987 in Kyiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Maltese Premier League club Valletta F.C ..
Carlos Alvarado Villalobos ( born 19 December 1927 ) was a Costa Rican footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
George Mofokeng ( born 20 June 1979 in Ganyesa , North West ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender for Platinum Stars and South Africa .
Roddy Paterson ( born 23 June 1993 ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Lugar Boswell Thistle F.C. as a forward
Adi Adilović ( born February 20 , 1983 in Zenica , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian goalkeeper currently playing for Bosnian Premijer Liga side NK Čelik Zenica .
Hoàng Nhật Nam ( born 3 April 1990 in Thái Thụy , Thái Bình ) is Vietnamese footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for TP Hồ Chí Minh .
Jeff Turcotte ( born April 24 , 1969 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre who played briefly in the East Coast Hockey League ( ECHL ) and Sunshine Hockey League ( SuHL ) .
David Grigoryan ( Armenian : Դավիթ Գրիգորյան , born on 28 December 1982 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is an Armenian football defender .
Constantinos Samaras ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Σαμάρας ; born 18 May 1984 in Nicosia ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Olympiakos Nicosia on loan from Ermis Aradippou as a defender .
Yavuz Şimşek ( born 1947 in Samsun ) was a Turkish football player of Fenerbahçe between 1967 - -77 He played as a goalkeeper .
Ron McKinven ( born 8 January 1936 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a wing half , making over 250 appearances in the Scottish Football League .
Rogerio Cannellini also known as Rogerinho ( born 7 March 1979 ) is a both Brazilian and Italian footballer playing as an attacking midfielder .
Sandro Cardoso dos Santos ( born March 22 , 1980 ) , simply known as Sandro is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a role of forward .
Martin Jurtom ( born 11 March 1994 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays as a power forward and a small forward .
João Paulo Andrade ( born 6 June 1981 in Leiria ) , known as João Paulo , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEL Limassol mainly as a central defender .
Milenko Topić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миленко Топић ; born March 6 , 1969 ) is a retired Serbian basketball player who played at the power forward position .
Júlio Sérgio Bertagnoli ( Portuguese first name Júlio Sérgio , Italian surname Bertagnoli ) ( born 8 November 1978 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Comercial .
Giuseppe Baresi ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛppe baˈreːzi ) ; born 7 February 1958 ) is an Italian former footballer who spent most of his career with Internazionale as a defender or as a defensive midfielder .
Clint Peay ( born September 16 , 1973 in Columbia , Maryland ) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who was the head coach of the University of Richmond men 's soccer team .
Upendra Man Singh ( Nepali : उपेन्द्र मान सिंह ; born 1973 ) is a Nepalese former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Steve McLean is a retired Scottish - American soccer forward who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and was a member of the U.S. team at the 1981 FIFA World Youth Championship .
Lautaro Arellano ( 17 April 1997 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for River Plate .
Drissa Diakité ( born 18 February 1985 in Bamako ) is a Malian footballer who plays for Bastia in the Ligue 1 , as a Defensive midfielder or as a Right defender .
José Augusto Borges Nascimento , commonly known as Zé Augusto ( born 7 March 1959 ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder , and the current manager of Portuguesa under-20s .
Julio César Toresani ( born December 5 , 1967 in Santa Fe ) is a former Argentine football midfielder .
Yordan Marinov ( Bulgarian : Йордан Маринов ; born 23 June 1968 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Brock McPherson ( born July 24 , 1985 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Dundee CCS Stars in the Elite Ice Hockey League in the United Kingdom .
Pablo Cortizo ( born September 1 , 1989 in La Plata ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing as a defensive midfielder for FC Inter Turku in the Veikkausliiga .
Francesco Romano ( born 25 April 1960 , in Saviano ) is a retired Italian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Antoni Ramallets Simón ( 1 July 1924 -- 30 July 2013 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and also a manager .
Charles Córdoba Sánchez ( born 15 September 1982 in Carepa , Antioquia , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer who plays as forward for Xelajú in the Liga Nacional de Guatemala .
Lance Nethery ( born June 28 , 1957 in Toronto , Ontario , and raised in Burlington , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey centre and coach , and current executive .
Paul Van Himst ( born 2 October 1943 ) is a retired Belgian football forward and a football manager .
Juan José García Granero ( born 26 April 1981 in Madrid ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD San Fernando de Henares mainly as a left midfielder .
Silvester Takač ( born November 8 , 1940 in Đurđevo village near Žabalj , Danube Banovina , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian former football forward and manager .
Peter Leeuwenburgh ( born 23 March 1994 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for as a goalkeeper for Jong Ajax in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Manuel Martínez Canales ( 21 May 1928 -- 25 July 2014 ) , known as Manolín was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Iñaki Goitia Peña ( born 2 March 1982 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Samuel Baños Cardín ( born 16 August 1979 in Villaviciosa , Asturias ) , known simply as Samuel , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Marino de Luanco as a midfielder .
Guillaume Quellier ( born June 25 , 1986 in Caen ) is a French football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Federico Mattiello ( born 14 July 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Chievo on loan from Juventus .
Roman Uzdenov ( born 10 March 1979 ) is a Kazakh football coach and a former forward .
Michael Cvetkovski also Mihael Cvetkovski ( Macedonian : Мajkl Цветковски , born 21 November 1987 ) is an Australian / Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender .
Jamie Marks ( born 18 March 1977 ) is a footballer currently playing for East Belfast club Harland & Wolff Welders in the IFA Championship as a midfielder .
Kyle Wellwood ( born May 16 , 1983 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played the majority of his career in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Jajang Paliama is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Dejan Pešić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дejaн Пeшић ; born December 16 , 1976 in Vlasotince ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Völsungur in the Icelandic League 2 .
Ibrahim Tanko ( born 25 July 1977 ) is a scout and football manager , and a retired Ghana international footballer who played mostly as a forward .
Maarten Atmodikoro ( born February 4 , 1971 in Paramaribo , Suriname ) is a retired football defender from the Netherlands , who started his professional career in the 1989/1990 season for Schiedamse Voetbal Vereniging .
Percy Varco ( 17 April 1904 - 29 January 1982 ) was an English professional football centre - forward .
Igor Alves , or simply Igor , ( born April 4 , 1988 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian football ( soccer ) midfielder who currently plays for Widzew Łódź .
Steve Mandanda ( French pronunciation : ​(stɛv mɑ̃dɑ̃nda ) ; born 28 March 1985 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for French club Marseille in Ligue 1 , where he serves as first - choice captain .
Taylor Lytle ( born March 31 , 1989 ) is an American professional soccer midfielder .
Antons Jemeļins ( born 19 February 1984 in Liepāja ) is a Latvian football defender who currently plays for the Lithuanian A Lyga club FK Atlantas .
Tim Stefan Kühne ( born 15 August 1980 in Wiesbaden ) is a German football coach and former football midfielder .
Dagoberto Pelentier ( born 22 March 1983 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer nicknamed Dagoberto who currently plays as a forward for Vasco da Gama , on loan from Cruzeiro .
Paris Elia ( Greek : Πάρης Ηλία ; born January 6 , 1972 ) is a former international Cypriot football defender .
Carlos Domínguez Domínguez ( born 18 September 1976 ) , commonly known as Carlitos , is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward .
Raed Bko ( Arabic : رائد بكو ‎ ; born 8 July 1987 ) is a Syrian football player who plays as a defender for Panelefsiniakos F.C. in the Delta Ethniki .
Miralem Halilović ( born 22 July 1991 ) is a Bosnian professional basketball player who plays as a power forward and a center for KK Zagreb of the Croatian A-1 Liga .
Ashley Opperman ( born 13 January 1983 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender who plays for Hanover Park of the National First Division .
Beram Kayal ( or Biram Keyal , Arabic : بيرم كيال‎ , Hebrew : בירם כיאל‎ ; born 2 May 1988 ) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Brighton & Hove Albion and the Israel national team .
Luca Caldirola ( born 1 February 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for the Bundesliga side SV Darmstadt 98 whom he joined on 15 July 2015 on loan from Werder Bremen .
Annabel Jäger ( born 6 January 1994 ) is a German football midfielder , currently playing for Cloppenburg in the 1 .
Andre - Joël Sami ( born November 13 , 1984 in Montfermeil , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a DR Congolese international defender who currently plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem .
Milan Obradović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Обрадовић ; born 3 August 1977 ) is a Serbian retired professional footballer who played as a defender and current manager .
Dražan Jerković ( 6 August 1936 -- 9 December 2008 ) was a Croatian football forward and manager .
Soufian Benyamina ( born 2 March 1990 ) is a German football player of Algerian descent who is currently playing as a forward for Hansa Rostock in the 3 .
Mitchel Oviedo Hernández ( born July 7 , 1988 in Veracruz , Veracruz , Mexico ) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Celaya F.C. of the Ascenso MX .
Abdulrahman Mussa is a Kuwaiti football midfielder who played for Kuwait in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup .
Mamia Jikia ( born 11 December 1975 in Poti ) is a retired Georgian footballer ( midfielder ) .
Roni Visnoveski Turola or simply Roni ( born 7 July 1987 in Botucatu , is a Brazilian goalkeeper . He currently plays for Uberaba on loan from Santos .
Miodrag Todorović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миодраг Тодоровић ; born 10 September 1995 ) is a Serbian football forward who plays for Car Konstantin , on loan from Radnički Niš .
Zoran Popović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Поповић ; born 28 May 1988 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper , who plays for Voždovac .
Mai Xuân Hợp ( born 14 December 1986 in Thanh Hóa , Vietnam is Vietnamese footballer , who plays for Becamex Binh Duong F.C. as defender . He was a member of Vietnam U23 played at 2009 Southeast Asian Games . His favourite positions are centre back and full back .
Kalin Shtarkov ( Bulgarian : Калин Щърков ; born on 20 May 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Conegliano German .
Eleftherios Mertakas ( Greek : Ελευθέριος Μέρτακας ; born March 16 , 1985 in Paralimni ) is a Cypriot football defender who currently plays for Ayia Napa .
Frode Grodås ( born 24 October 1964 ) is a Norwegian football coach and former national team goalkeeper originally from Hornindal in Sogn og Fjordane .
Sinan Kurumuş ( born 2 August 1994 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a forward for Tepecikspor on loan from Beşiktaş J.K ..
Clive Colbridge is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City , Workington , Crewe Alexandra , Manchester City and Wrexham .
Evald Mikson ( Icelandic : Eðvald Hinriksson ) , ( 12 July ( O.S. 29 June ) 1911 in Tartu , Livonia , Russian Empire -- 27 December 1993 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) was a goalkeeper in the Estonian national football team , winning 7 caps between 1934 and 1938 .
Siyabonga Mpontshane ( born 17 April 1986 in Ngwavuma , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African professional footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Orlando Pirates .
Shaun Lowther ( born 24 January 1962 in North Shields , England ) is a former Canadian national soccer team defender who spent five seasons in the North American Soccer League .
Gabriel Augusto Xavier ( born 15 July 1993 ) , known as Gabriel Xavier or simply Gabriel , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Cruzeiro as an attacking midfielder .
Jorge Sáenz de Miera Colmeiro ( born 18 November 1996 ) , known simply as Jorge , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tenerife as a central defender .
Vladas Tučkus ( 1932 - 1988 ) was a Soviet Lithuanian football goalkeeper who played for Spartak Vilnius , Spartak Moscow and FK Daugava Rīga .
Božidar Urošević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Божидар Урошевић , born 9 February 1975 ) was a Serbian professional football goalkeeper .
Marion Gröbner is an Austrian football midfielder , currently playing in the German 2 .
Oliver Kovačević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Оливер Ковачевић ; born 29 October 1974 ) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Lorenzo Bucchi ( born 21 November 1983 in Rome ) is an Italian football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League .
Luis Ernesto Tapia Pérez ( born October 21 , 1944 in Panama ) is a retired football forward , who is regarded as the best player ever in Panama .
Obren Čučković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Обрен Чучковић ; born 2 May 1983 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper who plays for Bačka Bačka Palanka in the Serbian First League .
Kathlene Fernström ( born 26 August 1986 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays in the fully professional Damallsvenskan , a Swedish women league , as a defender .
Mark Rees ( born 13 October 1961 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a winger for Walsall and also had a short loan spell with Rochdale .
Hao Xingchen is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a forward for Dalian Transcendence in the China League Two .
Marian Alexandru Neagu ( born 29 October 1991 ) , simply known as Marian Neagu is a Romanian professional footballer playing for Berceni as a midfielder .
Guy Rucker ( born July 27 , 1977 in Inkster , Michigan ) is a retired professional basketball power forward who played one season in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the Golden State Warriors during the 2002 - -03 season .
Güvenç Kurtar ( born 25 July 1950 ) is a Turkish football manager and former forward who works as head coach for Adana Demirspor .
Noel Wilson ( born 24 December 1979 ) is an Indian footballer who is currently playing for Mumbai FC in the I - League in India as a midfielder .
Yves De Winter ( born 25 May 1987 ) is a Belgian football goalkeeper , who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Sint - Truiden in the Belgian Pro League .
Davies Phiri ( born 1 April 1976 in Mufulira ) is a Zambian football ( soccer ) goalkeeper who is currently goalkeeper coach for Zambia live in South Africa .
Toni Kolehmainen ( born 20 July 1988 in Oulu ) is a Finnish professional football midfielder who currently plays for HJK in Finnish Veikkausliiga .
Andreea Corduneanu ( born 26 June 1995 ) is a Romanian women 's football defender , currently playing for Olimpia Cluj .
Robert Bruce Affleck ( born May 5 , 1954 ) is a Canadian retired former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League in the 1970s .
Tarlan Guliyev ( Azerbaijani : Tərlan Quliyev , born on 19 April 1992 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an Azerbaijani football defender .
Ludovic Loustau ( born 15 August 1973 ) is a former French international rugby union footballer who played scrum - half in France 's Top 14 competition .
Carlos Ernesto Castro ( born 24 September 1978 ) is a retired Ecuadorian international defender .
Renato Zaccarelli ( born 18 January 1951 ) is a former Italian professional footballer and manager who played as a midfielder .
Alfred Manning was a footballer who played as a forward for Port Vale and Shildon in the 1920s .
Wayne Yates , a 6'8 center from North Little Rock High School in North Little Rock , Arkansas , first enrolled at New Mexico State University in 1956 .
Tefu Mashamaite ( born 27 September 1984 in Bochum , Transvaal ) is a South African association football player who plays as a defender for BK Hacken in the Allsvenskan in Sweden .
Asmir Begović ( born 20 June 1987 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Chelsea and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team , for which he is vice - captain .
Daniele Capelli ( born 20 June 1986 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Cesena in Italy 's Serie B. Deemed surplus to requirements before the 2009 - -10 season , he was loaned to Serie B side Reggina .
Oldřich Pařízek ( born 24 March 1972 ) is a retired football goalkeeper who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia and Belgium .
Ronny Kockel ( born December 16 , 1975 in Räckelwitz ) is a German football goalkeeper , who previously managed KFC Uerdingen with Erhan Albayrak .
Jamie Maclaren ( born 29 July 1993 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a centre forward for A - League club Brisbane Roar .
Kyle Patten is a Welsh professional football midfielder .
Angel Krstev ( born December 15 , 1980 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Lukko of the Finnish SM - liiga .
Anatole Ndriamparany ( born 1984 ) is Malagasy football goalkeeper .
Francisco Javier García Verdugo Garrido ( born 6 July 1934 ) , known as García Verdugo , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender , and a current manager .
Keelin Winters ( born December 9 , 1988 ) is an American professional association football midfielder who currently plays for the Western Sydney Wanderers in the Australian W - League on loan from Seattle Reign FC of the NWSL .
Đorđe Vujkov ( born August 19 , 1955 in Lok , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former Serbian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Urfan Abbasov ( Azerbaijani : Ürfan Abbasov;born 14 October 1992 ) is an Azerbaijani football defender who plays for Gabala FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Gábor Korolovszky ( born 11 July 1979 ) is a Hungarian defender who current is free agent .
Nicolai Næss ( born 18 January 1993 ) is a Norwegian football defender who currently plays for Norwegian First Division side Stabæk .
Atila Kasaš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Атила Касаш ; Hungarian : Attila Kaszas ; born 21 September 1968 in Bečej ) is a retired Serbian professional football forward of Hungarian origin .
Kampamba Chintu ( born 28 December 1980 , Kabwe ) is a Zambian football defender , who is currently a free agent .
Fernand Boone ( 1 August 1934 -- 11 September 2013 ) was a Belgian football goalkeeper who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1967 while at Club Brugge .
Neil Ayrton ( born February 11 , 1962 in Lewisham ) , is a former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Craig Oldfield ( born 24 November 1963 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Colchester United .
Alex José da Cruz ( born January 11 , 1985 in Fátima do Sul ) simply known as Alex Cruz a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
Diego Neves de Jesus ( born 13 June 1986 in Serra ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward .
Alexander Domínguez Carabalí ( born June 5 , 1987 in Tachina , Esmeraldas ) is an Ecuadorian football goalkeeper who plays for LDU Quito .
Brandi McCain ( born September 21 , 1979 ) is a former American college and professional basketball player who was a guard in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) for a single season in 2002 .
Alessandro Florenzi ( Italian pronunciation : ( alesˈsandro floˈrɛntsi ) ; born 11 March 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder or as a full - back for Serie A club Roma and the Italian national team .
Dirceu Wiggers de Oliveira Filho ( born 5 January 1988 ) , simply known as Dirceu , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.S. Marítimo as a central defender .
Almir Lopes de Luna , or simply Almir ( born 20 May 1982 in João Pessoa ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Flamengo , on loan from Bangu .
Gyula Grosics ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɟulɒ ˈɡroʃit͡ʃ ) ; Croatia : Đula Grošić 4 February 1926 -- 13 June 2014 ) was a Hungarian football goalkeeper of Croatian descent who played 86 times for the Hungary national football team and was part of the `` Golden Team '' of the 1950s .
Joakim Våge Nilsen ( born 24 April 1991 ) is a Norwegian football defender who will be playing for Odd in the Norwegian Premier League from January 2016 .
Charles Micallef ( born 6 July 1960 in Malta ) was a professional footballer , during his career he played for Żurrieq , where he played as a midfielder .
David Phillips Jones more commonly known as ' Ponty ' Jones ( 10 December 1881 -- 9 January 1936 ) was a Welsh international rugby union wing player who played club rugby for several teams , most notably Pontypool and London Welsh .
Emiljano Shehu ( born 10 June 1998 ) , is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Greek club Platanias and the Albania national under-19 football team .
Mohd Amirul Hadi Zainal born in Alor Gajah , Malacca but grew up in Klang , Selangor is a Malaysian footballer who is currently an center midfielder for Johor Darul Takzim FC in Malaysia Super League .
David Concha Salas ( born 20 November 1996 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Numancia on loan from Real Sociedad as a left winger or forward .
Pedro Filipe Barbosa Moreira ( born 20 December 1992 in Cristelo , Paredes ) , aka Pedrinho , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Freamunde as a midfielder .
Keidi Bare ( born 28 August 1997 ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spanish club Atlético Madrid youth team and the Albania national under-19 football team .
Samir Abbasov ( born 1 February 1978 ) is a retired Azerbaijani football defender and current manager of Sumgayit FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Gabriel Gervais ( born September 18 , 1976 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a retired defender who played for the Montreal Impact and Canada .
Danilo Pires Costa ( born 21 March 1992 in São Luís , Maranhão ) , known as Danilo Pires , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Atlético Mineiro , on loan from Corinthians - AL .
Baye Ass Djibril Sarr ( born 8 November 1990 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for C.D. Aves mainly as a forward .
Bill Joyce ( born 8 April 1877 in Prestonpans ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward .
Vladislav Yamukov ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Владислав Ямуков ) ( born 22 Мarch 1980 ) is a Bulgarian football defender , who currently plays for Zagorets Nova Zagora .
Ivaylo Ivanov ( Bulgarian : Ивайло Иванов ; born 8 December 1974 ) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper , who works as goalkeeper coach for Litex Lovech
Welliton Soares de Morais , or simply Welliton , ( born 22 October 1986 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu in Turkey , as a forward .
José Leonardo Morales Lares ( born 7 July 1978 in El Tigre ) is a Venezuelan football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Carabobo FC and the Venezuela national team ( for third goalkeeper , behind Renny Vega and Rafael Romo ) .
Andres Gurrieri ( born 3 July 1989 ) is a footballer midfielder who plays for Tristán Suárez in the Argentine Primera B.
Jean - Luc Ettori ( born 29 July 1955 in Marseille , Bouches - du - Rhône ) is a retired French footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Jordon Forster ( born 23 September 1993 ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a defender for Plymouth Argyle , on loan from Hibernian .
Luíz Carlos Martins Moreira ( born 5 July 1985 ) , simply known as Luíz Carlos is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Sporting de Braga .
Ingvar Jónsson ( born 18 October 1989 ) is an Icelandic football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Sandnes Ulf on loan from Start .
Goran Djuricin ( born 16 October 1974 in Vienna ) is an Austrian former football forward , currently manager of Ebreichsdorf .
Frank Wiafe Danquah ( born 14 October 1989 ) is a Dutch footballer of Ghanaian descent who plays as a forward .
Reg Cutler ( 17 February 1935 -- 5 May 2012 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger .
Walter Rozitsky was a Polish football player with a French passport , who played the positions of midfielder and defender .
Feliz Edgar Neto Vaz ( born 9 April 1989 in Vizela , Braga District ) , known simply as Feliz , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Famalicão as a forward .
Mário Fernando Ribeiro Pacheco Nobre ( born 22 September 1925 ) , Portuguese footballer who played as a forward .
Marco Gentile ( born 24 August 1968 , The Hague ) is a Dutch professional footballer who played as a central defender for Burnley in the Football League .
Bobby Hannah was a Scottish professional football defender who played for Aberdeen .
Christian Sukke ( born 21 January 1993 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sogndal on loan from Sarpsborg 08 .
Jerry Kazarian is a retired Armenian - American soccer forward who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League .
Brett Benzio born April 27 , 1990 , is an American basketball center for the Tulane University Green Wave .
James Sangala ( born 20 August 1986 ) is a Malawian international footballer who plays for Angolan club side Primeiro de Agosto , as a defender .
Jeff Zaun ( born April 2 , 1971 in Orange , New Jersey ) is a retired American soccer defender who is currently an assistant coach with the Rutgers University men 's soccer team .
Fevzi Tuncay ( born 14 September 1977 in Muğla ) is a Turkish football retired goalkeeper .
Bernd Brückler ( born August 26 , 1981 in Graz , Austria ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Djamel Menad ( Arabic : جمال مناد‎ ; born 22 July 1960 in El Bayadh ) is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a forward , and a current manager .
Andrea Raggi ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈdrɛa ˈraddʒi ) ; born 24 June 1984 ) is an Italian football defender , currently playing for AS Monaco FC .
Martin Munnelly is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USISL .
Carlo Evertz ( born 1 August 1990 in Germany ) is a professional football midfielder who plays for La Calamine in the Belgian Third Division .
Miloš Čudić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милош Чудић ; born 21 August 1996 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Žarkovo , on loan from SuperLiga club Rad .
Justin Booty ( born 2 June 1976 ) is an English former footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Colchester United .
Vaiola Tiere ( born 25 July 1977 ) in the Cook Islands is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Lewis McLear ( born 26 May 1996 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Stirling Albion , on loan from St. Mirren , as a midfielder .
Mohd Anis Faron bin Ahmad Arsidi or better known as Mohd Anis Faron ( born 9 November 1982 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Stanislav Hristov ( Bulgarian : Станислав Христов ) ( born 28 September 1990 ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing for Spartak Varna as a defender .
Peter Simonini ( born January 19 , 1957 in Somerville , Massachusetts ) was an American soccer goalkeeper who was the 1983 American Soccer League MVP .
Njego Pesa is a former Yugoslavian - American soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Leung Kam Fai ( Chinese : 梁金輝 ; Jyutping : loeng4 gam1 fai1 , born 17 July 1986 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong footballer who played as a defender for Shatin .
Vladimír Kováč ( born 29 April 1991 in Bojnice ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the German 2 .
Guillermo Jara ( born October 20 , 1973 in Sacramento , California ) was an American soccer forward who played four seasons in Major League Soccer .
Amir Sayoud ( Arabic : أمير سعيود‎ ) ( born 31 August 1990 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for DRB Tadjenanet in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Patrik Carlgren ( born 8 January 1992 in Falun ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for AIK as a goalkeeper .
Jovana Sretenović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јована Сретеновић ; born 4 February 1986 ) is a Serbian football player who played as a forward for Sloga Zemun , Mašinac Niš in the Serbian First League , SFK 2000 , Olympia Sofia , and now plays for Elpides Karditsas .
Cameron Burgess is an Australian footballer who plays as a central or left defender for English club Cheltenham Town on loan from Fulham and is part of the Australian Olyroos team .
Pierre Jamin ( born 13 March 1987 ) is a French midfielder currently playing for Championnat de France amateur ( CFA ) Group C side Les Herbiers .
Vladimir Manolkov ( Bulgarian : Владимир Манолков ; born 8 December 1974 ) is a Bulgarian former football goalkeeper .
Jérôme Sykora ( born April 14 , 1971 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Lazar Zličić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазар Зличић ; born 7 February 1997 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Proleter Novi Sad on loan from Vojvodina .
Warundeep Singh is an Indian football player who plays as defender .
Anton Khromykh ( born 23 May 1982 ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Real Pharma Odesa .
Fabián Slančík ( born 22 September 1991 ) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club Spartak Myjava , on loan from FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Daniel Santa Cruz Ferreira Almeida ( born 22 April 1984 ) , simply known as Daniel Almeida is a Portuguese professional footballer playing for Oriental as a defender .
Marius Postolache ( born 11 February 1984 in Timişoara ) is a Romanian football player who currently plays in Liga I for Voința Sibiu as a midfielder .
José Jorquera Gutiérrez ( born 1 April 1991 ) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for the Chilean Primera División club Cobresal as goalkeeper .
John Gahagan ( born 24 August 1958 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a left winger .
Victor Manosalvas ( born 14 December 1992 ) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the New York Red Bulls II in the USL .
Demetris Economou ( Greek : Δημήτρης Οικονόμου ; born 10 November 1992 in Paralimni ) is a Cypriot football defender who currently plays for Anorthosis Famagusta and the Cyprus national under-21 football team .
Luiz Carlos de Souza Pinto Junior or just Luiz Carlos ( born 31 August 1980 ) is a Brazilian professional football forward .
Cyprian Stanley Okoroigwe ( born 1 October 1982 ) is an Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward .
Ndonga Mianga ( born 2 May 1992 ) is a Democratic Republic of the Congolese footballer , who currently plays for TP Mazembe as a midfielder .
Jesse Marsch ( born November 8 , 1973 ) is an American soccer coach and retired player midfielder , currently serving as head coach of the New York Red Bulls .
Roman Dorosh ( Ukrainian : Роман Ігорович Дорош ; born 1 January 1987 in Kyiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Roberto Tobe Belope ( born 14 July 1984 ) , simply known as Tobe , is an Equatoguinean futsal player who plays for Carlisport Cogianco as a defender .
Serge Roy ( born June 25 , 1962 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman and Olympian .
Crispin Olando ( born 3 January 1988 ) is a Kenyan international footballer who plays professionally as a midfielder .
Jean Patrick Reis ( born 25 June 1992 ) , commonly known as Jean Patrick , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or right back for Brasileirão Série A club Vasco da Gama on loan from Luverdense .
Martin Kavdanski ( Bulgarian : Мартин Кавдански ; born 13 February 1987 in Dupnitsa ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Lokomotiv Plovdiv .
Martina Moser is a Swiss football midfielder , currently playing for TSG Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga .
Paul Milone is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Martin Toshev ( Bulgarian : Мартин Тошев ; born 15 August 1990 in Krupnik ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who plays as a forward for Pirin Blagoevgrad .
Douglas Franco Teixeira ( born 12 January 1988 ) , simply known as Douglas , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Trabzonspor , as a centre back .
Fiorin Durmishaj ( born 14 November 1996 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Football League side Kallithea .
Agustín Alayes ( born 22 July 1978 in La Plata ) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as defender .
Fredrik Persson ( born 20 February 1983 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Borger Thomas ( born 15 February 1995 ) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for HamKam , on loan from Strømsgodset Toppfotball .
Ricardo Alonso was a soccer player who began as a forward before moving to defender later in his career .
Yamon Figurs ( born January 10 , 1983 ) is a former Canadian football wide receiver and return specialist .
Marco Haber ( born 21 September 1971 in Grünstadt ) is a retired German footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder .
Zlatan Alomerović ( German pronunciation : ( ˈzlaˈtaːn ˈaloːˈmɐˌɔvɪtʃ ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Златан Аломеровић ; born 15 June 1991 ) is a Serbian - German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the German 2 .
Bafo Biyela ( 11 January 1981 -- 17 September 2012 ) was a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder who last played for Thanda Royal Zulu .
Athiel Mbaha ( born 5 December 1976 in Windhoek ) is a Namibian football goalkeeper with United Africa Tigers .
Syd Roberts ( born March 1911 ) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward .
Jamel Zahiri ( born November 8 , 1985 in Les Pavillons - sous - Bois ) is a French - born Moroccan football forward .
Miodrag Mitrović ( born 14 July 1991 ) is a Swiss association football goalkeeper who plays for Krka .
Anatoliy Oprya ( born 25 November 1977 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Josh Wicks ( born November 1 , 1983 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper .
Mojtaba Ensafi ( Persian : مجتبی انصافی‎ , June 6 , 1982 ) is an Iranian football defender , who plays for Sang Ahan .
Vilson Xavier de Menezes Júnior ( born 3 April 1989 in São Gonçalo , Rio de Janeiro ) , simply known as Vilson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Corinthians on loan from SEV Hortolândia .
Frankie Micallef ( born 3 September 1945 ) was a Maltese international footballer who played for Floriana , as a midfielder .
George Bray ( 11 November 1918 -- 13 February 2002 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Shaun Bodiford ( born May 4 , 1982 , in Federal Way , Washington ) is a former American football wide receiver .
Behrouz Soltani ( Persian : بهروز سلطانی‎ ) born December 31 , 1957 in Tehran , Iran is a retired Iranian goalkeeper .
Andreas Wessels ( born July 6 , 1964 ) is a retired German football goalkeeper .
Francisco Javier Reyes Acosta ( born 7 February 1990 in La Ceiba , Honduras ) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Club Deportivo Victoria .
Reynaldo Parks Pérez ( born December 4 , 1974 ) is a retired international Costa Rican football defender .
Necmettin Imac ( born February 18 , 1987 in Amsterdam ) is a midfielder who is currently playing for Cambuur Leeuwarden .
Christophe Bertjens ( born 5 January 1993 in Belgium ) is a professional football midfielder .
Najib Ammari ( born 10 April 1992 ) is an Algerian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Latina in Serie B.
Jeff Stock ( born August 1 , 1960 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who spent five seasons in the North American Soccer League and two in the Western Soccer Alliance .
Jiao Fengbo ( Chinese:焦凤波 ) ( born July 23 , 1983 in Tianjin ) is a Chinese football player who plays as a defender .
Radek Hochmeister ( born 6 September 1982 ) is a professional football defender who has played in the Czech First League for various clubs .
Guilherme Mascarenhas Santana , the Guilherme born in the Brasília is a midfielder .
Sebastián Prediger ( born September 4 , 1986 in Crespo , Entre Ríos ) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for Belgrano .
Leobardo López García ( September 4 , 1983 ) is a Mexican football defender .
Honorine Corbel ( born 11 May 1994 ) is a football defender , currently playing for En Avant Guingamp in the French First Division .
Ümit Kurt played 35 matches with MKE Ankaragücü and managed to score 2 goals playing as a center back defender .
Pavel Marinov ( Bulgarian : Павел Маринов ) ( born June 12 , 1988 ) is a Bulgarian professional basketball small forward who currently plays for Dinamo București .
Giuseppe Moro ( 16 January 1921 -- 28 January 1974 ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player , who played as a goalkeeper .
Roger José de Noronha Silva , or simply Roger is a Brazilian football goalkeeper .
Luiz Carlos Ferreira , best known as Luizinho ( born in Nova Lima , Minas Gerais , Brasil , October 22 , 1958 ) is a former association football player in defender role .
Yaroslav Kinash ( Ukrainian : Ярослав Ростиславович Кінаш ; born 16 April 1988 in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Silvio Marić ( born 20 March 1975 ) is a retired Croatian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Edward Weah Dixon ( born May 8 , 1976 in Monrovia ) is a Liberian - French footballer ( midfielder ) playing currently for Thouars Foot 79 .
Peter Friis Jensen ( born May 2 , 1988 ) is a Danish professional football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Danish club Viborg FF .
Kirk Furey ( born January 28 , 1976 in Glace Bay , Nova Scotia ) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman who is currently an assistant coach of EC KAC of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Oliveti Vai is an Tongan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Veitongo and the Tonga national football team .
Ali Msarri Rashid Abdullah Al Dhahri ( Arabic : علي مسري راشد عبد الله الظاهري‎ ) is a UAE football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defender for Al Dhafra S.C.C. in the UAE Pro - League .
George Boote ( 1878 -- 1930 ) was an English football goalkeeper who played in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale and Stoke .
Paul Warhurst ( born 26 September 1969 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender , midfielder or as a makeshift striker from 1987 to 2007 .
Shawn McNeil ( born March 17 , 1978 ) is a professional ice hockey centre .
Taner Ari ( born 29 May 1987 ) is an Austrian footballer of Turkish descent who plays for Kastamonuspor 1966 as a defender .
Venio Losert ( born 25 July 1976 ) is a Croatian team handball player who plays at the goalkeeper position .
Jules Basile Onambele ( born April 11 , 1982 ) is a Cameroonian footballers who currently plays in midfielder for Persin Sinjai .
Riccardo Maniero ( born 26 November 1987 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Bari , as a forward .
Sébastien Morel , born 21 January 1981 in Vichy ( Allier ) , is a French rugby union and sevens player who plays as a centre for Stade rochelais ( 1.80 m , 88 kg ) .
Kevin Koetters ( born September 11 , 1968 in Quincy , Illinois ) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent most of his career in the U.S. indoor leagues as well as one with the Kansas City Wiz in Major League Soccer , one in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USISL .
Ernesto Gómez Gómez ( born 26 April 1985 ) , known simply as Ernesto , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Mario Velarde Velázquez ( 29 March 1940 -- 19 August 1997 ) was a Mexican football midfielder , who played for the Selección de fútbol de México ( Mexico national team ) between 1962 and 1972 .
Sebastian Selke ( born 22 February 1974 ) is retired a Germany football goalkeeper .
Kateryna Samson is an Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for Zvezda Perm in the Russian Championship .
Pavol Pavlus ( born 22 June 1974 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia , Russia and Austria .
Attilio Trerè ( 9 October 1887 -- 2 January 1943 ) was an Italian professional footballer , who played as a midfielder and , in his early years , as a goalkeeper .
Bryan Jiménez González ( born 22 January 1994 ) is a Dominican footballer who plays for Atlántico FC and the Dominican Republic national team as a right winger or forward .
Joaquim Pereira da Silva ( born 19 November 1974 ) , known as Martelinho , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right winger .
Dell Matthews ( birthdate unknown ) was a Negro Leagues pitcher for a few years before the founding of the first Negro National League .
Kevin Tumba ( born February 23 , 1991 ) is a Belgian - DR Congolese professional basketball player who usually plays at the center position .
Artem Bobukh ( Ukrainian : Артем Олександрович Бобух ; born 4 December 1988 in Sumy , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football defender who is currently playing for Belshina Bobruisk .
Milan Jurčina ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmɪlan jurˈt͡ʃɪna ) ; born June 7 , 1983 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Jessie Brewer R.N. ( maiden name Murray ) is a fictional character from the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital .
Shikhandi ( Sanskrit : शिखंडी , Śikhaṇḍī ; Indonesian , Srikandi ) is a character in the Hindu epic , the Mahabharata .
Michael Cambias is a fictional character in the American daytime drama All My Children .
Murasaki refers to both the heroine of the Genji Monogatari ( The Tale of Genji ) , and the book 's author , Murasaki Shikibu .
Hareton Earnshaw is a character in Emily Brontë 's novel Wuthering Heights .
Kevin Bernard is a fictional character on the TV crime drama Law & Order , portrayed by Anthony Anderson .
Spy Changers are a sub - line of toys / characters which first appeared in the 2000 - 2001 Transformers Robots in Disguise ( RiD ) toy line .
Morris O'Brian is a fictional character from the TV series 24 .
Davos Seaworth ( aka `` the Onion Knight '' ) is a fictional character from George R. R. Martin 's A Song of Ice and Fire .
Sheleph means `` drawing out '' or `` who draws out '' ( Hitchcock 's Bible Dictionary ) .
Deborah Fiderer is a fictional character in the NBC television series The West Wing .
Dogmatix is a fictional character , a tiny white terrier dog who belongs to Obelix in the Asterix comics .
Archie Johnson is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , portrayed by Archie Kao .
Amber Kalirai is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Coronation Street , played by Nikki Patel , the character first appeared on - screen during the episode airing on 9 November 2005 .
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , shortened Hogwarts , is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen , and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
Ellen Lowell ( previously Cole and Stewart ) is a fictional character from the American daytime soap opera As the World Turns .
Carly Snyder ( maiden name Tenney ; formerly Lowe , Munson , and Dixon ) is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera As the World Turns .
Kara Thrace ( callsign `` Starbuck '' ) is a fictional character in the reimagined Battlestar Galactica series .
Ciaran McCarthy is a fictional character from the UK television ITV soap opera , Coronation Street portrayed by Keith Duffy .
Kieran Mitchell is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by British actor Adam Rickitt through numerous high profile storylines from early 2007 to mid-2010 .
Edgar Stiles is a fictional character played by Louis Lombardi in the American television series 24 .
Selina Roberts ( née Cook ) is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away , played by Tempany Deckert .
Camille Montes Rivero is a fictional character in the 2008 James Bond film Quantum of Solace portrayed by actress Olga Kurylenko .
Archie Hallam is a fictional character from the soap opera , Doctors .
Clare Devine ( previously Cunningham ) is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks , played by actresses Gemma Bissix and Samantha Rowley .
Tommy Hyatt is a fictional character in the film Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore and the television sitcom Alice .
Daniel Meade is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty , portrayed by Eric Mabius .
Pemberley is the fictional country estate owned by Fitzwilliam Darcy , the male protagonist in Jane Austen 's novel Pride and Prejudice .
Devon Hamilton is a fictional character from the original CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless .
Sylvanas Windrunner appears as a playable character in the crossover game Heroes of the Storm , having been introduced in a March 2015 patch during the game 's closed beta .
Massimo Marone IV is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful .
Raoul Duke is the fictional character and antihero based on Hunter S. Thompson in his autobiographical novel Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas .
The Moloko Plus , also called Knifey Moloko is a highball cocktail drink from the book A Clockwork Orange .
Perceptor was one of the known pre-1986 Autobots to survive The Transformers : The Movie , along with Jazz , Cliffjumper , Bumblebee , Blaster , Cosmos , Seaspray , Beachcomber , Warpath , Powerglide , Omega Supreme , the Aerialbots , the Protectobots , and the Dinobots .
Riphath ( Hebrew : ריפת ) was Gomer 's second son according to the Table of Nations in the Hebrew Bible ( Gen. 10:3 , 1 Chronicles 1:6 ) .
Most of what is known about Jeconiah is found in the Hebrew Bible .
Ida Barlow ( née Leathers ) is a fictional character from the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street , she was played by actress Noel Dyson between 1960 and 1961 .
Terry Inglis ( previously Miller and Robinson ) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours played by Maxine Klibingaitis .
This Mirkwood features significantly in The Hobbit and in the film The Hobbit :
Maugrim is a fictional wolf , a servant of the White Witch in the book The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe by C. S. Lewis .
Nash Brennan is a fictional character on the American daytime drama One Life to Live , played by Forbes March from July 7 , 2005 to June 5 , 2008 , and then briefly from June 6 , 2008 to July 16 , 2008 .
Micah Sanders , portrayed by Noah Gray - Cabey , is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and the newer Heroes Reborn .
In 2003 , Waterdeep and Undermountain served as part of the setting for the Neverwinter Nights computer role playing game expansion , Neverwinter Nights : Hordes of the Underdark , appearing in the first levels of the game .
Ābols upē is a 1974 Latvian film .
Fiction Franck Cassenti , L'Affiche Rouge ( 1976 ) Robert Guédiguian , L'Armée Du Crime ( 2009 ) Documentary Stéphane Courtois and Mosco Boucault , Des terroristes à la retraite ( 1983 ) Pascal Convert ( French ) , Mont - Valérien , aux noms des fusillés Denis Peschanski ( French ) --
Daddy , I 'm a Zombie ( Spanish : Papá , soy una zombi ) is a 2011 Spanish animated comedy - drama film .
Sloppy the Psychotic is a 2012 American horror film directed by Mike O'Mahony which follows a children 's birthday party clown who suffers a mental breakdown and embarks on a psychotic killing spree .
Hochwürden erbt das Paradies is a 1993 German comedy television film .
The Rubber Room is a 2010 documentary film about the reassignment centers run by the New York City Department of Education , which the filmmakers claim exist in various forms in school districts across the United States .
ABC Sports Indy Racing is a racing computer game made in 1997 .
`` 99 Luftballons '' ( German : Neunundneunzig Luftballons , `` 99 balloons '' ) is an anti - war protest song by the German band Nena from their 1983 self - titled album .
Guardian Cherubs is a 2-dimensional puzzle video game developed by Markan Saha , and was released for the iPhone and the iPad in 2012 .
The Crazy Kids of the War ( Italian : La Feldmarescialla , French : La grosse pagaille ) is a 1967 Italian - French musicarello film directed by Steno .
Night Mail is a 1936 documentary film about a London , Midland and Scottish Railway ( LMS ) mail train from London to Scotland , produced by the GPO Film Unit .
The House on Pine Street is a 2015 independent psychological drama - horror film written by Aaron Keeling , Austin Keeling , and Natalie Jones , and directed by Aaron Keeling and Austin Keeling .
Dirty Wars is a 2013 American documentary film , which accompanies the book Dirty Wars :
Ee Bandhana ( Kannada : ಈ ಬಂಧನ ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada family - drama film written , directed and co - produced by Vijayalakshmi Singh .
Hafalan Shalat Delisa ( Delisa 's Salat Recitation ) is 2011 Indonesian drama film which was released on December 22 , 2011 .
Panggilan Darah ( Indonesian for Call of Blood ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) written and directed by Sutan Usman Karim and produced by Tjho Seng Han for Oriental Film .
Silent Fall is a 1994 mystery film about a boy with autism who is the only witness to a savage double murder .
The Ring Two is a 2005 American psychological horror film , and a sequel to the 2002 film The Ring , which was a remake of the 1998 Japanese film Ringu .
Don Q , Son of Zorro is the 1925 sequel to the 1920 silent film The Mark of Zorro .
Brazil at War is a 1943 propaganda short documentary film produced by the Office of War Information and the Office of the Coordinator of Inter - American Affairs .
The Treasure Knights and the Secret of Melusina ( Luxembourgish : D'Schatzritter an d'Geheimnis vum Melusina ) is a 2012 German - Luxembourgian children 's film .
Singapore Dreaming ( simplified Chinese : 美满人生 ; traditional Chinese : 美滿人生 ; pinyin : Měimǎn Rénshēng ) is a 2006 film set in Singapore .
In Song and Dance is a 1964 Australian documentary about the Northern Territory Eisteddfodd held between July 4 - 13 , 1964 .
Red Line 7000 is a 1965 American motion picture released by Paramount Pictures .
I Cover Big Town is a 1947 American drama film directed by William C. Thomas and written by Maxwell Shane .
Arthur Takes Over is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and written by Mauri Grashin .
The Nuttiest Nutcracker is a 1999 direct - to - video Christmas film loosely based on the classic tale The Nutcracker , directed by Harold Harris , starring the voices of James Belushi , Cheech Marin , and Phyllis Diller .
Pune Via Bihar ( Devanagari : पुणे via बिहार ) set to release on 31 January 2014 , is an Indian Marathi language film .
Kitturiaq is a 2013 Canadian documentary film by Frank Wolf that follows two friends on a remote 620 km wilderness canoe journey over the vast Labrador Plateau .
Singin ' the Blues is the 1956 debut album by blues performer B.B. King on the Bihari brothers ' Crown label .
The Pool Boys , also known as American Summer , is a 2011 comedy film directed by James B. Rogers .
A Woman Called Golda is a 1982 American made - for - television film biopic of Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir .
The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl is a 1991 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl .
Parijatha is a 2012 Indian Kannada romantic film directed by Prabhu Srinivas .
Ek Thi Reeta ( A Girl Called Reeta ) is a 1971 Bollywood action comedy thriller , produced and directed by Roop K. Shorey .
It Comes Up Love is a 1943 American , black and white , musical comedy starring Gloria Jean , Ian Hunter , and Donald O'Connor .
Yitzhak Rabin : a Biography is a 2004 two - part documentary film that tells the life story of the former Israeli Prime Minister and Nobel Laureates , Yitzhak Rabin .
Strawberry Shortcake and the Baby Without a Name is an animated television special from 1984 , produced by Nelvana .
Until September is a 1984 romantic drama film .
A Wedding for Bella ( formerly titled The Bread , My Sweet ) is a 2001 motion picture that told the story of a successful businessman who trades in his single lifestyle to marry the estranged daughter of a terminally ill elderly woman whom he loves like a mother .
Spirit of the Marathon II is a 2013 documentary film directed by Jon Dunham , and the sequel to the 2008 film , Spirit of the Marathon .
Love Always , Carolyn is a 2011 English - language Swedish documentary film written and directed by Malin Korkeasalo and Maria Ramström .
Eeramana Rojave ( Tamil : ஈரமான ரோஜாவே ) is a 1991 Indian Tamil film , directed and produced by Keyaar .
Trisha Illana Nayanthara ( If not Trisha , then Nayanthara ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil adult comedy film written and directed by Adhik Ravichandran .
Bobbili Yuddham is a 1964 Telugu , historical epic war film , produced and directed by C. Seetaram .
Positive I.D. is a 1987 American crime film written and directed by Andy Anderson .
L'altra faccia del padrino ( internationally released as The Funny Face of the Godfather ) is a 1973 Italian parody film directed by Franco Prosperi .
Otan leipei i gata ( Greek : Όταν λείπει η γάτα ) is a 1962 Greek comedy film made by Finos Films .
A Song a Day is a 1936 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and featuring Grampy .
Stalag 17 is a 1953 war film which tells the story of a group of American airmen held in a German World War II prisoner of war camp , who come to suspect that one of their number is an informant .
Advance to the Rear is a light - hearted 1964 American western comedy film set in the American Civil War .
Bells of Innocence is 2003 Christian film directed by Alin Bijan and written by Chris Bessey .
Dil Vil Pyar Vyar ( Hindi : दिल विल प्यार व्यार ) is a 2002 Bollywood romantic drama film .
Dig It ! is a jazz album by The Red Garland Quintet , recorded in 1957 and 1958 but not released until 1962 on the Prestige label as PRLP 7229 .
Somberi is a 2008 Telugu Movie directed , written by renowned poet Jonnavithula .
Chained for Life is a 1951 exploitation film featuring the famous conjoined ( `` Siamese '' ) Hilton Twins , Daisy and Violet .
Planet Raptor is a 2007 science - fiction made - for - television film directed by Gary Jones .
The Fremantle Conspiracy is a 1992 Australian mini series based on the 1876 escape by some Fenians from Fremantle Gaol .
The Gambler 's Charm is a 1910 silent short film drama produced by the Lubin Manufacturing Company and distributed through General Film Company .
Nallathambi ( Tamil : நல்லதம்பி ) is a 1949 Tamil film starring and produced by N. S. Krishnan .
Desperate Teenage Lovedolls is a 1984 low budget underground film , shot on super-8 film by David Markey , about a rock band of teenage runaways .
A Man Who Was Superman ( Hangul : 슈퍼맨이었던 사나이 ; RR : Syupeomaen - ieotteon sanai ) is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Jeong Yoon - chul .
Zeta One is a 1970 British comedy science fiction film directed by Michael Cort and starring James Robertson Justice , Charles Hawtrey and Robin Hawdon .
Sadie Thompson is a 1928 American silent drama film that tells the story of a `` fallen woman '' who comes to Pago Pago on the island of Tutuila to start a new life , but encounters a zealous missionary who wants to force her back to her former life in San Francisco .
The Lead Singer and Dancer and His Woman ( Chinese : 伞头和他的女人 ) is a 2015 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Niu Jianrong .
The Story of the Kelly Gang is a 1906 Australian silent film that traces the life of legendary bushranger and outlaw Ned Kelly ( 1854 - -1880 ) .
Traces of Death is a 1993 direct - to - video , Z movie shockumentary that consists of various scenes of stock footage depicting death and real scenes of violence .
7 Women , also known as Seven Women , is a 1966 film drama made by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Complexo - Universo Paralelo is a 2011 Portuguese documentary film about life in the most dangerous favela in Rio de Janeiro , Complexo do Alemão , directed by Mário Patrocínio .
Our Country Cousin is a 1914 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle .
Adventures of the Flying Cadets is a 13-episode 1943 Universal film serial .
A Árvore dos Sexos is a 1977 Brazilian pornochanchada film directed by Silvio de Abreu .
Polleke is a 2003 Dutch family film , based on the children 's book by Guus Kuijer .
`` Jag mår illa '' is a song written by Magnus Uggla and Anders Henriksson , and recorded by Magnus Uggla on his 1989 studio album 35-åringen .
A Christmas Horror Story is a 2015 anthology horror film that was directed by Grant Harvey , Steven Hoban , and Brett Sullivan .
Sankhagaanam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film , directed by PA Bakker and produced by Salam Karassery .
Dwaar ( Assamese : দুৱাৰ , The Voyage out ) is a 2013 Assamese drama film directed by Bidyut Chakravarty , with his own screenplay , and produced by Sanjive Narain and Bidyut Chakravarty himself .
Rungoli ( Hindi : रंगोली ; Urdu : رنگولی‎ ; translation : A Colourful Pattern of Life , also transliterated as Rangoli ) is a 1962 Black - and - white Romance comedy Hindi film directed by Amar Kumar .
Assata aka Joanne Chesimard is a 2008 biographical film directed by Fred Baker .
Los martes , orquídeas ( On Tuesdays , Orchids ) is a 1941 Argentine black and white comedy film which won the Argentine Best Picture award for 1941 .
In a Savage Land is a 1999 Australian film set in New Guinea just prior to and during World War Two .
Hilltop Hospital is a claymation children 's television programme made in 1999 .
Last Days Here is a 2011 American documentary film featuring Bobby Liebling , lead singer of the American heavy metal band Pentagram .
Mountaintop Motel Massacre ( also known as Mountaintop Motel ) is a 1986 American horror film written and directed by Jim McCullough Sr . and starring Anna Chappell , Bill Thurman , and Amy Hill .
Variety Girl is a 1947 American musical comedy film produced by Paramount Pictures .
Naan Sollum Ragasiyam ( Tamil : நான் சொல்லும் ரகசியம் ) is a 1959 Indian Tamil film , directed by P. Sridhar Rao and produced by V. C. Subburaman .
Chickie was a 1925 silent drama film produced and released by First National Pictures .
Berkman worked on The Bolshevik Myth throughout 1923 and it was published in January 1925 .
The Last Bullet is a 1995 Australian film about a Japanese soldier and Australian soldier who fight in World War Two .
La estación de la Calle Olvera is a 2008 American drama television film directed by Pablo Garcia .
The Last House on the Beach ( Italian : La settima donna , also known as Terror and The Seventh Woman ) is a 1978 Italian rape and revenge - thriller film directed by Franco Prosperi .
Neramu Siksha ( English title : Crime and Punishment ; Telugu : నేరము -- శిక్ష ) is a 1973 Telugu film directed by K. Viswanath .
A - Lad - In His Lamp is a 1948 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and featuring the Genie and Caliph Hassan Pfeiffer who is after Bugs and the Genie in his lamp .
Kunwara Jeeja is an Indian Punjabi movie released in 1985 .
El Amor y la ciudad ( English : The Love and the City ) is a 2006 Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by María Teresa Constantini .
Hard Head is a 1988 arcade platform game made by SunA corporation .
In Old Mexico is a 1938 American Western film directed by Edward D. Venturini and written by Harrison Jacobs .
Me and Her is a 2006 short film jointly commissioned by , the UK Film Council , Scottish Screen and Glasgow Media Access Centre .
Ek Thi Ladki ( There Was A Girl ) is a 1949 Hindi action comedy film by director Roop K. Shorey .
Undergrounders is a novel written by Canadian author David Skuy , published by Scholastic Canada in 2011 and winner of the 2012 Silver Birch award .
The earlier collection contained seven of the ten stories in Swords Against Death , plus an `` Induction '' omitted from the expanded edition , which was instead republished in its companion volume , Swords and Deviltry ( 1970 ) .
Hoodlum & Son is a 2003 comedy - crime film .
The New Year Parade is a 2008 drama film filmed and directed by Tom Quinn with lighting and audio work by Mark Doyle .
Mis hijos ( `` My Children '' ) is a 1944 Mexican film .
La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint - Ange is a French cookbook written by Marie Ébrard under the name E. Saint - Ange and published in 1927 by Larousse .
The Big Pond is a 1930 American Pre - Code romantic comedy film based on a 1928 play of the same name by George Middleton and A.E. Thomas .
Red Lines is a 2014 documentary film produced by Spark Media in 2014 .
The Hunting of the President is a 2004 English language documentary film about Bill Clinton .
Shadow Sorcerer is a 1991 role - playing video game .
Joe Montana Football missed the Christmas deadline and was released in January 1991 , shortly after the Genesis version of John Madden Football .
Ardennes Fury ( aka Battle of the Ardennes : Fury ) is a 2014 direct - to - video war film written , co - edited , and directed by Jeremy M. Inman .
Betty Boop , M.D. is a 1932 Fleischer Studio animated short film starring Betty Boop , and featuring Koko the Clown and Bimbo .
Chitrangi ( Tamil : சித்ராங்கி ) is a 1964 Indian Tamil film , directed by R. S. Mani .
Violent Road , also known as Hell 's Highway , is a 1958 American remake of The Wages of Fear .
Onbadhule Guru is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film written and directed by P. T. Selvakumar .
Class of ' 76 is a British drama screened on ITV in October 2005 , written by John Ireland and directed by Ashley Pearce .
Veer Tejaji is a Rajasthani language movie , based on the life of Tejaji , made in 1982 .
Lilo & Stitch is a 2002 American animated adventure comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on June 21 , 2002 .
Boy Eating the Bird 's Food ( Greek : Το Αγόρι Τρώει το Φαγητό του Πουλιού , translit . To agori troei to fagito tou pouliou ) is a 2012 Greek drama film written and directed by Ektoras Lygizos .
Long Road to Heaven is a 2007 Indonesian feature film about the 2002 Bali bombing , by Kalyana Shira Films .
The Age of Insects is a 1990 American film directed and written by Eric Marciano ( Marano ) .
Puthiya Paravai ( English : New Bird ) is a 1964 Indian Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Dada Mirasi .
Lotte and the Moonstone Secret ( Estonian : Lotte ja kuukivi saladus ) is a 2011 Estonian animated film directed by Heiki Ernits and Janno Põldma .
Spiderdroid is a 1987 video game for the Atari 2600 .
The Proud Youth is a 1978 Hong Kong film loosely based on Louis Cha 's novel The Smiling , Proud Wanderer .
Institute Benjamenta , or This Dream People Call Human Life , released in 1996 , was the first feature - length film by the Brothers Quay , produced by Keith Griffiths and Janine Marmot .
Gudumba Shankar is a 2004 Telugu action comedy movie directed by Veera Shankar and produced by Nagendra Babu .
Sacrifices of the Heart ( working title Spring Thaw ) is a 2007 television film starring Melissa Gilbert and Ken Howard that aired on Hallmark Channel in 2007 .
Where Pigeons Go to Die is a 1990 made - for - television film written and directed by Michael Landon based on the novel by R. Wright Campbell .
Aardvark'd : 12 Weeks with Geeks is a 2005 documentary film about the development of Fog Creek Copilot , a remote assistance software tool .
Billy and Percy is a 1974 Australian TV movie based on journals kept by Percy Dean , private secretary to Australian Prime Minister Billy Hughes .
Las tandas del principal ( `` The Batches of the Principal '' ) is a 1949 Mexican film .
Shinsukki Blues is a 2004 South Korean film about a smarmy corporate lawyer who magically switches bodies with a pro bono defense attorney with the same name .
Fanie Fourie 's Lobola is a 2013 South African romantic comedy based on the novel ( of the same name ) by Nape à Motana .
The Harvester is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and written by Homer Croy , Robert Lee Johnson , Elizabeth Meehan and Gertrude Orr .
Sacred Flesh is a 1999 British nunsploitation film .
Atout coeur à Tokyo pour OSS 117 is a 1966 French Eurospy spy - fi film .
Wednesday 's Luck is a 1936 British crime film directed by George Pearson and starring Wilson Coleman , Susan Bligh , Patrick Barr and Moore Marriott .
Summer 2007 is a 2008 Indian drama film directed by the debutant Suhail Tatari .
Andhi Mayakkam is a 1981 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Banudasan for producer A.V.Raja Reddiyar .
Daagdi Chaawl ( Marathi : दगडी चाळ ) ( also known as Dagdi Chawl ) is a 2015 Marathi language action drama thriller film directed by debutant Chandrakant Kanse .
Alla får påsar is a 1993 album by Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla .
A Happy Coersion is a 1914 American silent short comedy film based on a story by Theodosia Harris .
Police Nurse is a 1963 American drama film directed by Maury Dexter and written by Harry Spalding .
Back to the Secret Garden is a 2001 family fantasy film .
Dark and Stormy Night is a 2009 independent film spoofing the haunted house and murder mystery films produced by Hollywood in the 1930s and 40s .
Rama Krishna ( Kannada : ರಾಮಕೃಷ್ಣ ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film directed by Om Sai Prakash and produced by K. Bala Mutthaiah .
Satellite in the Sky is a 1956 British science fiction film .
Vincent and Me ( French - language title : Vincent et moi ) is a 1990 Canadian fantasy film .
Carve Her Name with Pride is a black - and - white 1958 British war drama film based on the book of the same name by R.J. Minney .
Blood into Wine is a 2010 documentary film about the Northern Arizona wine industry focusing on Maynard James Keenan and Eric Glomski and their Caduceus brand wine .
The Man from Hong Kong ( known in the U.S.A. as The Dragon Flies ) is a 1975 action film that marked the first Australian - Hong Kong co - production filmed in both nations .
Thank You a Lot is a 2014 American drama film directed by Matt Muir .
Alina , the Turkish Assassin is a 2012 film written by Seda Egridere and directed by Vladimir Jedlicka .
Tumi Je Aamar ( Bengali : তুমি যে আমার ) is a 1994 Bengali film directed by Indar Sen . The film has been music composed by Babul Bose .
My Suicidal Sweetheart is an 2005 American independent dark comedy film written and produced by Michael Parness .
Trip with the Teacher is a 1975 horror film written , produced and directed by Earl Barton .
Zeynep 's Eight Days ( Turkish : Zeynep'in Sekiz Günü ) is a 2007 Turkish drama film , written and directed by Cemal Şan , starring Fadik Sevin Atasoy as an isolated woman searching for a stranger she fell in love with at a party .
Aparichithan ( Malayalam : അപരിചിതന്‍ ) ( English : The Stranger ) is a 2004 Malayalam horror film directed by Sanjeev Sivan in his directorial debut .
Angel Square is a 1990 Canadian film set in 1945 and based on the novel of the same title by Brian Doyle .
Skyrunners is an American - Canadian sci - fi action / thriller Disney XD Original Movie that premiered on Disney XD on November 27 , 2009 .
Dick Tracy vs. Cueball is a 1946 American pulp action film based on the 1930s comic strip character of the same name created by Chester Gould .
Bank Manager is a 1959 Bollywood film starring Kamini Kaushal .
A Matter of Convenience is a 1987 Australian television film about a woman who decides to get married for profit and convenience .
Smash - Up , the Story of a Woman , also called A Woman Destroyed , is a 1947 American drama film with elements of Film Noir , which tells the story of a rising nightclub.singer who marries another singer , whose career takes off , then falls into alcoholism after giving up her career for him .
Bozo 's Night Out is an action computer game developed and published by Taskset Ltd. in 1984 for the Commodore 64 .
Pawn Sacrifice is a 2014 American biographical thriller - drama film It is based on the true story of Bobby Fischer 's challenge against top Soviet chess grandmasters during the Cold War and culminating in the 1972 World Chess Championship match versus Boris Spassky in Reykjavik , Iceland .
The Indians Are Coming is a 1930 American Pre - Code Universal movie serial based on The Great West That Was by William `` Buffalo Bill '' Cody .
Opéra Industriel is a short film produced by Pacific Data Images in 1986 .
War of Legends was released on 19 January 2010 as Jagex 's first non - Java based game , and first to feature microtransactions .
Scream Park is a 2013 horror film by American director Cary Hill and his directorial debut .
Lust for Love is a 2014 independent romantic comedy film written and directed by Anton King .
Granny O'Grimm 's Sleeping Beauty is a six - minute - long CG / flash animated socially satirical black comedy short film , directed by Nicky Phelan and produced by Darragh O'Connell of Brown Bag Films in 2008 , it was also written by Kathleen O'Rourke .
Hollywood Lights is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Fatty Arbuckle , starring Rita Flynn , Virginia Brooks , Tut Mace , and Ted O'Shea .
Father 's Lion is an animated short film in the Goofy series , produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on January 4 , 1952 by RKO Radio Pictures .
Devil in My Ride is a 2013 American horror comedy movie and the feature film directorial debut of Gary Michael Schultz , who also co - wrote the movie 's script .
Our Nixon made its North American debut at 2013 South by Southwest and its international debut at the 42nd International Film Festival Rotterdam .
Theerthadanam ( 2001 ) is a Malayalam film directed by G. R. Kannan and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair based on his story Vanaprastham .
Time of the Comet ( Albanian : Koha e Kometës ) is a 2008 Albanian historical drama / black comedy film adapted from a novel by Ismail Kadare titled Black Year ( Albanian : Viti i Mbrapshtë ) .
In January 2009 , IGN ranked Drop7 # 2 on its list of The Top 25 iPhone Games .
Nos 18 ans is a French comedy teen film directed by Frédéric Berthe and released in 2008 .
Happy Birthday BBC Two is a British entertainment television film that was first broadcast on BBC Two on 20 April 2004 to commemorate the channel 's 40th birthday .
Crude Impact is a 2006 film written and directed by James Jandak Wood .
The Great Question is a 1915 American silent short romantic drama film written and directed by Thomas Ricketts .
Men Should n't Sing had its premiere on 2 December 2007 at the Isaac Theatre Royal in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Everybody Has Secrets ( Hangul : 누구나 비밀은 있다 ; RR : Nuguna bimireun itda ) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film .
Keeping the Promise is a 1997 historical drama television film based on the children 's novel The Sign of the Beaver by Elizabeth George Speare .
The Beast and the Beauty ( Hangul : 야수와 미녀 ; RR : Yasuwa minyeo ) is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy film .
Bad Hurt is a 2015 American film directed by Mark Kemble .
Crackheads Gone Wild is a 2006 documentary produced by Jarrod Donoman about cocaine users in Atlanta .
Zombies Anonymous ( originally Last Rites of the Dead ) is a horror / comedy zombie film released in 2006 , starring Gina Ramsden and Joshua Nelson .
Black Prophecy was launched in Europe on 21 March 2011 .
Valley of the Stereos ( 1992 ) is a New Zealand film written by Costa Botes and George Port and produced by James Booth and Peter Jackson .
Who 's Who in Animal Land is a 1944 short comedy film directed by Leslie M. Roush .
The pilot episode for 12 oz . Mouse , `` Hired '' , premiered on June 19 , 2005 .
I Am a Dancer is a 1972 ballet film .
Envane is the Sixth EP by British electronic music duo Autechre , released by Warp Records on 27 January 1997 .
Chirru ( Kannada : ಚಿರು ) is a 2010 Kannada romantic- action film directed by Mahesh Babu and written by Swamiji .
Mera Jiwan ( Hindi : मेरा जीवन ; translation : My Life ) is a Hindi drama film released on 1 January 1976 .
Divine Food : 100 Years in the Kosher Delicatessen Trade is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Bill Chayes about how immigrant butcher Isaac Oscherwitz became the patriarch of a kosher food corporation that serves the dietary needs of Jewish people across the United States .
Porky & Daffy is a 1938 Warner Bros. cartoon produced by Leon Schlesinger .
For All Eternity is a 1917 British silent crime film directed by A.E. Coleby and Arthur Rooke and starring Janet Alexander , Malvina Longfellow and Arthur Rooke .
Pasivadi Pranam ( Telugu : పసివాడి ప్రాణం ) is a 1987 Telugu language film .
Big School - Break ( or Big Break translit . Bolshaya Peremena , Russian : Большая перемена ) is a Soviet 1972 TV miniseries in 4 episodes .
Tokyo File 212 ( Japanese : 東京ファイル212 ) is a 1951 Japanese - American film directed by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan .
The Best of Benny Hill is a 1974 film spinoff from the television comedy series The Benny Hill Show .
Majaal ( English : Audacity ) is a 1987 Indian Bollywood film produced by Srikanth Nahata on Vijayalakshmi Pictures banner and directed by K. Bapaiah .
Refused Are Fucking Dead is a 2006 documentary about the punk band Refused and the last year of their career .
Farm Frenzy started to take shape when Alex Meleshkevich , CEO of Belarus - based casual game developer Melesta , met Kirill Plotnikov , vice president of publishing for Alawar Entertainment , at Casual Connect 2007 .
Hyppolit , the Butler ( Hungarian : Hyppolit , a lakáj ) is a 1931 black - and - white Hungarian film comedy of manners .
Packing the Monkeys , Again ! ( Montenegrin : Opet pakujemo majmune ) is a 2004 Montenegrin drama film directed by Marija Perović .
Shark Attack 2 is a 2001 direct - to - video horror film based in Wick , Scotland .
The Street with No Name is a 1948 black - and - white film noir .
Buford 's Beach Bunnies is a 1993 American comedy film featuring Jim Hanks .
The Falcon in Hollywood is a 1944 film which was the tenth of sixteen in the Falcon series .
Chaukat Raja ( Marathi : चौकट राजा ) is a Marathi film made in 1991 .
The Searching Wind is a 1946 American feature film based on the play of the same name by Lillian Hellman .
Carry On Dick was released in 1974 and marked the end of an era for the series .
Blueprint 3D is a puzzle video game for iOS mobile devices , developed by FDG Entertainment and published in November 2011 .
No More Hiroshima is a 1984 National Film Board of Canada documentary about two survivors of the 1945 atomic bomb attack on Hiroshima , who are among a small group of Japanese who risk ostracism in their country by identifying themselves as hibakusha : survivors of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
The Decent One ( German : Der Anständige ) is a 2014 German - Austrian - Israeli documentary directed by Vanessa Lapa about Heinrich Himmler .
Oru Abhibhashakante Case Diary is a 1995 Malayalam movie about a lawyer who seeks justice for a teenage girl who was raped and murdered .
Punch Me is a 2011 short film drama about a young man who must embrace his identity or risk losing the two people he loves most .
Morgue Street is a 2012 Italian horror short film directed by Alberto Viavattene and based on Edgar Allan Poe 's The Murders in the Rue Morgue .
Bugs Bunny 's 3rd Movie : 1001 Rabbit Tales is a 1982 Merrie Melodies film with a compilation of classic Warner Bros. cartoon shorts ( many of which have been abridged ) and animated bridging sequences , hosted by Bugs Bunny .
The Secret Adventures of Tom Thumb is a 1993 surrealist horror mystery stop - motion animated film directed by Dave Borthwick made by Bolexbrothers studio , and funded by Richard Hutchinson , BBC , La Sept , and Manga Entertainment , which also distributed the film on video .
Iris the Movie ( Hangul : 아이리스 : 더 무비 ; RR : Airiseu : deo mubi ) is a 2010 South Korean spy action film .
The Wailer ( Spain : La Llorona ) is a 2004 short film , based on the folklore of La Llorona .
Acoustically Driven is the 7th live album released by British rock band Uriah Heep in 2001 .
Beautiful Sunday ( Hangul : 뷰티풀 선데이 ; RR : Butipeul Seondei ) is a 2007 South Korean crime drama film .
A Season for Miracles is a 1999 American television film based on a novel of the same name by Marilyn Pappano .
Anthrax War is a 2009 documentary film about the 2001 anthrax attacks and the rise of today 's biomilitary industrial complex that was co - produced by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and ARTE - France .
Wilderness Survival for Girls is a 2004 independent thriller film that was shot in 18 days .
The first version of Zork was written in 1977 - -1979 using the MDL programming language on a DEC PDP-10 computer .
Screaming for Vengeance was released on 17 July 1982 , with a remastered CD version released in May 2001 .
Following the successful chart performances of the Thriller singles `` The Girl Is Mine '' and `` Billie Jean '' , `` Beat It '' was released on February 3 , 1983 as the album 's third single .
Landscape in the Mist ( Greek : Τοπίο στην ομίχλη , translit . Topio stin omichli ) is a 1988 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos .
Mommy Mommy is a 2007 documentary film directed by Sylvie Rosenthal about a Montreal lesbian couple 's five - year - long struggle to have a child .
The Camel Boy is a 1984 Australian animated feature .
The Killing of Angel Street is a 1981 Australian thriller film loosely based on the BLF ( Builders Labourers Federation ) green bans against development in inner Sydney city waterside suburbs .
Shake , Rattle & Roll II is a 1990 Filipino horror anthology film .
Here Come the Munsters is a television film that aired on Fox October 31 , 1995 .
Tadakha ( English : Mettle ) , also spelt as Thadaka is a 2013 Telugu action film directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasani , who directed Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam earlier .
Millennium 2.2 is a resource management computer game by Ian Bird , released in 1989 for Atari ST , Amiga and DOS .
Hollyrock - a - Bye Baby is a 1993 made - for - television animated film based on the 1960s series classic , The Flintstones .
Motor Sundaram Pillai is a 1966 Indian Tamil drama film , directed by Balu and produced by S. S. Vasan under the banner of Gemini Studios .
Rabid Rider is a 2010 Looney Tunes film starring characters Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner .
The Romance of Rosy Ridge is a 1947 drama film about a rural community still bitterly divided in the aftermath of the American Civil War .
Biceps of Steel is a short B movie filmed circa 1980 but only released in 2003 .
Formula 17 ( 17歲的天空 , pinyin : shí qī suì de tiān kōng ) is a 2004 film which was directed by Chen Yin - jung ( 陳映蓉 ) .
Pals of the Prairie is a 1929 American silent western intertwined with the romance of the mayor 's daughter Dolores ( Joyce ) and Franciseo ( Renaldo ) .
Hunt to Kill is a 2010 Canadian action film starring Steve Austin , Gary Daniels , and Eric Roberts .
Nasaan si Francis ? ( English : Where is Francis ? ) is 2006 Filipino comedy film by Gabriel Fernandez which stars Paolo Contis , Epi Quizon , Christopher De Leon and former Rivermaya frontman Rico Blanco .
Hemlock Hoax , the Detective is an American short comedy film produced and distributed in 1910 by the Lubin Manufacturing Company .
Frantic Flea is a Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game that was released in April 1996 .
La Casa del Pelícano ( `` Pelican House '' ) is a 1976 Mexican thriller film .
Legend of Tianyun Mountain ( simplified Chinese : 天云山传奇 ; traditional Chinese : 天云山傳奇 ; pinyin : Tiānyúnshān chuánqí ) is a 1980 Chinese film about Chinese people 's sufferings from the long - term political campaigns from `` Anti - rightists '' in 1950s until the fall of Gang of Four .
En Uyir Nee Thaane ( English : You are my life ) is a 1998 released Tamil film .
Forced Vengeance is a 1982 motion picture action drama .
Nanda Gokula ( Kannada : ನಂದ ಗೋಕುಲ ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada language drama directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Shyamprasad Enterprises .
Canyon Shooter 2 is a science fiction action shooting game that was released on the 4th quarter of 2011 .
Back Against the Wall is an album released in 2005 by Billy Sherwood in collaboration with a number of ( mostly ) progressive rock artists as a tribute to Pink Floyd 's album The Wall .
Cry of Battle is a 1963 American coming of age war film based on the 1951 novel Fortress in the Rice by Benjamin Appel who was a journalist and special assistant to the U.S. Commissioner for the Philippines from 1945 - 46 .
Wicked Spring is a 2002 American historical - based dramatic war film directed , produced , and written by Kevin Hershberger , as his first narrative feature film .
Knight Rider 2000 is a 1991 television sequel movie to the television series Knight Rider .
Miracle in Milan ( Italian : Miracolo a Milano ) is a 1951 Italian film directed by Vittorio de Sica .
Drakula İstanbul'da ( Dracula in Istanbul ) is a Turkish 1953 film version of Bram Stoker 's original novel Dracula .
Christine of the Big Tops is a 1926 American silent romantic drama film starring Pauline Garon and Cullen Landis .
Jubilee Bunt - a - thon is a 2012 animated short film directed by Nick Park , which stars his characters Wallace and Gromit .
Ruletero a toda marcha ( `` Ruletero in Full Swing '' ) is a 1962 Mexican film .
Love and Other Disasters is a 2006 romantic comedy produced by Ruby Film , Europa Corp. and Skyline Films presented at the Toronto International Film Festival .
3 Skulls of the Toltecs is a point - and - click graphic adventure game designed by Revistronic to run under DOS ( and a rare version under Windows 9x ) and published by Time Warner in 1996 .
Mr. Vampire IV , also known as Mr. Vampire Saga Four , is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy horror film directed by Ricky Lau and produced by Sammo Hung and Jessica Chan .
Simma Soppanam ( Tamil : சிம்ம சொப்பனம் ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by P. Krishna and produced by S. S. Karuppa Sami .
Handsome Siblings is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia film adapted from Gu Long 's novel Juedai Shuangjiao .
Check and Double Check is a 1930 comedy film made and released by RKO Radio Pictures based on the top - rated Amos ' n ' Andy radio show .
Selected for the narrative competition , `` Rhythm Thief was justaboutthisclose to winning the big prize at the ( 1995 ) Sundance Film Festival . ''
Crossing the Dust ( Kurdish : Perrînewe le xobar ) is a 2006 film directed by the Kurdish director Shawkat Amin Korki .
Marwencol ( also known as Village of the Dolls in the UK ) is a 2010 American documentary film that explores the life and work of artist and photographer Mark Hogancamp .
Mekhong Full Moon Party ( Thai : 15 ค่ำ เดือน 11 ; rtgs : Sip Ha Kham Duean Sip Et ; literally , `` The 15th Day of the 11th Month '' ) is a 2002 Thai comedy - drama about the Naga fireballs that arise from the Mekong at Nong Khai on the full moon in October .
Fatty 's Tintype Tangle is a 1915 comedy short film .
Walls of Sand is a 1994 American independent film directed and produced by Erica Jordan and co - produced by Shirin Etessam .
Helen Keller in Her Story ( also known as The Unconquered ) is an American biographical documentary about Helen Keller made in 1954 .
The Longest Week is a 2014 comedy - drama film , written and directed by Peter Glanz .
Beetle Queen Conquers Tokyo is a 2009 documentary directed by American filmmaker Jessica Oreck .
Mu Eka Tumara ( Odia : ମୁଁ ଏକା ତୁମର , English : I am only for you ) is a 2013 Ollywood romantic drama film .
Anthichuvappu is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by Kurian Varnasala .
American Swing is an American 2008 documentary about the 1970s phenomenon of swinging at Plato 's Retreat in New York City .
Bullet to Beijing is a 1995 made - for - television film that continues the adventures of the fictional spy Harry Palmer , who appeared in the 1960s films The Ipcress File , Funeral in Berlin and Billion Dollar Brain , based on books by author Len Deighton .
The Freeway is an Iranian movie directed by Abbas Rafei in 2010 .
Propala Hramota ( Ukrainian : Пропала Грамота , The Lost Letter ) is a 1972 Soviet musical - tragicomedy film by Dovzhenko Film Studios in Kiev .
Death on Demand is a 2008 horror film , directed by Adam Matalon and distributed by MTI Home Video .
Pustolov pred vratima is a 1961 Croatian film directed by Zvonimir Bajsić .
Minugurulu is a 2014 Telugu social problem film written and directed by Ayodhya Kumar Krishnamsetty .
Kiss the Boys Goodbye is a 1941 comedy film based on a play by Clare Boothe Luce which was inspired by the search for an actress to play Scarlett O'Hara in the film version of Gone with the Wind .
Matichya Chuli is a Marathi movie , released on 10 April 2006 .
Desatanakkili Karayarilla ( English : The Migratory Bird Never Cries ) is a 1986 Malayalam film written and directed by Padmarajan .
Cheating Panorama is a 1972 Hong Kong comedy film .
Hudugaru ( Kannada:ಹುಡುಗರು ) is a 2011 Kannada - language drama film directed by K. Madesh , starring Puneet Rajkumar , Yogesh , Srinagar Kitty and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles .
The Little Dragons ( also known as Karate Kids U.S.A. or simply Karate Kids ) is a 1980 American film about two young brothers who use their karate skills to rescue a friend after she is held captive for ransom .
`` From All of Us to All of You '' is an animated television Christmas special , produced by Walt Disney Productions and first presented on December 19 , 1958 on ABC as part of the Walt Disney Presents anthology series .
The China Syndrome is a 1979 American thriller film that tells the story of a television reporter and her cameraman who discover safety coverups at a nuclear power plant .
A Difficult Mission is a 2006 Egyptian film that raises the issue of trade of toxic pesticides , leading to cancerous vegetables .
Ananda Jyothi is a 1993 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by Chi .
Chalo Paltai ( Meaning : Let 's Change ) is a 2011 Bengali film based on the lives and desires of the present generation children .
Olympus Has Fallen is a 2013 American action thriller film .
My Brother Anastasia ( Italian : Anastasia mio fratello ) is a 1973 commedia all'italiana directed by Steno .
Chulas Fronteras is a documentary film from 1976 which tells the story of the norteño or conjunto music which is played on both sides of the Mexico--
Color of Night is a 1994 American erotic mystery thriller film produced by Cinergi Pictures and released in the United States by Hollywood Pictures .
Three Sailors and a Girl is a 1953 musical film made by Warner Bros ..
King of the Corner is a 2004 film featured at the Newport Film Festival .
Kart Fighter was one such game , developed by a team known as Hummer Team or Gouder , and published by Hong Kong - based Ge De Industry , probably in 1993 .
The Guy from Harlem is a 1977 American Blaxploitation film directed by Rene Martinez , Jr. , who also directed the controversially titled `` The Six Thousand Dollar Nigger '' .
A Christmas Snow is a 2010 direct - to - video independent Christmas film by Trost Moving Pictures .
Food of the Gods II as well as Food of the Gods part 2 , is a 1989 film that is a very loose sequel to the 1976 Bert I. Gordon film based on H.G. Wells ' novel , The Food of the Gods .
Ayanum is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Harikumar and produced by Sivan Kunnampilly .
The Girl in Black Stockings is an American B - movie mystery film released by United Artists in 1957 .
Club Havana is a 1945 American drama mystery directed by Edgar G. Ulmer .
The Fishermaid of Ballydavid is a 1911 American silent film produced by Kalem Company .
Silicon Dreams was the second title published by Telecomsoft , the first being Jewels of Darkness , in an four - game publishing deal signed by Level 9 during April 1986 .
The Jetsons is an American animated sitcom produced by Hanna - Barbera , originally airing in primetime from September 23 , 1962 , to March 17 , 1963 , then later in syndication , with new episodes in 1985 to 1987 as part of The Funtastic World of Hanna - Barbera block .
The Meat Grinder in ( Thai : เชือดก่อนชิม pronounced `` Cheuat Gon Chim '' ) directed in 2009 by Thai film director Tiwa Moeithaisong is a horror movie tackling cannibalism .
Déjà Vrooom is a live DVD by the band King Crimson , released in 1999 as a double - sided disc and reissued in 2007 as a double - layer disc .
Varavarankely is a Malagasy 2010 short film .
Hideous ! is a 1997 film released by Full Moon Features .
Chithrasalabhangalude Veedu ( Malayalam : ചിത്രശലഭങ്ങളുടെ വീടു് , English : The house of butterflies ) is a 2008 Malayalam language film for children , directed by Krishnakumar .
Mickey and the Seal is a cartoon short created by Walt Disney in 1948 .
Dancer with Bruised Knees is the second album by Kate & Anna McGarrigle , released in 1977 .
Here Comes Mr. Jordan ( aka Heaven Can Wait and Mr. Jordan Comes to Town ) ( 1941 ) is a romantic comedy - fantasy film in which a boxer , mistakenly taken to Heaven before his time , is given a second chance back on Earth .
Andre the Butcher ( aka Dead Meat ) is a 2005 horror comedy film , written and directed by Philip Cruz .
Raasi ( Tamil : ராசி ) ( English : Luck ) is a 1997 Tamil film directed by Murali - Abbas and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy .
The Actor and the Rube is a 1915 American silent short film produced by the Thanhouser Company under the Falstaff brand .
The Last Remake of Beau Geste is a 1977 American historical comedy film .
The Right of the People is a 1986 made - for - TV drama movie starring Michael Ontkean , Billy Dee Williams , Jamie Smith Jackson and Lisa Jakub , with special guest John Randolph .
Kanoon ( Hindi : कानून , Urdu : قانون ; Title translation : The Law ) is a 1960 Indian Hindi film directed by B.R. Chopra .
Un Ladro in paradiso,(translated as `` A Thief in Paradise '' ) , is a 1952 Italian film .
Vocabulon is a French language educational video game , produced by Megableu and Index+ in 1998 .
Sididedda Sahodara ( Kannada : ಸಿಡಿದೆದ್ದ ಸಹೋದರ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by Joe Simon and produced by B. P. Baliga , B. S. Baliga and B. M. Baliga .
The Big Hangover is a 1950 comedy film released by MGM .
Fair & Lovely ( Kannada : ಫೇರ್ & ಲವ್ಲೀ Phēr aṇḍ lavlī ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada romance drama film written and directed by D. P. Raghuram .
Miracle in Soho is a 1957 British drama film directed by Julian Amyes and starring John Gregson , Belinda Lee and Cyril Cusack .
Tootsie is a 1982 American comedy film that tells the story of a talented but volatile actor whose reputation for being difficult forces him to adopt a new identity as a woman to land a job .
Her Bridal Nightmare is a 1920 American silent comedy film from the Christie Film Company .
Zebra Force ( Codename : Zebra , USA title ) is a 1976 American film directed by Joe Tornatore .
Kalinga Putra ( Odia : କଳିଂଗ ପୁତ୍ର ; English : Son of Soil ) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Barada Prasana Tripathy .
The Story of Short Stack is a 2011 documentary which documents the journeys of pop punk band Short Stack .
Hang Up Your Brightest Colours is a 1973 film by Welsh actor and filmmaker Kenneth Griffith , about the life and death of Irish Republican leader Michael Collins .
Petticoat Politics is a 1941 film , the ninth and final of Republic 's Higgins Family series .
Niggas ' Revenge is a 2001 controversial 113-minute gay pornographic film produced and directed by Dick Wadd starring Bobby Blake and Flex - Deon Blake in their last film together .
The Ceremony of Innocence is a 1970 television movie adaptation of the play by the same name which depicts a highly fictionalized account of the events leading up to Sweyn Forkbeard 's invasion of England in AD 1013 .
The Grow ( Chinese : 金箍棒传奇 ) is a 2012 Chinese animated adventure comedy film directed by Ha Lei .
Vengeance of Excalibur is a 1991 role - playing video game developed by Synergistic Software and distributed by Virgin Games .
Mutant Swinger from Mars is a 2009 Comic science fiction film written , produced and directed by Michael Kallio .
Money - Driven Medicine is a 2009 documentary film that offers a behind the scenes look at the American healthcare system .
The Return of Boston Blackie is a 1927 low - budget , silent , drama genre film .
Through a Glass Window is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Maurice Campbell and written by Olga Printzlau .
Kalahasti Mahatyam or Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam ( Telugu : శ్రీ కాళహస్తీశ్వర మహత్యం ) is a 1954 Telugu film directed by H. L. N. Simha starring Kannada Kantheerava Rajkumar .
The Redeeming Sin ( 1929 ) is a crime drama part - talking silent film with Vitaphone music and sound effects .
The Third Day is a feature film released in 1965 .
Ferocious Planet ( released on DVD in some places as The Other Side or Alien Gateway ) is a 2011 television film co - produced by Syfy and MNG films .
First to Die is a 2003 television miniseries based on the novel of the same name by James Patterson .
Purab Aur Paschim ( English : East and West ) is a 1970 Indian patriotic film .
Udhyanapalakan ( Malayalam : ഉദ്യാനപാലകൻ , translation : The Garden Keeper ) is a 1996 Malayalam romantic drama film written by Lohithadas and directed by Hari Kumar .
Blackbirds at Bangpleng ( Thai : กาเหว่าที่บางเพลง ; rtgs : Ka Wao Thi Bang Phleng ) is a 1994 Thai science fiction horror film .
Mahasathi Arundathi ( Kannada : ಮಹಾಸತಿ ಅರುಂಧತಿ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed by Aruru Pattabhi and produced by B V Reddy .
Moskal - Charivnyk ( Ukrainian : Москаль-Чарівник ) , is a 1995 musical comedy by the Ukrainian filmmaker Mykola Zasieyev - Rudenko based on the book by Ukrainian writer Ivan Kotliarevskyi .
Athiratha Maharatha ( Kannada : ಅತಿರಥ ಮಹಾರಥ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film , directed by Perala and produced by Bheemavarapu Bhucchi Reddy .
Muddula Priyudu ( Telugu : ముద్దుల ప్రియుడు ) is a 1994 Tollywood film directed by K.Raghavendra Rao and produced by K.Krishnamohana Rao on R.K. Film Associates .
The Frankenstein Brothers is a 2010 independent romantic comedy that takes place in Denver , Colorado .
Dance Fu is a 2011 martial arts comedy film starring Kel Mitchell .
Malayathippennu is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film , directed by KS Gopalakrishnan , starring Premlal and Disco Santhi in the lead roles .
O Seeta Katha ( Telugu : ఓ సీత కథ ) is a 1974 Telugu - language Indian feature film directed by K. Viswanath .
An audio cassette version of Barney in Concert was released in 1992 with a purchase of Time - Life Video Barney videos with a credit card .
Troop Beverly Hills is a 1989 adventure comedy film .
If You Do n't Save Paper is a 1948 British short film educating viewers on cutting down on paper wastage by using paper more efficiently .
Wicked Blood is a 2014 action thriller film written and directed by Mark Young .
The Dull Ice Flower ( Chinese : 魯冰花 ) is a 1989 Taiwanese film based on the novel of the same title by Chung Chao - cheng .
Mrs. Jones ' Birthday is a 1909 short American comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle .
The Christmas Candle is a 2013 British / American Christmas film .
Gangster Returns is a 2015 Bangladeshi action thriller film directed by Ashiqur Rahman and features Ziaul Faruq Apurba in lead role .
The Affairs of Cellini ( 1934 ) is a comedy film set in Florence over 400 years ago .
Beyond the Pole is a 2010 British mockumentary adapted from the cult BBC radio series of the same name .
Lal Darja ( English language : The Red Door ) is a 1997 Bengali allegorical drama film about a Kolkata dentist Dr. Nabin Dutta who fears becoming a cripple .
The Underwater City is a 1962 sci - fi Eastmancolor film about overcoming engineering obstacles for establishing an underwater living environment .
She 's Back on Broadway is a 1953 musical comedy - drama film in WarnerColor .
Mystery of Snow ( Hlyo - hwat - thaw - hnin;Burmese : လျှို့ဝှက်သောနှင်း ) is a 2005 Burmese musical adventure drama film directed by Sin Yaw Mg Mg . The film picked up seven national awards including Best Film , Best Director , Best Supporting Actor , Best Scriptwriter , Best Cinematography , Best Film Editing and Best Sound
Undertow Eyes ( 2009 ) , original title Olhos de Ressaca , is a Brazilian short film .
More Music for Films ( 1983 ) also Music for Films Volume 2 , by Brian Eno , Daniel Lanois , and Roger Eno , is a sequel to the ambient - music album , Music for Films ( 1978 ) .
Fist to Fist ( Chinese title : Chu ba , UK title : Dragons of Death ) ( Chinese : 除霸 ) is a 1973 martial arts film directed by Jimmy L. Pascual .
Running from the Guns is a 1987 Australian buddy action film set in Melbourne .
The Supreme Impulse is a 1915 American silent short film comedy - drama film directed by Lucius Henderson .
El mejor papá del mundo ( The Best Dad in the World ) is a 1941 black and white Argentine drama .
Bulldog Drummond 's Bride is an American crime comedy thriller film produced in 1939 .
The Stepford Children is a 1987 American made - for - television thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives .
The Suicide Forecast ( Hangul : 수상한 고객들 ; RR : Susanghan Gogaekdeul ; lit . `` Suspicious Customers '' ) is a 2011 South Korean comedy - drama film .
Go Lala Go ! ( simplified Chinese : 杜拉拉升职记 ; traditional Chinese : 杜拉拉陞職記 ; pinyin : Dù Lālā shēngzhí jì ; literally : `` Du Lala 's promotion '' ) is a 2010 Chinese romantic comedy film about a Chinese woman who learns how to balance a relationship and professional work in a work place .
The Greatest Battle ( Italian title Il grande attacco `` The great attack '' ) , also known as Battle Force and The Biggest Battle , is a 1978 Italian Macaroni war movie .
Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi is set to release on 16 October 2015 .
V / H / S/2 ( originally titled S - VHS ) is a 2013 American anthology horror film .
Contract on Cherry Street is a television film version of a novel written by Phillip Rosenberg about a New York police detective , adapted for television in 1977 by Frank Sinatra 's production company Artanis for Columbia Pictures Television and starring Sinatra .
Pimps Up , Ho 's Down is a 1998 television documentary about pimping in the United States as part of the HBO documentary anthology series America Undercover .
Katiyabaaz ( English : Powerless ) is a 2014 Indian Hindi documentary film directed by Deepti Kakkar and Fahad Mustafa about the problem of power theft in Kanpur .
I , Tintin ( French : Moi , Tintin ) is a Franco - Belgian film which premiered in the Paris cinema as a feature presentation in 1975 .
When Animals Dream ( originally titled as Når dyrene drømmer ) is a 2014 Danish dramatic horror mystery and the feature film directorial debut of Jonas Alexander Arnby .
The Second Civil War is a satirical / comedy film made for the HBO cable television network and first shown on March 15 , 1997 .
My Scene Goes Hollywood is a 2005 direct - to - DVD and VHS animated film based on Mattel 's line of My Scene dolls .
The Forbidden Girl ( German : Das verbotene Mädchen ) is a 2013 German horror film that was directed by Till Hastreiter .
Bhakta Surdas is a 1942 Indian Bollywood devotional film .
Hard Hunted is a 1992 action / adventure film starring Dona Speir , Roberta Vasquez , Cynthia Brimhall , Bruce Penhall and Geoffrey Moore .
Scrooge McDuck and Money is a short animated cartoon made by Walt Disney Studios in 1967 .
Konjum Salangai ( English : Enticing Anklets ) is a 1962 Indian Tamil Musical film directed by M. V. Raman .
Intimacies of a Prostitute ( Spanish : Intimidades de una cualquiera ) is a 1974 Argentine sexploitation drama film directed by Armando Bo and starring Isabel Sarli , Jorge Barreiro , and Sabina Olmos .
The first volume of Little Women was published in 1868 by Roberts Brothers .
New Dimensions 1 is an anthology of original science fiction stories edited by Robert Silverberg , published in hardcover by Doubleday Books in 1971 and reprinted in paperback by Avon Books in 1973 .
Between the World and Me is a 2015 book written by Ta - Nehisi Coates and published by Spiegel & Grau .
Uniracers , released as Unirally in PAL territories , is a video game created by DMA Design and Nintendo of America for the SNES in North America in December 1994 and in the PAL territories on April 27 , 1995 .
Mirror 's Edge is an action - adventure platform video game developed by EA DICE and published by Electronic Arts .
The British Journal of Management is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal , which was established by David T. Otley in 1990 , and is published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the British Academy of Management .
Looney Tunes is an American animated series of comedy short films produced by Warner Bros. from 1930 to 1969 during the golden age of American animation , alongside its sister series Merrie Melodies .
Prophecy of the Shadow is a 1992 fantasy role - playing video game developed by Strategic Simulations , Inc. for DOS .
Annals of Public and Cooperative Economics is a quarterly academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the International Centre of Research and Information on the Public , Social and Cooperatuve Economy ( CIRIEC ) .
Q - Squared was released in July 1994 as one in a series of `` Giant Novels '' for the Star Trek line from Pocket Books .
Disney Infinity 3.0 is a 2015 action - adventure sandbox video game published by Disney Interactive Studios and LucasArts for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Wii U , Xbox 360 , Xbox One and Apple TV , and is the third installment in the toys - to - life Disney Infinity series .
Top Pop Catalog Albums is a fifty - position weekly albums chart produced by Billboard Magazine which ranks the best - selling catalog albums in the United States , regardless of genre .
Championship Manager Quiz ( informally named CM Quiz ) is a football trivia quiz video game for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows , developed by King of the Jungle and published by Eidos Interactive .
The Deportees and Other Stories is the first short story collection by Booker Prize - winning author Roddy Doyle first published by Jonathan Cape in 2007 .
Aunts Are n't Gentlemen is a comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom in October 1974 by Barrie & Jenkins , London , and in the United States under the title The Cat - nappers on 14 April 1975 by Simon & Schuster , New York .
Disease Models & Mechanisms is published by The Company of Biologists , a UK not - for - profit publisher of the international biological journals Development , Journal of Cell Science and The Journal of Experimental Biology .
Circulation Research is a biweekly peer - reviewed medical journal published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins and edited by Roberto Bolli .
Alien Trilogy is a first - person shooter video game developed by Probe Entertainment and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation , Sega Saturn and MS - DOS platforms in 1996 .
Mumsi Meets a Lion is a children 's book by Kim Stegall and published by BJU Press under the JourneyForth label .
The Roundheads is a BBC Books original novel written by Mark Gatiss and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Interface Focus is the Royal Society 's cross - disciplinary themed publication promoting research at the interface between the physical and life sciences .
History and Anthropology is a peer - reviewed academic journal covering anthropology published by Routledge .
Sometime Never ... is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Journal of Black Psychology is a quarterly psychology journal published by the Association of Black Psychologists .
The Australasian Journal of Bone & Joint Medicine ( originally titled the Australasian Journal of Musculoskeletal Medicine ) was a periodical presented in the style of a scientific journal , published by Elsevier but established and funded by pharmaceutical company Merck .
Business Unusual is a BBC Books original novel written by Gary Russell and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
The Witchmaster 's Key is Volume 55 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap .
The British Journal of Sociology is a peer - reviewed academic journal that was established in 1950 at the London School of Economics .
Super Robin Hood is a Robin Hood - themed platform game published in November 1985 by Codemasters .
Kiki Trick is a variety mini - game with an emphasis on auditory cues for the Nintendo Wii .
The Journal of Infectious Diseases is a peer - reviewed biweekly medical journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Infectious Diseases Society of America .
In the 1st Degree is an interactive legal drama adventure computer game released in 1995 by Brøderbund in which the player plays the role of a prosecutor attempting to convict an artist for grand theft and the first - degree murder of his business partner .
The Editor - in - Chief of Health and Interprofessional Practice is Amber Buhler , founding faculty member in the School of Pharmacy , in the College of Health Professions at Pacific University in Hillsboro , Oregon .
Papers in Regional Science is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Regional Science Association International ( RSAI ) .
The Journal of Mathematical Physics is a peer - reviewed journal published monthly by the American Institute of Physics devoted to the publication of papers in mathematical physics .
The Best of John Wyndham is a paperback collection of science fiction short stories by John Wyndham , published after his death by Sphere Books , first in 1973 .
The Birthday of the World : and Other Stories is a collection of short fiction by Ursula K. Le Guin , and first published in March , 2002 by HarperCollins .
Naturwissenschaften , The Science of Nature is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of the natural sciences relating to questions of biological significance .
Asterix and the Great Rescue is a video game released by Sega for the Genesis / Mega Drive in 1993 and for the Game Gear and Master System in 1994 .
Deflex , also known as Super Deflex , Deflex V , and Made In France , is an arcade puzzle game developed by Jeff Minter .
Harpur Palate is an American literary magazine , based at the Binghamton University in Binghamton , New York .
A Daughter 's a Daughter is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 24 November 1952 .
Following her successful pitch of 12 Days to manga publisher Tokyopop , she resumed work on it in early 2005 and finished in the middle of August 2006 .
Monkey Hero ( The Adventures of Monkey Hero in Europe ) is a role - playing game developed by Blam ! and published by Take - Two Interactive for the Sony PlayStation video game console .
Critical Reviews in Oncogenesis ( ISSN 0893 - 9675 ) is a quarterly scientific journal published by Begell House covering the field of oncology .
The Swoop ! , or How Clarence Saved England is a short comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse , first published in the United Kingdom by Alston Rivers Ltd , London , on April 16 , 1909 .
Berkeley Fiction Review is an American literary magazine founded in 1981 and based at the University of California , Berkeley .
Where They Create is a book by photographer Paul Barbera and writer Alexandra Onderwater published by Frame Publishers in 2011 .
ISS Pro Evolution ( known as World Soccer : Jikkyou Winning Eleven 4 in Japan ) is the third video game in ISS Pro series developed exclusively for the PlayStation by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo , a division of Konami .
The Saint Around the World is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris , first published in 1956 by The Crime Club in the United States and by Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom in 1957 .
Acme Animation Factory is an educational art and graphics video game released by Sunsoft on November of 1994 exclusively for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
Beginning with the January 2006 issue ( Volume 30 , Number 1 ) , Cryptologia has been published by Taylor & Francis .
Pelé 's Soccer is an Atari 2600 game based on the famous footballer Pelé , and published in 1980 .
Dragon Warrior Monsters 2 , known in Japan as Dragon Quest Monsters 2 ( ドラゴンクエストモンスターズ Doragon Kuesuto Monsutāzu Tsū ) , is a video game published by Enix for the Game Boy Color .
The Shining Girls was published on 15 April 2013 by the Umuzi imprint of Random House Struik in South Africa , on 25 April 2013 by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom , and on 4 June 2013 by Mulholland Books in the United States .
The Sims is a life simulation video game series , developed by EA Maxis and published by Electronic Arts .
Dynamite Dan is a platform game for the ZX Spectrum and other 8-bit formats written by Rod Bowkett and released by Mirrorsoft in 1985 .
During the 2009 D.I.C.E. Summit , Nintendo announced that it would publish World of Goo in Japan during the second quarter of 2009 ; the game was released on April 21 , 2009 under the title Planet of Goo ( グーの惑星 Gū no Wakusei ) .
Combustion and Flame is the official peer - reviewed scientific journal of the Combustion Institute , which is published sixteen times per year by Elsevier .
The Nightmare Lands was designed by Shane Lacy Hensley with additional design and editing by Bill Slavicsek , and was published by TSR , Inc. in 1995 .
Dawn of Magic 2 , known in North America as Time of Shadows , is an action role - playing game for Microsoft Windows published by Kalypso Media .
The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments was a children 's chemistry book written in the 1960s by Robert Brent and illustrated by Harry Lazarus and published by Western Publishing in their Golden Books series .
The Church Quarterly Review is an English journal published by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge .
Economic Outlook is a quarterly academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of Oxford Economics .
Southern Spaces is published by the Robert W. Woodruff Library of Emory University .
The Journal of Cheminformatics is a peer - reviewed open access scientific journal that was established in 2009 , published by Chemistry Central .
Analecta Hibernica is the official academic journal of the Irish Manuscripts Commission , carrying reports on the commission 's work and publishing shorter manuscripts .
Mystery Mile is a crime novel by Margery Allingham , first published in 1930 , in the United Kingdom by Jarrolds Publishing , London , and in the United States by Doubleday , Doran , New York .
Star X is a rail shooter video game developed by Graphic State and published by BAM ! Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance handheld video game console .
The Eastern Mediterranean Health Journal is a healthcare journal published by the Eastern Mediterranean Regional office of World Health Organisation of the World Health Organization .
Papa Was a Preacher is a book written by Alyene Porter and published in 1944 by Abingdon Press .
For the Union Dead is a book of poems by Robert Lowell that was published by Farrar , Straus & Giroux in 1964 .
The Journal of Peptide Science is a monthly peer - reviewed scientific journal , published since 1995 by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the European Peptide Society .
It was published by HarperCollins in June and July 2007 in the United Kingdom , with both volumes released in the United States by Houghton Mifflin on September 21 , 2007 ; a boxed set combining The Hobbit with The History of The Hobbit was released on October 26 , 2007 .
It was published under the title Pizza Connection in Germany and as Pizza Tycoon by MicroProse abroad .
California Agriculture is a quarterly peer - reviewed , scientific journal reporting news and research on agricultural , natural , and human resources that is published by the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources .
The Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences is a bimonthly peer - reviewed open - access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Pharmaceutical Association .
BioControl is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media covering all aspects of basic and applied research in biological control of invertebrate , vertebrate , and weed pests , and plant diseases .
International Journal of Humanities and Arts Computing is a biannual academic journal published in April and October by Edinburgh University Press .
Dead Rising 2 is an open world survival horror beat 'em up video game developed by Canadian company Blue Castle Games and published by Capcom in September 2010 for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Microsoft Windows video gaming platforms .
Journal of Zoological Systematics and Evolutionary Research ( Zeitschrift für Zoologische Systematik und Evolutionsforschung ) is a quarterly , peer reviewed , scientific journal , published by Wiley - Blackwell .
Domestic Harmony is the debut LP album by Australian rock / pop group Do - Ré - Mi which was released by Virgin Records in August 1985 .
The Huge Hefner Chronicles was released in late 2008 and is the first of a 2-album contract with Babygrande Records .
Your Baby Is a Lady is an LP album by Jackie DeShannon , released by Atlantic Records as catalog number SD-7303 in 1974 .
Blues My Name is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams , Jr. The album was issued by MGM Records as number E / SE 4344 and later re - issued by Polydor Records as 833 069 - 1 Y-1 .
Thugs Are Us is the fourth studio album by rapper Trick Daddy , released March 20 , 2001 , on Slip - n - Slide Records .
Django the Bastard ( Italian : Django il bastardo , also known as The Stranger 's Gundown ) is a 1969 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Garrone , produced by Herman Cohen .
Toto and Cleopatra ( Italian : Totò e Cleopatra ) is a 1963 Italian adventure - comedy film written and directed by Fernando Cerchio .
Magnificent Presence ( Italian : Magnifica presenza , also known as A Magnificent Haunting ) is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Ferzan Özpetek .
The Exorcist III is a 1990 American supernatural horror film written and directed by William Peter Blatty .
Husbands in the City ( Italian : Mariti in città ) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini .
Ballad of a Soldier ( Russian : Баллада о солдате , Ballada o soldate ) , is a 1959 Soviet film directed by Grigori Chukhrai and starring Vladimir Ivashov and Zhanna Prokhorenko .
Oh La La ! ( original title : Nouvelle chance ) is a 2006 French comedy - drama film directed by Anne Fontaine .
Kee en Janus naar Berlijn is a 1923 Dutch silent film directed by Alex Benno .
Ritorno a casa Gori , internationally known as Return to Home Gori , is a 1996 comedy film directed by Alessandro Benvenuti .
Come , quando , perché , internationally released as How , When and with Whom , is a 1969 Italian romance film written and directed by Antonio Pietrangeli .
The Butterfly Effect is a 2004 American psychological thriller film that was written and directed by Eric Bress and J. Mackye Gruber , starring Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart .
Duck , You Sucker ! ( Italian : Giù la testa , lit . `` Duck Your Head '' ) , also known as A Fistful of Dynamite and Once Upon a Time ... the Revolution , is a 1971 Italian epic buddy Zapata Western film directed and co - written by Sergio Leone .
The Young Savages is a 1961 crime drama film directed by John Frankenheimer , starring Burt Lancaster , and written by Edward Anhalt from a novel by Evan Hunter .
L'Année dernière à Marienbad ( released in the US as Last Year at Marienbad and in the UK as Last Year in Marienbad ) is a 1961 French film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Alain Robbe - Grillet .
Segni particolari : bellissimo ( Distinguishing features : beautiful ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Castellano & Pipolo .
Children of Heaven ( Persian : بچه‌های آسمان‎‎ , Bacheha - ye Aseman ) is a 1997 Iranian family drama film written and directed by Majid Majidi .
Serial Teachers ( French title : Les Profs ) is a 2013 French comedy film directed by Pierre - François Martin - Laval .
Ten Canoes is a 2006 Australian period drama film directed by Rolf de Heer and Peter Djigirr and starring Crusoe Kurddal .
Princ Bajaja is a 1971 Czechoslovak fantasy film based on the fairy tale Prince Bajaja by Božena Němcová and directed by Antonín Kachlík .
After the Rehearsal ( Swedish : Efter repetitionen ) is a television film , written and directed by Ingmar Bergman in 1984 .
Fighting Mad is a 1976 film directed by Jonathan Demme , about an Arkansas farmer played by Peter Fonda who uses Guerrilla tactics against corrupt land developers evicting him and his neighbors in order to stripmine their land .
The Secret Life of Words is a 2005 Spanish drama film , directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sarah Polley and Tim Robbins .
Woman of Rome ( Italian : La romana ) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Gina Lollobrigida .
Anubhav ( English : Experience ; Hindi : अनुभव ) is a 1971 Hindi film by noted director Basu Bhattacharya , which stars Sanjeev Kumar , Tanuja Samarth and Dinesh Thakur as leads .
Starring Stanisław Tym as Ryszard , a gullible and mildly corrupt government functionary , and Krzysztof Kowalewski as Colonel Zygmunt Molibden , a member of the Polish secret police , Controlled Conversations is a brilliantly funny but extremely hermetic ( for non - Poles ) examination of the rise of an accidental hero .
Days to Remember ( German : Die Verliebten ) is a 1987 West German drama film directed by Jeanine Meerapfel .
L'oro di Roma ( internationally released as Gold of Rome ) is a 1961 Italian war - drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani .
The Revolving Doors ( French : Les Portes tournantes ) is a 1988 Canadian - French French - language drama film directed by Francis Mankiewicz .
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives ( Thai : ลุงบุญมีระลึกชาติ ; rtgs : Lung Bunmi Raluek Chat ) is a 2010 art drama Thai film written , produced and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
Empire of the Wolves ( French : L'Empire des loups ) is a 2005 movie directed by Chris Nahon , written by Christian Clavier , Jean - Christophe Grangé , Chris Nahon and Franck Ollivier , and starring Jean Reno , Arly Jover , and Jocelyn Quivrin .
Le Million is a 1931 French musical comedy film directed by René Clair .
The Wicker Tree is a 2011 horror film written and directed by British filmmaker Robin Hardy .
The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie ( French : Le Charme discret de la bourgeoisie ) is a 1972 surrealist film directed by Luis Buñuel and written by Jean - Claude Carrière in collaboration with the director .
The film was adapted by Melvyn Bragg , Margaret Drabble , and Clive Exton from the books My Life by Isadora and Isadora , an Intimate Portrait by Sewell Stokes .
Voyage to the Beginning of the World ( Portuguese : Viagem ao Princípio do Mundo , French : Voyage au début du monde ) is a 1997 Portuguese - French drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira and starring Marcello Mastroianni .
The Bat Whispers is a 1930 American Pre - Code mystery film directed by Roland West , produced by Joseph M. Schenck , and released by United Artists .
Kill , Baby , Kill ( Italian : Operazione paura ) is a 1966 Italian horror film by director Mario Bava .
Dead Man is a 1995 American Western film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch .
Den grønne heisen ( English : The green elevator ) is a 1981 Norwegian comedy film directed by Odd - Geir Sæther , based on a play by Avery Hopwood , and starring Rolv Wesenlund and Øivind Blunck .
Timecrimes ( Spanish : Los Cronocrímenes ) is a 2007 science fiction film with a time loop plot , written and directed by Nacho Vigalondo .
Unlikely Revolutionaries ( Italian : Figli delle stelle ) is a 2010 Italian crime - comedy film directed by Lucio Pellegrini .
The Red Headed Corpse ( Italian : La rossa dalla pelle che scotta , also known The Sensuous Doll and Sweet Spirits ) is a 1972 Italian - Turkish giallo film directed by Renzo Russo .
My Nikifor ( Polish : Mój Nikifor ) is a 2004 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Krauze .
Joanna Francesa is a 1973 French - Brazilian romantic drama film directed by Carlos Diegues and starring Jeanne Moreau , Eliezer Gomes and Carlos Kroeber .
The American Bride ( Italian : La sposa americana ) is a 1986 Italian romance film written and directed by Giovanni Soldati .
Le Beau Serge ( French pronunciation : ​(lə bo sɛʁʒ ) , meaning `` Handsome Serge '' ) is a French film directed by Claude Chabrol , released in 1958 .
Lulu femme nue ( festival title : Lulu in the Nude ) is a 2013 French comedy - drama film directed by Sólveig Anspach and based on the comic book Lulu femme nue by Etienne Davodeau .
The Umbrella Coup ( French : Le Coup du parapluie ) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury , starring Pierre Richard , Gordon Mitchell and Gert Fröbe .
The Stolen Children ( Italian : Il ladro di bambini ) is a 1992 Italian film directed by Gianni Amelio .
Porci con la P 38 is a 1979 Italian `` poliziottesco '' film directed by Gianfranco Pagani .
Pugili ( Italian : Boxers ) is a 1995 Italian sports film directed by Lino Capolicchio , focusing on the world of boxing .
The Last Lieutenant is a Norwegian movie from 1993 , directed by Hans Petter Moland and starring Espen Skjønberg .
Pane , burro e marmellata ( translation : `` Bread , Butter and Marmalade '' ) is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Enrico Montesano .
The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp is a 1943 romantic drama war film written , produced and directed by the British film making team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger under the production banner of The Archers .
The Anniversary Party is a 2001 American comedy - drama film written , directed , produced by , and starring Jennifer Jason Leigh and Alan Cumming .
Ebba the Movie is a documentary film of Swedish punk band Ebba Grön from 1982 , by director and writer Johan Donner .
Kungen kommer is a 1936 Swedish comedy film directed by Ragnar Hyltén - Cavallius .
Broadway Bad is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and written by Maude Fulton .
Rocco e i suoi fratelli ( English : Rocco and His Brothers ) is a 1960 Italian film directed by Luchino Visconti , inspired by an episode from the novel Il ponte della Ghisolfa by Giovanni Testori .
Viuuulentemente mia ( `` Mine with violence '' ) is a 1982 Italian crime comedy film written and directed by Carlo Vanzina .
Om Shanti Om is a 2007 Indian fantasy romantic thriller comedy film co written , choreographed and directed by Farah Khan .
The Enemies of Reason is a two - part television documentary , written and presented by evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins , in which he seeks to expose `` those areas of belief that exist without scientific proof , yet manage to hold the nation under their spell '' , including mediumship , acupuncture and psychokinesis .
Hatsukoi Jigokuhen ( 初恋・地獄篇 ) is a 1968 film directed by Susumu Hani and co - scripted by him with Shūji Terayama .
Good Folk 's Sunday ( Italian : La domenica della buona gente ) is a 1953 Italian comedy film directed by Anton Giulio Majano .
El perro ( English : Bombón : El Perro and Bombón : The Dog ) is a 2004 Argentine - Spanish drama film , directed by Carlos Sorín , and written by Sorín , Santiago Calori , and Salvador Roselli .
The Flowers of St. Francis ( in Italian , Francesco , giullare di Dio , or `` Francis , God 's Jester '' ) is a 1950 film directed by Roberto Rossellini and co - written by Federico Fellini .
Bullet in the Flesh or Il piombo e la carne is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Marino Girolami .
Milano rovente ( internationally released as Gang War in Milan and Burning City ) is a 1973 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Umberto Lenzi .
The Appointment is a 1969 psychological drama film from director Sidney Lumet and writer James Salter , based on the story by Antonio Leonviola .
La poliziotta a New York ( internationally released as A Policewoman in New York ) is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Travolto dagli affetti familiari ( Swept Away by Family Affection ) is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Mauro Severino .
Il mio amico Benito ( Italian for `` My friend Benito '' ) is a 1962 commedia all'italiana film directed by Giorgio Bianchi .
A Husband for Anna ( Italian : Un marito per Anna Zaccheo ) is a 1953 Italian romance - drama film directed by Giuseppe De Santis .
That 's My Man is a 1947 American drama film directed by Frank Borzage and written by Steve Fisher and Bradley King .
Le Garçu is a 1995 French drama film directed by Maurice Pialat and starring Gérard Depardieu .
71 Fragments of a Chronology of Chance ( German : 71 Fragmente einer Chronologie des Zufalls ) is a 1994 Austrian drama film directed by Michael Haneke .
Kidz in da Hood ( Swedish title : Förortsungar lit . `` Suburb kids '' ) is a 2006 Swedish film directed by Catti Edfeldt and Ylva Gustavsson .
Clarence , the Cross - Eyed Lion is a 1965 film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Marshall Thompson and Betsy Drake .
Paradise Alley is a 1978 American sports film written and directed by Sylvester Stallone in his feature film directorial debut , who also starred in the role .
Desert Blue is a 1998 American comedy / drama film written and directed by Morgan J. Freeman and starring Brendan Sexton III , Kate Hudson .
That Ca n't Shake Our Willi ! ( German : Das kann doch unsren Willi nicht erschüttern ) is a 1970 German comedy film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Heinz Erhardt , Ruth Stephan and Günther Jerschke .
Muita Calma Nessa Hora 2 is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Felipe Joffily , written by Bruno Mazzeo and Lusa Silvestre , and starring Mazzeo , Marcelo Adnet , Fernanda Souza and Andréia Horta .
The Last Hunt is a 1956 MGM western film directed by Richard Brooks and produced by Dore Schary .
Norwegian Ninja ( Norwegian : Kommandør Treholt & ninjatroppen ) is a 2010 Norwegian action comedy film , directed by Thomas Cappelen Malling .
Survival Island , also known as Three , is a 2005 erotic thriller film written and directed by Stewart Raffill .
Madame Sin is a 1972 British thriller film directed by David Greene and starring Bette Davis , Robert Wagner , Denholm Elliott and Gordon Jackson .
Rocky is a 1976 American sports drama film directed by John G. Avildsen and both written by and starring Sylvester Stallone .
Rhythm Is It ! is a 2004 German documentary film directed by Thomas Grube and Enrique Sánchez Lansch .
800 Bullets ( Spanish : 800 Balas ) is a 2002 Spanish film directed by Álex de la Iglesia .
When Four Do the Same ( German : Wenn vier Dasselbe tun ) is a 1917 German silent comedy drama film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Ossi Oswalda , Emil Jannings and Margarete Kupfer .
Eve 's Bayou is a 1997 American drama film written and directed by Kasi Lemmons , who made her directorial debut with this film .
Nightmare Beach ( also released as Welcome to Spring Break ) is an 1989 American - Italian slasher horror film directed by Umberto Lenzi ( Harry Kirkpatrick ) , and starring Nicolas de Toth , Sarah Buxton , John Saxon , and Michael Parks .
Bunker Palace Hôtel is a 1989 French post - apocalyptic film by comics artist Enki Bilal .
It Boy ( French title : 20 ans d'écart ) is a 2013 French romantic comedy film directed by David Moreau .
Code 46 is a 2003 British film directed by Michael Winterbottom , with screenplay by Frank Cottrell Boyce .
Bleak Moments is a 1971 British film , the first film of Mike Leigh .
Code Name Melville ( original French title : Sous le nom de Melville ) is a feature length documentary about Jean - Pierre Melville , directed by Olivier Bohler and produced by Raphaël Millet for Nocturnes Productions in 2008 .
Oggetti smarriti ( internationally released as Lost and Found , Lost Objects and An Italian Woman ) is a 1980 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Giuseppe Bertolucci .
Going Away ( French : Un beau dimanche ) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Nicole Garcia .
Spicy Love Soup ( Chinese : 爱情麻辣烫 ; pinyin : Aìqíng Má Là Tāng ) is a 1997 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yang and written by Zhang , Liu Fendou , Cai Shangjun , and Diao Yi'nan based on a story by Zhang and Peter Loehr .
Lyckan kommer ( English : Happiness Comes ) is a 1942 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman .
The film was based on the 1899 play Two Little Drummer Boys by Walter Howard and was shot at Southall Studios .
The Girl in the Park is a 2007 drama film by David Auburn , who makes his directorial debut here after having written the films Proof in 2005 and The Lake House in 2006 .
The Heart of Humanity is a 1918 American silent war propaganda film produced by Universal Pictures and directed by Allen Holubar .
Total Balalaika Show is a 1994 film by director Aki Kaurismäki featuring a concert with Leningrad Cowboys and Alexandrov Ensemble .
The Priest and the Girl ( Portuguese : O Padre e a Moça ) is a 1965 Brazilian drama film directed by Joaquim Pedro de Andrade , based on Carlos Drummond de Andrade 's poem of the same name .
`` Bed Among the Lentils '' is a dramatic monologue written by Alan Bennett in 1987 for television , as part of his Talking Heads series for the BBC .
Spike of Bensonhurst is a 1988 American comedy - drama and mafia film written and directed by Paul Morrissey and starring Sasha Mitchell .
Foolish Wives is a 1922 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures under their Super - Jewel banner and written and directed by Erich von Stroheim .
O Fantasma ( English : The Phantom or The Ghost ) is a 2000 Portuguese explicit gay - themed film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues and produced at the independent production company Rosa Filmes .
The Finzi Detective Agency ( Italian : Agenzia Riccardo Finzi ... praticamente detective ) is a 1979 crime - comedy film written and directed by Bruno Corbucci and starring Renato Pozzetto .
Come tu mi vuoi is a 2007 Italian comedy film directed by Volfango De Biasi .
Brotherhood of Blood is a 2007 horror film , starring Jason Connery , Victoria Pratt , Sid Haig and Ken Foree , directed by Peter Scheerer and Michael Roesch .
588 rue paradis is a 1992 semi - autobiographical film written and directed by French - Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil .
Tale of the Mummy ( also known as Russel Mulcahy 's Tale of the Mummy and Talos -- the Mummy ) is a 1998 British - American horror film , directed by Russell Mulcahy , starring Jason Scott Lee , Jack Davenport , Louise Lombard and Christopher Lee .
Formula of Love ( Russian : Формула любви ) is a 1984 Soviet romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Mark Zakharov , from a screenplay by Grigori Gorin .
Les Espions ( `` The Spies '' ) is a 1957 French film directed by Henri - Georges Clouzot and written by Clouzot with Jerôme Géronim and Egon Hostovsky .
Dear Goddamned Friends ( Italian : Cari fottutissimi amici ) is a 1994 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli .
Blume in Love is a 1973 film written , produced and directed by Paul Mazursky , who also appears in it .
Terrible Day of the Big Gundown ( Italian : Quel maledetto giorno della resa dei conti , also known as Vendetta at Dawn ) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Garrone ( here credited as Willy S. Regan ) .
Separate Lies is a 2005 British drama film directed by Julian Fellowes , who also wrote the screenplay , updating the 1951 novel A Way Through the Wood by Nigel Balchin , which had already been turned into a stage play under the title Waiting for Gillian in 1957 .
8-pallo ( English : 8-ball ) is a 2013 Finnish film directed by Aku Louhimies and based on a crime novel Elävien kirjoihin by Marko Kivi .
Life and Nothing But ( French : La vie et rien d'autre ) is a 1989 French film directed by Bertrand Tavernier .
Argument Clinic is a sketch from Monty Python 's Flying Circus , written by John Cleese and Graham Chapman .
På en bänk i en park ( English : On a bench in a park ) is a 1960 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman .
Alive and Ticking ( German : Ein Tick anders ) is a German comedy film directed by Andi Rogenhagen .
It 's All About Love is a 2003 romance - drama film written and directed by Thomas Vinterberg .
Le Mans , Shortcut to Hell ( Italian : Le Mans - Scorciatoia per l'inferno , also known as Summer Love ) is a 1970 Italian action film directed by Osvaldo Civirani .
Sweet Mud ( Hebrew : אדמה משוגעת ) is a 2006 Israeli satirical drama film written and directed by Dror Shaul .
Hill of Freedom ( Hangul : 자유의 언덕 ; RR : Jayuui Eondeok ) is a 2014 South Korean film written and directed by Hong Sang - soo .
Pardon Mon Affaire , Too ! ( French : Nous irons tous au paradis , English : We Will All Meet in Paradise ) is a French film , directed by Yves Robert , released in 1977 .
The Accompanist ( French : L'Accompagnatrice ) is a 1992 French film directed by Claude Miller from a novel by Nina Berberova , and starring Romane Bohringer , Yelena Safonova and Richard Bohringer .
Not Here to Be Loved ( French : Je ne suis pas là pour être aimé ) is a 2005 French film directed by Stéphane Brizé .
Winter Light ( Swedish : Nattvardsgästerna , literally `` The Communicants '' ) is a 1963 Swedish drama film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Bergman regulars Gunnar Björnstrand , Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow .
The Croods was written and directed by Kirk DeMicco and Chris Sanders , and produced by Kristine Belson and Jane Hartwell .
The Adjuster is a 1991 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan .
Low Heights ( in Persian : ارتفاع پست , transliteration : Ertefa'e Past ) is a 2002 Iranian film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia and starring Hamid Farrokhnezhad , Leila Hatami , Amir Aghaei , Reza Shafiee Jam , and Gohar Kheirandish .
An Inconvenient Truth is a 2006 documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim about former United States Vice President Al Gore 's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a comprehensive slide show that , by his own estimate made in the film , he has given more than a thousand times .
Memórias Póstumas ( known in English as Posthumous Memoirs and Posthumous Memories ) is a 2001 comedy - drama film directed by André Klotzel based on The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas by Machado de Assis .
We Want the Colonels ( Italian : Vogliamo i colonnelli ) is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli .
Being Twenty ( Italian : Avere vent'anni , also known as To Be Twenty ) is a 1978 Italian erotic - drama film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Gloria Guida , Lilli Carati and Ray Lovelock .
Giovanna 's Father ( Italian : Il papà di Giovanna ) is a 2008 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati .
The Story of Dida Ibsen ( German : Dida Ibsens Geschichte ) is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Anita Berber , Conrad Veidt and Werner Krauss .
Tonight for Sure is a 1962 Western softcore comedy film by Francis Ford Coppola .
A Girl Called Rosemary ( German : Das Mädchen Rosemarie ) is a 1996 German biography film directed by Bernd Eichinger .
Kalavaadiya Pozhuthugal ( English : Stolen Moments ) is an unreleased Tamil - language romance film written and directed by Thangar Bachan .
Three Sad Tigers ( Spanish : Tres tristes tigres ) is a 1968 Chilean drama film directed by Raúl Ruiz .
The Killer Must Kill Again ( Italian : L'assassino è costretto ad uccidere ancora ) is a 1975 Italian giallo film directed by Luigi Cozzi .
Saint Ange , also known as House of Voices , is a 2004 French - Romanian horror film written and directed by Pascal Laugier .
Death Watch ( French : La Mort en direct ) is a 1980 science fiction film directed by Bertrand Tavernier .
The God Who Was n't There is a 2005 independent documentary written and directed by Brian Flemming .
Udan Pirappu is a 1993 Tamil drama directed by P. Vasu .
Goodbye First Love ( French : Un amour de jeunesse ) is a 2011 Franco - German film directed by Mia Hansen - Løve .
La Horde ( English title : The Horde ) is a 2009 French horror film co - written and directed by Yannick Dahan and Benjamin Rocher , it stars Claude Perron , Jean - Pierre Martins , Eriq Ebouaney and Aurélien Recoing .
Alice Does n't Live Here Anymore is a 1974 American comedy drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Robert Getchell .
Quando c'era lui ... caro lei ! ( traslation : `` When he was there ... you dear ! '' ) is a 1978 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giancarlo Santi .
Il corsaro della mezzaluna , internationally released as Pirate of the Half Moon , is a 1957 Italian adventure film directed by Giuseppe Maria Scotese and starring John Derek .
The Words of My Father ( Italian : Le parole di mio padre ) is a 2001 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini .
Half Past Dead is a 2002 American action film written and directed by Don Michael Paul in his directorial debut , and produced by Steven Seagal , who also starred in the lead role .
Last Chance Harvey is a 2008 British - American romantic drama film written and directed by Joel Hopkins .
Lagaan ( English : Taxation ) is a 2001 Indian epic sports - drama film written and directed by Ashutosh Gowariker .
The Trial of Joan of Arc ( French : Procès de Jeanne d'Arc ) is a 1962 historical film by the French director Robert Bresson .
The Poker House , subsequently retitled as Behind Closed Doors , is a 2008 American drama film written and directed by Lori Petty , in her directorial debut .
An Italian in America ( Italian : Un italiano in America ) is a 1967 Commedia all'italiana film co - written and directed by Alberto Sordi and starring the same Sordi opposite Vittorio De Sica .
Veronika Voss ( German : Die Sehnsucht der Veronika Voss , `` The Longing of Veronika Voss '' ) is a black - and - white 1982 film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Camorra , internationally released as Gang War in Naples , is a 1972 Italian crime - drama film written and directed by Pasquale Squitieri .
Graveyard Disturbance ( aka A Night in a Cemetery and Una notte al cimitero ) is a 1987 Italian horror made - for - TV movie directed by Lamberto Bava and written by Dardano Sacchetti .
It is based on the novel Cirkus Columbia by well known Bosnian Croat writer Ivica Đikić .
A Haunted House is a 2013 American parody comedy film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans .
De forældreløse ( English : The orphans ) was a 1937 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Peter Lykke - Seest , starring Esben Lykke - Seest and Lullu Hansteen .
Until the End of the World ( German : Bis ans Ende der Welt ) is a 1991 drama science fiction film by the German film director Wim Wenders ; the screenplay was written by Wenders and Peter Carey , from a story by Wenders and Solveig Dommartin .
Tiempo de Silencio ( English : Time of Silence ) is a 1986 Spanish film directed by Vicente Aranda adapted from a well - regarded novel written by Luis Martín - Santos .
Everyday Life in a Syrian Village ( Arabic : الحياة اليومية في قرية سورية‎ ) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay .
I Think I Love My Wife is a 2007 romantic comedy film starring Chris Rock and Kerry Washington .
`` Wait for It '' is the first episode in the third season of the television series How I Met Your Mother and 45th episode overall .
Life with Tom is a 1953 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short , directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley .
Gaudy Night ( 1935 ) is a mystery novel by Dorothy L. Sayers , the tenth in her popular series about aristocratic sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey , and the third featuring crime writer Harriet Vane .
`` Season of Death '' is an episode from the third season of the Australian television series Farscape , written by Richard Manning and directed by Ian Watson .
When You 've Got to Go is the second episode of the eighth British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally broadcast on Wednesday 12 September 1975 .
`` On with the Dance '' is the first episode of the fifth and final series of the period drama Upstairs , Downstairs .
`` Made to Suffer '' is the eighth episode and mid - season finale of the third season of the post - apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead .
Devil 's Feud Cake is a 1963 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short featuring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam .
Trojan Odyssey is a Dirk Pitt novel by Clive Cussler , published first in 2003 .
Battle for the Park is the seventh ( and in linear terms the final ) book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series .
Magic Casements was the seventh episode of the first series of the British television series , Upstairs , Downstairs .
`` The Safety Inspector '' is the eight episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series .
`` Hannah Banana '' is the fifth episode of the eighth season of the animated series Family Guy .
`` Sex , Pies and Idiot Scrapes '' is the season premiere of The Simpsons '' twentieth season , and first aired September 28 , 2008 .
The Audi A6 is an executive car made by the German automaker Audi AG , now in its fourth generation .
The Kalahari Typing School for Men is the fourth in The No . 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith , set in Gaborone , Botswana , and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe .
`` Evicted ! '' is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series Adventure Time .
The Fire Engine That Disappeared ( Brandbilen som försvann , 1969 ) is the fifth in the ' Martin Beck ' detective series by Sjöwall and Wahlöö .
A Shadow on the Glass is the first novel in The View from the Mirror quartet .
`` The Telltale Head '' is the eighth episode of The Simpsons ' first season , and it originally aired February 25 , 1990 .
Vampire Rites ( also called the Vampire Mountain trilogy ) is the second trilogy in The Saga of Darren Shan by author Darren Shan .
Stranger in Possum Meadows is the fifty - second episode ( the seventeenth episode of the third season ( 1988 - -89 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
The Haunted Air is the sixth volume in a series of Repairman Jack books written by American author F. Paul Wilson .
The Murder Room is a 2003 detective novel and the 12th in the Adam Dalgliesh series by P. D. James .
The Hand of Fear is the second serial of the 14th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 2 October to 23 October 1976 .
`` Into the Dalek '' is the second episode of the eighth series of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who , written by Phil Ford and Steven Moffat , directed by Ben Wheatley , and first broadcast on 30 August 2014 .
Blood Follows is a novella by Steven Erikson set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen .
Shooting Pains is the sixth and final episode of the first series in the British comedy series Dad 's Army , which was originally transmitted on Wednesday 11 September 1968 .
`` Roasted Guy '' is the sixteenth episode of the 13th season of the animated sitcom Family Guy , and the 247th episode overall .
`` Half - Wit '' is the fifteenth episode of the third season of House and premiered on the FOX network on March 6 , 2007 .
I , Q is a 2000 Star Trek novel by John de Lancie and Peter David , set in the Star Trek : The Next Generation fictional universe .
`` The Prisoner of Benda '' is the 10th episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom , Futurama .
`` Basil the Rat '' is the sixth and final episode of the second series of the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers and the final episode of the programme as a whole .
Holy Enchilada ! is the sixth book in the Hank Zipzer book series by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver .
`` The Daedalus Variations '' is the 84th episode of the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis , and is the fourth episode in the series ' fifth season .
The Gods of War is the fourth novel in the Emperor series , written by British author Conn Iggulden .
`` Michael 's Birthday '' is the nineteenth episode of the second season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's twenty - fifth episode overall .
`` Maxxie and Anwar '' is the sixth episode of the first series of the British teen drama Skins .
Ringworld 's Children is a 2004 science fiction novel by Larry Niven , the fourth in the Ringworld series set in the Known Space universe .
`` A Katy or a Gaga '' is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee , and the ninety - second episode overall .
`` Goodbye , Toby '' is the fourth season hour - long finale of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's seventy - first and seventy - second episodes overall .
`` Gourmet Night '' is the fifth episode in the first series of the BBC TV sitcom Fawlty Towers .
`` The Untitled Rachel Berry Project '' is the twentieth episode and season finale of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee , and the 108th episode overall .
`` The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire '' , written by British author Arthur Conan Doyle , is one of 12 Sherlock Holmes stories collected between 1921 - 1927 as The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes .
Turn Coat is the 11th book in The Dresden Files , Jim Butcher 's continuing series about wizard detective Harry Blackstone Copperfield Dresden .
`` The Great Patty Caper '' , also known as `` Mystery with a Twistery '' , is the 17th episode of the seventh season and the 143rd overall episode of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants .
A Picture of Freedom is a children 's historical novel written by Patricia C. McKissack and published by Scholastic in 1997 as part of their Dear America series .
Irish Eyes is the fifth of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley .
The Saint Steps In is the title of a mystery novel by Leslie Charteris featuring his creation , Simon Templar , alias The Saint .
Uninvited Guests is the twelfth episode of the fourth series of the British comedy TV series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday , 11 December 1970 .
A Lion Among Men is the third novel in Gregory Maguire 's The Wicked Years and was released in the UK on October 2 , 2008 , October 8 in the US , and on October 14 , 2008 in the rest of Europe .
Falcons of Narabedla is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley set in the universe of her Darkover series .
`` Lethal Weapons '' is the seventh episode from the third season of the FOX animated series Family Guy , another episode produced for Season 2 .
`` Lucy Goes to the Hospital '' is an episode of the 1950s American television show I Love Lucy in which the title character , Lucy Ricardo , gives birth to her son , `` Little Ricky , '' after a `` predictably chaotic '' sequence of events .
`` Two Tonys '' is the fifty - third episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the first of the show 's fifth season .
`` Ugly Berry '' is the sixth episode in the third season , the 47th episode overall , of the American dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired on October 30 , 2008 .
The Power of Six is the second book in the young adult science fiction series The Lorien Legacies , written by Pittacus Lore ( James Frey and Jobie Hughes ) .
`` Ron and Tammy '' received highly positive reviews and is widely considered one of the best Parks and Recreation episodes , with many commentators praising Offerman 's performance .
The Hyundai i40 is a large family car designed for the European market by South Korean manufacturer Hyundai .
`` Butters ' Bottom Bitch '' is the ninth episode of the thirteenth season of the American animated television series South Park , and the 190th overall episode of the series .
`` The Uncle Ruckus Reality Show '' is a second season episode of the Adult Swim animated television series The Boondocks .
The Sword Thief is the third book in The 39 Clues series .
`` New City , New Drama '' is the pilot episode of The Hills , the first spin - off of Laguna Beach :
`` Johann Mouse '' is the 75th one - reel animated Tom and Jerry short , created in 1952 directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley and Jakob Gimpel ( who plays the piano in this short ) and narration by Hans Conried .
Taylor Swift and Def Leppard is an episode of the CMT television show CMT Crossroads .
`` Homer at the Bat '' is the seventeenth episode of The Simpsons ' third season , which originally aired February 20 , 1992 .
The Mauritius Command is the fourth naval historical novel in the Aubrey - Maturin series by Patrick O'Brian , first published in 1977 .
`` Bolshoi Booze '' is the thirty - third episode of the American television series Prison Break and is the eleventh episode of its second season .
`` Shelter Skelter '' is the second segment of the thirty - third episode and the ninth episode of the second season ( 1986 - -87 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
`` Trilogy Time '' is the 20th episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , and the 156th episode overall .
`` Episode 6188 '' is the 6188th episode of the Australian soap opera Neighbours .
`` Twilight 's Kingdom '' is the collective name for the twenty - fifth and twenty - sixth episodes of the fourth season of the Canadian - American animated television series My Little Pony : Friendship Is Magic , as well as the ninetieth and ninety - first episodes of the series overall .
The `` Comic Relief special '' was an edition of the BBC sit - com , Only Fools and Horses , recorded as part of the 1997 Comic Relief appeal .
Smitten Kitten is a 1952 American one - reel animated cartoon and is the 66th Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby .
`` Mr. Garrison 's Fancy New Vagina '' is the first episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series South Park .
First Test , is a fantasy novel by Tamora Pierce , the first book in the series Protector of the Small .
Whoever Heard of a Ghost Dying ? is the eighth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
`` Sons of Mogh '' is the 15th episode of the fourth season of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the 87th episode overall .
The Sword of Aldones is a sword and planet novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series .
Windows 3.0 , a graphical environment , is the third major release of Microsoft Windows , and was released on May 22 , 1990 .
Four to Score is the fourth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum .
`` The Almost People '' is the sixth episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was first broadcast on BBC One on 28 May 2011 .
`` People Who Love Peepholes '' is the 179th episode and second episode of the ninth season of the American sitcom Two and a Half Men .
`` Gone for Goode '' is the first episode of the first season of the American police drama television series Homicide : Life on the Street .
What Are Friends For ? is the first segment of the twenty - sixth episode ( the second episode of the second season ( 1986 - -87 ) of the television series The Twilight Zone .
`` Homer Loves Flanders '' is the sixteenth episode of The Simpsons ' fifth season .
Ring Dem Bells is the first episode of the eighth series of the British comedy series Dad 's Army , originally broadcast on 5 September 1975 .
Action Mountain High is the fifth episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life .
Thendara House is a fantasy science fiction novel novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series and is a sequel to The Shattered Chain .
`` Fresh Bones '' is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the science fiction television series The X - Files .
Foundation and Earth is a Locus Award - nominated science fiction novel by Isaac Asimov , the fifth novel of the Foundation series and chronologically the last in the series .
`` The Griffin Family History '' ( also known as `` Untitled Griffin Family History '' ) is the 27th episode of the fourth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy .
Championship Manager 2008 is an iteration in Eidos ' Championship Manager series of computer games .
`` 11001001 '' is the 15th episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation .
`` Marge vs. the Monorail '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons '' fourth season .
Saturday Evening Puss ' is a 1950 one - reel animated cartoon and is the 48th Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera who created the cat and mouse duo ten years earlier .
Cruel Zinc Melodies is the twelfth novel in Glen Cook 's ongoing Garrett P.I. series .
`` Vendetta for a Dead Man '' is the twenty fourth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
`` The Boys of Bummer '' is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' eighteenth season , which originally aired on April 29 , 2007 .
The Peugeot 207 is a supermini car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from 2006 to 2012 .
Polka - Dot Puss is a 1949 one - reel animated cartoon and is the 39th Tom and Jerry short produced in 1948 and released on February 26 , 1949 .
`` The Deconstruction of Falling Stars '' is the final episode of the fourth season of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 .
`` A Man Walks Into a Bar ... '' is the 14th episode in the eighth season , and the 176th overall episode , of the American crime drama television series NCIS .
Industrial Magic , the fourth in the Women of the Otherworld series , is a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong .
`` Jaynestown '' is the seventh episode of the science fiction television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon .
`` Journey to Where '' is the fifth episode of the second series of Space : 1999 ( and the twenty - ninth overall episode of the programme ) .
Facing Fearful Odds is the twelfth episode of the fourth series of the period drama Upstairs , Downstairs .
`` Welcome to Swift and Shift '' is the first episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series .
`` The Wedding of River Song '' is the thirteenth and final episode in the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , and was first broadcast on BBC One on 1 October 2011 .
Pretoria Heat is a basketball team in from Pretoria , Gauteng Province , South Africa .
The Sunnehanna Amateur , officially the Sunnehanna Amateur Tournament for Champions , is a men 's amateur golf tournament .
Edwige Lawson ( born May 14 , 1979 , in Rennes , Ille - et - Vilaine , Brittany ) , also Edwige Lawson - Wade , is a French professional women 's basketball player .
KK Ulcinj ( Cyrillic : КК Улцињ ; Albanian : KB Ulqini ) is a professional basketball club from the city of Ulcinj , Montenegro .
The Georgetown University Rugby Football Club is the intercollegiate men 's rugby union team that represents Georgetown University in the USA Rugby league .
Mary Welsh Hemingway ( April 5 , 1908 -- November 26 , 1986 ) was an American journalist and author , who was the fourth wife and widow of Ernest Hemingway .
Clytemnestra , also spelled Clytaemnestra ( pronounced /ˌklaɪtəmˈniːstrə/ ; Greek : Κλυταιμνήστρα , ( klytai̯mnɛ̌ːstra ) ) , in ancient Greek legend , was the wife of Agamemnon , ruler of the Ancient Greek kingdom of Mycenae or Argos .
Nonia Celsa is the name given by the Historia Augusta to the wife of Roman Emperor Macrinus , who ruled briefly in 217 - -218 .
In 1935 , Duncan Sandys married Diana Churchill , daughter of the future prime minister Winston Churchill .
Mary Williamson Averell ( July 22 , 1851 -- November 7 , 1932 ) was an American philanthropist and the wife of railroad executive E. H. Harriman .
Batrachiderpeton is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Keraterpetontidae .
Oreothlypis is a genus of New World warbler .
Sporobolus vaginiflorus is a species of grass known by the common names poverty grass , poverty dropseed , and sheathed dropseed .
Abraliopsis morisii is a species of bioluminescent squid in the family Enoploteuthidae .
Treeswifts or crested swifts are a family , Hemiprocnidae , of aerial near passerine birds , closely related to the true swifts .
