award received	On 1 June 2006, the Dalai Lama bestowed the International Campaign for Tibet's Light of Truth Award upon the Hergé Foundation, along with South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu.	Hergé Foundation	Light of Truth Award
award received	Ernesto Teodoro Moneta (September 20, 1833 in Milan, Lombardy -- February 10, 1918) was an Italian journalist, nationalist, revolutionary soldier and later a pacifist and Nobel Peace Prize Laureate.	Ernesto Teodoro Moneta	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Moshe Schnitzer was awarded the Israel Prize in 2004, the highest civilian award given by Israel.	Moshe Schnitzer	Israel Prize
award received	Hans Roeger (13 July 1920 -- 12 April 2009) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hans Roeger	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	10 April 1945 - Member of the Order of the British Empire - Captain (temporary Major) William Frederick James Harvey, D.F.C. (73684), Royal Artillery, Territorial Army.	William Frederick James Harvey	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Karel Satsuit Tubun (14 October 1928 -- 1 October 1965) was an Indonesian police officer who is now regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia.	Karel Satsuit Tubun	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Franz Scheidies (22 December 1890 -- 7 April 1942) was a German general during the Second World War and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub), serving in the infantry.	Franz Scheidies	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Nadira Babbar (Urdu: نادرہ ببّر‎, Hindi: नादिरा बब्बर; born 20 January 1948) is an Indian theatre actress, director and an actress in Hindi cinema, who is the recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2001.	Nadira Babbar	Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
award received	Erich Göstl (17 April 1925 -- 28 October 1990) was a member of the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Erich Göstl	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	The Yiddish Policemen's Union won a number of science fiction awards: the Nebula Award for Best Novel, the Locus Award for Best SF Novel, the Hugo Award for Best Novel, and the Sidewise Award for Alternate History for Best Novel.	The Yiddish Policemen's Union	Nebula Award for Best Novel	Hugo Award for Best Novel
award received	2006 Guggenheim Fellowship 2014 National Book Critics Circle Award (Criticism) finalist for What Would Lynne Tillman Do?	Lynne Tillman	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Naushad was conferred the Dadasaheb Phalke Award and the Padma Bhushan in 1982 and 1992, respectively, for his contribution to the Bollywood film industry.	Naushad	Dadasaheb Phalke Award	Padma Bhushan
award received	Robert Clarkson Tredgold was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1943 New Year Honours.	Robert Clarkson Tredgold	Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George
award received	On 3 March, VanVelzen received the prestigious Dutch music award, the Golden Harp, for his contribution to Dutch popmusic, becoming one of only 42 artists to ever have done so.	VanVelzen	Golden Harp
award received	Paul Guhl (1 June 1916 -- 16 April 1997) was a Sturmbannführer (Major), in the Waffen-SS who as awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 4 June 1944.	Paul Guhl	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	James Farquharson (1781--1843) was a Scottish minister, scientific writer, and Fellow of the Royal Society.	James Farquharson	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Louis-Albert Bourgault-Ducoudray (2 February 1840 -- 4 July 1910) was a French Breton composer, pianist, and professor of music history/theory at the Conservatoire de Paris as well as a Prix de Rome laureate.	Louis-Albert Bourgault-Ducoudray	Prix de Rome
award received	In 2001, Silma Ihram was a recipient of the Centenary Medal, and in 2005 was named Muslim Woman of the Decade.	Silma Ihram	Centenary Medal
award received	Voldemārs Ozols (October 17, 1884, Vidreja, Vitebsk Governorate -- July 12, 1949) was a Latvian military commander, lieutenant colonel, honored with the Order of Lāčplēsis, one of the Latvian Riflemen, a military theorist, and a right wing politician.	Voldemārs Ozols	Order of Lāčplēsis
award received	Stewart Haslinger (born 25 November 1981 in Ainsdale, Merseyside) is an English chess Grandmaster and former British Junior champion.	Stewart Haslinger	Grandmaster
award received	On 5 July 2011 Russia's President Dmitry Medvedev posthumously awarded Maksud Sadikov with Order of Courage in a meeting with North Caucasus Muftis and religious leaders in Vladikavkaz.	Maksud Sadikov	Order of Courage
award received	Alexander Fersman was awarded the Lenin Prize (1929), USSR State Prize (1942), Wollaston Medal of the Geological Society of London (1943), and Order of the Red Banner of Labour.	Alexander Fersman	Wollaston Medal	Order of the Red Banner of Labour
award received	Charles H. Tracy (October 3, 1833 - September 13, 1911) was an infantry soldier who received the Medal of Honor while serving in the Union Army during the American Civil War for two acts of bravery.	Charles H. Tracy	Medal of Honor
award received	Ljubomir Ljubojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Љубојевић) is a Serbian Grandmaster of chess.	Ljubomir Ljubojević	Grandmaster
award received	William J. Johnston, Sr., (August 15, 1918 -- May 29, 1990) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in World War II.	William J. Johnston	Medal of Honor
award received	Moana-Nui-a-Kiwa Ngarimu VC (7 April 1918 -- 27 March 1943) was a New Zealand soldier and posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Moana-Nui-a-Kiwa Ngarimu	Victoria Cross
award received	Tim Weiner (born June 20, 1956) is a former New York Times reporter, author of four books and co-author of a fifth, and winner of the Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award.	Tim Weiner	National Book Award
award received	Ratna Fabri was a noted museologist of India who was awarded Padma Shri in 1971 for her achievements.	Ratna Fabri	Padma Shri
award received	Alexis Carrel (French: (alɛksi kaʁɛl); 28 June 1873 -- 5 November 1944) was a French surgeon and biologist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1912 for pioneering vascular suturing techniques.	Alexis Carrel	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Sir Peter Mansfield FRS, (born 9 October 1933), is an English physicist who was awarded the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, shared with Paul Lauterbur, for discoveries concerning Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI).	Peter Mansfield	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	In 2006, Pankaj Udhas was awarded the coveted Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award.	Pankaj Udhas	Padma Shri
award received	Raden Panji Soeroso (alt, Suroso) (born in Porong, Sidoarjo, East Java, Dutch East Indies, 3 November 1893 - died in Indonesia, 16 May 1981 at the age of 87 years) was a politician, Sarekat Islam activist, and a National Hero of Indonesia.	Soeroso	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Dr. Hermann Kremer (28 September 1914 -- 24 December 1988) was a highly decorated Major of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hermann Kremer	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Peter Scoones (27 October 1937 -- 20 April 2014) was an Emmy Award winning underwater cameraman known for his evocative work on the oceans.	Peter Scoones	Emmy Award
award received	Paul Freiherr von Hauser (24 April 1911 -- 1 April 1999) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Paul Freiherr von Hauser	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	In 2011, Prince Claus Awards, theme Breaking taboos In 2013, Tsering Woeser was awarded the International Women of Courage Award	Woeser	International Women of Courage Award
award received	Josef-Hubert Adrian (25 September 1911 -- Missing in action March 1945) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Josef-Hubert Adrian	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Henry F. Frizzell (December 1839 -- May 1904) was a Union Army soldier and Medal of Honor recipient.	Henry F. Frizzell	Medal of Honor
award received	Elmar Magerramov (Azerbaijani: Elmar Məhərrəmov; Russian: Эльмар Магеррамов; born April 10, 1958 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is an international chess Grandmaster.	Elmar Magerramov	Grandmaster
award received	Michael Allmand VC (22 August 1923 -- 24 June 1944) was an English Second World War recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Michael Allmand	Victoria Cross
award received	In August 2012, Mexican Ambassador to Spain Francisco Javier Ramírez Acuña accepted the Menéndez Pelayo International Prize on Ernesto de la Peña's behalf, as the writer was too ill to travel to Menéndez Pelayo International University in Santander, Spain, to accept it in person.	Ernesto de la Peña	Menéndez Pelayo International Prize
award received	Heinrich Boigk (30 October 1912 -- 28 March 2003) was a Leutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Heinrich Boigk	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Philippe Balthazar de Gand (4 October 1616 - 27 February 1680), Count of Isenghien, was a French nobleman and Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.	Philippe Balthazar de Gand	Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece
award received	Alicia Borinsky has won several awards for her work, including the Latino Literature Prize in 1996 and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2001.	Alicia Borinsky	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Konrad Heubeck (22 April 1918 -- 1 September 1987) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross holder and a member of the Waffen SS he held the rank of Untersturmfuhrer.	Konrad Heubeck	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 1987, a bronze sculpture of Birger Ruud, by the Norwegian sculptor Per Ung, was set up in Ruud's native town of Kongsberg, and in 1991 he was awarded the Egebergs Ærespris for his achievements in ski jumping and alpine skiing.	Birger Ruud	Egebergs Ærespris
award received	Daniel Cambridge VC (27 March 1820 -- 4 June 1882) born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, Ireland, was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Daniel Cambridge	Victoria Cross
award received	Carmel Budiardjo (born 18 June 1925) is a British human rights activist, founder of the organisation Tapol and a recipient of the Right Livelihood Award.	Carmel Budiardjo	Right Livelihood Award
award received	Ross Lindsey Iams (April 5, 1879--March 25, 1952) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor for actions in Haiti on November 17, 1915.	Ross Lindsey Iams	Medal of Honor
award received	Willem Jan Otten (born 4 October 1951) is a Dutch prose writer, playwright and poet, who in 2014 won the P. C. Hooft Award for lifetime literary achievement.	Willem Jan Otten	P. C. Hooft Award
award received	Russell Brower is an American music composer and three-time Emmy Award-winning sound designer who has created sounds for Tiny Toon Adventures, Animaniacs and Batman:	Russell Brower	Emmy Award
award received	Kurt Plenzat (17 January 1914 -- 17 November 1998) was a German Hauptmann and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during the Second World War.	Kurt Plenzat	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	George Pereira was commissioned into the Grenadier Guards and served in China (1900) with the 1st Chinese Regiment, where he received the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) for his services during the Boxer Rebellion.	George Pereira	Distinguished Service Order
award received	Ian Grant (born 15 December 1930) is a British physicist and a Fellow of the Royal Society.	Ian Grant	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	Jean-Pierre Renouard is commandeur de la Légion d'honneur, Médaille de la Résistance, Croix de Guerre 39-45.	Jean-Pierre Renouard	Médaille de la Résistance
award received	Robert F. Stryker (November 9, 1944 -- November 7, 1967) was a United States Army soldier who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Vietnam War.	Robert F. Stryker	Medal of Honor
award received	Frederick Corbett VC (17 September 1853 -- 25 September 1912) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Frederick Corbett	Victoria Cross
award received	In 1997, The Naked Spur was added to the United States National Film Registry, being deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.''	The Naked Spur	National Film Registry
award received	Maria Kotarba was recognised as Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem on September 18, 2005 for risking her life to save the lives of Jewish prisoners in two Nazi concentration camps.	Maria Kotarba	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	In November 2011, Ela Bhatt was selected for the Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and Development 2011 for her lifetime achievements in empowering women through grassroots entrepreneurship.	Ela Bhatt	Indira Gandhi Prize
award received	George Fraser Kerr VC, MC & Bar, MM, (8 June 1895 -- 8 December 1929) was a Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest military award given to British and Commonwealth forces for gallantry in the face of the enemy.	George Fraser Kerr	Victoria Cross
award received	Dibyendu Barua (দিব্যেন্দু বড়ুয়া) (born October 27, 1966) is a chess Grandmaster from the city of Kolkata (Calcutta) in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Dibyendu Barua	Grandmaster
award received	On April 21, 1985, Yad Vashem recognized Suzanne Spaak as Righteous Among the Nations.	Suzanne Spaak	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Olle Hagnell was awarded the Rema Lapouse Award in 1978 for his scientific work with the Lundby Study and his contributions in the area of psychiatric epidemiology.	Olle Hagnell	Rema Lapouse Award
award received	Kariamu Welsh is a contemporary dance choreographer and scholar whose awards include a National Endowment for the Arts and a Guggenheim Fellowship.	Kariamu Welsh	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Brittany Andrews (born Michelle Barry on August 13, 1973 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American exotic dancer, pornographic actress, film producer, and club DJ. In 2008, Andrews was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.	Brittany Andrews	AVN Hall of Fame
award received	Aleksandr Stolper was awarded Stalin Prize in 1949 and 1951 and received honorary title People's Artist of the USSR in 1977.	Aleksandr Stolper	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Essam El-Gindy (also known as Essam El-Gendy and Esam Mohamed Ahmed Nagib; born 14 July 1966 in Cairo) is an Egyptian chess Grandmaster and FIDE Trainer.	Essam El-Gindy	Grandmaster
award received	Catherine-Dominique de Pérignon, 1st Marquis de Grenade (May 31, 1754 -- December 25, 1818) was Marshal of France.	Catherine-Dominique de Pérignon	Marshal of France
award received	Jean de La Baume (dead after 25 January 1435 ) was a Marshal of France from 1422	Jean de La Baume	Marshal of France
award received	In 1958, the Government of India honoured Devika Rani with a Padma Shri, the country's fourth highest civilian honour.	Devika Rani	Padma Shri
award received	Aracy de Carvalho Guimarães Rosa (née Aracy Moebius de Carvalho) (December 5, 1908 -- February 28, 2011) was a Brazilian diplomatic clerk who has been recognized with the title of Righteous Among the Nations.	Aracy de Carvalho Guimarães Rosa	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	John Chipman Kerr VC (January 11, 1887 -- February 19, 1963), was a Canadian recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	John Chipman Kerr	Victoria Cross
award received	Charles Barthold is a news photographer for WHO-TV of Des Moines, Iowa, who won the 1976 Peabody Award for his film and photography of the Jordan Tornado in Jordan, Iowa.	Charles Barthold	Peabody Award
award received	Deepak B. Phatak, (born 2 April 1948) is an Indian computer scientist and academic, and a recipient of the Padma Shri Award for his contribution in science and technology in 2013.	Deepak B. Phatak	Padma Shri
award received	Vladislav Volkov was decorated twice as the Hero of the Soviet Union (first on October 22, 1969 and posthumously on June 30, 1971).	Vladislav Volkov	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	In 1984 Anna Rosmus received the ``Geschwister-Scholl-Preis'', a literary prize by the association of Bavaria's Publishers and the City of Munich, for she ``has mustered the highly inconvenient courage to reject the ready-framed historical picture of her hometown.''	Anna Rosmus	Geschwister-Scholl-Preis
cast member	Assault on Dome 4 is a 1997 American science-fiction film, starring Joseph Culp, Bruce Campbell, Jocelyn Seagrave, and Brion James.	Assault on Dome 4	Bruce Campbell	Jocelyn Seagrave	Brion James
cast member	Kya Love Story Hai (English: What a Love Story) is a 2007 Bollywood film starring Ayesha Takia and Tusshar Kapoor in the lead roles.	Kya Love Story Hai	Ayesha Takia
cast member	Villa Zone (Bulgarian: Вилна зона / Vilna zona) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1975, directed by Eduard Zahariev, starring Itzhak Fintzi, Katya Paskaleva, Naum Shopov, Anton Karastoyanov, Evstati Stratev, Valcho Kamarashev and Georgi Rusev.	Villa Zone	Itzhak Fintzi	Katya Paskaleva	Naum Shopov
cast member	Schiele in Prison is a 1980 British independent film directed by Mick Gold and starring David Suchet as Gustav Klimt, Grant Cathro as Egon Schiele and Nicholas Selby as The Judge.	Schiele in Prison	David Suchet
cast member	My Own United States is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John W. Noble and starring Arnold Daly, Charles Graham, and Duncan McRae.	My Own United States	Arnold Daly
cast member	State's Evidence is an independent film created in 2004 and released in 2006, directed by Benjamin Louis and starring Douglas Smith, Alexa Vega, Majandra Delfino, Kris Lemche, Cody McMains, and Drew Tyler Bell.	State's Evidence	Douglas Smith	Alexa Vega	Majandra Delfino	Kris Lemche	Cody McMains	Drew Tyler Bell
cast member	The Adventures of Aggie is a black-and-white sitcom starring Joan Shawlee that was made by ME Films and broadcast on ITV.	The Adventures of Aggie	Joan Shawlee
cast member	Now, Voyager is a 1942 American drama film starring Bette Davis, Paul Henreid, and Claude Rains, and directed by Irving Rapper.	Now, Voyager	Bette Davis	Paul Henreid	Claude Rains
cast member	Sadaa Suhagan is a 1986 Bollywood drama film produced by Vijay Soorma, Rajeev Kumar on Vidya Shree Films banner, directed by Tatineni Rama Rao and starring Jeetendra, Rekha, Govinda in the lead roles and music composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal.	Sadaa Suhagan	Jeetendra	Rekha	Govinda
cast member	Making of a Male Model is a 1983 American television film starring Joan Collins and Jon-Erik Hexum.	Making of a Male Model	Joan Collins	Jon-Erik Hexum
cast member	False Servant (French: La Fausse Suivante) is a 2000 French comedy-drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Isabelle Huppert.	False Servant	Isabelle Huppert
cast member	Baa Baaro Rasika (Kannada: ಬಾ ಬಾರೋ ರಸಿಕ) is a 2004 Indian Kannada-language romantic film starring Sunil Raoh, Ramya Krishna and Ashitha in the lead roles.	Baa Baaro Rasika	Sunil Raoh
cast member	Jamie at Home is a British cookery programme presented by Jamie Oliver.	Jamie at Home	Jamie Oliver
cast member	Ashokavana is an upcoming 2015 Kannada-language Indian feature film directed by Sam J Chaitanya, starring Mohan, Tejaswini Prakash, Harshavardhana and Komal Kumar.	Ashokavana	Mohan
cast member	Leatherheads is a 2008 American sports comedy film from Universal Pictures directed by and starring George Clooney.	Leatherheads	George Clooney
cast member	Bombay Priyudu is a 1996 Telugu romance film, starring J. D. Chakravarthy and Rambha in the lead roles.	Bombay Priyudu	J. D. Chakravarthy	Rambha
cast member	The Schorrsiegel Affair (German:Die Sache mit Schorrsiegel) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Jaap Speyer that featured Bernhard Goetzke, Walter Rilla and Anita Dorris.	The Schorrsiegel Affair	Bernhard Goetzke
cast member	Chattamtho Poratam (Telugu: చట్టంతో పోరాటం, English: Fight with the Law) is a 1985 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi in the lead role.	Chattamtho Poratam	Chiranjeevi
cast member	Dil Ka Rishta (Hindi: दिल का रिश्ता, Urdu: دل کا رشتہ, English: Relationship of the heart) is a Bollywood movie, directed by Naresh Malhotra and produced by Aditya Rai, Aishwarya Rai's brother.	Dil Ka Rishta	Aishwarya Rai
cast member	Il ragazzo che sorride (Italian for The boy who smiles) is a 1969 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Susanna Martinková.	Il ragazzo che sorride	Susanna Martinková
cast member	Women Love Diamonds is a 1927 black and white silent melodrama directed by Edmund Goulding and starring Pauline Starke, Owen Moore, and Lionel Barrymore.	Women Love Diamonds	Pauline Starke	Owen Moore	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	Dancing with Time (Tanz mit der Zeit) is a film by Trevor Peters about the autobiography Dance Theater Zeit -- tanzen seit 1927 by Heike Hennig.	Dancing with Time	Heike Hennig
cast member	I Don't Know Much, But I'll Say Everything (French: Je sais rien, mais je dirai tout) is a 1973 French comedy film directed by Pierre Richard.	I Don't Know Much, But I'll Say Everything	Pierre Richard
cast member	El extraño caso del doctor Fausto is a 1969 Spanish drama film directed by and starring Gonzalo Suárez.	El extraño caso del doctor Fausto	Gonzalo Suárez
cast member	Secret Service of the Imperial Court, also known as Police Pool of Blood, is a 1984 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and starring Bryan Leung.	Secret Service of the Imperial Court	Bryan Leung
cast member	Her Bitter Cup (alternate title A Heart's Crucible) is a 1916 American silent film directed by Cleo Madison.	Her Bitter Cup	Cleo Madison
cast member	Lucky and Zorba (Italian: La gabbianella e il gatto; literally ``The Little Seagull and The Cat'') is a 1998 Italian traditional animation film directed by Enzo D'Alò, based on The Story of A Seagull and The Cat Who Taught Her To Fly by Luis Sepúlveda.	Lucky and Zorba	Luis Sepúlveda
cast member	Adhe Neram Adhe Idam (English: Same Time, Same Place) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film written and directed by M. Prabhu, which stars Jai and Vijayalakshmi in lead roles.	Adhe Neram Adhe Idam	Jai	Vijayalakshmi
cast member	An Unreasonable Man is a 2006 documentary film that traces the life and career of political activist Ralph Nader, the founder of modern consumer protection in America and perennial presidential candidate.	An Unreasonable Man	Ralph Nader
cast member	Alan Ladd as Salty O'Rourke Gail Russell as Barbara Brooks William Demarest as Smitty Stanley Clements as Johnny Cates Bruce Cabot as Doc Baxter David Clyde as Square MacPherson	Salty O'Rourke	William Demarest	Bruce Cabot
cast member	Dakhal (The Occupation) is a 1981 Indian Bengali film directed by Gautam Ghose, with Mamata Shankar, Robin Sen Gupta, Sunil Mukherjee and Sujal Roy Chowdhury in lead roles.	Dakhal	Mamata Shankar
cast member	Young Lady Chatterley is 1977 erotic film starring Harlee McBride.	Young Lady Chatterley	Harlee McBride
cast member	Heads Up, Charley (German: Kopf hoch, Charly!) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Willi Wolff and starring Ellen Richter, Anton Pointner, and Michael Bohnen.	Heads Up, Charley	Ellen Richter	Anton Pointner	Michael Bohnen
cast member	Queen of the Night Clubs is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical drama film produced and directed by Bryan Foy, distributed by Warner Bros., and starring legendary nightclub hostess Texas Guinan.	Queen of the Night Clubs	Texas Guinan
cast member	Ghost Team One is a 2013 independent comedy horror film directed by Scott Rutherford and Ben Peyser, and starring Carlos Santos and J.R. Villarreal as two room-mates who flat in a haunted apartment.	Ghost Team One	Carlos Santos
cast member	Zoltán Latinovits, as Szindbád Margit Dajka, as Majmunka Éva Ruttkai, as Lenke	Szindbád	Zoltán Latinovits	Margit Dajka	Éva Ruttkai
cast member	Silvia Pérez as Silvana Rodrigo de la Serna as José Érica Rivas as Ana Sofia Gala as Maria Luisa Carmen Maura as Alone, a literary critic and Tetro's mentor.	Tetro	Rodrigo de la Serna	Carmen Maura
cast member	Japanil Kalyanaraman (Kalyanaraman in Japan) is a 1985 Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist.	Japanil Kalyanaraman	Kamal Haasan
cast member	Meet Nero Wolfe (1936) At the West Hills Golf Club in Westchester, E.J. Kimball (Walter Kingsford) and his son Manuel (Russell Hardie) are welcomed into the party of elderly Professor Barstow (Boyd Irwin Sr.) and his prospective son-in-law Claude Roberts (Victor Jory).	Meet Nero Wolfe	Walter Kingsford	Victor Jory
cast member	The Cow's Kimona is a 1926 American film starring Glenn Tryon and featuring Oliver Hardy.	The Cow's Kimona	Glenn Tryon
cast member	Anthropophagous 2000 is a 1999 German horror film directed by Andreas Schnaas, and written by Karl-Heinz Geisendorf.	Anthropophagous 2000	Andreas Schnaas
cast member	She'll Follow You Anywhere is a 1971 British comedy film directed by David C. Rea and starring Kenneth Cope, Keith Barron and Richard Vernon.	She'll Follow You Anywhere	Kenneth Cope	Keith Barron	Richard Vernon
cast member	Julie Johnson is a 2001 independent American drama film directed by Bob Gosse, and starring Lili Taylor, Courtney Love, and Mischa Barton.	Julie Johnson	Lili Taylor	Courtney Love	Mischa Barton
cast member	Skibet er ladet med is a 1960 Danish comedy film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Kjeld Petersen.	Skibet er ladet med	Kjeld Petersen
cast member	The Crazy Companies (Chinese: 最佳損友) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Wong Jing, and starring Andy Lau and Natalis Chan.	The Crazy Companies	Andy Lau
cast member	Celebrity guests in attendance for the Chicago portion of WrestleMania 2 included Clara Peller, Dick Butkus, Ed Jones, Ozzy Osbourne, Bill Fralic, Ernie Holmes, Harvey Martin, Jim Covert, Russ Francis, William Perry, and Cathy Lee Crosby.	WrestleMania 2	Jim Covert	William Perry
cast member	Peace to Us in Our Dreams (Lithuanian: Ramybė mūsų sapnuose) is a 2015 Lithuanian drama film written, directed by and starring Šarūnas Bartas.	Peace to Us in Our Dreams	Šarūnas Bartas
cast member	Street Scenes, also known as Street Scenes 1970 is a documentary directed by Martin Scorsese.	Street Scenes	Martin Scorsese
cast member	The Gold of Naples (Italian: L'oro di Napoli (ˈlɔːro di ˈnaːpoli)) is a 1954 Italian anthology film directed by Vittorio De Sica.	The Gold of Naples	Vittorio De Sica
cast member	Beyond the Curtain is a 1960 British drama film written and directed by Compton Bennett and starring Richard Greene and Eva Bartok.	Beyond the Curtain	Richard Greene	Eva Bartok
cast member	Mazhavillu is a 1999 Malayalam romance film by Dinesh Baboo, based on his own Kannada movie Amrutha Varshini, with Kunchako Boban, Preeti Jhangiani and Vineeth as lead actors.	Mazhavillu	Preeti Jhangiani	Vineeth
cast member	A Decree of Destiny is a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Mary Pickford and featuring Blanche Sweet.	A Decree of Destiny	Mary Pickford	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Ram Aur Shyam has music by Naushad and lyrics by Shakeel Badayuni, it stars Dilip Kumar, Pran, Waheeda Rehman, Mumtaz, Nirupa Roy.	Ram Aur Shyam	Dilip Kumar	Pran	Waheeda Rehman
cast member	Sapoot (English: Worthy Son) is 1996 Hindi action movie directed by Jagdish A. Sharma and starring Akshay Kumar, Sunil Shetty, Karishma Kapoor, Sonali Bendre.	Sapoot	Akshay Kumar	Sunil Shetty	Sonali Bendre
cast member	Silent Heart (Danish: Stille hjerte, Quiet heart) is a 2014 Danish drama film directed by Bille August, and starring Ghita Nørby, Morten Grunwald, Paprika Steen, and Jens Albinus.	Silent Heart	Ghita Nørby	Morten Grunwald	Paprika Steen
cast member	Heart of Virginia is a 1948 American sports drama film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Janet Martin, Robert Lowery and Frankie Darro.	Heart of Virginia	Janet Martin
cast member	Brain of Blood (also known as The Creature's Revenge, The Oozing Skull, and The Undying Brain) is a 1971 American horror film directed by Al Adamson and starring Grant Williams, Kent Taylor, and Reed Hadley.	Brain of Blood	Grant Williams	Kent Taylor	Reed Hadley
cast member	Our Dancing Daughters is a 1928 American silent drama film, starring Joan Crawford and John Mack Brown, about the ``loosening of youth morals'' that took place during the 1920s.	Our Dancing Daughters	Joan Crawford
cast member	Whispering Smith Hits London , released in the United States as Whispering Smith vs. Scotland Yard is a 1952 British mystery film directed by Francis Searle and starring Richard Carlson, Greta Gynt and Herbert Lom.	Whispering Smith Hits London	Richard Carlson
cast member	Flirting with Forty is a 2008 Lifetime movie, starring Heather Locklear and Robert Buckley.	Flirting with Forty	Heather Locklear
cast member	Fortune's Mask is a 1922 American drama film starring Earle Williams and featuring Oliver Hardy.	Fortune's Mask	Earle Williams
cast member	Calling All Stars is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by Herbert Smith and starring Arthur Askey, Evelyn Dall and Max Bacon.	Calling All Stars	Arthur Askey
cast member	Marinos Kontaras (Manos Katrakis) is a pirate in the Aegean who falls in love with Lemoni and abducts her.	Marinos Kontaras	Manos Katrakis
cast member	X+Y, released in the US as A Brilliant Young Mind, is a 2014 British drama film directed by Morgan Matthews starring Asa Butterfield, Rafe Spall, and Sally Hawkins.	X+Y	Asa Butterfield	Rafe Spall	Sally Hawkins
cast member	A Bell for Adano (1945) is a film directed by Henry King starring John Hodiak and Gene Tierney.	A Bell for Adano	John Hodiak	Gene Tierney
cast member	Parayanumvayya Parayathirikkanumvayya is a 1985 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan for producer Anand, starring Mammootty, Shankar and Menaka with Mohanlal in a guest appearance.	Parayanumvayya Parayathirikkanumvayya	Mammootty
cast member	Sunchaser (titled on-screen as The Sunchaser) is a 1996 film directed by Michael Cimino and starring Woody Harrelson, Jon Seda and Anne Bancroft.	Sunchaser	Woody Harrelson	Jon Seda	Anne Bancroft
cast member	Agence matrimoniale (original title ``Matrimonial Agency'') is a French comedy drama film from 1952, directed by Jean-Paul Le Chanois, written by Jean-Paul Le Chanois, starring Bernard Blier and Louis de Funès.	Agence matrimoniale	Jean-Paul Le Chanois	Bernard Blier	Louis de Funès
cast member	Urban Justice (released in the United Kingdom as Renegade Justice) is a 2007 American action film directed by Don E. Fauntleroy and produced by Steven Seagal, who also starred in the lead role.	Urban Justice	Steven Seagal
cast member	Mahaul Theek Hai (1999) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Indian filmmaker Jaspal Bhatti.	Mahaul Theek Hai	Jaspal Bhatti
cast member	Ekadantha (Kannada: ಏಕದಂತ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language comedy - drama film starring Vishnuvardhan, Prema and Ramesh Aravind in the lead roles.	Ekadantha	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	Villa for Sale (Hungarian: Ez a villa eladó) is a 1935 Hungarian comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Ernő Verebes, Ida Turay and Gyula Kabos.	Villa for Sale	Ida Turay	Gyula Kabos
cast member	Paris Trout is a 1991 drama film directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal, starring Dennis Hopper, Barbara Hershey, and Ed Harris.	Paris Trout	Dennis Hopper	Barbara Hershey	Ed Harris
cast member	Kalyana Galatta (Tamil: கல்யாண கலாட்டா) is a 1998 Indian Tamil comedy film written and directed by Rajkapoor, starring Sathyaraj, Mantra and Khushboo in lead roles.	Kalyana Galatta	Sathyaraj	Mantra
cast member	Pachakuthira (translation: Grasshopper) is a 2006 Malayalam comedy-drama film directed by Kamal and starring Dileep and Gopika.	Pachakuthira	Dileep	Gopika
cast member	Dus Tola (English:Ten Tola units) is a 2010 Indian Hindi comedy drama film, remade from the Hit Malayalam film of the 80s Ponmuttayidunna Tharavu, directed by Ajoy Varma and starring Manoj Bajpai in the lead role.	Dus Tola	Manoj Bajpai
cast member	The Bandit of Zhobe is a 1959 British CinemaScope adventure film directed by John Gilling and starring Victor Mature, Anne Aubrey and Anthony Newley.	The Bandit of Zhobe	Victor Mature	Anthony Newley
cast member	Janda Pai Kapiraju (English: Monkey King on the Flag) is a 2015 Indian Telugu action film written and directed by Samuthirakani featuring Nani and Amala Paul in the lead roles.	Janda Pai Kapiraju	Nani
cast member	Cowboys Cry for It 1925 is a short film comedy starring Stan Laurel.	Cowboys Cry for It	Stan Laurel
cast member	Goodbye Promise is an improvised independent feature film, directed by web source/radio show Film Courage co-creator David Branin, and stars Gregor Collins.	Goodbye Promise	Gregor Collins
cast member	Kid Glove Killer is a 1942 crime film starring Van Heflin as a criminologist investigating the murder of a mayor.	Kid Glove Killer	Van Heflin
cast member	A Prize of Arms is a 1962 British crime film directed by Cliff Owen and starring Stanley Baker, Helmut Schmid, Patrick Magee and Tom Bell with early appearances by several actors including Fulton Mackay, Tom Adams and Rodney Bewes.	A Prize of Arms	Stanley Baker	Helmut Schmid	Tom Bell
cast member	Greased Lightning is a 1977 American biographical film, starring Richard Pryor, Beau Bridges, and Pam Grier, and directed by Michael Schultz.	Greased Lightning	Richard Pryor	Beau Bridges	Pam Grier
cast member	Go West, Young Lady is a 1941 Western comedy film, starring Penny Singleton, Glenn Ford and Ann Miller; it was directed by Frank R. Strayer.	Go West, Young Lady	Glenn Ford
cast member	Malik Ek is a Hindi spiritual film on Sai Baba of Shirdi featuring Jackie Shroff, Manoj Kumar and Divya Dutta.	Malik Ek	Jackie Shroff	Manoj Kumar	Divya Dutta
cast member	Chor Aur Chaand is a 1993 Indian Bollywood film directed by Pavan Kaul and produced by Aditya Pancholi.	Chor Aur Chaand	Aditya Pancholi
cast member	The Kentuckian is a 1955 Technicolor and CinemaScope adventure film directed by Burt Lancaster, who also starred.	The Kentuckian	Burt Lancaster
cast member	A Gnome Named Gnorm (also known in some markets as Upworld) is a 1990 fantasy comedy film directed by Stan Winston and starring Anthony Michael Hall, Jerry Orbach and Claudia Christian.	A Gnome Named Gnorm	Anthony Michael Hall	Jerry Orbach	Claudia Christian
cast member	The Empty Beach is a 1985 Australian thriller film starring Bryan Brown as private investigator Cliff Hardy inquires into the disappearance of a beautiful woman's wealthy husband from Bondi Beach.	The Empty Beach	Bryan Brown
cast member	Karate for Life (Japanese: 空手バカ一代, Karate Baka Ichidai ) is a 1977 Japanese martial arts film about the martial arts master Mas Oyama starring Sonny Chiba.	Karate for Life	Sonny Chiba
cast member	The drama basically revolves around Nigah (Aaminah Haq) and Jawad (Noman Aijaz) who, falling in love soon after their first meeting, plan to get married.	Nigah	Aaminah Haq
cast member	Up the River (1930) is a Pre-Code comedy film about escaped convicts, directed by John Ford and starring Spencer Tracy and Humphrey Bogart in their feature film debuts.	Up the River	Spencer Tracy	Humphrey Bogart
cast member	Punnaram Cholli Cholli is a 1985 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Priyadarshan, starring reigning star and romantic hero of 80's Shankar and Rahman respectively.	Punnaram Cholli Cholli	Rahman
cast member	Murderers Club of Brooklyn (German: Der Mörderclub von Brooklyn) is a 1967 German thriller film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring George Nader, Heinz Weiss and Karel Stepanek.	Murderers Club of Brooklyn	George Nader	Heinz Weiss
cast member	The Charge of the Gauchos (Argentine title:Una nueva y gloriosa nación) is a 1928 American-Argentine silent historical film directed by Albert H. Kelley and starring Francis X. Bushman, Jacqueline Logan and Guido Trento.	The Charge of the Gauchos	Francis X. Bushman
cast member	A Mother's Confession is a 1915 silent film written and directed by Ivan Abramson, and starring Christine Mayo and Austin Webb.	A Mother's Confession	Christine Mayo
cast member	Mr. 3000 is a 2004 American sports comedy film starring Bernie Mac and Angela Bassett.	Mr. 3000	Bernie Mac	Angela Bassett
cast member	The Fairy (French: La Fée) is a 2011 French-Belgian comedy film written and directed by Dominique Abel, Fiona Gordon and Bruno Romy.	The Fairy	Dominique Abel, Fiona Gordon	Bruno Romy
cast member	Stella Does Tricks is a 1996 film about a young Glaswegian girl, played by Kelly Macdonald, working as a prostitute in London.	Stella Does Tricks	Kelly Macdonald
cast member	Sitapur Ki Geeta is a 1987 Hindi movie which stars Hema Malini, Rajesh Khanna and Pran.	Sitapur Ki Geeta	Hema Malini	Rajesh Khanna
cast member	The Cameo of the Yellowstone is a 1914 American silent short Western directed by Sidney Ayres starring William Garwood and Harry De Vere.	The Cameo of the Yellowstone	William Garwood	Harry De Vere
cast member	Conductor 786 is a 1912 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood, Riley Chamberlin, Jean Darnell.	Conductor 786	William Garwood	Riley Chamberlin	Jean Darnell
cast member	Plaguers is a 2008 American science-fiction horror film written and directed by Brad Sykes and featuring Steve Railsback.	Plaguers	Steve Railsback
cast member	Sicilian Uprising or Sicilian Vespers (Italian: Vespro siciliano) is a 1949 Italian historical drama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Marina Berti, Clara Calamai and Roldano Lupi.	Sicilian Uprising	Marina Berti	Clara Calamai	Roldano Lupi
cast member	On the Roofs (French: Sur les toits (cambrioleurs et gendarmes)) is an 1897 French short silent comedy film, directed by Georges Méliès.	On the Roofs	Georges Méliès
cast member	Crosstrap is a 1962 British B-movie crime film starring Laurence Payne, Jill Adams and Gary Cockrell and marking the directorial debut of Robert Hartford-Davis.	Crosstrap	Laurence Payne	Jill Adams
cast member	Early Doors is a BBC sitcom written by Craig Cash and Phil Mealey who also appear in the series playing best friends Joe and Duffy.	Early Doors	Craig Cash	Phil Mealey
cast member	My Geisha is a 1962 American comedy film directed by Jack Cardiff, starring Yves Montand, Shirley MacLaine, and Edward G. Robinson, and released by Paramount Pictures.	My Geisha	Yves Montand	Shirley MacLaine	Edward G. Robinson
cast member	His rendition of ``Trouble'' impresses Charlie LeGrand (Paul Stewart), the honest owner of the King Creole nightclub, the only nightspot in the area not owned by Maxie; impressed, LeGrand offers Danny a job as a singer at his club.	King Creole	Paul Stewart
cast member	Här kommer bärsärkarna is a 1965 Swedish adventure film directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt.	Här kommer bärsärkarna	Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt
cast member	Christmas Cupid is a television film starring Christina Milian, Ashley Benson and Chad Michael Murray and directed by Gil Junger.	Christmas Cupid	Christina Milian
cast member	Zweiohrküken (lit. Two-eared chick, English title: Rabbit Without Ears 2) is a 2009 German romantic comedy film, written, produced and directed by Til Schweiger.	Zweiohrküken	Til Schweiger
cast member	The Prisoner of Shark Island is a 1936 film loosely based on the life of Samuel Mudd, produced by Darryl F. Zanuck, directed by John Ford, and starring Warner Baxter and Gloria Stuart.	The Prisoner of Shark Island	Warner Baxter	Gloria Stuart
cast member	Close to My Heart is a 1951 Warner Bros. drama directed by William Keighley, written by James R. Webb (based on his novel A Baby for Midge), and starring Ray Milland and Gene Tierney.	Close to My Heart	Ray Milland	Gene Tierney
cast member	Good Sam is a 1948 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Gary Cooper as a Good Samaritan who is helpful to others at the expense of his own family.	Good Sam	Gary Cooper
cast member	One Rainy Afternoon is a 1936 American romantic comedy film directed by Rowland V. Lee, starring Francis Lederer and Ida Lupino, and featuring Hugh Herbert, Roland Young and Erik Rhodes.	One Rainy Afternoon	Francis Lederer	Ida Lupino	Hugh Herbert	Roland Young	Erik Rhodes
cast member	Child of Rage is a CBS Television movie made in 1992 starring Ashley Peldon and Mel Harris.	Child of Rage	Ashley Peldon	Mel Harris
cast member	Kannupada Poguthaiya (Tamil: கண்ணுபடப்போகுதைய்யா; English: People Will Get Jealous, Sir) is a 1999 Tamil film starring Vijayakanth, Simran, Karan and directed by Barathi Ganesh.	Kannupada Poguthaiya	Vijayakanth
cast member	The Delicate Delinquent is a 1957 American comedy film starring Jerry Lewis.	The Delicate Delinquent	Jerry Lewis
cast member	See No Evil 2 is a 2014 slasher film directed by the Soska sisters, written by Nathan Brookes and Bobby Lee Darby, produced by Michael Luisi, and starring Danielle Harris, Katharine Isabelle and professional wrestler Kane.	See No Evil 2	Danielle Harris	Katharine Isabelle	Kane
cast member	Satluj De Kandhe (Punjabi: ਸਤਲੁਜ ਦੇ ਕੰਢੇ), also spelled as Satluj De Kande, is a 1964 National Award winning Punjabi romantic film directed by M. M. Billoo Mehra and produced by Padam Prakash Maheshwary, starring Balraj Sahni and Nishi in lead roles.	Satluj De Kandhe	Balraj Sahni	Nishi
cast member	Please Murder Me is a 1956 American film noir film directed by Peter Godfrey, and starring Angela Lansbury and Raymond Burr.	Please Murder Me	Angela Lansbury	Raymond Burr
cast member	Destiny's Toy is a surviving 1916 American silent film written and directed by John B. O'Brien and starring Louise Huff.	Destiny's Toy	Louise Huff
cast member	The Eyes of Julia Deep is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film starring Mary Miles Minter, directed by Lloyd Ingraham.	The Eyes of Julia Deep	Mary Miles Minter
cast member	The Next Karate Kid (aka The Karate Kid Part IV) is a 1994 American martial arts drama film starring Pat Morita and Hilary Swank.	The Next Karate Kid	Pat Morita	Hilary Swank
cast member	Soho Incident, released in the United States as Spin a Dark Web, is a 1956 British film noir directed by Vernon Sewell starring Faith Domergue and Lee Patterson.	Soho Incident	Faith Domergue
cast member	Money Train is a 1995 American action film starring Wesley Snipes, Woody Harrelson and Jennifer Lopez as New York City transit cops and Robert Blake as their iron-fisted boss.	Money Train	Woody Harrelson	Jennifer Lopez	Robert Blake
cast member	The Case of the Frightened Lady is a 1940 British, black-and-white, crime, drama, mystery thriller, directed by George King and starring Ronald Shiner as Detective Sergeant Totty, Felix Aylmer, Helen Haye and Marius Goring.	The Case of the Frightened Lady	Marius Goring
cast member	Hvis lille pige er du? is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ghita Nørby.	Hvis lille pige er du?	Ghita Nørby
cast member	A Small Southern Enterprise (Italian: Una piccola impresa meridionale) is a 2013 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Rocco Papaleo.	A Small Southern Enterprise	Rocco Papaleo
cast member	Invisible Ghost (1941) is an American horror film starring Bela Lugosi, shot in black and white, and directed by Joseph H. Lewis.	Invisible Ghost	Bela Lugosi
cast member	Dancin' thru the Dark is a 1990 British film directed by Mike Ockrent and written by Willy Russell, based on the play Stags and Hens by the same author and starring Con O'Neill, Claire Hackett, Simon O'Brien, Julia Deakin, Marji Campi, Colin Welland and Mark Womack.	Dancin' thru the Dark	Con O'Neill	Mark Womack
cast member	My Boss is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film directed by Jeethu Joseph, starring Dileep and Mamta Mohandas in the lead roles and Mukesh in a cameo appearance.	My Boss	Dileep	Mamta Mohandas
cast member	I Think I Do is a 1997 American gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Brian Sloan and starring Alexis Arquette.	I Think I Do	Alexis Arquette
cast member	Summer Love Love (Chinese: 夏日恋神马 or Chinese: 戀夏戀夏戀戀下) is a Chinese/Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Wilson Kwok-wai Chin and starring Alex Fong, Owodog, Terence Siufay, Elanne Kong, Viann Zhang, Izumi Liu, and Carol Yeung.	Summer Love Love	Alex Fong
cast member	Eagle Eye is a 2008 American science fiction-action film directed by D. J. Caruso and starring Shia LaBeouf, Michelle Monaghan and Billy Bob Thornton.	Eagle Eye	Shia LaBeouf	Michelle Monaghan	Billy Bob Thornton
cast member	Sentinels of Bronze (Italian:Sentinelle di bronzo) is a 1937 Italian war film directed by Romolo Marcellini and starring Fosco Giachetti, Giovanni Grasso and Doris Duranti.	Sentinels of Bronze	Fosco Giachetti	Giovanni Grasso	Doris Duranti
cast member	Die Another Day, produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli, and directed by Lee Tamahori, marked the James Bond franchise's 40th anniversary.	Die Another Day	Michael G. Wilson
cast member	The Water Diviner is a 2014 American-Australian historical fictional war drama film directed by and starring Russell Crowe in his directorial debut.	The Water Diviner	Russell Crowe
cast member	Totò nella luna (internationally released as Toto in the Moon) is a 1958 Italian comedy film written and directed by Steno.	Toto in the Moon	Totò
cast member	Sesham is a 2002 Malayalam language drama film written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar with Jayaram, Geethu Mohandas, Biju Menon and P. Balachandran in the star cast.	Sesham	Jayaram	Biju Menon
cast member	Storm Catcher (aka Mission Storm Catcher) is a 1999 American action film starring Dolph Lundgren and directed by Tony Hickox, who also co-stars in the film.	Storm Catcher	Dolph Lundgren
cast member	Lying Lips is a 1939, melodrama, race film by Oscar Micheaux, starring Edna Mae Harris, and Robert Earl Jones (the father of James Earl Jones).	Lying Lips	Edna Mae Harris	Robert Earl Jones
cast member	Rhythm, Salt and Pepper (Spanish:Ritmo, sal y pimienta) is a 1951 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Carlos Torres Ríos and starring Lolita Torres, Ricardo Passano and María Esther Gamas.	Rhythm, Salt and Pepper	Lolita Torres
cast member	Peter Voss, Hero of the Day (German: Peter Voss, der Held des Tages) is a 1959 West German comedy crime film directed by Georg Marischka and starring O.W. Fischer, Linda Christian and Walter Giller.	Peter Voss, Hero of the Day	Linda Christian	Walter Giller
cast member	Santa, Jr. is a TV movie starring Lauren Holly and Judd Nelson.	Santa, Jr.	Lauren Holly
cast member	Prayer of the Rollerboys is a 1990 independent science fiction film directed by Rick King and starring Corey Haim and Patricia Arquette.	Prayer of the Rollerboys	Corey Haim	Patricia Arquette
cast member	The Hitman is a 1991 action/crime film starring Chuck Norris.	The Hitman	Chuck Norris
cast member	Vivre ensemble is a 1973 French drama film written, directed by and starring Anna Karina.	Vivre ensemble	Anna Karina
cast member	Sadie McKee is a 1934 American Pre-Code romantic drama film directed by Clarence Brown, starring Joan Crawford, and featuring Gene Raymond, Franchot Tone, Edward Arnold, and Esther Ralston.	Sadie McKee	Joan Crawford	Gene Raymond	Franchot Tone	Edward Arnold	Esther Ralston
cast member	Fatal Bond is a 1992 Australian 'B' grade and thriller film, directed by Vince Monton, starring Linda Blair and Jerome Ehlers.	Fatal Bond	Linda Blair
cast member	Dead Men Tell is a 1941 mystery film starring Sidney Toler, who played Charlie Chan in 22 feature films, beginning with Charlie Chan in Honolulu (1938), and ending with The Trap (1946).	Dead Men Tell	Sidney Toler
cast member	The Borrower is a 1991 American science fiction horror film directed by John McNaughton and starring Rae Dawn Chong, Tom Towles and Antonio Fargas.	The Borrower	Rae Dawn Chong	Tom Towles	Antonio Fargas
cast member	The Source Family is a 2012 feature documentary film directed by Jodi Wille and Maria Demopoulos that recounts the story of Father Yod, Ya Ho Wa 13 and the Source Family.	The Source Family	Father Yod
cast member	Kulapathy is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Nahas and starring Vijayakumar and Anusha in lead roles.	Kulapathy	Vijayakumar
cast member	Dunston Checks In is a 1996 American family comedy film starring Eric Lloyd, Graham Sack, Jason Alexander, Faye Dunaway, Rupert Everett, Paul Reubens, Glenn Shadix, and introducing Sam the Orangutan as Dunston.	Dunston Checks In	Eric Lloyd	Jason Alexander	Faye Dunaway	Rupert Everett	Paul Reubens	Glenn Shadix
cast member	Lights Camera Dead is an American independent horror comedy film, directed by Indie filmmaker Tim Reaper and stars Richard Christy.	Lights Camera Dead	Richard Christy
cast member	Thendral Sudum is a 1989 Indian Tamil language film starring Nizhalgal Ravi, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Senthil	Thendral Sudum	Nizhalgal Ravi
cast member	The Love God? is a 1969 Universal Pictures feature film starring Don Knotts and film was written and directed by Nat Hiken, who died after it was shot but before it was released in theaters.	The Love God?	Don Knotts
cast member	The Bit Part is a 1987 Australian comedy film starring Chris Haywood and Nicole Kidman.	The Bit Part	Chris Haywood
cast member	Struggling Hearts (Hungarian: Vergödö szívek) is a 1916 Hungarian drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Lili Berky, Gyula Gál and Alajos Mészáros.	Struggling Hearts	Lili Berky
cast member	Tarzan and the Slave Girl is a 1950 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan, Vanessa Brown as Jane, and Robert Alda as big game hunter Neil.	Tarzan and the Slave Girl	Lex Barker	Vanessa Brown	Robert Alda
cast member	The Stand Up is a 2011 American comedy/drama film written and directed by David Wexler and stars Jonathan Sollis, Margarita Levieva, Arija Bareikis, and Aidan Quinn.	The Stand Up	Margarita Levieva	Arija Bareikis	Aidan Quinn
cast member	Mademoiselle ma mère (English: My Mother Is a Miss) is a 1936 French comedy film directed by Henri Decoin, and starring Danielle Darrieux, Pierre Brasseur and Pierre Larquey.	Mademoiselle ma mère	Danielle Darrieux	Pierre Brasseur	Pierre Larquey
cast member	Gundello Godari / Maranthen Mannithen is a 2013 Telugu - Tamil bilingual film directed by Kumar Nagendra and produced by Lakshmi Manchu.	Gundello Godari	Lakshmi Manchu
cast member	Blatty retained Jason Miller, who had played Father Karras in The Exorcist, for The Ninth Configuration.	The Ninth Configuration	Jason Miller
cast member	Meerabai Not Out, based on cricket, is a 2008 Hindi Bollywood film that stars Mahesh Manjrekar, Mandira Bedi, Eijaz Khan and Anupam Kher.	Meerabai Not Out	Mahesh Manjrekar	Mandira Bedi	Anupam Kher
cast member	Twelve Miles Out is a 1927 silent drama film starring John Gilbert and Joan Crawford.	Twelve Miles Out	John Gilbert	Joan Crawford
cast member	Ridin' on a Rainbow is a 1941 American Western musical film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Mary Lee.	Ridin' on a Rainbow	Gene Autry	Smiley Burnette	Mary Lee
cast member	Those Country Kids is a 1914 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and Mabel Normand, and directed by Fatty Arbuckle.	Those Country Kids	Mabel Normand
cast member	Física o Química started its seventh season with the departure of Nuria González, Úrsula Corberó, Angy Fernández and José Manuel Seda.	Física o Química	Nuria González	Úrsula Corberó	Angy Fernández
cast member	The Underworld Story is a 1950 American film noir directed by Cy Endfield and featuring Dan Duryea, Herbert Marshall, and Gale Storm.	The Underworld Story	Dan Duryea	Herbert Marshall	Gale Storm
cast member	Appointment with Murder is a 1948 American crime film directed by Jack Bernhard and starring John Calvert, Catherine Craig and Jack Reitzen.	Appointment with Murder	John Calvert
cast member	Three Maxims is a 1936 British drama film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle, Tullio Carminati and Leslie Banks.	Three Maxims	Anna Neagle
cast member	Love @ First Note is a 2006 Hong Kong teen romance film, written, produced and directed by Dennis Law, and starring Alex Fong, Justin Lo, and Kary Ng.	Love @ First Note	Justin Lo
cast member	Pra Quem Fica, Tchau (English: ``For those who stay, bye bye'') is a 1971 Brazilian comedy film directed by and starring Reginaldo Faria.	Pra Quem Fica, Tchau	Reginaldo Faria
cast member	Onkel Joakims hemmelighed (also known as Nyhavns glade gutter) is a 1967 Danish family film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Gunnar Lauring.	Onkel Joakims hemmelighed	Gunnar Lauring
cast member	Deadline Auto Theft is a 1983 independent film written and directed by H.B 'Toby' Halicki, made up of scenes from Gone in 60 Seconds and The Junkman, as well as new material featuring Hoyt Axton.	Deadline Auto Theft	Hoyt Axton
cast member	Anbu Thangai is a Tamil language film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Muthuraman and Jayalalitha in the lead roles.	Anbu Thangai	Muthuraman
cast member	Uneasy Virtue is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Norman Walker and starring Fay Compton, Edmund Breon, Francis Lister, Donald Calthrop, and Garry Marsh.	Uneasy Virtue	Fay Compton	Edmund Breon	Francis Lister
cast member	Tail Lights Fade is a 1999 movie directed by Malcolm Ingram and starring Denise Richards, Jake Busey, Breckin Meyer, Elizabeth Berkley, Jason Mewes, and Lisa Marie.	Tail Lights Fade	Breckin Meyer
cast member	The original pilot for what would become The Baseball Bunch was filmed at Pepperdine University in Los Angeles in 1980, and did not originally include The San Diego Chicken (Ted Giannoulas).	The Baseball Bunch	The San Diego Chicken
cast member	Changing Rooms was originally hosted by Carol Smillie, and assisting with the remodelling was a Cockney carpenter, ``Handy'' Andy Kane.	Changing Rooms	Carol Smillie	Andy Kane
cast member	Miss Mary is a 1986 drama film directed by María Luisa Bemberg and starring Julie Christie, Nacha Guevara and Eduardo Pavlovsky.	Miss Mary	Julie Christie	Nacha Guevara
cast member	I Can Hear Your Voice (Hangul: 너의 목소리가 들려; RR: Neoui Moksoriga Deulryeo) is a 2013 South Korean television series starring Lee Jong-suk, Lee Bo-young, Yoon Sang-hyun and Lee Da-hee.	I Can Hear Your Voice	Lee Da-hee
cast member	Crazy to Act is a 1927 silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Crazy to Act	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Holiday Affair is a black-and-white 1949 light romantic comedy film starring Robert Mitchum and Janet Leigh.	Holiday Affair	Robert Mitchum	Janet Leigh
cast member	Troyee is a 1982 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Gautam Mukherjee, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Soumitra Bannerjee, Debasree Roy, Anil Chatterjee and Manik Dutt.	Troyee	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Rich Man, Poor Girl is a 1938 Comedy directed by Reinhold Schünzel, starring Robert Young, Ruth Hussey and Lew Ayres.	Rich Man, Poor Girl	Robert Young
cast member	Going Overboard is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Valerie Breiman, and stars Adam Sandler in his film debut, Burt Young, Allen Covert, Billy Zane, Terry Moore, Milton Berle and Billy Bob Thornton in a small role.	Going Overboard	Adam Sandler	Burt Young	Billy Zane	Terry Moore	Billy Bob Thornton
cast member	Revenge of the Stolen Stars is a 1985 American comedy fantasy film directed by Ulli Lommel and starring Klaus Kinski, Suzanna Love, Barry Hickey and Ulli Lommel.	Revenge of the Stolen Stars	Klaus Kinski
cast member	Ved verdens ende (At World's End) is a 2009 Danish action comedy film directed by Tomas Villum Jensen and starring Nikolaj Lie Kaas, Birgitte Hjort Sørensen and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau.	Ved verdens ende	Nikolaj Lie Kaas
cast member	Bobby Stewart as Baby Bambi Donnie Dunagan as Young Bambi Hardie Albright as Adolescent Bambi John Sutherland as Young Adult Bambi Thumper, a friend of Bambi's:	Bambi	Donnie Dunagan	Hardie Albright
cast member	Under the Same Moon (Spanish: La misma luna) is a 2007 Mexican-American drama film in Spanish and English directed by Patricia Riggen and starring Adrián Alonso, Kate del Castillo, and Eugenio Derbez.	Under the Same Moon	Kate del Castillo	Eugenio Derbez
cast member	Aayiram Naavulla Ananthan (English:Anandan who has 1000 tongues) is a 1996 Malayalam film by Thulasidas starring Mammootty, Murali and Gauthami.	Aayiram Naavulla Ananthan	Mammootty	Murali
cast member	My Name Is Bruce is a 2007 American comedy film, directed, co-produced by and starring B movie cult actor Bruce Campbell.	My Name Is Bruce	Bruce Campbell
cast member	Wild Geese Calling is a 1941 film made by 20th Century-Fox, directed by John Brahm and starring Henry Fonda and Joan Bennett.	Wild Geese Calling	Henry Fonda	Joan Bennett
cast member	Ring Master is a 2014 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Rafi starring Dileep in the role of an animal trainer in circus.	Ring Master	Dileep
cast member	Buffalo Bill in Tomahawk Territory is a 1952 Western starring Clayton Moore.	Buffalo Bill in Tomahawk Territory	Clayton Moore
cast member	George B. Seitz - Velvet Fingers Marguerite Courtot - Lorna George Harry Semels - Professor Robin Lucille Lennox - Clara Frank Redman - Pinky Thomas Carr - Mickey (as Tommy Carr) Joe Cuny - Needless Smith Al Franklin Thomas Edward Elkas	Velvet Fingers	Marguerite Courtot
cast member	Where Got Ghost? (traditional Chinese: 嚇到笑; simplified Chinese: 吓到笑; pinyin: Xià Dào Xiào) is a Singaporean omnibus comedy horror film directed by Jack Neo and Boris Boo.	Where Got Ghost?	Jack Neo
cast member	Immortal Waltz (German:Unsterblicher Walzer) is a 1939 historical film directed by E.W. Emo and starring Paul Hörbiger, Dagny Servaes and Maria Andergast.	Immortal Waltz	Paul Hörbiger	Dagny Servaes	Maria Andergast
cast member	The Call of the Canyon is a 1923 American Western silent film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Richard Dix, Lois Wilson, and Marjorie Daw.	The Call of the Canyon	Richard Dix	Lois Wilson	Marjorie Daw
cast member	Strange Gods (original title, Los dioses ajenos) is a 1958 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and starring Enrique Fava and Olga Zubarry.	Strange Gods	Enrique Fava
cast member	Ms. 45, also known as Angel of Vengeance, is a 1981 American low-budget exploitation suspense film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Zoë Tamerlis Lund.	Ms. 45	Abel Ferrara	Zoë Tamerlis Lund
cast member	Killer Darts is a 1968 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and starring Yueh Hua and Chin Ping.	Killer Darts	Yueh Hua
cast member	Cubbyhouse is a 2001 Australian horror film, directed by Murray Fahey and starring Joshua Leonard (of The Blair Witch Project fame) and Belinda McClory (The Matrix).	Cubbyhouse	Joshua Leonard
cast member	Start Cheering is a 1938 musical motion picture starring Jimmy Durante, Walter Connolly and Joan Perry.	Start Cheering	Jimmy Durante	Walter Connolly
cast member	Treasure of the Golden Condor (1953) is an American Technicolor film directed by Delmer Daves, starring Cornel Wilde and Constance Smith, and released by Twentieth Century Fox.	Treasure of the Golden Condor	Cornel Wilde	Constance Smith
cast member	Bring It On Again is a 2004 direct-to-video cheerleading comedy film directed by Damon Santostefano and starring Anne Judson-Yager and Bree Turner.	Bring It On Again	Anne Judson-Yager	Bree Turner
cast member	The Book of Eli is a 2010 American post-apocalyptic neo-Western and action film directed by the Hughes brothers, written by Gary Whitta, and starring Denzel Washington, Gary Oldman, Mila Kunis, Ray Stevenson, and Jennifer Beals.	The Book of Eli	Denzel Washington	Gary Oldman	Mila Kunis	Ray Stevenson	Jennifer Beals
cast member	Nachtrit (English Night Run or Night Ride) is a 2006 Netherlands thriller film about the tribulations of an Amsterdam taxi-driver, played by Frank Lammers.	Nachtrit	Frank Lammers
cast member	Bananaz is a 2008 British documentary film directed by Ceri Levy about Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett's alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz.	Bananaz	Damon Albarn	Jamie Hewlett
cast member	Gefährdete Mädchen is a 1958 German film, directed by Wolfgang Gluck, starring Gerlinde Locker, Wolf Albach Retty and Sigrid Marquardt.	Gefährdete Mädchen	Gerlinde Locker
cast member	Saturday's Millions is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film starring Robert Young, Andy Devine, Leila Hyams and Johnny Mack Brown.	Saturday's Millions	Robert Young
cast member	Magic Trip is a 2011 documentary film directed by Alison Ellwood and Alex Gibney, about Ken Kesey, Neal Cassady, and the Merry Pranksters.	Magic Trip	Ken Kesey	Neal Cassady	Merry Pranksters
cast member	The Puzzle of the Red Orchid (German: Das Rätsel der roten Orchidee and also known as The Secret of the Red Orchid) is a 1962 West German black-and-white crime film directed by Helmut Ashley and starring Christopher Lee.	The Puzzle of the Red Orchid	Helmut Ashley	Christopher Lee
cast member	Hollywood, City of Dreams (Spanish:Hollywood, ciudad de ensueno) is a 1931 American drama film directed by George Crone and starring José Bohr, Lia Torá and Donald Reed.	Hollywood, City of Dreams	José Bohr
cast member	Jack Douglas is the only actor to bridge the gap between Carry On Emmannuelle and Carry On Columbus.	Carry On Emmannuelle	Jack Douglas
cast member	Satan's Playground stars Felissa Rose, Ellen Sandweiss, and Edwin Neal.	Satan's Playground	Felissa Rose	Ellen Sandweiss	Edwin Neal
cast member	Further Up the Creek is a 1958 British comedy film written and directed by Val Guest and starring David Tomlinson, Frankie Howerd, Shirley Eaton, Thora Hird, Desmond Llewelyn and Lionel Jeffries.	Further Up the Creek	David Tomlinson
cast member	Sad Loves (Italian:Tristi amori) is a 1943 Italian historical drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jules Berry, Gino Cervi and Andrea Checchi.	Sad Loves	Jules Berry	Gino Cervi	Andrea Checchi
cast member	Billy Frankenstein tells the story of a kid named Billy Frank (Jordan Lamoureux), who is related to the distant Victor Frankenstein, along with his artistic mother, Sandy (Melissa Williamson) and workaholic father George (Daran Norris).	Billy Frankenstein	Daran Norris
cast member	At the Edge of Things is a 1915 American silent short drama film starring Jack Richardson, Louise Lester, Vivian Rich, Harry von Meter and David Lythgoe.	At the Edge of Things	Jack Richardson	Louise Lester	Vivian Rich	Harry von Meter	David Lythgoe
cast member	At Midnight is a 1913 American silent short film written by Gordon V. May starring Harry Van Meter, Violet Neitz, Louise Lester, Jack Richardson and Vivian Rich.	At Midnight	Louise Lester	Jack Richardson	Vivian Rich
cast member	The Road to Singapore is a 1931 American Pre-Code romantic drama film starring William Powell and Doris Kenyon, who play two thirds of a romantic triangle, along with Louis Calhern.	The Road to Singapore	William Powell
cast member	All About Anna is a Danish film released in 2005, directed by Jessica Nilsson and starring Gry Bay and Mark Stevens.	All About Anna	Gry Bay	Mark Stevens
cast member	High Crimes is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Carl Franklin and starring Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman, reunited from the 1997 film Kiss the Girls.	High Crimes	Ashley Judd	Morgan Freeman
cast member	Kallu Sakkare (Kannada: ಕಲ್ಲುಸಕ್ಕರೆ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by Kalyan Kumar.	Kallu Sakkare	Kalyan Kumar
cast member	Shadows Run Black is a 1984 crime thriller directed by Howard Heard and starring Kevin Costner.	Shadows Run Black	Kevin Costner
cast member	Torchy Gets Her Man is a 1938 drama directed by William Beaudine, starring Glenda Farrell and Barton MacLane.	Torchy Gets Her Man	Glenda Farrell	Barton MacLane
cast member	Find Your Man is a 1924 American silent action drama film starring Rin Tin Tin and June Marlowe.	Find Your Man	June Marlowe
cast member	Parinamam (English: The Change) is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu, starring Nedumudi Venu, Madampu Kunjukuttan and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles.	Parinamam	Nedumudi Venu
cast member	The Happy Thieves is a 1961 American crime/comedy-drama film starring Rex Harrison and Rita Hayworth and directed by George Marshall.	The Happy Thieves	Rex Harrison	Rita Hayworth
cast member	Our Miss Doctor (German:Unser Fräulein Doktor) is a 1940 German comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Jenny Jugo, Albert Matterstock and Heinz Salfner.	Our Miss Doctor	Jenny Jugo
cast member	The Innocent Sleep is a 1996 British thriller film directed by Scott Michell and starring Rupert Graves, Michael Gambon and Franco Nero.	The Innocent Sleep	Rupert Graves	Michael Gambon	Franco Nero
cast member	Lonesome Luke, Messenger is a 1917 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.	Lonesome Luke, Messenger	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Three Young Texans is a 1954 Western film starring Jeffrey Hunter and Mitzi Gaynor.	Three Young Texans	Jeffrey Hunter	Mitzi Gaynor
cast member	Sehar (2005) is an Indian Hindi language action crime drama film directed by Kabeer Kaushik, starring Arshad Warsi, Pankaj Kapur, Sushant Singh and Mahima Chaudhary.	Sehar	Arshad Warsi
cast member	The Woman Under Oath is a 1919 silent film mystery directed by John M. Stahl and starring stage star Florence Reed.	The Woman Under Oath	Florence Reed
cast member	After wandering into an abandoned mine, Gage finds a creature that calls itself Munchie (voiced by Dom DeLuise).	Munchie	Dom DeLuise
cast member	Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle as Gasoline Gus Lila Lee as Sal Jo Banty Charles Ogle as Nate Newberry Theodore Lorch as Dry Check Charlie Wilton Taylor as Judge Shortridge Knute Erickson as 'Scrap Iron' Swenson Fred Huntley	Gasoline Gus	Lila Lee	Fred Huntley
cast member	Admirals All (1935) is a British comedy film directed by Victor Hanbury and starring Wynne Gibson, Gordon Harker, Anthony Bushell and George Curzon.	Admirals All	Wynne Gibson	Gordon Harker	Anthony Bushell	George Curzon
cast member	Branding Broadway is a 1918 American western film directed by and starring William S. Hart, written by C. Gardner Sullivan, and produced by Thomas H. Ince and Hart.	Branding Broadway	William S. Hart
cast member	Water for Canitoga (German:Wasser für Canitoga) is a 1939 German western film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Hans Albers, Charlotte Susa and Hans Mierendorff.	Water for Canitoga	Hans Albers	Charlotte Susa	Hans Mierendorff
cast member	Passion of Mind is a 2000 American psychological romantic drama film starring Demi Moore.	Passion of Mind	Demi Moore
cast member	Sam Bottoms as Eliot Wade, Marilyn's husband, Jessica and Jimmy's father, and the toy maker and manufacturer of the ``Dolly Dearest'' toy factory.	Dolly Dearest	Sam Bottoms
cast member	Claudia Cardinale - Claretta Petacci Giuliano Gemma - Marcello Petacci Caterina Boratto:	Claretta	Giuliano Gemma	Caterina Boratto
cast member	The Warrior's Way is a 2010 New Zealand-South Korean fantasy action film written and directed by Sngmoo Lee and starring Jang Dong-gun, Kate Bosworth, Geoffrey Rush, Danny Huston and Tony Cox.	The Warrior's Way	Jang Dong-gun	Kate Bosworth	Geoffrey Rush	Danny Huston	Tony Cox
cast member	The Devil's Bait is an extant 1917 dramatic silent feature film starring Ruth Roland, an actress usually associated with serials.	The Devil's Bait	Ruth Roland
cast member	So Long at the Fair (US re-release title The Black Curse) is a 1950 British thriller film directed by Terence Fisher and Anthony Darnborough, and starring Jean Simmons and Dirk Bogarde.	So Long at the Fair	Jean Simmons	Dirk Bogarde
cast member	Ladies in Retirement is an American 1941 film noir directed by Charles Vidor, and starring Ida Lupino and Louis Hayward.	Ladies in Retirement	Ida Lupino	Louis Hayward
cast member	Fist of Fear, Touch of Death, also known as The Dragon and the Cobra, is a 1980 martial arts film set at the ``1979 World Karate Championships'' at Madison Square Garden that will supposedly determine the ``successor'' to Bruce Lee.	Fist of Fear, Touch of Death	Bruce Lee
cast member	Manikyakkallu (Malayalam: മാണിക്യക്കല്ല്, Māṇikyakkallŭ ?) is a 2011 Malayalam drama film directed by M. Mohanan and starring Prithviraj and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles.	Manikyakkallu	Samvrutha Sunil
cast member	Marty Whelan stepped into Aidan's shoes, co-hosting the 2009/10 series with Kathryn, which aired from 12 September 2009 (reverting to its original name Winning Streak) until 29 May 2010.	Winning Streak	Marty Whelan
cast member	The Swiss Conspiracy is a 1976 action film starring David Janssen, Senta Berger and Elke Sommer, and directed by Jack Arnold.	The Swiss Conspiracy	David Janssen	Senta Berger	Elke Sommer
cast member	The series was directed by Chuck Jones and other prominent Hollywood animators, and the voice of Private Snafu was performed by Mel Blanc.	Private Snafu	Mel Blanc
cast member	The Song of the Sun (Italian: La canzone del sole) is a 1933 Italian-German film directed by Max Neufeld and starring Vittorio De Sica.	The Song of the Sun	Vittorio De Sica
cast member	Switching Goals is a 1999 television movie starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.	Switching Goals	Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen
cast member	Gregory's Girl is a 1981 Scottish coming-of-age romantic comedy film written and directed by Bill Forsyth and starring John Gordon Sinclair, Dee Hepburn and Clare Grogan.	Gregory's Girl	John Gordon Sinclair	Dee Hepburn	Clare Grogan
cast member	College Ranga (Kannada: ಕಾಲೇಜು ರಂಗ English: The College Stage) is a 1976 Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal, based on a novel by B. G. L. Swamy of the same name, and starring Kalyan Kumar, Jayasimha, Leelavathi.	College Ranga	Kalyan Kumar
cast member	Fight Harm is an abandoned project by Harmony Korine filmed in 1999.	Fight Harm	Harmony Korine
cast member	Buddhuram Dhol Duniya Gol is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Narayan Roy starring Mithun Chakraborty along with Rupa Ganguly and Victor Banerjee.	Buddhuram Dhol Duniya Gol	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Lua de Cristal (English: Crystal Moon) is a 1990 Brazilian comedy-romance film directed by Tizuka Yamasaki, and starring Xuxa Meneghel.	Lua de Cristal	Xuxa
cast member	Kings of Devon is a 2010 Indian dark comedy film written, produced, and directed by Rahsaan Islam.	Kings of Devon	Rahsaan Islam
cast member	Karamdaata is an action film, featuring Shammi Kapoor, Mithun Chakraborty, Amrita Singh, Shakti Kapoor, Jagdeep, Kiran Kumar and Dina Pathak	Karamdaata	Shakti Kapoor
cast member	A.k.a. Cassius Clay (styled as a.k.a. Cassius Clay) is a 1970 boxing documentary film about the former heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali.	A.k.a. Cassius Clay	Muhammad Ali
cast member	They Didn't Know is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Herbert Smith and starring Eve Gray, Leslie Perrins and Kenneth Villiers.	They Didn't Know	Eve Gray
cast member	Boogie Boy is a 1998 film featuring Traci Lords as Shonda.	Boogie Boy	Traci Lords
cast member	Georgootty C/O Georgootty (Malayalam: ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി C/O ജോര്ജ്ജൂട്ടി) is a 1991 Malayalam--language romantic comedy / drama film starring Jayaram, Sunitha and Thilakan in major roles.	Georgootty C/O Georgootty	Jayaram	Sunitha	Thilakan
cast member	Varanamalyam is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vijay P Nair, starring Siddique and Shanthi Krishna in the lead roles.	Varanamalyam	Siddique
cast member	Aaron Cohen's Debt (Hebrew: חובו של אהרון כהן‎) is a non-linear, fact based 1999 Israeli film starring Moshe Ivgy as Aaron Cohen, a father abruptly taken into custody at his birthday party by police for one child-support payment which he does not believe he owes.	Aaron Cohen's Debt	Moshe Ivgy
cast member	We Must Do Our Best (1909) is an American black-and-white film which featured Kenneth Casey and the first ever appearance of Moe Howard from the Three Stooges (In the film he played the bully, known as Harry Horrowitz).	We Must Do Our Best	Kenneth Casey	Moe Howard
cast member	The Road to Glory is a 1936 dramatic film depiction of World War I trench warfare in France directed by Howard Hawks, starring Fredric March, Warner Baxter, Lionel Barrymore and June Lang, and produced by Twentieth Century Fox.	The Road to Glory	Fredric March	Warner Baxter	Lionel Barrymore	June Lang
cast member	Donga Dongadi is a 2004 Telugu action comedy film written and directed by Subramaniam Siva, produced by NV Prasad and Sanam Naga Ashok Kumar under Sri Saideva Productions banner and starring Manoj Manchu and Sadha in lead roles.	Donga Dongadi	Manoj Manchu	Sadha
cast member	Any Man's Death is a 1990 South African thriller-drama film directed by Tom Clegg and starring John Savage, William Hickey, Mia Sara and Ernest Borgnine.	Any Man's Death	John Savage	William Hickey	Mia Sara	Ernest Borgnine
cast member	Love, Speed and Thrills is a 1915 American short comedy film produced by Mack Sennett, directed by Walter Wright, starring Mack Swain, Chester Conklin and Minta Durfee, and featuring Billy Gilbert, Charley Chase and the Keystone Cops in supporting roles.	Love, Speed and Thrills	Mack Swain
cast member	The Harder They Come is a 1972 Jamaican crime film directed by Perry Henzell and co-written by Trevor D. Rhone, and starring Jimmy Cliff.	The Harder They Come	Jimmy Cliff
cast member	The Adventures of Shorty is the name of a 1914 Western short film featuring Shorty Hamilton, and the general name for the series of similar short films it started.	The Adventures of Shorty	Shorty Hamilton
cast member	The Great Mr. Handel is a 1942 British Technicolor historical film directed by Norman Walker and starring Wilfrid Lawson, Elizabeth Allan and Malcolm Keen.	The Great Mr. Handel	Wilfrid Lawson
cast member	The Legend of Lucy Keyes is a 2006 Suspense Mystery film directed and written by John Stimpson, and starring Julie Delpy, Justin Theroux and Brooke Adams.	The Legend of Lucy Keyes	Julie Delpy
cast member	Lucky, the Inscrutable (Italian: Agente speciale L.K.: Operazione Re Mida, Spanish: Lucky, el intrépido, German: Lucky M. füllt alle Särge) is a 1967 Spanish-Italian-German spy film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Ray Danton.	Lucky, the Inscrutable	Ray Danton
cast member	Soul Survivors is a 2001 psychological thriller film starring Melissa Sagemiller as college student Cassie, whose boyfriend Sean (Casey Affleck) dies in a car accident that results from her driving after a night of partying.	Soul Survivors	Melissa Sagemiller	Casey Affleck
cast member	Suicide Battalion is a 1958 World War II film starring Mike Connors and John Ashley who made the film while on leave from the US Army.	Suicide Battalion	Mike Connors	John Ashley
cast member	Bade Dil Wala (English translation - Kind Hearted) is a 1983 Hindi-language movie directed by Bhappi Sonie and starring Rishi Kapoor, Tina Munim, Sarika, and Madan Puri along with Amjad Khan, Jagdeep, Aruna Irani, and Pran.	Bade Dil Wala	Rishi Kapoor	Sarika
cast member	Slightly Married is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Evalyn Knapp, Walter Byron and Marie Prevost.	Slightly Married	Evalyn Knapp	Walter Byron	Marie Prevost
cast member	One Hour Married is a 1927 American silent short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and directed by Jerome Strong.	One Hour Married	Mabel Normand
cast member	I Found Joe Barton, also known as The Adventures of Al Munch, was a 1952 film made for Australian television starring Bud Tingwell and Lloyd Berrell.	I Found Joe Barton	Bud Tingwell
cast member	Retour à Gorée (English: Return to Gorée) is a 2007 musical documentary road movie directed by Pierre-Yves Borgeaud, featuring singer Youssou N'Dour's journey along the trail left by slaves and by the jazz music they invented.	Retour à Gorée	Youssou N'Dour
cast member	Støv for alle pengene is a 1963 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Søren Elung Jensen.	Støv for alle pengene	Søren Elung Jensen
cast member	Walk the Proud Land is a 1956 Western Technicolor CinemaScope film directed by Jesse Hibbs, starring Audie Murphy and future Academy Award winner Anne Bancroft.	Walk the Proud Land	Audie Murphy	Anne Bancroft
cast member	Des Hoyaa Pardes (Punjabi: ਦੇਸ ਹੋਇਆ ਪਰਦੇਸ) is a 2004 National Award winning Punjabi film, directed by Manoj Punj, starring Gurdas Maan, Juhi Chawla and Divya Dutta in lead roles.	Des Hoyaa Pardes	Gurdas Maan	Juhi Chawla	Divya Dutta
cast member	Surf II is a 1984 American independent comedy film written and directed by Randall M. Badat and starring Eddie Deezen, Linda Kerridge, Eric Stoltz, Jeffrey Rogers and Peter Isacksen.	Surf II	Eddie Deezen	Eric Stoltz	Jeffrey Rogers
cast member	Europe '51 (Italian: Europa '51, Italian pronunciation: (euˈrɔpa tʃinkwanˈtuno), also known as The Greatest Love) is a 1952 Italian neorealist film directed by Roberto Rossellini, starring Alexander Knox and Ingrid Bergman as a woman who's declared insane after her son's suicide.	Europe '51	Alexander Knox	Ingrid Bergman
cast member	Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill is a 1948 British drama film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring David Farrar, Edward Chapman and Raymond Huntley.	Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill	David Farrar
cast member	The Last White Dishwasher is a 2008 mockumentary short film, based on an original concept by Carlos Alazraqui, and written and directed by Claudia Duran.	The Last White Dishwasher	Carlos Alazraqui
cast member	Sad Love Story (Hangul: 슬픈연가; RR: Seulpeun Yeon-ga; lit. Sad Sonata) is a 2005 South Korean television drama series starring Kwon Sang-woo, Kim Hee-sun and Yeon Jung-hoon.	Sad Love Story	Kim Hee-sun	Yeon Jung-hoon
cast member	Leontine's Husbands (German: Leontines Ehemänner) is a 1928 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Claire Rommer, Georg Alexander and Carl Walther Meyer.	Leontine's Husbands	Claire Rommer	Georg Alexander
cast member	Idle Hands is a 1999 American stoner comedy horror film directed by Rodman Flender, written by Terri Hughes and Ron Milbauer, and starring Devon Sawa, Seth Green, Elden Henson, Jessica Alba, and Vivica A. Fox.	Idle Hands	Devon Sawa	Seth Green	Elden Henson	Jessica Alba	Vivica A. Fox
cast member	Sukob (titled The Wedding Curse internationally) is a 2006 Filipino horror film starring Kris Aquino and Claudine Barretto.	Sukob	Kris Aquino	Claudine Barretto
cast member	Thaai Sollai Thattadhe is a 1961 Tamil language drama film directed by The film features M. G. Ramachandran and B. Saroja Devi in lead roles.	Thaai Sollai Thattadhe	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Rikshavodu is a 1995 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and produced by Kranthi Kumar.	Rikshavodu	Chiranjeevi
cast member	Made in Milan is a 1990 short documentary film about fashion designer Giorgio Armani; it shows him preparing for a show and discusses his ideas about fashion, his family history and the city of Milan.	Made in Milan	Giorgio Armani
cast member	Frenzy is a 1972 British thriller-psychological horror film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.	Frenzy	Alfred Hitchcock
cast member	South Sea Woman is a 1953 action-comedy-drama film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring Burt Lancaster, Virginia Mayo and Chuck Connors.	South Sea Woman	Burt Lancaster	Virginia Mayo	Chuck Connors
cast member	The Violet Seller (Spanish:La Violetera) is a 1958 Italian-Spanish historical musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Sara Montiel, Raf Vallone and Frank Villard.	The Violet Seller	Sara Montiel
cast member	Somehow Good is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Fay Compton, Stewart Rome and Dorothy Boyd.	Somehow Good	Fay Compton	Stewart Rome	Dorothy Boyd
cast member	Zindagi Tere Naam is a 2012 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashu Trikha, starring Mithun Chakraborty and Ranjeeta in lead roles and the film is a matured love story.	Zindagi Tere Naam	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Wings of Fame is a 1990 Dutch English-language comedy fantasy film (released in the UK on 26 April 1991) directed by Otakar Votocek and starring Peter O'Toole, Colin Firth, Marie Trintignant, Andréa Ferréol and Robert Stephens.	Wings of Fame	Peter O'Toole	Colin Firth	Marie Trintignant	Andréa Ferréol	Robert Stephens
cast member	Broken Journey (also known as Rescue) is a 1948 British drama film directed by Ken Annakin and featuring Phyllis Calvert, James Donald, Margot Grahame, Raymond Huntley and Guy Rolfe.	Broken Journey	Phyllis Calvert	James Donald	Margot Grahame
cast member	The Wild and the Innocent is a 1959 Western film starring Audie Murphy and Sandra Dee as two inexperienced young people who get into trouble when they visit a town for the very first time.	The Wild and the Innocent	Audie Murphy	Sandra Dee
cast member	Tarzan's Savage Fury is a 1952 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan, Dorothy Hart as Jane, and Patric Knowles.	Tarzan's Savage Fury	Lex Barker	Dorothy Hart	Patric Knowles
cast member	Body Troopers (Norwegian: Jakten på nyresteinen), also known as Chasing the Kidneystone, is a 1996 Norwegian Children's film directed by Vibeke Idsøe, starring Torbjörn T. Jensen and Kjersti Holmen.	Body Troopers	Kjersti Holmen
cast member	The film stars Rajesh Khanna in the title role as Masterji and Sridevi as his heroine as the main lead characters of the film.	Masterji	Rajesh Khanna	Sridevi
cast member	Good Neighbor, also called The Killer Next Door (MIFED Title), is a 2001 thriller with Billy Dee Williams, Danica McKellar, Tobin Bell.	Good Neighbor	Billy Dee Williams
cast member	Night in May (French:Nuit de mai) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Henri Chomette, Gustav Ucicky and Raoul Ploquin.	Night in May	Henri Chomette
cast member	Shirley Ambrose (Carmen Munroe), Desmond's wife and mother of their three children, often solved the problems of the other characters.	Desmond's	Carmen Munroe
cast member	The Nick of Time Baby is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Gloria Swanson.	The Nick of Time Baby	Gloria Swanson
cast member	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three is a 1998 American/Canadian television movie directed by Félix Enríquez Alcalá and starring Edward James Olmos.	The Taking of Pelham One Two Three	Edward James Olmos
cast member	A Small Town Girl was a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney.	A Small Town Girl	Lon Chaney
cast member	Eve's Leaves is a 1926 silent film starring Leatrice Joy and William Boyd.	Eve's Leaves	Leatrice Joy	William Boyd
child	Mary Gish was born on September 16, 1876 in Dayton, Ohio, as Mary Robinson McConnell and she was the mother of actresses Lillian Gish and Dorothy Gish.	Mary Gish	Lillian Gish
child	Paul Tien is the chancellor of AUC; while his son, Yife Tien, is the chancellor of Rocky Vista University College of Osteopathic Medicine.	Paul Tien	Yife Tien
child	Both of Consort Xiao's daughters, who by now carried the titles of Princess Yiyang and Princess Gao'an, were put under house arrest inside the palace, and were not allowed to marry.	Consort Xiao	Princess Gao'an
child	In Norse mythology, Gymir was a giant whose daughter, Gerðr, married the god Freyr.	Gymir	Gerðr
child	Through Unbridled, Fappiano is also the great-great-grandsire of 2015 Triple Crown winner American Pharoah.	Fappiano	Unbridled
child	Cleopatra VII Philopator (Greek: Κλεοπάτρα Φιλοπάτωρ; 69 -- August 12, 30 BC), known to history simply as Cleopatra, was the last active pharaoh of Ptolemaic Egypt, shortly survived as pharaoh by her son Caesarion.	Cleopatra	Caesarion
child	Zhuge Jin also had another son named Zhuge Qiao, who was adopted by his brother Zhuge Liang.	Zhuge Jin	Zhuge Qiao
child	A Bene Gesserit of Hidden Rank and wife of the 81st Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV, Anirul is the mother of Shaddam's five daughters, the Princesses Irulan, Chalice, Wensicia, Josifa, and Rugi, and is the grandmother of Farad'n.	Anirul	Wensicia
child	Ningal (``Great Lady/Queen'') was a goddess of reeds in the Sumerian mythology, daughter of Enki and Ningikurga and the consort of the moon god Nanna by whom she bore Utu the sun god, Inanna, and in some texts, Ishkur.	Ningal	Utu	Inanna
child	Countess Anna Maria d'Udekem d'Acoz (born Countess Anna Maria Komorowska on 24 September 1946) is a Polish noblewoman and the mother of Queen Mathilde of Belgium.	Anna Maria Komorowska	Queen Mathilde of Belgium
child	Sonam Dolma Brauen (born 1953) is a Tibetan-Swiss Contemporary painter and sculptor, and the mother of the Swiss-Tibetan artist Yangzom Brauen.	Sonam Dolma Brauen	Yangzom Brauen
child	As his crown prince Chen Shan (陳善) had been captured, Chen Youliang was succeeded by his second son, Chen Li, who was soon attacked by the fleet and army of Wu.	Chen Youliang	Chen Li
child	Edward Neville, 5th Baron Abergavenny d. 10 Feb 1588/89 Sir Henry Neville d. 1593 (Ancestor of George Washington through his daughter Catherine) Katherine Neville, married Clement Throckmorton.	Edward Neville	Henry Neville	Katherine Neville
child	After seven years of illness, Hermeric was forced to retire from the kingship in 438 and pass it on to his son Rechila.	Hermeric	Rechila
child	James Coleridge (3 December 1759 -- 1836) was the older brother of the philosopher-poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge and father of Sir John Taylor Coleridge, future Judge of the King's Bench, and Henry Nelson Coleridge, the editor of Samuel Taylor Coleridge's works.	James Coleridge	John Taylor Coleridge
child	Gao's heir apparent Gao Cheng, born of his wife Princess Lou, had an affair with Gao Huan's concubine Zheng Dache (鄭大車), and the affair was discovered.	Gao Huan	Gao Cheng
child	Tao Qian's men killed Cao De (曹德), another of Cao Song's sons.	Cao Song	Cao De
child	Marina Severa († before 375) was the Empress of Rome and first wife of Emperor Valentinian I. She was the mother of later Emperor Gratian.	Marina Severa	Gratian
child	After he died, Shi Shi took the throne, but after just 33 days was deposed by Shi Zun, who was then deposed by another son of Shi Hu, Shi Jian the Prince of Yiyang.	Shi Hu	Shi Jian
child	Anárion's fourth child, Meneldil, became King of Gondor.	Anárion	Meneldil
child	Abhimanyu's son, Parikshit, became the sole heir to the Pandava empire and succeeded Yudhishthira to the throne.	Abhimanyu	Parikshit
child	Ordinary Consort Nara (納喇), who had one son (Gose) and two daughters (Hong Taiji's 10th and 13th).	Hong Taiji	Gose
child	Isaac Humala Núñez, of Andean origin and who speaks Quechua, is the father of Ollanta Humala, the president of Peru.	Isaac Humala	Ollanta Humala
child	One of those was the famous football player João Coelho Neto (known as ``Preguinho'').	Coelho Neto	Preguinho
child	Despite much counsel from his advisers, the Yongle Emperor chose his older son, Zhu Gaozhi (the future Hongxi Emperor), as his heir apparent mainly due to advice from Xie Jin.	Yongle Emperor	Hongxi Emperor
child	Tahira Mazhar Ali (nee Hayat) (5 January 1924 -- 23 March 2015) was a Pakistani women's rights campaigner, mentor to Benazir Bhutto and mother of Tariq Ali.	Tahira Mazhar Ali	Tariq Ali
child	In Greek mythology, Otrera (Greek: Οτρηρη Otrērē) was a Queen of the Amazons; the daughter of Eurus (the east wind), consort of Ares and mother of Hippolyta, Antiope, Melanippe, and Penthesilea.	Otrera	Hippolyta	Antiope	Melanippe	Penthesilea
child	Rajendra had three sons namely Rajadhiraja Chola, Rajendra Chola II and Virarajendra Chola, who followed him on the Chola throne in succession.	Rajendra Chola I	Virarajendra Chola
child	Hreiðmarr was the father of Fafnir, Ótr, Lyngheiðr, Lofnheiðr and Regin.	Hreiðmarr	Fafnir	Ótr	Regin
child	William Lok was the second son of Thomas Lok, a London mercer, and the grandson of John Lok, also a mercer, who was Sheriff of London in 1461.	William Lok	John Lok
child	David Lander is also the father of Natalie Lander.	David Lander	Natalie Lander
child	François Pils was the father of French painter Isidore Pils.	François Pils	Isidore Pils
child	Thus, Madri bore the twins Nakula and Sahadeva of the Ashwini Kumaras.	Madri	Nakula	Sahadeva
child	We know that a son of Aristophanes, Araros, was also a comic poet and he could have been heavily involved in the production of his father's play Wealth II in 388.	Aristophanes	Araros
child	Hippodamia married Pelops, and their daughters were Astydameia, Nicippe, Lysidice, Mytilene, and Eurydice, and their sons were Atreus, Thyestes, Pittheus, Alcathous, Troezen, Hippalcimus, Copreus, Dias, and Hippasus.	Hippodamia	Atreus	Thyestes	Pittheus
child	Yuk Young-soo (Korean pronunciation: (juɡjʌŋsʰu) November 29, 1925 -- August 15, 1974) was the wife of the 3rd South Korean president Park Chung-hee and the mother of incumbent South Korean president Park Geun-hye.	Yuk Young-soo	Park Geun-hye
child	John Hope (14 February 1737 -- 1784), also known as Jan Hope, was a Dutch banker, the son of Thomas Hope and Margaretha Marcelis.	Jan Hope	Thomas Hope
constellation	HD 211392 is a suspected variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius, positioned about 370 light-years away.	HD 211392	Aquarius
constellation	Pi Persei (π Per) is a star in the constellation Perseus.	Pi Persei	Perseus
constellation	Ross 128 is a small star in the equatorial zodiac constellation of Virgo, the virgin.	Ross 128	Virgo
constellation	V339 Delphini or Nova Delphini 2013 (PNV J20233073+2046041) is a bright nova star in the constellation Delphinus.	V339 Delphini	Delphinus
constellation	KELT-2Ab is an extrasolar planet that orbits the star KELT-2A approximately 419 light-years away in the constellation of Auriga.	KELT-2Ab	Auriga
constellation	7 Comae Berenices (7 Com) is a star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	7 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	IC 5152 is an irregular galaxy 5.8 million light-years from Earth in the constellation Indus.	IC 5152	Indus
constellation	Nu Persei (ν Per, ν Persei) is a Class F5, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Perseus.	Nu Persei	Perseus
constellation	NGC 4027 (also known as Arp 22) is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 83 million light-years away in the constellation Corvus.	NGC 4027	Corvus
constellation	WASP-4b is an extrasolar planet approximately 1,000 light-years away in the constellation of Phoenix.	WASP-4b	Phoenix
constellation	Rho Telescopii (ρ Tel, ρ Telescopii) is the Bayer designation for a star in the southern constellation of Telescopium.	Rho Telescopii	Telescopium
constellation	R Doradus (HD 29712 or P Doradus) is the name of a red giant Mira variable star in the far-southern constellation Dorado, although visually it appears more closely associated with the constellation Reticulum.	R Doradus	Dorado
constellation	NGC 54 is an edge-on spiral galaxy in the constellation of Cetus.	NGC 54	Cetus
constellation	NGC 7790 is a young open cluster of stars located some 10,800 light years away from Earth in the northern constellation of Cassiopeia.	NGC 7790	Cassiopeia
constellation	HD 214810 is a visual binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	HD 214810	Aquarius
constellation	Iota Cephei (ι Cep, ι Cep) is a Class K0, third-magnitude star in the constellation Cepheus.	Iota Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	NGC 2536 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Cancer that is interacting with NGC 2535.	NGC 2536	Cancer
constellation	HD 215497 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K-type main sequence star HD 215497, located approximately 142 light years away in the constellation Tucana.	HD 215497 b	Tucana
constellation	NGC 50 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Cetus with a diameter of 170,000 light-year's.	NGC 50	Cetus
constellation	WASP-43b is a transiting planet in orbit around the young, active, and low-mass star WASP-43 in the constellation Sextans.	WASP-43b	Sextans
constellation	NGC 637 is an open cluster of stars in the constellation Cassiopeia.	NGC 637	Cassiopeia
constellation	HD 153201 is a Bp star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 153201	Ara
constellation	HD 171238 is a 9th magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius.	HD 171238	Sagittarius
constellation	49 Arietis (abbreviated 49 Ari) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries.	49 Arietis	Aries
constellation	18 Delphini b (abbreviated 18 Del b), also named Arion, is an extrasolar planet approximately 238 light-years away in the constellation of Delphinus.	18 Delphini b	Delphinus
constellation	NGC 406 is a spiral galaxy quite similar to the well known Whirlpool galaxy, located some 65 million light-years away, in the southern constellation of Tucana (the Toucan).	NGC 406	Tucana
constellation	HD 43587 is a stellar system approximately 63 light-years away in the constellation of Orion, visible to the naked eye.	HD 43587	Orion
constellation	R Reticuli (R Ret) is a Mira variable star in the constellation Reticulum.	R Reticuli	Reticulum
constellation	Theta Boötis (θ Boo, θ Boötis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	Theta Boötis	Boötes
constellation	Kepler-6 is a yellow giant situated in the constellation Cygnus.	Kepler-6	Cygnus
constellation	IC 4970 is an unbarred lenticular galaxy of type SA0^- pec: in the constellation Pavo.	IC 4970	Pavo
constellation	GSC 03089-00929 is a magnitude 12 star located approximately 1300 light-years away in the constellation of Hercules.	GSC 03089-00929	Hercules
constellation	33 Piscium (33 Psc) is a star in the constellation Pisces.	33 Piscium	Pisces
constellation	HD 73526 is a yellow dwarf star (G6V) about 323 light-years away in the constellation Vela.	HD 73526	Vela
constellation	OGLE-TR-132 is a distant magnitude 15.72 star in the star fields of the constellation Carina.	OGLE-TR-132	Carina
constellation	NGC 467 is an elliptical galaxy in the Pisces constellation.	NGC 467	Pisces
constellation	HAT-P-12 is a magnitude 13 star approximately 465 light years away in the constellation Canes Venatici.	HAT-P-12	Canes Venatici
constellation	HD 45364 is a star approximately 107 light years away from Earth in the constellation of Canis Major.	HD 45364	Canis Major
constellation	NGC 339 is a globular cluster in the constellation Tucana the Toucan.	NGC 339	Tucana
constellation	Xi Aquarii (ξ Aqr, ξ Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Xi Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	55 Cancri f (abbreviated 55 Cnc f), also designated Rho1 Cancri f and named Harriot, is an extrasolar planet approximately 41 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Cancer (the Crab).	55 Cancri f	Cancer
constellation	4 Cygni (4 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus, approximately 710 light years away from Earth.	4 Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	HD 108874 is a yellow dwarf star (spectral type G5 V) in the constellation of Coma Berenices.	HD 108874	Coma Berenices
constellation	29 Herculis (29 Her) is a star in the constellation Hercules.	29 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	V842 Centauri was a nova which occurred in 1986 in the constellation Centaurus and which reached a brightness of 4.6 mag.	V842 Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	1 Persei (1 Per) is a eclipsing binary star in the constellation Perseus.	1 Persei	Perseus
constellation	HD 4778, also known as HR 234, is an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum variable in the constellation Andromeda.	HD 4778	Andromeda
constellation	AC 54 1646-56 is a red dwarf star of spectral type M2.0V, located in constellation Draco at 21.3 light-years from Earth.	AC 54 1646-56	Draco
constellation	MWC 349 is a double (likely, triple) star system in the constellation Cygnus.	MWC 349	Cygnus
constellation	Theta Leporis (θ Lep) is a class A0V (white main-sequence) star in the constellation Lepus.	Theta Leporis	Lepus
constellation	NGC 3054 is an intermediate spiral galaxy in the constellation Hydra.	NGC 3054	Hydra
constellation	HD 219828 is an 8th magnitude star approximately 265 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus.	HD 219828	Pegasus
constellation	Gliese 317 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 50 light-years away in the constellation of Pyxis.	Gliese 317 b	Pyxis
constellation	HD 44219 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G-type main sequence star HD 44219, located approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Monoceros.	HD 44219 b	Monoceros
constellation	2 Scorpii (A Scorpii) is a double star system in the constellation Scorpius.	2 Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	NGC 4603 is a spiral galaxy located about 107 million light years away in the constellation Centaurus.	NGC 4603	Centaurus
constellation	HD 154857 is a yellow main-sequence star approximately 209 light years away in the constellation of Ara.	HD 154857	Ara
constellation	Iota Horologii b (ι Hor b / ι Horologii b), often catalogued HR 810 b, is an extrasolar planet approximately 56 light-years away in the constellation of Horologium (the Pendulum Clock).	Iota Horologii b	Horologium
constellation	NGC 79 is an elliptical galaxy estimated to be about 240 million light-years away in the constellation of Andromeda.	NGC 79	Andromeda
constellation	In astronomy, the Pleiades (/ˈplaɪədiːz/ or /ˈpliːədiːz/), or Seven Sisters (Messier 45 or M45), is an open star cluster containing middle-aged hot B-type stars located in the constellation of Taurus.	Pleiades	Taurus
constellation	Wray 17-96 is a very luminous star in the Scorpius constellation, about 15,000 light-years (4.6 kpc) away.	Wray 17-96	Scorpius
constellation	27 Lyncis (27 Lyn) is a star in the constellation Lynx.	27 Lyncis	Lynx
constellation	Zeta Coronae Australis (ζ CrA), is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis.	Zeta Coronae Australis	Corona Australis
country of citizenship	Chief Oyin Adejobi was very popular in South-Western Nigeria as a dramatist and seasoned actor.	Oyin Adejobi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Born in Kapsabet, Kenya, Josphat Kiprono Menjo was educated at Kapkechui primary school and went on to attend Chemundu secondary school, graduating in 1998.	Josphat Kiprono Menjo	Kenya
country of citizenship	François-Réal Angers ( 20 November 1812 -- 27 March 1860) was a lawyer and writer from Quebec, Canada.	François-Réal Angers	Canada
country of citizenship	Lidia Korsakówna (born 17 January 1934, Baranowicze, Poland -- died 6 August 2013, Konstancin-Jeziorna) was a Polish theater and film actress.	Lidia Korsakówna	Poland
country of citizenship	Rajesh Kumar Agrawal (born 5 May 1953) is a judge on the Supreme Court of India.	Rajesh Kumar Agrawal	India
country of citizenship	Leonardo Aleixa da Costa or simply Leo Costa (born April 15, 1984 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer.	Leonardo Aleixa da Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Harun Doğan (January 1, 1976 in Kahramanmaraş, Turkey) is a Turkish retired World and European champion sports wrestler competing in the -58 kg division of men's freestyle wrestling.	Harun Doğan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hippolyte Carnot lived at first in exile with his father, returning to France only in 1823.	Hippolyte Carnot	France
country of citizenship	Edvard Eilert Christie is best known for serving one term in the Parliament of Norway, being elected in 1824 from the constituency Christianssund og Molde.	Edvard Eilert Christie	Norway
country of citizenship	Mehdi Mirdavoudi (Persian: مهدی میرداوودی) (born September 11, 1977) is an Iranian heavyweight kick-boxer and a professional strongman, competing for Iran in international competitions.	Mehdi Mirdavoudi	Iran
country of citizenship	Augustin Perrault (May 16, 1779 -- August 27, 1859) was a woodworker, merchant and political figure in Lower Canada.	Augustin Perrault	Canada
country of citizenship	Sousan Azadi (born 1954) is the author, with Angela Ferrante, of the 1987 memoir Out of Iran, which was published by Time Warner's imprint Little, Brown and Company.	Sousan Azadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Mustafa Dağıstanlı (11 April 1931, Çarşamba, Turkey), is a former Turkish sports wrestler, who won the gold medal twice in the Men's Freestyle Wrestling at the 1956 Olympics and 1960 Olympics and was three times World champion.	Mustafa Dağıstanlı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hetepheres II was a Queen of Ancient Egypt during the 4th dynasty.	Hetepheres II	Ancient Egypt
country of citizenship	Krister Stendahl (21 April 1921 -- 15 April 2008) was a Swedish theologian and New Testament scholar, and Church of Sweden Bishop of Stockholm.	Krister Stendahl	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mini Graff is a New Zealand born, Sydney-based street artist who works in and around the city's urban fringe.	Mini Graff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jon Lech Johansen (born November 18, 1983 in Harstad, Norway), also known as DVD Jon or GUI Jon, is a Norwegian programmer famous for his work on reverse engineering data formats.	Jon Lech Johansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Voltaire Y. Rosales was a Filipino Executive Judge of the Regional Trial Court, Branch 83, Tanauan, Batangas, Philippines.	Voltaire Y. Rosales	Philippines
country of citizenship	Maharaja Manabendra Shah (26 May 1921 -- 1 January 2005) was a member of the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Manabendra Shah	India
country of citizenship	Chin Eei Hui (born 18 June 1982 in George Town, Penang) is a former elite badminton player from Malaysia who plays in both women's and mixed doubles.	Chin Eei Hui	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Blessed Father Clement Vismara (September 6, 1897, Agrate Brianza, Lombardy Italy -- June 15, 1988, Mong Ping, Burma) was an Italian priest and missionary.	Clement Vismara	Italy
country of citizenship	At the first triathlon of this French circuit, i.e. at the Triathlon de Dunkerque on 23 May 2010, Vyacheslav Pimenov placed 39th and still was the third best triathlete of his club (Ivan Tutukin, Russia: 24th, Alfred Torok, Hungary: 32nd), thus being among the three triathlètes classants l'equipe.	Vyacheslav Pimenov	Russia
country of citizenship	François Bréda (Hungarian: Bréda Ferenc; born 20 February 1956, Deva, Romania), essayist, poet, literary critic, literary historian, translator, theatrologist.	François Bréda	Romania
country of citizenship	Adego Erhiawarie Eferakeya is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Delta Central constituency of Delta State, Nigeria in April 2007.	Adego Erhiawarie Eferakeya	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Manuel Bertrán de Lis y Ribes (28 February 1806, in Valencia, Spain -- 29 July 1869, in Segovia, Spain) was a Spanish politician who served twice as Minister of State, between 1851 and 1852.	Manuel Bertrán de Lis y Ribes	Spain
country of citizenship	John George Brill (German: Johann Georg Brill) (Kassel, Germany, 1817 -- 1888) was a co-founder of J. G. Brill and Company, which, at its height, was the largest manufacturer of streetcars and interurban cars in the United States.	John George Brill	Germany
country of citizenship	William Sage Rapson (14 August 1912 -- 25 June 1999) was a New Zealand and South African chemist.	William Sage Rapson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eliana Menassé is a Mexican painter and member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana, an honor society for Mexican artists She was born in New York, but lived in Mexico since she was two years old and considers herself Mexican.	Eliana Menassé	Mexico
country of citizenship	SS-Obersturmbannführer** Bruno Gesche (5 November 1905 -- 1980) was a lieutenant colonel of the SS in Nazi Germany.	Bruno Gesche	Germany
country of citizenship	Olcay Gür (born 27 March 1991) is a Liechtensteiner footballer of Turkish descent who last played for Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor in Turkey.	Olcay Gür	Turkey
country of citizenship	Rex Joswig (*22 January 1962 in Anklam / East Germany), ``The living repetition machine'' & ``Dubprotector'', has produced wordsounds with Herbst in Peking, Column One, Babylon 23, Badphish and Bert Papenfuß.	Rex Joswig	East Germany
country of citizenship	Chris McBreen (born 9 August 1972) is a New Zealand former professional snooker player, living in Germany.	Chris McBreen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tomáš Chalupa (born 3 July 1974) is a Czech politician, who served as Minister of the Environment of the Czech Republic from January 2011 to July 2013.	Tomáš Chalupa	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Gary Barwin (born 1964 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a Canadian poet, writer, composer, multimedia artist, performer and educator who lives in Hamilton, Ontario(Canada).	Gary Barwin	Canada
country of citizenship	Pierre-André Schürmann (born 5 July 1960 in Port-Valais, Switzerland) is a Swiss football manager and former footballer.	Pierre-André Schürmann	Switzerland
country of citizenship	``Smokin''' Joe McAndrew (born 27 August 1958) is one of New Zealand's most successful rally drivers with a record three national championship titles, won in 1993, 1994 and 1996.	Joe McAndrew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Golab Adineh (Persian: گلاب آدینه ‎‎, Golab Mosta'an, Persian: گلاب مستعان , born on November 13, 1953 in Tehran , Iran ‎‎) is an Iranian actress.	Golab Adineh	Iran
country of citizenship	Eija Krogerus (born 19 June 1932 in Helsinki) is a former bowler who was well known in Finland.	Eija Krogerus	Finland
country of citizenship	Sir Thomas Upington KCMG (1844--1898), born in Cork, Ireland, was an administrator and politician of the Cape Colony.	Thomas Upington	Ireland
country of citizenship	Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg (22 March 1902, Bad Neustadt an der Saale, Lower Franconia -- 23/24 April 1945) The von Guttenberg family originates back to 1149 in Franconia (northern part of Bavaria) in the southern part of Germany.	Karl Ludwig Freiherr von und zu Guttenberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Luke Hurley (born 31 August 1957) is an independent New Zealand guitarist and singer-songwriter, who works mostly outside the confines of the music industry.	Luke Hurley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sylwester Maciejewski (born 10 July 1955 in Żyrardów, Poland) is a Polish actor, with roles in many films.	Sylwester Maciejewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Eustathius, known as Eustathius of Sebaste, was bishop of Sebastia in Armenia.	Eustathius of Sebaste	Armenia
country of citizenship	Mostafa Arab PhD (born August 13, 1941 in, Tehran Iran) is a retired Iranian footballer.	Mostafa Arab	Iran
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Yasuko (1095--1156) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Yasuko	Japan
country of citizenship	Steffi Banowski (born 9 May 1976 in Oberhausen, Germany) is a German radio presenter.	Steffi Banowski	Germany
country of citizenship	Cees de Vreugd, also known as ``Kees de Vreugd'' (March 9, 1952 -- October 7, 1998) was a butcher, strongman and powerlifter from Katwijk, Netherlands.	Cees de Vreugd	Netherlands
country of citizenship	John Will (born 16 April 1957) is a notable martial artist from Australia.	John Will	Australia
country of citizenship	Walter Schieber (13 September 1896 -- 29 June 1960) was an SS Brigadeführer in Nazi Germany, who during the Second World War served as head of the Armaments Supply Office.	Walter Schieber	Germany
country of citizenship	Mike Sparken was a pseudonym for Michel Poberejsky (born 16 June 1930 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine; died 21 September 2012), a former racing driver from France.	Mike Sparken	France
country of citizenship	Severino Vasconcelos (born July 5, 1981 in Pernambuco, Brazil) is a former Brazilian footballer who has played for clubs in Brazil, Chile and Ecuador.	Severino Vasconcelos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Atacan Öztürk has represented Turkey 43 times at various age levels including Under-16's, Under-17's, Under-18's, Under-19's and Under-21's.	Atacan Öztürk	Turkey
country of citizenship	Kamel Chater (born April 7, 1972) is a welterweight boxer from Tunisia, who twice won the gold medal at the All-Africa Games in his weight division.	Kamel Chater	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Emperor Tự Đức (22 September 1829 -- 17 July 1883) (full name: Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Nhậm, also Nguyễn Phúc Thì) was the fourth emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty of Vietnam and reigned from 1847--1883.	Tự Đức	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Eyþór Arnarson (born 1 November 1991 in Akureyri, Iceland) is an Icelandic Alpine skier.	Eyþór Arnarson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Juan Ramón Ayala Rodriguez (born January 12, 1989, in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Light Welterweight division and the current WBC Youth World Light Welterweight champion.	Juan Ramón Ayala	Mexico
country of citizenship	Helen Connon (c. 1860 -- 22 February 1903) was an educational pioneer from Christchurch, New Zealand.	Helen Connon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Esmail Khoi (Persian: اسماعیل خویی‎; born in 1938 in Mashhad, Iran), is an Iranian poet ,.	Esmail Khoi	Iran
country of citizenship	Mohammad Jassem Khodayyir was Minister for Immigration in the cabinet appointed by the Interim Iraq Governing Council in September 2003.	Mohammad Jassem Khodayyir	Iraq
country of citizenship	Pehr von Afzelius (14 December 1760, Larv - 2 December 1843 in Uppsala, Sweden) was a Swedish physician and professor in Uppsala.	Pehr von Afzelius	Sweden
country of citizenship	Inga Markovits (born 1937 in Germany) is an American lawyer, and The Friends of Joe Jamail Regents Chair, at the University of Texas.	Inga Markovits	Germany
country of citizenship	Eduardo X Arroyo (born 1953, Quito, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian painter.	Eduardo X Arroyo	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Mostafa Nazari (Persian: مصطفی نظری‎‎; born 11 December 1982 in Tehran) is an Iranian futsal player who plays as a goalkeeper for Tasisat Daryaei and the Iran national futsal team.	Mostafa Nazari	Iran
country of citizenship	The Central Asian musician Ari Babakhanov of Uzbekistan masters the long-necked lutes tanbur, qashqari rubab and dutar.	Ari Babakhanov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Georg Harding (born 30 August 1981 in Steyr, Upper Austria) is an Austrian footballer who plays for LASK Linz.	Georg Harding	Austria
country of citizenship	Ralf Waldmann (born July 14, 1966 in Hagen, West Germany) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Ralf Waldmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Karl-Heinz Tritschler (born September 16, 1949), is a former football referee from Germany.	Karl-Heinz Tritschler	Germany
country of citizenship	Carlo Weber (born 6 April 1934 in Saarbrücken, Germany, died 15 May 2014) was a German architect and professor, the founder and senior partner of Auer+Weber+Assoziierte.	Carlo Weber	Germany
country of citizenship	Odette de Champdivers (also known as Oudine or Odinette; b. about 1390 - d. ca. 1425) was the mistress of Charles VI of France (the Mad).	Odette de Champdivers	France
country of citizenship	Wyndham Hill-Smith OBE (born 16 February 1909, Angaston, South Australia, died 25 October 1990, Angaston) was a cricketer.	Wyndham Hill-Smith	Australia
country of citizenship	Alfred Henry Burton (c. 1834 -- 2 February 1914) is considered one of New Zealand's most important nineteenth-century photographers.	Alfred Henry Burton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guido Bertolaso (born March 20, 1950, Rome, Italy) is an Italian physician and state functionary, and from 2001 to 2010 was commander in chief of the Italian Civil Protection department.	Guido Bertolaso	Italy
country of citizenship	Antonio Álvarez Desanti, is a Costa Rican businessman and politician, currently affiliated with the Partido Liberación Nacional (PLN) in Costa Rica.	Antonio Álvarez Desanti	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Anjali Sharma(born 12 December 1956) is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Anjali Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Jacques Faitlovitch (1881--1955), an Ashkenazi Jew born in Łódź, Congress Poland, studied Ethiopian languages at the Sorbonne under Joseph Halévy.	Jacques Faitlovitch	Poland
country of citizenship	José Manuel González Hernández (Born October 6, 1981 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Dragón in the Salvadoran Premier League.	José Manuel González Hernández	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Louis Fornel (August 20, 1698 -- May 30, 1745) was a French merchant, explorer, and seigneur in New France.	Louis Fornel	New France
country of citizenship	Petros Chrysochos (born April 8, 1996) is a professional Cypriot tennis player and a member of Cyprus Davis Cup team.	Petros Chrysochos	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Heimir Hallgrímsson (born 10 June 1967 in Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland) is an Icelandic football manager and former player, currently managing Iceland jointly with Lars Lagerbäck, having previously been his assistant manager with Iceland.	Heimir Hallgrímsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Diederich Hinrichsen (born 17 February 1939) is a German mathematician who, together with Hans W. Knobloch, established the field of dynamical systems theory and control theory in Germany.	Diederich Hinrichsen	Germany
country of citizenship	Ana Martín (born Ana Beatriz Martínez Solórzano on May 14, 1947 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actress, singer producer and former model, best known for her work in telenovelas, movies and the stage.	Ana Martín	Mexico
country of citizenship	Khoun Laboravy (born August 25, 1988 in Kampong Cham, Cambodia) is a footballer who playing for Boeung Ket Angkor in Cambodian League.	Khoun Laboravy	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Adil Khan (Urdu: عادل خان‎, pronounced (ˈaːd̪ɪl ˈxaːn); born on 3 February 1983 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian dancer and actor of Punjabi/Pashtun descent.	Adil Khan	Norway
country of citizenship	Elżbieta Romanowska (born 4 June 1983 in Głogów, Poland) is a Polish film, television and theater actress.	Elżbieta Romanowska	Poland
country of citizenship	Shahram Homayoun (Persian: شهرام همایون‎‎) is an Iranian political dissident, political activist and the owner of ``Channel one'', a Persian satellite TV station based in Los Angeles, California that broadcasts into Iran on a daily basis.	Shahram Homayoun	Iran
country of citizenship	Oliver Whitehead is a guitarist and composer, originally from England, who has worked mostly in Canada.	Oliver Whitehead	Canada
country of citizenship	Mathis Nitschke is a conceptual artist, music composer and sound designer based in Munich, Germany.	Mathis Nitschke	Germany
country of citizenship	Enrique Loedel Palumbo (Montevideo Uruguay, June 29, 1901 -- La Plata Argentina, July 31, 1962) was a Latin American physicist.	Enrique Loedel Palumbo	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Alon Yavnai (Hebrew: אלון יבנאי‎; born 1969) is an Israel-born jazz pianist.	Alon Yavnai	Israel
country of citizenship	Shoaib Khan (born April 13, 1985 in Bostan) is a left-handed Pakistani batsman who plays for Quetta Bears and played four international Twenty20 matches for Pakistan in the Al-Barkah Twenty20 Tournament.	Shoaib Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rob Wells is a multi-platinum, award-winning producer/songwriter based in Canada.	Rob Wells	Canada
country of citizenship	Taina Kokkonen (born 15 May 1975 in Vantaa near Helsinki, Finland) is a former award-winning Finnish singer.	Taina Kokkonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Thomas Fletcher Morrison (February 22, 1808 -- July 23, 1886) was a sailor, farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Thomas Fletcher Morrison	Canada
country of citizenship	Sean Tretheway is a paralympic swimmer from New Zealand competing mainly in category S9 events.	Sean Tretheway	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jens Ulrik Munther (born 18 February 1994) is a Swedish singer-songwriter, actor and multi-instrumentalist signed to Universal Music Sweden.	Ulrik Munther	Sweden
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Schepmann (17 June 1894 -- 26 July 1970) was an Sturmabteilung (SA) general (Obergruppenführer) in Nazi Germany and the last Stabschef (Chief of Staff) of the Nazi Stormtroopers.	Wilhelm Schepmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Marc Battier (born 21 December 1947 in Brive, France) is a composer and musicologist.	Marc Battier	France
country of citizenship	Bogić Bogićević (Богић Богићевић) is a Bosnian statesman of Bosnian Serb ethnicity, born in Ugljevik, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia (present day Bosnia and Herzegovina).	Bogić Bogićević	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Miroslav Varga (born 21 September 1960 in Žatec) is a sports shooter and Olympic Champion for Czechoslovakia.	Miroslav Varga	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey was born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, to a Spanish father and a French-American mother.	Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey	Spain
country of citizenship	Jacob Roll Knagenhjelm (1858 -- 1932) was the Lord Chamberlain of King Haakon VII of Norway from 1925 to 1931 and a member of the Norwegian nobility.	Jacob Roll Knagenhjelm	Norway
country of citizenship	Anita Dube (born 1958) is an Indian contemporary artist whose conceptually rich, politically charged work has been widely exhibited in India at major museums and galleries, Lakeeren Gallery, Mumbai including the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art (New Delhi); the Dr. Bhau Daji Lad Museum (Mumbai);	Anita Dube	India
country of citizenship	Otto John (19 March 1909 -- 26 March 1997) was the first head of West Germany's domestic intelligence service, the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, from 1950 to 1954.	Otto John	Germany
country of citizenship	Otto Guevara Guth (born October 13, 1960) is a politician in Costa Rica and founder of the Partido Movimiento Libertario (Libertarian Movement Party).	Otto Guevara	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Yun Mi-jin (윤미진; born April 30, 1983) is an archer from South Korea who has won three Olympic gold medals and is a former world number one.	Yun Mi-jin	South Korea
country of citizenship	Gerardo Horacio Porcayo Villalobos (born May 10, 1966 in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico), is a Mexican science fiction and fantasy writer.	Gerardo Horacio Porcayo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Potenciano Gregorio was born in what was then known as the town of Lib-og (now Santo Domingo) in the province of Albay in the Philippines.	Potenciano Gregorio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Peter Zoller (born 16 September 1952) is a theoretical physicist from Austria.	Peter Zoller	Austria
country of citizenship	Prabuddha Laha (14 December 1950 -- 7 September 2004) was an advocate and politician from West Bengal, India.	Prabuddha Laha	India
country of citizenship	Aníbal Bello is a paralympic athlete from Venezuela competing mainly in category F11 throws events.	Aníbal Bello	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Petrit Ago is the former General Director of Customs of Albania and former head of Tirana taxation office who replaced in his new position Ardian Maci, who was dismissed from work on November 1999 for not accomplishing the objectives set by the Ministry of Finance on realizing the customs income plan.	Petrit Ago	Albania
country of citizenship	Dave Quested (born 16 April 1946) is a former New Zealand cricket umpire.	Dave Quested	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Davide Cassani (born 1 January 1961) is a former road cyclist and cycling commentator on Italian television from Italy.	Davide Cassani	Italy
country of citizenship	Justice Chaudhry Muhammad Sharif (جسٹس چوہدری محمد شریف) (March 10, 1928 - June 29, 2009) was a prominent judge of the Lahore High Court in Pakistan.	Chaudhry Muhammad Sharif	Pakistan
country of citizenship	After returning to Stockholm, Ove Pihl was employed by the advertising agency Ervaco Annonsbyrå, where he created the campaign for the shift to right hand traffic in Sweden, in collaboration with Björn Bunge.	Ove Pihl	Sweden
country of citizenship	Cayetano Heredia (August 5, 1797 -- June 11, 1861) was a Peruvian physician, born in Catacaos, Piura, northwestern Peru.	Cayetano Heredia	Peru
country of citizenship	Lasse Sætre (born 10 March 1974) is a former speed skater from Norway, who for several years was among the world's best long distance skaters.	Lasse Sætre	Norway
country of citizenship	José Maria Alkmin (11 June 1901 -- 22 April 1974) was Vice-President of Brazil from 1964 to 1967.	José Maria Alkmin	Brazil
country of citizenship	The single, written by Tim Bendzko, Mo Brandis and Simon Triebel, was certified 3x Gold in Germany for sales of more than 450,000 copies.	Tim Bendzko	Germany
country of citizenship	Daniel Gilchrist was a New Zealand rugby footballer who was part of the professional 1907-1908 New Zealand rugby tour of Great Britain.	Daniel Gilchrist	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lorne Robson was a Communist politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Lorne Robson	Canada
country of citizenship	Carolina Rodríguez Ballesteros born (on May 24, 1986 in León, Spain) is a Spanish rhythmic gymnast.	Carolina Rodríguez	Spain
country of citizenship	Charles-André Julien was born in Caen, northern France and emigrated with his family to Algeria (then under French occupation) at the age of 15, where he picked up an interest in the history of the region.	Charles-André Julien	France
country of citizenship	Faifili Levave (born 15 January 1986) is a New Zealand professional rugby union player currently playing for the Wellington Lions and the Hurricanes.	Faifili Levave	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maia Sandu (b. May 24, 1972, Risipeni, Fălești) is a Moldovan economist, and Minister of Education of Moldova from 2012 until 2015.	Maia Sandu	Moldova
country of citizenship	Elvin Eksioglu (born September 13, 1966 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish film director, photographer, screenwriter, and film producer.	Elvin Eksioglu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mushitaro Oguri (小栗 虫太郎 Oguri Mushitarō, March 14, 1901 -- February 10, 1946) was a Japanese author, an important mystery novelist in pre-war Japan.	Mushitaro Oguri	Japan
country of citizenship	Rowland Robert Teape Davis (c.1807--27 February 1879) was a New Zealand labour reformer, hotel-keeper and politician.	Rowland Robert Teape Davis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paulina Woźniak (born 4 February 1992) is a Paralympic swimmer from Poland.	Paulina Woźniak	Poland
country of citizenship	Paddy Driver (born in Johannesburg, 13 May 1934) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and a racing driver from South Africa.	Paddy Driver	South Africa
country of citizenship	Lettie Annie Allen (3 October 1901--15 June 1980) was a New Zealand public servant, political activist, feminist and local politician.	Lettie Annie Allen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Winston Foran (born March 13, 1952 in Newcastle, New Brunswick, Canada) was a New Brunswick politician and retired police officer.	John Winston Foran	Canada
country of citizenship	In 1998, Kwaw Ansah was awarded the Acrag Prize, the Living Legend Award for Contribution to the Arts of Ghana.	Kwaw Ansah	Ghana
country of citizenship	William Dobell was born in Cooks Hill, a working-class neighbourhood of Newcastle, New South Wales in Australia.	William Dobell	Australia
country of citizenship	Saadia Himi (born February 8, 1984 in Nijmegen) is a model and a beautyqueen from the Netherlands.	Saadia Himi	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Luke Hemsworth was born in Melbourne, Australia on November 5, 1980 to Leonie, an English teacher, and Craig Hemsworth, a social-services counselor.	Luke Hemsworth	Australia
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Piña Ludueña was born in Gibraltar in 1545 which was then part of Spain.	Gonzalo Piña Ludueña	Spain
country of citizenship	Kayi Cheung (simplified Chinese: 张嘉儿; traditional Chinese: 張嘉兒; Pinyin: Zhāng Jiā'ér; Yale: Jeung1 Ga1 Yi4), born on 18 November 1983 in Hong Kong with family roots in Chaozhou, Guangdong, was Miss Hong Kong 2007.	Kayi Cheung	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Sister Mary Prema Pierick, M.C. (born 13 May 1953), is the current Superior General of the Missionaries of Charity of Calcutta, India, the religious institute founded by the Blessed Mother Teresa of Calcutta (Kolkata).	Mary Prema Pierick	India
country of citizenship	Lourdes Grobet Argüelles (born 25 July 1940 in Mexico) is a contemporary Mexican photographer, best known for her photographs of Mexican Lucha libre wrestlers.	Lourdes Grobet	Mexico
country of citizenship	Daisuke Masuda (益田 大介, born September 27, 1973 in Akashi, Hyōgo, Japan) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball outfielder.	Daisuke Masuda	Japan
country of citizenship	Santiago Arias was part of Colombia U17 team who finished fourth in the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup, playing all matches (except third place match, making a total of 6 appearances) and scoring the first penalty during quarter-final penalty shoot-out against Turkey.	Santiago Arias	Colombia
country of citizenship	The Indiana Companion to Traditional Chinese Literature, Part 1 argued that Li Baojia's novels ``portrayed China in a serious state of disrepair and in need of drastic change'' and that his works ``served an important political and social function in a critical transitional period.''	Li Baojia	China
country of citizenship	Tan Sri Dato' Seri Dr. Teh Hong Piow (simplified Chinese: 郑鸿标; traditional Chinese: 鄭鴻標; pinyin: Zhèng Hóngbiāo), the Chairman of Public Bank Berhad in Malaysia, was born in Singapore on 14 March 1930.	Teh Hong Piow	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Frederick Edward Maning (5 July 1812 -- 25 July 1883) was a notable early settler in New Zealand, a writer and judge of the Native Land Court.	Frederick Edward Maning	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexander Vladimirovich Yakovenko (Russian: Алекса́ндр Влади́мирович Якове́нко, born October 21, 1954, in Homel) is Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom (since January 2011) and former Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Russia.	Alexander Vladimirovich Yakovenko	Russia
country of citizenship	Pannie Kianzad born December 8, 1991 in Ahwaz, Iran is an Iranian-Swedish mixed martial artist.	Pannie Kianzad	Iran
country of citizenship	Marek Krawczyk (born March 23, 1976 in Gdańsk, Pomorskie) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Poland, who competed for his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia).	Marek Krawczyk	Poland
country of citizenship	Joseph Hill was born in 1949 in Linstead, a town in Saint Catherine Parish in the southeast of Jamaica.	Joseph Hill	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Jessica Haines was born in 1978 in Umtata in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Jessica Haines	South Africa
country of citizenship	Brodie McGhie Willcox (1786 - 1862) was a Liberal Member of Parliament and the co-founder of the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company, one of the United Kingdom's largest shipping businesses.	Brodie McGhie Willcox	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Sir David William Smith, 1st Baronet (September 4, 1764 -- May 9, 1837) was a soldier and political figure in Upper Canada.	Sir David William Smith, 1st Baronet	Canada
country of citizenship	Guy Dejouany was a French businessman, former President of the French group Générale des Eaux from 1976 to 1996 and one of the most emblematic leaders in the period 1970-2000 France.	Guy Dejouany	France
country of citizenship	Aghvan Chatinyan (born 14 December 1927 in Vardapluri, Stepanavan, Armenia) is an Armenian mountaineer and several times Caucasus rock climbing champion.	Aghvan Chatinyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Luis Rosendo Ramos Maldonado (born 6 September 1957) is a retired road bicycle racer from Mexico, who twice won the men's individual road race at the Pan American Games: in 1983 and 1987.	Luis Rosendo Ramos	Mexico
country of citizenship	Joseph Guibord (31 March 1809 -- 18 November 1869) was a printer in Montréal, Quebec, Canada, known for the quality of his work.	Joseph Guibord	Canada
country of citizenship	Mirela Cabero (born July 31, 1990 in Aranjuez, Spain) is a Spanish singer.	Mirela	Spain
country of citizenship	Te Paea Selby-Rickit (born 14 January 1992) is a New Zealand netball player, who plays for the Southern Steel in the trans-Tasman ANZ Championship.	Te Paea Selby-Rickit	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gustave Kahnt (1848--1923) was a Luxembourg composer and conductor of German origin.	Gustave Kahnt	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Lada Engchawadechasilp (Thai: ลดา เองชวเดชาศิลป์) is a Thai American who won the Miss Thailand World pageant in 2001.	Lada Engchawadechasilp	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sissy Höfferer (born April 23, 1955 in Klagenfurt, Austria) is an Austrian television actress.	Sissy Höfferer	Austria
country of citizenship	Querelle Jansen (born October 14, 1985 in Rotterdam, the Netherlands) is a Dutch model.	Querelle Jansen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bijoy Krishna Goswami (Bengali: বিজয় কৃষ্ণ গোস্বামী) (2 August 1841 -- 1899) was a prominent social reformer and religious figure and incarnation of Mahaprabhu Chaitanya in India during the British period.	Bijoy Krishna Goswami	India
country of citizenship	Thierry Michel was born in Charleroi in Belgium on 13 October 1952 in an industrial region called ``The Black Country''.	Thierry Michel	Belgium
country of citizenship	Badohou, who took the throne name Glele, is considered (if Adandozan is not counted) to be the tenth King of the Aja kingdom of Dahomey (part of modern-day Benin).	Glele	Benin
country of citizenship	Józef Grudzień (born 1 April 1939, Piasek Wielki near Busko-Zdrój) is a retired boxer from Poland.	Józef Grudzień	Poland
country of citizenship	Jean Weigle was born in Geneva, Switzerland, where he obtained his PhD in physics in 1923, from the University of Geneva.	Jean Weigle	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Sophia Ann Bates (6 March 1817--28 November 1899) was a New Zealand teacher and postmistress.	Sophia Ann Bates	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Giulia Anghelescu (born 7 November 1984), better known as simply Giulia is a Romanian pop/dance recording artist and occasional DJ on the Pro FM in Romania.	Giulia Anghelescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Preeti Dimri (Hindi: प्रीती डिमरी, b. 18 October 1986 in Agra) is a Test and One-day international cricketer who represents the India national women's cricket team.	Preeti Dimri	India
country of citizenship	Danielle Winits, the stage name of Danielle Winitskowski de Azevedo, (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, December 5, 1973) is a Brazilian actress, dancer, and singer.	Danielle Winits	Brazil
country of citizenship	Stéphane Neville (born October 20, 1973 in Marseille, France) is a French singer, composer, actor and director.	Stéphane Neville	France
country of citizenship	Sonia Falcone, born March 27, 1965 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, is a Bolivian painter and artist.	Sonia Falcone	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Bao Xin (152--192) was a military general who lived during the late Han Dynasty of China.	Bao Xin	China
country of citizenship	Eugen Gerstenmaier belonged to a CDU faction who internally criticized Konrad Adenauer's policy of engaging the West because that brought along with it a tendency to turn away from the goal of reuniting Germany.	Eugen Gerstenmaier	Germany
country of citizenship	Billey Shamrock Gleissner (born January 31, 1964 in Solberga, Sweden) is an entertainer, singer, comedian, actor, composer and writer.	Billey Shamrock	Sweden
country of citizenship	Franz Rottensteiner (born in Waidmannsfeld, Lower Austria, Austria on 18 January 1942) is an Austrian publisher and critic in the fields of science fiction and the fantastic.	Franz Rottensteiner	Austria
country of citizenship	Sladjana Matejevic (born July 1974), or also written Slađana Matejević and Слађана Матејевић, is painter and writer from Austria.	Sladjana Matejevic	Austria
country of citizenship	Alfred Junge (29 January 1886, Görlitz, Silesia (now Saxony), Germany -- 16 July 1964, London) was a German-born production designer who spent a large part of his career working in the British film industry.	Alfred Junge	Germany
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Letelier Pizarro (born May 20, 1959 in Valparaíso) is a former football striker from Chile, who was nicknamed ``Pato'' and/or ``Lete''.	Juan Carlos Letelier	Chile
country of citizenship	Mbulelo Botile (b 23 July 1972 in Duncan Village, East London) is a former 2-time world champion boxer from South Africa.	Mbulelo Botile	South Africa
country of citizenship	Alfredo Ramúa (born September 4, 1986, in Villa Gobernador Gálvez, (Santa Fe), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Real Garcilaso of the Primera División in Peru.	Alfredo Ramúa	Argentina
country of citizenship	Sölvi Helgason (August 16, 1820 -- November 27, 1895) was an artist, philosopher and drifter in Iceland in the 19th century.	Sölvi Helgason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Gianluca De Ponti (born July 14, 1952 in Firenze, Italy) was a professional footballer who during his career played for Impruneta, Terranuovese, Sangiovannese, Cesena, Bologna, Avellino, Sampdoria, Ascoli and Żurrieq, throughout his career he played as a striker.	Gianluca De Ponti	Italy
country of citizenship	Sammy Onyango (3 March 1961 -- 2 August 2002) was a Kenya international football winger who played club football in Kenya.	Sammy Onyango	Kenya
country of citizenship	Arif Sağ (born 1945 in Aşkale, Erzurum, Turkey) is a singer, bağlama virtuoso, and leading figure in modern Turkish folk music, as well as a former MP in the Turkish parliament, and an academic.	Arif Sağ	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hubert Eisner (born 7 August 1897 in Köflach, Austria; date and place of death unknown) was an Austrian Nazi and became Kreisleiter of Voitsberg.	Hubert Eisner	Austria
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Ciribini (January 20, 1913 -- July 24, 1990) was an Italian engineer and professor, considered the father of the discipline of Architectural technology in Italy.	Giuseppe Ciribini	Italy
country of citizenship	Navin Nischol (11 April 1946 -- 19 March 2011) was an Indian actor born in Lahore, British India.	Navin Nischol	India
country of citizenship	Svein Olav Blindheim (born 25 July 1954 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (upright bass), composer and writer, and the brother of jazz pianist Oddbjørn Blindheim.	Svein Olav Blindheim	Norway
country of citizenship	Fachry Husaini (born 27 July 1965 in Lhokseumawe) is an Indonesian football manager who previously manages the Indonesia Super League club Bontang FC.	Fachry Husaini	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Arno Klasen (born 1967 in Karlshausen, Germany) is a German racecar driver best known for his long career in VLN endurance racing series on the Nürburgring.	Arno Klasen	Germany
country of citizenship	Pavel Steidl (born June 24, 1961) is a classical guitarist who was born in Rakovnik, Czechoslovakia (now in the Czech Republic), but has lived in the Netherlands for many years.	Pavel Steidl	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	In 1944, Selim Sarper was appointed Turkey's Ambassador to Moscow, an important mission during the last years of World War II and the early years of the Cold War (1947-1991).	Selim Sarper	Turkey
country of citizenship	William Joseph Napier (1857 -- 28 November 1925) was a Liberal Party Member of Parliament for Auckland, New Zealand (1899--1902).	William Joseph Napier	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shoshana Rudiakov was born on 25 June 1948 in Riga, Latvia (then within the USSR).	Shoshana Rudiakov	Latvia
country of citizenship	Elyazid Maddour (born October 14, 1987 in Larbaâ Nath Irathen (Tizi Ouzou), Algeria) is a footballer.	Elyazid Maddour	Algeria
country of citizenship	Josip Lucić (April 26, 1957) is a Croatian general and former chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia.	Josip Lucić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Rocky Verma (born 9 November 1969) in Indore, Madhya Pradesh India) is an Indian bollywood film and television actor.	Rocky Verma	India
country of citizenship	Frank Gibson, Jr. (born 1946) is a New Zealand jazz drummer and drum tutor.	Frank Gibson, Jr.	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alejandro Marmo is an Argentine artist born in the district of Tres de Febrero, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Alejandro Marmo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kiki Vidis (born May 15, 1989 in Queensland, Australia) is an Australian pornographic actress.	Kiki Vidis	Australia
country of citizenship	Te Kari Waaka (6 March 1916 -- 28 November 1991) was a notable New Zealand Ringatu minister, community leader.	Te Kari Waaka	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bruno Brodd was an American track and field athlete, born in Finland, who specialized in the javelin throw.	Bruno Brodd	Finland
country of citizenship	Nigel Dick travels by bicycle and has made cycle tours in fourteen countries, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia, Thailand, Vietnam, and various states of Europe, including his home country of the United Kingdom.	Nigel Dick	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Fritz Jakobsson (born 8 January 1940 in Pori) is a painter living in Vaasa, Finland most known for his portraits.	Fritz Jakobsson	Finland
country of citizenship	Enayatollah Atashi (Persian: عنایت‌الله آتشی ‎, born July 23, 1946 in Iran) is an Iranian basketball coach.	Enayatollah Atashi	Iran
country of citizenship	Shanta Kumar (born 12 September 1934) is a former Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh and a former minister in Government of India.	Shanta Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Jason De Ron is a musician from Melbourne, Australia, most notable for being the former guitarist for the death/doom band Paramaecium and co founder and guitarist of the avant garde/progressive metal band Altera Enigma.	Jason De Ron	Australia
country of citizenship	Alexander Karatheodori Pasha (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Καραθεοδωρής; 1833--1906) was a Greek statesman of the Ottoman Empire.	Alexander Karatheodori Pasha	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Rajinder Kaur (1931 - 1989) was an Indian journalist and politician from Punjab, India.	Rajinder Kaur	India
country of citizenship	Jens Byggmark (born 22 August 1985) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Sweden, who specialises in the technical events of slalom and giant slalom.	Jens Byggmark	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pieter, Peeter, or Peter Danckerts de Rij, Dankers de Ry, or Peteris Dankersas (1605, in Amsterdam -- 9 August 1661, in Rūdninkai Forest near Vilnius) was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in Poland.	Peter Danckerts de Rij	Poland
country of citizenship	Rodolfo Gómez Orozco (born October 30, 1950 in Mexico City) is a retired long-distance runner, who was one of the leading runners represented from Mexico in the 1970s and 1980s.	Rodolfo Gómez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Tomas Andersson Wij (often abbreviated by fans as TAW) (born Tomas Per Andersson on February 6, 1972 in Stockholm, Sweden and (raised in the south suburbs Fruängen and Sköndal), is a Swedish singer and songwriter, but also working as a journalist.	Tomas Andersson Wij	Sweden
country of citizenship	Rainis was also socially active and politically prominent, being one of the national leaders of the Revolution of 1905 in Latvia and the New Current that foreshadowed it.	Rainis	Latvia
country of citizenship	Rakel Helmsdal (born 25 September 1966 in Tårnby, Amager, Denmark, has been living in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands for most of her life) is a Faroese writer.	Rakel Helmsdal	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Siwakorn Jakkuprasat (Thai: ศิวกร จักขุประสาท; born 23 April 1992) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Siwakorn Jakkuprasat	Thailand
country of citizenship	With his student band called ``Black Balloon'' Marco Angelini performed in Germany, Greece, Austria, Luxembourg and Spain.	Marco Angelini	Austria
country of citizenship	Mananui Te Heuheu Tukino II (? -- 7 May 1846) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader.	Mananui Te Heuheu Tukino II	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Leonid Voloshin (Russian: Леонид Волошин; born March 30, 1966 in Ordzhonikidze) is a retired triple jumper from Russia.	Leonid Voloshin	Russia
country of citizenship	John Albert Leach (19 March 1870 -- 3 October 1929) was an ornithologist, teacher and headmaster in the state of Victoria, Australia.	John Albert Leach	Australia
country of citizenship	Alex Diego Tejado (born 1 July 1985) is a Mexican footballer playing for Alebrijes de Oaxaca on loan from Atlante F.C. in Mexico.	Alex Diego	Mexico
country of citizenship	Efren Ordoñez's work was exhibited in Mexico and also the United States, including exhibitions at the Dreyer Gallery in Houston and the Palacio de Bellas Artes, Mexico City.	Efren Ordoñez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Olivier Chastan (born September 16, 1973 in Bordeaux, France) is a record producer, music publisher and record executive.	Olivier Chastan	France
country of citizenship	Đặng Thân is a notable bilingual poet, fiction writer and essayist, based in Vietnam.	Đặng Thân	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Suresh Nanda is an Indian businessman, former Lt. Commander for the Indian navy, and owner of several companies including the firm Crown Corporation, Dynatron Services, and Claridges hotels in India.	Suresh Nanda	India
country of citizenship	Edward Blom, born 22 October 1970 in Ekerö, Sweden, is a Swedish archivist, trade historian, writer and a television personality in Sweden.	Edward Blom	Sweden
country of citizenship	Anand Dev Bhatt (Nepali: आनन्ददेव भट्ट) is a Nepalese literaturist and politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).	Anand Dev Bhatt	Nepal
country of citizenship	Camila Stuardo, is a model and a beauty pageant contestant from Temuco, Chile.	Camila Stuardo	Chile
country of citizenship	DJ Skudero (born Marc Escudero Gonzálvez, 6 March 1976) is a Spanish mákina DJ and producer who gained prominence in the mid-to-late-1990s with several top ten singles in Spain.	DJ Skudero	Spain
country of citizenship	Alf Prøysen (23 July 1914 -- 23 November 1970), was a writer and musician from Norway.	Alf Prøysen	Norway
country of citizenship	Aurelius Prudentius Clemens was a Roman Christian poet, born in the Roman province of Tarraconensis (now Northern Spain) in 348.	Prudentius	Spain
country of citizenship	Reza Malekzadeh (Persian: رضا ملك زاده) (born 1952, Kazerun, Fars province, Iran) is an Iranian medical scientist and gastroenterologist.	Reza Malekzadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Robin Maconie (born 22 October 1942 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand composer, pianist, and writer.	Robin Maconie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tristán Marof (born Gustavo Adolfo Navarro in Sucre, Bolivia, 1898; died Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia, 1979) was a Bolivian diplomat, writer, essayist, and journalist.	Tristán Marof	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Doctors & Dealers is a one-woman band based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Doctors & Dealers	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jitin Prasada (born 29 November 1973) is an Indian politician from India & Former Minister of State for Human Resource .	Jitin Prasada	India
country of citizenship	Freddie McGregor (born 27 June 1956, Clarendon, Jamaica) has been variously a singer, musician and producer.	Freddie McGregor	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Sir James Hugh Buchanan Coates (9 October 1851--11 October 1935) was a New Zealand sportsman and banker.	James Hugh Buchanan Coates	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Franck Borotra was born on 30 August 1937 in Nantes, in the Loire-Atlantique department situated on the west coast of France.	Franck Borotra	France
country of citizenship	Léa Garcia (Born March 11, 1933, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress.	Léa Garcia	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mark Albiston (born 19 March 1972) is a New Zealand film, television and advertising director.	Mark Albiston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rapepat Nakphet (Thai: รพีพัชร นาคเพ็ชร, born October 30, 1986) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Rapepat Nakphet	Thailand
country of citizenship	Octavio Brunetti (May 12, 1975 -- August 29, 2014) was a pianist, arranger and composer from Argentina.	Octavio Brunetti	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tristram Woodhouse (born 13 June 1974 in Western Australia) is a former field hockey forward from Australia, who made his debut for the Men's National Team in 2003 in a Test series against The Netherlands.	Tristram Woodhouse	Australia
country of citizenship	Bernhard Günter (born 1957 in Neuwied, Germany) is a German post-Cageian composer associated with microsound and lowercase movements or styles of minimalist composition.	Bernhard Günter	Germany
country of citizenship	Ivan Yevreinov was born in Poland, then brought to Russia and baptized into Orthodox Christianity.	Ivan Yevreinov	Russia
country of citizenship	Steve Pratt spent the late 1990s working for the foreign aid organisation CARE Australia.	Steve Pratt	Australia
country of citizenship	John Anthony St. Etienne de Wolf (ca. 1931 -- May 28, 2003) was a journalist, economist and politician in British Columbia, Canada.	John Anthony St. Etienne de Wolf	Canada
country of citizenship	Dervla Murphy (born 28 November 1931, in Lismore, County Waterford, Ireland) is an Irish touring cyclist and author of adventure travel books for over 40 years.	Dervla Murphy	Ireland
country of citizenship	Aarni Neuvonen, properly Vadim Rozenberg, also known under the aliases of Aarni Rozenberg and Vadim Petrov, is the largest ever perpetrator of employment fraud in Estonia.	Aarni Neuvonen	Estonia
country of citizenship	René Leleu created one of the bronze sculptures for the Mémorial de la France combattante at Mont Valérien in 1960.	René Leleu	France
country of citizenship	Roman Šebrle (Czech pronunciation: (ˈroman ˈʃɛbr̩lɛ); born 26 November 1974) is an athlete from the Czech Republic.	Roman Šebrle	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Vicente Romo Navarro (born April 12, 1943 in Santa Rosalía, Baja California Sur, Mexico) is a former professional baseball pitcher.	Vicente Romo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Florida is Sofia Talvik's fourth album, which was released in May 2010, and was partially written during a time when Talvik lived in Orlando, Florida, though it was recorded back in Stockholm, Sweden.	Sofia Talvik	Sweden
country of citizenship	Laura Munana (born July 24, 1981 in San Jose, California, USA) is an American ice dancer who represented Mexico in international competition with her brother Luke Munana.	Laura Munana	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ahmet Kuru (born 23 April 1982 in Rotenburg an der Wümme, Germany) is a Turkish footballer.	Ahmet Kuru	Germany
country of citizenship	Kazuya Fukuura (福浦 和也, born December 14, 1975 in Narashino, Chiba) is a Japanese professional baseball first baseman for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Kazuya Fukuura	Japan
country of citizenship	Jura Margulis is a third generation pianist and pedagogue; born in Russia, raised in Germany, American by choice, European at heart.	Jura Margulis	Russia
country of citizenship	Vinita Vasu is a self-taught woman artist in Delhi, India.	Vinita Vasu	India
country of citizenship	Born on the Ribbingsberg manor in Västergötland in west Sweden, Leonard Gyllenhaal was son of an army officer and belonged to a family of the lower nobility.	Leonard Gyllenhaal	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jeffrey Mathebula (born 22 June 1979 in Malamulele, South Africa) is a professional boxer was IBF junior featherweight champion and is ranked as the sixth best super bantamweight in the world by The Ring.	Jeffrey Mathebula	South Africa
country of citizenship	Germán Carrera Damas (Cumaná, Sucre, 28 May 1930), is a Venezuelan historian, professor and retired ambassador, author of important works of Venezuela's historiography such as El Culto a Bolívar (1969) and Una nación llamada Venezuela (1980), among other works and essays.	Germán Carrera Damas	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Edwin Blake (1830 -- 18 March 1914) was a 19th-century Liberal Party Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Edwin Blake	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dhafer Youssef (Arabic: ظافر يوسف‎; born 19 November 1967 in Teboulba, Tunisia) is a composer, singer and oud player.	Dhafer Youssef	Tunisia
country of citizenship	R. A. Mehta (born 1936, at Maliya, Gujarat) is a retired justice of the Gujarat High Court who is currently the Lokayukta or ombudsman for the state of Gujarat, India.	R. A. Mehta	India
country of citizenship	Svetozar Sasa Kovacevic (Serbian Cyrillic: Светозар Саша Ковачевић; b. 3 January 1950, Zabalj, Serbia) is Serbian composer, music pedagogue and church organist.	Svetozar Sasa Kovacevic	Serbia
country of citizenship	Gilead Sher (Hebrew: גלעד שר‎; born in 1953) is an Israeli attorney who served as Chief of Staff and Policy Coordinator to Israel's former Prime Minister and Minister of Defense, Ehud Barak.	Gilead Sher	Israel
country of citizenship	Hijo de Máscara Año 2000 (born 1986 in Lagos de Moreno, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) portraying a rudo (``Bad guy'') wrestling character.	Hijo de Máscara Año 2000	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kirsten Sødal (born Knudsen) was born in the coastal town Kristiansand in Norway.	Kirsten Sødal	Norway
country of citizenship	Tomasz Chrzanowski (born February 4, 1980 in Lulkowo, Toruń County, Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider and has represented the Polish national team.	Tomasz Chrzanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Béla Kohn, later known as Béla Kun, was born on 20 February 1886 in the village of Lele, located near Szilágycseh, Transylvania, Austria-Hungary (today Lelei, Romania).	Béla Kun	Hungary
country of citizenship	Marilies Flemming (b. 16 December 1933 in Wiener Neustadt, Austria) was an Austrian Member of the European Parliament.	Marilies Flemming	Austria
country of citizenship	Libby Hart (born 1971 in Melbourne) is a poet from Victoria, Australia.	Libby Hart	Australia
country of citizenship	His given name is Kiyoyuki Okuyama (奥山 清行 Okuyama Kiyoyuki) but goes by Ken Okuyama (ケン・オクヤマ) outside Japan.	Ken Okuyama	Japan
country of citizenship	Fernando Ferrari-Pérez (1857--1933) was appointed head of the Mexican Geographical and Exploring Commission in the early 1880s, with a commission to catalogue the native mammals, birds, reptiles, fishes, and plants of Mexico.	Fernando Ferrari-Pérez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ruawahine Irihapeti Faulkner (? -- 24 September 1855) was a New Zealand tribal leader and landowner.	Ruawahine Irihapeti Faulkner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Piotr Gamrat of Sulima arms (1487 -- 27 August 1545) was Archbishop of Gniezno and Primate of Poland.	Piotr Gamrat	Poland
country of citizenship	Ian Gardner, nicknamed The Cobra because of his slithering movements on the boxing ring, is a junior-middleweight boxer who was born and raised in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, but now resides in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Ian Gardner	Canada
country of citizenship	Fredrik Gabriel Hedberg (15 July 1811 in Saloinen, now a part of Raahe - 19 August 1893 Kimito) was Finnish Lutheran priest, Neo-Lutheran writer and father of confessional Lutheranism in Finland.	Fredrik Gabriel Hedberg	Finland
country of citizenship	Georg Sverdrup was born in the fishing village of Laugen in Nærøy, Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.	Georg Sverdrup	Norway
country of citizenship	Amalia Aguilar (Matanzas, Cuba July 3, 1924) is a Cuban born Mexican film actress and dancer of the Golden age of Mexican cinema in the 1940s and 1950s.	Amalia Aguilar	Cuba
country of citizenship	Wendy Jans (born 14 June 1983 in Bree, Belgium) is a Belgian amateur snooker and pool player.	Wendy Jans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Upen Patel is a model and film actor in India.	Upen Patel	India
country of citizenship	Néstor Isasi (born 9 April 1970 in Encarnación, Paraguay) is a former Paraguayan footballer who played in clubs of Paraguay, Brazil, Chile and Peru.	Néstor Isasi	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Greta Gertler is a pianist, singer, and songwriter originally from Sydney, Australia, and got her start there as a songwriter, penning hits for other artists.	Greta Gertler	Australia
country of citizenship	Michael Borgqvist (born 17 December 1967 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish football manager and former football player.	Michael Borgqvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Lola Flores, a native of Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz (Andalucía, Spain) was an icon of traditional Andalusian folklore, recognized throughout Spain as well as internationally.	Lola Flores	Spain
country of citizenship	Leo Zogmayer (born 1949, Krems an der Donau, Lower Austria) is an Austrian artist, living and working in Vienna and Krems.	Leo Zogmayer	Austria
country of citizenship	Gustavo De Luca (born February 13, 1962 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for various clubs in Argentina, Chile, Peru and Switzerland.	Gustavo De Luca	Argentina
country of citizenship	Waldemar Ksienzyk (born 10 November 1963 in Zabrze, Silesia, Poland) is a German former footballer.	Waldemar Ksienzyk	Poland
country of citizenship	Inge Druckrey (born 1940, Germany) is a designer and educator, one of the first people who in the 1960-s and 1970-s brought Swiss school of design to the United States.	Inge Druckrey	Germany
country of citizenship	Osman Baydemir (born 1971 in Diyarbakır) is a Kurdish politician, lawyer and human rights activist in Turkey.	Osman Baydemir	Turkey
country of citizenship	Alphonse Barancira is a former minister for Human Rights, Constitutional Reform and Relations with the National Assembly of Burundi.	Alphonse Barancira	Burundi
country of citizenship	Vaida Žūsinaitė (born 13 January 1988) is a long-distance runner who competes internationally for Lithuania.	Vaida Žūsinaitė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Robin Frijns (born 7 August 1991 in Maastricht, Netherlands) is a Dutch auto racing driver, but lives in Belgium.	Robin Frijns	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sister Christine was born as Christina Greenstidel on 17 August 1866, in Nuremberg, Germany.	Sister Christine	Germany
country of citizenship	María Villalón (born 1 April 1989 in Ronda, Málaga, Spain), is a Spanish singer and most notably the winner of the first series of Spanish version of The X Factor in 2007.	María Villalón	Spain
country of citizenship	Nichlas Vilsmark was born in Fyn, Denmark, a descendant of Viggo and Jonna Vilsmark.	Nichlas Vilsmark	Denmark
country of citizenship	Minna Canth is the first woman to receive her own flag day in Finland, starting on 19 March 2007.	Minna Canth	Finland
country of citizenship	Matthias Brenner was born in Meiningen, Thuringia, South Germany, the son of actor Carl Rüdiger Brenner (1924--1984).	Matthias Brenner	Germany
country of citizenship	Emma Brignell Ostler (née Roberts, c.1848 -- 14 April 1922) was a New Zealand teacher, prohibitionist, landowner and businesswoman.	Emma Brignell Ostler	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Matthew Dyktynski is an Australian actor and comedian, graduating from Australia's National Institute of Dramatic Art in 1992.	Matthew Dyktynski	Australia
country of citizenship	Julieta Lanteri (March 22, 1873 -- February 25, 1932) was an Italian Argentine physician, leading freethinker, and activist for women's rights in Argentina as well as for social reform generally.	Julieta Lanteri	Argentina
country of citizenship	Luangpho Ajahn Tala Uttama ( Thai: หลวงพ่ออุตตมะ, Burmese: ဦးဥတ္တမ (ú oʊʔtəma̰); alternatively spelt Luongphaw Ajar Tala Uttama, 1910 in Mawkanin, Myanmar -- 18 October 2006 in Bangkok, Thailand), was a Mon Buddhist monk.	Luangpho Ajahn Tala Uttama	Thailand
country of citizenship	In 1517, King Manuel I of Portugal handed Lopo Homem a charter entitling him the privilege of certifying and amending all compass needles in vessels.	Lopo Homem	Portugal
country of citizenship	Jajang Mulyana (born 23 October 1988 in Jatinangor) is an Indonesia football player.	Jajang Mulyana	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Albert de Gondi (4 November 1522, Florence -- 1602) seigneur du Perron, comte, then marquis de Belle-Isle (1573), duc de Retz (from 1581), was a marshal of France and a member of the Gondi family.	Albert de Gondi	France
country of citizenship	Seamus Tansey, also spelled Séamus Tansey, is an Irish flute player born in Sligo, Ireland in 1943.	Seamus Tansey	Ireland
country of citizenship	Sarah Major (born August 22, 1988) is a voice and television actress from New Zealand who is best known for her role as Patsy in the Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment Group series The Tribe.	Sarah Major	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Živko Budimir (Croatian pronunciation: (ʒîːʋko bûdimiːr); 20 November 1962) is a Bosnian politician serving as President of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of the two autonomous entities that compose Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Živko Budimir	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Francesco Postiglione (born 29 April 1972 in Naples) is a former swimmer and water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at four Summer Olympics: 1992, 1996, 2000 and 2004.	Francesco Postiglione	Italy
country of citizenship	Brett Studman (born 19 April 1985 in Kempsey, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian footballer who plays for Penang FA in the Malaysia Super League.	Brett Studman	Australia
country of citizenship	Naceur Ktari (born 1943) is a filmmaker from Tunisia.	Naceur Ktari	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Born in Brasília, Brazilian Federal District, Alípio left Brazil at the age of 14.	Alípio	Brazil
country of citizenship	Rajiv Rai (born 1955 in Mumbai, India) is an Indian film writer, editor and director.	Rajiv Rai	India
country of citizenship	Aleksandar Maksimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Максимовић, born February 26, 1988 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian sport wrestler.	Aleksandar Maksimović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Peter Fahrenholtz (born Hamburg, Germany) is a German diplomat, posted since September 2012 as the German ambassador in Rwanda.	Peter Fahrenholtz	Germany
country of citizenship	Els Vanheusden graduated as a Medical Doctor at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven, Belgium) and in addition obtained 2 Master Degrees in Hospital Management and Aeronautical and Space Medicine.	Els Vanheusden	Belgium
country of citizenship	William Henry Broome (30 September 1873--8 June 1943) was a New Zealand clothier and tailor.	William Henry Broome	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Costas Andreou (Greek: Κώστας Ανδρέου) is a musician from Athens, Greece.	Costas Andreou	Greece
country of citizenship	Marcelo Carracedo (born April 16, 1970 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played during his career in Argentina, Japan, Chile, Mexico, Spain, Germany and Austria.	Marcelo Carracedo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Orr Barouch (Hebrew: אור ברוך‎; born 29 November 1991 in Haifa, Israel) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Biel-Bienne.	Orr Barouch	Israel
country of citizenship	Víctor González Torres (born July 1, 1947 in Mexico City), is a Mexican businessman who ran as a write-in candidate in the 2006 Mexican presidential election.	Víctor González Torres	Mexico
country of citizenship	Yi Shu or Isabel Nee Yeh-su (born 1946) is a popular Hong Kong writer.	Yi Shu	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Inés Medina-Fernández (born February 8, 1974 in Madrid, Spain) is a pianist and composer of contemporary classical music.	Inés Medina-Fernández	Spain
country of citizenship	Konrad Gałka (born February 3, 1974 in Kraków) is a former butterfly swimmer from Poland, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1992.	Konrad Gałka	Poland
country of citizenship	William Barak (or Beruk) (c. 1824 -- 15 August 1903), was the last traditional ngurungaeta (elder) of the Wurundjeri-willam clan, first inhabitants of present-day Melbourne, Australia.	William Barak	Australia
country of citizenship	Peggy Waleska (born 1980 in Pirna, Saxony) of Germany is a world champion rower who won a Gold medal in the Women's Quadruple Sculls in Lucerne, Switzerland, in 2001 and successfully defended the title in Seville, Spain, in 2002.	Peggy Waleska	Germany
country of citizenship	Peter Moko was a New Zealand rugby league player who played for New Zealand Māori and Glebe.	Peter Moko	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dilip Ray (b. 9 January 1954 Rourkela) is an Ex- Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Dilip Ray	India
country of citizenship	Ernst Hinterseer (born 27 February 1932 in Kitzbühel) is a former alpine skier from Austria.	Ernst Hinterseer	Austria
country of citizenship	Rick Bryant (born 1948 as Donald Richard Bryant) is a New Zealand blues and rock singer/songwriter.	Rick Bryant	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hendrik van Limborch (9 March 1681 -- 3 February 1759) was a painter and engraver from the Northern Netherlands.	Hendrik van Limborch	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Riccardo Beretta is an Italian artist born in 1982 in Mariano Comense, Como, Italy.	Riccardo Beretta	Italy
country of citizenship	Iain Roberts (born 16 May 1979 in Lichfield) is a British-born, New Zealand skeleton racer, who has competed since 2004.	Iain Roberts	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luis Alberto Solari (n. Fray Bentos, on October 17, 1918 - October 13, 1993) was a painter and engraver from Uruguay.	Luis Alberto Solari	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Alain Lanty (born 28 November 1961 in Auray, France) is a French singer, composer and pianist.	Alain Lanty	France
country of citizenship	Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu grew up with his sister, Agnes Donnadieu, a Chicago photographer, in Canada after their parents divorced while living in France.	Bernard-Pierre Donnadieu	France
country of citizenship	David Limond Murdoch (2 November 1825 -- 5 June 1911) was a notable New Zealand banker and company director.	David Limond Murdoch	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Evangelos Kofos (Greek: Ευάγγελος Κωφός), was born in Edessa, Macedonia, Greece in 1934 and graduated from Anatolia College of Thessaloniki in 1952.	Evangelos Kofos	Greece
country of citizenship	Chandrakirti (IAST: Candrakīrti; traditional Chinese: 月称; pinyin: Yuèchēng; Japanese: Gesshō; Tibetan: ཟླ་བ་གྲགས་པ་, Wylie: zla ba grags pa; c. 600 -- c. 650) was a Buddhist scholar at Nalanda Mahavihara in Northern India.	Chandrakirti	India
country of citizenship	Sacha McNeil is a New Zealand journalist and news presenter, She presented TV3 program Nightline from 2011 to 2013.	Sacha McNeil	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Antoinette de Maignelais (1434--1474) was the chief mistress of Charles VII of France from 1450 until his death.	Antoinette de Maignelais	France
country of citizenship	George Wallace Bollinger (10 April 1890--8 June 1917) was a New Zealand soldier and diarist.	George Wallace Bollinger	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bekhan Tungaev (Chechen: Бекхан Тунгаев) is a Chechen wrestler who was born in Kazakhstan.	Bekhan Tungaev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Aureliano Bolognesi (born 15 November 1930 in Sestri Ponente, Italy) was a famous Italian boxer.	Aureliano Bolognesi	Italy
country of citizenship	TY Bello emerged onto Nigeria's musical landscape as a member of the defunct group Kush, an acronym for Kinetically Ushering Salvation into Hearts and Homes.	TY Bello	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mehmet Akif Pasha (1822 -- 1893), also known as Arnavut Mehmet Akif Pasha and Kalkandereli Mehmed Akif Pasha, was an Albanian statesman and governor of the Ottoman Empire.	Mehmet Akif Pasha	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Jorge Sánchez García (born April 8, 1953) is a Mexican syndical leader Luz y Fuerza del Centro and politician from Mexico City.	Jorge Sánchez García	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lene Marlin (born Lene Marlin Pedersen, 17 August 1980, Tromsø, Norway) is a Norwegian singer and musician.	Lene Marlin	Norway
country of citizenship	Giray Bulak, born on March 9, 1958 in Trabzon, Turkey, is a Turkish football coach.	Giray Bulak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Tolu Olumide (also known as TolumiDE) born on February 3, in Toronto, Canada, is a Nigerian R&B, Soul, Afro-Pop Singer and music recording artist.	TolumiDE	Canada
country of citizenship	Manohara Odelia Pinot (born Manohara Odelia Manz in Jakarta, Indonesia on 28 February 1992) is an Indonesian model.	Manohara Odelia Pinot	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Andrew Stehlin is a New Zealand actor and stuntman.	Andrew Stehlin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Simion Ghimpu (May 24, 1939, Coloniţa - July 27, 2010) was a writer from Moldova.	Simion Ghimpu	Moldova
country of citizenship	Pritish Nandy was born in Bhagalpur in the state of Bihar in eastern India to a Bengali Christian family.	Pritish Nandy	India
country of citizenship	Eija-Liisa Ahtila (born 1959 in Hämeenlinna, Finland) is a video artist and photographer.	Eija-Liisa Ahtila	Finland
country of citizenship	Aloysius Orjinta is a Nigerian Roman Catholic priest and senior lecturer in the University of Nigeria, Nsukka.	Aloysius Orjinta	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Peter Cozens was the Director of the Centre for Strategic Studies New Zealand from 2002 until 2009 when he retired.	Peter Cozens	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Benjamín Muñoz Gamero (Mendoza, Argentina, March 31, 1817 -- Punta Arenas, Chile, December 3, 1851) was a Chilean naval officer, senator and governor of Punta Arenas in the Straits of Magellan.	Benjamín Muñoz Gamero	Chile
country of citizenship	Abdul Halim Khan is a politician, a Muslim cleric, and an ex MNA from Kohistan, Pakistan.	Abdul Halim Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Joseph Doucé (April 13, 1945 --c.July 1990) was born to a rural family in Sint-Truiden, Belgium.	Joseph Doucé	Belgium
country of citizenship	Neil Rautenbach (born 17 May 1991 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a South African-born rugby union player, currently playing with the Free State Cheetahs.	Neil Rautenbach	South Africa
country of citizenship	George Norman Hillmer (born 1942 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a leading Canadian historian and teacher and is among the leading scholars on Canada-US relations.	Norman Hillmer	Canada
country of citizenship	Ali Kordan (23 October 1958 -- 22 November 2009) was an Iranian conservative politician who served in the Revolutionary Guards, the judiciary and as deputy oil minister, before becoming interior minister of Iran in 2008 for just 90 days.	Ali Kordan	Iran
country of citizenship	Michel Roche (8 September 1939 -- 11 June 2004) was an equestrian from France and Olympic champion.	Michel Roche	France
country of citizenship	Hasan Erbey (born 21 September 1991, in İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer.	Hasan Erbey	Turkey
country of citizenship	Georgios Pitharoulis (* 4 June 1990 in Levanger, Norway) is a Greek footballer.	Georgios Pitharoulis	Norway
country of citizenship	Ingeborg Tryggvasdotter was the daughter of Tryggve Olafsson (died 963), the granddaughter of Harald Fairhair, and the sister of Olaf I of Norway.	Ingeborg Tryggvasdotter	Norway
country of citizenship	Ole Wøhlers Olsen (born 1942) is Denmark's ambassador to Algeria.	Ole Wøhlers Olsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Kaare Sundby (1 January 1905 -- 9 February 1945) was a Norwegian engineer who was executed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.	Kaare Sundby	Norway
country of citizenship	Prasutagus was king of a British Celtic tribe called the Iceni, who inhabited roughly what is now Norfolk, in the 1st century AD.	Prasutagus	Iceni
country of citizenship	Gaston Kaboré (born 1951) is a Burkinabé film director and an important figure in Burkina Faso's film industry.	Gaston Kaboré	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	At the age of sixteen, Alexander Gerschenkron and his father fled Russia during the Bolshevik Revolution, and all he brought with him were two books: poetry by Alfred de Musset and a political history of 19th-century Europe.	Alexander Gerschenkron	Russia
country of citizenship	Accamma Cherian was a freedom fighter from the erstwhile Travancore (Kerala), India.	Accamma Cherian	India
country of citizenship	Manuel Andrada was born in 1890 on an estancia in Curumalal near Coronel Suárez, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Manuel Andrada	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ana Colchero Argones (born 9 February 1968 in Veracruz. Mexico) is a Mexican actress and economist.	Ana Colchero	Mexico
country of citizenship	Samuel Street Wilmot (March 29, 1773 -- December 1856) was a surveyor, tanner, farmer and political figure in Upper Canada.	Samuel Street Wilmot	Canada
country of citizenship	Fatai Ayinla-Adekunle (born May 6, 1939 in Ibadan, Oyo) is a retired amateur boxer from Nigeria, who is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's heavyweight division (+ 81 kg) at the 1973 All-Africa Games in Lagos, Nigeria.	Fatai Ayinla	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Tanya Tagaq (born Tanya Tagaq Gillis and sometimes credited as Tagaq; born May 5, 1975) is a Canadian (Inuk) throat singer from Cambridge Bay (Iqaluktuutiaq), Nunavut, Canada, on the south coast of Victoria Island.	Tanya Tagaq	Canada
country of citizenship	Scott Lanaway is a music artist from Toronto, Canada.	Scott Lanaway	Canada
country of citizenship	Ekkehart Schlicht (born in 1945, Kiel, Germany) is a German economist.	Ekkehart Schlicht	Germany
country of citizenship	Karol Szajnocha was born as on 20 November 1818 in Komarno, son of Polonized Czech Vaclav Scheinoh Vtelenský of Austrian origin, who signed himself as Scheinoha Wtelensky in Poland and Maria Łozińska.	Karol Szajnocha	Poland
country of citizenship	Ernő Hetényi was the founder of the Buddhist society of Hungary in 1951.	Ernő Hetényi	Hungary
country of citizenship	In 1989 Kiev Connolly and The Missing Passengers represented Ireland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Lausanne, Switzerland with Kiev's song The Real Me.	Kiev Connolly	Ireland
country of citizenship	Noé Jitrik was born in Argentina in 1928 and is one of Latin America's foremost literary critics.	Noé Jitrik	Argentina
country of citizenship	Donato Oliverio (Cosenza, 5 March 1956) is the Bishop of the Eparchy of Lungro, a diocese of the Italo-Albanian Catholic Church in Calabria, Italy.	Donato Oliverio	Italy
country of citizenship	Count Victor Voss was born on the family estate at Schorssow in today Northeastern Germany to the Hungarian countess Elise Szapáry.	Victor Voss	Germany
country of citizenship	Emma Moynihan (born c.1985) is a New Zealand netball player, a member of the Southern Steel team in the ANZ Championship.	Emma Moynihan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	André Kudelski obtained a degree in physical engineering from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (Switzerland) in 1984.	André Kudelski	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Dan Hilton (born February 2, 1968) is a political strategist and former Executive Director of the Conservative Party of Canada.	Dan Hilton	Canada
country of citizenship	Maxime Carlot Korman (born 26 April 1941) is a ni-Vanuatu politician, formerly serving as Speaker of the Parliament and formerly as acting President.	Maxime Carlot Korman	Vanuatu
country of citizenship	David Utrilla is the 31st member of the Utah Corps of Consuls and Honorary Consul to Peru in Utah.	David Utrilla	Peru
country of citizenship	Since September 2011, Charles Dantzig writes the literary chronicle in the Magazine Littéraire, and is a producer on the cultural public radio France Culture, where he created ``Secret professionnel'', on the artistic creation.	Charles Dantzig	France
country of citizenship	Ali Saed Bin Ali El-Hoorie (Arabic: علي سعيد بن علي الحوري‎, born July 10-11, 1965 in El Dibabiya, Qatif, Saudi Arabia) is wanted by the United States government in connection with the June 25, 1996 attack on the Khobar Towers complex near Dhahran, Saudi Arabia.	Ali Saed Bin Ali El-Hoorie	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Hanns-Peter Boehm (Born 9 January 1928 in Paris) is a German chemist and professor emeritus at Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität in Munich, Germany.	Hanns-Peter Boehm	Germany
country of citizenship	Rolf Frick was born in Chemnitz in the southern part of what was then central Germany.	Rolf Frick	Germany
country of citizenship	Rémy Désilets is a Quebec, Canada politician.	Rémy Désilets	Canada
country of citizenship	Haswandi was a career judge in public courts under the Supreme Court of the Republic of Indonesia, where he decided and resolved criminal cases and civil cases.	Haswandi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Aldo Piga's work was mainly produced in the 1950s and 1960s in Italy.	Aldo Piga	Italy
country of citizenship	José Luis Calderón Cabrera (b. Mexico City, ? -- Mexico City, June 7, 2004) was a Mexican architect.	José Luis Calderón Cabrera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Edin Pehlić (born January 13, 1984 in Stolac, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian footballer, playing for Velež Mostar.	Edin Pehlić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Alhaji Ibrahim Saminu Turaki is a Nigerian politician and former governor of Jigawa State in Nigeria.	Ibrahim Saminu Turaki	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alice Davis was born in Dublin, Ireland, and was known professionally as Hope Temple.	Hope Temple	Ireland
country of citizenship	Fladimir da Cruz Freitas, better known as Lico (Chinese: 歷高; Jyutping: lik6 gou1, Lico; born January 20, 1974 in Brazil), is a retired Brazilian footballer who is now the Head coach for the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D club Cerâmica.	Lico	Brazil
country of citizenship	Rose Zwi (born 8 May 1928) is a Mexican-born South African-Australian writer best known for her work about the immigrants in South Africa.	Rose Zwi	South Africa
country of citizenship	Macit Özcan, (born 1954, Karataş, Adana Province, Turkey) is a Turkish politician of the Republican People's Party (CHP) and the former mayor of Mersin.	Macit Özcan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Kamaruzaman Mohamad (1961 -- April 28, 2014) was a Malaysian journalist and editor for Utusan Malaysia.	Kamaruzaman Mohamad	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Christine Brückner was born in Schmillinghausen near Arolsen in Hesse, Germany, the daughter of the pastor Carl Emde and his wife Clotilde.	Christine Brückner	Germany
country of citizenship	Kirsten Madsdatter (died 1613) was King Christian IV of Denmark's lover, and the mother of one of his three acknowledged, illegitimate sons, Christian Ulrik Gyldenløve.	Kirsten Madsdatter	Denmark
country of citizenship	Johann Paul Freiherr von Hocher (12 August 1616 Freiburg (then in Austria) - 28 February 1683 Vienna) was an Austrian jurist and Supreme Court Chancellor (Hofkanzler) to the Emperor Leopold I.	Johann Paul Freiherr von Hocher	Austria
country of citizenship	Olivier Dutheillet de Lamothe (born 10 November 1949) was a member of the Constitutional Council of France from 2001 to 2010.	Olivier Dutheillet de Lamothe	France
country of citizenship	Phellipe Haagensen (born 1984 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor best known for his role of Benny in the 2002 film, City of God (Cidade de Deus).	Phellipe Haagensen	Brazil
country of citizenship	Dimitar Andonovski (Macedonian: Димитар Андоновски, born September 6, 1985 in Bitola, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian singer.	Dimitar Andonovski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Peter Thomsen (Born 4 April 1961 in Flensburg, Germany) is a German eventing rider.	Peter Thomsen	Germany
country of citizenship	Lazzaro Vasari's best-known work is the fresco of Saint Vincent Ferrer in the Basilica of San Domenico in Arezzo, Italy.	Lazzaro Vasari	Italy
country of citizenship	Lidija Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Лидија Михајловић; born September 23, 1968 in Niš, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia), is a Serbian sport shooter.	Lidija Mihajlović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ron Korb is a Canadian flutist (flautist), composer, recording artist, producer and songwriter from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Ron Korb	Canada
country of citizenship	Yoya Martínez, real name Ofelia Martner Semblett (August 27, 1912 Santiago, Chile - February 1, 2009) was a Chilean actress.	Yoya Martínez	Chile
country of citizenship	Emile Capgras died in Fort-de-France during the night of August 13th and August 14, 2014, at the age of 88.	Emile Capgras	France
country of citizenship	Markus Egger (born February 24, 1975 in Zug) is a retired professional beach volleyball player from Switzerland.	Markus Egger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Muhammad Mohar Ali (Arabic: محمد مهر علي‎) (1932--2007) was a scholar of Islam and history of Muslims in Bengal and India.	Muhammad Mohar Ali	India
country of citizenship	Sir Charles Montgomery Rivaz, KCSI (1845- 7 October 1926) was a colonial administrator in British India, and Lieutenant-Governor of the Punjab 1902-1907.	Charles Montgomery Rivaz	India
country of citizenship	An 1855 emigrant to Montreal, Canada from his birthplace in Caithness, Scotland, Robert Mackay got his start working at the Henry Morgan & Company department store.	Robert Mackay	Canada
country of citizenship	Kote Tsintsadze (Georgian: კოტე ცინცაძე, Russian: Котэ Цинцадзе) (1887--1930) was a Georgian Bolshevik involved in the Russian revolutions and the Sovietization of Georgia.	Kote Tsintsadze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Denyss McKnight was born in Vancouver, Canada in January 1982 and spent much of his early years being classically trained on piano and music theory.	Denyss McKnight	Canada
country of citizenship	Qian Xiuling (1912--2008), or Siou-Ling Tsien de Perlinghi, was a Chinese-Belgian scientist who won a medal for saving nearly 100 lives during World War II in Belgium.	Qian Xiuling	Belgium
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Vermiglio (c.1585 -- c.1635) was a Caravaggist painter from Northern Italy, active also in Rome.	Giuseppe Vermiglio	Italy
country of citizenship	Prof. Yousaf Saleem Chishtiپروفیسر یوسف سلیّم چشتی (or Yusuf Salim Chishti) (1895--1984) was an eminent scholar and writer from Pakistan.	Yousaf Saleem Chishti	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Milomir Marić (born 1956 in the Grabovica village near Gornji Milanovac, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian journalist, writer, and television presenter.	Milomir Marić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Tapas Mandal (born 3 January 1972) is a member of the All India Trinamool Congress and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Ranaghat (Lok Sabha constituency).	Tapas Mandal	India
country of citizenship	Robert Williamson Steele (January 14, 1820 -- February 7th, 1901) was governor of the extralegal Territory of Jefferson, which existed in the western United States of America from 1859 to 1861, when it was replaced by the Territory of Colorado.	Robert Williamson Steele	United States of America
country of citizenship	Bernard Thériault (born November 12, 1955) is a political figure in the province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Bernard Thériault	Canada
country of citizenship	Matthew Charles Meere (6 December 1890 -- 17 October 1961), generally known as Charles Meere, was a London-born artist who studied art in England and France, served in the First World War, and eventually settled in Australia in 1932/33.	Charles Meere	Australia
country of citizenship	Sol Kjøk was born in Norway, where she grew up partly in Lillehammer, partly in Valdres.	Sol Kjøk	Norway
country of citizenship	Fernando Botero Angulo (born 19 April 1932) is a figurative artist and sculptor from Medellín, Colombia.	Fernando Botero	Colombia
country of citizenship	Denis Dangue Réwaka is a Gabonese diplomat who was the Permanent Representative of Gabon to the United Nations from 1988 to 2008.	Denis Dangue Réwaka	Gabon
country of citizenship	Mike Watterson (born 26 August 1942 in Chesterfield, England) is an English former professional snooker player, businessman, entrepreneur and television commentator.	Mike Watterson	England
country of citizenship	Emīlija Sonka (born 4 November 1939 in Kuldīga, Latvia) is a former track and road cyclist from Latvia.	Emīlija Sonka	Latvia
country of citizenship	Jordan Rodrigues (born July 20, 1992 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian singer, dancer and actor best known for playing Jai Fernandez in Home and Away and Christian Reed in Dance Academy.	Jordan Rodrigues	Australia
country of citizenship	Monique Martin, alias Gabrielle Vincent, was a writer and illustrator of children's books from Belgium.	Gabrielle Vincent	Belgium
country of citizenship	Christophe Soglo (28 June 1909 -- 7 October 1983) was a Beninese military officer and political leader and one of the most important figures in Benin's period of political instability and frequent, though usually bloodless, coups during the 1960s.	Christophe Soglo	Benin
country of citizenship	Khaldoun Ibrahim Mohammed Albu-Mohammed (Arabic: خلدون إبراهيم محمد البو محمد‎, born June 16, 1987 in Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer.	Khaldoun Ibrahim	Iraq
country of citizenship	Shray Rai Tiwari (born 26 November 1989) is an Indian Actor/model, originally from state of Rajasthan currently living in Mumbai, India.	Shray Rai Tiwari	India
country of citizenship	In September 2014, Yann Marti was called as fifth player and sparring partner for the Davis Cup semifinal Switzerland-Italy in Geneva together with Roger Federer, Stan Wawrinka, Marco Chiudinelli, and Michael Lammer.	Yann Marti	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Brigadier Sir Frank Medlicott CBE (10 November 1903 -- 9 January 1972) was a National Liberal Party and later Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Frank Medlicott	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	István Küzmics (also known in Slovene as Štefan or Števan Küzmič, c.1723 -- December 22, 1779) was the most important Lutheran writer of the Slovenes in Hungary.	István Küzmics	Hungary
country of citizenship	Pavel Pimienta Allen (born August 3, 1976) is a retired volleyball player from Cuba.	Pavel Pimienta	Cuba
country of citizenship	Frederick Tuckett (1807--1876) was a New Zealand surveyor, explorer and New Zealand Company agent.	Frederick Tuckett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sureshbabu Mane (1902-- 15 February 1953) was a prominent Hindustani classical music singer of Kirānā Gharānā in India.	Sureshbabu Mane	India
country of citizenship	Balogun Yakub Abiodun (born May 5, 1951) is a Nigerian economist, public administrator, legislator in the House of Representatives of Nigeria, representing Lagos Island Federal Constituency II, Lagos State, South-West Nigeria and former Lagos State Head of Service.	Balogun Yakub Abiodun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Albertus Willem Sijthoff (June 30, 1829 -- July 29, 1913) was a prominent Dutch publisher from Leiden, Netherlands.	Albertus Willem Sijthoff	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nicholas Kemmer, FRS (7 December 1911 -- 21 October 1998), was a Russian-born British nuclear physicist who played an integral and leading edge role in United Kingdom's nuclear programme, and was known as a mentor of Abdus Salam -- a Nobel laureate in physics.	Nicholas Kemmer	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Lev David, (born 8 August 1980, Durban, South Africa) is a writer, radio producer and radio presenter, and media consultant.	Lev David	South Africa
country of citizenship	Sergey Zaikov (Russian:Сергей Зайков, born 23 September 1987 in Pavlodar, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakhstani runner.	Sergey Zaikov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Dato' Sri Liow Tiong Lai (simplified Chinese: 廖中莱; traditional Chinese: 廖中萊; pinyin: Liào Zhōng Lái; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Liāu Tiong-lâi; born 13 October 1961) is a Malaysian politician who has served in the Cabinet of Malaysia as Minister of Transport since 2014.	Liow Tiong Lai	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ragnhild Hemsing (born 15 February 1988 in Valdres, Norway) is a Norwegian classical violinist and older sister of the classical violinist Eldbjørg Hemsing.	Ragnhild Hemsing	Norway
country of citizenship	Marc Van Ranst (20 June 1965) is a Belgian virologist and epidemiologist at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven, Belgium) and the Rega Institute for Medical Research.	Marc Van Ranst	Belgium
country of citizenship	Kamran Tajali (Persian: کامران تجلی‎), is an Iranian Defender who currently plays for Persepolis in the Iran Pro League.	Kamran Tajali	Iran
country of citizenship	George Witters (1876--1934) was a notable New Zealand farmer, horticulturist and conservationist.	George Witters	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hamid Beik Frangieh (6 August 1907 -- 5 September 1981) was a Lebanese member of the Parliament of Lebanon and held numerous ministerial positions in the Lebanese government.	Hamid Beik Frangieh	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Germán Durán (born August 3, 1984 in Zacatecas, Mexico) is a Mexican professional baseball infielder.	Germán Durán	Mexico
country of citizenship	Victor de Pol (1865 - 1925) was a sculptor most active in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Victor de Pol	Argentina
country of citizenship	Based on an online poll conducted by The Times of India, Ramya won the Best Actor Female award for Sanju Weds Geetha.	Ramya	India
country of citizenship	Mehdi Karbalaei (Persian: مهدی کربلایی‎‎, born 8 March 1993 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian football Defender, who currently plays for Gostaresh Foolad in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Mehdi Karbalaei	Iran
country of citizenship	Pandita Brahmacharini Chandabai (1880--1977) was a Jain scholar and a pioneer of women's education in India.	Chandabai	India
country of citizenship	Heinz Fiedler was a Major general in East Germany's Ministry for State Security (Stasi).	Heinz Fiedler	East Germany
country of citizenship	Mike Redman (1978) is a musician, record producer, film maker, label owner and multidisciplinary artist from the Netherlands.	Mike Redman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Farhad Sadeghi Amini (فرهاد صادقی امینی in Persian), born in Isfahan, Iran, 1963 is an Iranian painter.	Farhad Sadeghi Amini	Iran
country of citizenship	Diederik Korteweg's father was a judge in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands.	Diederik Korteweg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	From 1985 Angelo Froglia produced a great number of paintings and organised exhibitions in Italy and abroad, although his health was undermined by drugs.	Angelo Froglia	Italy
country of citizenship	Born in Montpellier, in southern France, Jeanne Demessieux was the second child of Marie-Madeleine Demessieux (née Mézy) and Étienne Demessieux.	Jeanne Demessieux	France
country of citizenship	Jonas Buud born 28 March 1974, is a Swedish ultra-distance runner who lives in Mora, central Sweden.	Jonas Buud	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mojca Kleva (born March 30, 1976) is a Slovene political scientist and politician born in Koper (Slovenia).	Mojca Kleva	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Alfred Albert Thomas William Adams (24 June 1842 -- 1 June 1919), known as Thomas William Adams, was a New Zealand farmer, forester, churchman and educationalist.	Thomas William Adams	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Raquel Garza (born on April 24, 1967, Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico), is a Mexican actress	Raquel Garza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anjan Chattopadhyay, the sitar player, born in a Bengali aristocratic family in Calcutta, India, was initiated to the art of sitar playing by his elder brother, a veteran Surbahar player, Pandit Gourisankar Chattopadhyay, a disciple of Pandit Birendra Kishore Roy Chowdhury.	Anjan Chattopadhyay	India
country of citizenship	Grace Hirst (9 August 1805 -- 8 September 1901) was a New Zealand businesswoman, farmer, nurse and midwife.	Grace Hirst	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tabby Callaghan (born Trevor John O'Callaghan; 22 April 1981, County Sligo, Ireland) is an Irish musician.	Tabby Callaghan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Periander (/ˌpɛriˈændər/; Greek: Περίανδρος; died c. 587 BC), was the Second Tyrant of the Cypselid dynasty that ruled over Corinth.	Periander	Corinth
country of citizenship	Torben Oxe served as a liege man of King Christian II of Denmark, under whom from 1514, he was governor of Copenhagen Castle.	Torben Oxe	Denmark
country of citizenship	Sunil Babu Pant (Nepali: सुनीलबाबु पन्त) (born 1972) is the first openly gay politician in Nepal.	Sunil Babu Pant	Nepal
country of citizenship	Braulio Rubén Tupaj Amaru Grajeda Fuentes (Lima, Peru, 1970) is a peruvian writer also known as Leo Zelada .	Leo Zelada	Peru
country of citizenship	Manuel Centeno was born in Porto, Portugal, he started practicing bodyboarding at the age of 14, and at the age of 16 he had already won some local trophies.	Manuel Centeno	Portugal
country of citizenship	Athelstan Rendall (16 November 1871 -- 12 July 1948) was a Liberal Party, later Labour politician in the United Kingdom.	Athelstan Rendall	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Alexander McMinn (28 August 1842--21 October 1919) was a New Zealand teacher, journalist and newspaper proprietor.	Alexander McMinn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ivo Lukačovič (born February 7, 1974 in Prague) is a Czech entrepreneur, founder and chairman of Seznam.cz, an Internet portal in the Czech Republic.	Ivo Lukačovič	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Sarathi Baba or Srimad Sarathi Dev (born Santosh Raul) is a self-proclaimed godman from Odisha, India, currently under investigation for fraud.	Sarathi Baba	India
country of citizenship	Emperor Go-Saga (後嵯峨天皇 Go-Saga-tennō) (April 1, 1220 -- March 17, 1272) was the 88th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Go-Saga	Japan
country of citizenship	Major General Nathan Mugisha is a military officer in Uganda People's Defence Force (UPDF).	Nathan Mugisha	Uganda
country of citizenship	Carlos Capriles Ayala (16 March 1923 -- 10 February 2014) is a Venezuelan journalist and historian, and a former Ambassador of Venezuela in Spain during Rafael Caldera's presidency tenure.	Carlos Capriles Ayala	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ulhas Kashalkar initially worked as a programme executive at the Mumbai station of All India Radio.	Ulhas Kashalkar	India
country of citizenship	Cédric Marszewski, also known as Pilooski, is a French DJ. After touring numerous places (mainly France & Europe) and producing in diverse styles of music ranging from D'N'B (Vendome.rec) to the Hip & the Hop (Groove vibration) Pilooski has recorded as both an independent artist and with several Record Labels.	Cédric Marszewski	France
country of citizenship	Adi Roche (born 1955, Clonmel, County Tipperary, Ireland) is a campaigner for peace, humanitarian aid and education.	Adi Roche	Ireland
country of citizenship	Hervé Bochud (born 15 November 1980 in Chambéry, France) is a football coach who currently coaches FC Vevey Sports 1899, in Switzerland.	Hervé Bochud	Switzerland
country of citizenship	José Antonio Serrano Argüelles (May 17, 1955, Mexico City) is a Mexican film director, actor, playwright and screenwriter.	Antonio Serrano	Mexico
country of citizenship	Manuel Ignacio de Vivanco Iturralde (June 15, 1806 -- September 16, 1873) was a Peruvian politician and military leader who held the presidency of Peru from 1843 to 1844.	Manuel Ignacio de Vivanco	Peru
country of citizenship	Peter Schäfer (born 29 June 1943 Mülheim an der Ruhr, Germany) is a prolific scholar of ancient religious studies, who has made contributions to the field of ancient Judaism and Christianity through monographs, co-edited volumes, numerous articles, and his trademark synoptic editions.	Peter Schäfer	Germany
country of citizenship	Carl Bertil Agnestig, originally Andersson, born 7 March 1924 in Järvsö Parish, Sweden, is a Swedish music teacher and composer.	Carl Bertil Agnestig	Sweden
country of citizenship	Cristóvão de Morais was a 16th-century Portuguese court painter for the kings John III of Portugal and Sebastian I of Portugal.	Cristóvão de Morais	Portugal
country of citizenship	Hiromichi Ishige (石毛 宏典, born September 22, 1956 in Asahi, Chiba) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player and manager in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Hiromichi Ishige	Japan
country of citizenship	The Academia Carrara (Bérgamo, Italy), the Cleveland Museum of Art, the Hermitage Museum, the Honolulu Museum of Art, Kunsthistorisches Museum (Vienna) and Musée des Beaux-Arts at Caen are among the public collections holding works by Benedetto Caliari.	Benedetto Caliari	Italy
country of citizenship	Born in Mexico City and raised in Cuernavaca, Morelos from the age of five, Lorenza Bernot competed against thirty-three other contestants for the national beauty title of Mexico, Nuestra Belleza Mexico, held in Manzanillo, Colima on October 5, 2007.	Lorenza Bernot	Mexico
country of citizenship	Samia Yusuf Omar or Samiyo Omar (Somali: Saamiya Yuusuf Cumar, Arabic: سامية يوسف عمر‎‎) (March 25, 1991 -- April 2012) was a sprinter from Somalia.	Samia Yusuf Omar	Somalia
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Shudzandin (born 27 August 1950) is a former Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the light-heavyweight event.	Ibrahim Shudzandin	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Ira Eugene Argue (1865 in Victoria County, Canada West -- August 5, 1927) was a Canadian politician, businessman and farmer.	Ira Eugene Argue	Canada
country of citizenship	Cheviot Wellington Rangi Dillon Bell (18 August 1892 -- 26 September 1960) of the Wairarapa was appointed a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council in 1950 as part of National's suicide squad.	Cheviot Wellington Rangi Dillon Bell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Father Roderick Vonhögen (born 5 April 1968 in Leidschendam) is a Roman Catholic priest from Amersfoort, Utrecht in the Netherlands who works as a new media broadcaster and television presenter of programming related to Catholicism and pop culture.	Roderick Vonhögen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	A purchase by the French State for the National Collection in 1980 places Gabrielle Bellocq amongst France's greatest artists of the 20th century.	Gabrielle Bellocq	France
country of citizenship	Alireza Samimi (Persian: علیرضا صمیمی‎‎, born 29 June 1987 in, Bushehr, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Alireza Samimi	Iran
country of citizenship	Soimah Pancawati (born September 29, 1980) is an Indonesian comedian, singer, pesindhèn, and presenter from Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Soimah Pancawati	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Braulio Orue-Vivanco (March 6, 1843 in Havana, Cuba - October 21, 1904 in Pinar del Río, Cuba) was the first Bishop of the Diocese of Pinar del Río.	Braulio Orue-Vivanco	Cuba
country of citizenship	Marcela Said obtained a degree in aesthetics from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.	Marcela Said	Chile
country of citizenship	He was born in Benraw, County Down, the son of Joseph Edgar and May McCracken, and came to Canada in 1872.	Joseph Edgar	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in 1936 in Chișinău, Romania, Emil Simon began studying the piano at the early age of 6.	Emil Simon	Romania
country of citizenship	Armando Hart Dávalos (born 13 June 1930 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban politician and a Communist leader.	Armando Hart	Cuba
country of citizenship	Islambek Kuat (Kazakh: Исламбек Ержанұлы Қуат; born 12 January 1993) is a Kazakh footballer who plays for Kairat and the Kazakhstan national team.	Islambek Kuat	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Sigrid Ulbricht (née Heimann; born 25 July 1958) is a German former track and field athlete who competed in the long jump for East Germany.	Sigrid Ulbricht	East Germany
country of citizenship	Muhamad Saman (1836 -- 21 January 1891), better known as Teungku Chik di Tiro (usually spelt Cik di Tiro in Indonesia), was an Acehnese guerrilla fighter.	Teungku Chik di Tiro	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Born in Moscow, Russia, Igor Presnyakov studied classical music at a nearby academy and would eventually graduate as both a guitarist and a conductor for ensembles.	Igor Presnyakov	Russia
country of citizenship	Kuldeep Pawar (also spelled Kuldip) was an actor in the Marathi language film industry of India.	Kuldeep Pawar	India
country of citizenship	Crystian appeared in two matches with Brazil under-17's in 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup, against Japan and Mexico.	Crystian	Brazil
country of citizenship	Haji Salleh Kalbi (born 10 August 1964) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Silam constituency in Sabah from 2008 to 2013.	Salleh Kalbi	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Daryl Beattie (born 26 September 1970 in Charleville, Queensland, Australia) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Daryl Beattie	Australia
country of citizenship	Alberto Rapisarda was born in Conegliano (Treviso), Italy in 1964.	Alberto Rapisarda	Italy
country of citizenship	Hermes Ramírez (Hermes Julián Ramírez Limonta; born January 7, 1948) is a former sprinter from Cuba.	Hermes Ramírez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Anna Elizabeth Botha, born on May 6, 1922 as Anna Elizabeth Rossouw, was the First Lady of South Africa, as the wife of State President Pieter Willem Botha, from 1984 to 1989.	Anna Elizabeth Botha	South Africa
country of citizenship	Shankar Bahadur Khadka (Nepali: शंकर बहादुर खड्का) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Shankar Bahadur Khadka	Nepal
country of citizenship	Armin Eichholz (born 21 May 1964) is a retired competition rower from West Germany.	Armin Eichholz	Germany
country of citizenship	Justice Arijit Pasayat is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of India.	Arijit Pasayat	India
country of citizenship	Sulochana Gadgil is an Indian meteorologist at the Centre for Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences (CAOS) in Bangalore, India.	Sulochana Gadgil	India
country of citizenship	Tom Gaebel was born on 13 January 1975 in Gelsenkirchen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, into a musical family.	Tom Gaebel	Germany
country of citizenship	Considered one of Nepal's foremost essayists of all times, Shankar Lamichhane wrote with a lyrical, musical tempo, unrestrained by the ponderous language that often mars the essays of his elders, peers or followers.	Shankar Lamichhane	Nepal
country of citizenship	Father Giancarlo Gramolazzo (Ortonovo, Italy, 1945 - Rome, 8 November 2010) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who served as an exorcist.	Giancarlo Gramolazzo	Italy
country of citizenship	Bernd Stumpf (* 16. June 1940 in Jena) is a football referee from Jena who served as a match official in the first division DDR-Oberliga of the former East Germany.	Bernd Stumpf	East Germany
country of citizenship	Born in Crocetta del Montello, Treviso, Italy as Eleonora Cristofani, Leonora Fani was launched in 1971 by winning the ``Miss Teenager'' pageant.	Leonora Fani	Italy
country of citizenship	On Friday, November 22, 2002 a memorial sign bearing the name of Leonid Derbenyov was installed at the Square of Stars next to the concert hall Russia.	Leonid Derbenyov	Russia
country of citizenship	Salvatore Bettiol (born November 28, 1961 in Volpago del Montello) is a retired long-distance runner from Italy	Salvatore Bettiol	Italy
country of citizenship	Fernand Auberjonois (25 September 1910, Valeyres-sous-Montagny, near Lausanne, Switzerland -- 27 August 2004, Cork, Ireland) was a highly respected journalist who worked as the foreign correspondent of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and the Toledo Blade.	Fernand Auberjonois	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Major General Aboubakar Sangoulé Lamizana (January 31, 1916 -- 26 May 2005) was the second president of Upper Volta (since 1984 renamed Burkina Faso), in power from January 3, 1966 to November 25, 1980.	Sangoulé Lamizana	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Zuzana Bergrová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzuzana ˈbɛrɡrovaː); born on 24 November 1984) is a sprinter and hurdler from Czech Republic.	Zuzana Bergrová	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Shortly after the death of Jan Duiker in 1935, the Netherlands lost with Leendert van der Vlugt a second young architectural talent.	Leendert van der Vlugt	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Prince Kamal el Dine Hussein (Arabic: كمال الدين حسين‎) (20 December 1874 -- 6 August 1932) was the son of Sultan Hussein Kamel of Egypt.	Prince Kamal el Dine Hussein	Egypt
country of citizenship	José Manuel Albentosa Ferrer (born January 21, 1964 in Alicante) is a retired long-distance runner from Spain.	José Manuel Albentosa	Spain
country of citizenship	Yat Malmgren (28 March 1916 -- 6 June 2002) was a Swedish dancer and acting teacher, born in Gävle, Sweden to Gustaf Sigurd Eriksson and Signe Emma Maria Malmgren.	Yat Malmgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Nathan Leigh Jones (or ``NLJ'') is a pop singer, songwriter and pianist born in Adelaide, Australia, currently living between both Sydney, Australia and New York City.	Nathan Leigh Jones	Australia
country of citizenship	Yuri Leonidovich Belousov (Russian: Ю́рий Леони́дович Бело́усов; November 14, 1945 Chelyabinsk Oblast, USSR -- May 4, 2000, Yekaterinburg), Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, was a researcher and engineer in the field of Materials Science: glass and Glass-ceramic technologies.	Yuri Leonidovich Belousov	Russia
country of citizenship	Charles-Claude Flahaut de la Billaderie, comte d'Angiviller (1730--1810) was the director of the Bâtiments du Roi, a forerunner of a minister of fine arts in charge of the royal building works, under Louis XVI of France, from 1775.	Charles-Claude Flahaut de la Billaderie	France
country of citizenship	Nicolas Steno was born in Copenhagen on New Year's Day 1638 (Julian calendar), the son of a Lutheran goldsmith who worked regularly for King Christian IV of Denmark.	Nicolas Steno	Denmark
country of citizenship	Lourdes Libres Rosaroso (11 February 1935 -- 20 August 2010) was a popular Cebuano radio broadcaster in the Philippines.	Lourdes Libres Rosaroso	Philippines
country of citizenship	Saint Hilary of Arles, also known by his Latin name Hilarius (c. 403-449), was a bishop of Arles in Southern France.	Hilary of Arles	France
country of citizenship	Joel Brunker (born 22 February 1986 in Richmond, New South Wales) is a featherweight boxer from Australia.	Joel Brunker	Australia
country of citizenship	Šarūnas Sauka (born 1958 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a postmodern painter.	Šarūnas Sauka	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Christobelle Grierson-Ryrie, (born 1992) is a New Zealand fashion model who won New Zealand's Next Top Model, Cycle 1 on 5 June 2009.	Christobelle Grierson-Ryrie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Francisco Dique Sousa was a leading organizer of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Mozambique.	Francisco Dique Sousa	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Ashish Goyal is a recipient of India's National Award for the Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities 2010.	Ashish Goyal	India
country of citizenship	Ann Van Elsen (born 27 December 1979 in Mol) is a Belgian model as well as TV and radio personality from Mol, Antwerp in Belgium.	Ann Van Elsen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sherif Nour was raised and brought up in Cairo, Egypt.	Sherif Nour	Egypt
country of citizenship	Abdulaziz Abdulrahman was born in Tabuk, Saudi Arabia on 18 March 1982 to a Saudi father and a Jordanian mother.	Abdulaziz Abdulrahman	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Annemarie Gethmann-Siefert (born 1945) is a professor of philosophy at the University of Hagen, Germany.	Annemarie Gethmann-Siefert	Germany
country of citizenship	Milan Đurić (born 22 May 1990) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Cesena and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Milan Đurić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Jacques Feldbau subsequently published two short notes in the Bulletin de la Société Mathématique de France under the pseudonym ``Jacques Laboureur'' or ``Jacques Ploughman''.	Jacques Feldbau	France
country of citizenship	Dagmar Rom (born June 16, 1928) is a former alpine ski racer from Austria.	Dagmar Rom	Austria
country of citizenship	Henryk Ross (1 May 1910 -- 1991) was a Polish Jewish photographer who was employed by the Department of Statistics for the Jewish Council (i.e. Judenrat) within the Łódź Ghetto during the Holocaust in occupied Poland.	Henryk Ross	Poland
country of citizenship	Paul de Man was born in Antwerp, Belgium, to a prominent and cultivated upper-class Flemish family.	Paul de Man	Belgium
country of citizenship	Arthur Warren Samuels (19 May 1852 -- 11 May 1925) was an Irish Unionist Alliance Member of Parliament (MP) in the United Kingdom Parliament and subsequently a Judge.	Arthur Warren Samuels	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ronald Hamming (born January 9, 1973 in Zeegse, Drenthe) is a football striker from the Netherlands, who is playing for BV Veendam since the summer of 2003 in the Dutch second league, Eerste Divisie.	Ronald Hamming	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sanatruk (Armenian: Սանատրուկ, Latinized as Sanatruces) was a member of the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia who succeeded Tiridates I of Armenia as King of Armenia at the end of the 1st century.	Sanatruk	Armenia
country of citizenship	Pratapaditya Pal is an Indian scholar of Southeast Asian and Himalayan art and culture, specializing particularly in the history of art of India, Nepal and Tibet.	Pratapaditya Pal	India
country of citizenship	Anne-Marie Withenshaw is a Canadian television and radio personality, from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Anne-Marie Withenshaw	Canada
country of citizenship	Daniel Frank Walls (13 September 1942 -- 12 May 1999) FRS was a New Zealand theoretical physicist specialising in quantum optics.	Daniel Frank Walls	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans Brunhart (born 28 March 1945) is a political figure from Liechtenstein.	Hans Brunhart	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	William Herbert Burns (born February 27, 1878 in Stayner, Ontario, Canada-died January 1, 1964) was a Canadian politician and merchant.	William Herbert Burns	Canada
country of citizenship	Jacqueline de Guillenchmidt born Jacqueline Barbara de Labelotterie de Boisséson September 25, 1943 in Beijing, China is a member of the Constitutional Council of France since 2004.	Jacqueline de Guillenchmidt	France
country of citizenship	Raniera Ellison (13 February 1915--29 March 1974) was a New Zealand fishing company manager.	Raniera Ellison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pedro Arce Latapí (born November 25, 1991 in Saltillo, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer, who plays for Superleague Greece side Veria.	Pedro Arce	Mexico
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Grewe served under Konrad Adenauer in the post-war years, from 1951 to 1955, heading the delegation negotiating the end of Allied occupation of West Germany, which led to the signing of the Convention on Relations between the Three Powers and the Federal Republic (Deutschlandvertrag) in 1954.	Wilhelm Grewe	Germany
country of citizenship	Dimitrie Drăghicescu was born on May 4, 1875 in the village of Zăvoieni, Vâlcea County, Romania.	Dimitrie Drăghicescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Femke Wolting (born 6 November 1970 in Ouder-Amstel, The Netherlands) is a Dutch independent new media producer.	Femke Wolting	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mihaela Miroiu (born 1955 in Hunedoara, Romania) is a Romanian political theorist and feminist philosopher.	Mihaela Miroiu	Romania
country of citizenship	Hiroshi Kobayashi, (小林 弘 born 23 August 1944 in Gunma, Japan), is a former professional boxer.	Hiroshi Kobayashi	Japan
country of citizenship	Pablo Micallef is a Maltese lecturer and television presenter currently co-hosting TVAM, Television Malta's breakfast show.	Pablo Micallef	Malta
country of citizenship	Tusiata Avia (born 1966) is a New Zealand page and performance poet born to a Samoan father and Palagi (New Zealand European) mother.	Tusiata Avia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eduard Bloch (30 January 1872 -- 1 June 1945) was an Austrian doctor practicing in Linz (Austria).	Eduard Bloch	Austria
country of citizenship	Rafał Dobrucki ('rafaw dɔˈbrut͡ski) (born 27 December 1976 Poland) is a Polish speedway rider who was a permanent rider in 2000 Speedway Grand Prix.	Rafał Dobrucki	Poland
country of citizenship	Walter Nowotny was born in Gmünd, a small town in Lower Austria.	Walter Nowotny	Austria
country of citizenship	Alejandro Lozano studied humanities at the El Pardo Seminary (Madrid, Spain) from 1951 to 1957.	Alejandro Lozano	Spain
country of citizenship	Günter Faltin (born November 25, 1944 in Bamberg, Germany) is a German economist and entrepreneur.	Günter Faltin	Germany
country of citizenship	Antônio Luiz dos Santos (born July 16, 1914) is a former Olympic breaststroke swimmer from Brazil, who participated at one Summer Olympics for his native country.	Antônio Luiz dos Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bano Traoré (born April 25, 1985 in Ivry-sur-Seine, France) is a Malian athlete who specialises in the 110 meter hurdles.	Bano Traoré	France
country of citizenship	Shulamit Doniach (January 25, 1905 Samara, Russia - June 20, 1976 London, England) was a concert pianist, author, and composer.	Shulamit Doniach	Russia
country of citizenship	Mohamed Abu al-Qasim al-Zwai (born 14 May 1952) was the last Secretary General of Libya's General People's Congress and thus the country's nominal head of state of Libya from 2010 until 2011.	Mohamed Abu al-Qasim al-Zwai	Libya
country of citizenship	Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein-Gottorp (23 October 1636 -- 24 November 1715) was Queen of Sweden from 1654 until 1660.	Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein-Gottorp	Sweden
country of citizenship	Brent Barraclough is a classical pianist and film producer who was born in Canada in 1962 and is of British Citizenship.	Brent Barraclough	Canada
country of citizenship	In 1919 Hugo Kükelhaus finished his Abitur in Essen, began an apprenticeship as a carpenter in Essen and, as a travelling journeyman (Geselle), travelled through Germany, Scandinavia and the Baltics.	Hugo Kükelhaus	Germany
country of citizenship	William Still Littlejohn (19 September 1859 -- 7 October 1933) was a Scottish-born schoolteacher who spent most of his working life in New Zealand and Australia.	William Still Littlejohn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rajkumari Amrit Kaur DStJ (2 February 1889 -- 6 February 1964) was the health minister in the Indian Cabinet for ten years after India's independence from the British Raj in 1947.	Amrit Kaur	India
country of citizenship	Edith Mary Macfarlane (20 May 1871--2 December 1948) was a New Zealand community worker.	Edith Mary Macfarlane	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Vaughan, 3rd Earl of Carbery KB, PRS (baptised 8 July 1639 -- 12 January 1713), styled Lord Vaughan from 1643 to 1686, was Governor of Jamaica between 1675--1678.	John Vaughan, 3rd Earl of Carbery	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Samdech Preah Agga Mahā Sangharājādhipati Tep Vong (Khmer: ទេព វង្ស, IPA: (t̪eːp ʋɔǝŋ); born 12 January 1932) is a Cambodian Buddhist monk, currently the Great Supreme Patriarch of Cambodia.	Tep Vong	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Alexander Lean (21 May 1824 -- 20 November 1893) was a New Zealand runholder, architect, military volunteer and musician.	Alexander Lean	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Ali Akbar Al Azhari (Arabic: علی اکبر الازہری ڈاکٹر), (born 11 May 1964, Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan) is reported to be second son of Muhammad Akbar Ali Khan.	Ali Akbar Al Azhari	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Martim Soares Moreno, born around 1586 in Santiago do Cacém, Kingdom of Portugal, was a Portuguese explorer who defended the interests of the Portuguese crown in the colony of Brazil, fighting French pirates and Dutch invaders during decades.	Martim Soares Moreno	Portugal
country of citizenship	Adnan Dirjal (born 26 January 1959 in Baghdad) is an Iraqi former footballer and national team coach, one of Iraq's most prominent national team captains.	Adnan Dirjal	Iraq
country of citizenship	Ákos Seper (born 22 July 1979 in Hungary) is a Hungarian football player.	Ákos Seper	Hungary
country of citizenship	Michel Clouet (January 9, 1770 -- January 5, 1836) was a businessman and political figure in Lower Canada.	Michel Clouet	Canada
country of citizenship	María Brito (born María Cristina Brito in 1947 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-American artist specializing in painting, sculpture and installations.	María Brito	Cuba
country of citizenship	Marcel Chládek (born April 9, 1968, Rakovník, Czech Republic) is a Czech social-democratic politician and senator for Louny.	Marcel Chládek	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Omid Harandi (Persian: امید هرندی‎; born 21 November 1964 in Rasht, Iran) is an Iranian football coach and retired player who recently managed Damash Gilan in Iran Pro League.	Omid Harandi	Iran
country of citizenship	Kristina Kovač (Serbian pronunciation: (kristǐːna kôʋatʃ); Serbian Cyrillic: Кристина Ковач; born 10 November 1974, in Belgrade, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian singer and composer.	Kristina Kovač	Serbia
country of citizenship	Kenji Yanobe has had art shows throughout the world, including the United States, Europe, and his native Japan.	Kenji Yanobe	Japan
country of citizenship	Tadeusz Pyka (May 17, 1930 -- May 23, 2009) was a former Polish communist politician, who served as a Deputy Prime Minister of Poland.	Tadeusz Pyka	Poland
country of citizenship	Hilary Grist is a Canadian singer-songwriter based in Vancouver, Canada.	Hilary Grist	Canada
country of citizenship	Vierka Berkyová (born 23 February 1991 in Lučenec, Slovakia) is the winner of the third season of Slovakia searching for a SuperStar in 2007, she is of gypsy (traveller) origin.	Vierka Berkyová	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Hussain Ali Baba Mohamed (Arabic: حسين علي بابا; born 11 February 1982) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Muharraq and the Bahrain national football team.	Hussain Ali Baba	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Tanvir Ali (born 1 November 1963 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1980 to 1994.	Tanvir Ali	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rodney Eric Kennedy (20 August 1909--14 October 1989) was a New Zealand artist, art critic, pacifist and drama tutor.	Rodney Eric Kennedy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Pagbe (born October 18, 1978 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a center back for Persela Lamongan.	David Pagbe	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Pandit Raj Kumar Sharma inherited the science of astrology from his forefathers; his grand uncle Pandit Dharamchand Jhingan (Sharma) was a renowned astrologer to royal families in North India.	Raj Kumar Sharma	India
country of citizenship	Dan Karabin (born 18 February 1955) is a wrestler who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Dan Karabin	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Paul Ioachim (1930, Buzău, Romania -- 2002) was a Romanian playwright, actor, and theater director.	Paul Ioachim	Romania
country of citizenship	Sergiu Cunescu (March 16, 1923--March 16, 2005) was a Romanian social democratic politician, the leader of the Social Democratic Party of Romania (PSDR) between 1990 and 2001.	Sergiu Cunescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Sven Maes (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsfɛn ˈmaːs); born 27 January 1973 in Sint-Niklaas, Belgium), also known as Svenson, is a Belgian DJ and trance music producer.	Sven Maes	Belgium
country of citizenship	Marie Duplessis was born Alphonsine Rose Plessis in 1824 at Nonant-le-Pin, Normandy, France.	Marie Duplessis	France
country of citizenship	Philippe Hamel (October 12, 1884 -- January 22, 1954) was a nationalist and progressive politician in Quebec, Canada.	Philippe Hamel	Canada
country of citizenship	Paolo Seganti (born 20 May 1965 in Rovereto, Trentino, Italy), is an Italian actor and model, known for playing as Damian Grimaldi in the television soap opera As the World Turns.	Paolo Seganti	Italy
country of citizenship	Alfredo Perl (born in Santiago de Chile in 1965) is a Chilean-German classical pianist and conductor, best known in the United Kingdom, Australia and Germany.	Alfredo Perl	Chile
country of citizenship	Driss Jettou (Arabic: إدريس جطو‎) (born 24 May 1945) was the Prime Minister of Morocco from 2002 to 2007.	Driss Jettou	Morocco
country of citizenship	Famoudou Konaté is a Malinké master drummer from Guinea.	Famoudou Konaté	Guinea
country of citizenship	Norman Walsh was born in 1932 or 33 and attended Queen's College in South Africa where he completed his education in 1949.	Norman Walsh	South Africa
country of citizenship	Rojisha Shahi Thakuri (Nepali: रोजिशा शाही ठकुरी) is the winner of Miss Nepal Earth 2013.	Rojisha Shahi	Nepal
country of citizenship	Sri Nanduri Bapiraju was born on October 5, 1908 (in a village called Pulletikurru, now located in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India) to Sri Nanduri Ramachandrudu and Smt.	Nanduri Bapiraju	India
country of citizenship	His father Heinrich Maier was a railway official in Austria.	Heinrich Maier	Austria
country of citizenship	Charles Robertson Maier, C StJ, CD, FRSA, FHSC,(born 1945) is the current Priory Historian for St John Ambulance, The Priory of Canada.	Charles Robertson Maier	Canada
country of citizenship	Herbertus Bikker (born 15 July 1915 in Wijngaarden, Netherlands -- died 1 November 2008 in Haspe, Germany), also known as The Butcher of Ommen, was a Dutch war criminal.	Herbertus Bikker	Netherlands	Germany
country of citizenship	Paul McHugh (born Gisborne) is a New Zealand academic lawyer.	Paul McHugh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guido Vedovato (30 June 1961 in Vicenza, Italy) Italian naïve painter and sculpture.	Guido Vedovato	Italy
country of citizenship	Ferdinando Arnò is an Italian musician, composer, record producer, arranger, and entrepreneur based in Milan, Italy.	Ferdinando Arnò	Italy
country of citizenship	Rodel Tapaya was born in 1980, in Montalban, Rizal, Philippines.	Rodel Tapaya	Philippines
country of citizenship	Pierre de la Broce or de la Brosse (died 30 June 1278) was a royal favorite and councilor during the early reign of Philip III of France.	Pierre de la Broce	France
country of citizenship	Stoyan Ormandzhiev (Bulgarian: Стоян Орманджиев), (10 January 1920 -- 10 October 2006) was a Bulgarian footballer and manager, who managed two European clubs and the Bulgaria national team during his career.	Stoyan Ormandzhiev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Maha Sithu (Burmese: မဟာစည်သူ, pronounced: (məhà sìθù)) was a general of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) who commanded the Burmese armies in the Sino--	Maha Sithu	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Koji Mise (三瀬 幸司 Mise Koji, Born March 11, 1976 in Kagawa Prefecture, Japan) is a left-handed relief pitcher for the Chunichi Dragons in Nippon Professional Baseball's Central League.	Koji Mise	Japan
country of citizenship	Willy Chirino (born April 5, 1947, Consolación del Sur, Pinar del Río, Cuba) is a Cuban-American rapper and salsa singer.	Willy Chirino	Cuba
country of citizenship	George de Fretes was a musician from Indonesia who found fame in the Netherlands.	George de Fretes	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Franz-Michael Skjold Mellbin (born November 11, 1958) is a Danish professional foreign service officer and has been Ambassador of Denmark to Japan and Afghanistan.	Franz-Michael Skjold Mellbin	Denmark
country of citizenship	Helmut Yström (1881-1963) was a German politician and Senator in Bremen, Germany.	Helmut Yström	Germany
country of citizenship	José María Vélaz was a Jesuit priest from Chile who founded Fe y Alegria (Faith and Joy) in 1955 in Caracas, Venezuela.	José María Vélaz	Chile
country of citizenship	Tamba Borbor-Sawyer is a Sierra Leonean politician and a retired officer in the Sierra Leone Police.	Tamba Borbor-Sawyer	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Kelsey Martinovich (born 27 November 1990) is an Australian model, best known for being the runner up in the sixth cycle of Australia's Next Top Model where she was accidentally announced the winner first by host Sarah Murdoch.	Kelsey Martinovich	Australia
country of citizenship	José de Jesús Alfaro was the 28th President (then called Supreme Director) of Nicaragua from 11 August to 2 November 1851.	José de Jesús Alfaro	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Lieutenant-Colonel Désiré Rakotoarijaona (born 19 June 1934) is a former Prime Minister of Madagascar.	Désiré Rakotoarijaona	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Nerses Yeritsyan (Armenian: Ներսես Հենրիկի Երիցյան; born February 23, 1971, Yerevan) is deputy president of the Central Bank of Armenia and former Minister of Economy.	Nerses Yeritsyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Glen Fisiiahi is a New Zealand professional rugby footballer of Tongan and Niue descent who currently plays for the Chiefs in Super Rugby.	Glen Fisiiahi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ekaterina Zaikina (born 27 May 1990 in Tolyatti) is a Russian former ice dancer who also competed for Georgia.	Ekaterina Zaikina	Georgia
country of citizenship	Donald Morton Stewart (born: 1923) is a former politician and civil servant from Northwest Territories, Canada.	Donald Morton Stewart	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Zurich, Switzerland, Mathias Rüegg began playing jazz in secondary school.	Mathias Rüegg	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Brett Mather is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who plays provincial rugby for Otago, and is in the Super Rugby team the Highlanders.	Brett Mather	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bezprym (c. 986 -- 1032) was a Duke of Poland during 1031--1032.	Bezprym	Poland
country of citizenship	Christian Van Thillo (born 25 March 1962 in Antwerp, Belgium), is a Belgian businessman.	Christian Van Thillo	Belgium
country of citizenship	Mario Pigazzini is the current director of the Coro Polifonico Farnesiano, in Piacenza, Italy.	Mario Pigazzini	Italy
country of citizenship	Pavlo Klimkin (Ukrainian: Павло Клімкін; born 1967) is a Ukrainian diplomat and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine.	Pavlo Klimkin	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Nalaka Godahewa is a former Chairman of the Securities Exchange Commission of Sri Lanka.	Nalaka Godahewa	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Cakka Nuraga (born as Cakka Kawekas Nuraga in Tangerang, Indonesia on August 18, 1998) is an Indonesian musician, singer and guitarist.	Cakka Nuraga	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Anneke Venema (born January 19, 1971 in Veendam) is a retired rower from the Netherlands.	Anneke Venema	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Gordon Robertson Cameron (November 12, 1921 -- August 10, 2010) was a businessman and former political figure in the Yukon, Canada.	Gordon Robertson Cameron	Canada
country of citizenship	Sepahbod Ahmad Amir-Ahmadi (1884 -- 1974) was a military leader and cabinet Minister of Iran.	Ahmad Amir-Ahmadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Mario Moretti Polegato (born 16 August 1952 in Crocetta del Montello, Italy) is an Italian entrepreneur, active in the footwear sector, who founded the company Geox of which he is the president.	Mario Moretti Polegato	Italy
country of citizenship	Amiot Métayer (died September 20/21, 2003) was a gang leader in Haiti.	Amiot Métayer	Haiti
country of citizenship	Hazairin (born Gelar Pangeran Alamsyah Harahap on 28 November 1906 -- died 11 December 1975) was the Minister of Internal Affairs of Indonesia from 30 July 1953 to 18 November 1954, serving in the First Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet.	Hazairin	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Günter Voigt (born January 2, 1933), is a military scientist and retired major general, whose last assignment was as Deputy Commander in Chief and Chief of Staff of the Air Forces of the National People's Army in the former East Germany.	Günter Voigt	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ma Qi (1869 -- 5 August 1931) (simplified Chinese: 马麒; traditional Chinese: 馬麒; pinyin: Mǎ Qí; Wade--Giles: Ma Ch'i) was a Chinese Muslim warlord in early 20th century China.	Ma Qi	China
country of citizenship	Petrus Johannes Schotel (11 November 1808 -- 23 July 1865) was a 19th-century marine painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Petrus Johannes Schotel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ómar Julián Leal Covelli, commonly known as Julián Leal, (born May 11, 1990 in Bucaramanga) is a professional racing driver from Colombia, although he has also competed with an Italian licence in the GP2 Series.	Julián Leal	Colombia
country of citizenship	Faraz Kamalvand (Persian: فراز کمالوند‎‎, born 27 July 1975) is a professional football coach who is the current head coach of Gostaresh in Iran Pro League.	Faraz Kamalvand	Iran
country of citizenship	Daniel Burka (born December 17, 1978 in Canada) is best known as the former creative director for website Digg and current design partner at GV.	Daniel Burka	Canada
country of citizenship	Ganpatsinh Vestabhai Vasava is a politician and an incumbent speaker of Gujarat Legislative Assembly in India.	Ganpatsinh Vestabhai Vasava	India
country of citizenship	Maama Vaipulu (born 21 July 1989) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Counties Manukau in the ITM Cup.	Maama Vaipulu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dennis Lisk (born in Hamburg, Germany in 1977), also known as Denyo, Denyo 77, Dennis Deutschland and Dennis Dubplate, is a German soul singer and hip hop artist and a radio presenter.	Denyo	Germany
country of citizenship	Vincent Gessler, (born November 26, 1976) in Sierre is a Swiss science fiction author based in Geneva, Switzerland.	Vincent Gessler	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hōjō Tokiyori (北条時頼, June 29, 1227 -- December 24, 1263) was the fifth shikken (regent) of the Kamakura shogunate in Japan.	Hōjō Tokiyori	Japan
country of citizenship	Mamadou Konte (b.? Mali - died June 20, 2007 Dakar, Senegal) was a Senegalese music producer and founder of the Africa Fête Music Festival and a leading figure behind the African and world music genres.	Mamadou Konte	Senegal
country of citizenship	Kerishnie Naicker is a South African beauty pageant titleholder crowned Miss South Africa 1997 and placed 4th Runner-up at Miss World 1998.	Kerishnie Naicker	South Africa
country of citizenship	Morten Frost or Morten Frost Hansen, aka ``Mr Badminton'', (born April 4, 1958) is a former badminton player and later coach, who represented Denmark.	Morten Frost	Denmark
country of citizenship	Laxminarayan Pandey (born 28 March 1928) was a member of the 5th, 6th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Laxminarayan Pandey	India
country of citizenship	Anders Lago (born 31 October 1956) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician and former mayor (Swedish: Kommunstyrelsens ordförande) of Södertälje, Sweden.	Anders Lago	Sweden
country of citizenship	John Harvey Lewis (1814 - 23 October 1888) was an Irish-born lawyer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1861 to 1874.	John Harvey Lewis	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	The RBC Bronwen Wallace Award for Emerging Writers, funded by friends of the poet and the Writers' Trust of Canada, is an annual prize given to a young and promising poet or fiction writer who is under the age of 35 and unpublished in book form.	Bronwen Wallace	Canada
country of citizenship	Abu Inan Faris (1329 -- 10 January 1358) (Arabic: أبو عنان فارس بن علي‎) was a Marinid ruler of Morocco.	Abu Inan Faris	Morocco
country of citizenship	Riccardo Riccò (born 1 September 1983 in Formigine) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Italy.	Riccardo Riccò	Italy
country of citizenship	Pedro Heilbron (born 1958 in Colón, Panama) is, since 1988, the CEO of Copa Holdings S.A., the parent company of Panamanian carrier Copa Airlines and Colombian carrier AeroRepública.	Pedro Heilbron	Panama
country of citizenship	Haşim Kılıç (pronounced (haʃim ˈkɯɫɯtʃ); born 13 March 1950, in Çiçekdağı, Kırşehir) was a high-ranked judge and the President of the Constitutional Court of Turkey from October 22, 2007 until February 10th, 2015.	Haşim Kılıç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Lisa Larson, born in 1931, is a well established ceramicist and designer in Sweden as well as on the international scene.	Lisa Larson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Javad Asghari Moghaddam (Persian: جواد اصغری‌مقدم‎), born 12 August 1979 in Tonekabon, Mazandran, Iran is an Iranian futsal player.	Javad Asghari Moghaddam	Iran
country of citizenship	Laura Jurca (born September 14, 1999 in Munich) is a Romanian artistic gymnast and a member of Romania's women's artistic gymnastics team.	Laura Jurca	Romania
country of citizenship	R. Vasudevan was an Indian civil servant, and served as special secretary to the Prime Minister of India (Rajiv Gandhi) , as also Secretary, Ministry of Steel and Ministry of Power, Government of India.	R. Vasudevan	India
country of citizenship	Max Wexler was born in Iaşi, north-eastern Romania, in a family of Jewish origin.	Max Wexler	Romania
country of citizenship	Todsapol Lated (Thai: ทศพล ลาเทศ, born July 17, 1989) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Todsapol Lated	Thailand
country of citizenship	Abraham Neumann, a Jewish painter, was born in Sierpc, Poland, in February 6, 1873 and died in the Krakow Ghetto in June 4, 1942.	Abraham Neumann	Poland
country of citizenship	Henry Morgan Taylor (5 February 1889 -- 20 June 1955) was a sportsman who played rugby union for New Zealand and cricket Canterbury.	Henry Morgan Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Srinath Prahlad (born 8 January 1973 in Mysore, India) is a tennis player from India and has represented the country in the Davis Cup.	Srinath Prahlad	India
country of citizenship	Paul Yule was born in Johannesburg, South Africa and his family emigrated to England when he was 8 years old.	Paul Yule	South Africa
country of citizenship	Ali Akbar Saremi (born in 1943) is an architect from Iran.	Ali Akbar Saremi	Iran
country of citizenship	Necmettin Erbakan (29 October 1926 -- 27 February 2011) was a Turkish politician, engineer, and academic who was the Prime Minister of Turkey from 1996 to 1997.	Necmettin Erbakan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Faruk Myrtaj (March 4, 1955) born Selenicë, Vlora in Albania is an Albanian novelist, poet, translator and engineer.	Faruk Myrtaj	Albania
country of citizenship	Rodman Teltull (born 29 January 1994 in Koror, Palau) is a Palauan sprinter who competes in the 100 metres.	Rodman Teltull	Palau
country of citizenship	Münci Kalayoğlu is a doctor from Turkey.	Münci Kalayoğlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Noémie Happart (born 1 June 1993) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2013 in the Grand Finale of Miss Belgium 2013 at the Casino Van Knokkein in Knokke-Heist on Sunday night of 6 January 2013.	Noémie Happart	Belgium
country of citizenship	Dave Wilkins (September 25, 1914 -- 1990) was a jazz trumpeter from Barbados.	Dave Wilkins	Barbados
country of citizenship	Günter Guillaume (1 February 1927 -- 10 April 1995), was an intelligence agent of East Germany's secret service, the Stasi.	Günter Guillaume	East Germany
country of citizenship	Louis William Valentine Dubourg, S.S., (French: Louis-Guillaume-Valentin Dubourg) (10 January 1766--12 December 1833) was a Sulpician bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in the early years of the United States, and later an Archbishop in France.	Louis William Valentine Dubourg	France
country of citizenship	Thomas Wing (1810--1888) was a notable New Zealand master mariner, cartographer, harbourmaster and pilot.	Thomas Wing	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nishkulanand Swami was born on 15 January 1766 to a Suthar family residing in a small village called Shekhpat, near Jamnagar in present day Gujarat, India.	Nishkulanand Swami	India
country of citizenship	Mashfi Al-Mutairi (Arabic: مشفي المطيري‎; born July 19, 1973 in Kuwait City) is a Kuwaiti sport shooter.	Mashfi Al-Mutairi	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Hans Theessink (born 5 April 1948, Enschede, Netherlands) is a Dutch guitarist, mandolinist, singer and songwriter, living in Vienna, Austria.	Hans Theessink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Vital Alsar Ramírez was born on August 7, 1933, in ``Calle Alta'' in Santander, Cantabria, Spain.	Vital Alsar	Spain
country of citizenship	Josef Thorak (7 February 1889 in Salzburg, Austria -- 26 February 1952 in Hartmannsberg, Bavaria) was an Austrian-German sculptor.	Josef Thorak	Austria
country of citizenship	Marilyn Ramos (born 16 February 1991) is a South African designer, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss South Africa 2012, becoming the official representative of her country to Miss Universe 2013 and Miss World 2013.	Marilyn Ramos	South Africa
country of citizenship	Theresa Andersson (born 11 September 1971, Gotland, Sweden) is a singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Theresa Andersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ramon Iglesias i Navarri (28 January 1889 in Vall de Boí -- 31 March 1972) was the Bishop of Urgell and Episcopal Co-Prince of Andorra from 4 April 1943, until 29 April 1969.	Ramon Iglesias i Navarri	Andorra
country of citizenship	Mac DeMarco was born in Duncan, British Columbia, Canada, and raised in Edmonton, Alberta.	Mac DeMarco	Canada
country of citizenship	Patrick Ouart (born May 25, 1959 in Sallenelle, municipality of Pendé, France) is a former French magistrate, and former personal advisor for justice to Prime Minister Edouard Balladur.	Patrick Ouart	France
country of citizenship	William Benjamin Robinson (December 22, 1797 -- July 18, 1873) was a fur trader and political figure in Upper Canada.	William Benjamin Robinson	Canada
country of citizenship	Captain Robert Pearson (May 18, 1879 -- July 3, 1956) was a soldier and politician from Alberta, Canada.	Robert Pearson	Canada
country of citizenship	Mate Šestan (born 1971) is a former football player, born in Croatia.	Mate Šestan	Croatia
country of citizenship	Saint Deiniol (died 584) was traditionally the first Bishop of Bangor in the Kingdom of Gwynedd, Wales.	Deiniol	Kingdom of Gwynedd
country of citizenship	Sassa Jimenez (born December 17, 1987) is a fashion designer from the Philippines.	Sassa Jimenez	Philippines
country of citizenship	Rustam Khudzhamov made his debut for the Ukraine national football team in a friendly on 11 February 2009 against Serbia which Ukraine won 1--0.	Rustam Khudzhamov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Masakazu Tashiro (Japanese: 田代 真一, born June 26, 1988 in Meguro, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the Montedio Yamagata in the J. League Division 2.	Masakazu Tashiro	Japan
country of citizenship	Desmond Patrick Costello (31 January 1912 -- 23 February 1964) was a New Zealand linguist, soldier, diplomat, university professor who was accused of being an agent for the Soviet GRU and of having sparked the first in a series of spy scandals in the 1960s which brought down the Macmillan government in the UK.	Desmond Patrick Costello	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Warut Mekmusik (Thai: วรุฒ เมฆมุสิก, born Junuary 2, 1985), or simply known as Rut (Thai: รุฒ), is a professional footballer from Thailand He currently plays for Bangkok United in the Thai Premier League as a Goalkeeper.	Warut Mekmusik	Thailand
country of citizenship	Evangelos Katsioulis (born 19 January 1976, Ioannina, Greece) is a Greek medical doctor and psychiatrist.	Evangelos Katsioulis	Greece
country of citizenship	Dolly Joseph Abu Shahine commonly known as Dolly Shahine (usually spelled: Dolly Chahine; Arabic: دوللي شاهين‎ Lebanese pronunciation: (ˈdol.li ʃaˈhiːn)) in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese singer, actress, and fashion designer.	Dolly Shahine	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Philippe Erne (born 14 December 1986 in Vaduz) is an international footballer from Liechtenstein who plays as a striker.	Philippe Erne	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Abraham LeBlanc (January 17, 1840 -- October 24, 1913) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Abraham LeBlanc	Canada
country of citizenship	Hone Riiwi Toia (1858--1933) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, prophet, religious leader and protester.	Hone Riiwi Toia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hernando Urriago Benítez is a poet and essay writer who was born in Cali, Colombia in 1974.	Hernando Urriago Benítez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Jody Lloyd is a New Zealand electronica and hip-hop musician and record producer from Christchurch.	Jody Lloyd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roberto Bernardi (born 1974, Todi, Italy) is an artist based in Todi.	Roberto Bernardi	Italy
country of citizenship	Saleem Raza (born 5 July 1964, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan) is a former cricketer.	Saleem Raza	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ali Reza Nobari is the former Governor of the Central Bank of the Islamic Republic of Iran (Bank Markazi Iran).	Ali Reza Nobari	Iran
country of citizenship	Ila Pant is an Indian politician and former member of Lok Sabha from Uttarakhand state in India.	Ila Pant	India
country of citizenship	Thomas Vernon Griffiths (22 June 1894--23 November 1985) was a New Zealand music teacher and lecturer, composer.	Thomas Vernon Griffiths	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zenon Jankowski (born November 22, 1937 in Poznań, Poland) is a retired Polish pilot, colonel of the Polish Army and cosmonaut.	Zenon Jankowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Dr. Habiba Sarobi (Persian: حبیبه سرابی‎‎) (born 1956) is a hematologist, politician, and reformer of the post-Taliban reconstruction of Afghanistan.	Habiba Sarobi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Naratheinkha (Burmese: နရသိင်္ခ, pronounced: (nəɹa̰ θéiɴkʰa̰); 1141--1174) was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1171 to 1174.	Naratheinkha	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Alfonso López Caballero (born 17 August 1944) is a Colombian economist and diplomat, the son and grandson of former Presidents of Colombia, Alfonso López Michelsen and Alfonso López Pumarejo respectively, and former congressman, government minister, ambassador to France, Canada, the United Kingdom, and presidential candidate.	Alfonso López Caballero	Colombia
country of citizenship	Laxman Dutta Joshi (Nepali: लक्ष्मण दत्त जोशी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Laxman Dutta Joshi	Nepal
country of citizenship	Xolile Yawa (born 29 September 1962 in Lady Frere, Eastern Cape) is a retired athlete from South Africa - ZA.	Xolile Yawa	South Africa
country of citizenship	Ali Hassan Kuban (1929, Gotha, Egypt -- 2001) was a Nubian singer and bandleader.	Ali Hassan Kuban	Egypt
country of citizenship	Nathan Straus was born to a Jewish family in Otterberg, Germany, the third child of Lazarus Straus (1809--1898) and his wife Sara (1823--1876).	Nathan Straus	Germany
country of citizenship	Sunny Suwanmethanon (Thai: ซันนี่ สุวรรณเมธานนท์, born 18 May 1981 in Thailand) is a Thailand actor with Thai, Singapore and French descent.	Sunny Suwanmethanon	Thailand
country of citizenship	Li Huirong (Chinese: 李惠荣; pinyin: Lǐ Huìróng, born April 14, 1965) is a retired triple jumper from People's Republic of China, who set the first IAAF-recognized women's triple jump world record of 14.54 metres on August 25, 1990 at a meet in Sapporo, Japan.	Li Huirong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Alexander Wyclif Reed, also known as Clif Reed and A. W. Reed, (7 March 1908 - 19 October 1979) was aprolific New Zealand publisher and author.	Alexander Wyclif Reed	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ham Mukasa (1868--1956) was a page in the court of Mutesa I of Buganda (in present day Uganda) and later secretary to Apolo Kagwa.	Ham Mukasa	Uganda
country of citizenship	Haji Omar was killed during an US airstike in Pakistan on October 26, 2008.	Haji Omar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sabri al-Asali (Arabic: صبري العسلي‎; 1903 -- 13 April 1976) was a Syrian politician and a three-time prime minister of Syria.	Sabri al-Asali	Syria
country of citizenship	Theodore Nisbet Gibbs (3 February 1896--15 July 1978) was a New Zealand law clerk, accountant, businessman and tax adviser.	Theodore Nisbet Gibbs	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mieszko II Lambert ( Polish ; c. 990 -- 10/11 May 1034) was King of Poland from 1025--1031, and Duke from 1032 until his death.	Mieszko II Lambert	Poland
country of citizenship	Marko Peruničić (born 1979 in Belgrade, Serbia) is a successful Serbian composer/arranger/producer who has collaborated with many Yugoslav artists through last 9 years.	Marko Peruničić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Liviu Mocan is married to Rodica, who is Lecturer at the Babes-Bolyai University in Cluj-Napoca Romania.	Liviu Mocan	Romania
country of citizenship	Lauri Viljanen (1900, Kaarina, Southwest Finland -- 1994) was a Finnish literary critic and writer.	Lauri Viljanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Mario Larramendi (born June 6, 1984 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently is without a club.	Mario Larramendi	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Maria Jongeling (born 19 June 1975 in Delft, Netherlands) is a former Dutch road and track racing cyclist.	Maria Jongeling	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Putri Ayu Silaen, born at Sibolga, North Sumatra, Indonesia on 24 May 1997 is a soprano singer who previously dabbled in the genre pop. She started her singing career at a young age by joining several singing competition in North Sumatra.	Putri Ayu Silaen	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Bimal Roy was born on 12 July 1909, to a zamindar family in Suapur, Dhaka then part of the Eastern Bengal and Assam province of British India and now part of Bangladesh.	Bimal Roy	India
country of citizenship	Rosemary Banks (born 1951) is a New Zealand diplomat, currently New Zealand's Ambassador to France.	Rosemary Banks	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jonathan Mulia (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, July 8, 1986) is an Indonesian actor.	Jonathan Mulia	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Karen Andreasyan (Armenian: Կարեն Անդրեասյան; born in 1977) is a Human Rights Defender of Armenia.	Karen Andreasyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Ahmed G. Cuizon is a media practitioner in Cebu Philippines.	Ahmed G. Cuizon	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Lázaro (born December 4, 1981 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer.	Ezequiel Lázaro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Toygar Işıklı (born 16 April 1974 in Gölcük, Kocaeli, Turkey) is a Turkish film score composer, music producer and singer.	Toygar Işıklı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Andrea Andreani (1540--1623) was an Italian engraver on wood, who was among the first printmakers in Italy to use chiaroscuro, which required multiple colours.	Andrea Andreani	Italy
country of citizenship	Dario Martinelli (Andria, Italy, March 1, 1974) is an Italian semiotician, musicologist and composer.	Dario Martinelli	Italy
country of citizenship	José Julián Jiménez was born in Trinidad, Las Villas, Cuba, the son of orchestra conductor Francisco Nicasio Jiménez.	José Julián Jiménez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Farhat Hashmi (Urdu: فرحت ہاشمی‎) (born December 22, 1957) is an Islamic scholar from Pakistan She was formerly a lecturer and assistant professor at the Faculty of Usul-al-Din at International Islamic University, Islamabad.	Farhat Hashmi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Marianna Vardinoyannis was born in Greece in 1947 and raised in Athens.	Marianna Vardinoyannis	Greece
country of citizenship	With them, Cristie travelled through the settings of the most prominent festivals of Spain including Espárrago Rock, Festimad, The Festival of Autumn of Madrid, and The Sea of Music.	Cristie	Spain
country of citizenship	Sanjeev Abhyankar was born on October 5, 1969 in Pune, India to Dr. Shobha Abhyankar.	Sanjeev Abhyankar	India
country of citizenship	Amy Miller (born in 1980 in Sudbury, Canada) is a filmmaker and social justice activist.	Amy Miller	Canada
country of citizenship	Due to civil war in Angola which until then lasted 24 years, Diamondog moves to Brazil where he received political asylum.	Diamondog	Angola
country of citizenship	Bernard Larson (also known as Bernhard; December 3, 1859 -- January 13, 1923) was a Swedish-born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Bernard Larson	Canada
country of citizenship	Dan Bryk grew up in suburban Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, where he attended several Public and Catholic schools and Queensway Cathedral School, a Pentecostal evangelical private school.	Dan Bryk	Canada
country of citizenship	Papiss Demba Cissé (born 3 June 1985), also known as Papiss Cissé, is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a striker for Newcastle United and the Senegal national team.	Papiss Cissé	Senegal
country of citizenship	Major Patrick Chukwuma Kaduna Nzeogwu, (1937--1967) was a Nigerian military officer who played in leading role in the January 15, 1966 military coup, an event that derailed Nigeria's nascent democracy and introduced military rule to Nigeria.	Chukwuma Kaduna Nzeogwu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Amasio Valence (born 12 May 1979 in Nadi, Fiji) is a Rugby sevens player who switched allegiances to New Zealand after he first made his break into professional rugby in 2000.	Amasio Valence	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Cecilia Samartin (born 1961 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-American writer and psychologist.	Cecilia Samartin	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ariel Ameijenda (born in 1961, Montevideo) is a luthier, musician and professor from Uruguay.	Ariel Ameijenda	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Federico Plummer (born April 10, 1929) is a former lightweight professional boxer from Panama.	Federico Plummer	Panama
country of citizenship	Dr. Ethel Bentham (5 January 1861 -- 19 January 1931) was a progressive doctor, a politician and a suffragette in the United Kingdom.	Ethel Bentham	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Roberto Francisco Chiari Remón (March 2, 1905 in Panama City -- March 1, 1981) was the President of Panama in 1949 and from 1960 to 1964.	Roberto Francisco Chiari Remón	Panama
country of citizenship	Channaiah Odeyar (ಚನ್ನಯ್ಯ ಒಡೆಯರ್ died on 19th November 2007) was a former Lok Sabha Member of Parliament from Davangere in Karnataka, India.	Channaiah Odeyar	India
country of citizenship	Terje Isungset (born May 4, 1964 Hol, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (primarily as a percussionist) and composer.	Terje Isungset	Norway
country of citizenship	Katharine Sergava (July 30, 1910 in Tbilisi, Georgia -- November 26, 2005. Married name: Katharine Sergava Sznycer) was an actress and dancer.	Katharine Sergava	Georgia
country of citizenship	Guy Stéphane Essame (born 25 November 1984 in Douala) is a football player from Cameroon who is currently playing for Atyrau.	Guy Stéphane Essame	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Emily Cumming Harris (c.1837--5 August 1925) was one of New Zealand's first professional women painters.	Emily Cumming Harris	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gholamreza Khosravi Savadjani was a political prisoner in Iran who was executed on 1 June 2014.	Gholamreza Khosravi Savadjani	Iran
country of citizenship	Augusto de Campos (born 14 February 1931, São Paulo) is a Brazilian writer who (with his brother Haroldo de Campos) was a founder of the Concrete poetry movement in Brazil.	Augusto de Campos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Lisa Mathison (born 31 January 1985) is a professional cyclist from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, specialising in cross-country mountain bike racing.	Lisa Mathison	Australia
country of citizenship	Luk De Konink (born 8 July 1952, Belgium) is a Belgian television actor.	Luk De Konink	Belgium
country of citizenship	Many other buildings, streets and squares in Germany are likewise connected with the name Eugen Bolz.	Eugen Bolz	Germany
country of citizenship	Roger Miller Rojas (born 8 March 1993 in Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer with spanish passport who currently plays at italian Serie B for Varese.	Roger Miller Rojas	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Alfred de Pischof (born May 17, 1882 in Vienna, Austria; died August 12, 1922 in Villacoublay, France) was an Austrian aviation pioneer.	Alfred de Pischof	Austria	France
country of citizenship	Errol Vieth (born 1950) is a Senior Lecturer at the School of Contemporary Communication, at Central Queensland University, Australia, a researcher, and an author.	Errol Vieth	Australia
country of citizenship	Subair was born in the village of Panoor in Kannur District, Kerala, India as the son of Sulaiman and Aysha.	Subair	India
country of citizenship	George Nedungatt (born on 21 December 1932 in Peringuzha near Muvattupuzha in Travancore, India), is an Indian Jesuit priest of Oriental rite, and expert in Oriental Canon Law.	George Nedungatt	India
country of citizenship	Sibille Attar (born 27 November 1981 in Örebro, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter and producer of French origin.	Sibille Attar	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alejandro Gaviria Uribe (born 1965) is the 3rd and current Minister of Health and Social Protection of Colombia.	Alejandro Gaviria Uribe	Colombia
country of citizenship	Shuntaro Hida (born 1917 in Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese physician who was an eyewitness to the dropping of the Little Boy Atomic Bomb on Hiroshima by the Enola Gay on 6 August 1945.	Shuntaro Hida	Japan
country of citizenship	Rufino Tamayo (August 25, 1899 -- June 24, 1991) was a Mexican painter of Zapotec heritage, born in Oaxaca de Juárez, Mexico.	Rufino Tamayo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Muhammad Aqa-Kermani (Persian: محمد آغاكرمنى ‎) also written Aqkirmani was an 18th century Persian physician from Kerman, Iran.	Muhammad Aqa-Kermani	Iran
country of citizenship	Reymond Clavel (born June 23, 1950) is director of the Laboratoire de Systèmes Robotiques 2 (LSRO2) at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland.	Reymond Clavel	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Germán Ohm Gómez (born 28 May 1936 in Mexico City) was a Mexican boxer of German ancestry in the Featherweight division.	Germán Ohm	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Phúc Trú, or Nguyễn Phúc Chú, (1696--1738; r. 1725--1738) was one of the Nguyễn lords who ruled over southern Vietnam in the 16th--18th centuries.	Nguyễn Phúc Trú	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Hans-Jürgen Papier (German pronunciation: (ˈpaːpi̯ɐ); born 6 July 1943 in Berlin) is a German scholar of constitutional law and was President of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany from 2002 to 2010.	Hans-Jürgen Papier	Germany
country of citizenship	Kaleena Renae McNabb (born 1984), better known by her stage name K'Lee, is a New Zealand pop singer who released her first single in 2001 at the age of 16, while still attending Waitakere College in West Auckland.	K'Lee	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Brunette Models is a Polish-Cypriot musical project for experimental electronic music and sound sculpture, in the style of ambient music, atmospheric and deep listening music, and is a pioneer of this kind of music in Poland.	Brunette Models	Poland
country of citizenship	Adel Tawil (born August 15, 1978 in Berlin, Germany), is a German singer, songwriter and producer.	Adel Tawil	Germany
country of citizenship	Eric Sahlström (1912--1986 CE) was a Swedish player of the nyckelharpa, and riksspelman awardee from Tobo in northern Uppland, Sweden.	Eric Sahlström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Doudou Diène (born 1941) of Senegal was United Nations Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance in 2002--2008.	Doudou Diène	Senegal
country of citizenship	Alice Bellagamba (born 1 November 1987 in Jesi, Italy) is an Italian actress and dancer.	Alice Bellagamba	Italy
country of citizenship	Antoine-Léonce Michaux (born November 6, 1822 in Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe, and died January 20, 1893, France) was Governor General for French India in the Second French Colonial Empire under the French Third Republic.	Antoine-Léonce Michaux	India
country of citizenship	Miguel de la Espriella (born November 14, 1947), more commonly known by his artistic name, Noble, is a self-taught painter and sculptor from Sucre, Colombia, whose art has been presented widely within his country and throughout the world.	Miguel de la Espriella	Colombia
country of citizenship	Apostol Muzac (born 6 July 1987 in Bucharest, Romania) is a Romanian football player under contract with Delta Dobrogea Tulcea.	Apostol Muzac	Romania
country of citizenship	Elio Martusciello (born 23 November 1959, Naples, Italy) is an Italian experimental music composer and performer, principally on guitar and computer.	Elio Martusciello	Italy
country of citizenship	Perpessicius joined the Romanian Army in 1916, as Romania rallied with the Entente against the Central Powers (see Romania during World War I).	Perpessicius	Romania
country of citizenship	Ali Hallab (born 4 April 1981 in Mantes-la-Jolie, Yvelines) is a boxer from France.	Ali Hallab	France
country of citizenship	Aristides Royo Sánchez (born August 14, 1940 in La Chorrera, Panamá Province) was President of Panama from October 11, 1978 to July 31, 1982, when he was pressured to resign by the military.	Aristides Royo	Panama
country of citizenship	Yeo Bum-kyu (born June 24, 1962) is a South Koreaan football Midfielder who played for South Korea in the AFC Asian Cup.	Yeo Bum-kyu	South Korea
country of citizenship	Christa Frieda Vogel is a German photographer who lives and works in Berlin, Germany.	Christa Frieda Vogel	Germany
country of citizenship	Rouba a.k.a. Roobz, is a soul singer/songwriter born in Lebanon and raised in the United Arab Emirates.	Rouba	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Unlike the majority of luchadors in Mexico Jerry Estrada never wore a mask during his career.	Jerry Estrada	Mexico
country of citizenship	Gladys Moncrieff OBE (13 April 1892 -- 8 February 1976) was an Australian singer who was so successful in musical theatre and recordings that she became known as 'Australia's Queen of Song' and 'Our Glad'.	Gladys Moncrieff	Australia
country of citizenship	Salami Agbaje (died 1953) was one of Nigeria's leading businessmen during the nation's colonial era.	Salami Agbaje	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mads Hauge is a Norwegian songwriter and producer from Bergen, Norway.	Mads Hauge	Norway
country of citizenship	Born to Tunisian parents, Amar Ben Belgacem grew up in France until he was 5.	Amar Ben Belgacem	France
country of citizenship	Her family moved from Shanghai to Canada when Yuanling Yuan was five years old, and then in 2003 they moved from Ottawa to Toronto.	Yuanling Yuan	Canada
country of citizenship	Jan Willem Pieneman (Dutch pronunciation: (jɑn ˈʋɪləm ˈpinəˌmɑn); 4 November 1779 -- 8 April 1853) was a painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Jan Willem Pieneman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lucas Tirigall Caste (born 1974 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), also known as Lucas TC, is considered one of Argentina's leading multimedia artists and pioneer in digital media who is recognized for his talents intertwining creative disciplines such as music and visual design through programmatic environments.	Lucas Tirigall Caste	Argentina
country of citizenship	James McIlvenna (1864 -- December 4, 1936) was a Scottish-born train engineer and politician in Ontario, Canada.	James McIlvenna	Canada
country of citizenship	Charles Wong Gye (1839--1911) was a notable New Zealand storekeeper, policeman and interpreter.	Charles Wong Gye	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rómulo Díaz de la Vega (23 May 1800 -- 3 October 1877) was de facto president of Mexico in 1855.	Rómulo Díaz de la Vega	Mexico
country of citizenship	Erki Nool (born 25 June 1970 in Võru, Estonia) is an Estonian decathlete and politician.	Erki Nool	Estonia
country of citizenship	Te Rangiataahua Kiniwe Royal (1896--1965) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, land officer, maori welfare officer, soldier, sportsman.	Te Rangiataahua Kiniwe Royal	New Zealand
country of citizenship	María Guadalupe González Talavera (born February 29, 1992 in Lambaré) is a Paraguayan model and beauty queen contestant from Paraguay who, after winning at the Nuestra Belleza Paraguay 2013 pageant, represented her country at the 62nd edition of Miss Universe pageant held in Moscow, Russia.	Guadalupe González	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Georgina Beyer (born November 1957) is a New Zealand politician and former Labour Party Member of Parliament.	Georgina Beyer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Balkrishna Mabuhang (also spelled Bal Krishna Mabuhang) is an associate professor at Tribuwan University, Nepal.	Balkrishna Mabuhang	Nepal
country of citizenship	Yves Daccord (born in 1964 in Zürich, Switzerland) is the Director-General of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) Directorate.	Yves Daccord	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jørgen Holmboe was born near Hammerfest, Norway, on an island a short distance from the northernmost point in Norway.	Jørgen Holmboe	Norway
country of citizenship	Kebek (died 1325/1326) was khan of the Chagatai Khanate from 1309 until 1310, and again from c. 1318 until his death.	Kebek	Chagatai Khanate
country of citizenship	Louise Bertin lived her entire life in France.	Louise Bertin	France
country of citizenship	Anant Sadashiv Altekar (1898--1960; Devanagari: अनंत सदाशिव आळतेकर) was a historian, archaeologist, and numismatist from Maharashtra, India.	Anant Sadashiv Altekar	India
country of citizenship	Juan Pablo Forero Carreño (born August 3, 1983) is a professional track and road cyclist from Colombia.	Juan Pablo Forero	Colombia
country of citizenship	Santiago Soler y Pla (Barcelona, Spain; 12 March 1839 - 1888) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of State in 1873, during the presidency of Nicolás Salmerón of the First Spanish Republic.	Santiago Soler y Pla	Spain
country of citizenship	At the then Stratford Festival of Canada (now Stratford Shakespeare Festival), the eleven-year-old Graham Abbey took up small parts in A Midsummer Night's Dream and The Merry Wives of Windsor.	Graham Abbey	Canada
country of citizenship	Alik Gunashian or Gyunashyan (born 1955, Leninakan, Armenia) is an Armenian popular singer.	Alik Gunashian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Saviour Montebello (1762--1809) was a Maltese Doctor of Theology, a Professor of Philosophy at the University of Malta, and a Parish Priest of Bormla.	Saviour Montebello	Malta
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Uduaghan was a founding member and Chairman of the All Nigeria Congress Association for the Warri South Local Government Area, a founder and executive member of the Grassroots Democratic Movement (GDM), and a foundation member of the PDP.	Emmanuel Uduaghan	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Per Askim (24 February 1881 -- 8 March 1963) was a Norwegian naval officer who was in command of the two coastal defence ships defending Narvik during the German invasion of Norway on 9 April 1940.	Per Askim	Norway
country of citizenship	Arnaud Alessandria (born July 15, 1993 in Monaco) is an alpine skier from Monaco.	Arnaud Alessandria	Monaco
country of citizenship	Gangodawila Soma Thero (24 April 1948 -- 12 December 2003) was a bhikkhu (Buddhist monk) from Sri Lanka.	Gangodawila Soma Thero	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Hu Jingyi 胡景翼 (1892--1925), Chinese general, warlord and military governor of Henan (1924--25) during the Warlord Era of China.	Hu Jingyi	China
country of citizenship	Mary Elizabeth Byrne, M.A. (July 2, 1880 -- January 19, 1931) was born in Ireland.	Mary Elizabeth Byrne	Ireland
country of citizenship	Erik Mongrain (born April 12, 1980 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian composer and guitarist.	Erik Mongrain	Canada
country of citizenship	Hortensia Blanch Pita (1914--2004) was a writer who was born in Cuba and lived in Spain and Mexico.	Hortensia Blanch Pita	Mexico
country of citizenship	Joy Alukkas is an Indian entrepreneur from Thrissur City in Kerala state of India.	Joy Alukkas	India
country of citizenship	Sarfraz Nawaz Malik (Punjabi, Urdu: سرفراز نواز ملک‎) (born 1 December 1948, Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani Test cricketer and politician who discovered reverse swing and was instrumental in Pakistan's first Test series victories over India and England.	Sarfraz Nawaz	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Otto Lindig (1881 -- 1966) was a German master potter who was a student and later a workshop manager at the famous Bauhaus art school in Weimar, Germany.	Otto Lindig	Germany
country of citizenship	Carlos Ginzburg is a conceptual artist and theoretician born in 1946 in La Plata, Argentina.	Carlos Ginzburg	Argentina
country of citizenship	Wiktor Tołkin (February 21, 1922 in Tołkacze, Poland -- May 7, 2013) was a Polish sculptor and architect.	Wiktor Tołkin	Poland
country of citizenship	Shahebzada Mohammad Ali Bogra (19 October 1909 -- 23 January 1963), also known as Mohammad Ali of Bogra, was a notable East Pakistani politician, diplomat and statesman from East Pakistan (now Bangladesh).	Mohammad Ali Bogra	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Fabián Edgardo Marcelo Pedacchio Leániz known as Fabián Pedacchio (born April 12, 1964 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a Catholic priest, known from 2013 as Personal Secretary of Pope Francis.	Fabián Pedacchio	Argentina
country of citizenship	Edmund Ho Hau Wah, GOIH, GML, GCM (Chinese: 何厚鏵; pinyin: Hé Hòuhuá; born 13 March 1955 in Macau with family roots in Panyu, Guangdong) was the first Chief Executive of the Macau Special Administrative Region (MSAR) of the People's Republic of China.	Edmund Ho	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Anaitha Nair (born 19 July 1984) is an Indian film and theatre actress and singer, best known for playing the role of Aliya Bose, a member of the Indian women's national hockey team, in the sports-oriented film Chak De India (2007), starring Shahrukh Khan.	Anaitha Nair	India
country of citizenship	Harerangi Meihana, also known as Harry Mason, is the seventh and current Tumuaki or President of the Rātana Established Church of New Zealand, and a grandson of the founder of the faith, Tahupōtiki Wiremu Rātana.	Harerangi Meihana	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Chilia (born 10 June 1978, Vanuatu) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays for Shepherds United FC as a goalkeeper.	David Chilia	Vanuatu
country of citizenship	Kasper Larsen (born 25 January 1993, Denmark) is a Danish footballer who plays as a centre back for Eredivisie side FC Groningen.	Kasper Larsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Marco Carola (born 7 February 1975, Naples, Italy) is an Italian electronic musician and DJ.	Marco Carola	Italy
country of citizenship	Łukasz Kadziewicz (born 20 September 1980), is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 2001-2009, a participant of the Olympic Games (Athens 2004, Beijing 2008), silver medalist of the World Championship 2006.	Łukasz Kadziewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Ion Gavrilă Ogoranu (January 1, 1923 - May 1, 2006) was a member of the fascist paramilitary organization The Iron Guard, who between 1948 and 1956, after the Soviet occupation of Romania, became the leader of an armed anti-communist resistance group in the Făgăraş Mountains.	Ion Gavrilă Ogoranu	Romania
country of citizenship	Danilo Popivoda (Serbian Cyrillic: Данило Попивода) (born 1 May 1947 in Lovćenac, Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian former football player of Montenegrin descent.	Danilo Popivoda	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Halit Ergenç (Turkish pronunciation: (haˈlit æɾˈɟentʃ)) (born 30 April 1970 in İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish actor.	Halit Ergenç	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mia Murano (Japanese: 邑野みあ/邑野未亜/Murano Mia, born July 22, 1986 in Otsu, Shiga, Japan) is a Japanese model and actress.	Mia Murano	Japan
country of citizenship	Herminio Feliciano Peña Aguilera (b. Silao, April 25, 1915 -- Mexico City, May 16, 1982) was a Mexican painter, and engraver.	Feliciano Peña	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kadyrbek Sarbayev (born 9 December 1966 in Bishkek) was the foreign minister of Kyrgyzstan from 2009 to 2010.	Kadyrbek Sarbayev	Kyrgyzstan
country of citizenship	Count and Burgrave Christopher Delphicus zu Dohna zu Carwinden (German: Graf und Burggraf Christoph Delphicus zu Dohna zu Carwinden; Swedish: greve Kristofer Delphicus af Dohna) (June 4, 1628 -- May 21, 1668) was a soldier and diplomat who emigrated from Prussia to Sweden, becoming a Swedish Field Marshal.	Christopher Delphicus zu Dohna	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ji Ru (Chinese: 籍孺) was a trusted personal servant of Emperor Gaozu, the founder of China's Han Dynasty.	Ji Ru	China
country of citizenship	Jacob Ellison (born 25 February 1985 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays for Fukuoka Sanix Blues in the Japanese Top League.	Jacob Ellison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henry Dangar (1796 - 1861) was a surveyor and explorer of Australia in the early period of British colonisation.	Henry Dangar	Australia
country of citizenship	Paraire Karaka Paikea (1 June 1894 -- 6 April 1943) was a New Zealand Māori politician	Paraire Karaka Paikea	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Poetry from Austria, by Gerald Jatzek and Hansjörg Zauner, Edition Ahnungen, Vienna 1985, ISBN 3-900577-01-3 Erleichterung beim Zungezeigen.	Gerald Jatzek	Austria
country of citizenship	Nicholas Hlobo is a South African artist based in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Nicholas Hlobo	South Africa
country of citizenship	Kees Kist (born August 7, 1952 in Steenwijk, Overijssel) is a retired football striker from the Netherlands.	Kees Kist	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Yuko Moriguchi (Japanese: 森口祐子, born 13 April 1955) is a Japanese professional golfer who played on the LPGA of Japan Tour and the LPGA Tour.	Yuko Moriguchi	Japan
country of citizenship	Desidario Camangyan (1952 -- 14 June 2010), also called ``Jessie'', was a radio journalist for Sunrise FM in Mati City in the southern Philippines.	Desidario Camangyan	Philippines
country of citizenship	Dubravka Zubović was born in Zagreb, Croatia, former SFR Yugoslavia where she began her voice studies at the age of 14 and was soon discovered as a young prodigy, graduating from Zagreb Academy of Music with a B.A. degree.	Dubravka Zubović	Croatia
country of citizenship	George MacLachlan (February 7, 1881 -- November 23, 1962) was a provincial level politician from Alberta, Canada.	George MacLachlan	Canada
country of citizenship	Victor Billot is a former co-leader and electoral candidate for New Zealand's Alliance party.	Victor Billot	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Silvana Arbia (born 19 November 1952 in Senise, Italy) was previously the Registrar of the International Criminal Court.	Silvana Arbia	Italy
country of citizenship	Abu Sayeed Chowdhury (January 5, 1921 - August 2, 1987) was a jurist and the second President of Bangladesh who was the first to be sworn into office.	Abu Sayeed Chowdhury	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Mika Kaurismäki's first film, The Liar (1980), was an overnight sensation, when first shown in Finland; it marked the beginning of the Kaurismäki brothers' film career and started a new era in Finnish cinema.	Mika Kaurismäki	Finland
country of citizenship	Mary Berg (October 10, 1924 - 2013) was a survivor of the Warsaw Ghetto and author of Warsaw Ghetto, which contains personal journal entries written between 10 October 1939 and 5 March 1944, during the occupation of Poland in World War II.	Mary Berg	Poland
country of citizenship	Gerrit Willem van Oosten de Bruyn (17 October 1727, Amersfoort -- 16 Juli 1797, Amersfoort), was an 18th-century lawyer from the Northern Netherlands.	Gerrit Willem van Oosten de Bruyn	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Zhang Jingfu or Zhang Jinfu (simplified Chinese: 张劲夫; traditional Chinese: 張勁夫; pinyin: Zhāng Jìngfū or Zhāng Jìnfū; 6 June 1914 -- 31 July 2015) was a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Jingfu	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Edesio Alejandro Rodríguez Salva, born on March 28, 1958, is one of Cuba's most renowned composers of electronic music for films.	Edesio Alejandro	Cuba
country of citizenship	Dagfinn Enerly (born 9 December 1972 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian former football player.	Dagfinn Enerly	Norway
country of citizenship	George Cutfield (1799--1879) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 31 December 1853 to 18 March 1854, when he resigned; and 16 February 1858 to 10 April 1867, when he again resigned.	George Cutfield	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Virginia da Cunha (born 15 June 1981, in Cordoba, Argentina) is an Argentine singer-songwriter, composer and actress.	Virginia da Cunha	Argentina
country of citizenship	Elisabeth Waldheim (née Ritschel) (born 13 April 1922) is the widow of Kurt Waldheim, the former UN Secretary-General and President of Austria.	Elisabeth Waldheim	Austria
country of citizenship	Felix Laband is an electronic music artist born in 1977 in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.	Felix Laband	South Africa
country of citizenship	John I Albert (Polish: Jan I Olbracht) (27 December 1459 -- 17 June 1501) was King of Poland (1492--1501) and Duke of Głogów (1491--1498).	John I Albert	Poland
country of citizenship	Dorothea Rockburne (born c.1932 in Montreal, Canada) is an abstract painter drawing inspiration primarily from her deep interest in mathematics and astronomy.	Dorothea Rockburne	Canada
country of citizenship	Oliver Duff, OBE (28 May 1883 -- 2 March 1967) was a New Zealand writer, and editor.	Oliver Duff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek the Younger or Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek (II) (January 29, 1873 -- May 30, 1944) was a Netherlands painter from the Netherlands.	Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek the Younger	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Isaias Matiaba (Greek: Ησαΐας Ματιάμπα) (born December 18, 1983 in Ioannina, Greece) is a Greek singer-songwriter.	Isaias Matiaba	Greece
country of citizenship	Johann Flierl was born in rural Germany, near Buchhof, a tiny farmstead (with three houses), near Fürried, in the vicinity of Sulzbach, in the Oberpfalz, Kingdom of Bavaria.	Johann Flierl	Germany
country of citizenship	Shakeel Ahmad (born 2 January 1956) was a member of the 12th and 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Shakeel Ahmad	India
country of citizenship	Soni Sori (born c. 1975) is an Adivasi school teacher turned political leader in Sameli village of Dantewada in south Bastar, Chhattisgarh, India.	Soni Sori	India
country of citizenship	The San Francisco Weekly cites 1995 research by a Berkeley graduate student in journalism which says Ching Hai was born Hue Dang Trinh to a Vietnamese mother and an ethnic Chinese father, on 12 May 1950 in a small village in the Quảng Ngãi Province in Vietnam.	Ching Hai	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Mohammad Reza Zonuzi Motlagh (Persian: محمدرضا زنوزی مطلق‎, was born 1967 in Tabriz, East Azerbaijan) is an Iranian businessman, shareholder, director and owner of several manufacturing, service, banking and sport clubs in Iran.	Mohammad Reza Zonuzi	Iran
country of citizenship	Ricardo Roberto Francia is an Argentinian musician, cellist, and music arranger, born on May 20, 1932 in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Ricardo Roberto Francia	Argentina
country of citizenship	Group Captain Joseph Orji NDA Regular course 11 was appointed the first Military Governor of Gombe State, Nigeria after it was formed in October 1996 from part of Bauchi State during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Joseph Orji	Nigeria
country of citizenship	The Yongli Emperor (Chinese: 永曆; 1623--1662; reigned 18 November 1646 -- 1 June 1662), personal name Zhu Youlang, was the fourth and last emperor of the Southern Ming dynasty of China.	Zhu Youlang	China
country of citizenship	Richard Larter (19 May 1929 -- 25 July 2014) was an Australian painter, often identified as one of Australia's few highly recognisable pop artists.	Richard Larter	Australia
country of citizenship	Sandhurst Tacama Miggins (born April 24, 1986 in Tobago, Trinidad & Tobago), is a fashion model best known as a contestant and 1st runner-up of the show Make Me a Supermodel, Season 2.	Sandhurst Tacama Miggins	Trinidad & Tobago
country of citizenship	Arvid Hansen (1 March 1916 -- 13 February 1945) was a Norwegian resistance member who was executed during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.	Arvid Hansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Ivan Čičmanec ( born 21. August 1942, Bratislava, Slovakia) is a Slovak writer, poet, essayist and translator.	Ivan Čičmanec	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Maurizio Marchetto (born February 13, 1956) is a former ice speed skater from Italy, who represented his native country in three consecutive Winter Olympics, starting in 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria.	Maurizio Marchetto	Italy
country of citizenship	Manuel García Luna (Born January 11, 1984 in Mexico City) is a Mexican professional soccer player.	Manuel García Luna	Mexico
country of citizenship	Scott Fuglistaller (born 16 April 1987) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer.	Scott Fuglistaller	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alan Wills (born 3 August 1981, Cumbria) is an athlete from the United Kingdom.	Alan Wills	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Petteri Summanen (born 20 March 1969 in Säkylä, Satakunta, Finland) is a Finnish actor and screenwriter.	Petteri Summanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Fredrik K.B. is a Norwegian sculptor (born 1978 in Oslo, Norway) living and working nearby Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Fredrik K.B.	Norway
country of citizenship	Peter Martin Orla Lehmann (15 May 1810 -- 13 September 1870) was a Danish statesman, a key figure in the development of Denmark's parliamentary government.	Orla Lehmann	Denmark
country of citizenship	Rıfat Ilgaz (7 May 1911 -- 7 July 1993) was a poet who was born in Cide, in the Kastamonu Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire (present-day Turkey).	Rıfat Ilgaz	Turkey
country of citizenship	George Skeffington Connor, QC (1810 -- April 29, 1863) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Canada West.	George Skeffington Connor	Canada
country of citizenship	Bal Kudtarkar is a radio personality from All India Radio, Mumbai.	Bal Kudtarkar	India
country of citizenship	Alessandra Mirka Gatti (born Alessandra Gatti, 19 November 1969, in Mantua, Italy) is an Italian Eurobeat singer who is popularly known by her stage name of Domino.	Alessandra Mirka Gatti	Italy
country of citizenship	Ifa Muaza claimed to have left his home in Nigeria because members of the proscribed Islamist group Boko Haram threatened to kill him if he did not join them.	Ifa Muaza	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Wanasthana Sajakul, also known as Big Hoy (former name: Thawatchai Sajakul) is a Thai politician and former member of parliament, former manager for the Thailand national football team from 1993 to 1996, and manager of Thailand Premier League side Chula-Sinthana FC.	Wanasthana Sajakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Reinhold Rudenberg was born in Hanover, Germany to a family of Jewish descent.	Reinhold Rudenberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Colonel Muhammadu Abdullahi Wase (died June 1996) was military administrator of Kano State in Nigeria from December 1993 --	Muhammadu Abdullahi Wase	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Tony Angiboust (born 10 June 1983 in Chamonix, France) is an internationally elite curler from France.	Tony Angiboust	France
country of citizenship	Maulana Abdul Bari Nadvi was born in 1886 in the Barabanki district near Lucknow in the UP Province of India.	Abdul Bari Nadvi	India
country of citizenship	Davies founded Siobhan Davies Dance Company, a contemporary dance company in the United Kingdom, in 1988.	Siobhan Davies	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Angela Slatter is an award-winning writer based in Brisbane, Australia.	Angela Slatter	Australia
country of citizenship	Yves Mersch (born 1 October 1949 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgian jurist and lawyer who served as Governor of the Central Bank of Luxembourg from the bank's formation in 1998 until 2012 and as a member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank since 2012.	Yves Mersch	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	In the iconoclastic fever of the May 1968 events in France, René Gsell was criticized as a representative of old-style, retrograde scholarship and had to discontinue his teaching in Grenoble.	René Gsell	France
country of citizenship	Somsavat Lengsavad (born 1945) is a deputy prime minister of Laos.	Somsavat Lengsavad	Laos
country of citizenship	Martin Akakia (1500-1551) was a physician of King Francis I of France.	Martin Akakia	France
country of citizenship	Born in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava, Basque Country, Spain, Koldo played his entire career in the country.	Koldo	Spain
country of citizenship	Francis Alexander McMinn (10 November 1874 -- 8 August 1947), usually known as Alex or Paddy McMinn was a New Zealand rugby union player.	Paddy McMinn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Davide Perino (born July 21, 1981 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian actor and dubber, the most representative of the sixth generation of dubbing.	Davide Perino	Italy
country of citizenship	Competing with over half a million applicants, Mohammad Khorrami ranked first in national university entrance exams (konkoor-e sarasari) of 1984 in Iran.	Mohammad Khorrami	Iran
country of citizenship	Raywat Meerian is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Raywat Meerian	Thailand
country of citizenship	Born in Jos, Nigeria, Francis Ikechukwu grew up with well-known players from Jos such as John Obi Mikel and Obinna Nsofor.	Francis Ikechukwu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mohammad-Ali Ramin (born 1954 in Dezful, Iran) is an Iranian politician, political analyst and writer who served as the Deputy Minister of Culture and a presidential advisor under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.	Mohammad-Ali Ramin	Iran
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Lê Nguyên Khang (11 June 1931 -- 12 November 1996 ) was a Marine Commander of the Republic of Vietnam Marine Corps for South Vietnam.	Lê Nguyên Khang	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Darren Rameka is a New Zealand former rugby league player who played professionally in Australia.	Darren Rameka	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Bwacha is a Nigerian politician who was elected to the Senate for the Taraba South constituency of Taraba State, Nigeria, in the April 2011 federal elections.	Emmanuel Bwacha	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jean-Philippe Durand (born 11 November 1960, in Lyon, France) is a former football player.	Jean-Philippe Durand	France
country of citizenship	Melitón Manzanas González (1906 in Donostia-San Sebastián - 1968) was a high-ranking police officer in Francoist Spain, known as a torturer and the first planned victim of ETA.	Melitón Manzanas	Spain
country of citizenship	Silvija Nedeljković (Serbian: Силвија Недељковић) (born March 26, 1984 in Belgrade, Serbia, then SFRY) is a contestant on the second season of Serbian Idol and on the third season of Zvezde Granda.	Silvija Nedeljković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Sir James Blindell (1884 -- 10 May 1937) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom, who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Holland with Boston from 1929 until his death.	James Blindell	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Denis Retaillé (born 1953, Mayenne, France) is a Professor of Geography at the University of Bordeaux III and the Director of the CNRS ADES Research Unit, UMR 5186.	Denis Retaillé	France
country of citizenship	In France, the inquiry into the misinformation about the history of Ukraine conducted in 2001 by Iaroslav Lebedynsky and his colleague Iryna Dmytrychyn, led to the creation of the collection, Présence Ukrainienne.	Iaroslav Lebedynsky	France
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General James Hamilton, 4th Duke of Hamilton and 1st Duke of Brandon KG KT (11 April 1658 -- 15 November 1712) was a Scottish nobleman, the Premier Peer of Scotland and Keeper of the Palace of Holyroodhouse.	James Hamilton, 4th Duke of Hamilton	Scotland
country of citizenship	Gabriel Tschumi (1883--27 April 1957) was a native of Switzerland who served as Master Chef to three British monarchs - Queen Victoria, King Edward VII and King George V.	Gabriel Tschumi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Karn Jit Budhathoki (Nepali: करणजीत बुडाथोकी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Karn Jit Budhathoki	Nepal
country of citizenship	Barbara Rittner (born 25 April 1973) is a former professional tennis player who comes from Germany.	Barbara Rittner	Germany
country of citizenship	Anders Johan Sjögren, also spelled Andreas Johan Sjögren, May 8, 1794 Iitti, Finland --	Anders Johan Sjögren	Finland
country of citizenship	Heremia Te Wake (c.1830s -- 29 November 1918) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, farmer, assessor and catechist.	Heremia Te Wake	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tilman Baumgärtel (born 1966, Würzburg, Bavaria, Germany) is a German author, media theorist and journalist.	Tilman Baumgärtel	Germany
country of citizenship	Jake Ootes (born August 5, 1942) is a retired territorial level politician and newspaper and magazine publisher from Northwest Territories, Canada.	Jake Ootes	Canada
country of citizenship	Anwar Adnan Saleh (born 1948) is the current Governor of West Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Anwar Adnan Saleh	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Prince Pedro Henrique of Orléans-Braganza (Portuguese: Pedro Henrique Afonso Felipe Maria Miguel Gabriel Rafael Gonzaga de Orléans e Bragança; 13 September 1909 -- 5 July 1981), was a great-grandson of the last emperor of Brazil, Pedro II, and one of two claimants to the abolished throne.	Prince Pedro Henrique of Orléans-Braganza	Brazil
country of citizenship	William Soltau Davidson (15 June 1846- 17 July 1924) was the New Zealand pioneer of refrigerated shipping.	William Soltau Davidson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aamir Saleem (Punjabi, Urdu: عامر سلیم‎, born 20 February in Multan, Pakistan) is a Pakistani musician, composer, songwriter, singer who had numerous hits in the early 91 such as ``Woh Taron Bhari'' & ``C.B. Chali Ana''.	Aamir Saleem	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Marzieh Rasouli is an Iranian journalist who writes about culture and the arts for several of Iran's reformist and independent publications.	Marzieh Rasouli	Iran
country of citizenship	Mishael Cheshin (Hebrew: מישאל חשין‎‎; February 16, 1936 -- September 19, 2015) was an Israeli Justice who served in the Supreme Court of Israel from 1992 to 2006.	Mishael Cheshin	Israel
country of citizenship	Lưu Quang Minh (born 18 May 1988) is a writer and singer from Vietnam.	Lưu Quang Minh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Baron Samu Hazai (German: Samuel Freiherr von Hazai, 26 December 1851 -- 10 February 1942) was a Hungarian military officer and politician of Jewish origin, who served as Minister of Defence of Hungary between 1910 and 1917.	Samu Hazai	Hungary
country of citizenship	Justice (R) Majida Rizvi (Urdu: ماجدہ رضوی‎) is the first woman judge of a High Court in Pakistan.	Majida Rizvi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Peeter Torop (born November 28, 1950 in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian semiotician.	Peeter Torop	Estonia
country of citizenship	Carl Zeus Issariotis (born June 26, 1981 in Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian figure skater who currently represents Greece internationally.	Zeus Issariotis	Greece
country of citizenship	Pierre Beuchot was born in 1938 in Les Pavillons-sous-Bois, near Paris, France.	Pierre Beuchot	France
country of citizenship	Robert Philip Temple (born 1939 in Yorkshire, England) is a Dunedin-based New Zealand author of novels, children's stories, and non-fiction.	Philip Temple	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jeremy Mercer (born 1971 in Ottawa, Canada) is an author and journalist whose books include Time Was Soft There (St. Martin's Press, New York, 2005) and When the Guillotine Fell (St. Martin's Press, New York, 2008).	Jeremy Mercer	Canada
country of citizenship	Klark Kent (born 1973 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a graffiti artist and music producer.	Klark Kent	Germany
country of citizenship	Swami Chinmayanand (born 3 March 1947) is a former union minister state of India.	Swami Chinmayanand	India
country of citizenship	Josef Kumbela (born 1958) is an actor and filmmaker from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who has won awards for his acting.	Josef Kumbela	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Kjetil Saunes (born 22 October 1962 in Ulsteinvik, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (bass), composer and songwriter raised in, and still residing in, Oslo.	Kjetil Saunes	Norway
country of citizenship	Donato Giuseppe Frisoni (1683-1785) was an Italian architect active during the Rococo period in Northern Italy, Southern Germany, and Bohemia.	Donato Giuseppe Frisoni	Italy
country of citizenship	The combined Mané Garrincha is common among fans in Brazil.	Garrincha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Vladislav Mikhailovich Topalov (Russian: Владислав Михайлович Топалов; born 25 October 1985) better known like just Vlad Topalov (Влад Топалов) is a singer, dancer and actor born in Moscow, Russia.	Vlad Topalov	Russia
country of citizenship	Dušan Tittel (born 27 December 1966) is a former footballer from Slovakia, who played internationally for Czechoslovakia (11 caps) and Slovakia (44 caps, 7 goals).	Dušan Tittel	Slovakia	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Judith Auer (née Vallentin) (19 September 1905 -- 27 October 1944) was a resistance fighter against the Nazi régime in Germany.	Judith Auer	Germany
country of citizenship	Bogdan Barbu (born 27 May 1980 in Braşov) is a rally driver from Romania.	Bogdan Barbu	Romania
country of citizenship	Valérie Donzelli is born in Épinal (France).	Valérie Donzelli	France
country of citizenship	In 1983 Sigmund Widmer initiated a parliamentary motion to establish the Historical Dictionary of Switzerland.	Sigmund Widmer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Giannis Kalatzis (Greek: Γιάννης Καλατζής, born 29 April 1943) is a Greek singer who was especially popular in Greece in the late 1960s and the first half of the 1970s.	Giannis Kalatzis	Greece
country of citizenship	Helen Lilian Shaw (1913--1985) was a notable New Zealand short-story writer, poet and editor.	Helen Lilian Shaw	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Micki Meuser (born in Alsdorf, near Aachen, Germany), also known as Mickey Meuser (real name Hans-Georg Meuser), is a German bass player, studio musician and music producer for bands such as Die Ärzte, Ideal, Ina Deter, Lemonbabies, among others.	Micki Meuser	Germany
country of citizenship	Bevan Spencer von Einem (born c. 1945), also known as Bevan von Einem, is a convicted child murderer from Adelaide, South Australia and suspected serial killer.	Bevan Spencer von Einem	Australia
country of citizenship	In 633, during the Muslim invasion of Iran, the Muslims destroyed Amghishiya, an important military post near al-Hira, which Azadbeh saw of much importance.	Azadbeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Dharam Dass Shastri (born 10 March 1937 in Hyderabad, Sindh, (now in Pakistan)) is politician from Delhi, India.	Dharam Dass Shastri	India
country of citizenship	Jorge Cortez (born September 4, 1972 in Panama City, Panama) is a baseball pitcher who is perhaps most notable for being on Panama's roster in the 2006 World Baseball Classic and the 2009 World Baseball Classic.	Jorge Cortez	Panama
country of citizenship	Cristina Serafini was born in Turin, Italy, the only child of a housewife and a pizza maker.	Cristina Serafini	Italy
country of citizenship	Bassim Abbas Gatea Al-Ogaili (Arabic: باسم عباس كاطع العجيلي‎; born July 1, 1982 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi professional footballer who plays as a left back for Al-Shorta.	Bassim Abbas	Iraq
country of citizenship	Marco Bliggensdorfer better known as Bligg (born September 30, 1976 in Schwamendingen) is a rapper from Zurich, Switzerland.	Bligg	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Marko Ćetković (Cyrillic; Mapкo Ћeткoвић, born 10 July 1986 in Podgorica) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga as well as the Montenegro national team.	Marko Ćetković	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Myslim Peza (1 May 1897 in Pezë -- 1984 in Tirana) was a distinguished World War 2 veteran who led the anti-fascist movement ``Çeta e Pezës'' the members of which founded the Communist Party of Albania.	Myslim Peza	Albania
country of citizenship	Prof. Dr. Thomas Schuster, born in Germany, is professor of economics at the Baden-Württemberg Cooperative State University Mannheim.	Thomas Schuster	Germany
country of citizenship	Douglas Bryce Rope (11 February 1923 -- 2 March 2013) was the coach of the New Zealand rugby union team from 1983 to 1984.	Bryce Rope	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frans Hjalmar Nortamo (better known as Hj. Nortamo, also known as Nordling, June 13, 1860 in Rauma -- November 30, 1931 in Pori) was a writer and a medical doctor who is usually associated with Rauma, Finland, although he also lived in other, neighboring towns and municipalities.	Frans Hjalmar Nortamo	Finland
country of citizenship	He Jin (died 189), courtesy name Suigao, was the elder half-brother of Empress He, consort to Emperor Ling of the late Eastern Han Dynasty in China.	He Jin	China
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ali Yahyavi Kalkhoran (Persian: محمدعلی یحیوی کلخوران‎, born 22 March 1962 in Iran) is an Iranian football Goalkeeper who played for Iran national football team and Esteghlal FC.	Mohammad Ali Yahyavi	Iran
country of citizenship	Bibit Waluyo is the governor of Indonesia's Central Java province for 2008-2013 term.	Bibit Waluyo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Dina Tersago (born 3 January 1979 in Puurs, Antwerp) was Miss Belgium 2001 and her country's representative at both Miss Universe 2001 and Miss World 2001.	Dina Tersago	Belgium
country of citizenship	Born in Russia, Dina Parakhina studied at the Moscow Central School of Music with Tamara Bobovich and later at the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory with Yevgeny Malinin.	Dina Parakhina	Russia
country of citizenship	James Rolleston (born 8 June 1997) is a New Zealand actor known for the films Boy and The Dark Horse.	James Rolleston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Renata Kolbovic (born July 30, 1976) is a former tennis player, who was born in Czechoslovakia but competed for Canada.	Renata Kolbovic	Canada
country of citizenship	Osman Nuri Topbaş (born in 1942) is a Turkish Sufi master and author who lives in Istanbul, Turkey.	Osman Nuri Topbaş	Turkey
country of citizenship	Daniel Kovac (born 27 September 1956 in Črna na Koroškem, Yugoslavia (now Slovenia)) is a Slovenian singer, best known for his participation in the 1990 Eurovision Song Contest.	Daniel Kovac	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Louis de Caullery in the RKD Louis de Caullery at the Netherlands Institute for Art History Louis de Caullery on Artnet	Louis de Caullery	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jarlath McDonagh (born 1 June 1945) is a Fine Gael politician from County Galway in Ireland.	Jarlath McDonagh	Ireland
country of citizenship	Raja Sen (Born 10 November 1955) is an Indian film and television director, and the winner of three National Film Awards from Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Raja Sen	India
country of citizenship	Caroline Ada Seville (1874--1955) was a notable New Zealand nurse, hospital matron and community leader .	Caroline Ada Seville	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fernando Guzmán Solórzano (30 May 1812 Tipitapa -- 19 October 1891 Granada) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1867 to 1 March 1871.	Fernando Guzmán Solórzano	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Loes Markerink (born 14 December 1985 in Delfzijl) is a former road cyclist from the Netherlands.	Loes Markerink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Rouwaida Attieh (Arabic: رويدا عطية‎‎) is a Syrian vocalist, born in Talklakh, Syria, 40 kilometers from Homs (ancient Emesa).	Rouwaida Attieh	Syria
country of citizenship	Jakko Jan Leeuwangh (born 9 September 1972) is a former speed skater from the Netherlands.	Jakko Jan Leeuwangh	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Since the age of 15, O-Jay was involved in the upcoming Hip hop Movement in Germany.	O-Jay	Germany
country of citizenship	Sangita Dabir (Devanagari: संगीता दबीर; born 22 January 1971) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Sangita Dabir	India
country of citizenship	Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia (Serbian Cyrillic: Андреј Карађорђевић; 28 June 1929 -- 7 May 1990) was born in Bled, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, subsequently Kingdom of Yugoslavia, now Slovenia.	Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia	Kingdom of Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Malamine Koné (December 21, 1971 in Niéna, Mali) is a Malian and French entrepreneur.	Malamine Koné	Mali
country of citizenship	Aleksandra Sarchadjieva (Bulgarian: Александра Сърчаджиева) (born May 20, 1983 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian actress and also television host of Big Brother (Bulgaria) and Dancing Stars (Bulgarian TV series).	Aleksandra Sarchadjieva	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	John Halliday Scott (28 December 1851 -- 25 February 1914) was a notable New Zealand university professor, artist and medical school dean.	John Halliday Scott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Xavier Dupré is a typeface designer born in Aubenas (Ardèche), France in 1977.	Xavier Dupré	France
country of citizenship	James McKerrow FRAS (7 July 1834 -- 29 June 1919) was an astronomer, Surveyor-General of New Zealand, and Chief Commissioner of Railways in New Zealand.	James McKerrow	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Karl Topia was an Albanian feudal prince and warlord, who between them ruled Albania from the middle of the 14th century until the Ottoman conquest.	Karl Topia	Albania
country of citizenship	Rune Sola (born 1985) is a Norwegian motorcycle speedway rider who rode in 2004 Speedway Grand Prix of Norway.	Rune Sola	Norway
country of citizenship	John Mark Totich (1882--1957) was a notable New Zealand gum-digger, boarding-house keeper, community leader and consul.	John Mark Totich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sandy Chan Wing Suet (also Chan Wing Suet, or Sandy Chan Chinese: 陳詠雪; pinyin: Chén Yǒngxuě; Jyutping: can4 wing6 syut3; born September 26, 1986) is a Hong Kong former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Chan Wing Suet	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Matt Redman (born 14 February 1974) is an English Christian worship leader, singer-songwriter and author based in Brighton, East Sussex, United Kingdom.	Matt Redman	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jules Dove Attia (Arabic: جول دوف عطية) better known as Dove Attia (born in Tunisia on 8 June 1957) is an musical producer television personality.	Dove Attia	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Venerable Sergius of Radonezh (Russian: Се́ргий Ра́донежский, Sergii Radonezhsky; 14 May 1314 -- 25 September 1392), also transliterated as Sergey Radonezhsky or Serge of Radonezh, was a spiritual leader and monastic reformer of medieval Russia.	Sergius of Radonezh	Russia
country of citizenship	Joaquín Vallejo Arbeláez (2 October 1912 -- 31 December 2005) was a Colombian civil engineer, businessman and writer who served as 12th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations, and held various ministries during the Military Junta and the National Front in Colombia.	Joaquín Vallejo Arbeláez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Francisco Luis Urquizo Benavides (21 June 1891, San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila -- 6 April 1969, Mexico City) was a Mexican soldier, revolutionary general, writer and historian.	Francisco Luis Urquizo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lia van Leer (Hebrew: ליה ון ליר‎, née Greenberg; August 8, 1924 - March 13, 2015) was a pioneer in the field of art film programming and film archiving in Israel.	Lia van Leer	Israel
country of citizenship	Sherisse Stevens (b. Sherisse Laurence, Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada) is a singer and entertainer.	Sherisse Stevens	Canada
country of citizenship	Ulla Koivuranta (born 19 March 1959 Vaasa, Finland) is a Finnish actress.	Ulla Koivuranta	Finland
country of citizenship	Đoàn Minh Phượng (b. Saigon, South Vietnam, 1956) is a noted film director from Vietnam.	Đoàn Minh Phượng	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Zhu Youyuan (Chinese: 朱祐杬) (22 July 1476 -- 13 July 1519), a prince of the Ming dynasty of China.	Zhu Youyuan	China
country of citizenship	Alhaji Isa Ibrahim Bio (born April 1957) was appointed by President Umaru Yar'Adua as Nigeria's Minister of Transportation on 17 December 2008.	Ibrahim Bio	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Willem Pieter Hoevenaar (1808, Utrecht -- 1863, Utrecht), was a 19th-century painter, draughtsman, lithographer and watercolor artist from the Northern Netherlands.	Willem Pieter Hoevenaar	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mindaugas Ežerskis (born August 2, 1977 in Tauragė) is a three-time Olympic wrestler from Lithuania, who competed for the heavyweight division and wrestling coach.	Mindaugas Ežerskis	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Roger Melin (born April 25, 1956 in Enköping, Sweden) is a Swedish ice hockey coach and former player, who has been head coach of Linköping HC of the SHL since 2012.	Roger Melin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Soleyman Binafard (Persian: سلیمان بینافرد‎; born 1933) is a former Iranian sport wrestler who holds the distinction of being the only Jew in Iran to join Iran's national wrestling team.	Soleyman Binafard	Iran
country of citizenship	Zsigmond was born in Szeged, Hungary, the son of Bozena (née Illichman), an administrator, and Vilmos Zsigmond, a celebrated soccer player and coach.	Vilmos Zsigmond	Hungary
country of citizenship	Molvi Muhammad Hussain Batalvi (c.1840-1920) was a notable Ahl al-Hadith religious scholar of 19th Century Punjab (British India) and editor of the magazine the Isha-atu-Sunnah.	Molvi Muhammad Hussain Batalvi	India
country of citizenship	Kurt Dopfer is an Austrian-born Swiss economist, since 1980 Professor at the Department of Economics of University of St. Gallen, Switzerland, chair of international economics and development theory, Co-director of Institute of Economics, member University Senate, Emeritus, researcher of Swiss National Science Foundation.	Kurt Dopfer	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Roman Friedli (born 13 March 1979 in Kathmandu, Nepal) is a Swiss football player.	Roman Friedli	Nepal
country of citizenship	Sarazino (born Lamine Fellah, 3 March 1970 in Constantine, Algeria) is an Algerian musician, songwriter and record producer, who first created the Sarazino project in 1995 while living in Montreal, Canada.	Sarazino	Algeria
country of citizenship	Miguel Alessio Robles is a lawyer, notary public, public official, and professor in law in Mexico.	Miguel Alessio Robles	Mexico
country of citizenship	Sohn Kyung-han (born 22 March 1951) is a defence attorney and law professor based in Seoul, South Korea.	Sohn Kyung-han	South Korea
country of citizenship	Alfred Dampier (1843 -- 23 May 1908) was an English-born actor-manager and playwright, active in Australia.	Alfred Dampier	Australia
country of citizenship	Cesar Acevedo (born 5 September 1953) is a retired football player from El Salvador and currently head coach of Nuevo San Sebastian.	Cesar Acevedo	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Paul Harather (born March 30, 1965 in Mödling, Lower Austria) is an Austrian film director, producer and screenplay author.	Paul Harather	Austria
country of citizenship	Belisario Mattera was an Italian musician and mandolin virtuoso who is recorded as the first mandolinist to give instruction on his instrument (in 1873) to the Princess Margherita of the Royal family of Italy.	Belisario Mattera	Italy
country of citizenship	Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin (Marie Émilie Thérèse; 2 August 1670 -- 1732) was a French lady-in-waiting, the lover and later the morganatic spouse of Louis, Dauphin of France.	Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin	France
country of citizenship	Ahmad Toukan (Ahmad Tuqan) (15 August 1903--1981) was a Jordanian political leader of Palestinian descent who was the Prime Minister of Jordan from 26 September 1970 to 28 October 1970.	Ahmad Toukan	Jordan
country of citizenship	James Muspratt (12 August 1793 -- 4 May 1886) was a British chemical manufacturer who was the first to make alkali by the Leblanc process on a large scale in the United Kingdom.	James Muspratt	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Patrick Chamusso (born in 1949 in Mozambique) is a member of the African National Congress party of South Africa who participated in the militant actions of the organization during the apartheid era.	Patrick Chamusso	South Africa
country of citizenship	Flavius Sigisvultus (fl. 427--448) was a general of the late Western Roman Empire.	Sigisvultus	Western Roman Empire
country of citizenship	nHis former club was FC Artmedia Bratislava and previously the Slovakia national football team Early life Miroslav Hýll was born in Žilina, Slovakia on 20 September 1973.	Miroslav Hýll	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Mikołaj II Radziwiłł (Lithuanian: Mikalojus Radvila) (1470--1521) was a magnate and statesman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.	Mikołaj II Radziwiłł	Grand Duchy of Lithuania
country of citizenship	José Lino Vargas was born on 6 March 1930 in Pichilemu, in current Cardenal Caro Province, Region of O'Higgins, Chile.	José Lino Vargas	Chile
country of citizenship	Agapios Salomon Naoum, BS (born on 1 August 1882 in Wadi Ed Deir, Lebanon - died on May 1, 1967) was Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Tyre in Lebanon.	Agapios Salomon Naoum	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Adolph Fischer was born in Bremen, Germany and attended school there for eight years.	Adolph Fischer	Germany
country of citizenship	Derek Carpenter (born 26 July 1988) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as either a first five-eighth or a centre.	Derek Carpenter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ugo Nastrucci (born 14 December 1953 in Milan, Italy) is a lutenist, theorbist, and composer.	Ugo Nastrucci	Italy
country of citizenship	John Purcell Dickie (born 14 July 1874) was a Liberal Party (later National Liberal) politician in the United Kingdom.	John Purcell Dickie	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Josiane Kartheiser (born 28 November 1950) is a Luxembourg journalist, novelist and children's writer.	Josiane Kartheiser	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Yasuhiro Kido (Japanese: 城戸康裕; born December 25, 1982) is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer competing in K-1 MAX. He is 2008 K-1 World MAX Japan tournament champion.	Yasuhiro Kido	Japan
country of citizenship	Admiral Ramón Castro Jijón (15 November 1915 -- 1 November 1984) was President of Ecuador 11 July 1963 to 29 March 1966.	Ramón Castro Jijón	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Born in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, Stokely Carmichael moved to Harlem, in New York, New York, in 1952 at the age of eleven, to rejoin his parents.	Stokely Carmichael	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Jesusa Rodríguez (born 1955, Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican director, actress, playwright, performance artist, and social activist.	Jesusa Rodríguez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Leone Wollemborg and a group of about 30 farm workers and small landowners founded Italy's first cooperative bank in Loreggia in 1883.	Leone Wollemborg	Italy
country of citizenship	Nicole Petignat (born on October 27, 1966 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland) is a Swiss former football referee.	Nicole Petignat	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Every two years the Otto Naegeli Prize for the promotion of medical research is awarded to a scientist working in Switzerland who has made outstanding contributions to biomedical and/or clinical research and is likely to continue doing so.	Otto Naegeli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Nydia Quintero Turbay (born 28 August 1932) is the ex-wife of the 25th President of Colombia, Julio César Turbay Ayala, and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1978 to 1982 when they were still married.	Nydia Quintero Turbay	Colombia
country of citizenship	Alessandro Ferreira Leonardo (born 10 March 1987), commonly known as Sandro (Chinese: 辛祖), is a Brazil-born Hong Kong football player who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Kitchee and the Hong Kong national team.	Alessandro Ferreira Leonardo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Yasmeen Ismail (28 March 1950, Rawalpindi - 18 January 2002, Karachi) was a noted television actress and theatre director from Pakistan.	Yasmeen Ismail	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Noeline Gourley was a New Zealand hurdler.	Noeline Gourley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Odysseas Angelis (Greek: Οδυσσέας Αγγελής, 1912--1987) was Vice-President of Greece in 1973, during the ``republican'' period of the military junta of 1967--1974.	Odysseas Angelis	Greece
country of citizenship	Horst Mandl (born January 8, 1936 in Graz, Steiermark, Austria) is an Austrian athlete.	Horst Mandl	Austria
country of citizenship	Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng (born 1950) is a Ghanaian physician and cardiothoracic surgeon who established the National Cardiothoracic Center and the Ghana Red Cross Society.	Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng	Ghana
country of citizenship	Born an ethnic German-Jewish in Prague on March 15, 1908, Kurt Baum attended high school in Cologne, Germany where his father did business and attended medical school at the University of Prague.	Kurt Baum	Germany
country of citizenship	Enes Fermino (born 29 May 1987 in Democratic Republic of the Congo) Congolese footballer who also has Swiss nationality.	Enes Fermino	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Gernot Grabher (born 13 April 1960 in Dornbirn, Austria) is an economic geographer and Professor of Urban and Regional Economic Studies at the HafenCity University Hamburg.	Gernot Grabher	Austria
country of citizenship	Artur Schnabel never returned to Germany or Austria after the war.	Artur Schnabel	Austria
country of citizenship	Beatriz Ferrer-Salat Serra de Migui (born March 11, 1966) is an equestrian from Spain who competes internationally in the sport of dressage.	Beatriz Ferrer-Salat	Spain
country of citizenship	Bence Lenzsér (born on April 9, 1996 in Győr, Hungary) is a Hungarian footballer.	Bence Lenzsér	Hungary
country of citizenship	Prawit Prariwanta (Thai: ประวิทย์ ปะริวันตา, born September 9, 1983) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Prawit Prariwanta	Thailand
country of citizenship	Archibald Livingstone (August 10, 1827 -- October 10, 1890) was a merchant and politician in Ontario, Canada.	Archibald Livingstone	Canada
country of citizenship	Zsolt Gáspár (born May 17, 1977 in Budapest) is a butterfly swimmer from Hungary, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 2000.	Zsolt Gáspár	Hungary
country of citizenship	Maharaj Shri Ranvirsinhji (7 October 1919 -- 4 April 1962), a member of the Jamnagar royal family, played first-class cricket in India from 1936 to 1952.	Ranvirsinhji	India
country of citizenship	Enrico Lorenzo Macam Pineda, better known by his screen name Enzo Pineda (born August 12, 1990 in Quezon City, Philippines), is a finalist in the fifth season of GMA Network's StarStruck V.	Enzo Pineda	Philippines
country of citizenship	Mirko Kovats (born 3 August 1948) is an Austrian investor mainly known for his role as founder, majority owner (indirectly, through his private foundation known as ``MUST'') and chairman of the Austrian Traded Index listed company A-TEC Industries, one of the largest industrial groups in Austria.	Mirko Kovats	Austria
country of citizenship	Frankie Sheahan (born August 27, 1976 in Toronto, Canada) is a retired Hooker and played for Munster from 1996 up to the end of the 2008--09 season, and also for the Ireland where he gained 29 caps, having made his debut on June 10, 2000.	Frankie Sheahan	Canada
country of citizenship	Christian Cambas is a DJ and producer based in Athens, Greece.	Christian Cambas	Greece
country of citizenship	Manuel Blanco Romasanta (18 November 1809 -- 14 December 1863) is Spain's first documented serial killer .	Manuel Blanco Romasanta	Spain
country of citizenship	Hiroyasu Shimizu (清水宏保 in Japanese, born 27 February 1974 in Obihiro, Hokkaidō, Japan) is a Japanese speed skater.	Hiroyasu Shimizu	Japan
country of citizenship	On the anniversary of his birth in 2007, Germany honoured Paul Klinger with a commemorative postage stamp that had a print-run of ten million.	Paul Klinger	Germany
country of citizenship	Vincent Delpuech was born on April 5, 1888 in Port-de-Bouc, a village in Provence, Southern France.	Vincent Delpuech	France
country of citizenship	Katri Rosendahl (born November 1984), is a Finnish endurance rider from Hyvinkää in southern Finland.	Katri Rosendahl	Finland
country of citizenship	Yash Gera (born 25 May 1986) is a model, actor, anchor and DJ (disc jockey) from New Delhi(India).	Yash Gera	India
country of citizenship	Erin O'Hara (born 23 September 1983) is a former professional triathlete and kundalini yoga teacher from New Zealand.	Erin O'Hara	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tilman Esslinger received his PhD in physics from the University of Munich and the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics, Germany, in 1995.	Tilman Esslinger	Germany
country of citizenship	Kumara Wendakoon is a volleyball player,coach and currently the Head Coach of the Sri Lanka men's national volleyball team.	Kumara Wendakoon	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Cüneyt Vicil (born January 4, 1980 in La Louvière, Belgium) is a Turkish-Belgian futsal player.	Cüneyt Vicil	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jennette Jansen (born c. 1968, Westerhaar) is a Paralympian from the Netherlands competing mainly in category TW4 wheelchair racing and later as a basketball player.	Jennette Jansen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Joseph Veloce has also entered himself, and co-athlete, Lisa Perlmutter in the chance to participate in The Amazing Race Canada.	Joseph Veloce	Canada
country of citizenship	Nicolaus Bergensköld was born May 20, 1838, at Vintrosa parish in Orebro, Sweden.	Nicolaus Bergensköld	Sweden
country of citizenship	Muhammad Wazir Khan (reigned 1834--1864) was the second ruler of the princely state of Tonk (in the present day Rajasthan state of India).	Muhammad Wazir Khan	India
country of citizenship	Pierre Gage (born 3 January 1977, Montreal, Quebec, Canada), known by his last name Gage, is a Francophone Canadian singer/songwriter of Haitian and Jamaican ancestry.	Pierre Gage	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Le Dorat, France, Joseph Guillemot's lungs were severely damaged by mustard gas, when he fought in World War I. Also his heart was located on the right hand side of his chest.	Joseph Guillemot	France
country of citizenship	Jérôme Noetinger (1966 in Marseille) is an improviser and composer of electroacoustic music based in Rives, France.	Jérôme Noetinger	France
country of citizenship	Otar Gordeli (November 18, 1928 -- 1994) was a composer in the country of Georgia.	Otar Gordeli	Georgia
country of citizenship	Arihito Muramatsu (村松 有人, born December 12, 1972) is a former professional baseball player from Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan.	Arihito Muramatsu	Japan
country of citizenship	Alain Delon lives in Chêne-Bougeries in the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland with his two youngest children.	Alain Delon	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jan Willem Pieter Zandvliet (Leiden, Netherlands, 14 April 1969) is a Dutch mixed media artist.	Pieter Zandvliet	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Adib Kenkre is a retired Central Railway Zone (India) employee.	Adib Kenkre	India
country of citizenship	Daniele Laumann (Born July 8, 1961 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian rower.	Daniele Laumann	Canada
country of citizenship	Faik Ergin (born 16 February 1978, İskenderun), is a Turkish actor and model, who won the Turkish contests Best Model of Turkey and Best Model of World in 2000.	Faik Ergin	Turkey
country of citizenship	Lernik Papyan (Armenian: Լէռնիկ Պապյան, born October 26, 1966 in Vanadzor, Lori Province, Armenian SSR) is a retired boxer from Armenia.	Lernik Papyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Edward John is a prominent First Nations political leader in Canada.	Edward John	Canada
country of citizenship	Zhang Lexing (張樂行, 1810--1863) was a guerrilla leader during the Nien Rebellion in China.	Zhang Lexing	China
country of citizenship	Koçi Xoxe (pronounced (ˈkɔtʃi ˈdzɔdzɛ); May 1, 1911 -- June 11, 1949) was the Defence and Interior Minister of Albania for some time under Enver Hoxha.	Koçi Xoxe	Albania
country of citizenship	Sheila Jeffreys (born 13 May 1948), an English expatriate in Australia, is best known as a lesbian feminist scholar and political activist, for her analysis of the history and politics of sexuality in Britain, and for her controversial views on transsexualism.	Sheila Jeffreys	Australia
country of citizenship	Gerald Nagler, Honorary Chair of the Board of Civil Rights Defenders and founder of the Swedish Helsinki Committee for Human Rights, was presented the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art by the Republic of Austria on October 18, 2011.	Gerald Nagler	Austria
country of citizenship	Michael Lawry is a New Zealand rock musician.	Michael Lawry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicolasa Pradera Mendive was born on 7 December 1870 in Markina-Xemein, of the Basque Country of northern Spain.	Nicolasa Pradera	Spain
country of citizenship	Antonio Mohamed started his career in Argentina with Huracán in 1987, when the club was playing in the second division.	Antonio Mohamed	Argentina
country of citizenship	Mireya Correa (b. Feb. 6, 1940, Panamá) is a botanist known for her work with the flora of Panama.	Mireya Correa	Panama
country of citizenship	Raffaele Monti (Eboli, Italy, February 15, 1981) is an Italian director, screenwriter, actor, independent producer and cinema and TV critic.	Raffaele Monti	Italy
country of citizenship	Bahman Jahantigh (Persian: بهمن جهان‌تیغ‎‎); is an Iranian Football Striker who currently plays for Iranian football club Foolad in the Iran Pro League.	Bahman Jahantigh	Iran
country of citizenship	Cheung Tat-ming (Chinese: 張達明) (born 2 July 1964) is a Hong Kong actor, comedian, director and writer.	Cheung Tat-ming	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Gearoid Towey (born 26 March 1977 in Fermoy, Republic of Ireland) is an Irish Olympic Athlete and former World Rowing Champion, Trans-Atlantic adventurer and actor.	Gearoid Towey	Ireland
country of citizenship	Niranjan Iyengar, born in Anand, India, is a screenwriter and lyricist particularly known for his work with director Karan Johar.	Niranjan Iyengar	India
country of citizenship	Marilina Bertoldi (Santa Fe, Argentina, September 13, 1988) is an Argentinian singer-songwriter and guitarist from Sunchales in Santa Fe.	Marilina Bertoldi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kishan Shrikanth (Hindi: किशन श्रीकांत, Kannada: ಕಿಶನ್ ಶ್ರೀಕಾಂತ್) (born 6 January 1996), professionally known as Kishan SS or Master Kishan, is a film actor & director from India.	Kishan Shrikanth	India
country of citizenship	Sir Frank Wilton Baillie, KBE (August 9, 1875 -- January 2, 1921) was a Canadian industrialist who played a significant role in establishing the modern steel industry in Canada.	Frank Wilton Baillie	Canada
country of citizenship	John Alexander Wilkinson (September 14, 1789 -- September 17, 1862) was a judge and political figure in Upper Canada.	John Alexander Wilkinson	Canada
country of citizenship	Lis Hartel (March 14, 1921 - February 12, 2009) was an equestrian from Denmark.	Lis Hartel	Denmark
country of citizenship	Bear Grylls in the United Kingdom.	Bear Grylls	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Verné Lesche, married Vanberg (11 October 1917 -- 21 April 2002) was a speed skater from Finland who twice won the World Allround Championships.	Verné Lesche	Finland
country of citizenship	Francisco Gil Díaz (born on 2 September 1943 in Mexico City) is a Mexican economist who served as Secretary of Finance in the cabinet of President Vicente Fox and currently serves as regional chairman of Telefónica for Mexico and Central America.	Francisco Gil Díaz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alireza Nourmohammadi (Persian: علیرضا نورمحمدی‎‎, born 3 July 1981 in Tehran) (also known as Reza Nourmohammadi) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays and captains for Persepolis in the Iran Pro League.	Alireza Nourmohammadi	Iran
country of citizenship	John George Chedid (Arabic: جون جورج شديد) (born on July 4, 1923 in Edde, Lebanon -- died on March 21, 2012) was a Lebanese-born American Maronite hierarch.	John George Chedid	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Background Noemí Carrión, who originates from Alicante, Comunidad Valenciana, Spain, is a solo artist who has also been part of numerous groups including Nómadas and Nieva,.	Noemí Carrión	Spain
country of citizenship	Constantine Bohachevsky (June 17, 1884 - January 6, 1961), born in Manajiv, Ukraine, was an Archbishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Church.	Constantine Bohachevsky	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Isidorus (born c. 139) was a native ancient Egyptian priest in the 2nd century during the Roman rule in Egypt.	Isidorus	Egypt
country of citizenship	Simon Fraser Tolmie, PC (January 25, 1867 -- October 13, 1937) was a veterinarian, farmer, politician, and the 21st Premier of the Province of British Columbia, Canada.	Simon Fraser Tolmie	Canada
country of citizenship	Issa Losseny Doumbia (born April 5, 1992 in Ivory Coast) is a Nigerien and Ivorian football player who plays for Chippa United and the Niger national football team.	Losseny Doumbia	Niger
country of citizenship	Bernhard Askvig (September 6, 1885 -- October 31, 1954) was a Norwegian police officer and Nazi collaborator during the German occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945.	Bernhard Askvig	Norway
country of citizenship	Koka Subba Rao (born 15 July 1902 -- 6 May 1976) was the ninth Chief Justice of India (1958--1967).	Koka Subba Rao	India
country of citizenship	Fabio Barcellandi (born March 22, 1968 in Brescia, Italy) is an Italian poet and translator.	Fabio Barcellandi	Italy
country of citizenship	Tamotsu Suzuki (鈴木 保, born 29 April 1947 in Urawa, Saitama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.	Tamotsu Suzuki	Japan
country of citizenship	Richard Martin Edwards, known as Prof Edwards (born 3 June 1940 in Christ Church, Barbados), is a former cricketer.	Prof Edwards	Barbados
country of citizenship	Ihaia Hutana (c.1844--9 November 1938) was a New Zealand tribal leader, newspaper editor and assessor .	Ihaia Hutana	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Serhiy Shebek (born on 14 June 1960, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a former Ukrainian football referee.	Serhiy Shebek	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Vikram Nair (born 18 July 1978) is a politician and lawyer from Singapore.	Vikram Nair	Singapore
country of citizenship	Steve Aylett (born 1967 in Bromley, United Kingdom) is a satirical science fiction and slipstream author (most recently adopted by the bizarro movement).	Steve Aylett	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Terry Loder (born February 3, 1953) is a Canadian politician in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Terry Loder	Canada
country of citizenship	Abdulrazak Eid, Abdul razzak Eid, Abdul razaq Eid, Abdel razzak Eid, Abdul razzaq Eid, or Abd al Razzaq 'Id (Arabic:عبد الرزاق عيد; born September 10, 1950) is a Syrian writer and thinker and one of Syria's leading reformers.	Abdulrazak Eid	Syria
country of citizenship	Naji Sabri Ahmad Al-Hadithi (Arabic: ناجي صبري أحمد الحديثي‎) served as the Iraqi Foreign Minister under Saddam Hussein in the lead-up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Naji Sabri	Iraq
country of citizenship	Gail McIntosh (born 1955 in Woodville) is a former New Zealand politician of the National Party.	Gail McIntosh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anne Azéma's special field is secular/vernacular song of France and Provence in the Middle Ages.	Anne Azéma	France
country of citizenship	Cynthia Johnston Turner is a conductor and clinician in the United States, Latin America, Europe and Canada.	Cynthia Johnston Turner	Canada
country of citizenship	Ashley Lobo is an Indian choreographer and was also one of the three judges for the Indian reality dance talent show India's Dancing Superstar on Star Plus.	Ashley Lobo	India
country of citizenship	Shyqri Nimani (born 1941 in Shkodër, Albania) is an Albanian graphic designer and professor.	Shyqri Nimani	Albania
country of citizenship	Haribon Chebani was the Provisional President of the Comoros from November 26, 1989 to November 27, 1989.	Haribon Chebani	Comoros
country of citizenship	Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro (c. 1420 -- c. 1484) was a Jewish Italian dancer and dancing master at some of the most influential courts in Renaissance Italy, including Naples, Urbino, Milan, and Ferrara.	Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro	Italy
country of citizenship	Ann Winsborn (born 5 July 1981 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish artist, singer and songwriter.	Ann Winsborn	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tetsuya Tani (谷 哲也, born July 9, 1985 in Tokushima, Tokushima, Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Tetsuya Tani	Japan
country of citizenship	María Larraín de Vicuña (? -- 23 September 1928, Santiago, Chile) was a writer and activist in the nascent Chilean feminist movement in the early twentieth century.	María Larraín de Vicuña	Chile
country of citizenship	Olivia Hamnett (c1943, St Helens, Lancashire - November 2001) was a British actress who found success after emigrating to Australia in 1971.	Olivia Hamnett	Australia
country of origin	Children in Need 2011 is a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for Children in Need.	Children in Need 2011	United Kingdom
country of origin	Pauline Kael reviewed the film in The New Yorker : ``Blier's method worked in Les valseuses, and it works in Préparez les mouchoirs, but something went wrong in his sexual extravaganza Calmos (and the picture failed, even in France)...	Calmos	France
country of origin	Queijada is a type of sweet made most famously made in Sintra, Portugal.	Queijada	Portugal
country of origin	Because Australia has more than one time zone, Weekend Sunrise is not broadcast live to all of Australia, it is instead broadcast delayed.	Weekend Sunrise	Australia
country of origin	Discopath premiered in Canada at the Fantasia Film Festival.	Discopath	Canada
country of origin	Bánh hỏi originated from the Bình Định Province of Vietnam's South Central Coast region.	Bánh hỏi	Vietnam
country of origin	The Boy and the King is a 1992 feature-length animated film made in Egypt by the Islamic film company Astrolabe Pictures.	The Boy and the King	Egypt
country of origin	Master with Cracked Fingers (Chinese: 刁手怪招; pinyin: diāo shǒu guài zhāo), also released as Snake Fist Fighter, is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Mu Chu and starring Jackie Chan.	Master with Cracked Fingers	Hong Kong
country of origin	Lady Fan is a Hong Kong television series starring Jessica Hsuan as the lady warrior Fan Lei-fa (Fan Lihua) and Joe Ma as Sit Ding-san (Xue Dingshan).	Lady Fan	Hong Kong
country of origin	Running Turtle opened in South Korea on June 11, 2009 and topped the box office over its first weekend with a total of 480,293 admissions.	Running Turtle	South Korea
country of origin	The Last Breakthrough (Traditional Chinese: 天涯俠醫; literally ``Heaven Saint Healer'') (Chinese: 天涯俠醫; Jyutping: tin1 ngaai4 haap6 ji1) is a 2004 Hong Kong television medical drama produced by TVB.	The Last Breakthrough	Hong Kong
country of origin	As of 2014, Lonely Planet's largest office is located in Footscray, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, but its Franklin, Tennessee, United States (U.S.) office is the company's de facto headquarters.	Lonely Planet	Australia
country of origin	Zuster Theresia (English: Sister Theresia) is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) directed by M. H. Schilling with the help of the Wong brothers.	Zuster Theresia	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	Big Angry Fish is a New Zealand fishing television show hosted by Milan Radonich and Nathan O'Hearn.	Big Angry Fish	New Zealand
country of origin	EP Daily aired on G4 Canada and City.	EP Daily	Canada
country of origin	Mahomet second is an unfinished tragedy in one act and five scenes in prose, written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux circa 1733 and first published in the journal Mercure de France in 1747.	Mahomet second	France
country of origin	Soto mie, Soto mi, or Mee soto is a spicy noodle soup dish commonly found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore.	Soto mie	Indonesia
country of origin	Imitation shark fin soup (碗仔翅), also known as wun tsai chi in Cantonese (literally fin in a little bowl), is one of Hong Kong's common street snacks, usually sold in small bowls by street vendors.	Imitation shark fin soup	Hong Kong
country of origin	Eastern Newsbeat is a local community television program in Melbourne, Australia on C31 Melbourne.	Eastern Newsbeat	Australia
country of origin	Maghaz (Urdu: مغز‎; Bengali: মগজ; literally meaning brain) is an offal dish generally consisting of fried brain in spicy sauce found in the cuisines of India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh.	Maghaz	India
country of origin	In 2014, Brothers3 placed third on the sixth season of The X Factor Australia.	Brothers3	Australia
country of origin	Manurhin is a trademark used by Manufacture d'Armes de tir Chapuis beginning in 1998, and located in Saint Bonnet Le Chateau, France to designate the Manurhin MR73 revolver.	Manurhin	France
country of origin	Aachener Printen are a type of Lebkuchen originating from the city of Aachen in Germany.	Aachener Printen	Germany
country of origin	Borosi is a 2014 Assamese Suspense movie based on a story written by politician & former Law Minister of India Dinesh Goswami and directed by Prodyut Kumar Deka and produced by Debashish Goswami under Manjushree Films & Entertainment.	Borosi	India
country of origin	Saturday Breakfast is a New Zealand morning news and talkshow based on Breakfast, that aired on Saturday mornings from 7-9am from 3 September 2011 till 15 December 2012 on TV One (New Zealand).	Saturday Breakfast	New Zealand
country of origin	The Criminal Investigator II (Traditional Chinese: O記實錄II; lit. The O Files II) is a 1996 Hong Kong police procedural television drama.	The Criminal Investigator II	Hong Kong
country of origin	In the horrors of the Armenian genocide, Nahapet (whose name means patriarch in Armenian) and others valiantly attempt to defend their village in Turkish Armenia from Ottoman troops but are soon overwhelmed.	Nahapet	Armenia
country of origin	Garganelli can be served in a variety of recipes; a traditional duck ragù is a common accompaniment and a specialty of the cuisine of Bologna, Italy.	Garganelli	Italy
country of origin	Sell Out! is a 2008 comedy film set in Malaysia which premiered at the 65th Venice International Film Festival where it also won the Young Cinema Award for Alternative Vision.	Sell Out!	Malaysia
country of origin	Return of the Kung Fu Dragon (砲傌俥 Mandarin: Ju ma pao) is a 1976 Taiwan film directed by Chick Lim Yu.	Return of the Kung Fu Dragon	Taiwan
country of origin	I Want to Be a Soldier is a drama film released in Spain and at the Rome Film Festival in 2010.	I Want to Be a Soldier	Spain
country of origin	Rain in the Heart is a 1990 Hong Kong television serial drama produced by TVB and starring Roger Kwok, Dominic Lam, Kathy Chow and Gallen Lo.	Rain in the Heart	Hong Kong
country of origin	Fearless Hyena Part II (Chinese: 龍騰虎躍) is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Chan Chuen, and starring Jackie Chan.	Fearless Hyena Part II	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bún thịt nướng is very popular in the southern region of Vietnam.	Bún thịt nướng	Vietnam
country of origin	Bakmi is between Chinese style wheat noodles and Japanese Udons in thickness, and there are several variants of bakmi in Indonesia.	Bakmi	Indonesia
country of origin	Seven Periods with Mr Gormsby is a satirical New Zealand television series, created and written by Danny Mulheron (who also directs and co-produces), Dave Armstrong and Tom Scott.	Seven Periods with Mr Gormsby	New Zealand
country of origin	The New One-Armed Swordsman, also known as Triple Irons, is a 1971 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, starring David Chiang.	The New One-Armed Swordsman	Hong Kong
country of origin	Mi rebus or Mee rebus (Malaysian and Singaporean spelling; literally ``boiled noodles'' in English) is a noodle dish popular in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore.	Mi rebus	Indonesia
country of origin	Star Awards 1998 is the 5th edition of the annual Star Awards presented by the Television Corporation of Singapore to honour its artistes who work on Channel 8.	Star Awards 1998	Singapore
country of origin	The Immoralist (French: L'Immoraliste) is a novel by André Gide, published in France in 1902.	The Immoralist	France
country of origin	The Postmodern Life of My Aunt (simplified Chinese: 姨妈的后现代生活; traditional Chinese: 姨媽的後現代生活; pinyin: Yimā de hòuxiàndài shēnghúo) is a 2006 Hong Kong serio-comedy film, directed by Ann Hui, starring Siqin Gaowa and Chow Yun-fat.	The Postmodern Life of My Aunt	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Fabulous Five Inc. are a reggae and soca band formed in Jamaica in 1970.	Fabulous Five Inc.	Jamaica
country of origin	UK (an abbreviation of CountDown United Kingdom) was broadcast, with the same presenters as SMTV Live.	SMTV Live	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Five Thirty Show was a short-lived Scottish topical magazine show, which began broadcasting in Northern and Central Scotland on STV on Monday January 28, 2008.	The Five Thirty Show	Scotland
country of origin	Commandaria (also called Commanderia and Coumadarka; Greek: κουμανδαρία, κουμανταρία and Greek: κουμαντάρκα) is an amber-coloured sweet dessert wine made in the Commandaria region of Cyprus on the foothills of the Troödos mountains.	Commandaria	Cyprus
country of origin	No Reserve (Chinese: 巾幗梟雄之諜血長天), also known as Rosy Business III, is an upcoming Hong Kong espionage television drama serial created and produced by Lee Tim-sing.	No Reserve	Hong Kong
country of origin	Garak guksu is a type of very thin noodle made in Korea, which is made from kneaded dough with salt water that is cooked in a boiling liquid.	Garak guksu	Korea
country of origin	The Last Great Snail Chase is a film by Edward Lynden-Bell that is set in Wellington, New Zealand.	The Last Great Snail Chase	New Zealand
country of origin	The Young Girl is a 1975 Mali film, directed by Souleymane Cissé.	The Young Girl	Mali
country of origin	House of Harmony and Vengeance is a Hong Kong costume-comedy television drama produced by TVB under executive producer Nelson Cheung.	House of Harmony and Vengeance	Hong Kong
country of origin	Mobile Suit Gundam Wing, also known in Japan as New Mobile Report Gundam Wing (新機動戦記ガンダムW(ウイング) Shin Kidō Senki Gandamu Wingu), is a 1995 Japanese mecha anime series directed by Masashi Ikeda and written by Katsuyuki Sumizawa.	Mobile Suit Gundam Wing	Japan
country of origin	Hlas Česko Slovenska (Czech and Slovak for The Czech / Slovak Voice, literally The Voice of Czechia Slovakia) is a reality singing competition and version of The Voice of Holland for Czech Republic and Slovakia.	Hlas Česko Slovenska	Czech Republic
country of origin	Heinz Mayr (born 20 October 1935) is a former German racewalker, who competed for West Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Heinz Mayr	West Germany
country of origin	Paris-Soir was a large-circulation daily newspaper in Paris, France from 1923 to 1944.	Paris-Soir	France
country of origin	La dama de rosa (English: ``The Lady in Pink'') (1986) is a successful Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión.	La dama de rosa	Venezuela
country of origin	The Snow Walker was filmed entirely in Canada in the following locations:	The Snow Walker	Canada
country of origin	Las Vías del Amor (English: The roads of love) is a Mexican neo-noir thriller telenovela that aired on the Televisa channel in Mexico and Univision in the United States from 2002-2003.	Las Vías del Amor	Mexico
country of origin	M Suganth of Times of India wrote ``Yatchan's failing is that despite moments that click, it fails to come together as a whole.	Yatchan	India
country of origin	Pardaillan, the name of an old French family of Armagnac, of which several members distinguished themselves in the service of the kings of France in the 16th and 17th centuries.	Pardaillan	France
country of origin	Good Dog is a Canadian television comedy-drama series which aired for one season on HBO Canada.	Good Dog	Canada
country of origin	Old Crow is a low-priced brand of Kentucky-made straight bourbon whiskey, along with the slightly higher quality, but still inexpensive Old Crow Reserve brand.	Old Crow	Kentucky
country of origin	Bishaash (Bengali: বিশ্বাস; English: Believe) is a 24-part Bangladeshi supernatural drama adventure fantasy detective mystery television series produced by BBC World Service Trust which was first broadcast on Bangladesh Television from 16 October 2010 until 18 March 2011.	Bishaash	Bangladesh
country of origin	The Bel Group introduced Babybel in 1952 and in 1977 Mini Babybel was launched in France.	Babybel	France
country of origin	Walking with Cavemen is a four-part television documentary series about human evolution produced by the BBC in the United Kingdom.	Walking with Cavemen	United Kingdom
country of origin	Hackers in Wonderland is a 2000 documentary film, produced and directed by Russell Barnes, about hackers in the United Kingdom.	Hackers in Wonderland	United Kingdom
country of origin	Chal, or shubat (Kazakh: шұбат (ʃʊbɑ́t)), is a Turkic (especially Turkmen and Kazakh) beverage of fermented camel milk, sparkling white with a sour flavor, popular in Central Asia -- particularly in Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan.	Chal	Turkmenistan
country of origin	The Bund III is a Hong Kong period drama television series broadcast on TVB in 1980.	The Bund III	Hong Kong
country of origin	Cool Zone was an Australian television series which was broadcast on community television station, C31 Adelaide in Adelaide, South Australia.	Cool Zone	Australia
country of origin	Jeevana Poratam is the story about the mismanagement and selfishness of the leaders of India.	Jeevana Poratam	India
country of origin	Shot in London, United States and premiered in Nigeria on December 18, 2015, Oxford Gardens was released as a collaborative work between Obi Emelonye and M-Net through Africa Magic Original Films.	Oxford Gardens	Nigeria
country of origin	2 Young (Chinese: 早熟) is a 2005 Hong Kong romantic comedy-drama film directed by Derek Yee.	2 Young	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Last Hunter was originally titled Cacciatore 2, a dubious Italian film tradition in order to appear as an unofficial sequel to The Deer Hunter which was released in Italy as Il Cacciatore.	The Last Hunter	Italy
country of origin	Tupu is a two-dimensional animated television series co-produced by France and Canada, developed by the French animation studio Xilam, directed by Xavier Giacometti, featuring the adventures of the fictional New York mayor's son, Norton, with a redheaded girl named Tupu in New York, focusing in Central Park.	Tupu	France
country of origin	Malabar Wedding is a 2008 Malayalam comedy film, made in India, and directed by the Rajesh-Faisal duo, who are Priyadarshan's associates.	Malabar Wedding	India
country of origin	Black Orpheus (Portuguese: Orfeu Negro) is a 1959 film made in Brazil by French director Marcel Camus and starring Marpessa Dawn and Breno Mello.	Black Orpheus	Brazil
country of origin	Reaksyon (lit. Reaction) is a late night news magazine and public affairs show on TV5 in Mandaluyong City, Philippines.	Reaksyon	Philippines
country of origin	In January 2009, she became a judge to the East on The All Ireland Talent Show but she continued to present The Afternoon Show.	The Afternoon Show	Ireland
country of origin	Ivan's Childhood was one of Tarkovsky's most commercially successful films, selling 16.7 million tickets in the Soviet Union.	Ivan's Childhood	Soviet Union
country of origin	Hum Ek Hain is a Pakistani Urdu film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in November 2004.	Hum Ek Hain	Pakistan
country of origin	H.I.P. H.O.P. was France's first television show and first regular nationwide weekly show in the world to be dedicated to the hip hop culture.	H.I.P. H.O.P.	France
country of origin	Black Field began principle filming on April 27, 2009 in Manitoba with development support from Canada's Super Channel.	Black Field	Canada
country of origin	Cervelle de canut is a cheese spread/dip, and a specialty of Lyon, France.	Cervelle de canut	France
country of origin	Wachamakulit: 'Wag Matakot, Makibata! is a kiddie game show in the Philippines hosted by Eugene Domingo.	Wachamakulit	Philippines
country of origin	Punjung is a traditional dessert for the Bruneian Malay people and Kedayan in Labuan and in the states of Sabah, Malaysia.	Punjung	Malaysia
country of origin	The Beretta Cheetah, also known by its original model name of ``Series 81'', was a line of compact blowback operated semi-automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Beretta of Italy.	Beretta Cheetah	Italy
country of origin	Shown in Belgium on Ketnet and in the Netherlands on Z@PP, Piet Piraat is a good-natured pirate who crosses the Seven Seas with his crew, getting into various adventures.	Piet Piraat	Belgium
country of origin	From No. 37 lasts for 90 minutes and was filmed in France, Iran, Norway and the United Kingdom.	From No. 37	Iran
country of origin	Boukha (Tunisian Arabic: بوخة‎) is a distilled beverage produced from figs. It originated in Tunisia, where most of it is still produced.	Boukha	Tunisia
country of origin	Murree beer is the most popular beer of Pakistan as Murree brewery is the only producer of beer in Pakistan while legal import of foreign beers is prohibited in Pakistan.	Murree beer	Pakistan
country of origin	Bougatsa is said to originate in Serres, in the Central Macedonia region of Northern Greece and is most popular in the northern Greek port city of Thessaloniki.	Bougatsa	Greece
country of origin	Through Hell and High Water is a BBC television programme produced by Twofour that aired in the United Kingdom on 13--17 February 2006.	Through Hell and High Water	United Kingdom
country of origin	Dutch in Seven Lessons (Nederlands in zeven lessen) is a film produced in the Netherlands in 1948.	Dutch in Seven Lessons	Netherlands
country of origin	Façonnable is an international high-end men's and women's tailor founded in Nice, France, by Jean Goldberg in 1950.	Façonnable	France
country of origin	The Voice van Vlaanderen (English-Dutch for The Voice of Flanders) is a Belgian reality singing competition for the Flemish part of Belgium, and which is part of the franchise that started in the Netherlands as The Voice of Holland.	The Voice van Vlaanderen	Belgium	Netherlands
country of origin	Aside to their contribution to music, Linkin Park in 2011 was awarded a Global Leadership Award by the United Nations Foundation/United Nations Association of the United States of America.	Linkin Park	United States of America
country of origin	Ek Duuje Ke Liye marked the debut of two stars from South India in Hindi films: leading lady Rati Agnihotri and playback singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam.	Ek Duuje Ke Liye	India
country of origin	Go Girls is a New Zealand comedy/drama television series that has been the subject of a US adaptation, whose first four seasons centered on four adult friends, three female and one male, living on Auckland's North Shore.	Go Girls	New Zealand
country of origin	The ENTAC may have been used by France in small numbers during the 1960s and 1970s on peacekeeping operations.	ENTAC	France
country of origin	War of the Genders is a Hong Kong television sitcom produced by TVB.	War of the Genders	Hong Kong
country of origin	SportsCafe is a New Zealand Sports TV show.	SportsCafe	New Zealand
country of origin	An employee of Lentera Merah, the campus newspaper of the University of Indonesia, is found dead in the office with the number 65 written in blood by his body.	Lentera Merah	Indonesia
country of origin	Magadheera was the first Telugu film in India to have a home media release in Blu-ray format.	Magadheera	India
country of origin	Keripik sanjay or kripik sanjai (karupuak sanjai in Minang) is Minangkabau cassava kripik or chips from Bukittinggi city in West Sumatra, Indonesia.	Keripik sanjay	Indonesia
country of origin	The movie Magdusa Ka is one of the most notable and well-celebrated movies that garnered numerous awards from various film organizations such as the Film Academy of the Philippines (FAP), Filipino Academy of Movie Arts and Sciences (FAMAS) and Urian in 1986.	Magdusa Ka	Philippines
country of origin	Russian Snark is a 2010 New Zealand film directed and written by Stephen Sinclair and produced by Liz DiFiore.	Russian Snark	New Zealand
country of origin	Grana Padano (Italian pronunciation: (ˈɡraːna paˈdaːno)) is a hard, slow-ripened, semi-fat cheese from Italy, comparable to Parmigiano Reggiano or ``parmesan'' cheese.	Grana Padano	Italy
country of origin	Drei Damen vom Grill was a German television series aired from 1976 to 1991 in Germany's public television ARD.	Drei Damen vom Grill	Germany
country of origin	Het Huis Anubis (The House of Anubis) is a Belgian-Dutch children's television drama created by Studio 100 and Nickelodeon, airing in the Netherlands and Flanders.	Het Huis Anubis	Netherlands
country of origin	Meena Iyer of Times of India gave it 4/5 stars, stating, ``Hasee Toh Phasee is for the romantics who like their martinis stirred not shaken.	Hasee Toh Phasee	India
country of origin	Pappu Can't Dance Saala is a 2011 India romance comedy film written and directed by Saurabh Shukla.	Pappu Can't Dance Saala	India
country of origin	The Jingbirok (Hangul: 징비록; hanja: 懲毖錄 known in English as the Book of Corrections), written in Hanmun, is a first hand account of the Imjin War written by high ranking Joseon scholar-official Ryu Seong-ryong.	Jingbirok	Joseon
country of origin	Polityka (Polish pronunciation: (pɔˈlitɨka), Politics) is a centre-left weekly newsmagazine in Poland.	Polityka	Poland
country of origin	The Walther GSP, Gebrauchs Sportpistole (Sport Pistol for Standard Use), is a single-action, precision targetshooting pistol made in Germany by Walther Sportwaffen.	Walther GSP	Germany
country of origin	Broa ((ˈbɾow.ɐ) or (ˈbɾo.ɐ)) is a type of cornbread traditionally made in Portugal and Galicia (and in Brazil, where it is traditionally seasoned with fennel).	Broa	Portugal
country of origin	La Brassiere (simplified Chinese: 绝世好Bra; traditional Chinese: 絕世好Bra) is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy film starring Lau Ching-wan, Louis Koo, Carina Lau and Gigi Leung.	La Brassiere	Hong Kong
country of origin	More than Honey is a 2012 Swiss documentary film directed by Markus Imhoof about honeybee colonies in California, Switzerland, China and Australia.	More than Honey	Switzerland
country of origin	Pokémon Origins, known in Japan as Pocket Monsters:	Pokémon Origins	Japan
country of origin	Naked Weapon (赤裸特工) is a 2002 Hong Kong action-thriller film directed by action choreographer Tony Ching and starring Maggie Q, Anya Wu and Daniel Wu.	Naked Weapon	Hong Kong
country of origin	Wu yen (Chinese: 鍾無艷) is a 2001 historical Hong Kong comedy film produced and directed by Johnnie To and Wai Ka-Fai.	Wu yen	Hong Kong
country of origin	Night Heat was a Canadian police drama series, which aired on both CTV in Canada and CBS in the United States.	Night Heat	Canada
country of origin	Tandoori Love is a 2008 Swiss comedy film about the misadventures of an Indian cook named Raja in Switzerland.	Tandoori Love	Switzerland
country of origin	The MySpace Road Tour is an original online reality format created and produced for MySpace Australia by production company FremantleMedia.	MySpace Road Tour	Australia
country of origin	Die Stunde der Offiziere (English: The Hour of the Officers) is a German semi-documentary movie of 2003 telling in chronological order about the German resistance attempts to kill Adolf Hitler and seize power in Germany in the July 20 plot of 1944.	Die Stunde der Offiziere	Germany
country of origin	Live at Home is a live concert DVD released in 2002 filmed in Nickelback's home province of Alberta, Canada during the tour supporting their album Silver Side Up.	Live at Home	Canada
country of origin	Kanta Pilipinas (English: Sing Philippines) is a reality singing competition that airs on TV5.	Kanta Pilipinas	Philippines
creator	Other projects related to Rocket Power and developed under the aegis of Klasky-Csupo and/or Nickelodeon have included Rocket Power:	Rocket Power	Klasky-Csupo
creator	The Bride Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Even (La mariée mise à nu par ses célibataires, même), most often called The Large Glass (Le Grand Verre), is an artwork by Marcel Duchamp over nine feet (2.75 metres) tall, and freestanding.	The Bride Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Even	Marcel Duchamp
creator	Young Woman in Blue is a drawing by French artist Edgar Degas, created in 1884.	Young Woman in Blue	Edgar Degas
creator	Race to Dakar is a documentary series following actor and keen motorcyclist Charley Boorman's entry into the 2006 Dakar Rally from Lisbon to Dakar.	Race to Dakar	Charley Boorman
creator	B of the Bang was a sculpture by Thomas Heatherwick next to the City of Manchester Stadium in Manchester, England, which was commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games; it was one of the tallest structures in Manchester and the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008.	B of the Bang	Thomas Heatherwick
creator	A Balcony in Paris (French: Un balcon à Paris) is an oil on canvas painting by the French Impressionist painter Gustave Caillebotte.	A Balcony in Paris	Gustave Caillebotte
creator	Death Comes as the End is a historical mystery novel by Agatha Christie, first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in October 1944 and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in March of the following year.	Death Comes as the End	Agatha Christie
creator	Rod Serling, who had gained fame from an earlier series, The Twilight Zone, served both as the on-air host of Night Gallery and as a major contributor of scripts, although he did not have the same control of content and tone as he had on The Twilight Zone.	Night Gallery	Rod Serling
creator	The Portrait of Giovanna Tornabuoni is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Domenico Ghirlandaio, executed in 1488 and located in the Museo Thyssen-Bornemisza, Madrid.	Portrait of Giovanna Tornabuoni	Domenico Ghirlandaio
creator	C.P.O. Sharkey is an American sitcom created by Aaron Ruben which aired on NBC from December 1, 1976, to April 28, 1978.	C.P.O. Sharkey	Aaron Ruben
creator	Frank Herbert's Dune is a three-part miniseries written and directed by John Harrison and based on Frank Herbert's 1965 novel Dune.	Frank Herbert's Dune	John Harrison
creator	St Lanfranc enthroned between St John the Baptist and St Liberius is an oil painting by Cima da Conegliano dating to 1515-16.	St Lanfranc enthroned between St John the Baptist and St Liberius	Cima da Conegliano
creator	Ciné si (French: (sineˈsi) Cinema If) is a 1989 French silhouette animation television series conceived, written and directed by Michel Ocelot and realised at La Fabrique, consisting of short fairy tale and retro-future stories performed by the same animated ``actors.''	Ciné si	Michel Ocelot
creator	The Starlost is a Canadian-produced science fiction television series created by writer Harlan Ellison and broadcast in 1973 on CTV in Canada and syndicated to local stations in the United States.	The Starlost	Harlan Ellison
creator	Self-Portrait with Monkey (Autorretrato con mono in Spanish) is an oil on masonite painting by Mexican artist Frida Kahlo, commissioned in 1938 by A. Conger Goodyear, then president of the Museum of Modern Art in New York.	Self-Portrait with Monkey	Frida Kahlo
creator	The All-Pervading is an allegorical painting produced between 1887 and 1890 by the English artist George Frederic Watts.	The All-Pervading	George Frederic Watts
creator	Raylan Givens is a fictional character created by American novelist and screenwriter Elmore Leonard.	Raylan Givens	Elmore Leonard
creator	Portrait of an Army Doctor (in French Portrait d'un médecin militaire) is a 1914-15 painting by the French artist, theorist and writer Albert Gleizes.	Portrait of an Army Doctor	Albert Gleizes
creator	DAAS Kapital is an Australian television comedy series written by and starring comedy trio the Doug Anthony All Stars (Paul McDermott, Tim Ferguson and Richard Fidler) with supporting cast members Flacco, Michael Petroni, Bob Downe and Khym Lam.	DAAS Kapital	Doug Anthony All Stars
creator	Isadore Nabi (sometimes Isidore Nabi or Isador Nabi) was a pseudonym used by a group of scientists including Richard Lewontin, Richard Levins, Robert MacArthur, and Leigh van Valen in the 1960s.	Isadore Nabi	Richard Lewontin	Richard Levins	Robert MacArthur
creator	Verano azul (Blue Summer) was a famous Spanish television show directed by Antonio Mercero that first aired in 1981.	Verano azul	Antonio Mercero
creator	The original script for Nu, pogodi! was created for the animation studio Soyuzmultfilm in Moscow by the writers Felix Kandel, Arkady Khait and Aleksandr Kurlyandsky, whose works included humourist and satirical writings.	Nu, pogodi!	Felix Kandel
creator	Man on a Balcony (also known as Portrait of Dr. Théo Morinaud and 'L'Homme au balcon), is a large oil painting created in 1912 by the French artist, theorist and writer Albert Gleizes (1881--1953).	Man on a Balcony	Albert Gleizes
creator	Arii Matamoe, also titled The Royal End (French: La Fin royale) is a painting on coarse cloth by the French artist Paul Gauguin, created in 1892 during the painter's first visit to Tahiti.	Arii Matamoe	Paul Gauguin
creator	Janov Pelorat is a character in the Foundation Series of books by Isaac Asimov.	Janov Pelorat	Isaac Asimov
creator	The Jester Don Diego de Acedo is one of a series of portraits of jesters at the court of Philip IV of Spain by Diego Velázquez.	The Jester Don Diego de Acedo	Diego Velázquez
creator	The Palazzo Branconio dell'Aquila is a lost palace in the rione Borgo of Rome (west of Castel Sant'Angelo), designed by Raphael for Giovanbattista Branconio dell'Aquila, a papal advisor and goldsmith.	Palazzo Branconio dell'Aquila	Raphael
creator	The Animals of Farthing Wood is a children's animated series commissioned by the European Broadcasting Union between 1992 and 1995, and is based on the series of books written by English author Colin Dann.	The Animals of Farthing Wood	Colin Dann
creator	Father Brown is a fictional Roman Catholic priest and amateur sleuth created in the early 1900s by English novelist G. K. Chesterton.	Father Brown	G. K. Chesterton
creator	Commentary on the Apocalypse (Commentaria In Apocalypsin) is a book written in the eighth century by the Spanish monk and theologian Beatus of Liébana.	Commentary on the Apocalypse	Beatus of Liébana
creator	Palaban (English: Tough) is a news and public affairs program of GMA Network hosted by Winnie Monsod, former Miss Universe Runner-Up Miriam Quiambao and Malou Mangahas.	Palaban	GMA Network
creator	The Ghosts of Motley Hall is a British children's television series written by Richard Carpenter.	The Ghosts of Motley Hall	Richard Carpenter
creator	Portrait of an African is a painting by Allan Ramsay, painted c. 1757--1760, and believed to be of Ignatius Sancho.	Portrait of an African	Allan Ramsay
creator	The Hettangian was introduced in the literature by Swiss palaeontologist, Eugène Renevier, in 1864.	Hettangian	Eugène Renevier
creator	Personnage Oiseaux is one of Joan Miró's largest works in the United States and his only glass mosaic mural, (Bird Characters), 1972--1978.	Personnage Oiseaux	Joan Miró
creator	The Venus of Urbino is a 1538 oil painting by the Italian master Titian.	Venus of Urbino	Titian
creator	This Is America, Charlie Brown is an eight-part animated television miniseries, depicting events in American history with characters from the Charles M. Schulz comic strip Peanuts.	This Is America, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	The Elder Sister (French: La soeur aînée) is a painting by nineteenth century French artist William-Adolphe Bouguereau in 1869.	The Elder Sister	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	The Berlin Foundry Cup (German: Erzgießerei-Schale) is a red-figure kylix (drinking cup) from the early 5th century BC. It is the name vase of the Attic vase painter known conventionally as the Foundry Painter.	Berlin Foundry Cup	Foundry Painter
creator	The Story of America's Elite Counter terrorist Unit (ISBN 0-440-23733-5), The Unit was created for television and executive produced by David Mamet and Shawn Ryan.	The Unit	David Mamet
creator	Portrait of a Commander or A Commander Being Dressed for Battle is a portrait of an unknown man in plate armour, normally attributed to Peter Paul Rubens.	Portrait of a Commander	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	Pope Paul III and His Grandsons (Italian: Paolo III e i nipoti Alessandro e Ottavio Farnese) is a painting in oil on canvas by Titian, housed in the Museo di Capodimonte, Naples.	Pope Paul III and His Grandsons	Titian
creator	Boats du Rhône is a series of two sketches (a small one in a letter, the other very large and detailed with a reed pen) and three oil paintings, listed below, created by the Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh while living in Arles, France, during August, 1888.	Boats du Rhône	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Magic Land of Allakazam was the name of a groundbreaking series of network television shows featuring American magician Mark Wilson.	The Magic Land of Allakazam	Mark Wilson
creator	Levitated Mass is a 2012 large-scale sculpture by Michael Heizer on the campus of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. The installation consists of a 340-ton boulder affixed above a concrete trench through which visitors may walk.	Levitated Mass	Michael Heizer
creator	The Sorceress is a painting by John William Waterhouse completed between 1911 and 1915.	The Sorceress	John William Waterhouse
creator	The Spirit of Polonia, also known as Solidarity, by Edmund Lewandowski is a sculpture commissioned as part of the fifteenth anniversary of Polanki, the Polish Women's Cultural Club of Milwaukee.	The Spirit of Polonia	Edmund Lewandowski
creator	A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is the tenth prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Vahine no te vi (English: Woman of the Mango) is an 1892 painting by Paul Gauguin, currently in the collection of the Baltimore Museum of Art. It is one of many works of modern art purchased by the Cone sisters.	Vahine no te vi	Paul Gauguin
creator	En Canot, referred to in various publications as Im Boot, Le Canot, Femme au Canot et à l'Ombrelle, En Bâteau, In the Canoe, The Boat, On the Beach, Am Strand, Im Schiff, V Člunu and Im Kanu, is an oil painting by Jean Metzinger.	En Canot	Jean Metzinger
creator	Painting (Blue Star) (French: Peinture (Étoile Bleue)) is a 1927 painting by the Catalan artist Joan Miró.	Painting (Blue Star)	Joan Miró
creator	There's No Time for Love, Charlie Brown is the ninth prime-time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	There's No Time for Love, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Figure with Meat is a 1954 painting by the Irish-born artist Francis Bacon.	Figure with Meat	Francis Bacon
creator	The Arrival of the Hungarians (Hungarian: A magyarok bejövetele; commonly known as Feszty Panorama or Feszty Cyclorama, Hungarian: Feszty-körkép) is a large cyclorama -- a circular panoramic painting -- by Hungarian painter Árpád Feszty and his assistants, depicting the arrival of the Hungarians in the Carpathian Basin in 895.	Arrival of the Hungarians	Árpád Feszty
creator	Scène d'été, or Summer Scene, is an oil on canvas painting by Frédéric Bazille, completed in 1869, a year before his death in 1870.	Scène d'été	Frédéric Bazille
creator	The Bugle is a satirical news podcast, hosted by John Oliver and Andy Zaltzman.	The Bugle	John Oliver	Andy Zaltzman
creator	At Home with the Braithwaites is a British comedy-drama television series, created and written by Sally Wainwright (except for the final four episodes).	At Home with the Braithwaites	Sally Wainwright
creator	Landscape Near Figueras (1910) is a painting by the Spanish artist Salvador Dalí.	Landscape Near Figueras	Salvador Dalí
creator	The Woodwright's Shop is a traditional woodworking show hosted by master carpenter Roy Underhill on PBS in the United States.	The Woodwright's Shop	Roy Underhill
creator	The Melun Diptych is a two-panel oil painting by the French court painter Jean Fouquet (1425--1480) created around 1452.	Melun Diptych	Jean Fouquet
creator	Caliban (/ˈkælᵻbæn/ KAL-ə-ban) is one of the main antagonists in William Shakespeare's play The Tempest.	Caliban	William Shakespeare
creator	The Mild Mild West is a mural by graffiti artist Banksy.	The Mild Mild West	Banksy
creator	Rock & Roll Jeopardy! is an American television game show created by Scott Sternberg and adapted from the quiz show Jeopardy!	Rock & Roll Jeopardy!	Scott Sternberg
creator	The Beethoven Frieze is a painting by Gustav Klimt on display in the Secession Building, Vienna, Austria.	Beethoven Frieze	Gustav Klimt
creator	Twittering Machine (Die Zwitscher-Maschine) is a 1922 watercolor and pen and ink oil transfer on paper by Swiss-German painter Paul Klee.	Twittering Machine	Paul Klee
creator	Derek and Simon is a 2007 web based series created by Derek Waters, Simon Helberg, and Bob Odenkirk, which aired on the now-defunct website, Super Deluxe.	Derek and Simon	Derek Waters
creator	Madame X or Portrait of Madame X is the informal title of a portrait painting by John Singer Sargent of a young socialite named Virginie Amélie Avegno Gautreau, wife of Pierre Gautreau.	Portrait of Madame X	John Singer Sargent
creator	The Laughing Cavalier (1624) is a portrait by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals in the Wallace Collection in London, which has been described as ``one of the most brilliant of all Baroque portraits''.	Laughing Cavalier	Frans Hals
creator	The Adventure of English is a British television series (ITV) on the history of the English language presented by Melvyn Bragg as well as a companion book, also written by Bragg.	The Adventure of English	Melvyn Bragg
creator	The World of Stainboy is a series of flash animation shorts created in 2000 by director Tim Burton and animated by Flinch Studio.	Stainboy	Tim Burton
creator	Warming Up is a long-running daily blog and podcast, written by British comedian and writer Richard Herring.	Warming Up	Richard Herring
creator	Woman with a Parasol - Madame Monet and Her Son, sometimes known as The Stroll (French: La Promenade) is an oil-on-canvas painting by Claude Monet from 1875.	Woman with a Parasol - Madame Monet and Her Son	Claude Monet
creator	Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales is one of many prime-time animated TV specials based on characters from the Charles M. Schulz comic strip Peanuts.	Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Babar the Elephant is a fictional character who first appeared in 1931 in the French children's book Histoire de Babar by Jean de Brunhoff.	Babar the Elephant	Jean de Brunhoff
creator	Bent Propeller (also known as World Trade Center Stabile) was a sculpture by Alexander Calder, commissioned by the Port of New York Authority in 1969 and installed in 1970 at the World Trade Center in New York.	Bent Propeller	Alexander Calder
creator	The Scoutmaster is a 1956 painting by Norman Rockwell.	The Scoutmaster	Norman Rockwell
creator	The Amazing World of Gumball (known also as Gumball) is a British-American children's animated television series created by Ben Bocquelet for Cartoon Network.	The Amazing World of Gumball	Ben Bocquelet
creator	Fluffy Gardens is an Irish preschool animation television show created, written and directed by Jason Tammemagi and produced by Monster Animation & Design Ltd. Each seven-minute episode tells the story of a different character.	Fluffy Gardens	Jason Tammemagi
date of birth	Joseph Salamé (born on 25 December 1914 in Antelias, Lebanon - 29 March 2004) was an apostolic administrator of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Latakia and Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Aleppo.	Joseph Salamé	25 December 1914
date of birth	Varun Chopra (born 21 June 1987 in Barking, Greater London) is an English cricketer, and has captained the English U-19 cricket team in series against Sri Lanka in 2005 and India in 2006.	Varun Chopra	21 June 1987
date of birth	Sedapatti Suryanarayana Devar Rajendran, commonly known by his stage name S. S. Rajendran (SSR), (Tamil: எஸ். எஸ். ராஜேந்திரன்; January 1928 -- 24 October 2014) was an Indian film actor, director, producer and politician.	S. S. Rajendran	January 1928
date of birth	Charles Frederic Moberly Bell (2 April 1847 in Alexandria -- 5 April 1911 in London) was a prominent British journalist and newspaper editor during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Charles Frederic Moberly Bell	2 April 1847
date of birth	Burkard Hillebrands, Prof. Dr. (* 1957) is a German physicist and professor of physics.	Burkard Hillebrands	1957
date of birth	Nigel Kennedy (born 28 December 1956) is a British violinist and violist.	Nigel Kennedy	28 December 1956
date of birth	Jörgen Augustsson, born 28 October 1952, is a former Swedish footballer.	Jörgen Augustsson	28 October 1952
date of birth	Mohamed Sabry (Arabic:محمد صبري) (born 7 April 1974) was an Egyptian football Midfielder, he played for Zamalek, Kazma and Ittihad Alexandria.	Mohamed Sabry	7 April 1974
date of birth	Tang Hao (Chinese: 唐豪; pinyin: Táng Háo) or Tang Fan Sheng (1887--1959) was a Chinese lawyer and expert on chinese martial arts.	Tang Hao	1887
date of birth	Dave Benton (born 31 January 1951, real name Efrén Eugene Benita) is a pop musician and 2001 winner of the Eurovision Song Contest.	Dave Benton	31 January 1951
date of birth	Talay Riley (born 10 July 1990) is a Nigerian/British singer-songwriter signed to Island Records.	Talay Riley	10 July 1990
date of birth	Eli Berman (born 1960) is the Research Director for International Security Studies at the UC Institute on Global Conflict and Cooperation and since 2010 a Professor of economics at the University of California, San Diego.	Eli Berman	1960
date of birth	Edward Buncombe (1742--1778) was a plantation owner from the Province of North Carolina who served as a colonel in the Continental Army (the army of the Patriot side) in the American Revolutionary War.	Edward Buncombe	1742
date of birth	Slaven Musa (born 21 June 1971) is a football coach and former football player.	Slaven Musa	21 June 1971
date of birth	Gao Xixi (Chinese: 高希希; born 1962) is a Chinese television director and producer, famous for directing a number of commercially successful Chinese television series.	Gao Xixi	1962
date of birth	Ümit Bilican (born 29 March 1981) is a Turkish professional footballer who has played for several clubs in Europe.	Ümit Bilican	29 March 1981
date of birth	Torleiv Maseng (born 1946) is a prominent Norwegian engineer, who made some contribution to the Global System for Mobile Communications project.	Torleiv Maseng	1946
date of birth	Edgars Eriņš (born 18 June 1986) is a Latvian decathlete and bobsledder.	Edgars Eriņš	18 June 1986
date of birth	Simone Ritscher (born 1 September 1959) is a German actress, known for her roles as Doris van Norden in Sturm der Liebe and as Maria di Balbi in Verbotene Liebe.	Simone Ritscher	1 September 1959
date of birth	Gaby Roslin (born 12 July 1964) is an English television presenter and actress, who rose to fame co-presenting The Big Breakfast on Channel 4 between 1992 and 1996.	Gaby Roslin	12 July 1964
date of birth	Rozalla Miller (born 18 March 1964), better known as simply Rozalla, is a Zambian dance music performer.	Rozalla	18 March 1964
date of birth	Svein Nymo (10 June 1953 - 15 August 2014) was a Norwegian violinist and composer from Målselv in Troms, and the son of the traditional Norwegian folk musician Johan Nymo.	Svein Nymo	10 June 1953
date of birth	Giuseppe Turbini (Piacenza, 1702- Piacenza, 1788) was an Italian painter, specializing in quadratura.	Giuseppe Turbini	1702
date of birth	Ernst Schweninger (15 June 1850 -- 13 January 1924) was a German physician who developed the Schweninger method, a reduction of obesity by the restriction of fluids in the diet.	Ernst Schweninger	15 June 1850
date of birth	Momtaz Begum-Hossain (Bengali: মমতাজ বেগম-হোসেন; born 1981) is an English freelance journalist, craft expert and presenter.	Momtaz Begum-Hossain	1981
date of birth	Ken Okuyama (born 1959) is a Japanese industrial designer and owner of the Ken Okuyama Design company.	Ken Okuyama	1959
date of birth	José Riga (born 30 July 1957) is a Belgian former football player and current manager.	José Riga	30 July 1957
date of birth	Kathy Tremblay (born 16 June 1982 in Ste-Foy, Quebec) is a professional Canadian triathlete and member of the National Team.	Kathy Tremblay	16 June 1982
date of birth	Jozef van Wissem (born 1962) is a Dutch minimalist composer and lute player based in Brooklyn.	Jozef van Wissem	1962
date of birth	Timofey Lapshin (Russian: Тимофей Алексеевич Лапшин; born 3 February 1988) is a Russian biathlete.	Timofey Lapshin	3 February 1988
date of birth	Nils Gösta Christer Sturmark, born 7 September 1964 in Danderyd, Stockholm County, is a Swedish author, IT-entrepreneur and prominent debater on religion and humanism in Swedish media.	Christer Sturmark	7 September 1964
date of birth	Mille Dinesen (born 17 March 1974) is a Danish actress best known for starring in the film Nynne, as well as the title role in the television series Rita.	Mille Dinesen	17 March 1974
date of birth	Faustino Rupérez Rincón (born 29 July 1956 in Piquera de San Esteban, Soria) is a retired Spanish professional road racing cyclist who raced between 1979 and 1985.	Faustino Rupérez	29 July 1956
date of birth	Scott Von Doviak (born 1967) is the film critic for the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.	Scott Von Doviak	1967
date of birth	Conseslus Kipruto (born 8 December 1994) is a Kenyan middle distance runner who competes in the steeplechase.	Conseslus Kipruto	8 December 1994
date of birth	Frederik Du Chau (born 15 May 1965) is a film director, screenwriter and animator.	Frederik Du Chau	15 May 1965
date of birth	Ge Xiaoguang (Chinese: 葛小光), born in 1953 in Beijing, is a Chinese artist best known for painting the massive 6 x 4.6 meter portrait of Mao Zedong that hangs at Tiananmen Gate in Tiananmen Square.	Ge Xiaoguang	1953
date of birth	Lars-Erik Nelson (1941 -- November 20, 2000) was an American journalist, political columnist and author best known for his syndicated column in The New York Daily News.	Lars-Erik Nelson	1941
date of birth	David Stanley Evans (28 January 1916 -- 14 November 2004) was a British astronomer, noted for his use of lunar occultations to measure stellar angular diameters during the 1950s.	David Stanley Evans	28 January 1916
date of birth	Crispin Whittell (born 19 December 1969 in Nairobi, Kenya) is a British director and playwright.	Crispin Whittell	19 December 1969
date of birth	Frances Fyfield (born 18 November 1948) is the pseudonym of Frances Hegarty, a lawyer and crime-writer.	Frances Fyfield	18 November 1948
date of birth	Norm McDougall (23 April 1892 -- 10 February 1938) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm McDougall	23 April 1892
date of birth	Mustafa Polutak (born 1 January 1946) is a former soldier in the Bosnian Army during the Bosnian War.	Mustafa Polutak	1 January 1946
date of birth	Aref Dalila (Arabic: عارف دليلة‎) (born 1942) is a Syrian economist and former Dean of the Faculty of Economics in Damascus University.	Aref Dalila	1942
date of birth	Richard Lopag (born 13 September 1989 in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England) is a rugby league player for Swinton in the Co-operative Championship 1.	Richard Lopag	13 September 1989
date of birth	Manuela Bosco (Mikkeli, 11 June 1982) is a Finnish actress and former hurdler.	Manuela Bosco	11 June 1982
date of birth	Constant Mews (born 1954), D. Phil (Oxon) is Professor of Medieval Thought and Director, Centre for Studies in Religion and Theology, Monash University, Melbourne.	Constant Mews	1954
date of birth	Rosalia Maggio (1 May 1921 -- 25 July 1995) was an Italian actress, dancer, singer and showgirl.	Rosalia Maggio	1 May 1921
date of birth	Fabrice Boutique (born in Zaire (now Congo) on 26 May 1970 ) is a Belgian actor of Braine-l'Alleud who is active on cinema, television, theater, musicals and dance.	Fabrice Boutique	26 May 1970
date of birth	Zhou Tao (simplified Chinese: 周涛; traditional Chinese: 周濤; pinyin: Zhōu Tāo; born 23 March 1968) is a Chinese television host and actress.	Zhou Tao	23 March 1968
date of birth	The Reverend Lal Behari Dey (Bengali: লাল বিহারী দে - also transliterated as Lal Behari Day) (18 December 1824 -- 28 October 1892) was a Bengali Indian journalist, who converted to Christianity, and became a Christian missionary himself.	Lal Behari Dey	18 December 1824
date of birth	Marion Margaret Violet Manners, Duchess of Rutland (née Lindsay; 7 March 1856 -- 22 December 1937) was a British artist and noblewoman.	Violet Manners, Duchess of Rutland	7 March 1856
date of birth	Poppy Corbett (born 1986) is a playwright, director and teacher of creative writing.	Poppy Corbett	1986
date of birth	Nikos Stratakis (born 1960) is a Greek painter of the contemporary period.	Nikos Stratakis	1960
date of birth	John Bowtell (1753--1813) was an English topographer.	John Bowtell	1753
date of birth	Stephen Nye (1648--1719) was an English clergyman, known as a theological writer and for his Unitarian views.	Stephen Nye	1648
date of birth	Derek Birdsall (born 1 August 1934) is an internationally renowned British graphic designer.	Derek Birdsall	1 August 1934
date of birth	Willi Lippens (born 10 November 1945) is a former German-Dutch football player.	Willi Lippens	10 November 1945
date of birth	Lam Bun-Ching (Chinese: 林品晶; Jyutping: Lam4 Ban2 Jing1; b. Macau, 1954) is a composer, pianist, and conductor.	Lam Bun-Ching	1954
date of birth	Dustley Mulder (born 27 January 1985) is a Curaçaoan footballer who currently plays right back for NAC Breda in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Dustley Mulder	27 January 1985
date of birth	Judith Herbison (born 26 December 1971) is a former Irish international cricketer who played for the Irish national team between 1990 and 1997.	Judith Herbison	26 December 1971
date of birth	Hon. Noël Olivier (1893--1969) who trained and practiced as a medical doctor, is now best known for her relationship with Rupert Brooke.	Noël Olivier	1893
date of birth	Arne Larsen Økland (born 31 May 1954) is a former Norwegian footballer that played as a striker for Vard Haugesund, Bryne, Bayer Leverkusen and Racing Club de Paris.	Arne Larsen Økland	31 May 1954
date of birth	Tadhg Kennelly (born 1 July 1981) is an Irish sportsperson known for his top level careers in both Gaelic football and Australian rules football.	Tadhg Kennelly	1 July 1981
date of birth	Juan Leal Goraz (1676--1742 or 1743), also called Juan Leal Gonzal, was a Spanish settler and politician who served as the first alcalde (a municipal magistrate who had both judicial and administrative functions) of La Villa de San Fernando, which later would become the city of San Antonio, Texas.	Juan Leal	1676
date of birth	The French physicist Christian Colliex (b. 1944) is known for his pioneering work on the use of electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS) in transmission electron microscopy.	Christian Colliex	1944
date of birth	Lieutenant general Josef Bečvář (born 11 August 1958) is a Czech army officer.	Josef Bečvář	11 August 1958
date of birth	William Stainton Moses (1839-1892) was an English cleric and spiritualist medium.	William Stainton Moses	1839
date of birth	Alexander Strehmel (born 20 March 1968) is a German former footballer who played in defence or midfield.	Alexander Strehmel	20 March 1968
date of birth	Fred D. Anderson (born c. 1945) is an American business executive known for his time with Apple Inc. and as a managing director and co-founder of Elevation Partners.	Fred D. Anderson	1945
date of birth	Barnes Ratwatte (known as Barnes Ratwatte Dissawa ) (1883 -- September 20, 1957) was a Ceylonese colonial-era legislator and a headmen.	Barnes Ratwatte	1883
date of birth	Annette Shun Wah (born 26 March 1958) is a prominent figure in the Australian media, but particularly in television, film and radio.	Annette Shun Wah	26 March 1958
date of birth	Vikas Gowda (Kannada:ವಿಕಾಸ್ ಗೌಡ) (born 5 July 1983) is an Indian discus thrower and Shot putter.	Vikas Gowda	5 July 1983
date of birth	Karen Ordahl Kupperman (born 23 April 1939) is an American historian who specializes in colonial history in the Atlantic world of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.	Karen Ordahl Kupperman	23 April 1939
date of birth	Li Yiu-bor, OBE, JP (22 October 1909 -- 6 September 1976) was a Hong Kong teacher, publisher, politician and religious leader.	Li Yiu-bor	22 October 1909
date of birth	Pio Siotto (Rome, May 3, 1824 - ?) was an Italian artist active as a cameo engraver (gem engraver).	Pio Siotto	1824
date of birth	Timothy Holme (1928-1987) was an English born, but latterly Italian resident, author.	Timothy Holme	1928
date of birth	Gemma Calvert, FRSA (born in Dulwich, 1 August 1967) is a British neuroscientist and pioneer of Neuromarketing.	Gemma Calvert	1 August 1967
date of birth	Edwin McArthur (24 September 1907 -- 24 February 1987) was a celebrated American classical music conductor, pianist and accompanist.	Edwin McArthur	24 September 1907
date of birth	Cem Hakko (Istanbul, 1955) is a Turkish fashion designer and businessman.	Cem Hakko	1955
date of birth	Ali Haydar Konca (born 1 February 1950) is a Turkish politician who served as the Minister of European Union Affairs and Chief Negotiator in the interim election government led by Ahmet Davutoğlu between 28 August and 22 September 2015.	Ali Haydar Konca	1 February 1950
date of birth	Daniel Baron (born 1949) is an American winemaker.	Daniel Baron	1949
date of birth	Arthur John Masaracchia (December 20, 1950 -- January 12, 2015), better known as A. J. Masters was an American country music singer.	A. J. Masters	1950
date of birth	Joe Marr (born 9 August 1880) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Joe Marr	9 August 1880
date of birth	Andrew Shapter (born 30 December 1966) is an American film director, writer and photographer.	Andrew Shapter	30 December 1966
date of birth	Jean-François de La Clue-Sabran (30 September 1696 - 4 October 1764) was a French Admiral best known for his command of the French fleet in the Mediterranean Sea during the Seven Years' War.	Jean-François de La Clue-Sabran	30 September 1696
date of birth	Borghild Holmsen (22 October 1865 -- 4 December 1938) was a Norwegian pianist, music critic and composer.	Borghild Holmsen	22 October 1865
date of birth	Dragiša Burzan (born 1950 in Titograd, Montenegro, Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia) has been the Serbia and Montenegro ambassador to London since 2004.	Dragiša Burzan	1950
date of birth	Murugesan Dickeshwashankar Thirush Kamini (born 30 June 1990 in Madras) is an Indian cricketer who has played 21 women's one-day internationals for the Indian women's cricket team.	Thirush Kamini	30 June 1990
date of birth	B. Lynn Winmill (born 1952) is the Chief Judge on the United States District Court for the District of Idaho.	B. Lynn Winmill	1952
date of birth	Melodie McDaniel (born 1967) is a Los Angeles, CA-based American still life, celebrity, and advertising photographer and film director.	Melodie McDaniel	1967
date of birth	Bayeté Ross Smith (born 1976) is a contemporary African American multi-media artist, film maker and educator.	Bayeté Ross Smith	1976
date of birth	Michael Meaker (born 18 August 1971) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Yate Town in the Southern League South and West Division.	Michael Meaker	18 August 1971
date of birth	Thupden Bhutia (born 6 January 1987) is an Indian footballer playing for United Sikkim.	Thupden Bhutia	6 January 1987
date of birth	Sarah Bixby Smith (1871--1935) was a California writer and an advocate of women's education.	Sarah Bixby Smith	1871
date of birth	Kerthney Carty (born 4 February 1962) is an English professional football manager.	Kerthney Carty	4 February 1962
date of birth	Chance Sumner (born 1977) is an American Paralympic wheelchair rugby player from Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Chance Sumner	1977
date of birth	Jesse Rosenfeld (born 17 October 1983) is an Australian stage, television and film actor, best known for playing Marco Silvani on the soap opera Neighbours.	Jesse Rosenfeld	17 October 1983
date of birth	Pablo Cardozo (born 23 December 1972) is a former Australian football (soccer) striker.	Pablo Cardozo	23 December 1972
date of birth	Pamela Rae Huteson (1957- ) is an Alaska Native author and illustrator, from Prince of Wales Island in Southeast Alaska.	Pamela Rae Huteson	1957
date of birth	Marchetto da Padova (Marchettus of Padua; b. 1274?; fl. 1305 -- 1319) was an Italian music theorist and composer of the late medieval era.	Marchetto da Padova	1274
date of birth	Nikolaus Georg von Reigersberg (1598 -- 7 June 1651) was an imperial official, Chancellor in the Electorate of Mainz and Mayor of Aschaffenburg.	Nikolaus Georg von Reigersberg	1598
date of birth	Gigi Edgley (born 16 November 1977) is an Australian actress and recording artist.	Gigi Edgley	16 November 1977
date of birth	Roslyn Walker (b. Russel Erwood on 19 March 1981 Brislington, Bristol, England) is an entertainer.	Roslyn Walker	19 March 1981
date of birth	Richard Lindon (30 June 1816 -- 10 June 1887) was an English leatherworker who was instrumental in the development of the modern-day rugby ball by advancing the craft for ball, rubber bladder, and air pump.	Richard Lindon	30 June 1816
date of birth	Marius Ebbers (born 4 January 1978) is a German footballer, who plays for SC Victoria.	Marius Ebbers	4 January 1978
date of birth	Bruno Gonçalo Fernandes Silva (born 4 May 1991, in Faro) .	Bruno Gonçalo Fernandes Silva	4 May 1991
date of birth	Georgios Kazantzis (Greek: Γιώργος Καζαντζής; born 6 February 1979) is a Greek football player.	Georgios Kazantzis	6 February 1979
date of birth	Adam van Vianen (1568-- 1627) was a Dutch Golden Age medallist, engraver and silversmith.	Adam van Vianen	1568
date of birth	Nicholas Ribic (born 1974) is a Canadian who fought in the Bosnian Serb Army where he was also known as Nikola Ribić.	Nicholas Ribic	1974
date of birth	Ian Schuback is a former Australian lawn and indoor bowler and was born in Australia on 4 September 1952.	Ian Schuback	4 September 1952
date of birth	Ian Blakemore (born 13 May 1965, in Ironbridge, Shropshire) was an English cricketer.	Ian Blakemore	13 May 1965
date of birth	Martin Odersky (born 5 September 1958) is a German computer scientist and professor of programming methods at EPFL in Switzerland.	Martin Odersky	5 September 1958
date of birth	Bruno Beltrão (born 19 September 1979 in Niteroi) is a Brazilian choreographer who has worked since 1996 with his Grupo de Rua (GRN).	Bruno Beltrão	19 September 1979
date of birth	Richard Hook Richens (1919--1984) was a Director of the Commonwealth Bureau of Plant Breeding and Genetics (part of the Commonwealth Agricultural Bureaux) at Cambridge University, and became best known for his studies of elm (Ulmus).	Richard Hook Richens	1919
date of birth	Tørres Christensen (10 May 1664 -- 15 February 1721) was a Norwegian merchant, landowner and ship owner.	Tørres Christensen	10 May 1664
date of birth	Stana Katic (/ˈstɑːnə ˈkætᵻk/; born 26 April 1978) is a Canadian-American film and television actress.	Stana Katic	26 April 1978
date of birth	Pim Walsma (born 3 February 1987, Amsterdam) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for the Amsterdam Pirates and the Dutch national team.	Pim Walsma	3 February 1987
date of birth	Celia Barker Lottridge (born 1936) is an award-winning Canadian children's writer.	Celia Barker Lottridge	1936
date of birth	Capel Bond (14 December 1730 -- 14 February 1790) was an English organist and composer.	Capel Bond	14 December 1730
date of birth	Darren Lim (Chinese: 林明伦; pinyin: Lín Mínglún, born 30 September 1972) is a Singaporean actor and television host.	Darren Lim	30 September 1972
date of birth	Sir Richard Torin Kindersley (1792--1879) was an English lawyer and judge.	Richard Torin Kindersley	1792
date of birth	Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel was born on 6 November 1966 in Malabo, Spanish Guinea (now Equatorial Guinea), the son of Manuel Ávila Fernández and Luisa Laurel Bizantino, both teachers and Spanish settlers from Annobón island.	Juan Tomás Ávila Laurel	6 November 1966
date of birth	Osama Elsamni (Japanese: エルサムニー・オサマ Erusamunī Osama, Arabic: أسامة السمني‎) (born 29 September 1988) is an Egyptian-Japanese footballer who plays as a striker for YSCC Yokohama.	Osama Elsamni	29 September 1988
date of birth	Angela Martini (born Angjela Martini on 23 May 1986) is an Albanian model and beauty pageant titleholder.	Angela Martini	23 May 1986
date of birth	Panagiotis Spyropoulos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Σπυρόπουλος, born 21 August 1992) is a Greek professional football player, who last played Panathinaikos in the Superleague.	Panagiotis Spyropoulos	21 August 1992
date of birth	Otto Decker (born 19 September 1930) is a retired German-American soccer player who earned one cap, scoring two goals, with the U.S. national team in 1953.	Otto Decker	19 September 1930
date of birth	Jiha Moon (born 1973) is a contemporary artist who focuses on painting, printmaking, and sculptural ceramic objects.	Jiha Moon	1973
date of birth	Uzi Vishkin (born 1953) is a computer scientist at the University of Maryland, College Park, where he is Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Maryland Institute for Advanced Computer Studies (UMIACS).	Uzi Vishkin	1953
date of birth	Lý Tự Trọng (Thailand 20 October 1914-Saigon, 21 November 1931) was a Vietnamese revolutionary executed by the French when he was only 17 years old.	Lý Tự Trọng	20 October 1914
date of birth	Hélène Pelosse (born 5 March 1970) was the first elected Interim Director-General of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA).	Hélène Pelosse	1970
date of birth	Ranini Cundasawmy (born 19 May 1984) is a Mauritian Muay Thai, Savate fighter, and winner of several national championships.	Ranini Cundasawmy	19 May 1984
date of birth	Tarek Natour (Arabic: طارق ناطور‎, Hebrew: טארק נאטור‎; born 18 August 1990) is an Israeli footballer.	Tarek Natour	18 August 1990
date of birth	Daniel Bayne (c 1730 -- 1769) was a Scottish born merchant and trader who came to Quebec City after the British Conquest.	Daniel Bayne	1730
date of birth	Rico Lieder (born 25 September 1971 in Burgstädt) is a retired German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Rico Lieder	25 September 1971
date of birth	Sir Francis Bond Head, 1st Baronet KCH PC (1 January 1793 -- 20 July 1875), known as ``Galloping Head'', was Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada during the rebellion of 1837.	Francis Bond Head	1 January 1793
date of birth	Douglas Scale (more commonly known as Doug Scale; born 24 January 1954) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) now known as the Australian Football League (AFL).	Doug Scale	24 January 1954
date of birth	Iruthayanathan Charles Nirmalanathan (Tamil: சார்ல்ஸ் நிர்மலநாதன்; born 24 November 1975) is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and a Member of Parliament.	Charles Nirmalanathan	24 November 1975
date of birth	Enzo Liberti (20 April 1926 -- 4 May 1986) was an Italian actor, voice actor, director and television personality.	Enzo Liberti	20 April 1926
date of birth	Øystein Paasche (born 3 May 1963) is a Norwegian musician and drummer in deLillos.	Øystein Paasche	3 May 1963
date of birth	Tony Herman (born 18 August 1967) is a retired rugby league footballer of the '80s and '90s.	Tony Herman	18 August 1967
date of birth	Liu Shifu (Chinese: 劉師復; 1884 -- 27 March 1915) was an influential figure in the Chinese revolutionary movement in the early twentieth century, and in the Chinese Anarchist movement in particular.	Liu Shifu	1884
date of birth	Eric L. Schwartz (born 1947) is Professor of Cognitive and Neural Systems, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, and Professor of Anatomy and Neurobiology at Boston University.	Eric L. Schwartz	1947
date of birth	Rev. Bradford Leavitt (born 1868) was a Harvard-educated Unitarian minister named pastor of San Francisco's First Unitarian Church in 1900 -- six years before the San Francisco earthquake.	Bradford Leavitt	1868
date of birth	Washington Iza, (1947--present) is an Ecuadorian artist known chiefly for his radical surrealistic style of painting that contrasted sharply with more traditional styles used by fellow Ecuadorian painters such as Oswaldo Guayasamin, Eduardo Kingman and Bolivar Mena Franco.	Washington Iza	1947
date of birth	Nan Yik-Pong, better known by his stage name Pong Nan (Chinese: 藍奕邦; born 15 May 1978), is a Cantopop musician, singer-songwriter and actor in Hong Kong.	Pong Nan	15 May 1978
date of birth	Andrés F. Dasso (16 June 1893 in Lima -- ??), was a Peruvian politician.	Andrés F. Dasso	1893
date of birth	Sebastian Israël (Hebrew: סבסטיאן ישראל‎, born 21 December 1977) is a former French-Israeli footballer.	Sebastian Israël	21 December 1977
date of birth	Sabeena Saleem Athika (born 1968) is an Indian bowler from Tamil Nadu.	Sabeena Saleem	1968
date of birth	Anders Flodström (born 1944) is a Swedish professor of materials physics at the Royal Institute of Technology.	Anders Flodström	1944
date of birth	Ian Fahey (born 29 June 1994) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a centre-forward for the Tipperary senior team.	Ian Fahey	29 June 1994
date of birth	Dr. Peter Finke (born 1944) is a German theoretical physicist who participated in Project-706, Pakistan's clandestine nuclear research project.	Peter Finke	1944
date of birth	Kristin Espinasse (22 December 1968) is an American born author and photographer who lives with her French husband Jean-Marc and their two children near Orange, France.	Kristin Espinasse	22 December 1968
date of birth	Raleigh DeGeer Amyx (born 1938) is an American collector of Presidential, Americana, military, sports, NASA, and Olympic artifacts, including gold, silver, and bronze winners medals presented to athletes.	Raleigh DeGeer Amyx	1938
date of birth	Ronald Hanmer (2 February 1917 -- 23 May 1994) was a British conductor, composer and arranger of light music, who spent his latter years in Australia.	Ronald Hanmer	2 February 1917
date of birth	Christian Wetklo (born 11 January 1980) is a German footballer who plays for Schalke 04 II. He made his professional debut in the Bundesliga for 1.	Christian Wetklo	11 January 1980
date of birth	Walter Copland Perry (1814 -- December 1911) was a noted British author and barrister-at-law.	Walter Copland Perry	1814
date of birth	David Downton (1959) is a fashion illustrator.	David Downton	1959
date of birth	Jiang Shuo (Chinese: 蔣朔; pinyin: Jiáng Shuò) (born 1958, Beijing, China) is a Chinese contemporary sculptor.	Jiang Shuo	1958
date of birth	Rainer Ohlhauser (born 6 January 1941 in Dilsberg, Rhein-Neckar-Kreis) is a German former footballer who played as a striker during the 1960s and 1970s.	Rainer Ohlhauser	6 January 1941
date of birth	Carl Pontus Wikner (19 May 1837 - 16 May 1888) was a famed Swedish lecturer in philosophy and professor of aesthetics in Oslo (Christiania) from 1884.	Pontus Wikner	19 May 1837
date of birth	Wang Yongpo (Chinese: 王永珀; pinyin: Wáng Yǒngpò, born 19 January 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League.	Wang Yongpo	19 January 1987
date of birth	Eric Wan Tin-chiu (born 28 October 1964) is a Hong Kong television actor best known for his role as ``Fong Tin-yau'' in the My Date with a Vampire television series trilogy produced by the Hong Kong television network ATV.	Eric Wan	28 October 1964
date of birth	Stefan Czerpak (1951--1998) was a rugby union coach and physical education teacher.	Stefan Czerpak	1951
date of birth	Teten Masduki (1963) is an Indonesian social activist involved in public clearinghouse for information about corruption, collusion, and nepotism of Indonesia.	Teten Masduki	1963
date of birth	Kase2 (also known as King Kase2 and Case2; born Jeff Brown in New York City, 1958) was a graffiti writer and a significant contributor to the hip-hop movement.	Kase2	1958
date of birth	Ji Hyun-woo (born Joo Hyung-tae on 29 November 1984) is a South Korean actor and musician.	Ji Hyun-woo	29 November 1984
date of birth	Beth A. Brown (1969 -- October 5, 2008) was a NASA astrophysicist.	Beth A. Brown	1969
date of birth	David Sammel (born in 1961 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a tennis coach, sports consultant and writer.	David Sammel	1961
date of birth	Mike Teasdale (born 28 July 1969 in Elgin, Moray) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Elgin City, Dundee and Inverness Caledonian Thistle.	Mike Teasdale	28 July 1969
date of birth	Hans Egede Saabye (July 1746 -- August 31, 1817) was a Danish priest and a missionary to Greenland.	Hans Egede Saabye	1746
date of birth	Elisa Oricchio (born 1979) is an Italian cancer researcher who discovered that EphA7 activates the tumor suppressor gene for patients with follicular lymphoma.	Elisa Oricchio	1979
date of birth	Claudine Rinner (born 1965) is a French amateur astronomer who has given her name to a minor planet and was awarded the Edgar Wilson Award award for discovering three comets.	Claudine Rinner	1965
date of birth	Rozalia Mancewicz (born 27 June 1987) is a Polish beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Polonia 2010 and represented her country in Miss Universe 2011 and in Miss International 2012.	Rozalia Mancewicz	27 June 1987
date of birth	Bindo Maserati (1883 - September, 1980) was an Italian automotive engineer and businessman, known as the manager of Maserati and one of the Maserati Brothers.	Bindo Maserati	1883
date of birth	John Robert McCrum (born 7 July 1953), is an English writer and editor.	Robert McCrum	7 July 1953
date of birth	Jakub Holuša (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjakup ˈɦoluʃa), born 20 February 1988) is a Czech middle-distance runner.	Jakub Holuša	20 February 1988
date of birth	Tim Reeves (born 28 August 1972) is an English sidecar racer from Maidstone, Kent.	Tim Reeves	28 August 1972
date of birth	Vanessa Winship (born 1960) is a British photographer who works on long term projects of portrait, landscape, reportage and documentary photography.	Vanessa Winship	1960
date of birth	Umberto Raho (4 June 1922 -- 9 January 2016) was an Italian stage, film and television actor.	Umberto Raho	4 June 1922
date of birth	Jin Qiaoqiao (born 21 April 1975) is a Chinese actress, singer and hostess of ethnic Manchu origin.	Jin Qiaoqiao	21 April 1975
date of birth	Maya Jackson Randall (1979-2013) was an American news reporter for The Wall Street Journal (WSJ).	Maya Jackson Randall	1979
date of birth	Tatyana Talysheva (Russian: Татьяна Талышева) (born 15 October 1937) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the Long Jump.	Tatyana Talysheva	15 October 1937
date of birth	Armand Point (23 March 1860 or 23 March 1861 -- February 1932 or March 1932) was a French painter, engraver and designer who was associated with the Symbolist movement and was one of the founders of the Salon de la Rose + Croix.	Armand Point	23 March 1860
date of birth	Manuel Fettner (born 17 June 1985) is an Austrian ski jumper.	Manuel Fettner	17 June 1985
date of birth	Besim Bey, full name Mehmed Besim Bey born in 1828 in the Ottoman Empire was an Ottoman public administrator and politician.	Besim Bey	1828
date of birth	Elkouria Amidane (born 29 September 1985) is a Sahrawi student and human rights activist.	Elkouria Amidane	29 September 1985
date of birth	Aminata Kamissoko (born 9 July 1985) is a Mauritanian sprint athlete.	Aminata Kamissoko	9 July 1985
date of birth	Yasra Rizvi (born 15 November 1982), is a Pakistani film, television and theatre actress and writer from Islamabad best known for working in television serials.	Yasra Rizvi	15 November 1982
date of birth	Daniela Lavender, Lady Kingsley (born 14 December 1974, former name Daniela Barbosa) is a Brazilian actress, appearing on Brazilian television, and English-language television, film and stage, including touring with the British Shakespeare Company.	Daniela Lavender	14 December 1974
date of birth	John Brake (born 22 April 1988 in London, England) is a professional rugby union player for England Sevens in the IRB Sevens World Series.	John Brake	22 April 1988
date of birth	Christopher Busby (born 1 September 1945) is a British scientist known for his controversial theories about the negative health effects of very low-dose ionising radiation.	Christopher Busby	1 September 1945
date of birth	Jozef Bubenko (born 21 March 1951) is a Slovakian football coach who recently worked as a manager for MFK Zemplín Michalovce.	Jozef Bubenko	21 March 1951
date of birth	John Brian Christopherson CBE (30 April 1868 -- 21 July 1955), was a British physician and a pioneer of chemotherapy.	John Brian Christopherson	30 April 1868
date of birth	Gustav Engelbert Holm (1883--1957) was a Swedish farm worker and member of parliament.	Gustav Engelbert Holm	1883
date of birth	Brian Finnegan (born 20 August 1969) is an Irish flute and tin whistle player from Armagh, Northern Ireland.	Brian Finnegan	20 August 1969
date of birth	Leigh Ashton (born 11 April 1956 in Manchester, England) is a South African singer, songwriter, pianist, performer and recording artist from Johannesburg, South Africa.	Leigh Ashton	11 April 1956
date of birth	Luis Carone, born in 1984, began working with Post and FX at 14.	Luis Carone	1984
date of birth	Ursula Bruhin (born 19 March 1970) is a Swiss snowboarder, World Champion in Parallel Giant Slalom in 2001 and 2003.	Ursula Bruhin	19 March 1970
date of birth	Dai Chunning (simplified Chinese: 戴春宁; traditional Chinese: 戴春寧; pinyin: Daì Chūnníng; born February 1962) is a former Chinese business executive.	Dai Chunning	February 1962
date of birth	Enda Bonner (born October 1949) is an Irish politician and sportsperson.	Enda Bonner	1949
date of birth	Salih Mahmoud Osman (born Darfur, 1957) is a Sudanese human rights lawyer.	Salih Mahmoud Osman	1957
date of birth	George Tinline (28 October 1815 -- 4 February 1895) was a nineteenth-century South Australian banker and politician.	George Tinline	28 October 1815
date of birth	Stacy Dittrich (born 2 March 1973), a former police detective from Ohio, is an American mystery novelist and true crime author.	Stacy Dittrich	2 March 1973
date of birth	Lydia Stahl (1890-?) was a secret agent who worked for Soviet Military Intelligence (GRU) in New York and Paris.	Lydia Stahl	1890
date of birth	Annie Von Behren (1857-November 30, 1882) was an American stage actress of the 19th century from New York.	Annie Von Behren	1857
date of birth	Clive Christian, OBE (born 12 July 1951) is a British designer best known for his designer kitchens and his creation of Clive Christian No. 1, the world's most expensive perfume.	Clive Christian	12 July 1951
date of birth	Eoghan Hickey (born 29 October 1981 in Dublin, Ireland) is a former professional rugby union player who played for seven professional clubs throughout four countries.	Eoghan Hickey	29 October 1981
date of birth	Thangam Thennarasu (Tamil: தங்கம் தென்னரசு) (born 3 June 1966) is an Indian politician and the minister for School Education of Tamil Nadu during 2006-2011.	Thangam Thennarasu	3 June 1966
date of birth	Nicholas Frances Chase (born Nebeil Mahayni, 1966 in Roseburg, Oregon) is an Arab-American composer and performer.	Nicholas Frances Chase	1966
date of birth	Renata Scaglia (born 24 April 1954 in Turin) is a former Italian discus thrower.	Renata Scaglia	24 April 1954
date of birth	Emma Forster (born 1976) is a South Australian television presenter, director of tourist attraction Swim with the Tuna and advisor for the company, Oceanic Victor.	Emma Forster	1976
date of birth	Giovanni Cimbalo was born in Rose (Cosenza) on 31 August 1947 and graduated in Ecclesiastic Law at the Faculty of Law of Florence in 1972 discussing the final thesis ``I rapporti tra Stato e Chiesa in Italia dallo scioglimento dell'opera dei congressi alla marcia su Roma''.	Giovanni Cimbalo	31 August 1947
date of birth	Alfred Wilm (1869--1937) was a German metallurgist who invented the alloy Al-3.5--5.5%Cu-Mg-Mn, now known as duraluminium, which is used extensively in aircraft.	Alfred Wilm	1869
date of birth	The eldest son of Joseph Phillimore, vicar of Orton-on-the-Hill, Leicestershire, by Mary, daughter of John Machin of Kensington, was born on 14 September 1775.	Joseph Phillimore	14 September 1775
date of birth	Gutierre Tibón (16 July 1905 -- 15 May 1999) was an Italian-Mexican author.	Gutierre Tibón	16 July 1905
date of birth	Silas Cooper (1778 at Wadhurst, Sussex -- 30 May 1816 at Wadhurst, Sussex) was an English professional cricketer.	Silas Cooper	1778
date of birth	Mark Trevorrow (born 4 February 1959 in Melbourne, Victoria), is an Australian comedian, television host and media personality.	Mark Trevorrow	4 February 1959
date of birth	Torkel Wetterhus (born 29 June 1944) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician.	Torkel Wetterhus	1944
date of birth	Adam Janowski (/jəˈnɒfski/; born 19 September 1987 in London) is a rugby league player for Harlequins Rugby League in the European Super League.	Adam Janowski	19 September 1987
date of birth	Annie Man Chung-Han (Chinese: 文頌嫻), born 20 July 1976, is an actress from Hong Kong.	Annie Man	20 July 1976
date of birth	V. Yuvaraj (b 1964) is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu who belongs to Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam- DMDK.	V. Yuvaraj	1964
date of birth	George Gallo, Jr. (born 1956) is an American screenwriter, film director, producer, painter and musician.	George Gallo	1956
date of birth	Yaneer Bar-Yam (born 1959) is an American physicist, systems scientist, and founding president of the New England Complex Systems Institute.	Yaneer Bar-Yam	1959
date of birth	Sophie Charlotte Elisabeth Ursinus (née Weingarten; 5 May 1760 -- 4 April 1836) was a German serial killer believed to have been responsible for poisoning her husband, aunt, and lover, and of attempting to poison her servant.	Sophie Charlotte Elisabeth Ursinus	5 May 1760
date of birth	Ralf Gyllenhammar, born 1966, is the Grammis award winning lead guitarist and vocalist of Swedish hard rock band Mustasch as well as the presenter at the Swedish TV channel TV7.	Ralf Gyllenhammar	1966
date of birth	Nicolaes de Giselaer, also Nicolaes de Geijselers, Nicolaes de Geyselers, Nicolaas de Gijselaer, Nicolaas de Gijzelaer, Nicolaes de Gyselaer, Nicolaas de Gyzelaer, Nicolaes de Ghyselaer (1583--c.1654) was a Dutch painter and draughtsman.	Nicolaes de Giselaer	1583
date of birth	Vanessa Guerra (born 1989) is a Democratic politician from Michigan who represents the 95th District in the Michigan House of Representatives.	Vanessa Guerra	1989
date of birth	Annita Pania (born Anastasia Pania, 1970) is a Greek television hostess.	Annita Pania	1970
date of birth	Ian Spink (born 8 October 1947) is an Australian-British choreographer.	Ian Spink	8 October 1947
date of birth	Senga Nengudi (born 1943) is an African-American visual artist best known for her abstract sculptures that combine found objects and choreographed performance.	Senga Nengudi	1943
date of birth	So Loi Keung (Chinese: 蘇來強; Jyutping: sou1 loi4 koeng4; born 27 October 1982 in Hong Kong) is a football player currently playing for Kitchee SC.	So Loi Keung	27 October 1982
date of birth	Willie Bermingham (March 1942 -- April 1990) was an Irish firefighter and campaigner, who founded A.L.O.N.E. ( A Little Offering Never Ends), an organisation highlighting the plight of old people living alone.	Willie Bermingham	March 1942
date of birth	Paul Wallace Gates (1901--1999) was a professor of history and general historian who is widely considered to be the foremost authority on the history of federal land policy in the United States.	Paul Wallace Gates	1901
date of birth	Vin Arthur (23 March 1905 -- 6 November 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Vin Arthur	23 March 1905
date of birth	Dr. Serhy Yekelchyk (born 13 November 1966 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian Canadian historian of Ukrainian and Russian history.	Serhy Yekelchyk	13 November 1966
date of birth	Robin Luke (born 20 March 1942, Los Angeles, California) is an American rockabilly singer who is best known for his 1958 song, ``Susie Darlin'''.	Robin Luke	20 March 1942
date of birth	Toni Santagata, stage name of Antonio Morese (born 9 December 1935) is an Italian folk singer, composer, comedian and actor.	Toni Santagata	9 December 1935
date of birth	Pope John XXII (Latin: Ioannes XXII; 1244 -- 4 December 1334), born Jacques Duèze (or d'Euse), was Pope from 7 August 1316 to his death in 1334.	Pope John XXII	1244
date of birth	Absar Ahmad (born 1945) is a distinguished Pakistani philosopher.	Absar Ahmad	1945
date of birth	Per Inge Torkelsen (born 21 March 1953) is a Norwegian comic, author, radio personality, and self declared clown.	Per Inge Torkelsen	21 March 1953
date of birth	Mick Stallard (1944--2002) was an English racing cyclist.	Mick Stallard	1944
date of birth	Boris Dežulović (born 20 November 1964) is a Croatian journalist and writer, best known as one of the founders of the now defunct satirical magazine Feral Tribune.	Boris Dežulović	20 November 1964
date of birth	Jennarong Muengtaweepongsa (Thai: เจนณรงค์ มุ่งทวีพงษา, born 19 March 2000), also known as VanaticalDesign, is a Thai automobile designer known for designs such as the Koenigseggs Utagera and Legera concepts and the Aston Martin DB11 concept, among others.	Jennarong Muengtaweepongsa	19 March 2000
date of birth	Mats Lidström (born 1959) is a solo cellist, recording artist, chamber musician, composer, teacher and publisher.	Mats Lidström	1959
date of birth	Avi Barot (born 25 June 1992) is an Indian first-class cricketer who plays for Haryana.	Avi Barot	25 June 1992
date of birth	Steven Polack (born 10 January 1961) is an English football manager and former footballer who also holds a Finnish citizenship.	Steven Polack	10 January 1961
date of birth	Luke Barnatt (born 13 April 1988) is an English mixed martial artist who fought as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Luke Barnatt	13 April 1988
date of birth	Thomas Tulis (born 1961) is an American photographer and painter living and working in Atlanta, Georgia.	Thomas Tulis	1961
date of birth	John McEntee Bowman (1875 -- October 28, 1931) was a Canadian-born businessman, American hotelier and horseman, and the founding president of Bowman-Biltmore Hotels Corp.	John McEntee Bowman	1875
date of birth	Libby Sharpe (born 27 November 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) player currently playing for Newcastle United Jets.	Libby Sharpe	27 November 1991
date of birth	Andrea Ehrig-Mitscherlich (née Mitscherlich, also known as Andrea Schöne-Mitscherlich, born 1 December 1960) is a retired East German speed skater.	Andrea Ehrig-Mitscherlich	1 December 1960
date of birth	Vratislav Hugo Brunner (15 October 1886 - July 13, 1928) was a Czech typographer, illustrator, graphic designer, cartoonist, author, toy and stage designer and painter.	Vratislav Hugo Brunner	15 October 1886
date of birth	Orion Ximenes Filho (1945--unknown) is a Brazilian actor and voice-over artist.	Orion Ximenes Filho	1945
date of birth	Augustus Hemenway (1853--1931) was a philanthropist and public servant in Boston, Massachusetts, in the latter part of the 19th century.	Augustus Hemenway	1853
date of birth	Katalin Marton is a Hungarian mathematician born 1941 in Budapest.	Katalin Marton	1941
date of birth	William Beach (c. 1815 Auburn, Cayuga County, New York -- March 14, 1860 Albany, New York) was an American politician from New York.	William Beach	1815
date of birth	Yul Edochie (born Yul Chibuike Daniel Edochie 7 January 1982) is a Nigerian actor, named after popular Russian actor Yul Brynner.	Yul Edochie	7 January 1982
date of birth	Heinrich Gustav Flörke (24 December 1764, Altenkalden in Mecklenburg -- 11 June 1835) was a German botanist and lichenologist.	Heinrich Gustav Flörke	24 December 1764
date of birth	Ophelia S. Lewis (born 7 November 1961) is a Liberian author and publisher and humanitarian .	Ophelia S. Lewis	7 November 1961
date of birth	Field Marshal Sir Patrick Grant, GCB GCMG (11 September 1804 -- 28 March 1895) was a senior Indian Army officer.	Patrick Grant	11 September 1804
date of birth	Thomas Lüthi (born 6 September 1986) is a professional motorcycle road racer currently competing in the Moto2 Grand Prix World Championship.	Thomas Lüthi	6 September 1986
date of birth	John Shum Kin-Fun (born 1952) is a Hong Kong actor and film producer.	John Shum	1952
date of birth	Lewis Combs (1895 -- May 1996), was a United States Admiral who helped found and direct the famed ``Seabees'' construction battalions in World War II. He died at age 101 in Red Hook, New York.	Lewis Combs	1895
date of birth	Paine Proffitt (born 1972; Phoenix, Arizona) is an American-born artist living in England, best known for his sporting works and for his depiction of the ``working man's life''.	Paine Proffitt	1972
date of birth	Henry William Petre (1820 -- 3 December 1889) was colonial treasurer of New Munster Province.	Henry William Petre	1820
date of birth	Max Kahn (1902--2005) was a Litvak lithographer, painter and sculptor born in Slonim, Belarus in 1902.	Max Kahn	1902
date of birth	Richard Mark Elson (born 10 February 1979) is an English writer, director and editor for film and television.	Richard Mark Elson	10 February 1979
date of birth	Matt O'Mahoney (19 January 1913 -- 1992) was an Irish footballer who played for, among others, Bristol Rovers and Ipswich Town.	Matt O'Mahoney	19 January 1913
date of birth	Julio Roloff (b. Havana, 1951) is a Cuban composer that has collaborated with the Laboratorio Nacional de Música Electroacústica (LNME) founded by composer Juan Blanco, where he created numerous electroacoustic pieces.	Julio Roloff	1951
date of birth	Kseniia Levkovska, Ukrainian Ксенія Левковська (patronymic: Юріївна), born 13 October 1989 in Kharkiv (Ukrainian: Харків), is a professional Ukrainian triathlete and reserve member of the National Team.	Kseniia Levkovska	13 October 1989
date of birth	Malik Rahim (born Donald Guyton in 1948) is a former Black Panther, and a long-time housing and prison activist in the U.S. state of Louisiana.	Malik Rahim	1948
date of birth	Karine Vallières (born 19 March 1978) is a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Richmond, first elected in the 2012 election.	Karine Vallières	19 March 1978
date of birth	Ralph Verney, 1st Earl Verney (18 March 1683 -- 4 October 1752), styled The Honourable from 1703 to 1717 and subsequently known as The Viscount Fermanagh until 1742, was an Irish peer and Tory politician.	Ralph Verney, 1st Earl Verney	18 March 1683
date of birth	Marisa Laurito (born 19 April 1951) is an Italian actress, singer and television personality.	Marisa Laurito	19 April 1951
date of birth	Swami Sundaranand (born 1926 in India) is a Yogi, photographer, author and mountaineer who lectures widely in India on threats to the Ganges River and the loss of Himalayan glaciers due to global warming.	Swami Sundaranand	1926
date of birth	Adam Kuban (born 1974 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is the current editor and founding publisher of Slice NY, a weblog devoted to the subject of pizza.	Adam Kuban	1974
date of birth	Andrew Mawson, Baron Mawson, OBE (born 8 November 1954) is an English social entrepreneur.	Andrew Mawson, Baron Mawson	8 November 1954
date of birth	Rafat Muhammad (born 6 July 1977) is a former Syrian footballer and current coach of Al-Wahda.	Rafat Muhammad	6 July 1977
date of birth	Hugh Harra (born 29 March 1936) was a Scottish footballer who played for Falkirk and Dumbarton.	Hugh Harra	29 March 1936
date of birth	Rena Sinakin Oliver (born March 1949) is an American record producer, singer/songwriter and artist.	Rena Sinakin	1949
date of birth	Alan Clayson (born 3 May 1951, Dover, Kent) is an English singer-songwriter, author and music journalist.	Alan Clayson	3 May 1951
date of birth	Ximena Zomosa (born 1966, Santiago, Chile) is a visual artist and curator who works in contemporary art and conceptual art, whose work demonstrates -- from the perspective of gender-- a discourse that is fundamentally feminine.	Ximena Zomosa	1966
date of birth	Henry Walter (1611--1678?) was a Welsh Anglican priest who became a Puritan.	Henry Walter	1611
date of birth	Mario Gjurovski or Mario Đurovski (Macedonian: Марио Ѓуровски; born 11 December 1985) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for Bangkok United.	Mario Gjurovski	11 December 1985
date of birth	Matthias Brändle (born 7 December 1989) is an Austrian professional road bicycle racer for UCI world tour team IAM Cycling.	Matthias Brändle	7 December 1989
date of birth	Vladimir IV Rurikovich (Ukrainian: Володимир Рюрикович; Russian: Владимир Рюрикович) (1187 -- March 3, 1239), Prince of Pereyaslavl (1206--1213), Smolensk (1213--1219) and Grand Prince of Kiev (1223--1235).	Vladimir IV Rurikovich	1187
date of birth	Gene Kelton (10 April 1953 -- 28 December 2010) was an American guitarist, harmonica player and singer-songwriter, based in Houston, Texas.	Gene Kelton	10 April 1953
date of birth	Gedhun Choekyi Nyima (born 25 April 1989) is the 11th Panchen Lama of Tibetan Buddhism as recognised by the Dalai Lama and various other Tibetan Buddhist leaders.	Gedhun Choekyi Nyima	25 April 1989
date of birth	Mark Anthony Jarman (born 11 June 1955 in Edmonton, Alberta) is an award-winning Canadian fiction writer.	Mark Anthony Jarman	11 June 1955
date of birth	Norbert Michelisz (born 8 August 1984, Himesháza) is a Hungarian auto racing driver, who currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship.	Norbert Michelisz	8 August 1984
date of birth	Abebech Afework Bekele (born 11 December 1990) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises half marathon races.	Abebech Afework	11 December 1990
date of birth	Johann Faber (1478 -- May 21, 1541) was a Catholic theologian known for his writings opposing the Protestant Reformation and the growing Anabaptist movement.	Johann Faber	1478
date of birth	Peter Zummo (born 1948) is an American composer and musician.	Peter Zummo	1948
date of birth	Charles Weissmann (born 14 October 1931) is a Hungarian-born Swiss molecular biologist.	Charles Weissmann	14 October 1931
date of birth	Zoltán Vasas (born 5 November 1977) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Vecsés FC in the Hungarian second division.	Zoltán Vasas	5 November 1977
date of birth	Tsao Chang (Chinese: 张操 born 1942 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese-American physicist.	Tsao Chang	1942
date of birth	George Ward Cole F.R.G.S., Commander R.N. (15 November 1793 -- 26 April 1879) was a Royal Navy officer and politician in Australia, member of the Victorian Legislative Council.	George Ward Cole	15 November 1793
date of birth	James Waddel (or Waddell, July 1739 -- September 17, 1805) was an Irish American Presbyterian preacher from Virginia noted for his eloquence.	James Waddel	July 1739
date of birth	Rod J. Rosenstein (born in 1965) is the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Maryland and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.	Rod J. Rosenstein	1965
date of birth	Henry Richards Luard (25 August 1825, London -- 1 May 1891, Cambridge) was a British medieval historian and antiquary.	Henry Richards Luard	25 August 1825
date of birth	Vladimir Nesterov (Russian: Нестеров Владимир Евгеньевич) (born 1 July 1949) is the general director of Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center, one of the world's leading space launch providers.	Vladimir Nesterov	1 July 1949
date of birth	Magomed Kurugliyev (born 16 January 1974 in Dagestan) is a Lezgin from Dagestan.	Magomed Kurugliyev	16 January 1974
date of birth	Adnan Hamidović (born 31 May 1982), better known by his stage name Frenkie, is a Bosnian rapper from Bijeljina.	Frenkie	31 May 1982
date of birth	Alessia Fabiani (born 10 December 1976) is an Italian model, showgirl and TV presenter.	Alessia Fabiani	10 December 1976
date of birth	Sabine Bothe also known as Sabine Adamik (born 8 July 1960) is a German handball goalkeeper.	Sabine Bothe	8 July 1960
date of birth	Samir Nassar (born on 5 July 1950 in Nebay, Lebanon) is the current archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus.	Samir Nassar	5 July 1950
date of birth	Louis de la Pivardière (15 November 1661 - ????), also known as Louis Dubouchet, was a French nobleman.	Louis de la Pivardière	15 November 1661
date of birth	Pier Silvio Berlusconi (born on 28 April 1969) is an Italian entrepreneur in the media business.	Pier Silvio Berlusconi	28 April 1969
date of birth	Rodolfo Carbone (1928 -- May 25, 2008) was a Brazilian football (soccer) player in striker role.	Rodolfo Carbone	1928
date of birth	Poojashree Venkatesha (Kannada: ಪುಜಶ್ರೀ ವೆಂಕಾತೆಷಾ; born 27 July 1990 in Mandya) is an Indian tennis player, primarily competing on the ITF Women's Circuit.	Poojashree Venkatesha	27 July 1990
date of birth	Sébastien Rémy (born 16 April 1974) is a former Luxembourgian footballer, playing on the left side of midfield.	Sébastien Rémy	16 April 1974
date of birth	Jay Pond-Jones (born 1 July 1957 in London) is a British TV producer and writer.	Jay Pond-Jones	1 July 1957
date of birth	Paul Verhaeghen (born 1965) is a Belgian novelist, writing in his native Dutch.	Paul Verhaeghen	1965
date of birth	Frank Sytner (born 29 June 1944 in Liverpool) is a British racing driver, a Life Member of the BRDC, and was the 1988 British Touring Car Champion, driving a BMW M3.	Frank Sytner	29 June 1944
date of birth	Sirena Huang (born May 18, 1994) is a Taiwanese American concert violinist.	Sirena Huang	1994
date of birth	Barry Smyth (1973, Keady, County Armagh) is an Irish former head chef and restaurant owner.	Barry Smyth	1973
date of birth	Coleman O. Parsons, also Coleman Parsons, 1905-1991, was a scholar, author and professor of literature, last as Professor Emeritus of English at CUNY's City College.	Coleman Parsons	1905
date of birth	Calum MacPherson (born Cambridge England 1964) is a British character actor and musician.	Calum MacPherson	1964
date of birth	Bill Tyquin (1919--1999) was an Australian rugby league footballer.	Bill Tyquin	1919
date of birth	Kevin Ablett (born 26 March 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn, Richmond and Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Kevin Ablett	26 March 1958
date of birth	Peter Baro (1534--1599) was a French Huguenot minister, ordained by John Calvin, but later in England a critic of some Calvinist theological positions.	Peter Baro	1534
date of birth	Frederick Charles Porter (1832-1869) was an Australian miner and explorer of the Gippsland region of Victoria.	Frederick Charles Porter	1832
date of birth	Branko Strupar (born 9 February 1970) is a former Croatian-Belgian football striker.	Branko Strupar	9 February 1970
date of birth	Julius Mendes Price (1857 -- 29 September 1924) was an artist, war correspondent, explorer, traveller, journalist and caricaturist for Vanity Fair (signed ``Imp'', ``Jmp'' or ``jmp'').	Julius Mendes Price	1857
date of birth	Portia Lee James DeGeneres (born Amanda Lee Rogers; 31 January 1973), known professionally as Portia de Rossi /ˈpɔərʃə də ˈrɒsi/, is an Australian American actress, model and philanthropist, known for her roles as lawyer Nelle Porter on the television series Ally McBeal and Lindsay Fünke on the sitcom Arrested Development.	Portia de Rossi	31 January 1973
date of birth	Janez Stanovnik (born 4 August 1922) is a Slovenian economist, politician, and former partisan.	Janez Stanovnik	4 August 1922
date of birth	Timothy Hodge (born October 17, 1985), better known by his stage name Tim Vocals, is an American recording artist, singer, rapper and songwriter.	Tim Vocals	1985
date of birth	Anamika Choudhari (also spelt as Anamika Chaudhary), born on July 7, 1995 in Mariani, Jorhat of Assam belongs to Bengali/ Assamese Hindu family and was the winner in Zee TV's children's singing competition Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs International.	Anamika Choudhari	1995
date of birth	Krista Woodward (born 22 November 1984) is Canadian track and field athlete specialising in the javelin throw.	Krista Woodward	22 November 1984
date of birth	Stefan Sznuk, OC (1896 -- May 6, 1986) was a pioneering Polish aviator, as well as an Air Force Major-General and was among the first to join the new Polish Air Force in 1919.	Stefan Sznuk	1896
date of birth	Hirano Tsukasa (Japanese: 平野司, born 28 April 1983 in Osaka) is a Japanese triathlete.	Hirano Tsukasa	28 April 1983
date of birth	Paolo Isnardi (c. 1536 - May 5, 1596) was a late-Renaissance choirmaster and composer.	Paolo Isnardi	1536
date of birth	Anvari (1126--1189), full name Awhad ad-Din 'Ali ibn Mohammad Khavarani or Awhad ad-Din 'Ali ibn Mahmud (Persian: اوحد الدین علی ابن محد انوری‎) was a Persian poet.	Anvari	1126
date of birth	Nazaria Lagos (28 August 1851 - 27 January 1945) was a caring and self-sacrificing patriot of the Revolution and the Philippine-American War.	Nazaria Lagos	28 August 1851
date of birth	Susan McMaster (born 1950) is a Canadian poet, literary editor, spoken word/performance poet, and 2011-12 President of the League of Canadian Poets.	Susan McMaster	1950
date of birth	Corin Hewitt (born 1971) is an American sculptor and photographer.	Corin Hewitt	1971
date of birth	Ger Lynch (born 10 December 1958) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a wing back for the Kerry senior team.	Ger Lynch	10 December 1958
date of birth	Fábio André da Silva Ferraz (born 14 July 1985), commonly known as Tiquinho, is an Angolan international footballer who plays as a right winger.	Tiquinho	14 July 1985
date of birth	Nick Brandt (born 1966) is an English photographer who photographs exclusively in the African continent, one of his goals being to record a last testament to the wild animals and places there before they are destroyed by the hands of man.	Nick Brandt	1966
date of birth	Gunn Wærsted (born 16 March 1955) is a Norwegian businessperson, with prominent positions in finance and banking.	Gunn Wærsted	1955
date of birth	Harold Coward (born 1936) is a Canadian scholar of bioethics and religious studies.	Harold Coward	1936
date of birth	Jakob Sporrenberg (16 September 1902 -- 6 December 1952) was a SS-Gruppenführer und Generalleutnant der Polizei in Minsk, Belarus and Lublin, Poland.	Jakob Sporrenberg	16 September 1902
date of birth	Colin Seeley (born Colin Jordan Seeley, 2 January 1936 in Crayford, Kent, England) is an English former motorcycle retailer who later became a successful motorcycle sidecar racer, motorcycle designer, constructor and retailer of accessories.	Colin Seeley	2 January 1936
date of birth	Yvonne Antrobus (born 1 November 1940) is a British novelist, abridger, radio dramatist, and actress.	Yvonne Antrobus	1 November 1940
date of birth	Chhunly Pagenburg (born 10 November 1986) is a German footballer of Cambodian descent, who played as a striker.	Chhunly Pagenburg	10 November 1986
date of birth	Aviva Cantor (born 1940) is an American journalist, lecturer and author.	Aviva Cantor	1940
date of birth	Nourdine Bourhane (born 1958) is a politician from the Comoros and one of the Vice Presidents of the Comoros since May 2011.	Nourdine Bourhane	1958
date of birth	Mirjam Kristensen (born 17 May 1978) is a Norwegian novelist and non-fiction writer.	Mirjam Kristensen	17 May 1978
date of birth	Owen Medlock (born 8 March 1938) is a former English footballer who played for Oxford United, Chelsea and Swindon Town.	Owen Medlock	8 March 1938
date of birth	Ioannis Chalkeus (Aromanian: Joan Chalkeus, Greek: Ιωάννης Χαλκεύς, 1667-between 1730 and 1740) or Chalkias, was an Aromanian scholar, philosopher and figure of the modern Greek Enlightenment.	Ioannis Chalkeus	1667
date of birth	Patricia van der Vliet (born 14 July 1989) is a Dutch fashion model, who placed fourth in the fourth cycle of the reality television show Holland's Next Top Model.	Patricia van der Vliet	14 July 1989
date of birth	Shykh Seraj (born 28 June 1956) is a Bangladeshi journalist, media personality and agriculture development activist.	Shykh Seraj	28 June 1956
date of birth	Denise Johns (born 9 December 1978) is a professional beach volleyball player.	Denise Johns	9 December 1978
date of birth	Georgios Panagiotopoulos (Greek: Γεώργιος Παναγιωτόπουλος; born 12 August 1969) is a retired Greek sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.	Georgios Panagiotopoulos	12 August 1969
date of birth	Teodosie Bârcă (born Tătărăuca Nouă, Soroca District, 1894 - year of death unknown) was a Bessarabian politician.	Teodosie Bârcă	1894
date of birth	Varban Stamatov (Bulgarian: Върбан Стаматов) (27 May 1924 -- 23 November 1998) was a Bulgarian writer, marine novelist, publicist and editor.	Varban Stamatov	27 May 1924
date of birth	David D'Antoni (born 28 January 1979) is an Italian footballer who played over 150 games at Italian Serie B.	David D'Antoni	28 January 1979
date of birth	Douwe Eisenga (born in 1961, Apeldoorn) is a Dutch composer.	Douwe Eisenga	1961
date of birth	Petros Fyssoun (Greek: Πέτρος Φυσσούν; born 5 October 1933) is a Greek actor in film and television.	Petros Fyssoun	5 October 1933
date of birth	Tô Linh Hương, (born 1988 in Hanoi) is a Vietnamese businesswoman, serving as Chairman and CEO of state-running real estate company Vinaconex - PVC (PVV), a construction investment joint stock company.	Tô Linh Hương	1988
date of birth	Aldo Franchi (21 March 1882 Milan -- Unknown) was an Italian racecar driver.	Aldo Franchi	21 March 1882
date of birth	Richard Ringer (born 27 February 1989 in Überlingen) is a German athlete specialising in the long-distance and cross-country running.	Richard Ringer	27 February 1989
date of birth	Yiannis Dimitras (Greek: Γιάννης Δημητράς; born 1954) is a Greek singer.	Yiannis Dimitras	1954
date of birth	Trefor Owen (20 February 1933--July 2001) was a Welsh amateur football centre half who played in the Football League for Leyton Orient.	Trefor Owen	20 February 1933
date of birth	Seán Dillon (born 30 July 1983) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership.	Seán Dillon	30 July 1983
date of birth	Mary Goelet, Duchess of Roxburghe (a.k.a. May Goelet) (1878-1937) was an American heiress and later Duchess.	Mary Goelet	1878
date of birth	Hans Groop, born 1932 in Vaasa is a Finnish yacht designer based in Helsinki.	Hans Groop	1932
date of birth	Matthieu Tota (born 26 September 1985), commonly known as M. Pokora or Matt Pokora, is a French singer and songwriter.	M. Pokora	26 September 1985
date of birth	Dara Horn (born 1977) is an American novelist and professor of literature.	Dara Horn	1977
date of birth	Nancy Folbre (19 July 1952) is an American feminist economist who focuses on economics and the family (or family economics), non-market work and the economics of care.	Nancy Folbre	19 July 1952
date of birth	Cemal Azmi (1868 -- April 17, 1922), also spelled Jemal Azmi, was an Ottoman politician and governor of the Trabzon Vilayet during World War I and the final years of the Ottoman Empire.	Cemal Azmi	1868
date of birth	Adriana Faranda (born 7 August 1950) is an Italian former terrorist, who was a member of the Red Brigades during the kidnapping of Aldo Moro.	Adriana Faranda	7 August 1950
date of birth	Mark Bradly (born 24 January 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and for North Ballarat in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Mark Bradly	24 January 1977
date of birth	Else-Marie Lindgren (born 1949) is a Swedish Christian democratic politician.	Else-Marie Lindgren	1949
date of birth	Rosemary Beresford (born 1898, date of death unknown) was an American figure skater.	Rosemary Beresford	1898
date of birth	Ricardo Forster (born 26 September 1957) is an Argentine philosopher, historian of ideas and political critic He is professor and researcher at Universidad de Buenos Aires and University of Maryland.	Ricardo Forster	26 September 1957
date of birth	Mohammed Ali Abdallah Addarrat (born 13 September 1975 Tripoli, Libya) is a Libyan political activist.	Mohammed Ali Abdallah	13 September 1975
date of birth	Jack Woodford (1894--1971) was an American novelist and non-fiction writer, author of successful pulp novels and non-fiction of the 1930s and 1940s.	Jack Woodford	1894
date of birth	Abdelkarim Jouaiti (Arabic: عبد الكريم جويطي) (born 1962) is a Moroccan novelist.	Abdelkarim Jouaiti	1962
date of birth	Stan Rodgerson (20 June 1894 -- 22 December 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Stan Rodgerson	20 June 1894
date of birth	Paulina Guba (born 14 May 1991) is a Polish athlete specialising in the shot put.	Paulina Guba	14 May 1991
date of birth	Peter Inman (writing as P. Inman) is an American poet who was born in 1947 and raised on Long Island.	P. Inman	1947
date of birth	Fergus Johnston (born 21 May 1959 in Dublin) is an Irish composer and member of Aosdána.	Fergus Johnston	1959
date of birth	Josh Fraser (born 5 January 1982) is a coach and former player of Australian rules football.	Josh Fraser	5 January 1982
date of birth	Terje Tvedt (born 24 August 1951) is a Norwegian academic, author and film maker.	Terje Tvedt	24 August 1951
date of birth	Abas Daud (born 10 August 1969) is a FIFA registered referee since 2006.	Abas Daud	10 August 1969
date of birth	Czech artist Stanislav Lolek (1873-1936) is best known for his illustrations in the serialized novella (daily comic) Liška Bystrouška.	Stanislav Lolek	1873
date of birth	Frank A. Ready (1884 -- 1961) was a hotel man, working mostly in New York City from 1903 until his death in 1961.	Frank A. Ready	1884
date of birth	Keith W. Olson (born 4 August 1931) is an award winning American author, historian and lecturer specializing twentieth-century history in the United States.	Keith W. Olson	4 August 1931
date of birth	Orly Azoulay (HE: אורלי_אזולאי) (Born: 1953) is an Israeli-American Journalist and Political Writer who works for Yedioth Ahronoth.	Orly Azoulay	1953
date of birth	Martin Bulloch (born 14 August 1974) is a Scottish musician, best known for being a member of Mogwai.	Martin Bulloch	14 August 1974
date of birth	Steven M. LaValle (born 1968 in St. Louis, USA) is an American computer scientist, and Professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Steven M. LaValle	1968
date of birth	Matthew Baylis (b. Nottingham, 1971) also known as Matt Baylis and M.H. Baylis is a British novelist, screenwriter and journalist.	Matthew Baylis	1971
date of birth	Ola Jonsmoen (born 9 July 1932) is a Norwegian educator, poet, novelist and children's writer.	Ola Jonsmoen	9 July 1932
date of birth	Irini Mouchou (Greek: Ειρήνη Μούχου; also transliterated as Mouhou by the International Triathlon Union) (born 7 January 1987 in Mytilene, Lesbos) is a Greek professional triathlete and Greek National Champion of the year 2009.	Irini Mouchou	7 January 1987
date of birth	Miranda Tapsell (born 1988) is an Indigenous Australian actress of both stage and screen, best known for her role as Cynthia in the Wayne Blair film, The Sapphires and her award winning 2015 performance as Martha Tennant in the Channel 9 drama series, Love Child.	Miranda Tapsell	1988
date of birth	Humphrey McQueen (born 26 June 1942) is an Australian author, historian, and cultural commentator.	Humphrey McQueen	1942
date of birth	John Philip Elers (7 September 1664 -- 1738) was a Dutch potter, working in England.	John Philip Elers	7 September 1664
date of birth	Marie Ehrling is a Swedish Executive, (Born 5 May 1955).	Marie Ehrling	5 May 1955
date of birth	John Rocca (born 23 September 1960, London, England) became known first as a dance music performer, remixer and record producer.	John Rocca	23 September 1960
date of birth	Jan Mortel (baptized 16 October 1652 -- 15 October 1719) was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter.	Jan Mortel	16 October 1652
date of birth	Ham Kee-yong (born November 14, 1930) is a former South Korean athlete, best known as the winner of the 1950 Boston Marathon.	Ham Kee-yong	1930
date of birth	Justin Crawford (born 20 March 1977 in Finley) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sydney and Hawthorn in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Justin Crawford	20 March 1977
date of birth	Jonathan Phillippe (born 24 January 1988 in Navarro) is an Argentine Striker who currently plays for America de Cali.	Jonathan Phillippe	24 January 1988
date of birth	Stonebwoy is the stage name of Livingstone Etse Satekla (born 1988), a Ghanaian afropop, dancehall and reggae artiste and is the CEO of Burniton Music Group.	Stonebwoy	1988
date of birth	Máire Nic an Bhaird (Irish pronunciation: (ˈmˠaːɾʲənʲəcəˈwaːɾʲdʲ); English: Moira Ward; born 1982) is a secondary school teacher and Irish language activist from Dunmurry, County Antrim in Northern Ireland.	Máire Nic an Bhaird	1982
date of birth	Beno Axionov(Belarusian: Бэна Максавіч Аксёнаў; Russian: Бэно Максович Аксёнов, Beno Maksovich Aksyonov, Romanian: Băno Axionov; born 2 April 1946) is a Russian-Moldovan actor, director, drama teacher, screenwriter.	Beno Axionov	2 April 1946
date of birth	Don Coppersmith (born c. 1950) is a cryptographer and mathematician.	Don Coppersmith	1950
date of birth	Josh Tenge (born December 1978) is a professional sandboarder who has won four world championships and five national titles.	Josh Tenge	December 1978
date of birth	Adrian Georg Iselin (1818-1905) was a New York financier who invested in and developed real estate, railroads, and mining operations.	Adrian Georg Iselin	1818
date of birth	Franklin B. Ware (1873--May 3, 1945) was an American architect, best known for serving as the state architect of New York from 1907 to 1912.	Franklin B. Ware	1873
date of birth	Charlie Dore (born 1956, Pinner, Middlesex) is an English singer-songwriter and actress.	Charlie Dore	1956
date of birth	Titus Flavius Justus (Greek: Τίτος Θλάβιος Ίούστος, born 76) was an aristocratic, wealthy Roman Jew.	Flavius Justus	76
date of birth	Mohammad Talha ( born 15 October 1988) is a Pakistani right-arm fast-medium bowler.	Mohammad Talha	15 October 1988
date of birth	Graciela Chichilnisky (born 1944) is an Argentine American mathematical economist and an authority on climate change.	Graciela Chichilnisky	1944
date of birth	John Holladay (March 10, 1798 -- December 31, 1861) was a founder and namesake of the settlement of Holladay's Burg, Utah Territory, which became Holladay, Utah.	John Holladay	1798
date of birth	Barent van Kalraet, or Barent Pietersz Calraat (16 August 1649 - 9 February 1737) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and the younger brother of Abraham Calraet.	Barent van Kalraet	16 August 1649
date of birth	Costas Papacostas (Greek: Κώστας Παπακώστας; 12 November 1939 -- 21 September 2015) was the Cypriot Minister of Defence from 2008 to 2011.	Costas Papacostas	12 November 1939
date of birth	Declan Bennett (born 20 March 1981) is an English singer-songwriter and actor.	Declan Bennett	20 March 1981
date of birth	Lapidar Lladrovci(born 15 December 1990 in Gllogovc) is an Kosovon professional footballer who plays for Kukësi in Albanian Superliga.	Lapidar Lladrovci	15 December 1990
date of birth	Russ Kick (born 1969) is an American writer, editor, publisher and conspiracy theorist.	Russ Kick	1969
date of birth	Zhou Zhengyi (Chinese: 周正毅; pinyin: Zhōu Zhèngyì; born 23 April 1961, in Yangpu District, Shanghai; Known in Hong Kong as Chau Ching Ngai) is a prominent businessman and property developer from Shanghai, China.	Zhou Zhengyi	1961
date of birth	Gabriel Hallevy (born 1973) is full professor of criminal law, criminal justice, evidence law, conflict of laws, corporation law and hi-tech law at the Faculty of Law, Ono Academic College, the largest faculty of law in Israel.	Gabriel Hallevy	1973
date of birth	Prasad Priyankara Wickramasinghe (born 12 May 1977, Colombo) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for the Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club, Sri Lankan A team and the Sri Lankan Board XI.	Priyankara Wickramasinghe	12 May 1977
date of birth	Igor Duljaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Дуљај; born 29 October 1979) is a retired Serbian professional footballer.	Igor Duljaj	29 October 1979
date of birth	Richard Rothwell (20 November 1800 -- 13 September 1868) was a nineteenth-century Irish portrait and genre painter.	Richard Rothwell	20 November 1800
date of birth	Samuel Emmanuel Suka (born 10 September 1983) is a retired Beninese football player who last plays for Liberty Professionals.	Samuel Emmanuel Suka	10 September 1983
date of birth	Xavier de Le Rue (born 1 July 1979) is a French big mountain snowboarder, who started his pro career competing on the Boardercross pro tour (organized at the time by the International Snowboard Federation).	Xavier de Le Rue	1 July 1979
date of birth	Knut Aalefjær (born 21 December 1974 in Bærum) is a Norwegian jazz musician (drums and percussion), and composer, educated at the Norwegian Academy of Music.	Knut Aalefjær	21 December 1974
date of birth	Margaret Starbird (born 18 June 1942) is the author of seven books arguing for the existence of a secret Christian tradition that held Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene, calling it the ``Grail heresy'', after having set out to discredit the bloodline hypothesis contained in The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail.	Margaret Starbird	1942
date of birth	Jenni Williams (born 1962) is a Zimbabwean human rights activist and founder of Women of Zimbabwe Arise (Woza).	Jenni Williams	1962
date of birth	Jaromír Tarabus (born 21 March 1977) is one of the Czech top rally drivers (3rd overall in Czech rally Championship in 2010, 2012 and 2013. Title in group N 2006. Titles in class N2 in 2001, 2003, 2005. Title in class N1 in 2000).	Jaromír Tarabus	21 March 1977
date of birth	Duncan Chisholm (born 31 October 1968) is a Scottish fiddle player and composer.	Duncan Chisholm	31 October 1968
date of birth	George A. Brown (1885-1940) was a Scottish businessman, and manager of the Rangoon Times from 1915 up until his death in 1940.	George A. Brown	1885
date of birth	Roger Dilkes (born 16 August 1948) is an English former football referee who officiated in the Football League and Premier League.	Roger Dilkes	16 August 1948
date of birth	Her Excellency Dr. Inonge Mbikusita-Lewanika (born 10 July 1943, Senanga) is a Zambian politician who has served as Ambassador of the Republic of Zambia to the United States of America.	Inonge Mbikusita-Lewanika	10 July 1943
date of birth	Vittorio Jano (Hungarian: János Viktor; 22 April 1891 -- 13 March 1965) was an Italian automobile designer of Hungarian descent from the 1920s through 1960s.	Vittorio Jano	22 April 1891
date of birth	Tim Heaphy (born 1964) is a white-collar criminal defense attorney, law professor and a former United States Attorney for the Western District of Virginia.	Tim Heaphy	1964
date of birth	Herb Schmalenberger (1925 - June 27, 2006) was a college football coach at UC Davis.	Herb Schmalenberger	1925
date of birth	Đorđe Lašić or Đorđije Lašić (1906--1944) was a military officer of the Royal Yugoslav Army.	Đorđe Lašić	1906
date of birth	Grainger McKoy (born in 1947) is an artist who draws inspiration from the dynamics of bird behavior.	Grainger McKoy	1947
date of birth	Jacques Diouf (born 1 August 1938) is a Senegalese diplomat who was Director-General of the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) from January 1994 to 31 December 2011.	Jacques Diouf	1 August 1938
date of birth	Goran Navojec (born 10 October 1970) is Croatian actor, known for many roles on television series and in feature films.	Goran Navojec	10 October 1970
date of birth	Jordan Allan (born 20 October 1998) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers, as a striker.	Jordan Allan	20 October 1998
date of birth	Anne Alvik (born 7 May 1937) is a Norwegian physician and civil servant.	Anne Alvik	7 May 1937
date of birth	Daniel M'Naghten (pronounced, and sometimes spelled, McNaughtan or McNaughton) (1813--1865) was a Scottish woodturner who assassinated English civil servant Edward Drummond while suffering from paranoid delusions.	Daniel M'Naghten	1813
date of birth	Jerome Davis Greene (1874-1959) was an America banker and a trustee to several major organizations and trusts including the Brookings Institution and the Rockefeller Foundation.	Jerome Davis Greene	1874
date of birth	Mikhail Zubkov (Russian: Михаил Зубков; born 24 August 1968) is a retired Russian swimmer.	Mikhail Zubkov	24 August 1968
date of birth	Susan Rogers Cooper (born 1947) is an American mystery novelist from Austin, Texas.	Susan Rogers Cooper	1947
date of birth	Maria Fearing was born in slavery near Gainesville, Alabama in 1838.	Maria Fearing	1838
date of birth	John Derhak (b. 1957) is a Canadian-born, American novelist, writer, and historian.	John Derhak	1957
date of birth	Andrea Barzagli, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (anˈdrɛa barˈdzaʎʎi); born 8 May 1981) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Juventus.	Andrea Barzagli	8 May 1981
date of birth	William Seton III (b. in New York, 28 January 1835; d. there, 15 March 1905) was an American author, a novelist and popular science writer.	William Seton	28 January 1835
date of birth	Dudley Cassidy (15 October 1912 -- 2 July 2003) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dudley Cassidy	15 October 1912
date of birth	Charlotte Hodes (born 1959 London) is a Fine Artist living and working in London.	Charlotte Hodes	1959
date of birth	Sabine Bethmann (born 25 October 1931) is a former German movie actress.	Sabine Bethmann	25 October 1931
date of birth	Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi (born 27 May 1965) is a Nigerian politician who served as the 5th Governor of Rivers State from 2007 to 2015.	Rotimi Amaechi	27 May 1965
date of birth	Leo Oracion (born 1974) reached the summit of Mount Everest on May 17, 2006, at the age of 32.	Leo Oracion	1974
date of birth	Christopher Lewis (born 1944, Los Angeles) is a writer and film producer, primarily for television.	Christopher Lewis	1944
date of birth	Janusz Wojcieszak (1953--2012) was a Polish philologist and philosopher, specialist in the history, literature and culture of Latin America.	Janusz Wojcieszak	1953
date of birth	Ufot Ekaette (born 1939) was appointed the first Nigerian Minister of Niger Delta on 17 December 2008 by President Umaru Yar'Adua.	Ufot Ekaette	1939
date of birth	Weng Shilie (Chinese: 翁史烈; pinyin: Wēng Shǐliè; born 1932) is a Chinese scientist and an expert in thermo-engine.	Weng Shilie	1932
date of birth	Thierry Noritop (Terry Noritop), born in Paris on 5 April 1955, is a French musician (guitar, keyboards, programming and arranger), songwriter & producer.	Thierry Noritop	5 April 1955
date of birth	Walter Scheidel (born 9 July 1966) is an American historian who teaches ancient history at Stanford University, California.	Walter Scheidel	9 July 1966
date of birth	Tim Kliphuis (born 30 September 1974 in Utrecht) is a Dutch violinist renowned for mixing gypsy jazz with classical and folk music.	Tim Kliphuis	30 September 1974
date of birth	Tiago Sousa (born 29 October 1984) is a Portuguese athlete who competes in the modern pentathlon.	Tiago Sousa	29 October 1984
date of birth	Elise Valmorbida (born 1971) is an Italian Australian writer and creative writing tutor who currently lives in London.	Elise Valmorbida	1971
date of birth	Charles Honoris (born in Jakarta, 23 July 1984 ) is a member of the Indonesian House of Representatives from the Indonesian Democratic Party - Struggle (PDI-P).	Charles Honoris	1984
date of birth	Russell Noftsker was born February 1942 and went through his education to high school in Carlsbad, New Mexico.	Russell Noftsker	February 1942
date of birth	Maama Molitika (26 August 1974) is a Tongan former rugby union footballer.	Maama Molitika	26 August 1974
date of birth	Linda S. Wilson (born 1936) is an American academic administrator.	Linda S. Wilson	1936
date of birth	Gülzura Cumakunova was born 30 July 1954 in the Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Gülzura Cumakunova	30 July 1954
date of birth	Kyriakos Savvidis (Greek: Κυριάκος Σαββίδης, born 20 June 1995 in Katerini) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as a midfielder.	Kyriakos Savvidis	20 June 1995
date of birth	Guy Melfort Baldwin was born 22 March 1865 at Penang, to Colonel A T and Margaret Baldwin.	Guy Melfort Baldwin	22 March 1865
date of birth	Vijaya Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman I (25 August 1713 -- 28 December 1769) was the second independent ruler of the Pudukkottai kingdom.	Vijaya Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman I	25 August 1713
date of birth	Gregory Blake Smith (born 1951), is an American novelist and short story writer.	Gregory Blake Smith	1951
date of birth	M.S. Krishna Iyer (born 1934 or 1935, Thrissur, Kerala, India), also known as Ambi Swamy, was an Indian chef and a restaurateur.	M.S. Krishna Iyer	1934
date of birth	Courtenay Becker-Dey (born 1965) is an American competitive sailor and Olympic medalist.	Courtenay Becker-Dey	1965
date of birth	Saeed Malekpour (Persian: سعید ملک‌پور‎; born May 1975) is an Iranian web designer.	Saeed Malekpour	1975
date of birth	Mary Bird Lake (1728--1796) was an English-born American nurse.	Mary Bird Lake	1728
date of birth	Jennifer Hornsby (born 1951) is a British philosopher with interests in the philosophies of mind, action, language, as well as feminist philosophy.	Jennifer Hornsby	1951
date of birth	Klaus M. Leisinger (born 6 February 1947 in Lörrach) is a social scientist and economist.	Klaus M. Leisinger	1947
date of birth	Eberhard Schorsch (30 December 1935 -- 14 November 1991) was a German physician, psychotherapist, psychiatrist, author and sexologist.	Eberhard Schorsch	30 December 1935
date of birth	Gayle Mayes (born 30 December 1956) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1990s.	Gayle Mayes	30 December 1956
date of birth	Johannes Heil (born 3 Feb. 1978) is a German electronic music producer from Ober-Mörlen near Frankfurt.	Johannes Heil	1978
date of birth	Dalia Tórrez Zamora (born 29 March 1990 in Managua) is a Nicaraguan swimmer who competes in the Women's 100 metre butterfly.	Dalia Tórrez Zamora	29 March 1990
date of birth	Harold Roy Killin (born 18 July 1929), known as Roy Killin, is a former professional footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Manchester United and Lincoln City.	Roy Killin	18 July 1929
date of birth	Boyan Slat (born 27 July 1994) is a Dutch inventor, entrepreneur and aerospace engineering student who works on methods of cleaning plastic waste from the oceans.	Boyan Slat	27 July 1994
date of birth	Georgina Papavasiliou (born 13 January 1981 in Glasgow, Scotland, Great Britain) is a Scottish figure skater who competed internationally for Great Britain and Greece.	Georgina Papavasiliou	13 January 1981
date of birth	Wilhelm August Wenz (21 October 1886 -- 12 September 1945) was a German malacologist, born in Frankfurt am Main.	Wilhelm August Wenz	21 October 1886
date of birth	Beatrice Halsaa (born 7 December 1947) is a Norwegian political scientist, gender studies expert and feminist.	Beatrice Halsaa	7 December 1947
date of birth	Margaret Saunders or Mrs Saunders (born 1686 - c. 1748) was a British actress.	Margaret Saunders	1686
date of birth	Li Chengliang (Chinese: 李成梁; pinyin: Lǐ Chéngliáng; Korean: 이성량; 1526 - 1618) was a Chinese general of Korean descent in the reign of the Wanli Emperor during the Ming Dynasty who was in charge of maintaining peace and relations with the Jurchen tribes.	Li Chengliang	1526
date of birth	Fahhad Mohammed Al-Subaie (born 4 February 1994) is a Saudi athlete who specialises in the 200 metres.	Fahhad Mohammed Al-Subaie	4 February 1994
date of birth	Malcolm Craven (born 1915) was a British motorcycle speedway rider who rode before and after World War II. Craven was born in Ilford, Essex in 1915.	Malcolm Craven	1915
date of birth	Arno Villringer (born 1958, Schopfheim, Germany) is a director at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Leipzig, Germany; director of the Department of Cognitive Neurology at University Hospital Leipzig; and Academic Director of the Berlin School of Mind and Brain and the Mind&Brain Institute, Berlin.	Arno Villringer	1958
date of birth	Elio Zamuto (born 1 May 1941) is an Italian actor and voice actor.	Elio Zamuto	1 May 1941
date of birth	Rabbi Yisrael Meir Uri Maklev (Hebrew: ישראל מאיר אורי מקלב‎, born 10 January 1957) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for the Haredi party Degel HaTorah, which together with Agudat Yisrael forms the United Torah Judaism list.	Uri Maklev	10 January 1957
date of birth	Armine Nutting Gosling (1861 -- December 15, 1942) was a suffragette, best known in Newfoundland for her involvement in the nascent Newfoundland women's rights movement.	Armine Nutting Gosling	1861
date of birth	William Wellington Greener (1834--1921) was an innovative English gunsmith, the founder of the W. W. Greener company.	William Wellington Greener	1834
date of birth	Şevket Sabancı (born 1936), a member of the Sabancı family in second generation, is a billionaire Turkish businessman and philanthropist.	Şevket Sabancı	1936
date of birth	Noel B. Salazar (born 1973) is a sociocultural anthropologist known for his transdisciplinary work on mobility and travel, the local-to-global nexus, discourses and imaginaries of 'Otherness', heritage, cultural brokering and cosmopolitanism.	Noel B. Salazar	1973
date of birth	Walker O. Cain NA (1915 - June 1, 1993) was a prize-winning American architect.	Walker O. Cain	1915
date of birth	Juan Ignacio Londero (born 15 August 1993) is an Argentine professional tennis player competing mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour both in singles and doubles.	Juan Ignacio Londero	15 August 1993
date of birth	Even Hovland (born 14 February 1989) is a Norwegian footballer, who plays as a centre back for 1.	Even Hovland	14 February 1989
date of birth	John L. Parker, Jr. (born 1947) is an American writer and the author of the cult classic novel Once A Runner and the more recently published Again to Carthage and Racing the Rain.	John L. Parker, Jr.	1947
date of birth	Alphonse Beni (born 1946) is a Cameroonian actor and movie director.	Alphonse Beni	1946
date of birth	Peter Erzberger (born 3 September 1941) is a Brazilian former Olympic sailor in the Star class.	Peter Erzberger	3 September 1941
date of birth	Kalpana Shah (born 30 November 1948) is an Indian sari draper and stylist, author and entrepreneur.	Kalpana Shah	30 November 1948
date of birth	Rod Davies CBE FRS (8 January 1930 -- 8 November 2015) was a Professor of Radio Astronomy at the University of Manchester.	Rod Davies	8 January 1930
date of birth	Thomas FitzGerald, 10th Earl of Kildare (1513--1537), also known as Silken Thomas, was a leading figure in 16th century Irish history.	Thomas FitzGerald, 10th Earl of Kildare	1513
date of birth	Stefanos Dogos (Greek: Στέφανος Ντόγος; born 5 May 1994 in Veria), is a Greek footballer who plays for Aris, as a Winger.	Stefanos Dogos	5 May 1994
date of birth	Eduard Kanhäuser, also known as Edi (born 18 September 1901) was an Austrian international footballer.	Eduard Kanhäuser	18 September 1901
date of birth	Linnar Viik (born 26 February 1965 in Tallinn) is an Estonian information technology scientst.	Linnar Viik	26 February 1965
date of birth	Janet Billig Rich (born 1967 as Janet Sue Billig) is an artist manager, music supervisor, producer, and Tony Award nominated Broadway theater producer.	Janet Billig Rich	1967
date of birth	Zvonko ``Toni'' Kurbos, better known as Tony Kurbos (born 20 October 1960) is a retired Slovenian-German football player who was a prolific striker, scoring almost 100 goals in his relatively short career.	Tony Kurbos	20 October 1960
date of birth	Damon Young (born 1975 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian philosopher, writer and commentator, and author of the books Distraction, Philosophy in the Garden and How to Think About Exercise.	Damon Young	1975
date of birth	Shahed Ahmed (born 13 September 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Sporting Bengal United, as a striker.	Shahed Ahmed	13 September 1985
date of birth	Brigitte Pelletier (born 1964) is a Quebec lawyer and associate deputy minister of the Quebec Ministry of Justice.	Brigitte Pelletier	1964
date of birth	Dermot Keely (born 8 March 1954) is an Irish former manager and player.	Dermot Keely	8 March 1954
date of birth	Andreas Avgerinos (Greek: Ανδρέας Αυγερινός) (1820--1895) was a Greek politician from Elis.	Andreas Avgerinos	1820
date of birth	Steven Bednarski (born 1973) is a Canadian historian and actor.	Steven Bednarski	1973
date of birth	Michael J. Cleary (born 1 September 1925) is the Roman Catholic Bishop Emeritus of the Diocese of Banjul, Gambia.	Michael J. Cleary	1 September 1925
date of birth	Alaka Sahani (born 1974) is an Indian film critic and Senior Assistant Editor with the Indian Express, Mumbai, and heads its Features section.	Alaka Sahani	1974
date of birth	Thomas Arthur Darvill (born 17 June 1982), known professionally as Arthur Darvill, is an English actor and musician.	Arthur Darvill	17 June 1982
date of birth	Edward Romanowski (30 July 1944 -- 11 November 2007) is a retired Polish sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres.	Edward Romanowski	30 July 1944
date of birth	Hemlata Kala (born 15 August 1975 in Agra, Uttar Pradesh) is an Indian cricketer who has played seven women's test matches and 74 women's one-day internationals.	Hemlata Kala	15 August 1975
date of birth	Luke Sullivan (born 30 March 1961, in Singapore) is an Australian visual artist most notable for his internationally controversial work, The Fourth Secret of Fatima.	Luke Sullivan	30 March 1961
date of birth	Tomo Križnar (born 26 August 1954) is a peace activist, notable for delivering video cameras in Southern Kordofan to the local ethnic Nuba civilians in order to help them collect the evidence of North Sudan military's war crimes against them.	Tomo Križnar	26 August 1954
date of birth	Philip Lynch (born 1946) is a prominent Irish businessman who has held the position of chief executive at two Irish public limited companies and multiple senior directorships including chairman of the board of An Post.	Philip Lynch	1946
date of birth	Huang Yijun (simplified Chinese: 黄贻钧; traditional Chinese: 黄貽鈞; 4 May 1915 -- 11 October 1995) was a Chinese conductor and composer.	Huang Yijun	4 May 1915
date of birth	Héctor Abad Faciolince (born 1958) is a Colombian novelist, essayist, journalist, and editor.	Héctor Abad Faciolince	1958
date of birth	Georges Skandalis (Greek: Γεώργιος Σκανδάλης; born 5 November 1955, Athens) is a Greek and French mathematician, known for his work on noncommutative geometry and operator algebras.	Georges Skandalis	5 November 1955
date of birth	Tripy Makonda (born 24 January 1990) is a French football player who currently plays for the Portuguese club Académica de Coimbra in Primeira Liga.	Tripy Makonda	24 January 1990
date of birth	Habbie Simpson (1550--1620) was the town piper in the Scottish village of Kilbarchan in Renfrewshire.	Habbie Simpson	1550
date of birth	Simona Molinari (born 23 February 1983) is an Italian pop music singer.	Simona Molinari	23 February 1983
date of birth	John Gregorek (born 15 April 1960) is an American former middle-distance runner who competed in the Summer Olympics in 1980 (boycotted) and 1984.	John Gregorek	15 April 1960
date of birth	Matt Brann (born on 14 November 1980 and hailing from Ajax, Ontario) was Avril Lavigne's drummer and previously held a position as the drummer of high school band Second Opinion and Norman.	Matt Brann	14 November 1980
date of birth	Christina Sawaya (Arabic: كريستينا صوايا‎), born 16 August 1980, is a Lebanese beauty queen.	Christina Sawaya	16 August 1980
date of birth	Paolo Marsi or Paolo Marso, in Latin Paulus Marsus or Paulus Marsus Piscinas (1440--1484) was an Italian humanist and poet known primarily for his commentary on the Fasti of Ovid.	Paolo Marsi	1440
date of birth	Hosea Nico Kaiyamo (born 12 November 1961) is a Namibian politician and Businessman who was the first Regional Councillor for the Tsumeb Constituency and a Member of Parliament in the National Council.	Nico Kaiyamo	12 November 1961
date of birth	Daniel Arnamnart (born 14 September 1989) is an Australian competitive swimmer who specialises in backstroke events.	Daniel Arnamnart	14 September 1989
date of birth	Jérôme Bicamumpaka (born 1957) is a former Minister of Foreign Affairs for Rwanda's Interim Government.	Jérôme Bicamumpaka	1957
date of birth	Rudie Kemna (born 5 October 1967) is a former Dutch racing cyclist, currently a directeur sportif of Team Giant-Alpecin.	Rudie Kemna	5 October 1967
date of birth	John Lafia (born 1957) is an American film and television writer, director, producer and musician.	John Lafia	1957
date of birth	Paul Strudel or Paul Strudl (circa 1648 -- 20 November 1708) was an Austrian sculptor, architect, engineer, and painter, ennobled as Baron von Strudel and Vochburg.	Paul Strudel	1648
date of birth	Theodor Kallifatides (Greek: Θοδωρής Καλλιφατίδης, born 1938) is a Greek writer.	Theodor Kallifatides	1938
date of birth	Barry Windsor-Smith (born on 25 May 1949) is a British comic book illustrator and painter whose best known work has been produced in the United States.	Barry Windsor-Smith	25 May 1949
date of birth	David Goodfriend (born 1968) is an American attorney and advocate in Washington, D.C. He is a former Clinton Administration aide, where he served as Deputy Staff Secretary to President William J. Clinton.	David Goodfriend	1968
date of birth	Trevor Thurling (born 26 April 1984) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Canberra Raiders of the National Rugby League competition (NRL).	Trevor Thurling	26 April 1984
date of birth	Jan Ksawery Kaniewski, also known in Italian as Francesco Saverio Kaniewski (1805 -- 13 April 1867) was a Polish painter trained in St. Petersburg who spent several years in Rome.	Jan Ksawery Kaniewski	1805
date of birth	Jason Polan (born 1982 in Franklin, Michigan) is an American artist who currently lives and works in New York, NY.	Jason Polan	1982
date of birth	Ivan Radeljić (born 14 September 1980) is a Croatian-born Bosnian retired football player who played in defense.	Ivan Radeljić	14 September 1980
date of birth	Hadi Abbas (1915 -- 1990s) was a football player and coach.	Hadi Abbas	1915
date of birth	Tasia Sherel (23 July 1978) is an American actress and model, best known for starring as Francis in Showtime TV series Dexter and as Pam in Everybody Hates Chris.	Tasia Sherel	23 July 1978
date of birth	Mary Lythgoe Bradford (born 1930) is an editor and poet significant to Mormon literature.	Mary Lythgoe Bradford	1930
date of birth	Tim Etchells (born 1962) is a British artist and writer based in Sheffield and London.	Tim Etchells	1962
date of birth	Paolo Angioni (born 22 January 1938) is an Italian former equestrian and Olympic champion.	Paolo Angioni	22 January 1938
date of birth	Patricia Anne Conlon, née Carden (2 November 1939 -- 13 December 1979) was an Australian feminist, public servant and labour activist.	Anne Conlon	2 November 1939
date of birth	Gordon Stuart (1924 -- 22 July 2015) was a Canadian-born Welsh portrait artist, known for his portrayals of Dylan Thomas.	Gordon Stuart	1924
date of birth	Anna Journey (born November 1980 in Arlington, Virginia) is an American poet who was recently awarded a 2011 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship for Poetry.	Anna Journey	1980
date of birth	Renzo Finelli (born 24 August 1945) is an Italian former middle distance runner.	Renzo Finelli	24 August 1945
date of birth	Mabel Potter Daggett (c. 1870 -- November 13, 1927) was an American writer, journalist, editor and suffragist.	Mabel Potter Daggett	1870
date of birth	Össur Skarphéðinsson (pronounced (ˈœsːʏr ˈskar̥pçɛðɪnsɔn); born 19 June 1953) is an Icelandic politician who was Minister for Foreign Affairs from February 2009 - 2013.	Össur Skarphéðinsson	19 June 1953
date of birth	Her Jong-chau (born 5 January 1946) is a former Taiwanese cyclist.	Her Jong-chau	5 January 1946
date of birth	Li Yizhong (Chinese: 李毅中; born March 1945) is a former Minister of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China.	Li Yizhong	March 1945
date of birth	Peter Corey (born 1946) is the author of the Coping With children's book series.	Peter Corey	1946
date of birth	Paddy Harte (born 26 July 1931) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served for 36 years as Teachta Dála (TD) for Donegal North--	Paddy Harte	26 July 1931
date of birth	Phineas Pett (1 November 1570 -- August 1647) was a shipwright and a member of the Pett dynasty.	Phineas Pett	1 November 1570
date of birth	Alfred Planyavsky (22 January 1924 -- 18 June 2013) was an Austrian double-bassist and music historian.	Alfred Planyavsky	22 January 1924
date of birth	Horacio Badaraco (1901--1946) was an Argentine anarchist and journalist, born in Buenos Aires.	Horacio Badaraco	1901
date of birth	Carole Taylor, OC (born Carol Goss in 1945) is a Canadian school chancellor, journalist and former politician.	Carole Taylor	1945
date of birth	José Oliveira (born 28 October 1997), is a football player who currently plays for Timor-Leste national football team.	José Oliveira	28 October 1997
date of birth	Mayta Cápac (Quechua Mayta Qhapaq Inka) was the fourth Sapa Inca of the Kingdom of Cuzco (beginning around 1290 CE) and a member of the Hurin dynasty.	Mayta Cápac	1290
date of birth	Horace Boy Boy Martin (born 7 May 1985) is a Jamaican-Dutch kickboxer.	Boy Boy Martin	7 May 1985
date of birth	Josh Singer (born 1972) is an American film and television writer and producer, whose work includes writing and producing episodes of The West Wing, Law and Order:	Josh Singer	1972
date of birth	Ifeoma Ozoeze (born 13 August 1971) is a retired Italian heptathlete.	Ifeoma Ozoeze	13 August 1971
date of birth	Marc Lerandy (born 25 November 1981) is a French-German football manager and former footballer.	Marc Lerandy	25 November 1981
date of birth	Roy Dyke (born 13 February 1945 in Liverpool), is a rock drummer noted for his playing with The Remo Four, Badger, and Ashton, Gardner and Dyke.	Roy Dyke	13 February 1945
date of birth	Betina O'Connell (Buenos Aires, 5 April 1972) is an Argentinian actress of theatre and television.	Betina O'Connell	5 April 1972
date of birth	Ayhan Akman (Turkish pronunciation: (ajhan akman), born 23 February 1977) is a retired Turkish footballer who last played for Galatasaray.	Ayhan Akman	23 February 1977
date of birth	Óscar Bruzón Barreras (born 29 May 1977) is a former Spanish footballer and is the current assistant coach of Mumbai City FC in the Indian Super League.	Óscar Bruzón	29 May 1977
date of birth	Carl Friedrich von Siemens (5 September 1872 in Berlin -- 9 September 1941 in Heinendorf near Potsdam) was a German Entrepreneur and politician.	Carl Friedrich von Siemens	5 September 1872
date of birth	Dame Annie Florence Gillies Cardell-Oliver, DBE (11 May 1876 -- 12 January 1965) was a Western Australian politician and political activist, often known publicly as simply Florence Cardell-Oliver.	Florence Cardell-Oliver	11 May 1876
date of birth	Pascal Strebel (born 26 December 1988 in Muri) is a Swiss Greco-Roman wrestler.	Pascal Strebel	26 December 1988
date of birth	Nguyễn Minh Tùng (born 9 August 1992) is a Vietnamese professional footballer who plays as a Centre Back for Than Quảng Ninh F.C. in the V.League 1.	Nguyễn Minh Tùng	9 August 1992
date of birth	Adolf of Burgundy (1489 -- 1540) was Lord of Veere and admiral of the Netherlands.	Adolf of Burgundy	1489
date of birth	Abubakar Siddique (born 19 August 1936) is a Bangladeshi poet, novelist, short story writer and critic.	Abubakar Siddique	1936
date of birth	Harry Lippiatt (24 December 1917 -- 13 December 1997) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Lippiatt	24 December 1917
date of birth	Robert Lightbody (1802 -- 5 July 1874) was an independent gentleman, amateur geologist and member of Ludlow Natural History Society.	Robert Lightbody	1802
date of birth	Cosimo Perrotta (born 1942) is an Italian professor of economic history at the University of Lecce and author of the book Consumption as an Investment.	Cosimo Perrotta	1942
date of birth	Lucas Boada (born 1893 in Matanzas - death date unknown) was a Cuban baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues.	Lucas Boada	1893
date of birth	Richard Burthogge was the son of a Captain of Foot at the garrison of Plymouth, and was baptised in Plympton St Maurice on 30 January 1637 (OS; 1638 by the Gregorian calendar).	Richard Burthogge	1638
date of birth	Alcide Laurin (1881 -- February 24, 1905) was a Canadian ice hockey player who played for an Ontario based team in Alexandria, and is the first recorded player to die as a result of an on-ice incident in ice hockey.	Alcide Laurin	1881
date of birth	Gordon Pickard (born 1942) is a real estate developer and philanthropist and considered one of the richest businesspeople from the state of South Australia.	Gordon Pickard	1942
date of birth	Patric Cabral Lalau (born 25 March 1989), commonly known as just Patric, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Atlético Mineiro.	Patric Cabral Lalau	25 March 1989
date of birth	Sheila Forbes, CBE (born 31 December 1946), is a British educator, consultant and manager.	Sheila Forbes	31 December 1946
date of birth	Hugh Speke (1656 -- c. 1724) was an English writer and agitator.	Hugh Speke	1656
date of birth	Anna Haslam (1829 - 1922) was a suffragist and a major figure in the 19th and early 20th century women's movement in Ireland.	Anna Haslam	1829
date of birth	Ritva Koistinen (born 1956) is a kantele artist and the founder of soloist kantele education at Sibelius Academy (currently Classical music department).	Ritva Koistinen	1956
date of birth	Sheila Connolly (born 1950) is a mystery writer and author of three mystery series published by Berkley Prime Crime.	Sheila Connolly	1950
date of birth	Jason Briggs (born 21 November 1971 in Sutton-in-Ashfield) was a British pair skater.	Jason Briggs	1971
date of birth	Abolhassan Ziyā-Zarifi (Persian: ابوالحسن ضیاظریفی‎‎; 20 August 1926 -- 4 October 2010) was an Iranian scientist, academic, author, and political figure.	Abolhassan Ziyā-Zarifi	20 August 1926
date of birth	Stephan Schulmeister (* 26 August 1947) is an Austrian economist.	Stephan Schulmeister	26 August 1947
date of birth	Andreas Wisniewski (born 3 July 1959) is a German actor and former dancer.	Andreas Wisniewski	3 July 1959
date of birth	Gary Goldschneider (born 22 May 1939) is a writer, pianist and composer.	Gary Goldschneider	22 May 1939
date of birth	Vince Kelley (born c. 1962) is an American-Australian former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career in Australia, which included three seasons in the National Basketball League (NBL) and 13 seasons in the State Basketball League (SBL).	Vince Kelley	1962
date of birth	Francesco Pisani (1494--1570) was an Italian Cardinal, from 1517.	Francesco Pisani	1494
date of birth	Seamus Ross was born 12 November 1957, the son of James Francis Ross, a philosopher, and Kathleen Fallon Ross, a nurse.	Seamus Ross	12 November 1957
date of birth	John Dalli (born 5 October 1948) is a Maltese politician who served as Cabinet Minister in various Maltese governments between 1987 and 2010.	John Dalli	5 October 1948
date of birth	Wendy Millar (born 1944) also known as ``Bucket'' and ``Queen of the UDA'' is a Northern Irish loyalist and a founding member of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA).	Wendy Millar	1944
date of birth	Derval O'Rourke (born 28 May 1981) is an Irish former sprint hurdles athlete.	Derval O'Rourke	28 May 1981
date of birth	John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont PC, FRS (25 February 1711 -- 4 December 1770) was a British politician, political pamphleteer, and genealogist who served as First Lord of the Admiralty.	John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont	25 February 1711
date of birth	Michael Lobo (born 12 September 1953) is an Indian scientist, writer, and genealogist.	Michael Lobo	12 September 1953
date of birth	Dov Elbaum (born on 21 December 1970) is an Israeli writer, editor, journalist, television host and Jewish philosophy lecturer.	Dov Elbaum	1970
date of birth	Sir William Stanley Baker (28 February 1928 -- 28 June 1976) was a Welsh actor and film producer.	Stanley Baker	28 February 1928
date of birth	Callum Hart (born 21 December 1985) is a Welsh semi-professional footballer who plays for Salisbury.	Callum Hart	21 December 1985
date of birth	Kirsha Kaechele (born 1976) is an American contemporary art curator, artist, and practitioner of sustainable architecture.	Kirsha Kaechele	1976
date of birth	Bappi Lahiri (Born Alokesh Lahiri on 27 November 1952) is a music composer in the Indian film industry.	Bappi Lahiri	27 November 1952
date of birth	Charles Walter Clark (1885--1972) was an architect that worked for the Metropolitan Railway from 1911 to 1933 and was responsible for designing 25 stations, five of which are listed buildings today.	Charles Walter Clark	1885
date of birth	Luca Scapuzzi (born 15 April 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker of Calcio Como.	Luca Scapuzzi	15 April 1991
date of birth	Dragan Aleksić (1901--1958) was a Yugoslavian Dadaist painter, founder of the Yugoslavian branch of Dadaism (an art movement of the European avant-garde in the early 20th century), termed ``Yugo-Dada.''	Dragan Aleksić	1901
date of birth	Gloria Jean Siebrecht (born 1940) is an American amateur paleontologist and volunteer for the Museum of the Rockies, notable as the discoverer of Avisaurus Gloriae, which was named for her, and Piksi barbarulna.	Gloria Jean Siebrecht	1940
date of birth	Maurice Hepworth (born 6 September 1953) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a full back for Sunderland and Darlington.	Maurice Hepworth	6 September 1953
date of birth	Parvatibai (Marathi: पार्वतीबाई)(6 April 1734 -- 23 September 1763) was second wife of Sadashivrao Bhau.	Parvatibai	6 April 1734
date of birth	John Scott Whiteley (born 1950) is an English organist and composer.	John Scott Whiteley	1950
date of birth	Charles Louis de Fourcroy (1766 -- 1824) was a French mathematician, scholar and director of director of fortifications, known from his 1782 treatise, entitled ``Essai d’une table poléométrique''	Charles Louis de Fourcroy	1766
date of birth	William Osgoode (March 1754 -- January 17, 1824) was the first Chief Justice of Upper Canada (now known as Ontario, Canada).	William Osgoode	March 1754
date of birth	Sir John Monson, 2nd Baronet (1599 -- December 1683) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1625 and 1626.	Sir John Monson, 2nd Baronet	1599
date of birth	Saili Rane (born 25 June 1993) is an Indian badminton player who currently plays Singles.	Saili Rane	25 June 1993
date of birth	Luka Nervo (Born 2 January 1991) is a Croatian professional motorcycle racer who currently competes in the FIM 600 STK class as of the end of 2009.	Luka Nervo	2 January 1991
date of birth	William James Henderson (December 4, 1855 -- June 5, 1937) was an American musical critic and scholar, born at Newark, New Jersey.	William James Henderson	1855
date of birth	Nathaniel Stern (born 1977) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media, including photography, interactive art, public art interventions, installation, video art, net.art and printmaking.	Nathaniel Stern	1977
date of birth	Anita Krohn Traaseth (born 16 December 1971 in Sandefjord) is a Norwegian business executive and author.	Anita Krohn Traaseth	1971
date of birth	Walter Seymour Allward (18 November 1876 -- 24 April 1955) was a Canadian monumental sculptor widely praised for his ``...original sense of spacial composition, his mastery of the classical form and his brilliant craftsmanship.''	Walter Seymour Allward	18 November 1876
date of birth	Khari Stephenson (/ˈkæri/; born 18 January 1981) is a Jamaican footballer.	Khari Stephenson	18 January 1981
date of birth	Oki Dwi Putra Sanjaya (born 23 October 1983) is an Indonesian professional football referee.	Oki Dwi Putra	23 October 1983
date of birth	François Pérol (born on the 6 November 1963) is a French banker and high-ranking official and is the current chairman of Natixis.	François Pérol	6 November 1963
date of birth	Stefanie van der Gragt (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsteːfaːni vɑn dɛr ɣrɑxt); born 6 August 1992) is a Dutch footballer.	Stefanie van der Gragt	6 August 1992
date of birth	Jens Henrik Tönjum (born 17 May 1995) is a Swedish-born Norwegian professional ice hockey winger.	Jens Henrik Tönjum	17 May 1995
date of birth	Sir John Micklethwaite M.D. (1612--1682) was an English physician, who attended Charles II. He was President of the Royal College of Physicians.	John Micklethwaite	1612
date of birth	Karl Owe Sandström, (born 1944) is a Swedish clothing designer and teacher, he is perhaps best known for designing all of the music group ABBAs stage outfits except their Waterloo costumes at the Eurovision Song Contest 1974.	Owe Sandström	1944
date of birth	Cem Kargın (born 20 March 1978) is a Turkish professional retired footballer played as a left back.	Cem Kargın	20 March 1978
date of birth	Sonja Christ was born on 1 October 1984 in Oberfell and comes from a Moselle country vintner and innkeeping family.	Sonja Christ	1 October 1984
date of birth	Sir Richard Steele (bap. 12 March 1672 -- 1 September 1729) was an Irish writer and politician, remembered as co-founder, with his friend Joseph Addison, of the magazine The Spectator.	Richard Steele	12 March 1672
date of birth	Eli Kirk Price II (1860--January 24, 1933) was a prominent Philadelphia lawyer, called ``the foremost civic and cultural leader in early twentieth-century Philadelphia''.	Eli Kirk Price II	1860
date of birth	Barkley L. Hendricks (born 1945, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a contemporary American painter who has made pioneering contributions to black portraiture and conceptualism.	Barkley L. Hendricks	1945
date of birth	Stephen Wallem (born 14 June 1968) is an American stage and television actor.	Stephen Wallem	14 June 1968
date of birth	Dale Connelly (born 4 October 1955) was co-host (with Tom Keith, aka Jim Ed Poole) of The Morning Show on Minnesota Public Radio.	Dale Connelly	4 October 1955
date of birth	Milán Václavík (28 March 1928 -- 2007) was a Slovak-origin Czechoslovak military officer with the rank of colonel general.	Milán Václavík	28 March 1928
date of birth	Chris Hollow (born 21 November 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Chris Hollow	21 November 1971
date of birth	George Caffentzis (born 1945) is an American political philosopher and an autonomist Marxist.	George Caffentzis	1945
date of birth	Pierre Celis (21 March 1925 -- 9 April 2011) was a Belgian brewer who opened his first brewery in 1966 to revive the wit beer style in his hometown of Hoegaarden.	Pierre Celis	21 March 1925
date of birth	Araceli de León (1951 -- October 2, 1999) was a Latin American voice actress best known for voicing Sailor Jupiter in the Mexican/Latin American dub of Sailor Moon.	Araceli de León	1951
date of birth	Andrea Collarini (born 31 January 1992 in New York City) is an Argentinian--	Andrea Collarini	31 January 1992
date of birth	Wilfrid Denis Walker (born 29 December 1933), is a former Rhodesian cabinet minister resident in the United Kingdom.	Denis Walker	29 December 1933
date of birth	Marcel Detienne (born 1935) is a Belgian historian and specialist in the study of ancient Greece.	Marcel Detienne	1935
date of birth	George Agathocleous (born 23 January 1982) is a Cypriot rugby player who plays for the Cyprus national rugby union team and the Paphos Tigers.	George Agathocleous	23 January 1982
date of birth	Nicholas Carthy (born 1957) was a Principal Conductor of the Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana (1993-96), is Professor of Music and Opera Music Director at the University of Colorado and is visiting tutor at the Royal Northern College of Music.	Nicholas Carthy	1957
date of birth	Chandos Leigh, 1st Baron Leigh (27 June 1791 -- 27 September 1850) was a British landowner and minor poet.	Chandos Leigh, 1st Baron Leigh	27 June 1791
date of birth	Břetislav Hůla (1888--1937) was a leading cadre of Comintern in 1923--24.	Břetislav Hůla	1888
date of birth	Jimmy Cornell (real name: Dragoș Corneliu Cișmașu) was born in Romania in 1940, growing up in Brașov.	Jimmy Cornell	1940
date of birth	Tony Martyn (born 9 March 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL), Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and with TANFL club Sandy Bay.	Tony Martyn	9 March 1957
date of birth	Abdul Milazi (born 1966) is a life coach, motivational speaker, multi-award winning poet, author, musician and entrepreneur.	Abdul Milazi	1966
date of birth	Tian Zhong (Chinese: 田中; born 1956) is a vice-admiral (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.	Tian Zhong	1956
date of birth	Allan Gauden (born 20 November 1944) was an English former professional footballer.	Allan Gauden	20 November 1944
date of birth	Richard Leslie Hill (18 February 1901 -- 21 March 1996) was an English civil servant and historian of Sudan, ``one of the great pioneers in the study of the modern history of the Sudan''.	Richard Leslie Hill	18 February 1901
date of birth	Teklit Teweldebrhan (born 1 October 1993) is an Eritrean runner who has specialized in various middle-distance and long-distance disciplines.	Teklit Teweldebrhan	1 October 1993
date of birth	Per Bronken (13 March 1935 -- 4 October 2002) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, actor and stage producer.	Per Bronken	13 March 1935
date of birth	Blagoja Gesoski (Macedonian: Благоја Гесоски, born 28 April 1981) is a Macedonian football striker and attacking midfielder who has played for clubs in Macedonia, Greece and Albania.	Blagoja Gesoski	28 April 1981
date of birth	Emma Must (born 1966) is an English environmental activist, teacher, and poetwho previously worked as a librarian.	Emma Must	1966
date of birth	Johannes De Decker (born 1626 in Dordrecht, Holland) was one of the six signers of the articles of capitulation of New Amsterdam to the British September 6, 1664.	Johannes De Decker	1626
date of birth	Eustace Ingram (6 August 1839 - 10 December 1924) was a British organ builder based in London.	Eustace Ingram	6 August 1839
date of birth	Michael Josephs (born 1959) is an award-winning American film and television score composer.	Michael Josephs	1959
date of birth	Byron Adams (born 1955) is an American composer, conductor, and musicologist.	Byron Adams	1955
date of birth	Cayetano Pignatelli, 3rd Marquis of Rubí, 9th Baron of Llinars, (12 October 1730 - ?), was a Spanish nobleman and military figure who played an important role in determining Spanish policy towards Texas and Mexico.	Cayetano Pignatelli, 3rd Marquis of Rubí	1730
date of birth	Mohamed Mansi Qandil (born 1946) is an Egyptian novelist and author.	Mohamed Mansi Qandil	1946
date of birth	Nur Hawa binti Zainal Abidin (born 12 March 1991) now known as Wawa Zainal, is a Malaysian actress and model.	Wawa Zainal	12 March 1991
date of birth	Parvin Dabas (also known as ``Parvin Dabbas'') (born 12 July 1974) is an Indian actor, model and director.	Parvin Dabas	12 July 1974
date of birth	Ian Champion (born 1968 in Portsmouth) is an English film, theatre, television and voice actor who has appeared in television movies and soap operas such as Coronation Street, Emmerdale and Brookside.	Ian Champion	1968
date of birth	Vestie Davis (1903 -- November 14, 1978) was a self-taught American artist whose works are in many important collections, including those of the American Folk Art Museum, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, and the Milwaukee Art Museum.	Vestie Davis	1903
date of birth	Manuel Cardona Castro (7 September 1934 -- 2 July 2014) was a physicist.	Manuel Cardona	7 September 1934
date of birth	Frederick Chase Capreol (10 June 1803 -- 12 October 1886) was an English-born Canadian businessman and railway promoter.	Frederick Chase Capreol	10 June 1803
date of birth	Mahmoud Yacine (محمود ياسين) (born 19 February 1941) is an Egyptian actor.	Mahmoud Yacine	19 February 1941
date of birth	Sewnarine Chattergoon (born 3 April 1981) is a Guyanese cricketer of Indian descent who made his début for the West Indies against Zimbabwe on their 2006 tour.	Sewnarine Chattergoon	3 April 1981
date of birth	Gladys Bernarda Casco Cruz (b. 20 August 1954) is a Honduran politician.	Gladys Bernarda Casco	20 August 1954
date of birth	Omid Bonakdar (born 23 June 1969) is an Iranian director and screenplay writer.	Omid Bonakdar	1969
date of birth	Blessed Costanza Starace (5 September 1845 -- 13 September 1921) was an Italian Roman Catholic nun.	Costanza Starace	5 September 1845
date of birth	Michael Van Wijk (born 30 September 1952) is an English bodybuilder, professional sportsman, actor and TV presenter.	Michael Van Wijk	30 September 1952
date of birth	Victoria Redel (born 1959) is an American poet and fiction writer who lives in New York City.	Victoria Redel	1959
date of birth	Laura Ross-Paul (born 1950) is a contemporary painter of oil and wax in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.	Laura Ross-Paul	1950
date of birth	Katharina Lehnert (born 18 February 1994) is a Filipino-German tennis player.	Katharina Lehnert	18 February 1994
date of birth	Denis Hugh Vercingetorix Brogan (born 20 March 1936), known as Hugh Brogan, is a British historian and biographer.	Hugh Brogan	20 March 1936
date of birth	Ron O'Dwyer (born 5 February 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ron O'Dwyer	5 February 1938
date of birth	Ghulam Hussain Saba Dashtyari (1954 -- 1 June 2011) (Balochi: صبا دشتیاری بلوچ) commonly known as ``Saba Dashtyari'', was a professor of Islamic Studies at the University of Balochistan in Quetta, Balochistan.	Saba Dashtyari	1954
date of birth	Jack Chernos (born 1961) is a San Francisco-based activist singer/songwriter.	Jack Chernos	1961
date of birth	Stian Bjørge (born 31 July 1976) is a Norwegian speed skater, born in Skien.	Stian Bjørge	1976
date of birth	Verena von Strenge (born 27 July 1975) is a German singer and dancer best known for her stint as the lead singer for the German happy hardcore dance group Dune from 1995-1997 and 1999-2000.	Verena von Strenge	27 July 1975
date of birth	Stewart Till, CBE (born 1951) is the chairman and chief executive of United International Pictures, the biggest film distributor in the world.	Stewart Till	1951
date of birth	Spruha Joshi (born 13 October 1989) is an Indian television, film, and theatre actress, who works in the Marathi film and television industry.	Spruha Joshi	13 October 1989
date of birth	Wickrama Arachchige Udaya Wickramasinghe (12 August 1939 -- 12 April 2010) was a Sri Lankan cricket umpire.	Udaya Wickramasinghe	12 August 1939
date of birth	Jim Carvin (1929 -- January 16, 2009) was a New Orleans political consultant with a sustained record of supporting winners in New Orleans mayoral elections.	Jim Carvin	1929
date of birth	Gabriela Perianu (born 20 June 1994) is a Romanian handballer who plays for the Romanian national team.	Gabriela Perianu	20 June 1994
date of birth	Xu Feihong (Chinese: 徐飞洪) (born June 1964) is a Chinese diplomat.	Xu Feihong	June 1964
date of birth	Katë Dulaj (Serbian: Ката Дулај, Kata Dulaj) (9 November 1923--29 April 1969), known by her artistic name Katarina Josipi-Kati, was a Yugoslav actress of Albanian ethnicity.	Katarina Josipi	9 November 1923
date of birth	Francisco Javier Peral Periane (born 4 November 1983), known as Javito, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club Panthrakikos F.C. as a right winger.	Javito	4 November 1983
date of birth	General Elly Tumwine (born 12 April 1954) is a Ugandan military officer, professional artist, and educator.	Elly Tumwine	12 April 1954
date of birth	John Russon (born 1960) is a Canadian philosopher, working primarily in the tradition of Continental Philosophy.	John Russon	1960
date of birth	Agnes of Kuenring (born about 1236), was an Austrian noblewoman, courtierwoman of Queen Margaret of Austria and mistress of her husband, King Ottokar II of Bohemia.	Agnes of Kuenring	1236
date of birth	Mandy Giblin (born 27 June 1974) is a former Australian middle-distance runner and cross country athlete who competed in late 1990s.	Mandy Giblin	27 June 1974
date of birth	Keegan McHargue (born 1982 in Portland, Oregon) is an American artist known for his dream-like drawings and paintings.	Keegan McHargue	1982
date of birth	Nagabhairava Jaya Prakash Narayana (born 14 January 1956), also known as J.P., is an Indian politician.	Nagabhairava Jaya Prakash Narayana	14 January 1956
date of birth	Naón Isidro (Hebrew: נאון איזידורו‎; born 12 November 1987) is an Argentine-Israeli association football who has been a free agent since he was released from Hapoel Ashkelon in June 2011.	Naón Isidro	12 November 1987
date of birth	Stephen Maybery (born September 1949) is an author specialising in political satire.	Stephen Maybery	1949
date of birth	Kang Min, also known as Nal_rA (born 15 March 1982) is a former professional South Korean StarCraft player (Protoss, KTF MagicNs).	Kang Min	15 March 1982
date of birth	John Zdechlik (``Zuh-DEK-lik'') (born 2 May 1937) is an American composer, music teacher, and conductor.	John Zdechlik	2 May 1937
date of birth	Boris Kocheishvili (Russian: Бори́с Петро́вич Кочейшви́ли; born April 1, 1940) is an artist and poet who lives and works in Moscow, Russia.	Boris Kocheishvili	1940
date of birth	Andřej Studenič (born 18 June 1977 in Bratislava) is a racing driver.	Andřej Studenič	18 June 1977
date of birth	Susan Crile (born 1942) is an American painter and printmaker.	Susan Crile	1942
date of birth	Wilma B. Liebman (born 1950) is an American lawyer and civil servant who is best known for serving as a Member of the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB).	Wilma B. Liebman	1950
date of birth	Richard Shepard (born 1965) is an American film, television director and screenwriter.	Richard Shepard	1965
date of birth	Finghin Collins (born 31 March 1977) is an Irish pianist.	Finghin Collins	31 March 1977
date of birth	Merete Pedersen (born 30 June 1973) is a Danish former football striker who played for Vejle BK and Odense BK in the Elitedivisionen, TSV Siegen in the German Bundesliga and Torres CF in Italy's Serie A, taking part in the UEFA Women's Cup with Odense and Torres.	Merete Pedersen	30 June 1973
date of birth	Otto Beyeler (born 7 July 1926) was a Swiss cross country skier who competed in the 1950s.	Otto Beyeler	7 July 1926
date of birth	Jostein Stordahl (born 20 May 1966) is a Norwegian disabled sportsperson.	Jostein Stordahl	20 May 1966
date of birth	Elena Langer (born Moscow, 8 December 1974) is a Russian-born British composer of operas and other contemporary classical music.	Elena Langer	8 December 1974
date of birth	Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch (born 1944) is the Chief Executive Officer of AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (``AMG, EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ''AMG``).	Heinz Schimmelbusch	1944
date of birth	Perry Criscitelli (born 1950) is a New York restaurant owner who is an alleged member of the Bonanno crime family.	Perry Criscitelli	1950
date of birth	Felix Neureuther (German pronunciation: (ˈfeːlɪks ˈnɔʏʁɔʏtɐ); born 26 March 1984) is a German World Cup alpine ski racer.	Felix Neureuther	26 March 1984
date of birth	Vicente Juan Segura (born 22 May 1955) is the bishop of Ibiza since his episcopal ordination on 14 May 2005.	Vicente Juan Segura	22 May 1955
date of birth	Edward Holt (born 1879) was an English footballer.	Edward Holt	1879
date of birth	Antoine Kombouaré (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃.twan kɔ̃.bwa.ʁe) ; born 16 November 1963) is a former French footballer and the current manager of RC Lens.	Antoine Kombouaré	16 November 1963
date of birth	François Bourdoncle (born 1964) is founder and Chief Strategist of the search engine company Exalead.	François Bourdoncle	1964
date of birth	Zavis of Falkenstein (Czech: Záviš z Falkenštejna; c. 1250 -- 24 August 1290), a member of the Vítkovci dynasty, was a Bohemian noble and opponent of King Ottokar II.	Zavis of Falkenstein	1250
date of birth	Lemar Obika (born 4 April 1978), professionally known simply as Lemar, is an English R&B singer--songwriter and record producer.	Lemar	4 April 1978
date of birth	Thomas Lindrup (born 21 May 1976) is a former Danish professional football winger.	Thomas Lindrup	21 May 1976
date of birth	Tex G. Hall (``Ihbudah Hishi'' ``Red Tipped Arrow''), (born 18 September 1956) is a Native American who was tribal chairman of Three Affiliated Tribes from 1998 to 2006.	Tex G. Hall	18 September 1956
date of birth	Aislín McGuckin is a Northern Irish actress who was born in Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland in 1974.	Aislín McGuckin	1974
date of birth	Martin Kree (born 27 January 1965 in Wickede, North-Rhine Westphalia) is a former German footballer, who played mostly as a central defender.	Martin Kree	27 January 1965
date of birth	Kennedy Katende (born 15 March 1985) is a Swedish amateur boxer from Sundsvall who qualified for the 2008 Olympics in the light-heavyweight division.	Kennedy Katende	15 March 1985
date of birth	Håkan Lidbo (born 20 July 1965 in Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish music producer, primarily active in electronica, but also other genres.	Håkan Lidbo	20 July 1965
date of birth	Ustad Sakhawat Hussain Khan or Sakhawat Hussain (1877-1955) was a virtuoso Indian sarod player, a contemporary of Hafiz Ali Khan and one of the major exponents of the instrument in the 20th century.	Sakhawat Hussain	1877
date of birth	Ellen Bass (born 1947 in Philadelphia) is an American poet and co-author of The Courage to Heal.	Ellen Bass	1947
date of birth	Father Joseph-Noël Ritchot (25 December 1825 -- 16 March 1905), commonly known as Father Noël-Joseph Ritchot, was a Roman Catholic priest noted for his role in negotiating with the Government of Canada on behalf of the Métis during the Red River Rebellion of 1869--1870.	Joseph-Noël Ritchot	25 December 1825
date of birth	Giuseppe Coco (1936 -- 4 August 2012) was an Italian comics artist and illustrator.	Giuseppe Coco	1936
date of birth	Sabri Jaballah (Arabic: صبري جاب الله‎) (born 28 June 1973) is a Tunisian footballer.	Sabri Jaballah	28 June 1973
date of birth	Jane Ash Poitras (born 1951) is a Canadian painter and printmaker of Cree descent.	Jane Ash Poitras	1951
date of birth	Nathan Wegman (born 4 June 1977) in Launceston, Tasmania is an Australian cricket player, who plays for the Tasmanian Tigers.	Nathan Wegman	4 June 1977
date of birth	Julia Middleton (born 1958 in London) is the founder and chief executive officer of Common Purpose UK, an international charity that runs leadership development programmes in 18 countries across the world.	Julia Middleton	1958
date of birth	Peter O. Price (born 1940) is the Chairman of Qubed, a University Ventures Fund portfolio company.	Peter O. Price	1940
date of birth	René Aubry is a French composer born in 1956.	René Aubry	1956
date of birth	Alan Ralsky (born c. 1945) is a convicted American fraudster, best known for his activities as a spammer.	Alan Ralsky	1945
date of birth	Layton Williams (born 13 September 1994) is an English stage actor, best known as one of the boys who played the title role in Billy Elliot the Musical at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London's West End, and as the character Kylie in the BBC UK TV series Beautiful People 2008 and 2009.	Layton Williams	13 September 1994
date of birth	Clark G. Kuebler (c. 1908 -- 1974) was an American professor and educator.	Clark G. Kuebler	1908
date of birth	John Byam Liston Shaw (13 November 1872 -- 26 January 1919), commonly known as Byam Shaw, was an Indian-born British painter, illustrator, designer and teacher.	Byam Shaw	13 November 1872
date of birth	Dan Waern (born 17 January 1933) is a retired Swedish middle-distance runner, who in 1957 became the first Swede to run a sub-four-minute mile.	Dan Waern	17 January 1933
date of birth	Dennis J. Hutchinson (born 1946) is a Senior Lecturer in Law at the University of Chicago, and Master of the undergraduate College's New Collegiate Division where he directs the Law, Letters, and Society program.	Dennis J. Hutchinson	1946
date of birth	Clint Newton (born 18 June 1981) is an American-born retired professional rugby league footballer.	Clint Newton	18 June 1981
date of birth	Ezequiel Dero (born 10 July 1968), known by his stage name DJ Dero, is a DJ, producer and remixer of house, electro house, techno and Eurodance styles.	DJ Dero	10 July 1968
date of birth	Torsti Lehtinen, Finnish writer and philosopher, was born in Helsinki in 1942.	Torsti Lehtinen	1942
date of birth	Roman Novotný (Czech pronunciation: (ˈroman ˈnovotniː); born 5 January 1986) is a Czech long jumper.	Roman Novotný	5 January 1986
date of birth	Basil Biggs (1819--1906) was a free African American laborer and veterinarian.	Basil Biggs	1819
date of birth	Hans Bloesch (26 December 1878 - 28 April 1945) was a Swiss author, editor, correspondent and librarian.	Hans Bloesch	26 December 1878
date of birth	Sven Martinek (born 18 February 1964) is a German actor, best known for portraying the main character Max Zander on the German TV series Der Clown.	Sven Martinek	18 February 1964
date of birth	Allan Holdsworth (born 6 August 1946) is a British guitarist and composer.	Allan Holdsworth	6 August 1946
date of birth	Robert Linssen (11 April 1911 -- 15 May 2004) was a Belgian Zen Buddhist and author.	Robert Linssen	11 April 1911
date of birth	Ron Akana (born 1928 in Honolulu) is a former US-American Flight attendant, who spent 63 years working as cabin crew for United Airlines and who logged an estimated 200 million airmiles.	Ron Akana	1928
date of birth	Hamid bin Abdallah al-Ali (born 1960) has been described as ``an influential Salafi cleric'' based in Kuwait, whom the U.S. Treasury department has described as ``an Al Qaeda facilitator and fundraiser.''	Hamid bin Abdallah al-Ali	1960
date of birth	David Grissom (fl. since 1978) is an American guitarist who has played and toured with several of America's leading bands and recording artists.	David Grissom	1978
date of birth	George Wild Galvin (20 December 1860 -- 31 October 1904), better known by the stage name Dan Leno, was a leading English music hall comedian and musical theatre actor during the late Victorian era.	Dan Leno	20 December 1860
date of birth	Nettie Wild (born 18 May 1952) is a Canadian documentary film filmmaker.	Nettie Wild	18 May 1952
date of birth	Hou Xuemei (born 27 February 1962 in Zhejiang) is a retired Chinese discus thrower.	Hou Xuemei	27 February 1962
date of birth	Richard Gottehrer (born 1940) is an American songwriter, record producer and record label executive.	Richard Gottehrer	1940
date of birth	Eufrasia Burlamacchi (1482--1548) was an Italian nun who practiced the art of manuscript illumination.	Eufrasia Burlamacchi	1482
date of birth	Maria Karagiannopoulou (Greek: Μαρια Καραγιαννοπουλου; born 22 September 1972 in Ludwigshafen, Germany) is a Greek judoka.	Maria Karagiannopoulou	22 September 1972
date of birth	Wacław Tokarz (1873-1937) was a Polish historian and military officer.	Wacław Tokarz	1873
date of birth	Colonel Nicholas Gassaway (Baptized 11 March 1634, died between 10 and 27 January 1691 Julian Calendar) was a colonial military and political leader and justice in early Maryland.	Nicholas Gassaway	11 March 1634
date of birth	Charles Dale (born 28 November 1963) is a Welsh actor who is well known for playing Dennis Stringer in Coronation Street, Gary ``Chef'' Alcock in The Lakes, Clive Eustace in The Eustace Bros. & Big Mac in Casualty.	Charles Dale	28 November 1963
date of birth	Tommy McCue (born 23 September 1913 in Widnes -- death unknown) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s and '40s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and England, and at club level for Widnes, as a Scrum-half/Halfback, i.e. number 7.	Tommy McCue	23 September 1913
date of birth	John Murray Irvine (19 August 1924 -- 14 September 2005) was an Anglican priest.	Murray Irvine	19 August 1924
date of birth	José Gumilla (1686, Cárcer -- 1750, Los Llanos) was a Jesuit priest who wrote a natural history of the Orinoco River region.	José Gumilla	1686
date of birth	Frederick Gymer Parsons FRCS FZS (1863 -- 11 March 1943) was a British writer and scientist, specialising in the fields of anatomy and anthropology.	Frederick Gymer Parsons	1863
date of birth	Itay Manzor (born 2 July 1994) is an Israeli footballer who play in Hapoel Beit She'an.	Itay Manzor	2 July 1994
date of birth	Zhang Lie (simplified Chinese: 张烈; traditional Chinese: 張烈; Pinyin: Zhāng Liè; born 25 May 1982) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Lie	25 May 1982
date of birth	Victor Mensah (born 25 December 1985) is a Ghanaian footballer who has won the Thailand Premier League with club side Provincial Electricity Authority.	Victor Mensah	25 December 1985
date of birth	Brian Wenning (born 1981 in Monmouth Beach, New Jersey) is a professional skateboarder formerly affiliated with Plan B Skateboards, Habitat Skateboards, and DC Shoes.	Brian Wenning	1981
date of birth	Jiyul (born 1957) is a South Korean Buddhist nun belonging to the Jogye Order, the largest in Korean Buddhism.	Jiyul	1957
date of birth	Yu Minzhong (Chinese: 于敏中; pinyin: Yú Mǐnzhōng, 1714--1779) was an official of the Qing Dynasty, who served as chief grand councilor for part of the reign of the Qianlong Emperor.	Yu Minzhong	1714
date of birth	Anuar Manan (born 11 October 1986) is a Malaysian professional cyclist, currently riding for the Terengganu Cycling Team.	Anuar Manan	11 October 1986
date of birth	Jozef Liščák (born 18 January 1947) is former Minister of Justice of Slovakia in third government of Vladimír Mečiar.	Jozef Liščák	18 January 1947
date of birth	Gracie Gilbert (born 20 October 1992) is an Australian actor, best known for her role as Tammy Lane in the Fox8 teen drama series, SLiDE, as Vicki in Lockie Leonard, and as Annie in Love Child.	Gracie Gilbert	20 October 1992
date of birth	Terence Croucher (born 1944 in Jutogh, India) is a British composer and performer based in north Cumbria, England.	Terence Croucher	1944
date of birth	Joseph Gales, Jr. (1786 -- July 21, 1860) was an American journalist and the ninth mayor of Washington, D.C. from 1827 to 1830.	Joseph Gales	1786
date of birth	Dingeman Adriaan Henry van der Sluijs (born 28 December 1947), better known by his stage name Dick Diamonde, is a retired Dutch-Australian bass guitarist.	Dick Diamonde	28 December 1947
date of birth	Ming Bridges (Chinese: 喬毓明; pinyin: Qiáo Yùmíng) (born 5 November 1992) is a Singaporean singer-songwriter, actress and model.	Ming Bridges	5 November 1992
date of birth	Sir Tangaroa Tangaroa MBE, (6 May 1921 -- 23 May 2009), was a Cook Islands politician.	Tangaroa Tangaroa	6 May 1921
date of birth	Margarita Lozano (born 14 February 1931, in Tetuan) is a Spanish-born actress known for her career in Italian films.	Margarita Lozano	14 February 1931
date of birth	Hugh II of Cyprus (or Hugues II de Lusignan) (June--August, 1252 or 1253 -- November or December 5, 1267) was king of Cyprus and, from the age of 5 years, also Regent of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.	Hugh II of Cyprus	1252
date of birth	Maria Domitilla Galluzzi (1595--1671) was a Catholic mystic, never canonized.	Maria Domitilla Galluzzi	1595
date of birth	William Chadwell (born 1614) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1640 and 1644.	William Chadwell	1614
date of birth	Tom Cheeseman (born 22 March 1986) is a Welsh rugby union footballer currently playing for Esher.	Tom Cheeseman	22 March 1986
date of birth	Abby Jackson (born 1982) is a British artist, Stuckist painter, writer and art activist.	Abby Jackson	1982
date of birth	Garth Taylor (born 10 July 1980) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1999 and 2000.	Garth Taylor	10 July 1980
date of birth	Alexander Kennedy Isbister (June 1822 -- 28 May 1883) was born at Cumberland House in what is now Saskatchewan.	Alexander Kennedy Isbister	June 1822
date of birth	Clarence Lemuel Elisha Moore (12 May 1876, Bainbridge, Ohio -- 5 December 1931) was an American mathematics professor, specializing in algebraic geometry and Riemannian geometry.	Clarence Lemuel Elisha Moore	12 May 1876
date of birth	Birendra Narayan Chakraborty (1904 -- March 26, 1976) was an Indian politician and second governor of Haryana.	Birendra Narayan Chakraborty	1904
date of birth	Yolanthe Sneijder-Cabau (née Cabau van Kasbergen; 19 March 1985) is a Spanish-Dutch actress and television host.	Yolanthe Sneijder-Cabau	19 March 1985
date of birth	Fredrik Hagemann (born 4 March 1929) is a Norwegian geologist and bureaucrat He was born in Andenes as the son of literary historian and literary critic Sonja Hagemann.	Fredrik Hagemann	4 March 1929
date of birth	Diane Kennedy (born 1956) is an American CPA, speaker, and financial writer.	Diane Kennedy	1956
date of birth	Caterina Klusemann (born 8 February 1973 in Lucca, Italy) is an independent filmmaker and documentarist.	Caterina Klusemann	8 February 1973
date of birth	Babette Haag (born 31 October 1967) is a German percussionist, who specialises in Marimba playing.	Babette Haag	31 October 1967
date of birth	Samuel Vilozny (born 10 January 1954) (Hebrew: שמואל וילוז'ני‎) is an Israeli comedian, actor and director as well as a political activist.	Samuel Vilozny	10 January 1954
date of birth	Kenneth Roth (born 23 September 1955) is an American attorney who has been the executive director of Human Rights Watch since 1993.	Kenneth Roth	1955
date of birth	George Washington Bowie, (1827--1901) was a Civil War Union officer, commander of 5th Regiment California Volunteer Infantry, brevetted Brigadier General of Volunteers.	George Washington Bowie	1827
date of birth	Hafsa Bekri-Lamrani (born 1948) is a poet and writer of a book of short stories, Jellabiates (2001).	Hafsa Bekri	1948
date of birth	Lennart Fremling (1946-2013) was a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1991--1998 and again 2002--2006.	Lennart Fremling	1946
date of birth	André Kouprianoff (born 19 October 1938) is a retired French speed skater who won three all-round medals at the European and world championships in 1960--1962.	André Kouprianoff	19 October 1938
date of birth	Edwin Adams Davis (1904 -- April 24, 1994) was an American historian who specialized in studies of his adopted state of Louisiana.	Edwin Adams Davis	1904
date of birth	William Percival Johnson (12 March 1854 in St Helens, Isle of Wight -- October 1928 in Liuli, Tanganyika) was an Anglican missionary to Nyasaland.	William Percival Johnson	12 March 1854
date of birth	Grant Stockdale (1915 -- December 2, 1963) was a Florida businessman and friend of President John F. Kennedy who served as United States Ambassador to Ireland in 1961-62.	Grant Stockdale	1915
date of birth	Fred Boot (Groningen, 1965) is a Dutch theatre producer.	Fred Boot	1965
date of birth	Alessio Morosin (Noale, 20 June 1955) is a Venetian lawyer, separatist and Venetist politician.	Alessio Morosin	20 June 1955
date of birth	Hannah Pritchard (1711--1768) was an English actress who regularly played opposite David Garrick.	Hannah Pritchard	1711
date of birth	Angelo Vincenzo Zani (born 24 March 1950) is the current Secretary of the Congregation for Catholic Education (second-highest official) since his appointment was announced by the then-Pope, Benedict XVI, on 9 November 2012, not long before Benedict's resignation.	Angelo Vincenzo Zani	24 March 1950
date of birth	Otto Herrigel (27 June 1937 -- 13 May 2013) was a Namibian lawyer, businessman, and politician.	Otto Herrigel	27 June 1937
date of birth	Ashley Lloyd (billed as Ashley Luke Lloyd) (born 6 July 1991) is a British actor and dancer, who has performed in hit musical theatre shows such as Billy Elliot the Musical and Whistle Down the Wind.	Ashley Lloyd	6 July 1991
date of birth	Bengt Fahlström (born 28 August 1938) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter, he presented Barnjournalen at SVT between 1972 and 1988.	Bengt Fahlström	28 August 1938
date of birth	Veljko Paunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Вeљкo Пауновић; born 21 August 1977) is a retired Serbian footballer, and the current head coach of American club Chicago Fire Soccer Club.	Veljko Paunović	21 August 1977
date of birth	Sir Hugh Owen, 1st Baronet (4 May 1604 -- October 1670) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1626 and 1660.	Sir Hugh Owen, 1st Baronet	4 May 1604
date of birth	Marmaduke Furness, 1st Viscount Furness and 2nd Baron Furness (29 October 1883 -- 6 October 1940), was a British shipping magnate.	Marmaduke Furness, 1st Viscount Furness	29 October 1883
date of birth	Cecil Patteson Nickalls, D.S.O. (14 October 1877 - 7 April 1925) was a Colonel in the Royal Field Artillery.	Cecil Patteson Nickalls	14 October 1877
date of birth	Pir Zia Inayat Khan (born 1971) is a scholar and teacher of Sufism in the lineage of his grandfather, Hazrat Inayat Khan.	Zia Inayat Khan	1971
date of birth	Mihalj Kečkeš (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаљ Кечкеш) (24 September 1913 -- 31 December 1985) was a Serbian/Yugoslav footballer.	Mihalj Kečkeš	24 September 1913
date of birth	Charles Hanbury-Tracy, 1st Baron Sudeley (28 December 1778 -- 10 February 1858), known as Charles Hanbury until 1798 and as Charles Hanbury Tracy from 1798 to 1838, was a British Whig politician.	Charles Hanbury-Tracy, 1st Baron Sudeley	28 December 1778
date of birth	Peter B. Bensinger (born 1936 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA).	Peter B. Bensinger	1936
date of birth	Emil Stepanek (21 February 1895--12 April 1945) was an Austrian set designer and film architect.	Emil Stepanek	21 February 1895
date of birth	Karsten Lippmann (born 21 June 1958 in Hannover, Germany) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships.	Karsten Lippmann	21 June 1958
date of birth	Karapet Mikaelyan (Armenian: Կարապետ Միքայելյան, born 27 September 1969, Moscow, Soviet Union) is a former Russia born Armenian football striker.	Karapet Mikaelyan	27 September 1969
date of birth	Hans Børli (8 December 1918 -- 26 August 1989) was a Norwegian poet and writer, who besides his writings worked as a lumberjack all his life.	Hans Børli	8 December 1918
date of birth	Zsuzsanna Szőcs (born 10 April 1962) is a Hungarian fencer, who won two Olympic medals in the foil team competitions.	Zsuzsanna Szőcs	10 April 1962
date of birth	Cilibi Moise or Cilibi Moisi (born Froim Moise; 1812 -- January 31, 1870) was a Moldovan-born Wallachian and Romanian peddler, humorist, aphorist, and raconteur.	Cilibi Moise	1812
date of birth	Felice Beato (1832 -- 29 January 1909), also known as Felix Beato, was an Italian--	Felice Beato	1832
date of birth	Newport Gardner (born Occramer Marycoo, 1746--1826) was an African American singing school master and composer.	Newport Gardner	1746
date of birth	Karl-Heinz Priester (1913 -- 16 April 1960) was a German far right political activist.	Karl-Heinz Priester	1913
date of birth	Lillian Willoughby (c. 1916 -- January 15, 2009) was a Quaker activist who advocated for world peace, founded Take Back the Night, and conducted nonviolent protests against war and preparations for war for nearly 70 years.	Lillian Willoughby	1916
date of birth	Stanisław Julian Ostroróg (1830--1890) was an early professional portrait photographer who created photogravures of many famous contemporaries including Victor Hugo and Sarah Bernhardt.	Stanisław Julian Ostroróg	1830
date of birth	Chester Alwyn Barr, Jr. (born January 18, 1938) is an American historian who specializes in African American studies, the American South, the American Civil War, and Reconstruction.	Alwyn Barr	1938
date of birth	Fred Gainous was born in 1947, and his hometown is Tallahassee, Florida.	Fred Gainous	1947
date of birth	Günter Baum (born 1960) is an openly gay man, who founded two Christian ministries in Germany.	Günter Baum	1960
date of birth	Alf Daniel Moen (born 2 February 1950) is a Norwegian forester and politician for the Labour Party.	Alf Daniel Moen	2 February 1950
date of birth	Helen Vita (7 August 1928 -- 16 February 2001) was a Swiss chanson singer, actress, and comedian.	Helen Vita	7 August 1928
date of birth	Jenny Munro (born 1956) is an Australian Wiradjuri elder and a prominent activist for the rights of Indigenous Australians.	Jenny Munro	1956
date of birth	Eunice Spry (born 28 April 1944) is a British woman from Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire, a Jehovah's Witness who was convicted of 26 charges of child abuse against children in her foster care in April 2007.	Eunice Spry	28 April 1944
date of birth	Ossama Khalil (Arabic: أسامة خليل‎; born 5 February 1954) is a retired Egyptian footballer.	Ossama Khalil	5 February 1954
date of birth	The Reverend James Bulwer (21 March 1794 -- 11 June 1879) was an English collector, naturalist and conchologist.	James Bulwer	21 March 1794
date of birth	J.W. Buckley (born 1978) is a writer originally from Tewksbury, Massachusetts.	J.W. Buckley	1978
date of birth	Basil Bernstein (1 November 1924 -- 24 September 2000) was a British sociologist known for his work in the sociology of education.	Basil Bernstein	1 November 1924
date of birth	India Jane Birley (born 14 January 1961) is a British artist, heiress and businesswoman.	India Jane Birley	14 January 1961
date of birth	Ferenc Nyúl (1896 -- ?) was a Hungarian footballer and manager.	Ferenc Nyúl	1896
date of birth	Anthony Genaro Acosta (1942 -- May 7, 2014), known professionally as Tony Genaro, was an American film, television and stage actor.	Tony Genaro	1942
date of birth	Maureen Paley (born 1953) is the American owner of a contemporary art gallery in Bethnal Green, London, where she lives.	Maureen Paley	1953
date of birth	Gary Madine (born 24 August 1990) is an English footballer who currently plays for Bolton Wanderers.	Gary Madine	24 August 1990
date of birth	Günter Hirsch (born 30 January 1943) is a German legal scholar and a former president of the Federal Court of Justice of Germany.	Günter Hirsch	30 January 1943
date of birth	Nikolay Tatarinov (born 14 December 1927 in Leningrad) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic medalist.	Nikolay Tatarinov	14 December 1927
date of birth	Joseph Glasco (1925 -- May 31, 1996) was an American Abstract Expressionist painter and sculptor, best known for being at one time the youngest artist represented in the permanent collection of The Museum of Modern Art.	Joseph Glasco	1925
date of birth	Frère Jacques Beaulieu (1651--1720), also known as Frère Jacques Baulot, was a travelling lithotomist with scant knowledge of anatomy and was also a Dominican friar.	Frère Jacques Beaulieu	1651
date of birth	Veaceslav Iordan (born 12 June 1966, in Chircăieşti, Causeni) is a Moldovan politician who served as interim general mayor of Chișinău (January--June 2007).	Veaceslav Iordan	12 June 1966
date of birth	Michael Bingham (born 13 April 1986) is a British 400 m athlete.	Michael Bingham	13 April 1986
date of birth	Douglas R. White (born 1942) is an American complexity researcher, social anthropologist, sociologist, and social network researcher at the University of California, Irvine.	Douglas R. White	1942
date of birth	Shirley Cothran (born 1953) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Texas.	Shirley Cothran	1953
date of birth	Hal Becker (born 1954 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American author and nationally known expert on the subjects of sales, customer service, and negotiating.	Hal Becker	1954
date of birth	Gordon Hookey (born 1961 Cloncurry) is an Australian aboriginal artist from the Waanyi people.	Gordon Hookey	1961
date of birth	Sam Speakman (born 9 August 1884 in Liverpool, England) was an English footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Sam Speakman	9 August 1884
date of birth	Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Ahmad Hassani Baghdadi (Arabic: السيد احمد الحسني البغدادي) (born 1944) is an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja.	Ahmad Hassani Baghdadi	1944
date of birth	Lewis Fitz-Gerald (born 15 November 1958) is an Australian actor and television director who has obtained a master's degree in Creative Writing, majoring in Communications Studies.	Lewis Fitz-Gerald	15 November 1958
date of birth	George A. Cooper (born 7 March 1925) is a retired English actor and voice artist.	George A. Cooper	7 March 1925
date of birth	Jordon Bourke (born 11 November 1994) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jordon Bourke	11 November 1994
date of birth	Tim Tadlock (born 21 December 1968 in Denton, Texas) is a collegiate baseball coach and former player.	Tim Tadlock	21 December 1968
date of birth	Surendra Prakash Goyal (born 1 January 1946), is an Indian politician from Gaziabad, Uttar Pradesh.	Surendra Prakash Goyal	1 January 1946
date of birth	Maxwell Kofi Jumah (born 26 June 1950) is a Ghanaian politician and a former Mayor of Kumasi, former Member of Parliament for the Asokwa Constituency in the Ashanti Region	Maxwell Kofi Jumah	26 June 1950
date of birth	Jean-Louis Lalonde (17 June 1923- 30 May 2007) was a Montréal based Canadian architect, perhaps most famous for his pioneering work with the Montréal Municipal Housing Corporation, Place Saint-Henri Metro Station and his involvement with the promotion of architecture worldwide.	Jean-Louis Lalonde	17 June 1923
date of birth	Gretchen Osgood Warren (19 March 1868 -- September 1961), the wife of Fiske Warren, was an actress, singer and poet.	Gretchen Osgood Warren	19 March 1868
date of birth	Sean Street (born 2 June 1946, Waterlooville, Hampshire) is a writer, poet, broadcaster.	Sean Street	2 June 1946
date of birth	Daniel Mangeas, (born 10 April 1949) is a former baker who has been the commentator of the Tour de France and other important cycle races in France and Belgium since 1974.	Daniel Mangeas	10 April 1949
date of birth	Marie Dähnhardt, born 1818 in Gadebusch, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany, the daughter of an apothecary, was a German suffragette avant la lettre, for some time associated with the Berlin debating club Die Freien.	Marie Dähnhardt	1818
date of birth	Graham V. Hartstone (born in 1944) is a British sound engineer.	Graham V. Hartstone	1944
date of birth	Bariša Čolak (1 January 1956) is Bosnian Croat politician and lawyer.	Bariša Čolak	1 January 1956
date of birth	Levent Kazak (born 5 May 1967 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish screenwriter and actor.	Levent Kazak	5 May 1967
date of birth	Jozef Gábriš (25 June 1933 -- 1994) was a controlline aerobatics pilot (F2B) from the former Czechoslovakia.	Jozef Gábriš	25 June 1933
date of birth	Johannes Conrad (b. 28 February 1839 in West Prussia) was a German political economist.	Johannes Conrad	28 February 1839
date of birth	Chi Peng (Chinese: 迟鹏 born 1981) is a Chinese-born artist, Lives and Works in Beijing, China.	Chi Peng	1981
date of birth	David Edward Cronin, also known by his pseudonym Seth Eyland, (12 July 1839 -- 9 June 1925) was an American painter, illustrator and journalist.	David Edward Cronin	12 July 1839
date of birth	Joey Welz (born 1940) is an American musician born in Baltimore, Maryland who is best known for his tenure as pianist with Bill Haley and His Comets.	Joey Welz	1940
date of birth	Joshua Meyer (born 1974, Lubbock, Texas, United States) is an American artist, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Joshua Meyer	1974
date of birth	Charlotte Haslund-Christensen (born 1963) is a Danish lens-based visual artist born and based in Copenhagen.	Charlotte Haslund-Christensen	1963
date of birth	Konrad Junghänel (born 27 February 1953) is a German lutenist and conductor in the field of historically informed performance, the founder and director of the vocal ensemble Cantus Cölln.	Konrad Junghänel	27 February 1953
date of birth	Krste Velkoski (Macedonian: Крсте Велкоски; born 20 February 1988) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays for Bosnian Premier League club FK Sarajevo.	Krste Velkoski	20 February 1988
date of birth	Charline von Heyl (born 1960) is a German artist best known for her abstract painting.	Charline von Heyl	1960
date of birth	Hugh Skinner (born 6 January 1985) is an English actor best known for playing Joly in the 2012 film Les Miserables and Will Humphries in W1A.	Hugh Skinner	6 January 1985
date of birth	Squadron Leader Charles George Gass MC (18 April 1898 -- March 1977) was the highest scoring observer ace during the First World War, with a total of 39 victories (16 solo) scored serving as a gunner flying with various pilots.	Charles George Gass	18 April 1898
date of birth	Darren Porter (born 8 May 1984) is an English DJ and trance music producer from Sunderland, UK, living in Germany.	Darren Porter	8 May 1984
date of birth	Héctor Zumbado Argueta (born in Havana in 1932), also known as H. Zumbado is a Cuban writer, journalist, critic, humorist, and essayist.	Héctor Zumbado	1932
date of birth	Snehal Ambekar (Marathi: स्नेहल आंबेकर) (born July 31, 1972) is Shiv Sena Politician from Mumbai.	Snehal Ambekar	1972
date of birth	Violinist Peter Sheppard Skærved (born 1966) is the dedicatee of over 150 new works.	Peter Sheppard Skærved	1966
date of birth	Wilner Piquant (born 4 December 1951) was a Haitian international footballer with Haitian club Violette A.C. and was part of the Haitian Squad at the World Cup in Germany in 1974.	Wilner Piquant	4 December 1951
date of birth	Roy Lockwood, (8 June 1907 to 25 April 2002) was a pioneering British film, television and radio director.	Roy Lockwood	8 June 1907
date of birth	Grant H. Palmer (born 1940) is an American educator best known for his controversial work, An Insider's View of Mormon Origins, which ostensibly led to his disfellowshipment in 2004 from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Grant H. Palmer	1940
date of birth	Jon Ortner (Jonathan Ortner) (born 1951, Great Neck, Long Island, New York) is an American photographer known for his work in the Himalaya Mountains of Nepal, Bhutan, and Ladakh.	Jon Ortner	1951
date of birth	Emil Stanisław Rappaport (8 July 1877 -- 10 August 1965) was the son of Feliks Rappaport and Justyna Bauerertz and a Polish Jewish lawyer .	Emil Stanisław Rappaport	8 July 1877
date of birth	Lu Wenhui (卢文辉; born 19 May 1994) is a water polo player of China.	Lu Wenhui	19 May 1994
date of birth	Antoine Bangui-Rombaye (born 1933) is a Chadian political figure and author.	Antoine Bangui	1933
date of birth	Ganesh Patro (22 June 1945 -- 5 January 2015) was an Indian playwright and screen writer in Telugu cinema.	Ganesh Patro	22 June 1945
date of birth	Bob Harrington (born 1912) was an American jazz vibraphonist.	Bob Harrington	1912
date of birth	Rob Doran (born 1976) was the original bassist of the Chicago punk band Alkaline Trio, formed in 1996.	Rob Doran	1976
date of birth	Harry Plackett (born 1870) was an English footballer who played for Derby County and Nottingham Forest.	Harry Plackett	1870
date of birth	Stuart Maxfield (born 9 April 1972) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Stuart Maxfield	9 April 1972
date of birth	Kevin Ball (born 12 November 1964) is an English former footballer who holds the position of senior professional development coach at Sunderland.	Kevin Ball	12 November 1964
date of birth	Marcelle Deschênes-Harvey née Price (b. 2 March 1939) is a Canadian multi-media artist, music educator and composer.	Marcelle Deschênes	2 March 1939
date of birth	Prescott Lecky (1892--1941) was a lecturer of Psychology at Columbia University from 1924 to 1934.	Prescott Lecky	1892
date of birth	Dauvit Broun (English: David Brown) (born 1961) is a Scottish historian, Professor of Scottish History at the University of Glasgow.	Dauvit Broun	1961
date of birth	Timmy O'Neill (born 1969) is an American professional rock climber, guide, and comedian.	Timmy O'Neill	1969
date of birth	James P. Leddy (born 1942) was a Democratic member of the Vermont State Senate, who represented the Chittenden senate district.	James P. Leddy	1942
date of birth	Hsiang Chun-Hsien (Chinese: 向俊賢; born 4 September 1993) is a Taiwanese athlete specialising in the high jump.	Hsiang Chun-Hsien	4 September 1993
date of birth	Pearl Thompson (born Paul Stephen Thompson 8 November 1957 in Surrey), previously known as Porl Thompson, is an English musician best known for his work with The Cure.	Pearl Thompson	8 November 1957
date of birth	Christopher Colles (1739--1816) was an Irish and American engineer and inventor, known for his work on numerous inland improvement projects, among them a water distribution system in New York City, canals to link the Atlantic seaboard to the American interior, and a road atlas of the northeastern United States.	Christopher Colles	1739
date of birth	Juan José Haedo (born 26 January 1981) is an Argentine former professional road racing cyclist and track cyclist, who rode professionally between 2003 and 2014.	Juan José Haedo	26 January 1981
date of birth	Orhan Aytür (born 1965) is a Turkish professor of optoelectronics and world champion amateur underwater photographer.	Orhan Aytür	1965
date of birth	Bruno Oldani (born 14 March 1936) is a Swiss designer.	Bruno Oldani	1936
date of birth	Petros Tampouris, Petros Tabouris (Πέτρος Ταμπούρης) (b. Athens, 1967) is a Greek musician, composer and musicologist.	Petros Tabouris	1967
date of birth	Madison de Rozario (born 24 November 1993) is an Australian Paralympic athlete.	Madison de Rozario	24 November 1993
date of birth	Fujiwara no Korenari (藤原 惟成) (953--989) was a Japanese courtier of the Heian era.	Fujiwara no Korenari	953
date of birth	Andrej Poljanec (born 10 November 1984) is a Slovenian track & field athlete who specializes in the pole vault.	Andrej Poljanec	10 November 1984
date of birth	Hussain Ghuloum Abbas Ali (Arabic: حسين غلوم عباس‎) (born 24 September 1969), is a UAE football (soccer) player who played as a left winger for the UAE national football team and Sharjah Club in Sharjah.	Hussain Ghuloum	24 September 1969
date of birth	Žarko Grabovač (born 16 June 1983) is a former Serbian professional footballer who played as a striker.	Žarko Grabovač	16 June 1983
date of birth	Victor Sillon (born 23 December 1927) is a French athlete who specialises in pole vault.	Victor Sillon	23 December 1927
date of birth	Kristian Jaksch (born 7 October 1994) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Carlton Football Club.	Kristian Jaksch	7 October 1994
date of birth	John Reis (born 1969) and also known by the pseudonyms Speedo, Slasher, and The Swami is an American musician, singer, guitarist, record label owner, and disc jockey.	John Reis	1969
date of birth	Paolo Limiti (born 8 May 1940) is an Italian lyricist, journalist, radio and television writer and presenter.	Paolo Limiti	8 May 1940
date of birth	Miriam Leone (born 14 April 1985) is an Italian television personality and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Italia 2008 beauty contest.	Miriam Leone	14 April 1985
date of birth	Leigh Sprague (born Leigh Elisha Sprague; 7 April 1970) is a former New York attorney and formerly prominent international lawyer who specialized in representing Russian oligarchs in their international activities.	Leigh Sprague	7 April 1970
date of birth	Bartley Christopher Frueh (born 1963) is a clinical psychologist and American author.	Bartley Christopher Frueh	1963
date of birth	George Augustus Simcox (1841--1905) was a British classical scholar and poet.	George Augustus Simcox	1841
date of birth	Zdravko Velimirović (11 October 1930 -- 7 February 2005) was a Yugoslavian film director and screenwriter, University Professor, a member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences.	Zdravko Velimirović	11 October 1930
date of birth	Tomo Razmilovic (born 31 May 1942) is a Croatian-born businessman, formerly the chief executive officer of Long Island, New York-based Symbol Technologies.	Tomo Razmilovic	31 May 1942
date of birth	George Barclay Richardson CBE (born 19 September 1924) is a British economist, who was Warden of Keble College, Oxford, from 1989 to 1994.	George Barclay Richardson	1924
date of birth	Heikki Kirkinen (22 September 1927 in Kuusjärvi), is a professor in history at Joensuu University.	Heikki Kirkinen	22 September 1927
date of birth	Joseph Greco (born 1972) is a writer, director and producer living in Los Angeles.	Joseph Greco	1972
date of birth	Wayne Sanders (born 29 May 1969) is a Christian worship leader and songwriter who is Music Director at Cambridge Community Church, an Evangelical church in central Cambridge, England.	Wayne Sanders	29 May 1969
date of birth	Donna Morrissey (born in 1956 at The Beaches, Newfoundland) is a Canadian author.	Donna Morrissey	1956
date of birth	Nebojša Todorović (Serbian Cyrilic: Небојша Тодоровић ; born on 2 September 1957, in Leskovac, Yugoslavia - now Serbia) is a Serbian musicologist and university professor.	Nebojša Todorović	2 September 1957
date of birth	Helena Mattsson (born 30 March 1984) is a Swedish actress living and working in Hollywood.	Helena Mattsson	30 March 1984
date of birth	Derek Scrimgour (born 29 March 1978) is a former professional footballer, who played for St. Mirren in the 2000--01 Scottish Premier League.	Derek Scrimgour	29 March 1978
date of birth	Hasan Vezir (7 September 1962) is a Turkish former footballer and currently a football manager.	Hasan Vezir	7 September 1962
date of birth	Marino Drake (born 18 June 1967 in Limonar, Matanzas) is a retired Cuban athlete competing in the high jump.	Marino Drake	18 June 1967
date of birth	Mary Sadler was born on 2 May 1941 in the Netherlands and emigrated with parents to South Africa while still a child.	Mary Sadler	2 May 1941
date of birth	Leo Sheffield (15 November 1873 -- 3 September 1951) was an English singer and actor best known for his performances in baritone roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Leo Sheffield	15 November 1873
date of birth	Yasmin Alibhai-Brown (born Yasmin Damji on 10 December 1949) is a Ugandan-born British journalist and author, who describes herself as a ``leftie liberal, anti-racist, feminist, Shia Muslim, part-Pakistani, and ... a very responsible person''.	Yasmin Alibhai-Brown	10 December 1949
date of birth	Rafael Navarro Garralaga is a Spanish photographer born in Zaragoza in 1940.	Rafael Navarro Garralaga	1940
date of birth	Sir Simon Baskerville, M.D. (1574--1641) was an English physician.	Simon Baskerville	1574
date of birth	Vicky Krieps (born 4 October 1983) is a Luxembourgish actress who has starred in a number of Luxembourgish, French and predominantly German productions.	Vicky Krieps	4 October 1983
date of birth	Jairo Arrieta Obando (born 25 August 1983) is a Costa Rican footballer, who plays for New York Cosmos of the North American Soccer League.	Jairo Arrieta	25 August 1983
date of birth	Belinda Stewart-Wilson (born 16 April 1971) is an English actress, best known for her role as Polly McKenzie in The Inbetweeners.	Belinda Stewart-Wilson	16 April 1971
date of birth	Although it was an accepted part of Hadrian's personal history that he was born in Spain, his Historia Augusta biography states that he was born in Rome on 24 January 76, of an ethnically Hispanic with vague paternal links to Italy.	Hadrian	24 January 76
date of birth	Kwabena Sarkodee Adjepong better known by his stage name Kwabs (born 24 April 1990) is a British Ghanaian singer and songwriter.	Kwabs	24 April 1990
date of birth	Bernard Deconinck (born 26 April 1936) is a retired French track cyclist who won a silver medal in the motor-paced racing at the 1959 World Championships.	Bernard Deconinck	26 April 1936
date of birth	John Izard Middleton (1785--1849) was an American archeologist and artist.	John Izard Middleton	1785
date of birth	Karol Adwentowicz (19 October 1871 -- 19 July 1958) was a Polish actor and theater director.	Karol Adwentowicz	19 October 1871
date of birth	Ilona Kabos (7 December 1893 -- 27 May 1973) was a Hungarian-British pianist and teacher.	Ilona Kabos	1893
date of birth	Ernst Wilhelm Moes (1864 -- 1912), was a Dutch art historian and director of the print cabinet for the Rijksmuseum.	Ernst Wilhelm Moes	1864
date of birth	Sir Humphrey Arundell (c. 1513 -- 27 January 1550) was the leader of Cornish forces in the Prayer Book Rebellion early in the reign of King Edward VI.	Humphrey Arundell	1513
date of birth	Bill Lokan (born 1 October 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Lokan	1 October 1959
date of birth	Jonathan Horowitz (born 1966) is a New York based artist working in video, sculpture, sound installation, and photography.	Jonathan Horowitz	1966
date of birth	Are Nakkim (born 13 February 1964) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.	Are Nakkim	13 February 1964
date of birth	Alan Cumyn (born 8 January 1960) is a Canadian novelist who lives in Ottawa, Ontario.	Alan Cumyn	8 January 1960
date of birth	Marie Gahéry (1867-1932) was a pioneering French Catholic social worker and educationalist.	Marie Gahéry	1867
date of birth	Harm Haijo Apotheker (born 5 June 1950, Loppersum) is a Dutch politician for the Democraten 66 party.	Haijo Apotheker	5 June 1950
date of birth	Stephen Garlick is an English actor, born in Stockwell, London, on 7 July 1959.	Stephen Garlick	7 July 1959
date of birth	Alexander Ivanovich Cherepanov (21 November 1895 (O.S. 9 November) - 6 July 1984) was a Soviet military leader.	Alexander Ivanovich Cherepanov	21 November 1895
date of birth	Edward Shearmur (sometimes known as Ed Shearmur; born 28 February 1966) is a British film composer.	Edward Shearmur	28 February 1966
date of birth	Kathleen MacInnes (born 30 December 1969) is a Scottish singer, television presenter and actress, who performs primarily in Scottish Gaelic.	Kathleen MacInnes	30 December 1969
date of birth	Ronald Lee (born 1934) is a Romani Canadian writer, linguist and activist.	Ronald Lee	1934
date of birth	Salim Mvurya, Salim Mvurya Mgala or Mvurya Salim Mgalla (born 1970) is a Kenyan politician.	Salim Mvurya	1970
date of birth	Lawrence Power is a British violist, born 1977, noted both for solo performances and for chamber music with the Nash Ensemble and Leopold String Trio.	Lawrence Power	1977
date of birth	Alastair Fothergill (born 10 April 1960) is a British producer of nature documentaries for television and cinema.	Alastair Fothergill	10 April 1960
date of birth	Matthew Brettingham the Younger (1725 -- 18 March 1803) was an architect.	Matthew Brettingham the Younger	1725
date of birth	Aleksander Kolkowski (born 1959 in London) is a British musician and composer whose work combines instruments and machines from the pioneering era of sound recording and reproduction (Stroh violins, wind-up Gramophones, shellac discs and wax-cylinder Phonographs) to make live mechanical-acoustic music.	Aleksander Kolkowski	1959
date of birth	Jeffrey Bub (born 1942) is a physicist and philosopher of physics, and Distinguished Professor in the Department of Philosophy and the Institute for Physical Science and Technology at the University of Maryland, College Park.	Jeffrey Bub	1942
date of birth	Vedanayagam Sastriar 1774 -1864 of Thanjavur, poet-lyricist, court poet in the palace of Serfoji II. He was a poet and writer with 133 books and over 500 lyrics to his credit.	Vedanayagam Sastriar	1774
date of birth	Markus Gellhaus (born 9 June 1970) is a former German football player who last managed SC Paderborn.	Markus Gellhaus	9 June 1970
date of birth	Filaret Galchev (Russian: Филарет Гальчев; born 26 May 1963 in Tbilisi, Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic) is a Russian businessman, Chairman of Eurocement group.	Filaret Galchev	26 May 1963
date of birth	Jamal Zougam (c. 1973, Tangier) was one of six men implicated in the 2004 Madrid train bombings.	Jamal Zougam	1973
date of birth	Limmie Snell (1945 -- 1986) was an American soul singer, born in Dalton, Alabama.	Limmie Snell	1945
date of birth	Patrick Clinch (1790 -- March 10, 1868) was a farmer, newspaper owner and political figure in New Brunswick.	Patrick Clinch	1790
date of birth	Nabila Ebeid (Arabic: نبيلة عبيد‎) (born 21 January 1945 in Cairo), also spelled Nabila Obeid, is an Egyptian actress.	Nabila Ebeid	21 January 1945
date of birth	Suellen Rocca (born 1943) is a Chicago artist, one of the original Chicago Imagists, a group in the 1960s and 1970s who turned to representational art. She exhibited with them at the Hyde Park Art Center from 1966 through 1969.	Suellen Rocca	1943
date of birth	James F. Hutchinson (born 1932) is a painter.	James F. Hutchinson	1932
date of birth	Paul Kleinert (23 September 1837 -- 29 July 1920) was a German theologian, born at Vielguth in Prussian Silesia.	Paul Kleinert	23 September 1837
date of birth	Erick Keter (born 22 July 1966, in Kabarusu, Kericho) is a retired Kenyan athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.	Erick Keter	22 July 1966
date of birth	Rogelio Bernal Andreo (born 9 January 1969) is a Spanish-American astrophotographer.	Rogelio Bernal Andreo	9 January 1969
date of birth	Juan Gustavo Scheps Grandal (Montevideo, 1 December 1954) is a Uruguayan architect and professor.	Gustavo Scheps	1 December 1954
date of birth	Syed Mahmood Naqvi (28 August 1941--4 September 2009) was an Indian Earth scientist specialising in geochemistry at the National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) in Hyderabad.	Syed Mahmood Naqvi	28 August 1941
date of birth	Katrín Jónsdóttir (born 31 May 1977) is an Icelandic former football player.	Katrín Jónsdóttir	31 May 1977
date of birth	Raymond Obstfeld (born 1952, Williamsport, Pennsylvania) is an American novelist, screenwriter and non-fiction writer.	Raymond Obstfeld	1952
date of birth	Michael Monaghan (born 13 May 1980) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for Canberra Raiders and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League, and for Warrington in the European Super League.	Michael Monaghan	13 May 1980
date of birth	Joseph Robert Sealy (b. 1907 - d. August 1, 2000 ) was an English botanist.	Joseph Robert Sealy	1907
date of birth	Roy C. Booth (born August 26, 1965) is a United States speculative fiction, fantasy and horror author.	Roy C. Booth	1965
date of birth	Andrew Sant (born 1950) is an English born Australian poet.	Andrew Sant	1950
date of birth	Tasawar Hayat (born 1 January 1969) is a Pakistani mathematician who has made pioneering research in mechanical engineering, Newtonian mechanics and physics.	Tasawar Hayat	1 January 1969
date of birth	Tim Lokiec (pronounced ``lock-itch'') (born 1977) is an artist based in New York City, New York.	Tim Lokiec	1977
date of birth	Karl Richard Hanitsch (22 December 1860 -- 11 August 1940) was a German-born entomologist and museum curator who served as the director of the Raffles Museum in Singapore in the early 20th century.	Richard Hanitsch	22 December 1860
date of birth	Tim Nedow (born 16 October 1990) is a Canadian track and field athlete who competes in the shot put and discus throw.	Tim Nedow	16 October 1990
date of birth	Mopidevi Venkataramana Rao (born 1964, Nizampatam) is an Indian National Congress politician, who has been the Excise minister under Kiran Kumar Reddy and most recently represented the Repalle, Guntur constituency in the Andhra Pradesh Legislature.	Mopidevi Venkataramana	1964
date of birth	Vanessa Borgli (born 4 October 1972) is a Norwegian actress, known primarily for her role as ``Sue-Astrid Wallace'' in the soap opera Hotel Cæsar.	Vanessa Borgli	4 October 1972
date of birth	Kay Sekimachi (born 1926) is an American fiber artist.	Kay Sekimachi	1926
date of birth	Guy McElwaine (1936-2008) was a Hollywood agent, producer and studio head.	Guy McElwaine	1936
date of birth	Pat Liddy (Irish: Pádraig Ó Lideadha, born 1944 in Dublin) is an Irish artist, historian, writer, illustrator, broadcaster, mapmaker, and environmental lobbyist who has helped make Dublin a global tourist attraction.	Pat Liddy	1944
date of birth	Julius Meinl V (born 9 July 1959) is a British businessman, resident in Prague Czech Republic (since end of August 2013).	Julius Meinl V	9 July 1959
date of birth	Luigi Pezzuto (born 30 April 1946) is an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Luigi Pezzuto	30 April 1946
date of birth	Wojciech Skupień (born 9 March 1976) is a Polish former ski jumper who competed from 1993 to 2008.	Wojciech Skupień	9 March 1976
date of birth	Du Jiang (pinyin: Dù Jiāng, born on November 1964) is the incumbent Vice Chairman of China National Tourism Administration (CNTA).	Du Jiang	November 1964
date of birth	Nick Harkaway (born 1972) is a novelist and commentator.	Nick Harkaway	1972
date of birth	Pradip Bhattacharya (born 24 January 1945) is a member of parliament representing Indian National Congress in the Rajya Sabha from West Bengal.	Pradip Bhattacharya	1945
date of birth	Mariano Stendardo (born 2 May 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for the Lega Pro side Fidelis Andria.	Mariano Stendardo	2 May 1983
date of birth	Moussa Sanoh (born 20 July 1995) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a winger for RKC Waalwijk in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Moussa Sanoh	20 July 1995
date of birth	John Crome (Norwich 22 December 1768 -- 22 April 1821) was an English landscape artist of the Romantic era, one of the principal artists of the Norwich School art movement.	John Crome	22 December 1768
date of birth	Nae Caranfil (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈna.e karanˈfil); also Nicolae Caranfil) (born 1960, Bucharest) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter.	Nae Caranfil	1960
date of birth	Igli Tare (Albanian pronunciation: (ˈiɡli 'taɾɛ); born 25 July 1973) is an Albanian retired football who played as a striker.	Igli Tare	25 July 1973
date of birth	Dick Tuck (born January 25, 1924) is a former American political consultant, campaign strategist, advance man, and political prankster for the Democratic National Committee.	Dick Tuck	1924
date of birth	Karl Taro Greenfeld (born 1964 in Kobe, Japan) is a journalist and author known primarily for his articles on life in modern Asia and both his fiction and non-fiction in The Paris Review.	Karl Taro Greenfeld	1964
date of birth	George Swain (1919--2000) was a local legend from Boron, California.	George Swain	1919
date of birth	Henry Budd (circa 1812 -- April 2, 1875), the first Native American ordained an Anglican priest, spent his career ministering to First Nations people.	Henry Budd	1812
date of birth	Rigdzin Namkha Gyatso Rinpoche (born December 1967) is a Tibetan Buddhist teacher.	Rigdzin Namkha Gyatso Rinpoche	December 1967
date of birth	Sugondo Djojopuspito (22 February 1905 -- 1978) was the Indonesian Youth Congress leader in 1928 who declared The Youth Pledge (Sumpah Pemuda), i.e. known as:	Sugondo Djojopuspito	22 February 1905
date of birth	Marc Bolan (pron. BOE-lən; born Mark Feld; 30 September 1947 -- 16 September 1977) was an English singer-songwriter, musician, guitarist, and poet.	Marc Bolan	30 September 1947
date of birth	Harald Dahlstrøm (born 2 March 1961 in Bergen) is a Norwegian jazz musician (piano and Hammond B3 organ), known for participation on a series of records, from collaborations with musicians like Kenneth Sivertsen and Dance with a Stranger, and as band leader for his own lineups.	Harald Dahlstrøm	2 March 1961
date of birth	Rabbi Nachum Shifren (born c. 1951), also known as the surfing rabbi, is an Orthodox Lubavitcher Chassidic rabbi and accomplished surfer.	Nachum Shifren	1951
date of birth	Mehdi Khalis (born 6 January 1989) is a professional football player who currently plays for Moroccan side FUS de Rabat.	Mehdi Khalis	6 January 1989
date of birth	Ove Pihl (born 2 May 1938) is a Swedish art director, book publisher and graphic designer.	Ove Pihl	2 May 1938
date of birth	Norbert Düwel (born 5 January 1968) is a German football manager who last managed 1.	Norbert Düwel	5 January 1968
date of birth	Yoni Bloch (Hebrew: יוני בלוך‎; born August 11, 1981) is an Israeli musician, song writer, composer, rock singer and hi-tech entrepreneur.	Yoni Bloch	1981
date of birth	Tan Sri Dato' Seri Kong Cho Ha (simplified Chinese: 江作汉; traditional Chinese: 江作漢; pinyin: Jiāng Zuò Hàn; born 15 September 1950) is a Malaysian politician.	Kong Cho Ha	15 September 1950
date of birth	Anastasia Karpova (Russian: Анастасия Карпова; born 2 November 1984) is a Russian singer, best known as a member of girl group Serebro.	Anastasia Karpova	2 November 1984
date of birth	Juan Guillermo Aguirre (born 1951), better known as Memo Aguirre, is a famous Chilean singer whose voice has been heard all over Latin America, particularly during the opening acts of superhero cartoon shows during the 1980s.	Memo Aguirre	1951
date of birth	Ben Zonneveld ( Bernardus Joannes Maria Zonneveld) (b. 1940- ) is a Dutch plant scientist and botanist known for his work on the genetics of Tulips and Daffodils, and their infrageneric classification.	Ben Zonneveld	1940
date of birth	Charles John Bond, F.R.C.S., CMG (27 October 1856 -- 23 November 1939), was a medical doctor during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, who served at the Leicester Royal Infirmary and was a proponent of eugenics and euthanasia.	Charles John Bond	27 October 1856
date of birth	'Sergio Raimondi (1968, Bahía Blanca) is an Argentine poet.	Sergio Raimondi	1968
date of birth	Les Morgan (24 February 1933 -- ?), was a British welterweight boxer.	Les Morgan	24 February 1933
date of birth	Mirosław Nahacz was a Polish writer and screen writer, born on 9 September 1984 in Gorlice.	Mirosław Nahacz	9 September 1984
date of birth	Prakash Tandon (1911--2004) was one of India's most influential business leaders in the second half of the 20th century.	Prakash Tandon	1911
date of birth	Lawson Oyekan (born in London, England 1961), is a British Nigerian contemporary ceramic sculptor and the first recipient of the Grand Prix Award for the 1st World Ceramic Biennale 2001 in Korea.	Lawson Oyekan	1961
date of birth	Odd Bergh (born 28 June 1937) is a former Norwegian athlete who specialized in the triple jump and long jump.	Odd Bergh	28 June 1937
date of birth	Cornelis Mahu (1613 -- 16 November 1689) was a Flemish painter of still lifes, genre paintings and seascapes who showed a very high level of craftsmanship in his compositions.	Cornelis Mahu	1613
date of birth	Roger Knox (born in 1948) is an Australian country singer, known as the Black Elvis and the Koori King of Country.	Roger Knox	1948
date of birth	Čestmír Kožíšek (born 9 November 1991) is a Czech ski jumper from club LSK Lomnice nad Popelkou.	Čestmír Kožíšek	9 November 1991
date of birth	Pádraig Ó Siadhail was born in Derry, Northern Ireland, in 1957, and now lives in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Pádraig Ó Siadhail	1957
date of birth	Jacob Hen-Tov (born 1932, Tel Aviv, Israel) is an academician specializing in the history and politics of Russia and the Middle East and the legal system of the former Soviet Union.	Jacob Hen-Tov	1932
date of birth	Ethel Ayler (born 1934) is a veteran African-American character actress with a career spanning over five decades.	Ethel Ayler	1934
date of birth	Juan José Torres González (5 March 1920 -- 2 June 1976) was a Bolivian socialist politician and military leader.	Juan José Torres	5 March 1920
date of birth	Camilla Rutherford (born 20 September 1976) is an English actress and fashion model.	Camilla Rutherford	20 September 1976
date of birth	K. T. K. Thangamani, born in 1913, was a politician from Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	K. T. K. Thangamani	1913
date of birth	Marguerite Donlon (born 31 May 1966) is an Irish dancer, choreographer and ballet director.	Marguerite Donlon	31 May 1966
date of birth	Bruce Foxton (born 1 September 1955) is an English singer, musician, and composer.	Bruce Foxton	1 September 1955
date of birth	Maryvonne Huet (born 1 December 1936) is a former French figure skater who competed in ladies singles.	Maryvonne Huet	1 December 1936
date of birth	Falima Teao (born 1931) was the ulu, or head of government, of Tokelau from February 1997 to February 1998.	Falima Teao	1931
date of birth	Antonis Manikas (Greek: Αντώνης Μανίκας) (born 9 February 1959) is a Greek football manager and former player.	Antonis Manikas	9 February 1959
date of birth	Chin Kung, AM (淨空; pinyin: Jìngkōng) (b. 1927) is a Buddhist monk from the Mahayana tradition.	Chin Kung	1927
date of birth	Miodrag Vukotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Вукотић, born 8 November 1973) is a retired Montenegrin football player.	Miodrag Vukotić	8 November 1973
date of birth	Sir George Paish (7 November 1867 -- 1 May 1957) was a British liberal economist of international renown, author of ``The Defeat of Chaos'' (1941), as well as ``Railways in Great Britain'' (1904), and co-author of ``Road To Prosperity'' in 1927.	George Paish	7 November 1867
date of birth	Kavyen Temperley (born Finlay Beaton on 3 July 1978) is the lead singer, songwriter, bassist and occasional keyboard player of the Australian band Eskimo Joe.	Kavyen Temperley	3 July 1978
date of birth	William P. Leahy, SJ (born 1948) is the 25th President of Boston College, a post he has held since 1996.	William P. Leahy	1948
date of birth	Linda Thorson (born Linda Robinson on 18 June 1947) is a Canadian actress, best known for playing Tara King in The Avengers (1968--69).	Linda Thorson	18 June 1947
date of birth	Michel Bernholc (1941--2002) was a French composer, arranger and producer.	Michel Bernholc	1941
date of birth	Judith Tarr (born in Augusta, Maine, January 30, 1955) is an American Fantasy and Science Fiction author.	Judith Tarr	1955
date of birth	Joëlle van Noppen (20 January 1980 -- 12 May 2010) was a Dutch singer.	Joëlle van Noppen	20 January 1980
date of birth	Brigitte Lin (Chinese: 林青霞; pinyin: Lín Qīngxiá) or Brigitte Lin Ching-hsia (born 3 November 1954) is a Taiwanese actress.	Brigitte Lin	3 November 1954
date of birth	Grace Mott Johnson (1882--1967) was an American artist married to Andrew Michael Dasburg.	Grace Mott Johnson	1882
date of birth	Bernd Hölzenbein (born 9 March 1946) is a former German football player (winning the World Cup in 1974).	Bernd Hölzenbein	9 March 1946
date of birth	Elizabeth Parke Firestone (1897--1990) was the mother of Martha Firestone, who wed William Clay Ford, Sr., grandson of Henry Ford.	Elizabeth Parke Firestone	1897
date of birth	Michael Zemski (born 10 September 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Preston in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).	Michael Zemski	10 September 1953
date of birth	James F. Brooks (born 1955) is an American historian whose work on slavery, captivity and kinship in the Southwest Borderlands was honored with major national history awards: the Bancroft Prize, Francis Parkman Prize, the Frederick Jackson Turner Award and the Frederick Douglass Prize (second prize).	James F. Brooks	1955
date of birth	Dominique Pinto (born 1989), known by her stage name Dom La Nena, is a Brazilian-born cellist, singer and songwriter.	Dom La Nena	1989
date of birth	Christophe Didillon (born 1971 in Aurich, Germany) is an artist (acrylic paintings, collages, photos).	Christophe Didillon	1971
date of birth	Colin Fowles (6 August 1953 − 1 September 1985) was a Jamaican-American soccer player who died as a result of random gunfire while playing recreational soccer.	Colin Fowles	6 August 1953
date of birth	Kailash Satyarthi (born 'Kailash Sharma'; 11 January 1954) is an Indian children's rights and education advocate and an activist against child labour.	Kailash Satyarthi	11 January 1954
date of birth	Feiz Mohammad (born 1970) is an Australian Muslim preacher of Lebanese descent, noted for his Islamic fundamentalism.	Feiz Mohammad	1970
date of birth	Robert Vikestad (born 15 December 1983) was a Norwegian footballer who played on the wing for Bodø/Glimt.	Robert Vikestad	15 December 1983
date of birth	Gordon MacCreagh (1886 in Perth, Indiana -- 1953) was an American writer.	Gordon MacCreagh	1886
date of birth	Alexander Prent (born 25 May 1983) is a Dutch football player who plays as a winger for JVC Cuijk in the Dutch Topklasse.	Alexander Prent	25 May 1983
date of birth	Theodore Sunday Wrobeh (born 21 October 1981) is a Liberian football player who is currently free agent.	Theodore Sunday Wrobeh	21 October 1981
date of birth	Joseph C. Burke (born 1932) is an American educator who is most notable for having served as President of the State University of New York at Plattsburgh and Acting Chancellor of the State University of New York.	Joseph C. Burke	1932
date of birth	Jacob de Formentrou or Jacob de Fourmentrou (b. between 1620 and 1625 - d. after 1668) was a Flemish Baroque painter active in Antwerp who specialized in the genres of merry companies and gallery paintings.	Jacob de Formentrou	1620
date of birth	Petr Brdičko (born 7 May 1988) is a Czech songwriter who was born and raised in Prague.	Petr Brdičko	7 May 1988
date of birth	Modesto Varischetti (1873 - 1930) was a gold miner in Western Australia who was trapped in a gold mine for nine days after a thunderstorm flooded the mine in March 1907.	Modesto Varischetti	1873
date of birth	William C. Pfefferle (April 24, 1923 - December 28, 2010) was an American scientist and inventor.	William C. Pfefferle	1923
date of birth	Hendrik Niehoff (1495 -- c. 1561) was a Dutch pipe organ builder, who learned with noted builder, Jan van Covelen (c. 1470-1532).	Hendrik Niehoff	1495
date of birth	Enrica von Handel-Mazzetti (10 January 1871 -- 8 April 1955) was an Austrian poet and writer, known for writing historical romances, notably ``Die Hochzeit von Quedlinburg''.	Enrica von Handel-Mazzetti	10 January 1871
date of birth	Fernando Maciel Gonçalves (born 16 August 1980), commonly known as Fernandão, is a Spanish-Brazilian futsal player who plays for Dinamo as a Pivot.	Fernando Maciel Gonçalves	16 August 1980
date of birth	Zoran Simjanović (pronounced (zǒran simjǎːnoʋitɕ); born 11 May 1946) is a Serbian composer.	Zoran Simjanović	11 May 1946
date of birth	Keli Carender (born c. 1981) is an American blogger credited with being the first Tea Party protest activist when she was the principal organizer of a protest of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 on February 16, 2009.	Keli Carender	1981
date of birth	Li Xiaolin (Chinese: 李小琳; born 1961) is a Chinese businesswoman, current serving as vice-president of the China Datang Corporation, a state-owned power generation enterprise.	Li Xiaolin	1961
date of birth	Taibi Kahler (born 1943) is a psychologist, author, expert interviewer, and presidential communications advisor.	Taibi Kahler	1943
date of birth	Bob Ducsay (born c. 1962) is a film editor, screenwriter and producer who has worked on over 20 film and television productions.	Bob Ducsay	1962
date of birth	David Rams (born 1961 in Ontario, Canada) is a music, celebrity and beauty photographer.	David Rams	1961
date of birth	Peter Johan Schei (born 5 January 1945) is a Norwegian biologist and civil servant.	Peter Johan Schei	5 January 1945
date of birth	Chokey Nima (born 1969 or 1970) is a former Bhutanese international footballer and also was the head coach the Bhutan national football team.	Chokey Nima	1969	1970
date of birth	Hans Nobel (1657 -- 26 August 1732) was a Danish landowner and civil servant.	Hans Nobel	1657
date of birth	Ivan Vekić (Croatian pronunciation: (ǐʋan ʋěːkit͡ɕ), 18 October 1938 -- 17 December 2014) was a Croatian politician and lawyer.	Ivan Vekić	18 October 1938
date of birth	Claus Michael Møller (born 3 October 1968) is a Danish former professional cyclist.	Claus Michael Møller	3 October 1968
date of birth	Clemente de Lantaño Pino (ca. 1774 in Chillán -- ? in Chillán) was a royalist military officer during the Chilean War of Independence.	Clemente de Lantaño	1774
date of birth	Mohammed Christophe Bilek (born 1950) is an Algerian former Muslim who lives in France since 1961.	Mohammed Christophe Bilek	1950
date of birth	Dai Weimin (born May 1962) is a general in the People's Liberation Army of China.	Dai Weimin	May 1962
date of birth	Dawson McAllister (born 1946 in New Kensington, Pennsylvania) is an American speaker, radio host, and author.	Dawson McAllister	1946
date of birth	Trond Bergh (born 16 September 1946) is a Norwegian economic historian, and researcher at the Department of Innovation and Economic Organisation of the BI Norwegian Business School.	Trond Bergh	16 September 1946
date of birth	Rein Ahas (born 10 December 1966 in Tartu) is an Estonian geographer and a professor at the University of Tartu.	Rein Ahas	10 December 1966
date of birth	Jean-Marc Joguet (born 29 March 1965) from Beaufort, Savoie is a French ski mountaineer and long-distance runner.	Jean-Marc Joguet	29 March 1965
date of birth	Juliet Rylance (born Juliet van Kampen; 26 July 1979) is an English actress and producer, known for the film Days and Nights.	Juliet Rylance	26 July 1979
date of birth	Maycol Andriani (born 17 September 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays for the Serie D club Castellana.	Maycol Andriani	17 September 1987
date of birth	Alexandre Darracq (10 November 1855--1931) was a French automobile manufacturer.	Alexandre Darracq	10 November 1855
date of birth	Philip Bouquett or Bouquet (1669--1748) was a French linguist who became Regius Professor of Hebrew at the University of Cambridge.	Philip Bouquett	1669
date of birth	Prince Józef Klemens Czartoryski (1740--1810) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic) who owned Korets Castle.	Józef Klemens Czartoryski	1740
date of birth	Shaunaka Rishi Das (born 18 February 1961) is the Director of the Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies (OCHS), a position he has held since the Centre's foundation in 1997.	Shaunaka Rishi Das	18 February 1961
date of birth	Joël Mercier (born 5 January 1945) is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who serves in the Curia as Secretary of the Congregation for the Clergy.	Joël Mercier	5 January 1945
date of birth	Veronica Henry (born 1963) is a British writer of Romance novels, TV script writer and journalist.	Veronica Henry	1963
date of birth	Betty Neumar (November 1931 -- June 13, 2011) was an American woman charged with arranging the murder of her fourth husband, Harold Gentry, who died in 1986.	Betty Neumar	November 1931
date of birth	Steven Bosch (born 6 June 1978) is a South African artist (working primarily in the medium of photography) and creative director in Johannesburg.	Steven Bosch	6 June 1978
date of birth	Ricarda Lisk (born 1 February 1981 in Schorndorf, Baden-Württemberg), is a German professional triathlete, National Elite Champion of the year 2010, and a permanent member of the German Kader, i.e. the National Team.	Ricarda Lisk	1 February 1981
date of birth	Manon von Gerkan (born 1972 in Hamburg) is a German model and actress.	Manon von Gerkan	1972
date of birth	Dr Sampurnanand (1 January 1891 -- 10 January 1969) was a teacher and politician in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sampurnanand	1 January 1891
date of birth	Jacob Minah (born 3 April 1982) is a decathlete from Germany.	Jacob Minah	3 April 1982
date of birth	Kaevan Gazdar (born 1951) is a journalist, and lecturer writing about economic and socio-economic issues.	Kaevan Gazdar	1951
date of birth	Keith Dunne (born 10 February 1982) is an Irish footballer.	Keith Dunne	10 February 1982
date of birth	John H. Oberholtzer (10 January 1809 -- 15 February 1895) was a North American Mennonite leader who advocated for Mennonite cooperation for the purpose of higher education and mission work.	John H. Oberholtzer	10 January 1809
date of birth	Henrique Walter Pinotti (1929 -- June 21, 2010) was a Brazilian physician and gastric surgeon, and a full professor of surgery at the University of São Paulo's Medical School.	Henrique Walter Pinotti	1929
date of birth	David Tangata-Toa (born 15 July 1981 in Gold Coast, Queensland) is currently the assistant coach of the Penrith Panthers New South Wales Cup (rugby league)Competition squad.	David Tangata-Toa	15 July 1981
date of birth	John H. Thompson (born 1951) is an American statistician who has been serving as the 24th Director of the United States Census Bureau since 2013.	John H. Thompson	1951
date of birth	Rev. John Dyfnallt Owen (7 April 1873 -- 28 December 1956), was a Welsh poet, and served as Archdruid of the National Eisteddfod of Wales from 1954 until his death.	John Dyfnallt Owen	7 April 1873
date of birth	Sir William MacMahon, 1st Baronet (1776--1837) was an Irish judge and member of a Limerick family which became prominent largely through personal influence over the Prince Regent.	William MacMahon	1776
date of birth	Carl Breus (12 April 1852 -- 1914) was an Austrian obstetrician born in Vienna.	Carl Breus	12 April 1852
date of birth	Alí Rodríguez Araque (born in Ejido, Mérida, 9 September 1937) is a Venezuelan politician, lawyer, and diplomat.	Alí Rodríguez Araque	9 September 1937
date of birth	Hugo Salmela (13 June 1884 -- 28 March 1918) was one of the Red Guard military leaders in the 1918 Finnish Civil War.	Hugo Salmela	13 June 1884
date of birth	John Howard Sanden (born 1935 in Austin, Texas) is an American portrait artist.	John Howard Sanden	1935
date of birth	Bohumil Němeček (2 January 1938 -- 2 May 2010) was a Czechoslovak welterweight boxer.	Bohumil Němeček	2 January 1938
date of birth	Bill Warrington (1910 -- September 11, 1981) was a special effect's artist.	Bill Warrington	1910
date of birth	Sylvia Stanfield (born 1943) is an American former diplomat who served as the nation's first African-American woman ambassador to Brunei, from 1999 to 2002.	Sylvia Stanfield	1943
date of birth	Önder Turacı (Turkish pronunciation: (øndeɾ tuɾadʒɯ), born 14 July 1981) is a Turkish footballer who is currently a free agent.	Önder Turacı	14 July 1981
date of birth	Andrzej Sakson (b. 1950 in Elbląg) is a Polish sociologist and historian.	Andrzej Sakson	1950
date of birth	Annie Cooper (born 1983) is a British actress, singer and dancer.	Annie Cooper	1983
date of birth	Ričardas Bartkevičius (born 1959 in Vilnius) is a prominent Lithuanian painter and educator.	Ričardas Bartkevičius	1959
date of birth	Chen Bolin (traditional Chinese: 陳柏霖; simplified Chinese: 陈柏霖; pinyin: Chén Bólín; Cantonese Yale: Chan Pak Lam) was born 27 August 1983.	Chen Bolin	27 August 1983
date of birth	Hristo Karastoyanov (born on 22 February 1950 in Topolovgrad) is a contemporary Bulgarian novelist.	Hristo Karastoyanov	22 February 1950
date of birth	Simcha Zissel Halevi Levovitz (1908--2001) was a rabbi and founder of a yeshiva in Boro Park, Brooklyn.	Simcha Zissel Halevi Levovitz	1908
date of birth	Ioan Bengliu (born 1881 - died 1940) was a Romanian Lieutenant-General.	Ioan Bengliu	1881
date of birth	Thomas Hylkema (born 20 August 1988) is a Dutch racing driver, who drove for Tech 1 Racing in the GP3 Series in 2011.	Thomas Hylkema	20 August 1988
date of birth	Vincy Chan (born 16 October 1982) is a Hong Kong cantopop singer.	Vincy Chan	16 October 1982
date of birth	Federico Pisani (25 July 1974 --12 February 1997) was an Italian professional footballer who played for Atalanta and Monza.	Federico Pisani	25 July 1974
date of birth	Ahmed Bukhatir (Arabic: أحمد بوخاطر‎; born 16 October 1975) is an Emirati Nasheed singer.	Ahmed Bukhatir	16 October 1975
date of birth	Cornelia Hilda Kühn (born 11 December 1944) is an Afrikaans writer known under the pen-name Corlia Fourie.	Corlia Fourie	11 December 1944
date of birth	John L. Rotz (born. c. 1934 in Warrensburg, Illinois) is a retired American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey and an active World Champion in Western riding competitions.	John L. Rotz	1934
date of birth	Salvatore Puccio (born 31 August 1989) is an Italian racing cyclist who rides for UCI World Tour team Team Sky.	Salvatore Puccio	31 August 1989
date of birth	Jānis Eglītis (January 23, 1961 -- May 6, 2013) was a Latvian politician and a Deputy of the 9th Saeima.	Jānis Eglītis	1961
date of birth	Paul Haslinger (born 11 December 1962) is an Austrian-born composer and music producer based out of Los Angeles, California.	Paul Haslinger	11 December 1962
date of birth	Takuya Kita (北卓也, born 29 May 1972) is a retired Japanese basketball player.	Takuya Kita	29 May 1972
date of birth	Liu Zhengcheng (Simplified Chinese: 刘正成; Hanyu Pinyin: Liú Zhèngchéng) (1946 - ) is a contemporary Chinese calligrapher based in Beijing, China particularly noted for his use of the cursive script.	Liu Zhengcheng	1946
date of birth	Faruk Sokolović (born 18 September 1952) is a Bosnian film director, producer, actor and screenwriter.	Faruk Sokolović	18 September 1952
date of birth	Vanley Burke (born 1951) is a British Jamaican photographer and artist.	Vanley Burke	1951
date of birth	Hon. Dr. Christian Cardona was born in 1972 and graduated as Notary Public and Doctor of Laws from the University of Malta.	Christian Cardona	1972
date of birth	Mike Imlach (born 19 September 1962) is a footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Peterborough United and Tranmere Rovers.	Mike Imlach	19 September 1962
date of birth	Heather Mitchell (born 1958) is an Australian actress, appearing in Australian productions of Stage, television and film.	Heather Mitchell	1958
date of birth	Christopher Tietze (1908 - April 4, 1984) was a United States physician best known for his stance in the United States pro-choice movement to permit abortion in the United States.	Christopher Tietze	1908
date of birth	Fouad M'Roudjaé (born 24 June 1994) is a Comorian international footballer who plays for Marseille, as a left back.	Fouad M'Roudjaé	24 June 1994
date of birth	Shankar Pannu (18 November 1949) is a former Member of Parliament from Ganganagar constituency.	Shankar Pannu	18 November 1949
date of birth	Leelawathy Ramanathan (née R. L. Harrison in 1870) was the Australia-born wife of Ponnambalam Ramanathan.Lady Ramanathan was an Englishwoman who was born in Australia where her father was into gold mining.	Leelawathy Ramanathan	1870
date of birth	Gary Mex Glazner, (born 1957), is a poet and author.	Gary Mex Glazner	1957
date of birth	Flying Childers was a famous undefeated 18th century Thoroughbred racehorse, foaled in 1714 at Carr House, Warmsworth, Doncaster, and is often cited as the first truly great racehorse in the history of Thoroughbreds.	Flying Childers	1714
date of birth	Kanchan Wali-Richardson (born 1990) is an American interdisciplinary visual artist who currently lives and works in Nashville, Tennessee.	Kanchan Wali-Richardson	1990
date of birth	James Alexander Lyons (1861 - 1920) was an American accountancy author, and publisher, known for publishing a series of books on bookkeeping and accountancy in the early 20th century.	James Alexander Lyons	1861
date of birth	John Albert Raven FRS FRSE (born 25 June 1941) is a British botanical scientist, and emeritus professor at University of Dundee.	John Albert Raven	25 June 1941
date of birth	Aleksandar Subić (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Субић; born 27 September 1993) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Serbian club Partizan.	Aleksandar Subić	27 September 1993
date of birth	Marija Gluvakov - Medenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Марија Глуваков - Меденица) (born 3 April 1973), is a Serbian pianist and piano teacher.	Marija Gluvakov	3 April 1973
date of birth	José Filipe Torres (born 13 April 1976) is a Portuguese entrepreneur, spokesperson, country branding and nation branding expert.	José Filipe Torres	13 April 1976
date of birth	Valter Alessandro Salvioni best known as Sandro Salvioni (born 8 October 1953) is an Italian football manager, and a former player, last in charge as head coach of Lugano.	Sandro Salvioni	8 October 1953
date of birth	Laurence Jalbert (born Lise Jalbert 18 August 1959 in Rivière-au-Renard, Quebec) is a pop singer-songwriter from Quebec.	Laurence Jalbert	18 August 1959
date of birth	Walter S. Rogers (born 1871) was the primary illustrator used by the Stratemeyer Syndicate for most of its series from the 1910s-1930s.	Walter S. Rogers	1871
date of birth	Elise, Countess of Edla (born Elise Friedericke Hensler; 22 May 1836 -- 21 May 1929), was a Swiss-born American actress and singer and the morganatic second wife of the former King Ferdinand II of Portugal.	Elise, Countess of Edla	22 May 1836
date of birth	Oksana Okuneva (Ukrainian: Окунева Оксана; born 14 March 1990 in Mykolaiv) is an Ukrainian high jumper.	Oksana Okuneva	14 March 1990
date of birth	Søren Skou (born 20 August 1964) has been the CEO of Maersk Line since January 2012.	Søren Skou	20 August 1964
date of birth	Gideon Nieuwoudt (1951-2005) was a former apartheid-era security policeman involved in the torture and murder of several anti-apartheid activists, including Steve Biko.	Gideon Nieuwoudt	1951
date of birth	Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin (born 1947) is an American writer, activist, and black anarchist.	Lorenzo Kom'boa Ervin	1947
date of birth	James McGrahan (3 March 1898 -- after 1948), also known as Jimmy McGrahan or McGraham, was an English footballer who made 85 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City (in two spells) and Wigan Borough.	James McGrahan	3 March 1898
date of birth	Susan Mohl Powers (born 1944 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is a contemporary artist who sculpts in polygon and planar metal as well as sewn fabric, blending art and science to design sculptures and fabric-on-canvas paintings.	Susan Mohl Powers	1944
date of birth	Chih-Fu Cheng (鄭志富, born 1956) from Penghu, Taiwan, is currently the vice president of the National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU) and Distinguished professor at the Department of Physical Education and the Graduate Institute of Sport, Leisure, and Hospitality Management, NTNU.	Chih-Fu Cheng	1956
date of birth	Jan Raa (born 11 October 1939) is a Norwegian biologist.	Jan Raa	11 October 1939
date of birth	Bahia Boussad (born 31 January 1979) is a retired Algerian athlete who competed in racewalking events.	Bahia Boussad	31 January 1979
date of birth	M. Ann McCaig (née Schnell; June 1939) was the chancellor of the University of Calgary in Alberta from 1994 until 1998.	M. Ann McCaig	1939
date of birth	Aníbal González Ramírez (born 8 April 1995) is a Mexican-Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Primera División club Colo-Colo as striker.	Aníbal González Ramírez	8 April 1995
date of birth	Manoranjan Shill Gopal (Bengali: মনোরঞ্জন শীল গোপাল; born 1 January 1964), also known as Gopal, is a Bangladeshi politician who has served as Member of Parliament for Dinajpur-1 since 2005.	Manoranjan Shill Gopal	1964
date of birth	Raffaella Carrà (Italian: (raffaˈɛlla karˈra); born 18 June 1943 in Bologna), often simply known as la Carrà (the Carrà) and in some Latin American countries sometimes simply as Raffaella, is an Italian singer, dancer, television presenter, and actress.	Raffaella Carrà	18 June 1943
date of birth	Nanda Kishore Bal (22 December 1875 -- 1 July 1928), was an Indian poet of the era of initial modernity in Odia poetry.	Nanda Kishore Bal	22 December 1875
date of birth	Archibald Bower (17 January 1686 -- 3 September 1766) was a Scottish historian, now noted for his complicated and varying religious faith, and the accounts he gave of it, now considered by scholars to lack credibility.	Archibald Bower	17 January 1686
date of birth	Arthur Okowa Ifeanyi (born 8 July 1959) is the incumbent Governor of Delta State.	Arthur Okowa Ifeanyi	8 July 1959
date of birth	Drisana Levitzke-Gray (b 1993) is a deaf woman from Perth, Western Australia, who advocates for deaf people and culture.	Drisana Levitzke-Gray	1993
date of birth	Anna Hruby (born 19 October 1960) is an Australian actress who has appeared in many Australian television series and theatre productions.	Anna Hruby	19 October 1960
date of birth	Sir George Shenton (4 March 1842 -- 29 June 1909) was a prominent businessman in colonial Western Australia, the first Mayor of Perth, and a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council for over thirty years.	George Shenton	4 March 1842
date of birth	Séamus Roche (born 8 September 1969) is an Irish retired hurling referee.	Séamus Roche	1969
date of birth	Amy Kwolek (born Amy Kwoleková, 7 May 1986) is an English actress, who is best known for her role as Nadine in Girls in Love (2003--05) which has been an incredible success.	Amy Kwolek	7 May 1986
date of birth	Eldar Vågan (born 30 August 1960) is best known as the songwriter and guitarist in Vazelina Bilopphøggers.	Eldar Vågan	30 August 1960
date of birth	Zsolt Hamar (born 1968 Budapest) is a Hungarian conductor.	Zsolt Hamar	1968
date of birth	Gregory Wm. Gunn (born 1960 in Windsor, Ontario) is a Canadian poet of the New Formalist tradition.	Gregory Wm. Gunn	1960
date of birth	Chapman Mortimer was the pen name of William Charles (``W. C.'') Chapman Mortimer (born 15 May 1907 died 1988), a Scottish novelist.	Chapman Mortimer	15 May 1907
date of birth	Charles Congden Carpenter (June 2, 1921 -- January 10, 2016) was an eminent naturalist and herpetologist who has won numerous awards for excellence as an educator, researcher, and communicator.	Charles Congden Carpenter	1921
date of birth	Joanne Horniman (born 1951) is an Australian author who has won several awards for her books for children, teenagers and young adults.	Joanne Horniman	1951
date of birth	Steve Haskin (born 1947 in New York) is an award-winning American horse-racing journalist and author.	Steve Haskin	1947
date of birth	Harold Roper Robinson FRS (1889--1955) was a physicist and, in later life, an outstanding figure in university administration.	Harold Roper Robinson	1889
date of birth	Jeannine Savard (born 1950) is an American poet, born in the Adirondack Mountain Region of New York State.	Jeannine Savard	1950
date of birth	The Honourable Paul Tiensten, born 1966, is a former Papua New Guinean politician and former National Alliance Member of Parliament for Pomio Open.	Paul Tiensten	1966
date of birth	Zheng Xuan (127--200), courtesy name Kangcheng (康成), was an influential Chinese commentator and Confucian scholar near the end of the Han Dynasty.	Zheng Xuan	127
date of birth	Bruno Edgar Silva Almeida (born 18 March 1994), known as Bruno Ramires, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a Defensive Midfielder for Cruzeiro.	Bruno Ramires	18 March 1994
date of birth	Thomas Eagles (1746--1812), was an English classical scholar.	Thomas Eagles	1746
date of birth	Humphrey Burton, CBE (born 25 March 1931) is a British classical music television presenter, broadcaster, TV director, producer, impresario, lecturer and biographer of musicians.	Humphrey Burton	25 March 1931
date of birth	Li Daozong (李道宗) (603?-656?), courtesy name Chengfan (承範), was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Li Daozong	603
date of birth	Donie O'Sullivan (Irish: Dónal Ó Súilleabháin) (born 1940 in Killarney, County Kerry) is a former Irish sportsperson.	Donie O'Sullivan	1940
date of birth	Dr. Edward Kopówka (born 12 October 1963) is a Polish writer and professional historian, graduate of the Faculty of History at the Podlasie Academy in Siedlce, political and social activist known for his active participation in the democratic process beginning with the so-called Second circulation publishing of delegalized books under the Communist rule.	Edward Kopówka	12 October 1963
date of birth	William Henry Oliphant Smeaton (24 October 1856 -- 31 March 1914), sometimes using the pen name Oliphant Smeaton, was a Scottish writer, journalist, editor, historian and educator.	William Henry Oliphant Smeaton	24 October 1856
date of birth	Ioannis Velissariou (Greek: Ιωάννης Βελισσαρίου, 26 November 1861 -- 13 July 1913) was a Greek Army officer and hero of the Balkan Wars.	Ioannis Velissariou	26 November 1861
date of birth	Bård Jørgen Elden (born 17 June 1968) is a former Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed from 1987 to 1997.	Bård Jørgen Elden	17 June 1968
date of birth	Fredrik Fors (born 1973, Borlänge) is a Swedish, classical music clarinetist.	Fredrik Fors	1973
date of birth	Wen Shaoxian (Chinese: 溫紹賢), born 4 December 1934) also known as Wan Siu Yin is a literary writer, famous for his short stories about the lives of the new immigrants from the mainland in Hong Kong.	Wen Shaoxian	4 December 1934
date of birth	Josh Kumra (born 19 April 1991) is a British singer-songwriter, signed to Sony RCA.	Josh Kumra	19 April 1991
date of birth	Kangana Ranaut (pronounced (kəŋɡənaː raːɳoːʈʰ); born 23 March 1987) is an Indian film actress.	Kangana Ranaut	23 March 1987
date of birth	Carla Gravina (born 5 August 1941) is an Italian actress and politician.	Carla Gravina	5 August 1941
date of birth	Jules-Charles Le Bozec (1898--1973) was a French sculptor, whose work reflects a commitment to the local design traditions of his native province of Brittany.	Jules-Charles Le Bozec	1898
date of birth	Richard Veryard (born 1955) is a British computer scientist, author and business consultant, known for his work on service-oriented architecture and the service-based business.	Richard Veryard	1955
date of birth	Brian Joseph Davis (born 1975) is a Canadian writer and media artist.	Brian Joseph Davis	1975
date of birth	Justus Danckerts (11 November 1635 in Amsterdam -- 16 July 1701 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch engraver who worked his entire life at Amsterdam.	Justus Danckerts	11 November 1635
date of birth	Michael Bisping (born 28 February 1979) is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).	Michael Bisping	28 February 1979
date of birth	Daniel Sales (1958--2005), usually credited as Dan Sales, was an American film producer.	Dan Sales	1958
date of birth	Bob Loughman, born 8 March 1961, is a ni-Vanuatu politician.	Bob Loughman	1961
date of birth	Mihail Formuzal (in Gagauz: Mihail Formuzal, in Russian: Михаил Формузал; born 7 November 1959, in Beșghioz) is a Moldovan politician of Gagauz ethnicity, who was Governor (Başkan) of the Autonomous Territorial Unit of Gagauzia (Gagauz Yeri) from December 2006 to March 2015.	Mihail Formuzal	7 November 1959
date of birth	Richard Martino (born 1961) is a member of the New York Gambino crime family who was involved in Internet and phone scams that cost consumers $750 million.	Richard Martino	1961
date of birth	Andrew Diamond (born 1969, Stanford, California) is an American reggae artist and music producer.	Andrew Diamond	1969
date of birth	Bruno Giglio de Oliveira (born 20 August 1985 in São Vicente), commonly known as Oliveira, is a Brazilian central defender who plays for Treze Futebol Clube.	Bruno Giglio de Oliveira	20 August 1985
date of birth	Erik Parker (born 1968) is a New York-based artist.	Erik Parker	1968
date of birth	George Herbert Walker IV (born April 1969) is the chairman and CEO of Neuberger Berman, one of the largest private, independent, employee-controlled investment management firms.	George Herbert Walker IV	1969
date of birth	Euphemia of Greater Poland (Polish: Eufemia Odonicówna) (c. 1230 -- 15 February after 1281), was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast from the Greater Poland branch and by marriage was Duchess of Kalisz, Wieluń and Opole-Racibórz.	Euphemia of Greater Poland	1230
date of birth	Stephen Grant Serpell (born 4 February 1944) was a member of several bands during the 1960s and 1970s, including Affinity and Sailor.	Grant Serpell	4 February 1944
date of birth	Mark Furze (born 7 May 1986) is an Australian actor and singer who is best known for his role as Eric ``Ric'' Dalby on the popular Australian soap opera Home and Away.	Mark Furze	7 May 1986
date of birth	James Stephens Bulloch (1793 -- February 18, 1849) was an early Georgia settler and planter.	James Stephens Bulloch	1793
date of birth	Colin Eales (born 3 July 1944) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Colin Eales	3 July 1944
date of birth	C. K. Nandan (born 14 October 1963) is an Indian cricket umpire and former player.	C. K. Nandan	14 October 1963
date of birth	Judith Margaret Bailey (born 18 July 1941) is an English clarinetist, composer and conductor.	Judith Margaret Bailey	18 July 1941
date of birth	Mohd Zulkifli Affendi Mohd Zakri (born on 14 July 1982) is a Malaysian football player.	Mohd Zulkifli Affendi Mohd Zakri	14 July 1982
date of birth	Monsignor Raphaël Bayan (28 February 1914 -- 21 September 1999) was Armenian Catholic Bishop Emeritus of Iskandariya of the Armenians (Egypt).	Raphaël Bayan	28 February 1914
date of birth	Margaret Smith Polson (née Murray; Paisley 20 July 1865 -- 27 January 1927 Montreal), who after her marriage often signed herself Margaret Polson Murray, was a Canadian social reformer, magazine editor, and founder of the Imperial Order Daughters of the Empire.	Margaret Polson Murray	20 July 1865
date of birth	Jobe Murphy (born 16 October 1992 in Huddersfield, England) is an Irish rugby league footballer who plays for Dewsbury Rams.	Jobe Murphy	16 October 1992
date of birth	Andrew Norman (born 27 June 1980) is a former English professional snooker player from Bristol.	Andrew Norman	27 June 1980
date of birth	Sachith Shanaka Pathirana, or commonly Sachith Pathirana (born 21 March 1989), is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer, who plays One Day Internationals, First class, List A and Twenty20 matches.	Sachith Pathirana	21 March 1989
date of birth	Kristoffer Weckström (born 26 May 1983) is a Finnish footballer who has played for IFK Uppsala, a Swedish amateur club.	Kristoffer Weckström	26 May 1983
date of birth	Nika Kvekveskiri (Georgian: ნიკა კვეკვესკირი; born 29 May 1992) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Inter Baku.	Nika Kvekveskiri	29 May 1992
date of birth	Lauma Grīva (born 27 October 1984) is a Latvian athlete, competing in the long jump.	Lauma Grīva	27 October 1984
date of birth	Emma Rice (Born 1967) is an actor, director, and theatre professional who currently serves as the artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe in London, England.	Emma Rice	1967
date of birth	Péter Tereánszki-Tóth (born 12 December 1980) is a former Hungarian football player who played the majority of his career in Hungarian, and Austrian leagues .	Péter Tereánszki-Tóth	12 December 1980
date of birth	Lady Nina Bracewell-Smith (born 14 November 1955) is an Indian-born, businesswoman who has since March 2013 been based in Monaco.	Nina Bracewell-Smith	14 November 1955
date of birth	Lam Tai-fai, SBS, JP (Chinese: 林大輝, born 1959) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Functional constituency, Industrial (Second)).	Lam Tai-fai	1959
date of birth	Yoh Iwasa (born 1952) is a Japanese Mathematical Biologist who is considered the leading mathematical biologist in Japan.	Yoh Iwasa	1952
date of birth	Kadene Vassell (born 29 January 1989) is a Jamaican born Dutch athlete, who competes in the sprint with personal best times of 11.67 seconds at the 100 m and 23.49 seconds at the 200 m event.	Kadene Vassell	29 January 1989
date of birth	Louisa Watson Peat, born Louisa Watson Small, (1883--1953) was an Irish-born writer and lecturer.	Louisa Watson Peat	1883
date of birth	Beate Sturm (1951 - ?) was briefly a member of the Baader-Meinhof gang between 1970 and 1971.	Beate Sturm	1951
date of birth	Leslie Charlotte Benenson, R.E. (born 13 January 1941, London) is an English artist who works in a variety of different mediums including sculpture, oils, watercolours, ceramics and calligraphy.	Leslie Charlotte Benenson	13 January 1941
date of birth	Daisurami Bonne Rousseau (born 9 March 1988) is a Cuban track and field sprint athlete who specialises in the 400 metres.	Daisurami Bonne	9 March 1988
date of birth	Rahman Rezaei (Persian: رحمان رضايی ‎‎, born 20 February 1975 in Noor) is an Iranian retired football player and coach.	Rahman Rezaei	20 February 1975
date of birth	Yisrael Borochov (born in Tel Aviv in 1950), is an Israeli musician, composer, and arranger.	Yisrael Borochov	1950
date of birth	Sig Arno (27 December 1895 -- 17 August 1975) was a German-Jewish film actor who appeared in such films as Pardon My Sarong and The Mummy's Hand.	Sig Arno	27 December 1895
date of birth	Janko Kos (born 9 March 1931) is a Slovenian literary historian, theoretician, and critic.	Janko Kos	9 March 1931
date of birth	Stefan Schmidt (born 7 November 1975) is a Danish professional footballer who most is playing for Brønshøj Boldklub in the Danish 1st Division.	Stefan Schmidt	7 November 1975
date of birth	Solomon Wilbur Denton, Sr. (1816--1864) was an early member of the Latter Day Saint movement.	Solomon Wilbur Denton	1816
date of birth	Hayat Ahmed Mohammed (born 1982) is an Ethiopian model and beauty queen Her name in Arabic means ``life.''	Hayat Ahmed	1982
date of birth	Marie-Thérèse Colimon-Hall (née Colimon, 1918--1997), was a Haitian writer.	Marie-Thérèse Colimon-Hall	1918
date of birth	Rene Daalder (born René Daalder in 1944 on Texel, North Holland, sometimes credited as Renee Daalder) is a Dutch writer and director.	Rene Daalder	1944
date of birth	Vimala Devi is the pseudonym of Teresa da Piedade de Baptista Almeida (b. 1932), a Goan writer, poet and translator.	Vimala Devi	1932
date of birth	Dean Laidley (born 27 March 1967) is an Australian rules football assistant coach and former player, who played for the West Coast Eagles and North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 1987 to 1997, including in North Melbourne's 1996 premiership side.	Dean Laidley	27 March 1967
date of birth	Alessandro Venezia (born 17 August 1989) is an Italian professional footballer who can play in various positions in the midfield, both attacking and defensive.	Alessandro Venezia	17 August 1989
date of birth	Marc Zellweger (born 17 October 1973) is a Swiss former football defender and current coach.	Marc Zellweger	17 October 1973
date of birth	Genevieve Morris (born 1967) is an Australian actress best known for appearing on the popular comedy series Comedy Inc. She has also appeared in Blue Heelers and the detective series City Homicide as pathologist, Rhonda Lafferty.	Genevieve Morris	1967
date of birth	Johannes Kaleschke (born 1977) is a German classical tenor in opera and in concert.	Johannes Kaleschke	1977
date of birth	Blessed Simon of Cascia (or Simeone Fidati) (c. 1295--1348) was an ascetic and preacher from Cascia, Italy.	Simon of Cascia	1295
date of birth	Clarissa Munger Badger (1806--1889) was a mid 19th century American botanical illustrator best known for several volumes of flower paintings, some accompanied by poetry.	Clarissa Munger Badger	1806
date of birth	Chief Bernard Ominayak was born in 1950 at Lubicon Lake and is the Chief of the Lubicon Lake Indian Nation.	Bernard Ominayak	1950
date of birth	Adam Wishart (born 1969) is an award-winning documentary filmmaker.	Adam Wishart	1969
date of birth	Finlay MacRae (born 1986) is a shinty player from Kintail who plays for Kinlochshiel.	Finlay MacRae	1986
date of birth	Laurent Beauvais (born 24 June 1952) is a French politician and the incumbent President of the Regional Council of Basse-Normandie.	Laurent Beauvais	24 June 1952
date of birth	Patrick Hokonya (born 19 December 1972) is a Zimbabwean soccer administrator.	Patrick Hokonya	19 December 1972
date of birth	Hu Nai-yuan (Chinese: 胡乃元; pinyin: Hú Nǎiyuán; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Hô͘ Nái-gôan, born 1961 at Tainan, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese violinist.	Hu Nai-yuan	1961
date of birth	Fra' Juan de Homedes y Coscon (c. 1477 -- 1553) was a Spanish Hospitaller.	Juan de Homedes y Coscon	1477
date of birth	Sundaram Perumal Rajadurai (born 26 March 1967) is a Sri Lankan attorney-at-law, politician and former Member of Parliament.	Perumal Rajadurai	26 March 1967
date of birth	Bothwell Browne (born Walter Bothwell Bruhn; 1877-1947) was a Danish-American stage and film performer, best known as a female impersonator.	Bothwell Browne	1877
date of birth	Flavia Fortunato (born 16 March 1964) is an Italian singer, actress and television presenter.	Flavia Fortunato	16 March 1964
date of birth	Mohamed Badawi (born 1965 in Omdurman) is a Sudanese linguist and publisher, singer and composer, as well as founder of the ``Sudan Education Project''.	Mohamed Badawi	1965
date of birth	Tony Clarkin (born Anthony Michael Clarkin, 24 November 1946) is an English musician, best known as the guitarist of the rock band Magnum.	Tony Clarkin	24 November 1946
date of birth	Nick Wallace (born 1972 in Yeovil) is a novelist and short story writer based in Tunbridge Wells, best known for his work in Doctor Who spin-offs.	Nick Wallace	1972
date of birth	Rory Elrick (born 23 February 1995) is Scottish actor best known for starring as the title character Fletcher Moon in the BBC television series Half Moon Investigations based on the best-selling novel by Eoin Colfer.	Rory Elrick	23 February 1995
date of birth	Henri O'Kelly (full name: Joseph Pierre Henri O'Kelly) (23 June 1859 -- 15 March 1938) was a Franco-Irish composer, pianist, organist and choir director, based in Paris.	Henri O'Kelly	23 June 1859
date of birth	Roberto Cavalli (Italian pronunciation: (roˈbɛrto kaˈvalli)) (born 15 November 1940) is an Italian fashion designer.	Roberto Cavalli	15 November 1940
date of birth	Brian H. Rowe (1931 -- February 22, 2007) was a British-born American engineer, chief executive officer of General Electric Aviation, a member of the National Academy of Engineering, a fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society and a fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics.	Brian H. Rowe	1931
date of birth	John Youngs (about 1598 in Reydon, England - February 24, 1672 Southold, New York) was a Puritan minister who founded Southold, New York.	John Youngs	1598
date of birth	Mani Hussaini (Persian: مانی حسینی‎‎; born 25 October 1987) is a Norwegian politician who is the leader of the Workers' Youth League (AUF) since October 2014.	Mani Hussaini	25 October 1987
date of birth	Stefanos Kragiopoulos (Greek: Στέφανος Κραγιόπουλος; born 31 January 1990) is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis Ambelokipi in the Greek Football League 2 as a centre back.	Stefanos Kragiopoulos	31 January 1990
date of birth	Alec Coppen (born 29 January 1923 in London, England) is a British psychiatrist.	Alec Coppen	1923
date of birth	David Roos (born 29 May 1982 in Queenstown, RSA) is a Paralympian athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category F46 sprints, long and high jump events.	David Roos	29 May 1982
date of birth	Petter Myhre (born 21 February 1972) is a retired Norwegian footballer and current coach and commentator.	Petter Myhre	21 February 1972
date of birth	Luke Simpkin (born 5 May 1979 in Derby) is a British light heavyweight boxer based in Swadlincote, Derbyshire, England.	Luke Simpkin	5 May 1979
date of birth	Hadley Kay (born February 22, 1973) is a Canadian-born voice actor who appeared in the first two Care Bears movies: as the voice of magician Nicholas in The Care Bears Movie and as the villain Dark Heart in Care Bears Movie II:	Hadley Kay	1973
date of birth	Albert Jenkinson (birth registered January→March 1884 -- date of death unknown) birth registered in Hunslet, was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s.	Albert Jenkinson	1884
date of birth	Wataru Hashimoto (橋本 和, born 14 September 1986 in Takatsuki, Shiga) is a Japanese football player.	Wataru Hashimoto	14 September 1986
date of birth	John Elderfield (born 25 April 1943) was Chief Curator of Painting and Sculpture at the Museum of Modern Art, New York, from 2003 to 2008.	John Elderfield	25 April 1943
date of birth	Jim Torrey (born 1940) is a politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Jim Torrey	1940
date of birth	Giuseppe Sturani (1855 -- January 17, 1940) was an Italian conductor who was known for his work in the field of opera.	Giuseppe Sturani	1855
date of birth	Abdulaziz Fadhil (also Abdulaziz Fadel) (born 22 August 1979) He is a Kuwaiti football centre-back.	Abdulaziz Fadhil	22 August 1979
date of birth	Carsten Klee (born 15 September 1970) is a former German footballer.	Carsten Klee	15 September 1970
date of birth	Johannes Brotherus (born 1997 in Helsinki) is a Finnish actor and musician who is best known for starring in a 2013 Pirjo Honkasalo film Concrete Night.	Johannes Brotherus	1997
date of birth	Stojan Srdić (Cyrillic Стојан Срдић ; Glamoč 20 September 1950) is a Serbian playwright and novelist who lives in Belgrade.	Stojan Srdić	20 September 1950
date of birth	Glenn Tilton (born April 1948, in Washington, D.C.) was Midwest Chairman and a member of the Executive Committee, at JP Morgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), a position he has held from June 6, 2011 to 2014.	Glenn Tilton	1948
date of birth	Alois Lunzer (1840--??), was an Austrian-born watercolour painter, who emigrated to Philadelphia and specialised in doing botanical illustrations.	Alois Lunzer	1840
date of birth	Huping Ling (Chinese: 令狐萍; pinyin: Lìnghú Píng) (born 1956) is a Professor of History, the founder of the Asian Studies Program, and the past department chair at Truman State University.	Huping Ling	1956
date of birth	Richard Cavendish, 2nd Baron Waterpark FSA (13 July 1765 -- 1 June 1830), was an Anglo-Irish politician and peer.	Richard Cavendish, 2nd Baron Waterpark	13 July 1765
date of birth	Tong Shiping (Chinese: 童世平; pinyin: Tóng Shìpíng; born July 1947) is a retired admiral of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.	Tong Shiping	July 1947
date of birth	Cui Shaopeng (Chinese: 崔少鹏; born October 1961) is a Chinese politician and a discipline official of the Communist Party of China.	Cui Shaopeng	October 1961
date of birth	Liana Fiol Matta (born 1946) is a Puerto Rican jurist and the current and 16th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico.	Liana Fiol Matta	1946
date of birth	Borisav Jović (Serbian Cyrillic: Борисав Јовић, pronounced (jǒːʋit͡ɕ); born 19 October 1928) is a former Serbian communist politician, who served as the Serbian member of the collective presidency of Yugoslavia during the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Borisav Jović	19 October 1928
date of birth	Lindsay Doran (c. 1949) is an American film producer and studio executive who has worked on such films as This Is Spinal Tap, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, Sense and Sensibility, Stranger Than Fiction, and Nanny McPhee.	Lindsay Doran	1949
date of birth	Matthew Smailes (born 25 March 1899 in Lancaster, Lancashire) was an English footballer who played for West Ham United and Coventry City as a half-back.	Matthew Smailes	25 March 1899
date of birth	Marc Woolnough (born 20 May 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played six games for Geelong in 1998 and 2002.	Marc Woolnough	20 May 1980
date of birth	Frank Deayton (2 June 1921 -- 17 October 2004) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Deayton	2 June 1921
date of birth	Alexandr Zaboev (Russian: Александр Забоев, born 1 September 1989) is a Russian pair skater.	Alexandr Zaboev	1 September 1989
date of birth	Maggie Batson (born August 7, 2003 in Shawnee Mission, Kansas) is an actress, business owner, and philanthropist.	Maggie Batson	2003
date of birth	Tommy Cheung Yu-yan, GBS, JP (Chinese: 張宇人, born 30 September 1949 in Hong Kong) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo), representing the catering industry in functional constituencies seats.	Tommy Cheung	30 September 1949
date of birth	Robert Dessaix (born 17 February 1944) is an Australian novelist, essayist and journalist.	Robert Dessaix	17 February 1944
date of birth	Reem Al Numery (born 1996) is a children's rights activist in Yemen.	Reem Al Numery	1996
date of birth	Francesca Marsaglia (born 27 January 1990) is an Italian alpine skier.	Francesca Marsaglia	27 January 1990
date of birth	Derek Heasley (born 15 January 1972, Lisburn, Northern Ireland) is an Irish cricket player.	Derek Heasley	15 January 1972
date of birth	John Parris (born 1952), of Forest Hill, London, England, is one of the most renowned manufacturers of handmade snooker cues in the world.	John Parris	1952
date of birth	Philippe Capdenat (born 17 July 1934) is a French composer and academic teacher.	Philippe Capdenat	17 July 1934
date of birth	Liam Dick (born 19 August 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Stranraer, on loan from Falkirk.	Liam Dick	19 August 1995
date of birth	Hans Deuss (born Amsterdam, 1948) is a Dutch realist painter.	Hans Deuss	1948
date of birth	Robert Danhi (born July 19, 1970) is an American research chef and food writer specializing in Southeast Asian Cuisine.	Robert Danhi	1970
date of birth	Samuel Frederick Biery Jr. (born 1947) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas Born in McAllen, Texas, Biery received a B.A. from Texas Lutheran College in 1970 and a J.D. from Southern Methodist University School of Law in 1973.	Samuel Frederick Biery Jr.	1947
date of birth	Fili Seru (born 11 March 1970) is a Fijian rugby footballer player who represented Fiji in the 1991 Rugby Union World Cup and the 1995 Rugby League World Cup.	Fili Seru	11 March 1970
date of birth	Isabel Marshal (9 October 1200 -- 17 January 1240) was a medieval English countess.	Isabel Marshal	9 October 1200
date of birth	Zhang Jianya (Chinese: 张建亚) (born 1951) is a Chinese film director.	Zhang Jianya	1951
date of birth	Barry Maitland (born 1941 in Scotland) is an Australian author of crime fiction.	Barry Maitland	1941
date of birth	Joel Elkes (pronounced el'' kez) (12 November 1913, Königsberg -- 30 October 2015, Sarasota) was a leading medical researcher specialising in the chemistry of the brain.	Joel Elkes	12 November 1913
date of birth	John Joseph Brennan (1913--1976), usually known as John Brennan, was a Northern Irish politician.	John Joseph Brennan	1913
date of birth	Bart Smits (born 17 March 1972 in Oss) is a Dutch heavy metal singer.	Bart Smits	17 March 1972
date of birth	Friedhelm Gehrmann (born 12 June 1939 in Dortmund) is a German scientist in economics and social sciences.	Friedhelm Gehrmann	12 June 1939
date of birth	Khenpo Gangshar Wangpo (b. 1925-?) was a highly respected lama in Eastern Tibet and one of the primary teachers of Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche (the 11th Trungpa tulku) and the 9th Thrangu Rinpoche.	Gangshar Wangpo	1925
date of birth	Aleksei Lotman (also known as Alex Lotman and Aleks Lotman; born 6 May 1960 in Leningrad) is an Estonian biologist, environmentalist and politician.	Aleksei Lotman	6 May 1960
date of birth	Slobodan Šiljak (1881 in Pljevlja -- December 5, 1943 in Pljevlja) was a Montenegrin priest in the Serbian Orthodox Church who was sainted by the church in 2005.	Slobodan Šiljak	1881
date of birth	Ignas Gelžinis (born 28 February 1991) is a Lithuanian racing driver, currently racing in Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain championship.	Ignas Gelžinis	28 February 1991
date of birth	Jagath Balasuriya (born 21 November 1940) is the Minister of National Heritage in the Sri Lankan government.	Jagath Balasuriya	21 November 1940
date of birth	Nigel Pierre (born 6 February 1979 in Saint Joseph) is a football striker from Trinidad and Tobago, who manages Westside Superstarz.	Nigel Pierre	6 February 1979
date of birth	Thor Iversen (1873--1953) was a Norwegian advisor to the Board of Fisheries.	Thor Iversen	1873
date of birth	Tony Cowards (born 27 May 1973) is a British stand-up comedian and writer, currently living in the Cotswolds.	Tony Cowards	27 May 1973
date of birth	Denis Whitburn (born 13 September 1944) is an Australian film writer and producer.	Denis Whitburn	13 September 1944
date of birth	Thomas Harlackenden (1624--89), of Maidstone and Woodchurch, Kent, was an English politician.	Thomas Harlackenden	1624
date of birth	Alexander Vieweg (born 26 June 1986) is a German track and field athlete competing in the javelin throw.	Alexander Vieweg	26 June 1986
date of birth	Didaco Philetari (fl. 1645) was an Italian composer, presumably active in Germany, whose works are preserved in the Düben collection in Uppsala University Library.	Didaco Philetari	1645
date of birth	Dr. Eric Widmer (born 1940 in Beirut) is an American scholar and educator.	Eric Widmer	1940
date of birth	Domenico Luca Morelli (born 31 December 1987) is an Italian motorcycle racer who has competed in the 250cc World Championship, the Superbike World Championship and the Superstock 1000 FIM Cup.	Luca Morelli	31 December 1987
date of birth	Sally Tayler (born 1961) is an Australian actress known for several ongoing roles in Australian soap operas.	Sally Tayler	1961
date of birth	Lifen Zhang (born in 1962) is a British Chinese journalist, author and broadcaster.	Lifen Zhang	1962
date of birth	María Lucila Beltrán Ruiz (7 March 1932 -- 24 March 1996), more commonly known as Lola Beltrán, was a Mexican recording artist, actress, and television presenter.	Lola Beltrán	7 March 1932
date of birth	Roberto Amodio (born 20 October 1961) is a Director of football and a former Italian footballer.	Roberto Amodio	20 October 1961
date of birth	Arthur Bancroft (born 1907) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.	Arthur Bancroft	1907
date of birth	Veselin Vlahović also known as ``Batko'' or the ``Monster of Grbavica'' (born in 1969) is a Montenegrin Serb war criminal whose crimes include genocide, rape, illegal detention and torture committed against Bosniaks and Croats in the Grbavica neighbourhood of Sarajevo during the Bosnian War.	Veselin Vlahović	1969
date of birth	Johann Mechtel was a chronicler; b. 1562 in Pfalzel near Trier (Germany); d. after 1631, perhaps as late as 1653 in Trier.	Johann Mechtel	1562
date of birth	Giorgio Rassaval (born circa 1928) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for Torino XIII, as a Centre, i.e. number 3 or 4.	Giorgio Rassaval	1928
date of birth	Michael Raelert (born 29 August 1980) is a German triathlete who is the 2009 and 2010 Ironman 70.3 World Champion.	Michael Raelert	29 August 1980
date of birth	Milan Koprivarov (Bulgarian: Милан Коприваров; born 20 July 1983 in Ihtiman) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Austrian club ATSV Stadl-Paura.	Milan Koprivarov	20 July 1983
date of birth	Ulrika Bergquist, (born 2 December 1969) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter who works for TV4.	Ulrika Bergquist	2 December 1969
date of birth	Keigan Parker (born 8 June 1982) is a Scottish footballer who is currently a free agent after being released by Clyde.	Keigan Parker	8 June 1982
date of birth	Mustafa Çağrıcı (born 1950) is a Turkish professor for Islamic theology and a former mufti of Istanbul.	Mustafa Çağrıcı	1950
date of birth	Charles Atwood Kofoid (11 October 1865 -- 30 May 1947) was an American zoologist known for his collection and classification of many new species of marine protozoans which established marine biology on a systematic basis.	Charles Atwood Kofoid	11 October 1865
date of birth	Stan Veit (25 December 1919 - 29 July 2010) was an entrepreneur and publisher who played an important role in the early days of the personal computer industry in the United States.	Stan Veit	25 December 1919
date of birth	Moussa Ould Ebnou (born 1956) is one of Mauritania's greatest novelists.	Moussa Ould Ebnou	1956
date of birth	Giovanni Domenico Zucchinetti (1735- after 1801) was an Italian organist, brother to the composer Giovanni Bernardo Zucchinetti whom he succeeded in 1765 as organist at the cathedrals of Varese and Monza.	Giovanni Domenico Zucchinetti	1735
date of birth	Danielle Catanzariti (born 16 February 1992) is an Australian actress and stage actress.	Danielle Catanzariti	16 February 1992
date of birth	Mohammed Ayoob (born 1942) is a Distinguished Professor of International Relations at Michigan State University's James Madison College and the Department of Political Science.	Mohammed Ayoob	1942
date of birth	Travis Simms (born 1 May 1971) is a professional American boxer in the super welterweight (154 lb) division.	Travis Simms	1 May 1971
date of birth	Mary Ashley (1931 -- June 15, 1996) was an important early video artist and performance artist, painter, and a founding member of the influential ONCE Group, together with her then-husband, the composer Robert Ashley.	Mary Ashley	1931
date of birth	Michel Sidibé (born in 1952) is a citizen of Mali.	Michel Sidibé	1952
date of birth	Joseph Lyman Silsbee (1848--1913) was a significant American architect during the 19th and 20th centuries.	Joseph Lyman Silsbee	1848
date of birth	Jeroen Dubbeldam (born 15 April 1973 in Zwolle) is a Dutch show jumping champion.	Jeroen Dubbeldam	15 April 1973
date of birth	Ben Houge (/hoʊɡ/; born 1974) is an internationally active American composer and audio designer.	Ben Houge	1974
date of birth	Park Mi-hyun (Hangul: 박미현; born 26 January 1986) is a South Korean field hockey player.	Park Mi-hyun	26 January 1986
date of birth	J. Clinton Shepherd (1888-1975) was an American magazine illustrator, sculptor and muralist.	J. Clinton Shepherd	1888
date of birth	Ruth Minsky Senderowicz (born 3 May 1926) is a Holocaust survivor.	Ruth Minsky Sender	3 May 1926
date of birth	Anna Rose (born 14 April 1983) is an Australian author, activist and environmentalist.	Anna Rose	14 April 1983
date of birth	Maggie Helwig (born 1961) is a Canadian poet, novelist, social justice activist and Anglican priest.	Maggie Helwig	1961
date of birth	Suhani Pittie (born 14 April 1981) is an Indian jewellery designer based in Hyderabad, India.	Suhani Pittie	14 April 1981
date of birth	Martin Kolanda (born 14 December 1977 in Prague) is a Czech flatwater canoer who competed in canoe sprint and marathon on international level in years 1995-2007.	Martin Kolanda	14 December 1977
date of birth	Jason Kao Hwang (born 1957 in Waukegan, Illinois) is a Chinese American violinist and composer.	Jason Kao Hwang	1957
date of birth	Alexandre Blaszyck (born 8 January 1988) is a French épée fencer, team bronze medallist at the 2013 World Fencing Championships.	Alexandre Blaszyck	8 January 1988
date of birth	Leon Ray Livingston (1872--1944) was a famous hobo and author, travelling under the name ``A-No.1'' and often referred to as ``The Rambler.''	Leon Ray Livingston	1872
date of birth	John Basten (born 1947) is a judge of the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, the highest court in the State of New South Wales, Australia, which forms part of the Australian court hierarchy.	John Basten	1947
date of birth	Jonathan Berger (born, New York, 1954) is an American composer.	Jonathan Berger	1954
date of birth	Philippe Ambroise Durand (1799 -- 11 February 1880) was a French abbé and chess writer.	Philippe Ambroise Durand	1799
date of birth	Antonio Quatraro (1934 -- March 30, 1993) was an Italian European Commission official, who fell to his death from an EU office building on Rue de la Loi, Brussels.	Antonio Quatraro	1934
date of birth	Guðjón Baldvinsson (born 15 February 1986) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays professionally for Stjarnan.	Guðjón Baldvinsson	15 February 1986
date of birth	Hippolytus de Marsiliis (born 1451 Bologna; date of death unknown) was a lawyer and doctor utriusque iuris (Lat. 'doctor of either law' -- one who studied civil as well as canon law).	Hippolytus de Marsiliis	1451
date of birth	Charles-François Lebœuf, called Nanteuil (9 August 1792 -- 1 November 1865) was a French sculptor.	Charles-François Lebœuf	9 August 1792
date of birth	Etta Scollo (born 27 May 1958) is an Italian singer and songwriter.	Etta Scollo	27 May 1958
date of birth	Jung Seol-bin formerly Jung Hae-in (born 6 January 1990) is a South Korean football player for Incheon Red Angels and the South Korean national team.	Jung Seol-bin	6 January 1990
date of birth	Innocent Sagahutu (born 1962?) is a former Rwandan soldier, who is chiefly known for his alleged role in the Rwandan Genocide.	Innocent Sagahutu	1962
date of birth	José de Jesús Rodríguez Martínez (born 22 January 1981) is a Mexican professional golfer who currently plays on the Web.com Tour and the PGA Tour Canada, having previously played on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica and the Tour de las Américas.	José de Jesús Rodríguez	22 January 1981
date of birth	Frederick W. Marks III (born 1940) is an American historian and Catholic apologist.	Frederick W. Marks	1940
date of birth	Harold John Timperley (1898--1954) was an Australian journalist, known for his reporting in China in the 1930s and for authoring the book What War Means (1938) based on it.	Harold John Timperley	1898
date of birth	Mabel Elsworth Todd (1880 -- 1956) is known as the founder of what came to be known as 'Ideokinesis', a form of somatic education that became popular in the 1930s amongst dancers and health professionals.	Mabel Elsworth Todd	1880
date of birth	Margaret Frances Andrews (1894 -- November 2, 1945) was a Newport, Rhode Island socialite and prize-winning show dog breeder.	Margaret Frances Andrews	1894
date of birth	Lin Junq-tzer (Chinese: 林政則; pinyin: Lín Zhèngzé) (born 1944) is a Taiwanese politician.	Lin Junq-tzer	1944
date of birth	Ann Brody (29 August 1884 -- 16 July 1944), née Ann Goldstein, was an American film actress of the silent era.	Ann Brody	29 August 1884
date of birth	Hans Sommer (born c. 1914) is a German national who served as SS Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Sicherheitsdienst during World War II. After the war, he found a working relationship with Gehlen Org.	Hans Sommer	1914
date of birth	Nivaldo Batista Lima (born 3 September 1989), better known by his stage name Gusttavo Lima, is a Brazilian singer of sertaneja.	Gusttavo Lima	3 September 1989
date of birth	Mario Bonello (born 28 January 1974) is a retired Maltese athlete who specialised in the sprinting events.	Mario Bonello	28 January 1974
date of birth	Trix Worrell (born 1960) is a St Lucia-born writer, composer and director.	Trix Worrell	1960
date of birth	Arent Magnin (13 January 1825 -- 19 September 1888) was a Dutch politician, who made a career in the administration on the Dutch Gold Coast and who later served as mayor in several Dutch municipalities.	Arent Magnin	13 January 1825
date of birth	Adela Yarbro Collins (born 1945) is an American author and academic, who has served as the Buckingham Professor of New Testament Criticism and Interpretation at Yale Divinity School.	Adela Yarbro Collins	1945
date of birth	William H. Farrar (1826 -- November 21, 1873) was an American politician who served as mayor of Portland, Oregon, in 1862.	William H. Farrar	1826
date of birth	Bartholomew Broadbent (born 11 January 1962) is an expert in wine, especially on Port and Madeira.	Bartholomew Broadbent	11 January 1962
date of birth	George the Hagiorite, George of Athos, Giorgi Mtatsmindeli or Giorgi Atoneli (Georgian: გიორგი მთაწმინდელი, გიორგი ათონელი) (1009 -- June 27, 1065) was a Georgian monk, calligrapher, religious writer, and translator, who spearheaded the activities of Georgian monastic communities in the Byzantine Empire.	George the Hagiorite	1009
date of birth	Chad Liddell (born 21 January 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Chad Liddell	21 January 1977
date of birth	Reinhard Merkel (born 16 April 1950) is a professor in criminal law and philosophy of law and a retired West German swimmer.	Reinhard Merkel	16 April 1950
date of birth	Kelly Hunter (born 6 September 1963) is a British film, television, radio, stage and musical actress, a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company and the National Theatre and in 1993 a Laurence Olivier Award nominee.	Kelly Hunter	6 September 1963
date of birth	Leo Colovini is an Italian designer of German-style board games born in Venice 1964.	Leo Colovini	1964
date of birth	Carol Grimaldi (1938 -- April 10, 2014) was an American restaurateur and co-founder of Grimaldi's Pizzeria.	Carol Grimaldi	1938
date of birth	Dave Benett (born 1958) is a British society and celebrity photographer based in London.	Dave Benett	1958
date of birth	Sydney Bourne (c. 1857- 1930) was the first chairman of Crystal Palace F.C..	Sydney Bourne	1857
date of birth	Fatimah Busu (born January 1943) is an award-winning Malaysian novelist, short-story writer, and academic.	Fatimah Busu	January 1943
date of birth	Chris Whelpdale (born 27 January 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays for Stevenage.	Chris Whelpdale	27 January 1987
date of birth	Celestine Cruz Gonzaga-Soriano (born 20 January 1984), better known as Toni Gonzaga, is a Filipino singer, television host, actress and comedienne.	Toni Gonzaga	20 January 1984
date of birth	James Bewick (21 December 1906 -- 1979) was an English footballer who played in defence for Newcastle United, Port Vale, Walsall, Yeovil & Petters United, and South Shields.	James Bewick	21 December 1906
date of birth	Aili Jõgi (née Aili Jürgenson, born 25 May 1931) is an Estonian schoolgirl who on the night of 8 May 1946, together with her school friend Ageeda Paavel, blew up a Soviet War reburial monument (a wooden memorial topped with a star): the preceding monument to the Bronze Soldier in Tallinn.	Aili Jõgi	25 May 1931
date of birth	Reginald Aspinwall (born Preston, England, 3 January 1858, died Lancaster, England, 26 February 1921) was an English painter.	Reginald Aspinwall	3 January 1858
date of birth	Patrick Ross Broadfoot (born 8 March 1985) is an English rugby union player from Lewisham, London, England who currently plays for National League 2 South side Old Elthamians as a Fly-half.	Ross Broadfoot	8 March 1985
date of birth	Nordin Jbari (born 5 February 1975 in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode) is a Belgian football player from Moroccan descent.	Nordin Jbari	5 February 1975
date of birth	Malini Rajurkar (born 28 January 1941) is a noted Hindustani classical singer of Gwalior Gharana.	Malini Rajurkar	28 January 1941
date of birth	Jonty Hurwitz (born 2 September 1969 in Johannesburg) is an artist, engineer and entrepreneur.	Jonty Hurwitz	2 September 1969
date of birth	Hubert Creekmore (16 January 1907 -- 23 May 1966) was an American poet and author from the small Mississippi town Water Valley.	Hubert Creekmore	16 January 1907
date of birth	Ben Beams (born 17 August 1978) is an Australian rules football player who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 1999 and 2001 and the Tasmanian Devils Football club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 2002 until 2006.	Ben Beams	17 August 1978
date of birth	William Walcot (10 March 1874 -- 21 May 1943) was a British architect graphic artist and etcher, notable as a practitioner of refined Art Nouveau (Style Moderne) in Moscow, Russia (as Вильям Францевич Валькот).	William Walcot	10 March 1874
date of birth	Graeme Churchill (born 20 July 1987) is a former Scottish football striker who played for Falkirk and Stirling Albion.	Graeme Churchill	20 July 1987
date of birth	Lorenzo Civallero (born 8 August 1975) is an Italian race walker.	Lorenzo Civallero	8 August 1975
date of birth	János Kóka (born 5 July 1972) is a Hungarian businessman, private investor, IT entrepreneur and manager of various enterprises, who served as Minister of Economy and Transport between 2004 and 2007.	János Kóka	5 July 1972
date of birth	Tobias Lindemann (born 1966) is a German architect, designer and media entrepreneur.	Tobias Lindemann	1966
date of birth	Janet Fielding (born Janet Claire Mahoney, 9 September 1953) is an Australian actress, known for her role in the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who as companion Tegan Jovanka.	Janet Fielding	9 September 1953
date of birth	Luis Rodolfo Peñaherrera Bermeo (born 1936) is an Ecuadorian painter, portrait artist, and cartoon artist.	Luis Rodolfo Peñaherrera Bermeo	1936
date of birth	Oleksiy Tamrazov (Ukrainian: Олексій Тамразов, born 23 January 1975) is a Ukrainian rally driver.	Oleksiy Tamrazov	23 January 1975
date of birth	Masood Khadarpoosh (1916--1985) was a famous communist activist in Pakistan.	Masood Khadarpoosh	1916
date of birth	Pedro Manuel Torres (born 18 March 1982), known as Mantorras, is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a striker.	Mantorras	18 March 1982
date of birth	Phyllis Omido (born Phyllis Indiatsi Omido c. 1978), dubbed the ``East African Erin Brockovich'', is a Kenyan environmental activist.	Phyllis Omido	1978
date of birth	John S. Rumsfeld (born 16 June 1964) is Professor of Medicine at the University of Colorado School of Medicine and National Director of Cardiology for the U.S. Veterans Health Administration.	John S. Rumsfeld	16 June 1964
date of birth	Danny Bruder (born 31 August 1969 in Berlin) is a German musician/music producer, rapper/singer, author and composer.	Danny Bruder	31 August 1969
date of birth	Jason Della Rocca (born 1974) is the former executive director of the International Game Developers Association (IGDA):	Jason Della Rocca	1974
date of birth	John Claudius Beresford (23 October 1766 -- 20 July 1846) was a Tory UK Member of Parliament representing Dublin City 1801--1804 and County Waterford 1806--1811.	John Claudius Beresford	23 October 1766
date of birth	James Bogle (b 1959) is an Australian director and writer of films and TV.	James Bogle	1959
date of birth	Norman Carlyon (born 5 May 1938) is an Australian former cricketer.	Norman Carlyon	5 May 1938
date of birth	Timothy Toroitich (born 10 October 1991) is a Ugandan middle-distance and long-distance runner.	Timothy Toroitich	10 October 1991
date of birth	Daisy Richards Bisz (born Daisy Gammage in 1909 in Missouri - May 8, 2007 in Miami, Florida), was a prominent Florida attorney.	Daisy Richards Bisz	1909
date of birth	Chen Min'er (Chinese: 陈敏尔; born September 1960) is a Chinese politician, currently serving as the Communist Party Secretary of Guizhou province.	Chen Min'er	September 1960
date of birth	Jesse Clegg (born 1988) is a South African alternative rock artist whose debut album, When I Wake Up, and his 2011 follow up Life On Mars, have made the 25-year-old a platinum-selling success in his home country.	Jesse Clegg	1988
date of birth	Alexis Krasilovsky (born 1950) is an American filmmaker, writer and professor.	Alexis Krasilovsky	1950
date of birth	Rubén Castro Martín (born 27 June 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Betis mainly as a striker but also as a winger.	Rubén Castro	27 June 1981
date of birth	P. S. Keerthana (born 17 August 1992) is an Indian actress, best known for her lead role in the critically acclaimed film Kannathil Muthamittal (2002).	P. S. Keerthana	17 August 1992
date of birth	JJ Adams or Jason John Adams (born March 1978) is an English mixed media contemporary pop artist.	JJ Adams	March 1978
date of birth	Francis Banks (February 1865 -- after 1890) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath.	Francis Banks	February 1865
date of birth	Paul Briggs (born 13 August 1975) is an Australian boxer.	Paul Briggs	13 August 1975
date of birth	Harold Foote Gosnell (December 24, 1896 -- January 9, 1997) was an American political scientist and author, known for his research and writings on American politics, elections, and political parties in political science.	Harold Foote Gosnell	1896
date of birth	Matthew Archibald (1745 -- January 18, 1820) was an Irish-born farmer, tanner and political figure in Nova Scotia.	Matthew Archibald	1745
date of birth	Fan Tai (Chinese 范泰) (355--428) was the father of Fan Ye (范曄/范晔).	Fan Tai	355
date of birth	Katie Grand (born April 1971) is a British stylist and fashion journalist.	Katie Grand	April 1971
date of birth	Bruce Dooland (1 November 1923 -- 8 September 1980) was an Australian cricketer who played in three Tests for the Australian national cricket team during the late 1940s.	Bruce Dooland	1 November 1923
date of birth	Mick Weaver (born 16 June 1944, Bolton, Lancashire, England) is an English session musician, best known for his playing of the Hammond B3 organ, and as an exponent of the blues and funk.	Mick Weaver	16 June 1944
date of birth	Thomas Ahrens (born 27 May 1948) is a retired German coxswain who was most successful in the eights.	Thomas Ahrens	27 May 1948
date of birth	Brooke Singer (born 1972) is a New York City--based media artist, co-founder of the art, technology and activist group Preemptive Media, and a professor of New Media at Purchase College, State University of New York.	Brooke Singer	1972
date of birth	Kurt May (1896--1992) was director of the United Restitution Organization, which assisted victims of Nazism, from its inception in 1948 to his retirement at age 91, in 1988.	Kurt May	1896
date of birth	Roddy Hunter (born 13 December 1984) is a Scottish football striker currently playing for Kirkintilloch Rob Roy in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Roddy Hunter	13 December 1984
date of birth	Dewi Morgan (1877 -- 1 April 1971), also known by his bardic name ``Dewi Teifi'', was a Welsh bard, scholar and journalist, who won the Chair at the 1925 National Eisteddfod of Wales in Pwllheli with his important awdl recounting the legend of Cantre'r Gwaelod.	Dewi Morgan	1877
date of birth	Domergue Sumien (born 1968 in Compiègne, France) is an Occitan linguist and writer.	Domergue Sumien	1968
date of birth	Albert Anae (born 21 June 1989) is a rugby union footballer who plays professionally for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Albert Anae	21 June 1989
date of birth	Tato Taborda (born Curitiba, 1960), is a Brazilian composer, pianist and teacher.	Tato Taborda	1960
date of birth	David Grosso (born c. 1971) is an American politician who is an at-large member of the Council of the District of Columbia.	David Grosso	1971
date of birth	Eugene Byrne (born 25 February 1959) is an English freelance journalist and fiction writer.	Eugene Byrne	25 February 1959
date of birth	Hugh Hornby Birley (10 March 1778 -- 31 July 1845) was a leading Manchester Tory who is reputed to have led the fatal charge of the Manchester and Salford Yeomanry at the Peterloo Massacre on 16 August 1819.	Hugh Hornby Birley	10 March 1778
date of birth	Matthias Willenbacher (born 14 July 1969) is a German entrepreneur and pioneer in the field of renewable energy.	Matthias Willenbacher	14 July 1969
date of birth	Mohammad Abdul-Wali, (1940--1973) was a Yemeni diplomat and a prominent Yemeni writer of Ethiopian descent, and one of the earliest authors in Yemen to adopt writing for artistic purposes rather than for nationalist agendas.	Mohammad Abdul-Wali	1940
date of birth	Raoul Heinrich Francé (birth name: Rudolf Heinrich Franze) was born on 20 May 1874 in Altlerchenfeld (Vienna) and studied as a self-taught very early in analytical chemistry and ``Mikrotechnik'' (microscopy).	Raoul Heinrich Francé	20 May 1874
date of birth	Sir Alexander Maitland, 1st Baronet (21 March 1728 - 15 February 1820) was a general in the British Army and the first of the Maitland baronets of Clifton.	Sir Alexander Maitland, 1st Baronet	21 March 1728
date of birth	Angelo Fusco (born 2 September 1956) is a former volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) who escaped during his 1981 trial for killing a Special Air Service (SAS) officer in 1980.	Angelo Fusco	2 September 1956
date of birth	James Wan (born 27 February 1977) is a Malaysian-born Australian film producer, screenwriter and film director.	James Wan	27 February 1977
date of birth	Manmohan Waris (born 3 August 1967) is an Indian Punjabi folk/pop singer.	Manmohan Waris	3 August 1967
date of birth	Zhou Qunfei (Chinese: 周群飞; born 1970) is a Chinese entrepreneur who founded the touchscreen maker Lens Technology.	Zhou Qunfei	1970
date of birth	Born on 11 August 1824, William Carmichael Russell was educated at Bedford School.	William Carmichael Russell	11 August 1824
date of birth	Marieke Blaauw (born 1979, Hilversum) is a Dutch animator.	Marieke Blaauw	1979
date of birth	Khurram Murad (1932--1996) was a Pakistani Islamic scholar and writer.	Khurram Murad	1932
date of birth	Reidar Thomassen, pseudonym Richard Macker (born 18 June 1936) is a Norwegian writer.	Reidar Thomassen	18 June 1936
date of birth	Evans Hayward (born in 1922) is an American physicist.	Evans Hayward	1922
date of birth	Oliver Madox Hueffer (1877 -- 22 June 1931), was an author, playwright, and war correspondent.	Oliver Madox Hueffer	1877
date of birth	Serita Solomon (born 1 March 1990) is a British track and field athlete competing in the hurdles.	Serita Solomon	1 March 1990
date of birth	Rovshan Huseynov (born 17 December 1975 in Yeghegnadzor, Armenia) was an Azerbaijani amateur boxer.	Rovshan Huseynov	17 December 1975
date of birth	Cheong Kuoc Vá (traditional Chinese: 張國華; simplified Chinese: 张国华; pinyin: Zhāng Guóhuá; 1956-) was the first Secretary for Security in Macau Special Administrative Region from 1999-2014.	Cheong Kuoc Vá	1956
date of birth	Barbara Nessim (born 1939) is an American artist, illustrator, and educator.	Barbara Nessim	1939
date of birth	Milica Pejanović-Đurišić (Cyrillic: Милица Пејановић-Ђуришић) (born 27 April 1959 in Nikšić) is a Montenegrin professor and politician who is the Montenegrin Defence Minister since 13 March 2012.	Milica Pejanović-Đurišić	27 April 1959
date of birth	Ukpong Esther Sunday (born 13 March 1992) is a Nigerian footballer, who plays for Trabzon İdmanocağı in the Turkish Women's First Football League.	Esther Sunday	13 March 1992
date of birth	Edmund Bohun (1645--1699) was an English writer on history and politics, a publicist in the Tory interest.	Edmund Bohun	1645
date of birth	Jack Downs (born 10 November 1995) is an English professional rugby league player for Super League club Hull FC.	Jack Downs	10 November 1995
date of birth	Alexander Cavalié Mercer (28 March 1783 -- 9 November 1868) was a British artillery officer.	Cavalié Mercer	28 March 1783
date of birth	Kostas Themistocleous (Greek: Κώστας Θεμιστοκλέους born in 1949) is a Cypriot politician.	Kostas Themistocleous	1949
date of birth	Gretel Scarlett (born 9 November 1987) is an Australian actress and performer.	Gretel Scarlett	9 November 1987
date of birth	Martin Connolly (October 1924-November 2006) was the Mayor of Galway from 1987--1988.	Martin Connolly	October 1924
date of birth	Christian Fernández Salas (born 15 October 1985), known simply as Christian, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Huesca on loan from UD Las Palmas mainly as a left back.	Christian Fernández	15 October 1985
date of birth	Joshua Lodge (born 14 September 1981), is an Australian athlete who competes in the high jump.	Joshua Lodge	14 September 1981
date of birth	Graham Shiel (born 13 August 1970) is the skills coach of the Scotland rugby 7's team.	Graham Shiel	13 August 1970
date of birth	Carlo Moresco (20 May 1905 - 3 May 1990) was an American conductor, composer, violinist, and stage director of Italian birth.	Carlo Moresco	1905
date of birth	Kazimierz Cichowski (Russian: Kazimir Tsikhovsky, Казимир Генрихович Циховский) (7 December 1887, Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski - 29 October 1937) was a Polish-Soviet communist activist and politician.	Kazimierz Cichowski	1887
date of birth	John E. Blakeley (1 October 1888 -- 20 February 1958) was a British film producer, director and screenwriter, the founder of Mancunian Films.	John E. Blakeley	1 October 1888
date of birth	Harry Tietlebaum or Teitelbaum (b. 1889) was an American organized crime figure in New York's underworld during Prohibition as he was associated of the Bug and Meyer Mob.	Harry Tietlebaum	1889
date of birth	Yvonne Hutton (née Mullins; born 1941, died December 1992), was a British comics artist best known for her work on football series Roy of the Rovers.	Yvonne Hutton	1941
date of birth	Richard Emmanuel Njoh Edimo (born 17 January 1995) is a Cameroonian football player who played for Doxa Katokopias F.C..	Richard Emmanuel Njoh	17 January 1995
date of birth	Michael Bani (born 3 July 1984 in Thursday Island, Queensland) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league player.	Michael Bani	3 July 1984
date of birth	Luc Kwanten (born 1943) is a Belgian sinologist, Tangutologist and literary agent.	Luc Kwanten	1943
date of birth	Luis Argudín (1955) is a painter and professor of art known for his classical and academic work in an age where this is no longer common.	Luis Argudín	1955
date of birth	Wang Shaojun (Chinese: 王少军; born 1955) is a major general of the People's Liberation Army serving since 2015 as the director of the Central Security Bureau of the Communist Party of China.	Wang Shaojun	1955
date of birth	Nick Ramsay (born 10 June 1975) is a British Conservative politician who has been a Member of the Welsh Assembly since 2007.	Nick Ramsay	10 June 1975
date of birth	Alessandro Siani (born Alessandro Esposito on 17 September 1975) is an Italian actor, director, screenwriter and stand-up comedian.	Alessandro Siani	17 September 1975
date of birth	Paco Cepero (born 6 March 1942) is a Spanish Flamenco guitarist.	Paco Cepero	6 March 1942
date of birth	Jim Connock (5 June 1925--29 June 1991) was an English film editor.	Jim Connock	5 June 1925
date of birth	Geny Rebello (born 1927) is a grandmaster of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu holding a 9th degree red belt.	Geny Rebello	1927
date of birth	Jim Whitley (born 14 April 1975) is a Zambian-born Northern Irish former professional footballer.	Jim Whitley	14 April 1975
date of birth	James Hargraves or Hargrave (1690--1741) was an English Anglican divine who became the Dean of Chichester Cathedral in 1739.	James Hargraves	1690
date of birth	Johannes Andreas Schmitz (1621, Soest -- October 2, 1652, Harderwijk) was a Dutch physician and the third rector of the University of Harderwijk.	Johannes Andreas Schmitz	1621
date of birth	Abdessadek Rabiaa or Rabii (Arabic: عبد الصادق ربيع‎ -- born 5 February 1945, Marrakech) was a Moroccan politician and civil servant.	Abdessadek Rabiaa	5 February 1945
date of birth	Liao Lisheng (Chinese: 廖力生; pinyin: Liào Lìshēng; born 29 April 1993) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Liao Lisheng	29 April 1993
date of birth	Horace Cheung Kwok-kwan, JP (Chinese: 張國鈞, born 1974) is a Hong Kong solicitor and politician and the current vice-chairman of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB), the largest pro-Beijing party in Hong Kong.	Horace Cheung	1974
date of birth	Albert Hallam (Albert William Hallam; 12 November 1869 in East Leake, Nottinghamshire, England -- 24 July 1940 in Loughborough, England) was an off spin bowler who is primarily remembered, along with Thomas Wass, for giving Nottinghamshire an astonishing win in the County Championship of 1907.	Albert Hallam	12 November 1869
date of birth	Frank Hodgetts (born 30 September 1924) is an English footballer who played as a winger in the Football League.	Frank Hodgetts	30 September 1924
date of birth	Born on 2 October 1914 in Battersea, London, United Kingdom, Bernarr Rainbow was the son of Ephraim James Rainbow (1888-1983), a cabinet-maker at Buckingham Palace, who later became the Curator of pictures at Hampton Court.	Bernarr Rainbow	2 October 1914
date of birth	Chandra Mayor (born in 1973), is a Canadian poet and novelist whose writings, among other topics, dive into worlds of urban and alternative cultures.	Chandra Mayor	1973
date of birth	Stelios Marangos (Greek: Στέλιος Μαραγκός; born 4 May 1989) is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria.	Stelios Marangos	4 May 1989
date of birth	Li E (Chinese: 厲鶚; 1692--1752), courtesy name Taihong (太鴻), hao Fanxie (樊榭), was a Qing Dynasty Chinese poet, essayist, and scholar.	Li E	1692
date of birth	David Shilling (born 27 June 1956) is an English milliner, sculpturer, fashion and interior designer synonymous with designing extravagant hats and clothing displayed on Ladies' Day at Royal Ascot.	David Shilling	27 June 1956
date of birth	Christina Bassadone (born 27 December 1981) is a British sailor who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Christina Bassadone	27 December 1981
date of birth	Dániel Németh (born 1975) is a Hungarian photographer who won in the Travel/Culture category of the National Geographic International Photography Contest 2006.	Dániel Németh	1975
date of birth	Elisa Kreisinger (born 1986), known interchangeably as Pop Culture Pirate, is a Brooklyn-based video artist and educator.	Elisa Kreisinger	1986
date of birth	Harini Ravi (born 20 December 1994) is a Chennai based Singer and Dubbing Artiste.	Harini Ravi	20 December 1994
date of birth	Adrien Théaux (born 18 September 1984) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and non-commissioned officer.	Adrien Théaux	18 September 1984
date of birth	Wolfgang Dahmen (born 19 October 1949) is a German mathematician working in approximation theory, numerical analysis, and partial differential equations.	Wolfgang Dahmen	19 October 1949
date of birth	Nina Childress (born Christine Childress; 1961) is a French - American visual artist based in Paris.	Nina Childress	1961
date of birth	Bill Hagerty (born 23 April 1939) is a British former newspaper editor, now chairman of ``British Journalism Review''.	Bill Hagerty	23 April 1939
date of birth	Paul John Ellis (25 May 1941 -- 20 February 2005) was a professor of physics at University of Minnesota for over 30 years.	Paul John Ellis	25 May 1941
date of birth	William Murray Stone, D.D. (June 1, 1779--February 26, 1838) was an American Episcopal clergyman from Maryland.	William Murray Stone	1779
date of birth	Ron Roker (born Ronald Ernest Alfred Roker, 23 January 1941) is an English songwriter and singer.	Ron Roker	23 January 1941
date of birth	Gustavo Alatriste (1922 -- 2006) was a Mexican actor, director, and producer of films.	Gustavo Alatriste	1922
date of birth	Princess Elizabeth of Clarence (Elizabeth Georgiana Adelaide; 10 December 1820 -- 4 March 1821) was an infant member of the British royal family.	Princess Elizabeth of Clarence	10 December 1820
date of birth	Gloria Origgi (born 1967) is an Italian philosopher at the CNRS in Paris (Institut Jean Nicod) who works on the theory of mind, epistemology and cognitive sciences applied to new technology.	Gloria Origgi	1967
date of birth	Lukáš Csölley (born 18 June 1990) is a Slovak ice dancer.	Lukáš Csölley	18 June 1990
date of birth	F. Herbert Fallas (birth registered October--December 1861 -- death unknown) birth registered in Wakefield district, was an English rugby union footballer of the 1880s, playing at representative level for England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a Three-quarters, i.e. Wing or Centre.	Herbert Fallas	1861
date of birth	Danny Fitzgerald (1961--2010) was an Irish sportsperson.	Danny Fitzgerald	1961
date of birth	Prim Pujals Nolasco (born 26 July 1943) is a lawyer, judge, and politician from the Dominican Republic.	Prim Pujals	26 July 1943
date of birth	Jared Maurice Arter (January 27, 1850 -- 1930) was born into slavery, in Jefferson County, West Virginia.	Jared Maurice Arter	1850
date of birth	Arthur Hobgen (3 September 1849 -- 26 March 1886) was an English cricketer.	Arthur Hobgen	3 September 1849
date of birth	Peter Oskarson (born 1951) is a Swedish theatre director and actor from Stockholm.	Peter Oskarson	1951
date of birth	Keivan Zarineh (Persian: کیوان زرينه‎‎, born 26 May 1985) is an Italian-Iranian former footballer.	Keivan Zarineh	26 May 1985
date of birth	Jan Voigt (24 June 1928 -- 5 December 1997) was a Norwegian actor, dancer and museum director.	Jan Voigt	24 June 1928
date of birth	Susann McDonald (born 26 May 1935) is an American-born classical harpist.	Susann McDonald	26 May 1935
date of birth	Sara Stockbridge (born Sarah Jane Stockbridge; 14 November 1965) is an English model, actress and author.	Sara Stockbridge	14 November 1965
date of birth	Ron Vivian (1914--1973) was an Australian cartoonist who is perhaps best known as having drawn Ginger Meggs after the original creator, Jimmy Bancks died in 1952.	Ron Vivian	1914
date of birth	Pavle Vujević (Serbian Cyrillic: Павле Вујевић, 10 August 1881 -- 17 November 1966) was a Serbian geographer and meteorologist, professor of climatology, meteorology, and mathematical geography at the University of Belgrade.	Pavle Vujević	1881
date of birth	George Costakis (Russian: Георгий Дионисович Костаки, Greek: Γεώργιος Κωστάκης, 5 July 1913 - 1990) was a collector of Russian art whose collection became the most representative body of Modern Russian avant-garde art anywhere.	George Costakis	5 July 1913
date of birth	Maria Tatar (born 1945) is an American academic whose expertise lies in children's literature, German literature, and folklore.	Maria Tatar	1945
date of birth	Elias Karam (Arabic: الياس كرم‎) (born 1960) is a Syrian singer from Assyrian/Syriac ethnic origins, born in the city of Al-Hasakah in the Northeastern governorate of Al-Hasakah.	Elias Karam	1960
date of birth	Albert Potter Wills (1873--1937) was an American physicist who researched magnetic materials and was the PhD advisor of the Nobel Prize winner Isidor Isaac Rabi.	Albert Potter Wills	1873
date of birth	Manoj Kumar (born Harikrishna Giri Goswami on 24 July 1937) is an award-winning Indian actor and director in Bollywood.	Manoj Kumar	24 July 1937
date of birth	Nelson Bocaranda Sardi (18 April, 1945, Boconó, Trjuillo), is a Venezuelan television commentator and investigative journalist.	Nelson Bocaranda	1945
date of birth	Bilall Dreshaj (1910 - 1987), better known as Biko, was an Albanian military leader in Kosovo and Novi Pazar.	Bilall Dreshaj	1910
date of birth	Troy Selvey (born 1 July 1980, Denver, Colorado) is an American active basketball player who played until December 2007 for Bc Mures, in the Romanian Basketball Division A. He plays center or power forward positions and his height is 2,03 m (weight: 116 kg).	Troy Selvey	1 July 1980
date of birth	Zhao Na (Chinese: 赵娜; pinyin: Zhao Na, born 29 April 1984) is a former road cyclist from China.	Zhao Na	29 April 1984
date of birth	Brett Murray (I) (born in 1961) is a white South African artist mostly known for his steel and mixed media wall sculptures.	Brett Murray	1961
date of birth	January Low Wye San (born 23 August 1985) is a Malaysian Indian Classical dancer of Chinese Indian descent.	January Low Wye San	23 August 1985
date of birth	Cal Pritner (1935 - December 1, 2014), was an educator, writer, administrator, and actor.	Cal Pritner	1935
date of birth	Aris Marangopoulos (b. Athens, 1948) is a Greek author, literary critic and translator.	Aris Marangopoulos	1948
date of birth	Edmund Hewavitarne (1873--1915) was a Ceylonese (Sri Lankan) businessman and reservist.	Edmund Hewavitarne	1873
date of birth	Eliezer Sandberg (Hebrew: אליעזר זנדברג‎, born 21 February 1962) is a former Israeli politician who served as a government minister between 2003 and 2004.	Eliezer Sandberg	21 February 1962
date of birth	Elisabeth von Trapp (born 1955) is a folk singer.	Elisabeth von Trapp	1955
date of birth	Rafael Vardi (Also spelled Raphael Vardi; Hebrew: רפאל ורדי‎; Born 1922) was Israel Defense Forces Major General and former head of the Manpower Directorate.	Rafael Vardi	1922
date of birth	Joost Wichman (born 19 May 1978, Lichtenvoorde) is a Dutch professional mountainbiker, whose main discipline is four-cross (4X).	Joost Wichman	19 May 1978
date of birth	Lieutenant Alan Rice-Oxley (1898 -- 21 July 1961) was a British pilot during World War I. He became a flying ace in 1918, credited with six aerial victories.	Alan Rice-Oxley	1898
date of birth	Samuel Curtis (born in Walworth, Surrey on 29 August 1779-died at La Chaire, Rozel Bay, Jersey, on 6 January 1860) was an English botanist and publisher who specialised in Spermatophytes.	Samuel Curtis	29 August 1779
date of birth	Hollie-Jay Bowes (born Billie Jean Bowes, 17 January 1989) is an English recording artist and actress best known for her role as Michaela McQueen in Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks.	Hollie-Jay Bowes	17 January 1989
date of birth	Henry Renouf (1820 -- March 18, 1880) was an educator, judge and political figure in Newfoundland.	Henry Renouf	1820
date of birth	Ragnwi Marcelind (born 1953) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician.	Ragnwi Marcelind	1953
date of birth	Shaun Bailey (born 1971 in North Kensington, London) is a British Afro-Caribbean youth worker and Conservative politician.	Shaun Bailey	1971
date of birth	Ferdinand Kowarz (23 February 1838, Planá -- 22 September 1914, Marianske Lazne), was a Bohemian-Austrian entomologist who described many new species of Diptera mainly from central Europe Kowarz was a post office official.	Ferdinand Kowarz	1838
date of birth	Susan Brownmiller (born 15 February 1935) is an American feminist journalist, author, and activist best known for her 1975 book Against Our Will:	Susan Brownmiller	15 February 1935
date of birth	Tun Dr. Lim Keng Yaik (Chinese: 林敬益; pinyin: Lín Jìng Yì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lîm Kèng-iah; 8 April 1939 -- 22 December 2012) was a former Malaysian politician and former Minister of Energy, Water and Communications in the Malaysian cabinet.	Lim Keng Yaik	8 April 1939
date of birth	Driss Maazouzi (Arabic: ادريس معزوزي‎; born 15 October 1969 in Meknès) is a French 1500 metres runner who won a bronze medal at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton.	Driss Maazouzi	15 October 1969
date of birth	Kawai Wong (born Wong Ka Wai (黃家惠) ; 4 February 1986) is a magazine editor, writer and fashion stylist.	Kawai Wong	4 February 1986
date of birth	Hüseyin Atıcı (born 3 May 1986) is a Turkish track and field athlete competing in shot put.	Hüseyin Atıcı	3 May 1986
date of birth	Giancarlo Monsalve Leyton (born 4 March 1982) is a Chilean Spinto Tenor.	Giancarlo Monsalve	4 March 1982
date of birth	Dean Hughes (1943) is an author of historical novels and children's books.	Dean Hughes	1943
date of birth	Divakar Sharma (1933--2009) born in Churu, India was a scholar of Sanskrit, Hindi and Rajasthani languages.	Divakar Sharma	1933
date of birth	Ian 'Walter' Fairbairn (born 28 August 1953) is an English folk musician, who was raised in the North East of England.	Ian 'Walter' Fairbairn	28 August 1953
date of birth	Catherine Stourton, Baroness Stourton (previously Catherine Petre, Baroness Petre, née Walmesley; 6 January 1697 -- 31 January 1785), was a rich Lancastrian heiress.	Catherine Petre, Baroness Petre	6 January 1697
date of birth	Francois Russo (born 1966) is the creative director and founder of Maison Takuya, a company which he founded in 2008, and which designs luxury leather goods.	Francois Russo	1966
date of birth	Sarah Blasko (born Sarah Elizabeth Blaskow, 23 September 1976) is an Australian singer-songwriter, musician and producer.	Sarah Blasko	23 September 1976
date of birth	Amer Deeb Mohammad Khalil (born 4 February 1980) is a Jordanian football player, of Palestinian origin, who plays for Al-Wahdat SC.	Amer Deeb	4 February 1980
date of birth	Zhao Zhiyong (born April 1955) is a former Chinese politician, banker, and regional official.	Zhao Zhiyong	April 1955
date of birth	Darren Denneman (born 23 March 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Darren Denneman	23 March 1968
date of birth	Bonaventure Baron, O.F.M. (christened Bartholomew Baron; 1610 -- 18 March 1696) was a distinguished Irish Franciscan friar and a noted theologian, philosopher, teacher and writer of Latin prose and verse.	Bonaventure Baron	1610
date of birth	Erminio Sertorelli (1901--1979), was an Italian cross-country skier.	Erminio Sertorelli	1901
date of birth	Tiffany Haas (born c. 1983) is a former American softball player.	Tiffany Haas	1983
date of birth	Timothy Stamps (born 15 October 1936) is a Zimbabwean politician and doctor who served in the government of Zimbabwe as Minister of Health from 1986 to 2002.	Timothy Stamps	15 October 1936
date of birth	Morten Gunnar Larsen (born 1 October 1955) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer, well known for several stride piano recordings and collaborations.	Morten Gunnar Larsen	1 October 1955
date of birth	Laura Greenwood (born 1991) is an English actress and a member of the YoungBlood Theatre Company in 2006.	Laura Greenwood	1991
date of birth	Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Mahmoud Hassani Sorkhi (Arabic: السيد محمود الحسني الصرخي) (born 1964) is an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja.	Mahmoud Hassani Sorkhi	1964
date of birth	Meridith Valiando Rojas (born 1984) is an American concert producer and media entrepreneur.	Meridith Valiando Rojas	1984
date of birth	Agim Ibraimi (Macedonian: Агим Ибраими) (born 29 August 1988) is a professional Macedonian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Agim Ibraimi	29 August 1988
date of birth	Charles Ching (沈澄, 1935--2000) was a judge in Hong Kong.	Charles Ching	1935
date of birth	Wael Jassar (Arabic: وائل جسّار‎) is a Lebanese singer born 22 November 1976.	Wael Jassar	22 November 1976
date of birth	Chris Gudzowsky (born 15 August 1990 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian born bobsledder who started competing in 2006.	Chris Gudzowsky	15 August 1990
date of birth	Barbara Gardner Proctor (born 1933) was the first black woman to own and operate an advertising agency.	Barbara Gardner Proctor	1933
date of birth	Karl Zwicky (born 16 November 1956) is Australian film director, producer and screenwriter.	Karl Zwicky	16 November 1956
date of birth	Teresa Porzecanski (born 1945) is a Uruguayan anthropologist and writer.	Teresa Porzecanski	1945
date of birth	Antonio Mizauld (1510--1578) was a French astronomer and physician.	Antonio Mizauld	1510
date of birth	Badri Latif (Persian: بدری لطیف‎‎; born 2 November 1977) is a German field hockey player.	Badri Latif	2 November 1977
date of birth	Pat Kearns (born November 10, 1970) is an American record producer, recording engineer, songwriter, guitarist and vocalist.	Pat Kearns	1970
date of birth	Elhanan Tannenbaum, (Hebrew: אלחנן טננבוים‎, born 12 August 1946) was an Israeli reserve colonel in the Israel Defense Forces and a ``shady'' businessman, who was kidnapped in 2000 and held for more than three years by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah.	Elhanan Tannenbaum	12 August 1946
date of birth	Marc Mahélé Lièko Bokungu (1941 -- May 16, 1997) was a prominent Zairian general who served as the last army chief during the long reign of Mobutu Sese Seko.	Marc Mahélé Lièko Bokungu	1941
date of birth	Krisdayanti (born 24 March 1975), often known by her moniker KD, is an Indonesian singer and actress.	Krisdayanti	24 March 1975
date of birth	Edward Mena (born 15 April 1990) is a noted Venezuelan singer.	Edward Mena	15 April 1990
date of birth	George Herbert Walker III (born 1931 in St. Louis), commonly known as Bert Walker, is an American heir, businessman, diplomat and philanthropist.	George Herbert Walker III	1931
date of birth	Robert Hamilton Russell, FRCS, (3 September 1860 -- 30 April 1933) was an English-born Australian surgeon, president of the Medical Society of Victoria from 1903.	Robert Hamilton Russell	3 September 1860
date of birth	Elizabeth Raum (born 13 January 1945) is a Canadian oboist and composer.	Elizabeth Raum	13 January 1945
date of birth	Kamila Thompson (born 1983) is a singer-songwriter based in London and New York.	Kamila Thompson	1983
date of birth	Harm Bart (born 5 August 1942) is a Dutch mathematician, economist, and Professor of Mathematics at the Erasmus University Rotterdam, particularly known for his work on ``factorization problems for matrix and operator functions.''	Harm Bart	5 August 1942
date of birth	Mario Barravecchia (born 16 November 1976), or simply Mario, is an Italo-Belgian who was the finalist of the first edition of French TV reality show Star Academy.	Mario Barravecchia	16 November 1976
date of birth	Nguyễn Đình Tấn (Kiến An, Hải Phòng, 1930 - 28 January 2002) was a Vietnamese classical composer.	Nguyễn Đình Tấn	1930
date of birth	Dorota Miśkiewicz (dɔˈrɔta miɕˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ) (born 12 September 1973) is a Polish singer, songwriter, composer, and violinist.	Dorota Miśkiewicz	12 September 1973
date of birth	Antal Rogán (born 29 January 1972) is a Hungarian economist and politician, who served as Mayor of Belváros-Lipótváros (fifth district of Budapest) from 2006 to 2014.	Antal Rogán	29 January 1972
date of birth	Pascal Gastien (born 2 December 1963) is a French former professional footballer and now manager.	Pascal Gastien	2 December 1963
date of birth	Maurice Norman (born 8 May 1934) is an English former footballer who played nearly 400 times in the Football League as a centre half for Norwich City and Tottenham Hotspur.	Maurice Norman	8 May 1934
date of birth	Andreas Walsperger (born ca. 1415 in Radkersburg; time of death unknown) was a German cartographer of the 15th century.	Andreas Walsperger	1415
date of birth	Jacob A. Gross (born 1842 New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Jacob A. Gross	1842
date of birth	Yitzhak Arieli (Hebrew: יצחק אריאלי‎; born 1896, died 5 April 1974) was a leading Israeli rabbi.	Yitzhak Arieli	1896
date of birth	Margot Livesey (born 1953) is a Scottish born writer.	Margot Livesey	1953
date of birth	Philippe Bach (born 1974) is a Swiss conductor and current music director of Meiningen's Hofkapelle and Theatre.	Philippe Bach	1974
date of birth	Sinéad Delahunty-Evans (born 12 February 1971 in Kilkenny) is a retired Irish middle-distance runner who competed primarily in the 1500 metres.	Sinéad Delahunty	12 February 1971
date of birth	Line Arlien-Søborg (born 25 July 1966) is a Danish former actress and film director.	Line Arlien-Søborg	25 July 1966
date of birth	Henry Cubitt, 2nd Baron Ashcombe CB TD (14 March 1867 -- 27 October 1947), was a British politician and peer, the son of George Cubitt, 1st Baron Ashcombe, and his wife Laura Joyce.	Henry Cubitt, 2nd Baron Ashcombe	14 March 1867
date of birth	Vít Jedlička (Czech pronunciation: (ˈviːt ˈjɛdlɪtʃka); born 6 September 1983) is a Czech politician, publicist and activist.	Vít Jedlička	6 September 1983
date of birth	Shlomo Shamir (15 June 1915 -- 19 May 2009) was the third Commander of the Israeli Navy (1949--1950), and the first Israeli Navy Commander to receive the rank of Aluf.	Shlomo Shamir	15 June 1915
date of birth	Luisa Omielan (born 7 September 1982) is a British comedian based in London.	Luisa Omielan	7 September 1982
date of birth	Julia Tobin (born 1955 in Newcastle upon Tyne) is an English actress from Newcastle upon Tyne, and is best known for playing Brenda Hope in the comedy drama series Auf Wiedersehen, Pet and Joan of Arc in the music video for ``Maid of Orleans'' by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark.	Julia Tobin	1955
date of birth	Benjamin Byung Kyu Chin (born 1964), known for short as Ben Chin, is Executive Director, Communications and Issues Management in the office of B.C Premier Christy Clark, and a former Canadian political advisor in Ontario, public and private sector executive and television journalist.	Ben Chin	1964
date of birth	Simona Pop née Deac (born 25 December 1988) is a Romanian épée fencer, bronze medallist at the 2015 European Championships, team silver medallist in the 2015 World Fencing Championships and team European champion in 2014 and 2015.	Simona Pop	25 December 1988
date of birth	Bob Pejman (born 1963) is a contemporary artist/painter who currently resides in the United States.	Bob Pejman	1963
date of birth	Jeen van den Berg (8 January 1928 -- 8 October 2014) was a Dutch long track speed skating primarily known as the winner of the Elfstedentocht of 1954.	Jeen van den Berg	8 January 1928
date of birth	Richer Pérez Cobas (born 20 February 1986) is a Cuban long-distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Richer Pérez	20 February 1986
date of birth	Antonio Brufau Niubó (born 1948) is the CEO and Chairman of the multinational oil and gas company Repsol, a role he has been in since 2004.	Antonio Brufau Niubó	1948
date of birth	Doug Long (28 March 1940 - 9 February 2009) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Doug Long	28 March 1940
date of birth	Harsh Mahajan(ex- Animal Husbandry minister of Himachal Pradesh), son of a former Vidhan Sabha Speaker and Cabinet Minister, Des Raj Mahajan was born at Chamba on 12 December 1955.	Harsh Mahajan	1955
date of birth	Makoto Kitayama (born 1952) is a Japanese musician, active since the late '60s, most notably as vocalist and songwriter for the progressive rock band Shingetsu.	Makoto Kitayama	1952
date of birth	Daniel DeShaime, born Jean-Marie Deschênes on 2 August 1946 in Saint-Octave-de-l'Avenir, Quebec is a francophone Canadian singer.	Daniel DeShaime	2 August 1946
date of birth	Adalberto Román Benítez (born 11 April 1987), is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Libertad.	Adalberto Román	11 April 1987
date of birth	Mool Chand Chowhan (1927, Ajmer, Rajputana, Indian Empire - September 11, 2009) was an Indian sports official.	Mool Chand Chowhan	1927
date of birth	George Herndon Pegram (1855 - 1937), most commonly known as George H. Pegram, was an engineer who patented the Pegram truss.	George H. Pegram	1855
date of birth	Kieran Tscherniawsky (born 18 January 1992) is a Paralympian athlete from England competing mainly in category F33 discus.	Kieran Tscherniawsky	18 January 1992
date of birth	Guy Cribb (born 1970) is a windsurfer and windsurfing trainer.	Guy Cribb	1970
date of birth	Emri Zaid (Hebrew: אימרי זייד‎; born 10 March 1993) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Defender.	Emri Zaid	10 March 1993
date of birth	Jerzy Mniszech (c. 1548 -- 1613) was a Polish nobleman and diplomat in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Jerzy Mniszech	1548
date of birth	Dejan Zavec (born 13 March 1976), commonly known as Jan Zaveck, is a Slovenian former professional boxer who held the IBF welterweight title.	Jan Zaveck	13 March 1976
date of birth	Laurent Buson (born 10 November 1978), also known as Lohan, is a French actor, martial artist, action choreographer and film producer.	Laurent Buson	10 November 1978
date of birth	Dr Gary Aaron (born 3 July 1965) is a South African-born Australian general practitioner in private practice.	Gary Aaron	3 July 1965
date of birth	Walter Claude Flight (born London 16 February 1881 - died 1955) also known as Claude Flight or W. Claude Flight was a British artist who pioneered and popularised the linoleum cut technique.	Claude Flight	16 February 1881
date of birth	Nicolae Păun (born 9 November 1964) is a Romani-Romanian politician.	Nicolae Păun	9 November 1964
date of birth	Marko Lopušina (Марко Лопушина) (born 1951) is a Serbian journalist and publicist, known for writing a number of books on Serbian diaspora and secret services and their role in contemporary Serbian politics.	Marko Lopušina	1951
date of birth	Valentino Baldi (1774 -- October 22, 1816) was an Italian painter, mainly of quadratura and ornamentation in fresco and tempera.	Valentino Baldi	1774
date of birth	Nakamura Dōseki (中村 道碩, 1582 -- 1630) was a Japanese professional go player.	Nakamura Dōseki	1582
date of birth	Jim Waley (born 1948) is a veteran Australian television presenter best known for his work on the Nine Network.	Jim Waley	1948
date of birth	Camille Mendoza (born 29 November 1994 in Toulouse) is a French pair skater who competed with partner Christopher Boyadji.	Camille Mendoza	29 November 1994
date of birth	Ibnu Sutowo (23 September 1914 Yogyakarta -- 12 January 2001 Jakarta) was an Indonesian army officer, Cabinet Minister and former head of the Indonesian oil and gas producer Pertamina.	Ibnu Sutowo	23 September 1914
date of birth	Kaspar Ulenberg (24 December 1549 -- 16 February 1617) was a Catholic convert, theological writer and translator of the Bible.	Kaspar Ulenberg	24 December 1549
date of birth	Richard Donat (born 1 June 1941) is a Canadian actor known for his roles in Canadian and American television.	Richard Donat	1 June 1941
date of birth	Anton Reinthaller (14 April 1895 -- 6 March 1959) was an Austrian right wing politician active before and after the Second World War.	Anton Reinthaller	1895
date of birth	Barbara Doll (born 7 May 1972) is the stage name of a French former pornographic actress.	Barbara Doll	7 May 1972
date of birth	Ivan Goranov (Bulgarian: Иван Горанов; born on 10 June 1992) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a winger for Litex Lovech.	Ivan Goranov	10 June 1992
date of birth	Khalid Albudoor is an Arabic poet born in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates on April 7, 1961.	Khalid Albudoor	1961
date of birth	Christopher Kenworthy (born 1968) is an Australian writer and former film director.	Christopher Kenworthy	1968
date of birth	Mudit Nayar (Hindi: मुदित नायर; born 3 May 1987) is an Indian television actor.	Mudit Nayar	3 May 1987
date of birth	V. Srinivas Goud (Telugu:వి.శ్రీనివాస్ గౌడ్ born 16 March 1969) is an Indian politician, of the telangana state.He is the activist and former state government official and Telangana Gazetted Officers'' (TGO) president.	V. Srinivas Goud	16 March 1969
date of birth	Mike James Kirkland (born 1949, Yazoo City, Mississippi) is an American R&B singer.	Mike James Kirkland	1949
date of birth	José Aragón Escacena (born 1891 in Astorga, (León Province), Spain; died 1945 in Spain) was a Leonese language writer.	José Aragón Escacena	1891
date of birth	Ibrahim Khaleel (born 9 October 1982) is an Indian first-class cricketer who plays as a wicket-keeper for Hyderabad.	Ibrahim Khaleel	9 October 1982
date of birth	Bisi Alimi (born Ademola Iyandade Ojo Kazeem Alimi, 17 January 1975) is a Nigerian gay rights activist, public speaker, blog writer and HIV/LGBT advocate who gained international attention when he became the first Nigerian to come out of the closet on television.	Bisi Alimi	17 January 1975
date of birth	Naim Ulmasov (Tajik: Наим Ӯлмасов, Persian: نعیم اولمسف‎‎; born 26 April 1992) is a Tajikistani football player.	Naim Ulmasov	26 April 1992
date of birth	Margaret Fell or Margaret Fox (1614 -- 23 April 1702) was a founder of the Religious Society of Friends.	Margaret Fell	1614
date of birth	Meike Hoffmann (born 1962) is a German art historian and provenance researcher.	Meike Hoffmann	1962
date of birth	Fraser Stott (born 13 August 1969 in Cambuslang, Scotland) is a former Scottish rugby union player and coach who played for Glasgow Warriors at the Scrum-half position.	Fraser Stott	13 August 1969
date of birth	Thomas Ong (Chinese: 王沺裁; pinyin: Wáng Tiáncái, born 1 February 1969) is a Singaporean actor and television host.	Thomas Ong	1 February 1969
date of birth	Dale Bader (born 1978) is a degreed meteorologist for WAAY-TV in Huntsville, Alabama.	Dale Bader	1978
date of birth	Maredudd ap Bleddyn (1047 -- 9 February 1132) was a prince and later King of Powys in eastern Wales.	Maredudd ap Bleddyn	1047
date of birth	Nicolaes Geelvinck (11 October 1706, Amsterdam -- 15 June 1764, Amsterdam) was lord of Castricum, Bakkum, Santpoort, Velsen, Stabroek, schepen, and owner of the country estate Akerendam-by-Beverwijk.	Nicolaes Geelvinck	11 October 1706
date of birth	Paula Chaves (born 6 September 1984) is an Argentine model, actress and TV host.	Paula Chaves	6 September 1984
date of birth	Le Pustra or Mr Pustra (1 July 1977) is a multidisciplinary performance artist, singer, musical saw player, model and was originally part of the comedy Cabaret duo, Pustra/Vile-een's Vaudeville that performed from 2006 to mid 2009.	Le Pustra	1 July 1977
date of birth	Chris Huffins (born 15 April 1970) is an athlete from the United States who competed in the field of Decathlon.	Chris Huffins	15 April 1970
date of birth	Vasil Dragolov (Bulgarian: Васил Драголов) (born 17 March 1962) is a former Bulgarian footballer, who played as a forward.	Vasil Dragolov	17 March 1962
date of birth	Maria Blanca de Lizaur Guerra (born 1966), commonly known as Blanca de Lizaur, is a writer and researcher specialized in cultural studies, communications and literature.	Blanca de Lizaur	1966
date of birth	Siri Bjerke (19 June 1958 -- 11 February 2012) was a Norwegian politician (Labour Party).	Siri Bjerke	19 June 1958
date of birth	Jack Milne (14 June 1907 in Buffalo, New York, USA -- 15 December 1995 in Pasadena, California, USA) was an international Speedway rider.	Jack Milne	14 June 1907
date of birth	Royston Ellis, (born Christopher Royston George Ellis, 10 February 1941 in Pinner) is an English novelist, travel writer and erstwhile beat poet.	Royston Ellis	10 February 1941
date of birth	Milton Reynolds (1892--1976), an American entrepreneur, was born Milton Reinsberg in Albert Lea, Minnesota.	Milton Reynolds	1892
date of birth	Lil' Dave Thompson (May 21, 1969 -- February 14, 2010) was an American electric blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Lil' Dave Thompson	1969
date of birth	Sir Henry Peter Francis Swinnerton-Dyer, 16th Baronet KBE FRS (born 2 August 1927), commonly known as Peter Swinnerton-Dyer, is an English mathematician specialising in number theory at University of Cambridge.	Peter Swinnerton-Dyer	2 August 1927
date of birth	R. Parthasarathy (born 1934) is an Indian poet, translator, critic, and editor.	R. Parthasarathy	1934
date of birth	Cameron Chalmers (born 6 February 1997) is a Guernsey born British athlete, educated at Elizabeth College, Guernsey.	Cameron Chalmers	6 February 1997
date of birth	Ali Afshari (Persian: علی افشاری‎; born 1973 in Qazvin) is an Iranian activist.	Ali Afshari	1973
date of birth	Charlton Wong Chi Tang (traditional Chinese: 黃志騰; simplified Chinese: 黄志腾; Jyutping: wong4 zi3 tang4; born 1979) is a football referee in Hong Kong First Division League.	Wong Chi Tang	1979
date of birth	Neil Merritt (born 3 March 1939) was the last President of Portsmouth Polytechnic (1991-2) and the first Vice-Chancellor of the University of Portsmouth (1992-4).	Neil Merritt	3 March 1939
date of birth	Krishan Kumar (born 1942) is an Indian sociologist who is currently Chair of the Department of Sociology at the University of Virginia, where he holds the titles University Professor and William R. Kenan, Jr., Professor of Sociology.	Krishan Kumar	1942
date of birth	Bushra Elfadil (Arabic: بشرى الفاضل‎, born 1952) is a Sudanese writer and poet.	Bushra Elfadil	1952
date of birth	Anja Steinbauer (born 1966) is a London-based Sinologist and philosopher.	Anja Steinbauer	1966
date of birth	John Kenneth Hilliard (October 1901 -- March 21, 1989) was an American acoustical and electrical engineer who pioneered a number of important loudspeaker concepts and designs.	John Kenneth Hilliard	October 1901
date of birth	Admiral George Carnegie, 6th Earl of Northesk (1716--1792) was born the son of David Carnegie, 4th Earl of Northesk and Lady Margaret Wemyss on 2 August 1716.	George Carnegie, 6th Earl of Northesk	2 August 1716
date of birth	Marcus Graham (born 11 October 1963) is an Australian television and stage actor who has also starred in several films, including Mulholland Drive and Josh Jarman.	Marcus Graham	11 October 1963
date of birth	Stefan Sarnowski (born in 1939) is a Polish philosopher working as professor at Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz.	Stefan Sarnowski	1939
date of birth	Wang Qinruo (王欽若) (962-1025) was an official in China's Northern Song Dynasty.	Wang Qinruo	962
date of birth	Pieter de Graeff (15 August 1638 -- 3 June 1707), was a member of the De Graeff-family from the Dutch Golden Age.	Pieter de Graeff	15 August 1638
date of birth	Liam Fairhurst (26 February 1995 -- 30 June 2009) was a British charity fundraiser who had been diagnosed with synovial sarcoma.	Liam Fairhurst	26 February 1995
date of birth	Charles Lane Poole (16 August 1885 -- 22 November 1970) was an English Australian forester who, introduced systematic, science-based forestry to Western Australia.	Charles Lane Poole	16 August 1885
date of birth	Ulrich Kons (born 3 February 1955) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the eights.	Ulrich Kons	3 February 1955
date of birth	Guglielmo Capodoro (born Modena, 1670) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Guglielmo Capodoro	1670
date of birth	Per Hellmyrs (born 18 March 1983) is a Swedish Bandy player who is a creative midfielder.	Per Hellmyrs	18 March 1983
date of birth	Francis Gibson (16 January 1753 (baptised) -- 24 July 1805) was an English writer and occasional painter.	Francis Gibson	16 January 1753
date of birth	Marco Armani, stage name of Marco Antonio Armenise (born 14 June 1961), is an Italian singer-songwriter and composer.	Marco Armani	14 June 1961
date of birth	Karl-Erling Trogen (born 1946) is a Swedish company operator.	Karl-Erling Trogen	1946
date of birth	Nicky Hirst (b. 27 February 1963, Nottingham) is an English sculptor and installation artist.	Nicky Hirst	27 February 1963
date of birth	Colin Tilney (born 31 October 1933) is a harpsichordist, fortepianist and teacher.	Colin Tilney	31 October 1933
date of birth	Charlene Rajendran (born 1964 in Malacca) is a Malaysian writer based in Singapore.	Charlene Rajendran	1964
date of birth	Thorvald Ellegaard (7 March 1877 - 27 April 1954) was a leading Danish track racing cyclist in the 1900s and 1910s.	Thorvald Ellegaard	7 March 1877
date of birth	Muzaffer Atac (24 August 1933 - 7 December 2010) was a Turkish-American physicist who was one of the founding scientists of Fermilab and performed important work with visible light photon counters and other detectors for particle physics.	Muzaffer Atac	24 August 1933
date of birth	Sabiha Al Khemir or Sabiha Khemir (born 1959) is a Tunisian writer, illustrator, and expert in Islamic art whose work is concerned with cultural bridging and cultural dialogues.	Sabiha Al Khemir	1959
date of birth	Alessandro Lambruschini (born 7 January 1965) is an Italian former long-distance runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase Lambruschini participated at three editions of the Summer Olympics (1988, 1992, 1996), he has 40 caps in national team from 1985 to 1998.	Alessandro Lambruschini	7 January 1965
date of birth	Lee Yoo-jin (born 8 January 1977) is a South Korean actress and TV host.	Lee Yoo-jin	8 January 1977
date of birth	Sarah McIntyre (born 1975) is a British-American illustrator and writer of children's books and comics.	Sarah McIntyre	1975
date of birth	Václav Kotal (born 2 October 1952) is a Czech former football player and current manager, in charge of FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Václav Kotal	2 October 1952
date of birth	Nicholas Bawlf (15 July 1849 -- 26 December 1914) was an important figure in the development of Winnipeg as the centre of the Canadian grain trade.	Nicholas Bawlf	1849
date of birth	Clare Hollingworth (born 10 October 1911) is a British journalist and author who is noted as the first war correspondent to report the outbreak of World War II.	Clare Hollingworth	10 October 1911
date of birth	Francesco Nappi (1565 -- 1630s) was an Italian painter, mainly recalled for his decorative frescoes in a Mannerist style.	Francesco Nappi	1565
date of birth	Tsewang Dolkar Khangkar (born 1959 in Kyirong, Tibet) is exiled in India, is a doctor of Traditional Tibetan medicine.	Tsewang Dolkar Khangkar	1959
date of birth	Tim Samuels (born 3 October 1975) is a documentary filmmaker and broadcaster.	Tim Samuels	3 October 1975
date of birth	Jake Webster (born 29 October 1983 in Melbourne, Australia) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Castleford Tigers of Super League.	Jake Webster	29 October 1983
date of birth	Matt Kindt (born 1973) is an American comic book writer, artist and graphic designer.	Matt Kindt	1973
date of birth	Stephen Brookfield (born 1949 in Liverpool, England) is a scholar in adult education who holds the John Ireland Endowed Chair at the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota.	Stephen Brookfield	1949
date of birth	Terry Dunn (born May 6, 1953) was the head men's basketball coach at Dartmouth College from 2004 through January 9, 2010, when he resigned his position.	Terry Dunn	1953
date of birth	Sylvain Guillot (born 1972) is a French jockey.	Sylvain Guillot	1972
date of birth	Nils Johannes Sejersted (17 October 1865 -- 19 September 1921) was a Norwegian military officer and director.	Nils Johannes Sejersted	1865
date of birth	Faouzi Ghoulam (Arabic: فوزي غلام; born 1 February 1991) is an Algerian footballer who plays for S.S.C. Napoli in Serie A and the Algerian national team.	Faouzi Ghoulam	1 February 1991
date of birth	Filippo Neviani (born 6 January 1972), known by his stage name Nek, is an Italian musician and singer-songwriter.	Nek	6 January 1972
date of birth	Michael Papadjanian, or Mikayel (1868 in Yerevan, Armenia -- 1929 in Tiflis, Soviet Union) was a member of Armenian national liberation movement who studied law at Rostov, Odessa and St Petersburg, and had a practice as a barrister at Baku.	Michael Papadjanian	1868
date of birth	Rosie Rowell (born 29 April 1965) is a British actress, probably best known for her roles as Eileen Callan in Family Affairs (a role she played from 2003 until the series ended in 2005) and Donna Tucker in Soldier Soldier.	Rosie Rowell	29 April 1965
date of birth	Naresh Chander Chaturvedi (born 30 April 1928, Farrukhabad, Uttar Pradesh) is a writer and poet, predominantly writing in Hindi language.	Naresh Chander Chaturvedi	30 April 1928
date of birth	Herbert Spencer Gasser (5 July 1888 -- 11 May 1963) was an American physiologist, and recipient of the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1944 for his work with action potentials in nerve fibers while on the faculty of Washington University in St. Louis, awarded jointly with Joseph Erlanger.	Herbert Spencer Gasser	5 July 1888
date of birth	Bruce Paige (born 10 November 1948) is a newsreader in Brisbane, Australia.	Bruce Paige	1948
date of birth	Adrian Dale (born 24 October 1968) is a former South African cricketer, right-handed batsman, and right-arm medium-pace bowler who scored over 12,500 first-class runs and took over 200 first-class wickets.	Adrian Dale	24 October 1968
date of birth	Eric Chasalow (born 1955) is an American composer of acoustic and electronic music.	Eric Chasalow	1955
date of birth	Domingo Lejona (born 2 February 1938) is an Argentine former footballer.	Domingo Lejona	2 February 1938
date of birth	Peter Cowie (born 24 December 1939) is a film historian and author of more than thirty books on film.	Peter Cowie	24 December 1939
date of birth	Carl Freedman (born 1965) is the founder of Carl Freedman Gallery (formerly Counter Gallery).	Carl Freedman	1965
date of birth	Haimanti Sukla (Bengali: হৈমন্তী শুক্লা) (born 2 February 1949) is a Bengali singer.	Haimanti Sukla	2 February 1949
date of birth	Charles Berkeley, 2nd Earl of Berkeley PC KB FRS (8 April 1649 -- 24 September 1710), was a British nobleman and diplomat, known as Sir Charles Berkeley from 1661 to 1679 and styled Viscount Dursley from 1679 to 1698.	Charles Berkeley, 2nd Earl of Berkeley	8 April 1649
date of birth	Gary Lewin (born 16 May 1964) is the current permanent first-team physiotherapist for the England national football team.	Gary Lewin	16 May 1964
date of birth	Simon Garlick (born 10 April 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played between 1994 and 2004.	Simon Garlick	10 April 1975
date of birth	Vasil Lobzhanidze (Georgian: ვასილ ლობჟანიძე; born 14 October 1996) is a Georgian Rugby Union player.	Vasil Lobzhanidze	14 October 1996
date of birth	Lukyamuzi Bashir (or Badi)(born 7 December 1986) is a Ugandan music director, film director and producer.	Lukyamuzi Bashir	7 December 1986
date of birth	Jaason Simmons (born 12 July 1970) is an Australian actor best known for the role of Logan Fowler on the TV series Baywatch.	Jaason Simmons	12 July 1970
date of birth	Ibrahim Camejo Sayas (also Ibrain Camejo Zayas, born 28 June 1982) is a Cuban long jumper.	Ibrahim Camejo	28 June 1982
date of birth	Edmond Beales was the son of Samuel Pickering Beales, a merchant of Newnham, Cambridgeshire and was born 3 July 1803.	Edmond Beales	3 July 1803
date of birth	Rowan Sawers (born 19 October 1954) is a former Australian rules football umpire and current Australian Football League Umpires' Coach.	Rowan Sawers	19 October 1954
date of birth	Amiya Kumar Bagchi (born 1936) is a distinguished Indian political economist.	Amiya Kumar Bagchi	1936
date of birth	Natascha Janakieva Petrova (alternate listings: Natasha Petrova, Natasha Yanakieva, born 19 March 1951) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s.	Natascha Janakieva	19 March 1951
date of birth	Stephen Marcus (born Stephen Mark Scott; 18 June 1962) is a British actor, best known for his role as Nick the Greek in the film Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.	Stephen Marcus	18 June 1962
date of birth	Bálint Virág (born 1973) is a Hungarian mathematician working in Canada, known for his work in probability theory, particularly determinantal processes, random matrix theory, and random walks and other probabilistic questions on groups.	Bálint Virág	1973
date of birth	Perry Millward (born 24 October 1992) is an English actor primarily known for his work on stage (especially in London's West End), and with a number of film and television credits.	Perry Millward	24 October 1992
date of birth	Daryn Smit (born 28 January 1984) is a South African cricketer and captain for the Dolphins.	Daryn Smit	28 January 1984
date of birth	Dana Telsey (born 1962 (age 52--53) in New York City, New York) is the CEO and Chief Research Officer of Telsey Advisory Group.	Dana Telsey	1962
date of birth	Flossie M Byrd (born 1927) was an economist, and the first African American woman to be elected president of one of Texas's ``first class'' public institutions of higher education, Prairie View A&M University.	Flossie M Byrd	1927
date of birth	Butterford Wong (Chinese: 黃黃油福特; born 2 December 1987) is a Canto-Pop singer from Hong Kong.	Butterford Wong	2 December 1987
date of birth	Jean Hubeau (22 June 1917 -- 19 August 1992) was a French pianist, composer and pedagogue known especially for his recordings of Gabriel Fauré, Robert Schumann and Paul Dukas, which are recognized as benchmark versions.	Jean Hubeau	22 June 1917
date of birth	Pierre Henry (born 9 December 1927) is a French composer, considered a pioneer of the musique concrète genre of electronic music.	Pierre Henry	9 December 1927
date of birth	Stephen Greif (born 26 August 1944) is an English actor known for his roles as Travis in Blake's 7, Harry Fenning in three series of Citizen Smith, Signor Donato in Casanova and Commander John Shepherd in Shoot On Sight.	Stephen Greif	26 August 1944
date of birth	Nikola Kalinić (born 5 January 1988) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club Fiorentina and for the Croatian national team.	Nikola Kalinić	5 January 1988
date of birth	Arne Nyberg (20 June 1913--12 August 1970) was a Swedish football striker born in Säffle.	Arne Nyberg	20 June 1913
date of birth	Richard Anthony Jefferson (born 1956) is an American-born molecular biologist and social entrepreneur who developed the widely used reporter gene system GUS, conducted the world's first biotech crop release, proposed the Hologenome theory of evolution, pioneered Biological Open Source and founded The Lens.	Richard Anthony Jefferson	1956
date of birth	Deborah Abela (born 13 October 1966 in Sydney) is an Australian author of children's books, most notably the Max Remy, Super Spy series.	Deborah Abela	13 October 1966
date of birth	Dan Hunt (born 8 September 1986 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian retired rugby league player who played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the National Rugby League competition.	Dan Hunt	8 September 1986
date of birth	Josimar Higino Pereira (born 19 September 1961), more commonly known as Josimar, is a Brazilian former footballer.	Josimar	19 September 1961
date of birth	Carmen Lebbos (Arabic: كارمن لبّس‎, born 1963) is a Lebanese actress who has been working in film, television and the theater since 1981.	Carmen Lebbos	1963
date of birth	Joanne Meschery (born 1941 in Gorman, Texas) is an American fiction writer.	Joanne Meschery	1941
date of birth	Hristo Silyanov (1880 in Istanbul, Ottoman Empire -- 1939 in Sofia, Bulgaria) (Bulgarian: Христо Силянов) was a Bulgarian revolutionary, historian and memoirist.	Hristo Silyanov	1880
date of birth	Besart Veseli (born 24 September 1992 in Mitrovicë) is a Kosovar-Albanian footballer who plays for KF Kosova Vushtrri Style of Play also known as a new Cristiano Ronaldo who has an amazing technique and dribling skills ``	Besart Veseli	24 September 1992
date of birth	Richard Fung (born 1954) is a video artist, writer, public intellectual and theorist who currently lives and works in Toronto, Ontario.	Richard Fung	1954
date of birth	Owen Sheers (born 20 September 1974) is a Welsh poet, author, playwright and TV presenter.	Owen Sheers	20 September 1974
date of birth	Yang Naimei (Chinese: 楊耐梅; 1904 -- December 27, 1960) was an actress of China's silent film era.	Yang Naimei	1904
date of birth	Shahla Lahiji (born 1942) (Persian: شهلا لاهیجی‎) is an Iranian writer, publisher, translator, and director of Roshangaran, a prominent publishing house on women's issues.	Shahla Lahiji	1942
date of birth	Ivan Pravilov (Ukrainian: Іван Правілов; January 1963 -- February 10, 2012) was a Ukrainian ice hockey coach.	Ivan Pravilov	January 1963
date of birth	Alec Cobbe (born 1945) is an Irish designer, artist, musical instrument collector and decorator.	Alec Cobbe	1945
date of birth	Sammy Stopford (born April 1956) is a professional ballroom dancer and teacher, and winner of the Professional International Latin American Dance Championship.	Sammy Stopford	April 1956
date of birth	Frederik Lauesen (born 10 November 1972) is a Danish TV presenter, who has been head of sport for the Danish channel TV 2 since September 2008.	Frederik Lauesen	10 November 1972
date of birth	Fritz Wintersteller (born 21 October 1927) is an Austrian mountaineer who made the first ascent of Broad Peak together with Hermann Buhl, Kurt Diemberger, and Marcus Schmuck in 1957.	Fritz Wintersteller	21 October 1927
date of birth	Cameron Meyer (born 11 January 1988) is an Australian professional racing cyclist, riding for UCI ProTeam Team Dimension-Data	Cameron Meyer	11 January 1988
date of birth	Dániel Gyurta (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈdaːniɛl ˈɟurtɒ); born 4 May 1989) is a Hungarian competitive swimmer who mainly competes in the 200-metre breaststroke.	Dániel Gyurta	4 May 1989
date of birth	Kofi Ansah (1951-3 May 2014) was an award-winning Ghanaian fashion designer, who was a pioneer in promoting modern African styles and design on the international stage.	Kofi Ansah	1951
date of birth	Catherine Shirriff is a Canadian actress, born sometime in 1941.	Catherine Shirriff	1941
date of birth	Simon Franglen (born 1963, Westminster, London, England) is an English composer, record producer, arranger and musician.	Simon Franglen	1963
date of birth	Alois Seyfried was born in Brunn am Gebirge (Austria) on 27 May 1856 to father Franz and mother Caroline née Herger.	Alois Seyfried	1856
date of birth	Zenón Rolón (25 June 1856 -- 13 May 1902) was an Afro Argentine musician and composer.	Zenón Rolón	25 June 1856
date of birth	The Duke of Iron (born Cecil Anderson, 1906 -- 1968) was a calypsonian, nightclub and concert entertainer, and recording artist from the 1930s through the 1960s.	The Duke of Iron	1906
date of birth	Davide Bagnacani (born 8 January 1980) is a former Italian football.	Davide Bagnacani	8 January 1980
date of birth	Vinayak Sasikumar (born 13 June 1994) is an Indian lyricist, best known for his compositions in Malayalam cinema, with films such as Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi, North 24 Kaatham, 7th Day (film), and Sapthamashree Thaskaraha:.	Vinayak Sasikumar	13 June 1994
date of birth	Thomas Garner (1839--1906) was one of the leading English Gothic revival architects of the Victorian era.	Thomas Garner	1839
date of birth	Alan Rothwell (born 9 February 1937) is an English actor and television presenter.	Alan Rothwell	9 February 1937
date of birth	Madalena Barbosa (1942 -- February 21, 2008) was the founder of the Movement for the Liberation of Women (Movimento de Libertação das Mulheres), in April 1974, created to ``fight for the right to equality of opportunity without discrimination of gender''.	Madalena Barbosa	1942
date of birth	Giacinto Macripodari (Greek: Υάκινθος Μακρυποδάρης, Hungarian: Jácint Ferenc Makripodári, Latin: Hyacinthus Macripodarius, Moldovan: Giacinto Ischiota c. 1610 -- 1672), O.P. was a 17th-century Greek scholar and Dominican friar.	Giacinto Macripodari	1610
date of birth	Kalifa Cissé (born 9 January 1984) is a Malian professional footballer who plays for Bangkok United as a defensive midfielder or centre-half.	Kalifa Cissé	9 January 1984
date of birth	Zvi Segal (Hebrew: צבי סגל‎, 1901--1965) was a Revisionist Zionist activist and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence.	Zvi Segal	1901
date of birth	Sir Francis Freeling, 1st Baronet FSA (25 August 1764 -- 10 July 1836), was Secretary of HM General Post Office.	Francis Freeling	25 August 1764
date of birth	Plamen Dimov (Bulgarian: Пламен Димов; born 29 October 1990) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for FC Shakhter Karagandy in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Plamen Dimov	29 October 1990
date of birth	Louise de Bourbon (2 February 1603 -- 9 September 1637) called Mademoiselle de Soissons was the wife of Henri d'Orléans, Duke of Longueville.	Louise de Bourbon	2 February 1603
date of birth	Jason Garrity (born 9 November 1993) is an English motorcycle speedway rider who won the British Under-19 Championship and the National League Riders Championship in 2011.	Jason Garrity	9 November 1993
date of birth	Johan Fridtjuv Berg (20 March 1851 - 29 February 1916) was a Swedish libertarian, school teacher and book author.	Fridtjuv Berg	20 March 1851
date of birth	Cyrus Tang (Chinese: 唐仲英; born 1930 in Suzhou, China) is a Chinese-born American businessman and philanthropist who has holdings in steel, pharmaceutical and furniture.	Cyrus Tang	1930
date of birth	Beverly Page Yates (1811--1883) was an American-Liberian politician who served as the Vice President of Liberia from 1856 to 1860 under President Stephen Allen Benson.	Beverly Page Yates	1811
date of birth	Jüri Luik (born 17 August 1966 in Tallinn) is an Estonian diplomat and former politician.	Jüri Luik	17 August 1966
date of birth	Chinedu Okoli (born 23 November 1983), better known by his stage name Flavour N'abania or simply Flavour, is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and performer.	Flavour N'abania	23 November 1983
date of birth	Ed Di Lello (born 1952) is a former American composer, choreographer, director, dancer, and actor who worked in the United States during the 1970s and 1980s.	Ed Di Lello	1952
date of birth	Kenneth Barry Mealand (24 January 1943 -- 2 April 2013) was an English professional footballer who played as a right back.	Barry Mealand	24 January 1943
date of birth	James Lasdun (born 1958) is a British writer who has lived in the United States since 1986.	James Lasdun	1958
date of birth	Peter Snow, CBE (born 20 April 1938) is a British radio and television presenter and historian.	Peter Snow	20 April 1938
date of birth	Mário Vieira de Carvalho (Coimbra, 7 October 1943) is a Portuguese musicologist and author.	Mário Vieira de Carvalho	7 October 1943
date of birth	Friedrich Wilhelm Eduard Kasimir Dietrich von Saucken (16 May 1892 -- 27 September 1980) was a general in the German army during World War II. Wounded in the Battle of Moscow, he commanded the 4th Panzer Division at Kursk, before becoming acting commander of the III. Panzer Corps in June 1944.	Dietrich von Saucken	16 May 1892
date of birth	Eugene Botkin, also Yevgeny Sergeyevich Botkin (Russian: Евге́ний Серге́евич Бо́ткин; 27 March 1865 -- 17 July 1918) was the court physician for Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra and, while in exile with the family, sometimes treated the hemophilia-related complications of the Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia.	Eugene Botkin	27 March 1865
date of birth	David Paisley (born 2 February 1979) is a Scottish actor, especially well known for roles as midwife Ben Saunders in Holby City, Ryan Taylor in Tinsel Town and most recently Rory Murdoch in River City.	David Paisley	2 February 1979
date of birth	Andrea Berg (born 28 January 1966) is a German singer in the schlager genre.	Andrea Berg	28 January 1966
date of birth	Milo Sperber (20 March 1911 -- 22 December 1992) was a Polish-born English actor, director, and writer.	Milo Sperber	20 March 1911
date of birth	Günther Stranner (born 26 April 1967) is an Austrian former ski jumper who competed from 1984 to 1991.	Günther Stranner	26 April 1967
date of birth	Robert Peter Aguilar (born 1931) is a former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and is currently a California attorney in private practice.	Robert Peter Aguilar	1931
date of birth	Junior Roqica pronounced Rong-itha (born 13 February 1991) is an Fijian Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League.	Junior Roqica	13 February 1991
date of birth	Reed Seifer (born 1973) is an artist working in New York, NY.	Reed Seifer	1973
date of birth	Allan Trautman (born 1955) is an actor and puppeteer.	Allan Trautman	1955
date of birth	Maria Giovanna Elmi (born 25 August 1940) is an Italian former television announcer, presenter, journalist, actress and singer.	Maria Giovanna Elmi	25 August 1940
date of birth	Katharine Waldo Douglas, CBE, (1870 -- April 7, 1939) was an American novelist and translator.	Katharine Waldo Douglas	1870
date of birth	Carl Heldmann (born 1942) is an American author, home builder, and construction loan consultant.	Carl Heldmann	1942
date of birth	Rudolf Stussi (born 1947) is a Swiss-born painter, animator and illustrator based in Toronto, Canada.	Rudolf Stussi	1947
date of birth	Vijay Kumar Chopra (Hindi: विजय कुमार चोपड़ा) (born 31 January 1932, Lahore) is the chief executive officer and editor in chief of the Punjab Kesari print news organisation.	Vijay Kumar Chopra	31 January 1932
date of birth	Walther Wenck (18 September 1900 -- 1 May 1982) was the youngest general in the German Army and a highly experienced staff officer during World War II. At the end of the war, he commanded the German Twelfth Army.	Walther Wenck	18 September 1900
date of birth	J. Benibengor Blay (born 1915) was a Ghanaian journalist, writer, publisher and politician, who has been called ``the father of popular writing in Ghana''.	J. Benibengor Blay	1915
date of birth	Sergei Konstantinovich Gershelman (Russian: Серге́й Константинович Гершельман, Sergey Konstantinovich Gershelman; 26 June 1854 -- 17 October 1910), last name also spelled Hershelman, was a Imperial Russian Army general, who fought in the Russo-Japanese War and served as the Governor-General of Moscow.	Sergei Konstantinovich Gershelman	26 June 1854
date of birth	Maurice Fenelon (1834 -- January 31, 1897) was an Irish-born educator, merchant and political figure in Newfoundland.	Maurice Fenelon	1834
date of birth	Atossa Leoni (1977- ) is an actress who has been working internationally in film, television and theater since childhood.	Atossa Leoni	1977
date of birth	Joyce Nakamura Okazaki (born 1935) is an American citizen of Japanese heritage who was forcibly removed with her family from their Los Angeles home and placed in the Manzanar War Relocation camp in 1942.	Joyce Nakamura Okazaki	1935
date of birth	Nina van Koeckhoven (born 6 October 1983) is a Belgian freestyle swimmer and triathlete.	Nina van Koeckhoven	6 October 1983
date of birth	Shaun Greenhalgh (born 1961) is a British art forger.	Shaun Greenhalgh	1961
date of birth	Kex Gorin (born Kevin Gorin, 1 January 1949, in Birmingham - 21 December 2007), was a British drummer.	Kex Gorin	1949
date of birth	Diane Stein (born 1948) is a feminist, Wiccan, a Reiki practitioner, and an author.	Diane Stein	1948
date of birth	Jeffrey Jeturian (born 1959) is a Filipino director and production designer for both television and film.	Jeffrey Jeturian	1959
date of birth	Fulvio Rocchi (born 7 August 1909) was an Argentine sports shooter.	Fulvio Rocchi	7 August 1909
date of birth	Kang Soo-il (Hangul: 강수일; born 15 July 1987) is a Korean footballer who currently plays for Jeju United in the K League Classic.	Kang Soo-il	15 July 1987
date of birth	Silvia Hollmann-Schieck (born 13 May 1955 in Menden (Sauerland), North Rhine-Westphalia) is a retired West German hurdler.	Silvia Hollmann	13 May 1955
date of birth	Raghunath Vithal Khedkar (born 1873, Bombay) was an Indian surgeon.	Raghunath Vithal Khedkar	1873
date of birth	Arthur Agatston (born 1947) is an American cardiologist best known as the developer of the South Beach Diet, but also the author of many published scholarly papers in the field of noninvasive cardiac diagnostics.	Arthur Agatston	1947
date of birth	Lazım Esmaeili (also ``Lazem'') (1945--28 January 1995) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey, who was found tortured and shot dead by unknown persons in Istanbul.	Lazım Esmaeili	1945
date of birth	Georgie Glen (born 20 April 1956) is a Scottish actress, best known for her stage and television work.	Georgie Glen	1956
date of birth	Frank Murud (born 23 December 1955) is a former chief of real estate in the city administration of Oslo, who became notorious for the embezzlement of ca.	Frank Murud	23 December 1955
date of birth	Maharaja Shri Chamaraja Wodeyar VII Bahadur (1704 - 1734) or Chamaraja Wodeyar VII, was Raja of Mysore (r.1732 - 1734).	Chamaraja Wodeyar VII	1704
date of birth	Manila Flamini (18 September 1987) is an Italian synchronized swimmer.	Manila Flamini	18 September 1987
date of birth	Laura Owens (born 1970, Euclid, Ohio) is an American painter who emerged in the late 1990s.	Laura Owens	1970
date of birth	Armin Aberle (born 13 December 1960) is an Australian-German semiconductor scientist and full professor at the National University of Singapore in the field of photovoltaics and solar energy, particularly thin film solar cells.	Armin Aberle	13 December 1960
date of birth	Sébastien Corchia (born 1 November 1990) is a French footballer who plays for French club Lille in Ligue 1.He is a French youth international having represented his nation at under-17, under-18, and under-19 and plays on the under-21 team.	Sébastien Corchia	1 November 1990
date of birth	Ioannis Kokkodis (Greek: Ιωάννης Κοκκώδης; born 8 January 1981) is a retired Greek swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 2002 European Aquatics Championships.	Ioannis Kokkodis	8 January 1981
date of birth	Ned Goodwin (born 15 April 1969) is an English-born Australian-raised Master of Wine.	Ned Goodwin	15 April 1969
date of birth	David A. Kolb (born 1939) is an American educational theorist whose interests and publications focus on experiential learning, the individual and social change, career development, and executive and professional education.	David A. Kolb	1939
date of birth	Libby Titus (born Elizabeth Jurist, 6 July 1947) is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and concert producer.	Libby Titus	6 July 1947
date of birth	Claus Christian Gulmann (born 1942) is a Danish judge, Advocate General and Judge at the European Court of Justice.	Claus Christian Gulmann	1942
date of birth	Ebenezer Landells (Newcastle 1808 -- 1 October 1860 London) was an English wood-engraver, illustrator, and magazine proprietor.	Ebenezer Landells	1808
date of birth	Anthony Chemut (born 17 December 1992) is a Kenyan middle distance runner that specialises in the 800 metres.	Anthony Chemut	17 December 1992
date of birth	Nathaniel Gubbins (1893--1976), born Norman Gubbins, was a British journalist and humourist.	Nathaniel Gubbins	1893
date of birth	Sharin Anderson (born 26 October 1959) is an Australian singer, guitarist, songwriter, and artist from the outer northern suburbs of Melbourne.	Sharin Anderson	26 October 1959
date of birth	Levy Matebo Omari (born 3 November 1989) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes mainly in marathon races.	Levy Matebo Omari	3 November 1989
date of birth	Lucy van Dael (born in 1946) is a Dutch baroque violinist and member of the faculty of the Amsterdam Conservatory.	Lucy van Dael	1946
date of birth	Asha Philip (born 25 October 1990) is an English sprinter and former junior gymnast specialising in mini-trampoline.	Asha Philip	25 October 1990
date of birth	Edward Fella (born 1938) is an American graphic designer, artist and educator.	Edward Fella	1938
date of birth	Flávio Alex Valêncio (better known just as Flavinho; born 27 July 1983) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for CRB in the Série B. He formerly played for the Brazilian club Grêmio Barueri in the Campeonato Paulista and the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and Neftchi Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League	Flávio Alex Valêncio	27 July 1983
date of birth	Massimo Barbolini (born 29 August 1964) is an Italian volleyball coach.	Massimo Barbolini	29 August 1964
date of birth	George Tuka or Heorhiy/Georgiy Tuka (Ukrainian: Георгій Борисович Тука; born 24 November 1963) is a Ukrainian politician and activist.	George Tuka	24 November 1963
date of birth	Gina Ford (born c. 1960) is the bestselling author of childcare books in the United Kingdom and a former maternity nurse who has cared for over 300 babies during her career.	Gina Ford	1960
date of birth	Oliver Koenig (born 31 January 1981) is a German sprinter and long jumper.	Oliver Koenig	31 January 1981
date of birth	Cristina Sandu (born 4 March 1990) is a Romanian athlete who competes in the long jump and the triple jump.	Cristina Sandu	4 March 1990
date of birth	Jonathan Michie (born 25 March 1957, London, England) is a British economist and holds the joint post of Director of the Department for Continuing Education, and President of Kellogg College, University of Oxford, where he is Professor of Innovation & Knowledge Exchange.	Jonathan Michie	25 March 1957
date of birth	Kristof Vandewalle (born 5 April 1985) is a professional Belgian road cyclist, who rides with Trek--	Kristof Vandewalle	5 April 1985
date of birth	Herbert Noel Hollingdale (1911 - 2000) was a rugby league player in the New South Wales Rugby League competition.	Noel Hollingdale	1911
date of birth	Mehmet Bekaroğlu (born in 1954) is a Turkish human rights activist, a scientist, professor, a psychiatrist, a writer, and a politician of Laz origin.	Mehmet Bekaroğlu	1954
date of birth	Spinvis is a Dutch one-man project centred on Erik de Jong (born 2 February 1961, Spijkenisse).	Spinvis	2 February 1961
date of birth	Bruce Ashmore (born c. 1959 in Cambridge, England) is a race car designer who designed and developed 11 championship winning IndyCars with two different race car manufacturers, first with Lola Cars and then with Reynard Motorsports.	Bruce Ashmore	1959
date of birth	Paul Esposti (born 1 November 1972) is a Welsh racing cyclist, from Cardiff, Wales.	Paul Esposti	1 November 1972
date of birth	Angelos Roufos (Greek: Άγγελος Ρούφος, born 1852) was a Greek politician from Achaea.	Angelos Roufos	1852
date of birth	Vincenzo Spampinato (born in 1953) is an Italian pop-rock singer-songwriter, composer and lyricist.	Vincenzo Spampinato	1953
date of birth	Ergün Poyraz (born 31 January 1963) is a best-selling and prolific Turkish author known for his controversial books about the ruling Justice and Development Party, the Islamic preacher Fethullah Gülen, and people associated with them.	Ergün Poyraz	31 January 1963
date of birth	Souren Bose (born 25 June 1924) was one of the leading figures in the Naxalite movement in India.	Souren Bose	25 June 1924
date of birth	James Basire (1730--1802), also known as James Basire Sr., was an English engraver.	James Basire	1730
date of birth	Mark Hales (born 7 November 1950) is a British auto racing driver and instructor.	Mark Hales	7 November 1950
date of birth	James Russell McCoy (4 September 1845 -- 14 February 1924) served as Magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island 7 times, between 1870 and 1904.	James Russell McCoy	4 September 1845
date of birth	Lieven De Cauter (Koolskamp, 1959) is a Belgian philosopher, art historian, writer, and activist based in Brussels.	Lieven De Cauter	1959
date of birth	Genovaitė Ramoškienė (née Šidagytė on 12 May 1945) is a retired Lithuanian rower.	Genovaitė Ramoškienė	12 May 1945
date of birth	Frederick Graham (born 29 November 1964), who writes under the name Cork Graham, is an American author of political thriller novels and adventure memoirs.	Cork Graham	29 November 1964
date of birth	Colin Prockter (born 4 June 1946) is an actor and TV writer who has appeared on many TV series and films since the 1960s.	Colin Prockter	4 June 1946
date of birth	Harshad Arora (born 3 September 1987) is an Indian model and television actor.	Harshad Arora	3 September 1987
date of birth	Jacob Weitering (born 23 November 1997) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jacob Weitering	23 November 1997
date of birth	Levan Tediashvili (Georgian: ლევან თედიაშვილი; born 15 March 1948 in Gegmoubani, Georgian SSR) is a former Soviet (Georgian) wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling in 1972 and 1976.	Levan Tediashvili	15 March 1948
date of birth	Suhaimi Yusof (born 1969) is a Singaporean actor, comedian, entertainer and radio personality, known for playing exaggerated Malay stereotype characters and for his spontaneity.	Suhaimi Yusof	1969
date of birth	Darko Damjanovski (Macedonian: Дарко Дамјановски, born 15 July 1981) is a Macedonian biathlete and cross-country skier who has competed since 1999 and 2005, respectively.	Darko Damjanovski	15 July 1981
date of birth	Lake Sagaris (born 1956 in Montreal) is a Canadian journalist, poet and translator who lives in Chile.	Lake Sagaris	1956
date of birth	Richard Sinnott (born 5 June 1963) is a professional actor, writer and director based in Manchester.	Richard Sinnott	5 June 1963
date of birth	Ike Landvoigt (born 19 September 1973) is a retired German rower who won a gold and a silver medal in the eights at the world championships of 1995 and 1998, respectively.	Ike Landvoigt	19 September 1973
date of birth	Denho Acar (born 1974 in Midyat), also known as Dano and Djingis Khan, is a Turkish mobster of Assyrian/Syriac descent and founder of the Swedish crime syndicate Original Gangsters.	Denho Acar	1974
date of birth	Sally Ellis (born 17 May 1958) is an English long-distance road and cross-country runner.	Sally Ellis	17 May 1958
date of birth	Eliza Berkeley (née Frinsham; 1734--1800) was an English author.	Eliza Berkeley	1734
date of birth	Leon Mestel (born 5 August 1927) is a British astronomer and astrophysicist and Emeritus Professor at the University of Sussex.	Leon Mestel	5 August 1927
date of birth	JD Miller (born 1953) is a contemporary painter known for his 3-D technique of oil paint application.	JD Miller	1953
date of birth	Geoff Garin (born 1953) is an American pollster, who served as co-chief strategist for the latter part of Senator Hillary Clinton's 2008 Presidential campaign.	Geoff Garin	1953
date of birth	Mary Louise Coulouris (17 July 1939 -- 20 December 2011) was an American-British artist.	Mary Louise Coulouris	17 July 1939
date of birth	Manuela Ósk Harðardóttir (born 29 August 1983) is an Icelandic beauty queen and a model.	Manuela Ósk Harðardóttir	29 August 1983
date of birth	Andy Frain (born 2 November 1959) is an animation producer and the founder & managing director of Touchwood Animation Ltd.	Andy Frain	2 November 1959
date of birth	Peter Sjögren (born in 1983) is a Swedish floorball player (goalkeeper) who is ranked as the best goalie in the world.	Peter Sjögren	1983
date of birth	Ginevra Sforza (1440 -- 16 May 1507) was the wife and counselor of Giovanni II Bentivoglio, lord of Bologna.	Ginevra Sforza	1440
date of birth	Diana Mary Villiers Negroponte (born 1947) is an English-born American trade lawyer and adjunct professor of law at Fordham University whose professional name is Diana Villiers Negroponte.	Diana Villiers Negroponte	1947
date of birth	Mabel Beardsley (24 August 1871 - 8 May 1916) was an English Victorian actress, and elder sister of the famous illustrator, Aubrey Beardsley, who according to her brother's biographer, ``achieved mild notoriety for her exotic and flamboyant appearance''.	Mabel Beardsley	24 August 1871
date of birth	James Cromar Watt (14 July 1862 -- 19 November 1940) was a Scottish artist, architect and jeweller.	James Cromar Watt	14 July 1862
date of birth	Xu Jiayu (born 19 August 1995) is a Chinese competitive swimmer, swimming backstroke.	Xu Jiayu	19 August 1995
date of birth	Christopher Phiri (born 26 May 1975) is a Zimbabwean former List A cricketer.	Christopher Phiri	26 May 1975
date of birth	Lynn Colliar (born 22 November 1967 in St. Andrews) is a Canadian television anchor.	Lynn Colliar	22 November 1967
date of birth	Omar Ali-Shah (Hindi: ओमर अली शाह, Urdu: عمر علی شاہ‎; 1922 -- 7 September 2005) was a prominent exponent of modern Naqshbandi Sufism who lived from 1922 to 2005.	Omar Ali-Shah	1922
date of birth	Chris DeWolfe (born 1966) is an American entrepreneur, and one of the creators of Myspace (along with Tom Anderson), of which he is also the former CEO.	Chris DeWolfe	1966
date of birth	Paul Krewer (10 June 1906 -- 2000) was a German professional cyclist who won two silver and one bronze medals at the UCI Motor-paced World Championships in 1927, 1929 and 1934.	Paul Krewer	10 June 1906
date of birth	Johnson Lee (Chinese: 李思捷, born 11 April 1974) is a Hong Kong TVB actor and celebrity impersonator.	Johnson Lee	11 April 1974
date of birth	Anthony Robin Ellis (born 8 January 1942) is an English actor best known for his role as Captain Ross Poldark in 29 episodes of the BBC classic series Poldark, adapted from a series of books by the late British author Winston Graham.	Robin Ellis	8 January 1942
date of birth	Marcin Ciesielski (born 12 August 1976 in Inowrocław) is a Polish footballer (goalkeeper) who plays for Goplania Inowrocław.	Marcin Ciesielski	12 August 1976
date of birth	The Ven John Ryves (1593- 1665) was Archdeacon of Berkshire from 1634 until his death.	John Ryves	1593
date of birth	Gyula Kádár (16 December 1898 - 14 March 1982) was a Hungarian military officer who was the head of the Hungarian military intelligence from August 1943 until the occupation of Hungary by Nazi German forces during World War II. From 1912 to 1916 he studied at the Royal Hungarian Military High School, in Sopron.	Gyula Kádár	16 December 1898
date of birth	Warrick Brownlow-Pike (born 28 January 1985) is a British puppeteer.	Warrick Brownlow-Pike	28 January 1985
date of birth	Vivian Adelberg Rudow (born 1936) is an American composer, performance artist, conductor and concert producer.	Vivian Adelberg Rudow	1936
date of birth	Radovan Fuchs (born 5 September 1953) is a Croatian scientist and former Minister of Science, Education and Sport.	Radovan Fuchs	5 September 1953
date of birth	Eilert Waldemar Preben Ramm (4 May 1769 -- 15 March 1837) was a Norwegian military officer and representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly in 1814.	Eilert Waldemar Preben Ramm	1769
date of birth	Sushila Chanu Pukhrambam (born 25 February 1992) is an Indian field hockey player and is the current captain of Indian women's junior field hockey team.	Sushila Chanu	25 February 1992
date of birth	Arvid E. Gillstrom (13 August 1889 -- 21 May 1935), was a Swedish film director and screenwriter.	Arvid E. Gillstrom	13 August 1889
date of birth	Nicklas Nygren (born 6 January 1983), better known by the handle ``Nifflas'', is a Swedish video game developer.	Nicklas Nygren	6 January 1983
date of birth	William Earl Lynd (January 1955 -- May 6, 2008 in Jackson, Georgia) was an American murderer.	William Earl Lynd	January 1955
date of birth	Bryan Kneale RA (born 19 June 1930) is a Manx artist and sculptor, described by BBC News Online as ``one of the Isle of Man's best known artists.''	Bryan Kneale	19 June 1930
date of birth	Rino Della Negra (18 August 1923 -- 21 February 1944) was a French footballer who was active in the Resistance during World War Two.	Rino Della Negra	18 August 1923
date of birth	Dirar Abu Seesi or Abu Sisi (Arabic: ضرار أبو سيسي‎; born in 1969 in Jordan) was a Deputy Engineer for the Gaza Strip's sole electrical plant, which provides 25% of Gaza's power, Israel alleges that he is a Hamas weapons engineer.	Dirar Abu Seesi	1969
date of birth	Bernard Caleo (born Melbourne, 20 May 1968 ) is a Melbourne-based Australia comic artist, comic book editor, performer, and presenter.	Bernard Caleo	20 May 1968
date of birth	Henning Stensrud (born 20 August 1977) is a Norwegian former ski jumper who debuted with the Norwegian World Cup team in 1996.	Henning Stensrud	20 August 1977
date of birth	Daniel Fitter (born in Worcestershire, England, 1628; died at St. Thomas' Priory, near Stafford, 6 Feb., 1700) was an English Catholic clergyman who was affected by but managed to navigate his way through the religious strife of the late seventeenth century.	Daniel Fitter	1628
date of birth	Robert Lelangue (born 4 February 1940) is a retired Belgian cyclist who was active between 1958 and 1969.	Robert Lelangue	4 February 1940
date of birth	Adityawarman was born around 1294--1310 in Trowulan, East Java, the capital of the kingdom of Majapahit, as recorded in the poem of Pararaton.	Adityawarman	1294
date of birth	Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez (born 1940) is a Uruguayan politician, lawyer and newspaper columnist.	Gonzalo Aguirre	1940
date of birth	David Montejano (born 1948) is an American sociologist and historian.	David Montejano	1948
date of birth	Jessica Hammond (born 28 November 1994) is an Irish singer songwriter.	Jessica Hammond	1994
date of birth	Mick Schumacher (German pronunciation: (ˈmɪk ˈʃuːmaxɐ); born 22 March 1999) is a German racing driver.	Mick Schumacher	22 March 1999
date of birth	Nemanja Tubić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Тубић; born 8 April 1984) is a Serbian professional footballer who is currently playing for Haugesund.	Nemanja Tubić	8 April 1984
date of birth	Doug Ralph (10 July 1948 -- 24 February 2015) was an Australian historian, environmentalist and activist.	Doug Ralph	1948
date of birth	Michael McCrudden (born 31 July 1991) is a footballer from Northern Ireland, who currently plays for Institute.	Michael McCrudden	31 July 1991
date of birth	Bruce Beresford (born 16 August 1940) is an Australian film director who has made more than 30 feature films over a 50-year career.	Bruce Beresford	16 August 1940
date of birth	Elena Miramova (pronounced Yell-AH-na Mee-RAH-mova; 27 May 1901 -- 8 July 1992) was a Russian-born actress and playwright.	Elena Miramova	27 May 1901
date of birth	George Wheatcroft (25 December 1799 -- 17 August 1860) was an English cricketer with possibly amateur status who was active from 1831 to 1844.	George Wheatcroft	25 December 1799
date of birth	Sir Thomas William Shakespeare, 3rd Baronet (born 11 May 1966), better known as Tom Shakespeare, is an English sociologist and broadcaster.	Tom Shakespeare	11 May 1966
date of birth	Jamil Sahid Mohamed Khalil (born 1936 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) was a Lebanese-Sierra Leonean businessman and diamond tycoon who made millions of dollars in the diamond trade, fisheries, tourism and an airline.	Jamil Sahid Mohamed Khalil	1936
date of birth	Tracey Richardson (born on 26 October 1982, Hornchurch, Essex, England) is a British diver.	Tracey Richardson	26 October 1982
date of birth	Martin McNamara (born 11 November 1966) is a famous Gaelic footballer from Corofin, County Galway.	Martin McNamara	1966
date of birth	Hosbet Suresh (born 20 July 1929) is a former judge of the Bombay High Court who has led a number of commissions that investigated violations of human rights.	Hosbet Suresh	20 July 1929
date of birth	Noman Çelebicihan (Numan Çelebi Cihan) (1885--1918) was a Crimean Tatar politician, lawyer, Mufti of Crimean Muslims, and writer.	Noman Çelebicihan	1885
date of birth	Professor Henrik Verder (born 1942) is a pediatrician and the inventor of the INSURE (Intubation Surfactant Extubation) method combined with nasal CPAP (Continuous Positive Airway Pressure).	Henrik Verder	1942
date of birth	Sun Xianhong was born in Inner Mongolia in 1962, and received his bachelor's degree from Shanxi Mining College in July 1985.	Sun Xianhong	1962
date of birth	Erhan Kartal (born 1 March 1993) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right-back for Şanlıurfaspor.	Erhan Kartal	1 March 1993
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Sir David Harcourt-Smith GBE, KCB, DFC (born 14 October 1931) is a former Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at RAF Support Command.	David Harcourt-Smith	14 October 1931
date of birth	Michael Schjønberg Christensen (born 19 January 1967) is a Danish Association football manager, club official, and former player, is currently a manager without a job.	Michael Schjønberg	19 January 1967
date of birth	Pik-Sen Lim (Chinese: 林碧笙, born 15 September 1944) is a Malaysian-Chinese-British actress who has appeared on British television since the 1960s.	Pik-Sen Lim	15 September 1944
date of birth	Mary Angeline Teresa McCrory, O.Carm., (21 January 1893 -- 21 January 1984), was an Ulster-born immigrant to the United States.	Mary Angeline Teresa McCrory	21 January 1893
date of birth	John Gordon Purvis Jr. (born 1942) is man who spent nine years in prison for a murder he did not commit.	John Gordon Purvis	1942
date of birth	Azerin (Azerbaijani: Azərin) (born 9 May 1971, Baku) is an Azerbaijani singer and senior lieutenant.	Azerin	1971
date of birth	Jeremy Summers (born 1931 in St Albans) is a retired British television director and film director, best known for his directorship of ITC productions in the 1960s and 1970s, most notably The Saint.	Jeremy Summers	1931
date of birth	Geoff Holder was born in Cardiff, Wales in 1958, and grew up within the city, before later relocating to Perthshire.	Geoff Holder	1958
date of birth	Len Gaynor (born 1944) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Tipperary senior hurling team.	Len Gaynor	1944
date of birth	Basant Kumar Birla (born 4 February 1921) is an Indian businessman of the Birla family.	Basant Kumar Birla	4 February 1921
date of birth	Kolbjørn Fjeld (4 June 1901 -- 4 May 1978) was a Norwegian librarian and publisher.	Kolbjørn Fjeld	4 June 1901
date of birth	Amanda Douge (born December 1976) is an Australian actress, best known from a range of television and feature film roles.	Amanda Douge	December 1976
date of birth	Pesamino Taputai (born 20 March 1949) was the president of the Territorial Assembly of Wallis and Futuna, a French territory in the Pacific Ocean, from April 11 to December 11, 2007.	Pesamino Taputai	20 March 1949
date of birth	Janko Tumbasević (Cyrillic: Jaнкo Tумбaceвић; born 14 January 1985) is a Montenegrin football player who plays for Spartak Subotica.	Janko Tumbasević	14 January 1985
date of birth	Tanios El Khoury (born on 4 May 1930 in Saghbine, Lebanon) is an emeritus eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon.	Tanios El Khoury	4 May 1930
date of birth	Zeba Kohli (born 19 February 1966) is an Indian chocolatier, philanthropist and entrepreneur.	Zeba Kohli	19 February 1966
date of birth	Fred Begay (July 2, 1932 - April 30, 2013), also Fred Young or Clever Fox, was a Navajo/Ute nuclear physicist.	Fred Begay	1932
date of birth	Mons Lid (8 April 1896 -- 3 March 1967) was Norwegian Minister of Finance in 1955-1956.	Mons Lid	8 April 1896
date of birth	Iain Fairley (born 29 August 1973) is a rugby union player who made three appearances for the Scotland national rugby union team.	Iain Fairley	29 August 1973
date of birth	Charles Enderby (1798--1876) was one of three sons of Samuel Enderby Junior (1756-1829).	Charles Enderby	1798
date of birth	Terry Sylvester (born 8 January 1947) was the English guitarist/singer with The Escorts, The Swinging Blue Jeans (1966--69) and The Hollies.	Terry Sylvester	8 January 1947
date of birth	Odhavram (1889--1957) was an Indian religious teacher and a follower of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.	Odhavram	1889
date of birth	Peter Verhelst (28 January 1962) is a Belgian Flemish novelist, poet and dramatist.	Peter Verhelst	28 January 1962
date of birth	Mustafa Cüneyd Düzyol (born 1964) is a Turkish academic and civil servant who served as the Minister of Development in the interim election government led by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu between 22 September and 17 November 2015.	Cüneyd Düzyol	1964
date of birth	Jalmari Helander (born 21 July 1976, Helsinki) is a Finnish screenwriter and film director.	Jalmari Helander	21 July 1976
date of birth	John Lewis Phipps (1801--1870), of Leighton House, Westbury, Wiltshire, was a Brazil merchant, briefly Conservative MP for Westbury (1868) and High Sheriff of Wiltshire (1864).	John Lewis Phipps	1801
date of birth	Dag Coward (1910--2000) was a Norwegian Economist who served as the fourth rector of the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) from 1964-1972.	Dag Coward	1910
date of birth	Thomas Harpur (born 16 May 1944 in Sion Mills, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland) is an Irish former cricketer.	Thomas Harpur	16 May 1944
date of birth	Daron Joffe (born 1975) is a U.S. agribusiness and nonprofit executive who is prominent in the organic farming and biodynamic agriculture movements.	Daron Joffe	1975
date of birth	Neil R. Grabois (born 1935) is a mathematician and a former university administrator.	Neil R. Grabois	1935
date of birth	James Morone (born 1951) is an American political scientist and author, noted for his work on health politics and policy and on popular participation and morality in American politics and political development.	James Morone	1951
date of birth	Arnold Šimonek (born 19 September 1990) is a Slovak football striker who plays for FK Poprad in the DOXXbet liga.	Arnold Šimonek	19 September 1990
date of birth	Nalin Pekgul (née Baksi) (born 1967) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician.	Nalin Pekgul	1967
date of birth	Josef Obajdin (born on 7 November 1970 in Poděbrady) is a former Czech footballer striker.	Josef Obajdin	7 November 1970
date of birth	Les O'Neill (born 4 December 1943) is an English former professional football player and manager.	Les O'Neill	4 December 1943
date of birth	Adam of Fulda (ca. 1445 -- 1505) was a German musical author of the second half of the 15th century.	Adam of Fulda	1445
date of birth	Daniel London (born 1973) is an American actor, best known for his roles in Patch Adams and Rent.	Daniel London	1973
date of birth	Robert Lacey (born 3 January 1944) is a British historian and biographer.	Robert Lacey	3 January 1944
date of birth	Pamela Soprani (born 1987) is a Chilean model and a beauty pageant contestant.	Pamela Soprani	1987
date of birth	Keith Rossiter (born 16 January 1984 in Oulart, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsman.	Keith Rossiter	16 January 1984
date of birth	Nella Last (née Nellie Lord; 4 October 1889 -- 22 June 1968) was a housewife who lived in Barrow-in-Furness, Lancashire, England.	Nella Last	4 October 1889
date of birth	Aaron Shurin (born 1947) is an American poet, essayist, and educator.	Aaron Shurin	1947
date of birth	Joanna P. Adler (born 1964) is an American actress, known for her roles in Off-Broadway plays.	Joanna P. Adler	1964
date of birth	Paul Chantler (born 12 October 1959) is a radio programming consultant based in the United Kingdom.	Paul Chantler	12 October 1959
date of birth	Enzo Prono (born 27 June 1991) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Mexican club Atlante, as a striker.	Enzo Prono	27 June 1991
date of birth	Sallie Ann Glassman (born 1954) is an American practitioner of Haitian Vodou, a writer, and an artist.	Sallie Ann Glassman	1954
date of birth	Milla Saari (née Jauho; born 10 July 1975) is a Finnish former cross country skier who competed from 1994 to 2007.	Milla Saari	10 July 1975
date of birth	Keti Papanika (Greek: Καίτη Παπανίκα; born 1942), aka Ketty Papanika or Kaiti Papanika, is a Greek actress.	Keti Papanika	1942
date of birth	Louis Lasagna (22 Feb 1923 - 6 Aug 2003) was an American physician and professor of medicine, known for his revision of the Hippocratic Oath.	Louis Lasagna	1923
date of birth	William Clere Leonard Brendan Parsons, 7th Earl of Rosse (known as Brendan; born 21 October 1936), is an Irish peer.	Brendan Parsons, 7th Earl of Rosse	21 October 1936
date of birth	Moses Leavitt (1650--1730) was an early settler of Exeter, New Hampshire, where he worked as a surveyor.	Moses Leavitt	1650
date of birth	Dmitri Dovgalenok (Sometimes listed as Dmitry Dovgalenok, born 14 December 1971), is a Soviet-born Belarusian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade).	Dmitri Dovgalenok	14 December 1971
date of birth	Arun Maira (born 15 August 1943) is a management consultant and former member of Planning Commission of India.	Arun Maira	15 August 1943
date of birth	Gennaro Tutino (born 20 August 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B side Bari on loan from Napoli and also represents the Italian U-18 national team.	Gennaro Tutino	20 August 1996
date of birth	Christine Cicot (born 1964) is a French judoka, Olympic medalist and world champion.	Christine Cicot	1964
date of birth	Martin Plowman (born 3 October 1987) is a British professional racing driver from Tamworth currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship for OAK Racing.	Martin Plowman	3 October 1987
date of birth	Cathy J. Cohen (born 1962) is an American author, feminist and social activist whose work has focused on the African-American experience in politics from a perspective which is underlined by intersectionality.	Cathy J. Cohen	1962
date of birth	Michael Davis (born 1945), best known as Bugsy McGraw, is a retired American professional wrestler.	Bugsy McGraw	1945
date of birth	Bill Mayman (1 May 1887 -- 20 April 1970) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sturt in the South Australian Football League (SAFL).	Bill Mayman	1 May 1887
date of birth	Wanderley Paiva Monteiro (born 7 April 1946), commonly known as Wanderley Paiva or as Vanderlei Paiva, is a Brazilian professional football coach and former player.	Wanderley Paiva	7 April 1946
date of birth	Svetlana Guskova (born 19 August 1957) is a Moldovan runner who competed for the Soviet Union.	Svetlana Guskova	19 August 1957
date of birth	Cankurd, (born 1948 in Maydan), is a contemporary Kurdish poet and writer.	Cankurd	1948
date of birth	Cornelis Gerard Anton de Kom (22 February 1898 -- 24 April 1945) was a Surinamese resistance fighter and anti-colonialist author.	Anton de Kom	22 February 1898
date of birth	Wouter Sybrandy (born 20 February 1985) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for the Nuun-Sigma Sport-London team.	Wouter Sybrandy	20 February 1985
date of birth	DeBarra Mayo (born 1953, Omaha, Nebraska) is an American health and fitness advocate, writer and media personality.	DeBarra Mayo	1953
date of birth	Walter Sykes George CBE, FRIBA, ARCA, FIIA,FIFA (1881--1962) was an English architect active in India during the first half of the 20th century, most known for being part of the team of architects who designed New Delhi, the new capital of India, from 1911-1931.	Walter Sykes George	1881
date of birth	Iyad Ag Ghaly was born in 1954, into a noble family of the Ifogha tribal group (an influential Tuareg clan in the Kidal region).	Iyad Ag Ghaly	1954
date of birth	Kim Yusob (born 1959 in Gwangju) is a South Korean artist who lives and works in Berlin, Germany and Seoul, South Korea.	Kim Yusob	1959
date of birth	Lars Knutzon (born 1 October 1941) is a Danish actor and director, best known to international audiences for his role in the Danish TV drama Borgen.	Lars Knutzon	1 October 1941
date of birth	Séamus Bannon (born 1927) is an Irish retired sportsman.	Séamus Bannon	1927
date of birth	Rachel Goswell (born 16 May 1971) is an English singer-songwriter and musician who rose to prominence as vocalist and guitarist of the shoegaze band Slowdive.	Rachel Goswell	16 May 1971
date of birth	Jerzy Antczak (born 25 December 1929 in Włodzimierz Wołyński) is a Polish film director.	Jerzy Antczak	25 December 1929
date of birth	Frederick Boyle (1841-1914) was an English author, journalist, barrister, and orchid fancier.	Frederick Boyle	1841
date of birth	Bertha Frensel Wegener-Koopman (17 September 1874, Bloemendaal -- 17 July 1953, Amsterdam) was a Dutch composer and music educator.	Bertha Frensel Wegener	17 September 1874
date of birth	Jimmy Daly (born 1905, date of death unknown) was an Irish football player.	Jimmy Daly	1905
date of birth	Richard Royston (1601, Oxford -- November 1686) was an English bookseller and publisher, bookseller to Charles I, Charles II and James II. Royston, the son of an Oxford tailor Richard Royston and Alice Tideman, was admitted a freeman of the Stationers' Company in 1627.	Richard Royston	1601
date of birth	Michael Parkes (born in 1944 in Sikeston, Missouri) is an American-born artist living in Spain who is best known for work in the areas of fantasy art and magic realism.	Michael Parkes	1944
date of birth	Born in 1947, Ajahn Candasiri was raised as a Christian in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Ajahn Candasiri	1947
date of birth	Pilar Savone (born June 16, 1971) is a film producer and assistant director.	Pilar Savone	1971
date of birth	Sir Frederick Oscar Warren Loomis (1870--1937) enlisted as a private in the Canadian Militia in 1886 and served there until retiring in 1919.	Frederick Oscar Warren Loomis	1870
date of birth	Bart Cambré (born 1970) is a Belgian organizational theorist, Associate Professor of Business Research Methods and Research director at the Antwerp Management School, and consultant, known for his work on voluntary and temporary organizations.	Bart Cambré	1970
date of birth	Christopher Bono (pronounced /ˈboʊnoʊ/) (born 1979) is an American composer, producer, and songwriter.	Christopher Bono	1979
date of birth	Hans Henrich Hock (born September 26, 1938) is Professor Emeritus of Linguistics and Sanskrit at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Hans Henrich Hock	1938
date of birth	Fred D'Ignazio (born January 6, 1949 in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania) is an American author, educator, and television commentator.	Fred D'Ignazio	1949
date of birth	Richard Marshal, 3rd Earl of Pembroke (1191 -- 16 April 1234) was the son of William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke and brother of William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke, whom he succeeded to the Earldom of Pembroke and Lord Marshal of England upon his brother's death on 6 April 1231.	Richard Marshal, 3rd Earl of Pembroke	1191
date of birth	Behrouz Rahbar (Persian: بهروز رهبر‎, born 23 September 1945) is a Iranian former cyclist.	Behrouz Rahbar	23 September 1945
date of birth	Percy Sutcliffe (1889 -- after 1923) was an English footballer who made 72 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre half for Darlington and Hartlepools United in the 1920s.	Percy Sutcliffe	1889
date of birth	Rens Blom (born 1 March 1977) is a Dutch athlete competing in pole vault.	Rens Blom	1 March 1977
date of birth	Vicky Parnov (born 24 October 1990 in Moscow, Russia) is an Australian athlete who competes in pole vault.	Vicky Parnov	24 October 1990
date of birth	John M. Puente (born 1971) is a fifth generation Sacramentan currently serving as Vice Chair of the City of Sacramento's Utilities Rate Advisory Commission.	John M. Puente	1971
date of birth	The Honourable Hugh Hare (1668 -- 1707) was an English translator and politician.	Hugh Hare	1668
date of birth	Leroy S. Bendheim (February 12, 1906 -- June 18, 1987) was a two-term mayor of Alexandria, Virginia and three-term Virginia state senator.	Leroy S. Bendheim	1906
date of birth	Jacques Kosciusco-Morizet (or Kosciusko) (31 January 1913 -- 15 May 1994) was a noted French university professor and diplomat.	Jacques Kosciusco-Morizet	31 January 1913
date of birth	John D. Zeglis (born 1947) served as the President of AT&T and the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of AT&T Wireless.	John D. Zeglis	1947
date of birth	Dave Ladley (born 29 September 1975) is an English darts player that competes in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Dave Ladley	29 September 1975
date of birth	Emma Ihrer (3 January 1857 -- 8 January 1911) was a German feminist and trade unionist who was active in founding societies to defend the rights of women workers.	Emma Ihrer	3 January 1857
date of birth	Andrew Hacker (born 1929) is an American political scientist and public intellectual.	Andrew Hacker	1929
date of birth	Georgios Saridakis (Greek: Γεώργιος Σαριδάκης, born 1885, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete who competed mainly in the 3000 metre walk.	Georgios Saridakis	1885
date of birth	Ali Rahmani (علی رحمانی) was born in Kashmar (25 May 1967).	Ali Rahmani	25 May 1967
date of birth	Sir William Wilde, 1st Baronet (ca. 1611 -- 23 November 1679) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Sir William Wilde, 1st Baronet	1611
date of birth	John McLevy (born Dundee, Scotland, 2 January 1927 -- 27 November 2002) was a Scottish jazz trumpeter.	John McLevy	2 January 1927
date of birth	Pavlos Kontides (Greek: Παύλος Κοντίδης, born 11 February 1990) is a Cypriot sailor.	Pavlos Kontides	11 February 1990
date of birth	Souhalia Alamou (born 31 December 1979) is a retired Beninese athlete specialising in the sprinting events.	Souhalia Alamou	31 December 1979
date of birth	Reinardt Janse van Rensburg (born 3 February 1989) is a South African professional road bicycle racer who rides for South African UCI Professional Continental team MTN-Qhubeka.	Reinardt Janse van Rensburg	3 February 1989
date of birth	Brian L. Burgess (born January, 1951) is a justice of the Vermont Supreme Court, serving on the high court since 2005.	Brian L. Burgess	1951
date of birth	Barry May (born 1 November 1944) is a South African-born former English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Oxford University in the early 1970s.	Barry May	1 November 1944
date of birth	Shlomo Dayan (Hebrew: שלמה דיין‎, born 6 November 1952) is an Israeli rabbi and former politician.	Shlomo Dayan	6 November 1952
date of birth	Mogens Frey Jensen (born 2 July 1941) is a retired Danish amateur cyclist who competed successfully both on the road and on track.	Mogens Frey	2 July 1941
date of birth	Obo Aba Hisanjani (24 November 1949) is a Nigerian poet.	Obo Aba Hisanjani	24 November 1949
date of birth	Emma Rendel, born 1976 in Uppsala is a Swedish graphic novel author, artist and illustrator who lives and works in Stockholm.	Emma Rendel	1976
date of birth	Juan Maeso (born in 1942) is a Spanish anaesthetist infected with hepatitis C who was sentenced to 1,933 years in prison for infecting hundreds of patients with the virus.	Juan Maeso	1942
date of birth	Salih Šehović (born 22 November 1936) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer who spent most of his career in FK Sarajevo.	Salih Šehović	22 November 1936
date of birth	Paolo Malco (born 10 April 1947) is an Italian film actor, best known for his roles in horror films, and later in many Italian TV mini-series.	Paolo Malco	10 April 1947
date of birth	John Merlo (1912 - August 9, 1992) was an American politician, who served for seven terms as an Illinois State Representative, for three years as an Illinois state senator, as well as for two years as a Chicago City Council alderman for Chicago's 44th Ward.	John Merlo	1912
date of birth	Shafiul Islam (Bengali: শফিউল ইসলাম, born 6 October 1989) is a Bangladeshi cricketer.	Shafiul Islam	6 October 1989
date of birth	Mary Erskine (1629 -- 2 June 1707) was a Scottish businesswoman and philanthropist, who donated money to set up the girls' school which is now known as The Mary Erskine School and also the Trades Maiden Hospital (now known as the Trades Maiden Fund).	Mary Erskine	1629
date of birth	Dame Tamsyn Imison, DBE (b. 1 May 1937) was a prominent British educator and ``educational strategist'' whose first career was as a scientific illustrator.	Tamsyn Imison	1 May 1937
date of birth	Igor Yevgrafov (Russian: Игорь Евграфов; born 1955) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 1500 m freestyle event at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships He also won national titles in the same event in 1973 and 1975 and set a European record in the 800 m freestyle in 1975.	Igor Yevgrafov	1955
date of birth	Conor O'Mahony (born 18 October 1984) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Tipperary senior team from 2005 up to 2015.	Conor O'Mahony	18 October 1984
date of birth	Sir John Bourchier, 2nd Earl of Bath, PC (1499 in Devon -- 10 February 1560/61) was an Earl in the peerage of England.	John Bourchier, 2nd Earl of Bath	1499
date of birth	Constantin Cristescu (2 December 1866 -- 9 May 1923) was a Romanian General during World War I, and Chief of Staff of the Romanian Army.	Constantin Cristescu	1866
date of birth	Steve J. Langdon (b. 1948) is an American anthropologist noted for his work with the Tlingit people of southeastern Alaska.	Steve J. Langdon	1948
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Cecil Campbell Balfour CIE CVO CBE MC (8 December 1884 -- 16 April 1965) was a British military officer and colonial administrator.	Francis Cecil Campbell Balfour	8 December 1884
date of birth	Chris Geddes (born 15 October 1975) is the keyboardist for and a founding member of the Scottish indie pop band Belle & Sebastian.	Chris Geddes	15 October 1975
date of birth	Hasan Yousefi Eshkevari (born 1950) is an Iranian cleric, researcher, journalist, reformist and former political prisoner.	Hasan Yousefi Eshkevari	1950
date of birth	Edhem Bičakčić (c. 1884 -- 31 December 1941) was a Bosnian politician who became the only Mayor of Sarajevo to serve two nonconsecutive terms, first from 1928 to 1929, then again from 1935 to 1939.	Edhem Bičakčić	1884
date of birth	Seraina Mischol (born 1 December 1981) is a Swiss skier competing in cross country skiing.	Seraina Mischol	1 December 1981
date of birth	Nigel Ah Wong (born 30 May 1990) is a rugby union footballer who can play either as a loose forward or as an Outside Centre.	Nigel Ah Wong	30 May 1990
date of birth	Aldo Di Clemente (born 1948) is an Italian amateur astronomer (active 1996--1997).	Aldo Di Clemente	1948
date of birth	Pieter van Bleiswijk (1724, Delft -- October 29, 1790, The Hague ) was grand pensionary of Holland from December 1, 1772 to November 1787.	Pieter van Bleiswijk	1724
date of birth	Peter Rowley-Conwy, FSA (born 1951, Copenhagen, Denmark) is an archaeologist and academic.	Peter Rowley-Conwy	1951
date of birth	Mykhailo Bolotskykh (Ukrainian: Михайло Васильович Болотських; Russian: Михаил Васильевич Болотских; born 28 October 1960) is a Ukrainian statesman and military serviceman, Colonel General (Civil Defense Service).	Mykhailo Bolotskykh	28 October 1960
date of birth	Seamus Blake (born 8 December 1970) is a Canadian tenor saxophonist.	Seamus Blake	December 1970
date of birth	Mahvash Shafaei (Persian: مهوش شفاعی‎; born 15 May 1956) is an Iranian fencer.	Mahvash Shafaei	15 May 1956
date of birth	Zhou Tiehai (Chinese: 周铁海; born 1966) is a contemporary Chinese artist whose art work attempts to satirize much of modern Chinese art. Zhou does not paint his own works, though he earned an arts degree from the School of Fine Arts at Shanghai University in 1989.	Zhou Tiehai	1966
date of birth	Katriona Mackey (born 1992 in Cork) is a camogie player and an accountant, winner of an All Ireland camogie medal in 2009.	Katriona Mackey	1992
date of birth	Renato Talamini (born 19 November 1948) is an Italian Epidemiologist.	Renato Talamini	19 November 1948
date of birth	Derkoi is a musician from Kingston upon Hull, England real name Steve Cawood who is also an award winning filmmaker & visual effects artist, born in Kingston upon Hull on 18 February 1977.	Derkoi	18 February 1977
date of birth	Leo Sewell (born 7 September 1945 ) is an American ``found object'' artist.	Leo Sewell	7 September 1945
date of birth	Luis P. Valdivieso (ca. 1845 - ca. 1920) was the Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico in 1905.	Luis P. Valdivieso	1845
date of birth	Sigmund von Haimhausen (28 December 1708 -- 16 January 1793) was a Bavarian aristocrat, mining operator, head of the Bavarian Mint and Mines commission, porcelain manufacturer and first president of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences.	Sigmund von Haimhausen	28 December 1708
date of birth	Esteban Siller Garza (17 April 1931 -- 23 October 2013) was a Mexican voice actor from Monterrey, Nuevo León.	Esteban Siller	17 April 1931
date of birth	Irene Dölling (also known as Irene Mayer-Dölling) (born 23 December 1942) is a German sociologist.	Irene Dölling	23 December 1942
date of birth	Laurent Roussey (born 27 December 1961) is a French former footballer, who played as a striker and current manager.	Laurent Roussey	27 December 1961
date of birth	Van de León (born 1925) was a Filipino actor known for his villain roles under Sampaguita Pictures where he played villain, and yet sometimes he played a father roles for some of the Sampaguita's player.	Van de León	1925
date of birth	Levi Asher (born Marc Eliot Stein; 18 November 1961 in Queens, New York) is a New York-based writer, blogger and web developer responsible for Literary Kicks, one of the earliest popular literary websites and now the oldest continuously-running literary website on the Internet.	Levi Asher	18 November 1961
date of birth	Attila Grandpierre (born 4 July 1951) is a Hungarian musician, astrophysicist, physicist, self-taught historian, writer and poet.	Attila Grandpierre	4 July 1951
date of birth	Maja Hoffmann (born 1956) is an avid Swiss art collector, art patron, documentary filmmaker, impresario, and entrepreneur.	Maja Hoffmann	1956
date of birth	Feng Jialiang (Chinese: 封加梁; b. 1966) is a painter from Wuxi, Jiangsu province, China, specializing in oil painting.	Feng Jialiang	1966
date of birth	Renen Schorr (Hebrew: רנן שור‎; born Jerusalem, Israel, 1952) is a film director, screenwriter, film producer.	Renen Schorr	1952
date of birth	Harvey Withers (born 26 October 1965) is a British author and military antiques dealer.	Harvey Withers	26 October 1965
date of birth	Drew Cheshire (born 6 September 1991) is an English professional rugby union player who plays for Moseley.	Drew Cheshire	6 September 1991
date of birth	Hisashi Yokoshima (横島 久、born 28 December 1957) is a retired Japanese racing driver.	Hisashi Yokoshima	28 December 1957
date of birth	Prommin Lertsuridej, M.D. (Thai:พรหมินทร์ เลิศสุริย์เดช) (born 5 November 1954) was a Thai politician, former student leader, former Secretary General to Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, former Deputy Prime Minister in charge of economic affairs, and former Minister of Energy in the Thaksin government.	Prommin Lertsuridej	5 November 1954
date of birth	Worth G. Ross (19 April 1854 -- 24 March 1916) is known as the third Commandant of the Coast Guard, although he was never formally appointed to that position.	Worth G. Ross	19 April 1854
date of birth	Nikoloz Mnatobishvili (Georgian: ნიკა მნათობიშვილი; born 27 September 1992) is a Georgian footballer playing currently for FC Gagra.	Nikoloz Mnatobishvili	27 September 1992
date of birth	Terenc Toçi was born Terenzio Tocci on 9 March 1880 in San Cosmo Albanese, Calabria, Kingdom of Italy, so he was Italian by birth .	Terenc Toçi	9 March 1880
date of birth	Mark Buckley (born 25 August 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton, St Kilda and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Mark Buckley	25 August 1962
date of birth	Emma Donoghue (born 24 October 1969) is an Irish-Canadian playwright, literary historian, novelist, and screenwriter.	Emma Donoghue	24 October 1969
director	The Land of the Wandering Souls, or La terre des âmes errantes, is a 2000 French-Cambodian documentary film directed by Rithy Panh.	The Land of the Wandering Souls	Rithy Panh
director	The Great Prince Shan is a 1924 British silent drama film directed by A.E. Coleby and featuring Sessue Hayakawa, Ivy Duke, Tsuru Aoki, Valia, David Hawthorne, Fred Raynham and Henry Vibart in important roles.	The Great Prince Shan	A.E. Coleby
director	A Slipping-Down Life is a 1999 romantic drama film directed by Toni Kalem.	A Slipping-Down Life	Toni Kalem
director	Chicago Cab, also known as Hellcab, is a 1997 American film directed by Mary Cybulski and John Tintori.	Chicago Cab	Mary Cybulski
director	Breakup Buddies is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy and road film, directed by Ning Hao.	Breakup Buddies	Ning Hao
director	Kirai Dada is a 1987 Telugu film drama produced by V.Doraswamy Raju on VMC Productions, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.	Kirai Dada	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	The Law They Forgot (Spanish: La ley que olvidaron) is a 1938 Argentine musical film drama directed by José A. Ferreyra.	The Law They Forgot	José A. Ferreyra
director	Ilona Arrives with the Rain (Spanish: Ilona llega con la lluvia, Italian: Ilona arriva con la pioggia) is a 1996 Colombian-Spanish-Italian drama film directed by Sergio Cabrera.	Ilona Arrives with the Rain	Sergio Cabrera
director	Me and Morrison (Finnish: Minä ja Morrison) is a 2001 Finnish romantic drama film directed by Lenka Hellstedt.	Me and Morrison	Lenka Hellstedt
director	Bandhak is a South Asian American film directed by Hyder Bilgrami and produced by Ramzan Lakhani.	Bandhak	Hyder Bilgrami
director	These Are the Rules (Croatian: Takva su pravila) is a Croatian 2014 drama film written and directed by Ognjen Sviličić.	These Are the Rules	Ognjen Sviličić
director	Jalolsavam is a 2004 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Sibi Malayil, starring Kunchacko Boban and Navya Nair in lead roles.	Jalolsavam	Sibi Malayil
director	The Black Duke (Italian: Il duca nero) is a 1963 Italian historical adventure film directed by Pino Mercanti.	The Black Duke	Pino Mercanti
director	Santiago Files, directed by Cetywa Powell, is a documentary film about Salvador Allende's topple from Chile's unstable government and the players in his downfall: the CIA, Chile's military, and Allende himself.	Santiago Files	Cetywa Powell
director	Vanya on 42nd Street is a 1994 film by Louis Malle and Andre Gregory.	Vanya on 42nd Street	Louis Malle
director	Johnny Flynton (2002) is a short film directed and co-written by Lexi Alexander.	Johnny Flynton	Lexi Alexander
director	You Can't Save Yourself Alone (Italian: Nessuno si salva da solo) is a 2015 Italian romantic drama film directed by Sergio Castellitto.	You Can't Save Yourself Alone	Sergio Castellitto
director	Le Boulet is a French film directed by Alain Berbérian and Frédéric Forestier, released in 2002.	Le Boulet	Alain Berbérian	Frédéric Forestier
director	Chandi Kori is a 2015 Indian Tulu film directed by Devadas Kapikad also appearing in a supporting role.	Chandi Kori	Devadas Kapikad
director	Mon père avait raison is a 1996 French TV movie directed by Roger Vadim starring Marie-Christine Barrault, Claude Rich and Nicolas Vaude.	Mon père avait raison	Roger Vadim
director	Mystery of the Wax Museum is a 1933 American Pre-Code mystery-horror film released by Warner Bros. in two-color Technicolor and directed by Michael Curtiz.	Mystery of the Wax Museum	Michael Curtiz
director	Black Is White is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Dorothy Dalton and directed by Charles Giblyn.	Black Is White	Charles Giblyn
director	Jana Nayaka (Kannada: ಜನ ನಾಯಕ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Bhargava and Rajaram.	Jana Nayaka	H. R. Bhargava
director	Lu, the Coquette (Hungarian: Lu, a kokott) is a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Lu, the Coquette	Michael Curtiz
director	A Further Gesture is a 1997 film directed by Robert Dornhelm.	A Further Gesture	Robert Dornhelm
director	Which Woman? is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning and Harry A. Pollard.	Which Woman?	Tod Browning	Harry A. Pollard
director	Daltry Calhoun is a 2005 comedy film, written and directed by Katrina Holden Bronson and produced by Danielle Renfrew, Erica Steinberg, Quentin Tarantino, and Todd King.	Daltry Calhoun	Katrina Holden Bronson
director	Wars and Treasure (Persian: جنگ و گنج‎) is a 2000 Iranian drama film directed by Hossein Shahabi (Persian: حسین شهابی)	Wars and Treasure	Hossein Shahabi
director	She-Devils on Wheels is a 1968 American exploitation film about an all-female motorcycle gang called The Man-Eaters, directed and produced by Herschell Gordon Lewis.	She-Devils on Wheels	Herschell Gordon Lewis
director	Zinda Lash (The Living Corpse) is a 1932 Indian costume drama directed by Premankur Atorthy.	Zinda Lash	Premankur Atorthy
director	Death of a Legend was the first of three documentary films by Bill Mason about wolves, helping to dispel the image of wolves as ``evil'' and demonstrating their role in maintaining the balance of nature.	Death of a Legend	Bill Mason
director	West 32nd is a 2007 film and the second feature film by Michael Kang.	West 32nd	Michael Kang
director	Marked for Death is a 1990 American action film directed by Dwight H. Little.	Marked for Death	Dwight H. Little
director	Rekrut 67, Petersen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Poul Bang.	Rekrut 67, Petersen	Poul Bang
director	Rabhasa (English: Passion) is a 2014 Telugu action masala film written and directed by Santosh Srinivas.	Rabhasa	Santosh Srinivas
director	Clear All Wires! is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film directed by George W. Hill and written by Bella Spewack, Sam Spewack and Delmer Daves.	Clear All Wires!	George W. Hill
director	Dominick and Eugene is a 1988 American drama film directed by Robert M. Young about twin brothers, Dominick and Eugene.	Dominick and Eugene	Robert M. Young
director	L'uomo dagli occhi di ghiaccio (internationally released as The Man with Icy Eyes) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Alberto De Martino.	The Man with Icy Eyes	Alberto De Martino
director	My Life with Morrissey is a 2003 independent feature film written, produced and directed by Andrew Overtoom.	My Life with Morrissey	Andrew Overtoom
director	Due once di piombo (internationally released as My Name Is Pecos, also known as Il mio nome è Pecos) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.	My Name Is Pecos	Maurizio Lucidi
director	Kann Sivanthaal Mann Sivakkum (When eyes turn red, the soil too will) is a 1983 Tamil film directed by debutant Sreedhar Rajan.	Kann Sivanthaal Mann Sivakkum	Sreedhar Rajan
director	The Fighting Blade is an American silent film directed by John S. Robertson and released in 1923.	The Fighting Blade	John S. Robertson
director	The Mystery of the Mary Celeste (1935) is one of the early films from Hammer Film Productions and was directed by Denison Clift.	The Mystery of the Mary Celeste	Denison Clift
director	Karuppu Vellai (Tamil: கருப்பு வெள்ளை) is a 1993 Indian Tamil film, directed by Manobala and produced by B. Venkatrama Reddy.	Karuppu Vellai	Manobala
director	Mudda Mandaram (Telugu: ముద్ద మందారం) is a 1981 Telugu Drama film written and directed by Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry.	Mudda Mandaram	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
director	Gambling Daughters is a 1941 American mystery film directed by Max Nosseck and starring Cecilia Parker, Roger Pryor and Robert Baldwin.	Gambling Daughters	Max Nosseck
director	En Thambi (Tamil: என் தம்பி) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film, directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar.	En Thambi	A. C. Tirulokchandar
director	Krishna Leele (Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಲೀಲೆ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada drama film directed by D. Rajendra Babu and produced by Rockline Venkatesh.	Krishna Leele	D. Rajendra Babu
director	A Couple of Down and Outs is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring Edna Best, Rex Davis and George Foley.	A Couple of Down and Outs	Walter Summers
director	Pooparika Varugirom (English: We are coming to Steal Flowers) is a 1999 Tamil language film directed by A. Venkatesh.	Pooparika Varugirom	A. Venkatesh
director	I Am a Ghost, is a 2012 American horror film directed by H.P. Mendoza.	I Am a Ghost	H.P. Mendoza
director	Hogan's Romance Upset is a 1915 short comedy film directed by Charles Avery and featuring both Fatty Arbuckle and Harold Lloyd in uncredited roles as a spectators.	Hogan's Romance Upset	Charles Avery
director	Dance Me Outside is a 1994 drama film directed and co-written by Bruce McDonald.	Dance Me Outside	Bruce McDonald
director	I Hate Blondes (Italian: Odio le bionde) is a 1980 Italian crime comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani.	I Hate Blondes	Giorgio Capitani
director	Boond Jo Ban Gayee Moti (English: The Drop That Became a Pearl) is a 1967 Hindi social drama film, produced & directed by V. Shantaram on Rajkamal Kalamandir banner.	Boond Jo Ban Gayee Moti	V. Shantaram
director	It's a Wonderful Afterlife is a 2010 British comedy film directed by Gurinder Chadha.	It's a Wonderful Afterlife	Gurinder Chadha
director	The Coming of the Padres is a 1914 American silent short film Western film directed by Lorimer Johnston.	The Coming of the Padres	Lorimer Johnston
director	Madea's Family Reunion is a 2006 comedy-drama film adaptation of the stage production of the same name written by Tyler Perry and sequel to Diary of a Mad Black Woman.	Madea's Family Reunion	Tyler Perry
director	Jack the Dog is a 2001 American comedy-drama film, written and directed by Bobby Roth and starring Nestor Carbonell, Barbara Williams, Barry Newman, and Anthony LaPaglia.	Jack the Dog	Bobby Roth
director	Touched By Evil, is a 1997 television drama film directed by James A. Contner.	Touched By Evil	James A. Contner
director	Drums of Africa is a 1963 adventure film set in Africa, directed by James B. Clark.	Drums of Africa	James B. Clark
director	Two Gophers from Texas is a 1948 Merrie Melodies short starring the Goofy Gophers directed by Arthur Davis and produced by Eddie Selzer.	Two Gophers from Texas	Arthur Davis
director	Sabotage at Sea is a 1942 British, black-and-white, drama, mystery, war film, directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Jane Carr, Margaretta Scott, David Hutcheson and Ronald Shiner as Ernie the Cook.	Sabotage at Sea	Leslie S. Hiscott
director	Countess Sarah (Italian:La contessa Sara) is a 1919 Italian silent film directed by Roberto Roberti and starring Francesca Bertini.	Countess Sarah	Roberto Roberti
director	Deduce, You Say! is a 1956 Warner Bros. cartoon short of the Looney Tunes series, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese, with musical arrangements by Milt Franklyn.	Deduce, You Say!	Chuck Jones
director	Is Your Daughter Safe?, also known as The Octopus, was an early silent exploitation film produced and directed by S. S. Millard.	Is Your Daughter Safe?	S. S. Millard
director	Nadia and the Hippos (French: Nadia et les hippopotames) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Dominique Cabrera.	Nadia and the Hippos	Dominique Cabrera
director	A Cry for Help is a 1912 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	A Cry for Help	D. W. Griffith
director	Njan Gandharvan (Malayalam: ഞാന്‍ ഗന്ധര്‍വന്‍, translation: I, Celestial Lover) is a 1991 Malayalam fantasy romance film written and directed by P. Padmarajan.	Njan Gandharvan	P. Padmarajan
director	Air Devils is a 1938 American comedy and action film directed by John Rawlins, based on an original story, ``The Fighting Marines'' by Harold Buckley.	Air Devils	John Rawlins
director	Directed by Tom Cherones, ``The Ex-Girlfriend'' was the first episode of the show filmed at CBS Studio Center in Los Angeles, California, the previous season having been filmed at Desilu Cahuenga in Hollywood.	The Ex-Girlfriend	Tom Cherones
director	You Don't Have to Die is a 1988 American short documentary film about a young boy's successful battle against cancer, directed by Malcolm Clarke and Bill Guttentag.	You Don't Have to Die	Bill Guttentag
director	Veera Madakari (English: Brave Madakari) is a 2009 Kannada action thriller film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep, Ragini Dwivedi in the lead roles.	Veera Madakari	Sudeep
director	Nightclub Hostess (French title:L'Entraîneuse) is a 1940 French language motion picture drama directed by Albert Valentin.	Nightclub Hostess	Albert Valentin
director	The Runestone is an American 1991 adventure/horror film, the first film written and directed by Willard Carroll.	The Runestone	Willard Carroll
director	Stealing a Nation was written and directed by John Pilger, and produced and directed by Christopher Martin; reconstruction footage was directed by Sean Crotty.	Stealing a Nation	John Pilger
director	3X3D is a 2014 anthology film comprising three short 3D films directed by French/Swiss filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard, British filmmaker Peter Greenaway and Portuguese filmmaker Edgar Pêra.	3X3D	Jean-Luc Godard	Peter Greenaway	Edgar Pêra
director	The Police Commissioner (Italian: Il commissario) is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini.	The Police Commissioner	Luigi Comencini
director	Spring in Park Lane is a 1948 British romantic comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox.	Spring in Park Lane	Herbert Wilcox
director	Saandhram is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thaha and produced by Thaha and Asokan.	Saandhram	Thaha
director	He Learned About Women is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Lloyd Corrigan and written by Lloyd Corrigan, Ray Harris and Harlan Thompson.	He Learned About Women	Lloyd Corrigan
director	Murder at 1600 is a 1997 American thriller film directed by Dwight H. Little.	Murder at 1600	Dwight H. Little
director	How Hitler Lost the War is a 1989 World War II documentary created and produced by David Hoffman and Robert Denny, and narrated by Norman Rose.	How Hitler Lost the War	David Hoffman
director	Scary Movie 3 is a 2003 American science fiction horror comedy film, which parodies the horror, sci-fi, and mystery genres, as well as the third film of the Scary Movie franchise, and the first to be directed by David Zucker.	Scary Movie 3	David Zucker
director	Just Pals is a 1920 American Pre-Code Western film directed by John Ford, and was Ford's first film for Fox Film Corporation.	Just Pals	John Ford
director	Seeing the World, also known as A Roamin' Holiday, is a 1927 silent Our Gang film, directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan.	Seeing the World	Robert F. McGowan	Robert A. McGowan
director	Of Horses and Men (Icelandic: Hross í oss) is a 2013 Icelandic drama film written and directed by Benedikt Erlingsson and produced by fellow director Friðrik Þór Friðriksson.	Of Horses and Men	Benedikt Erlingsson
director	The Kid with the Golden Arm (original title: Jin Bei Tong/Gam Bei Tung (Cantonese)) is a 1979 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by Mona Fong.	Kid with the Golden Arm	Chang Cheh
director	Wind Echoing in My Being (Hangul: 내 안 에 우는 바람; RR: Nae-an-e uneun balam) is a 1997 South Korean short film directed by Jeon Soo-il.	Wind Echoing in My Being	Jeon Soo-il
director	The Glass Sphinx (Italian: La sfinge d'oro) is an Italian-American 1967 adventure film directed by Luigi Scattini.	The Glass Sphinx	Luigi Scattini
director	The Book of Law (French: Livre de loi; Persian: کتاب قانون‎, transliteration: Ketabe ghanoun) is a 2009 Iranian film directed by Maziar Miri, written by Mohammad Rahmanian, and produced by Mohsen AliAkbari.	The Book of Law	Maziar Miri
director	Namaste Madam (Kannada: ನಮಸ್ತೆ ಮೇಡಂ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada drama film directed by R. Raghuraj and produced by Ravi Garani.	Namaste Madam	R. Raghuraj
director	Shivering Shakespeare is an Our Gang short film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym ``Anthony Mack''.	Shivering Shakespeare	Robert A. McGowan
director	Castle Sinister was a 1932 British horror film produced, written and directed by Widgey R. Newman.	Castle Sinister	Widgey R. Newman
director	Tanjuska and the 7 Devils (Finnish: Tanjuska ja 7 perkelettä) is a 1993 documentary film by Finnish director Pirjo Honkasalo about a ten-year-old Belarusian girl who is believed to have been possessed by the devil.	Tanjuska and the 7 Devils	Pirjo Honkasalo
director	A Little Madonna is a 1914 American silent drama film, directed by Ulysses Davis.	A Little Madonna	Ulysses Davis
director	Annai Kaligambal is a 2003 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan.	Annai Kaligambal	Rama Narayanan
director	Sazaye Maut (English:Death Penalty) is 1981 Indian film directed and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra.	Sazaye Maut	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
director	Vaai Kozhuppu (Tamil: வாய்க்கொழுப்பு) is a 1989 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Ramaswamy Govind and Muktha S. Ravi.	Vaai Kozhuppu	Muktha Srinivasan
director	This Ain't Charmed XXX is a 2010 pornographic film directed by Axel Braun.	This Ain't Charmed XXX	Axel Braun
director	Ezhavathu Manithan (lit. The Seventh Man) is a 1982 Indian Tamil film co-written and directed by K. Hariharan.	Ezhavathu Manithan	K. Hariharan
director	Yatchan is an 2015 Indian Tamil action comedy film co written, co-produced and directed by Vishnuvardhan.	Yatchan	Vishnuvardhan
director	Janie Gets Married is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Vincent Sherman and written by Agnes Christine Johnston.	Janie Gets Married	Vincent Sherman
director	The Englishman Who Went up a Hill but Came down a Mountain is a 1995 British film with a story by Ifor David Monger and Ivor Monger, written and directed by Christopher Monger.	The Englishman Who Went up a Hill but Came down a Mountain	Christopher Monger
director	Premigala Saval (Kannada: ಪ್ರೇಮಿಗಳ ಸವಾಲ್) is a 1984 Kannada film directed by V. Somashekhar.	Premigala Saval	V. Somashekhar
director	Babysitter Massacre is a 2013 horror film written and directed by Henrique Couto.	Babysitter Massacre	Henrique Couto
director	Three Faces of Sin (French: Le Puits aux trois vérités) is a 1961 French language motion picture comedy directed by François Villiers, based on novel by Jean-Jaques Gauthier.	Three Faces of Sin	François Villiers
director	The New Exploits of Elaine is a 1915 American action film serial directed by Louis J. Gasnier, Leopold Wharton and Theodore Wharton.	The New Exploits of Elaine	Louis J. Gasnier	Leopold Wharton	Theodore Wharton
director	Osmosis Jones is a 2001 American live-action/animated buddy cop comedy film directed by Tom Sito and Piet Kroon for the animated segments and the Farrelly brothers for the live-action ones.	Osmosis Jones	Tom Sito
director	The Big Broadcast of 1936 is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Norman Taurog, and is the second in the series of Big Broadcast movies.	The Big Broadcast of 1936	Norman Taurog
director	Greptar is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha and produced by Rashika Chatterjee under the banner of Maa Karunamoyee Films.	Greptar	Swapan Saha
director	Khela (Bengali: খেলা ``Game'') (2008) is a Bengali film by Rituparno Ghosh.	Khela	Rituparno Ghosh
director	Ban Geum-ryeon (Hangul: 반금련; also known as The Story of Pan Kumyon) is a 1982 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Ban Geum-ryeon	Kim Ki-young
director	Time of Vacation (Italian: Tempo di villeggiatura) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Racioppi, at his directorial debut.	Time of Vacation	Antonio Racioppi
director	Sky Giant (aka Ground Crew and Northern Flight) is a 1938 drama film directed by Lew Landers.	Sky Giant	Lew Landers
director	Mothlight is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, released in 1963.	Mothlight	Stan Brakhage
director	Lump Sugar (각설탕 ) is a 2006 South Korean film directed by Lee Hwan-kyung and starring actress Im Soo-jung.	Lump Sugar	Lee Hwan-kyung
director	Come Come Come Upward (Hangul: 아제 아제 바라 아제; RR: Aje Aje Bara Aje) is a 1989 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.	Come Come Come Upward	Im Kwon-taek
director	The Murderers are Coming (Russian: Убийцы выходят на дорогу, Ubiytsi vikhodyat na dorogu) is a 1942 Soviet film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Yuri Tarich based on the play Fear and Misery of the Third Reich by Bertolt Brecht.	The Murderers are Coming	Vsevolod Pudovkin
director	Big Calibre is a 1935 American horror Western film produced by Supreme Pictures and directed by Robert N. Bradbury.	Big Calibre	Robert N. Bradbury
director	The Arizonian is a 1935 American western film directed by Charles Vidor from an original screenplay by Academy Award winner Dudley Nichols.	The Arizonian	Charles Vidor
director	Oh Mong-nyeo (오몽녀) is a 1937 Korean film, the last film directed by Na Woon-gyu.	Oh Mong-nyeo	Na Woon-gyu
director	Thulladha Manamum Thullum (English: (lit.) Hearts That Don't Jump, Will Jump) is a 1999 Tamil romantic film directed by Ezhil.	Thulladha Manamum Thullum	Ezhil
director	The Movie Orgy is a 1968 film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Jon Davison.	The Movie Orgy	Joe Dante
director	2 A. M. in the Subway is a one shot, 53 second-long comedy filmed, and probably directed, by Billy Bitzer on 5 June 1905 at the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company's (AM&B) studio on 14th Street (Manhattan) in New York City.	2 A. M. in the Subway	Billy Bitzer
director	Poikkal Kudhirai is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian comedy feature film directed by K. Balachander and produced by Kalaivani.	Poikkal Kudhirai	K. Balachander
director	The Warrior and the Wolf (simplified Chinese: 狼灾记; traditional Chinese: 狼災記; pinyin: láng zāi jì) is a 2009 Chinese historical action film directed by Tian Zhuangzhuang.	The Warrior and the Wolf	Tian Zhuangzhuang
director	Federal Agent at Large is a 1950 American crime film directed by George Blair and written by Albert DeMond.	Federal Agent at Large	George Blair
director	My Neighbor's Wife is a 2011 Filipino drama film directed by Jun Lana, starring Dennis Trillo, Lovi Poe, Jake Cuenca, and Carla Abellana.	My Neighbor's Wife	Jun Lana
director	Ich zähle täglich meine Sorgen is a 1960 Austrian / West German film directed by Paul Martin.	Ich zähle täglich meine Sorgen	Paul Martin
director	Thunderbolt Jack is a 1920 American Western film serial directed by Francis Ford and Murdock MacQuarrie, produced by Berwilla Film Corp., and released on the states-rights market by Arrow Film Corp. The film is considered to be lost.	Thunderbolt Jack	Francis Ford	Murdock MacQuarrie
director	Love Forecast (Hangul: 오늘의 연애; RR: Oneului Yeonae; lit. Today's Love) is a 2015 South Korean romantic comedy film co-written and directed by Park Jin-pyo.	Love Forecast	Park Jin-pyo
director	No Lady is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Lupino Lane and starring Lane, Renee Clama and Sari Maritza.	No Lady	Lupino Lane
director	Kill Theory is a 2009 horror-thriller film directed by Chris Moore and written by Kelly C. Palmer.	Kill Theory	Chris Moore
director	The Blonde from Singapore (also released as Hot Pearls) is a 1941 American adventure film directed by Edward Dmytryk.	The Blonde from Singapore	Edward Dmytryk
director	Boynton Beach Club is a 2005 film directed by Susan Seidelman, a romantic comedy produced by her and her mother Florence.	Boynton Beach Club	Susan Seidelman
director	Ezhuthapurangal is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sibi Malayil and produced by Mathew George.	Ezhuthapurangal	Sibi Malayil
director	The Lovelorn is a 1927 American drama silent film directed by John P. McCarthy and written by Frederic Hatton and Bradley King.	The Lovelorn	John P. McCarthy
director	In the Secret Service is a 1913 American short Western film directed by Henry MacRae.	In the Secret Service	Henry MacRae
director	The Return of José do Telhado (Portuguese: A Volta de José do Telhado) is a 1949 Portuguese historical drama film directed by Armando de Miranda and starring Virgilio Teixeira as José do Telhado, a nineteenth century Portuguse bandit.	The Return of José do Telhado	Armando de Miranda
director	Night of Violence (or Le notti della violenza / Nights of Violence) is a 1965 Italian thriller film directed by Roberto Mauri.	Night of Violence	Roberto Mauri
director	Grandview, U.S.A. is a 1984 American comedy-drama film directed by Randal Kleiser.	Grandview, U.S.A.	Randal Kleiser
director	Tomorrow's Memoir is a 2004 short film written and directed by Jim Cliffe, and produced by Jim Cliffe and Kulchera Matson.	Tomorrow's Memoir	Jim Cliffe
director	Border Romance is a 1929 American romantic western film directed by Richard Thorpe.	Border Romance	Richard Thorpe
director	Brundavanam (Telugu: బృందావనం) is a 1993 Telugu Drama film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao.	Brundavanam	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
director	The Heroine is an uncompleted 1967 film, now lost, that was directed by Orson Welles.	The Heroine	Orson Welles
director	I'll Bury You Tomorrow is a 2002 low-budget independent horror film written and directed by Alan Rowe Kelly produced by New Millennium Pictures, starring Zoë Daelman Chlanda, Bill Corry, and Katherine O'Sullivan.	I'll Bury You Tomorrow	Alan Rowe Kelly
director	Born in '45 (German: Jahrgang 45) is a 1966 East German drama film directed by Jürgen Böttcher.	Born in '45	Jürgen Böttcher
director	The Real End of the Great War is the English title for Prawdziwy koniec wielkiej wojny, a film released in 1957, directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz.	The Real End of the Great War	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
director	Passage to Zarahemla is an adventure film directed and written by Chris Heimerdinger.	Passage to Zarahemla	Chris Heimerdinger
director	Safari Express is a 1976 Italian-German adventure-comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari.	Safari Express	Duccio Tessari
director	Heaven on One's Head (French: Le Ciel sur la tête, released in the United States as Skies Above) is a 1965 French science fiction film directed by Yves Ciampi.	Heaven on One's Head	Yves Ciampi
director	Hank and Mike is a 2008 comedy film directed by Matthiew Klinck, from a screenplay written by Paolo Mancini and Thomas Michael.	Hank and Mike	Matthiew Klinck
director	Naayak (English: Leader) is a 2013 Indian Telugu masala film written by Akula Siva and directed by V. V. Vinayak.	Naayak	V. V. Vinayak
director	A Revolutionary Family (Chinese: 革命家庭, translit. Geming jiating) is a 1961 Chinese drama film directed by Shui Hua.	A Revolutionary Family	Shui Hua
director	Sunday Too Far Away is a 1975 Australian drama film directed by Ken Hannam.	Sunday Too Far Away	Ken Hannam
director	Tarazu is an Indian action thriller film directed by Vimal Kumar and released in 1997.	Tarazu	Vimal Kumar
director	Return to Nuke 'Em High Volume 1 is a 2013 American science fiction comedy horror film directed by Lloyd Kaufman.	Return to Nuke 'Em High Volume 1	Lloyd Kaufman
director	Angeli senza paradiso (``Angels without Paradise'') is a 1970 Italian musicarello directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti.	Angeli senza paradiso	Ettore Maria Fizzarotti
director	Appavin Meesai (English: My father's moustasche) is an upcoming 2015 Tamil drama film directed by Rohini.	Appavin Meesai	Rohini
director	Dying Young is a 1991 American romance film, directed by Joel Schumacher.	Dying Young	Joel Schumacher
director	England, My England is a 1995 British historical film directed by Tony Palmer and starring Michael Ball, Simon Callow, Lucy Speed and Robert Stephens.	England, My England	Tony Palmer
director	Kif Tebbi is a 1928 Italian silent war film directed by Mario Camerini.	Kif Tebbi	Mario Camerini
director	The Nature of the Beast (European title: Bad Company, UK title: Hatchet Man) is a 1995 horror mystery film written and directed by Victor Salva.	The Nature of the Beast	Victor Salva
director	Fräulein Lilli or Miss Lilli is a 1936 Austrian comedy film directed by Hans Behrendt, Robert Wohlmuth and Max Neufeld.	Fräulein Lilli	Max Neufeld
director	Warn London is a 1934 British thriller film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Edmund Gwenn, John Loder and Leonora Corbett.	Warn London	T. Hayes Hunter
director	Salt Water Tabby was scored by Scott Bradley, produced by Fred Quimby, and directed and written by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera.	Salt Water Tabby	Joseph Barbera
director	Dwik Vijayam is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by PK Kaimal.	Dwik Vijayam	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Teeny Little Super Guy (TLSG) was created by animator Paul Fierlinger as a series of 13 installments for PBS's Sesame Street in 1982.	Teeny Little Super Guy	Paul Fierlinger
director	Miles of Fire/The Burning Miles (Russian: Огненные вёрсты, translit. Ognennye versty) is an early Red Western filmed by Samson Samsonov in 1957.	Miles of Fire	Samson Samsonov
director	Home Sweet Hell, previously known as North of Hell, is a 2015 American dark comedy film directed by Anthony Burns and written by Carlo Allen, Ted Elrick, and Tom Lavagnino.	Home Sweet Hell	Anthony Burns
director	Date with Disaster is a 1957 British crime film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Tom Drake, William Hartnell and Shirley Eaton.	Date with Disaster	Charles Saunders
director	Gawaahi (English: Evidence) is a 1989 Bollywood film directed by Anant Balani.	Gawaahi	Anant Balani
director	How to Console Widows (Portuguese: Como Consolar Viúvas) is a 1976 Brazilian film directed by José Mojica Marins.	How to Console Widows	José Mojica Marins
director	A Man Will Rise (originally known as Local Hero) is an uncompleted comedy western film directed by Tony Jaa and Vitidnan Rojanapanich, and starring Jaa, Dolph Lundgren, Conan Stevens, and Byron Gibson.	A Man Will Rise	Tony Jaa
director	Bikini Jones and the Temple of Eros is a 2010 American made for cable comedy erotic film written and directed by Fred Olen Ray (under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina).	Bikini Jones and the Temple of Eros	Fred Olen Ray
director	Youth's Endearing Charm (also known as Youth's Melting Pot ) is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by William C. Dowlan.	Youth's Endearing Charm	William C. Dowlan
director	Daawat-e-Ishq (English: Feast of Love) is a 2014 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Habib Faisal and produced by Aditya Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films.	Daawat-e-Ishq	Habib Faisal
director	Bal Ganesh is a 2007 computer-animated musical feature film directed by Pankaj Sharma.	Bal Ganesh	Pankaj Sharma
director	Bhagyada Bagilu (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯದ ಬಾಗಿಲು) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy (Ravi) and produced by B H Jayanna.	Bhagyada Bagilu	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Life Gamble, also known as Life Combat, is a 1979 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh and starring the Venoms, Kara Hui and Alexander Fu Sheng.	Life Gamble	Chang Cheh
director	Lóve is a 2011 Slovak-language film directed by Jakub Kroner, starring Michal Nemtuda and Kristína Svarinská, alongside Jakub Gogál.	Lóve	Jakub Kroner
director	The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent (also known as The Viking Women and the Sea Serpent) is a 1957 film directed by Roger Corman.	The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent	Roger Corman
director	Eu sunt Adam was a 1996 Romanian film directed by Dan Pița.	Eu sunt Adam	Dan Pița
director	How to Top My Wife (Hangul: 마누라 죽이기; RR: Manura jugigi) is a 1994 South Korean comedy film directed by Kang Woo-suk, starring Park Joong-hoon and Choi Jin-sil.	How to Top My Wife	Kang Woo-suk
director	Royston's Shorts is a compilation of acclaimed short films by Singaporean filmmaker Royston Tan.	Royston's Shorts	Royston Tan
director	Approved for Adoption (French: Couleur de peau: miel) is a 2012 French-Belgian animated film based on a comic by the Korean-Belgian comic strip artist Jung and directed by Laurent Boileau and Jung.	Approved for Adoption	Laurent Boileau
director	One More American is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by William C. deMille and written by Olga Printzlau and William C. deMille.	One More American	William C. deMille
director	Hot Summer in the City is a 1976 American adult film by director Gail Palmer aka ``The Hare''.	Hot Summer in the City	Gail Palmer
director	Prayer to a Vengeful God is a 2010 dramatic crime film, written, directed by, and starring Dan Eberle.	Prayer to a Vengeful God	Dan Eberle
director	Rajapattai (Tamil: ராஜபாட்டை; English: King's path) is a 2011 Tamil masala film directed by Suseenthiran based on a story by Seenu Vasan.	Rajapattai	Suseenthiran
director	Traveling Husbands is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Paul Sloane based on a screenplay by Humphrey Pearson.	Traveling Husbands	Paul Sloane
director	The Forbidden Door (Indonesian: Pintu Terlarang) is a 2009 Indonesian horror film, directed by Joko Anwar.	The Forbidden Door	Joko Anwar
director	The 81st Blow (Hebrew: המכה ה-81‎ and also known as The Eighty-First Blow) is a 1974 Israeli documentary film directed by Haim Gouri.	The 81st Blow	Haim Gouri
director	Bharath Stores (Kannada: ಭಾರತ್ ಸ್ಟೋರ್ಸ್) is a 2012 Indian Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri, starring Sudharani, H. G. Dattatreya, Chi Guru Dutt, V. Manohar and others.	Bharath Stores	P. Sheshadri
director	Going Greek is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Justin Zackham.	Going Greek	Justin Zackham
director	Only the Wind is a 1961 German crime film directed by Fritz Umgelter and starring Freddy Quinn, Gustav Knuth and Heinz Weiss.	Only the Wind	Fritz Umgelter
director	Bannada Gejje (Kannada: ಬಣ್ಣದ ಗೆಜ್ಜೆ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ravichandran and Amala.	Bannada Gejje	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	Opera ve vinici is a 1981 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Jaromil Jireš.	Opera ve vinici	Jaromil Jireš
director	Four Murders Are Enough, Darling (Czech: Čtyři vraždy stačí, drahoušku) is a 1971 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský.	Four Murders Are Enough, Darling	Oldřich Lipský
director	Spring in Winter (Hungarian: Tavasz a télben) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Spring in Winter	Michael Curtiz
director	The Search is a 1948 Swiss-American film directed by Fred Zinnemann which tells the story of a young Auschwitz survivor and his mother who search for each other across post-World War II Europe.	The Search	Fred Zinnemann
director	Nakhakshathangal (Malayalam: നഖക്ഷതങ്ങള്‍) is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Hariharan, written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair, and starring Monisha, Vineeth and Saleema.	Nakhakshathangal	Hariharan
director	Megam Karuththirukku is a 1987 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Rama Narayanan, starring Prabhu Ganesan and Raghuvaran in lead roles.	Megam Karuththirukku	Rama Narayanan
director	Namma Makkalu (Kannada: ನಮ್ಮ ಮಕ್ಕಳು) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. Nagendra Rao and produced by Harini.	Namma Makkalu	R. Nagendra Rao
director	Betty in Search of a Thrill is a 1915 American adventure silent film that was directed by Phillips Smalley and Lois Weber and written by Elsie Janis.	Betty in Search of a Thrill	Phillips Smalley
director	The Oyster Dredger is a 1915 American silent drama film written by, directed by and featuring Lon Chaney.	The Oyster Dredger	Lon Chaney
director	Prick Up Your Ears is a 1987 film, directed by Stephen Frears, about the playwright Joe Orton and his lover Kenneth Halliwell.	Prick Up Your Ears	Stephen Frears
director	Ratha Sapthami (ರಥಸಪ್ತಮಿ) is a 1986 Indian-Kannada romance musical film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by S. A. Govindaraj.	Ratha Sapthami	M. S. Rajashekar
director	Hollywoodland is a 2006 American period detective film directed by Allen Coulter in his feature directorial debut.	Hollywoodland	Allen Coulter
director	The Crunch Bird (El pájaro crujiente) is an animated short by Ted Petok, Joe Petrovich, and Len Maxwell.	The Crunch Bird	Ted Petok
director	Fresh Guacamole is a 2012 American animated short film written and directed by PES, (Adam Pesapane).	Fresh Guacamole	PES
director	Wedding Pullav is an Indian romantic comedy film, directed by Binod Pradhan and produced by Shashi Ranjan and Anu Ranjan.	Wedding Pullav	Binod Pradhan
director	Gruber's Journey or Călătoria lui Gruber is a 2008 Romanian drama film directed by Radu Gabrea.	Gruber's Journey	Radu Gabrea
director	Susie Steps Out is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Reginald Le Borg and written by Elwood Ullman and Fred Freiberger.	Susie Steps Out	Reginald Le Borg
director	A Woman's Decision (Polish: Bilans kwartalny, also known as The Quarterly Balance) is a 1975 Polish drama film written and directed by Krzysztof Zanussi.	A Woman's Decision	Krzysztof Zanussi
director	Zanna Bianca alla riscossa (internationally released as White Fang to the Rescue) is a 1974 Italian adventure film directed by Tonino Ricci.	White Fang to the Rescue	Tonino Ricci
director	Comeback Season is a 2006 film directed by Bruce McCulloch.	Comeback Season	Bruce McCulloch
director	Caring for the Lagoon is a documentary directed by Oliver Dickinson about how the Mahorans of Mayotte are trying to preserve their lagoon.	Caring for the Lagoon	Oliver Dickinson
director	3 Idiots is a 2009 Indian coming of age comedy-drama film co-written, edited, and directed by Rajkumar Hirani and produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra.	3 Idiots	Rajkumar Hirani
director	On to Reno is a 1928 silent film comedy directed by James Cruze and starring Marie Prevost.	On to Reno	James Cruze
director	Fierce Creatures was written by John Cleese, and directed by Robert Young and Fred Schepisi.	Fierce Creatures	Robert Young	Fred Schepisi
director	Do Phool is a 1973 Bollywood comedy film directed by S. Ramanathan.	Do Phool	S. Ramanathan
director	Cenerentola is a 2011 two-part Italian television drama directed by Christian Duguay and produced by Lux Vide.	Cenerentola	Christian Duguay
director	And the Plains Are Gleaming (German:...und es leuchtet die Puszta) is a 1933 German-Hungarian drama film directed by Heinz Hille and starring Rosy Barsony, Károly Sugar and Wolf Albach-Retty.	And the Plains Are Gleaming	Heinz Hille
director	S.F.W. (or So Fucking What) is a 1994 film directed by Jefery Levy.	S.F.W.	Jefery Levy
director	Bestiaire is a 2012 Canadian-French avant-garde nature documentary film directed by Denis Côté.	Bestiaire	Denis Côté
director	Robert Wilson and the Civil Wars is a 1987 documentary by Howard Brookner about Robert Wilson's ambitious attempt to stage an epic, twelve-hour, multinational opera for the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Robert Wilson and the Civil Wars	Howard Brookner
director	Traffic with the Devil is a 1946 American short documentary film about traffic problems in Los Angeles, directed by Gunther von Fritsch.	Traffic with the Devil	Gunther von Fritsch
director	Nora's Will (Spanish: Cinco días sin Nora, also released as Five Days Without Nora) is a 2008 Mexican drama film written and directed by Mariana Chenillo.	Nora's Will	Mariana Chenillo
director	Return to Life (French: Retour à la vie) is a 1949 French drama film directed by Georges Lampin, André Cayatte, Henri-Georges Clouzot and Jean Dréville.	Return to Life	Georges Lampin	André Cayatte	Henri-Georges Clouzot	Jean Dréville
director	Bhale Raja (Kannada: ಭಲೇ ರಾಜ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Yajaman Mothi Veeranna.	Bhale Raja	Y. R. Swamy
director	Gizmo! is a 1977 documentary film produced and directed by Howard Smith about improbable inventions, and uses old newsreel footage about these inventions.	Gizmo!	Howard Smith
director	Suddenly It's Magic is a 2012 Filipino-Thai romantic film directed by Rory Quintos, starring Mario Maurer and Erich Gonzales.	Suddenly It's Magic	Rory Quintos
director	The House in Dragon Street (German: Das Haus in der Dragonerstrasse ) is a 1921 German silent crime film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Edmund Löwe, Werner Krauss and Lilly Flohr.	The House in Dragon Street	Richard Oswald
director	Sköna Helena (Beautiful Helen) is a Swedish musical film of 1951 directed by Gustaf Edgren, and based loosely on the story and music of the opéra bouffe La belle Hélène.	Sköna Helena	Gustaf Edgren
director	The Fifth Seal (Hungarian: Az ötödik pecsét) is a 1976 film by Hungarian director Zoltán Fábri based on a novel of the same name by Hungarian author Ferenc Sánta.	The Fifth Seal	Zoltán Fábri
director	Seven Invisible Men (Lithuanian: Septyni nematomi žmonės) is a 2005 Lithuanian drama film directed by Šarūnas Bartas.	Seven Invisible Men	Šarūnas Bartas
director	Slashed is a low budget independent horror film, financed and directed by Ash and written by Jed Shepherd.	Slashed	Ash
director	Women Without Names is a 1940 American film directed by Robert Florey.	Women Without Names	Robert Florey
director	Touch-Me-Not (봉선화 - Bongseonhwa) is a 1956 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Touch-Me-Not	Kim Ki-young
director	The Blood Ship is a 1927 silent drama film directed by George B. Seitz.	The Blood Ship	George B. Seitz
director	Coffee Date is a 2006 independent film written and directed by Stewart Wade and released by BrownBag Productions.	Coffee Date	Stewart Wade
director	Hatey Bazarey or Hate Bazare (Bengali: হাটে বাজারে; English: The Market Place) is a 1967 award winning art film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha and produced Asim Dutta, the story revolves around the conflict of good and evil.	Hatey Bazarey	Tapan Sinha
director	City of Fathers (Hangul: 부산; hanja: 父山; RR: Busan) is a 2009 South Korean film written and directed by Park Ji-won.	City of Fathers	Park Ji-won
director	Three Modern Women (Chinese: 三个摩登女性; pinyin: Sāngè Módēng Nǚxìng) is a 1932 Chinese film directed by Bu Wancang and written by Tian Han.	Three Modern Women	Bu Wancang
director	The Sporting Venus (1925) is a silent romance film directed by Marshall Neilan.	The Sporting Venus	Marshall Neilan
director	Cirkus bude! is a 1954 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský.	Cirkus bude!	Oldřich Lipský
director	How I Wonder What You Are is a 2010 drama film directed by Udaya Dharmawardhana and Chinthana Dharmadasa.	How I Wonder What You Are	Udaya Dharmawardhana	Chinthana Dharmadasa
director	Come December (2006) was directed by Faisal Saif.	Come December	Faisal Saif
director	The Sins of Rosanne is a surviving 1920 American silent drama film starring Ethel Clayton and directed by actor/director Tom Forman.	The Sins of Rosanne	Tom Forman
director	100 Fäuste und ein Vaterunser (English: 100 Fists and a Prayer) is an Italian-German film directed by Mario Siciliano.	100 Fäuste und ein Vaterunser	Mario Siciliano
director	Galaxy Invader (aka The Galaxy Invader) is a 1985 direct-to-video sci-fi film directed and co-written by Baltimore filmmaker Don Dohler.	Galaxy Invader	Don Dohler
director	A Short Film About John Bolton is a 2003 film written and directed by Neil Gaiman.	A Short Film About John Bolton	Neil Gaiman
director	El Terrible Toreador is a 1929 animated cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions in the Silly Symphonies series.	El Terrible Toreador	Walt Disney
director	Histoire de pen (also released internationally as Inside, and in the United Kingdom as Banged Up) is a Québécois film directed by Michel Jetté and released in 2002, about a young man's time in a penitentiary.	Histoire de pen	Michel Jetté
director	Bhai-Bhai (Brothers) is a 1970 Bollywood suspense drama film directed by Raja Nawathe.	Bhai-Bhai	Raja Nawathe
director	Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon is a 1970 American Technicolor drama film directed by Otto Preminger.	Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon	Otto Preminger
director	Absolutely Anything is a 2015 British science fiction comedy film and directed by Terry Jones and written by Terry Jones and Gavin Scott.	Absolutely Anything	Terry Jones
director	51 Birch Street is a 2005 documentary film about the universal themes of love, marriage, fidelity, and the mystery of a suburban family, directed by Doug Block.	51 Birch Street	Doug Block
director	Black Republic (Hangul: 그들도 우리처럼; RR: Geudeuldo uri-cheoreom; lit. ``They Also Are Like Us'') is a 1990 South Korean film directed by Park Kwang-su.	Black Republic	Park Kwang-su
director	The Large Rope (also known as The Long Rope) is a 1953 British crime film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Donald Houston, Susan Shaw and Robert Brown.	The Large Rope	Wolf Rilla
director	Call Girl of Cthulhu is a 2014 horror movie that was directed by Chris LaMartina.	Call Girl of Cthulhu	Chris LaMartina
director	Léon la lune (English: Leon the Moon) is a 1956 French short documentary film directed by Alain Jessua.	Léon la lune	Alain Jessua
director	The Star Chamber is a 1983 American mystery thriller film written by Roderick Taylor and directed by Peter Hyams.	The Star Chamber	Peter Hyams
director	In This Tricky Life (Spanish: En la puta vida) is a 2001 Uruguayan film directed by Beatriz Flores Silva.	In This Tricky Life	Beatriz Flores Silva
director	Morderstwo (English: Murder) is a short film written and directed by Roman Polanski in 1957.	Morderstwo	Roman Polanski
director	Crazy Affairs (Italian: Cose da pazzi) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.	Cose da pazzi	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
director	What Will You Do When You Catch Me? is the English title of Co mi zrobisz, jak mnie złapiesz? a Polish comedy film released in 1978, directed by Stanisław Bareja.	What Will You Do When You Catch Me?	Stanisław Bareja
director	Boys of the City is a 1940 black-and-white comedy/thriller film directed by Joseph H. Lewis.	Boys of the City	Joseph H. Lewis
director	Kaalam Maari Kadha Maari (Malayalam: കാലം മാറി കഥ മാറി) is a 1987 Malayalam film directed by M. Krishnan Nair, written by Devan.	Kaalam Maari Kadha Maari	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Paropakari (Kannada: ಪರೋಪಕಾರಿ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film written and directed by Y. R. Swamy.	Paropakari	Y. R. Swamy
director	Chinnada Gombe (Kannada: ಚಿನ್ನದ ಗೊಂಬೆ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu.	Chinnada Gombe	B. R. Panthulu
director	State of Bacon is a 2014 mockumentary written and directed by Jason Cook, and produced in conjunction with the Blue Ribbon Bacon Festival.	State of Bacon	Jason Cook
director	The Vampire's Ghost is 1945 American horror film directed by Lesley Selander written by Leigh Brackett and John K. Butler.	The Vampire's Ghost	Lesley Selander
director	The Comebacks is a 2007 American satirical comedy film directed by Tom Brady.	The Comebacks	Tom Brady
director	Murder by Rope is a 1936 British mystery film directed by George Pearson and starring Constance Godridge, D.A. Clarke-Smith and Sunday Wilshin.	Murder by Rope	George Pearson
director	Noukadubi (Bengali: নৌকাডুবি, ``Boat wreck'') is a Bengali film directed by Rituparno Ghosh, released on January 2011.	Noukadubi	Rituparno Ghosh
director	The Marriage Circle is a 1924 silent film produced by Ernst Lubitsch and Warner Brothers with direction by Lubitsch and distribution by the Warners.	The Marriage Circle	Ernst Lubitsch
director	BaadAsssss Cinema is a 2002 documentary film, directed by Isaac Julien.	BaadAsssss Cinema	Isaac Julien
director	Ormakalundayirikkanam (English: Memories and Desires) is a 1995 Malayalam political drama film directed by T. V. Chandran.	Ormakalundayirikkanam	T. V. Chandran
director	Ghosts of War is a short film made in 2010, written and directed by David Sander and produced by Enzo Tedeschi, and starring Graham Brissett and Simon Broadhurst.	Ghosts of War	David Sander
director	To Sleep with Anger is a 1990 American drama film directed and written by Charles Burnett.	To Sleep with Anger	Charles Burnett
director	Professor Creeps is a 1942 American comedy film directed by William Beaudine.	Professor Creeps	William Beaudine
director	Prem Tapasya is a 1983 Bollywood Romantic film produced by Akkineni Nageswara Rao on Annapurna Studios banner and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao.	Prem Tapasya	Dasari Narayana Rao
director	Rainbow on the River is a 1936 American musical film directed by Kurt Neumann from a screenplay by Harry Chandlee, Earle Snell, and William Hurlbut, based upon the novel Toinette's Philip by C. V. Jamison.	Rainbow on the River	Kurt Neumann
director	Mrs. Sen is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Agnidev Chatterjee and produced by Pankaj Agarwal.	Mrs. Sen	Agnidev Chatterjee
director	Chup Chup Ke (Hindi: चुप चुप के; English: Quietly, Quietly) is a 2006 Bollywood film directed by Priyadarshan.	Chup Chup Ke	Priyadarshan
director	The Vows (Portuguese: A Promessa) is a 1973 Portuguese drama film directed by António de Macedo.	The Vows	António de Macedo
director	Brought by the Sea (Turkish: Denizden Gelen) is a 2010 Turkish drama film, directed by Nesli Çölgeçen, about an ex-cop who accidentally kills an African immigrant and retreats with a guilty conscience back to his hometown.	Brought by the Sea	Nesli Çölgeçen
director	Solo for Sparrow is a 1962 film directed by Gordon Flemyng, part of the Edgar Wallace Mysteries series of British second-features.	Solo for Sparrow	Gordon Flemyng
director	Sugar Is Not Sweet (Thai: น้ำตาลไม่หวาน or Namtarn mai warn) is a 1965 Thai romantic comedy film written and directed by Rattana Pestonji.	Sugar Is Not Sweet	Rattana Pestonji
director	Putani Agent 123 (Kannada: ಪುಟಾಣಿ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ಸ್ ೧೨೩) is 1979 Indian Kannada Kannada children's film directed by Geethapriya.	Putani Agent 123	Geethapriya
director	The Texas Promise was produced and directed by Academy Award winning filmmaker Vanessa Roth.	The Texas Promise	Vanessa Roth
director	Thirteen Women is a 1932 American Pre-Code psychological thriller film, produced by David O. Selznick and directed by George Archainbaud.	Thirteen Women	George Archainbaud
director	Bob and Mary (German:Bob und Mary) is a 1923 German silent film directed by Max Glass and starring Helga Molander, Anton Edthofer and Paul Biensfeldt.	Bob and Mary	Max Glass
director	The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker, also known as Pigeons, is a 1970 American comedy film directed by John Dexter and written by Ron Whyte.	The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker	John Dexter
director	Curse of the Komodo is a 2004 film that was directed by Jim Wynorski.	Curse of the Komodo	Jim Wynorski
director	The Stronger Sex is a 1931 British drama film directed by Gareth Gundrey and starring Colin Clive, Adrianne Allen and Gordon Harker.	The Stronger Sex	Gareth Gundrey
director	Catty Cornered is a 1953 Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Friz Freleng, written by Warren Foster and distributed by Warner Bros..	Catty Cornered	Friz Freleng
director	Kong Bukseløs (English: His New Grey Trousers) is a 1915 Danish silent film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr..	Kong Bukseløs	Lau Lauritzen
director	Mugdha Manava (Kannada: ಮುಗ್ದಮಾನವ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy (Ravi) and produced by Lalithamma.	Mugdha Manava	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Mooru Janma (Kannada: ಮೂರು ಜನ್ಮ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S N Parthanath Brothers.	Mooru Janma	H. R. Bhargava
director	Strings of Steel is a 1926 action film serial directed by Henry MacRae.	Strings of Steel	Henry MacRae
director	Bangarwadi (Marathi: बनगरवाडी) is a critically acclaimed Marathi film, directed by Amol Palekar.	Bangarwadi	Amol Palekar
director	Kulamagal Radhai (Tamil: குலமகள் ராதை ) is a 1963 Indian Tamil film, directed by A. P. Nagarajan and produced by Spider Films.	Kulamagal Radhai	A. P. Nagarajan
director	Love Matters (Chinese: 幸福万岁) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and Gilbert Chan, and produced by Neo Studios, mm Studios and Grand Billiance.	Love Matters	Jack Neo
director	Pava Mannippu (English: Clemency) is a 1961 Tamil language drama film directed by A. Bhimsingh.	Pava Mannippu	A. Bhimsingh
director	Ingmar Bergman Makes a Movie (Swedish: Ingmar Bergman gör en film) is a 1963 Swedish documentary film directed by Vilgot Sjöman which depicts the making of Ingmar Bergman's film Winter Light from screenwriting to the film's premiere and critical reaction.	Ingmar Bergman Makes a Movie	Vilgot Sjöman
director	Zoebaida is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies directed by Njoo Cheong Seng.	Zoebaida	Njoo Cheong Seng
director	Without the King is a 2007 documentary film by Michael Skolnik, an American filmmaker.	Without the King	Michael Skolnik
director	Thalaimuraigal (English: Generations) is a 2013 Tamil film written and directed by Balu Mahendra.	Thalaimuraigal	Balu Mahendra
director	Slaves of Beauty is a 1927 film directed by John G. Blystone and starring Olive Tell, Holmes Herbert, Earle Foxe, Margaret Livingston and future talent agent Sue Carol.	Slaves of Beauty	John G. Blystone
director	Women in Cages is a 1971 film in the women in prison sexploitation subgenre, co-produced by Roger Corman and directed by Gerardo de León.	Women in Cages	Gerardo de León
director	Woman Doctors (German: Ärztinnen) is a 1984 German crime film directed by Horst Seemann.	Woman Doctors	Horst Seemann
director	James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 British-American musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick, based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl.	James and the Giant Peach	Henry Selick
director	Morality Above All Else (Czech: Mravnost nade vše) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Morality Above All Else	Martin Frič
director	Wet and Wild Summer! is a 1990 Australian-American comedy film directed by Maurice Murphy and starring Christopher Atkins, Julian McMahon and Elliott Gould.	Wet and Wild Summer!	Maurice Murphy
director	Demon of the Sea (German: Dämon des Meeres) is a lost 1931 film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Demon of the Sea	Michael Curtiz
director	A Kiss on the Nose is a short film first released in the USA on August 15, 2004 during the Rhode Island International Film Festival, written and directed by Laura Neri.	A Kiss on the Nose	Laura Neri
director	Ram ke Naam (English: In the Name of God) is a 1992 documentary by Indian filmmaker Anand Patwardhan.	Ram ke Naam	Anand Patwardhan
director	Miss Suwanna of Siam (Thai: นางสาวสุวรรณ; rtgs: Nang Sao Suwan), was a 1923 romance film written and directed by Henry MacRae, set in Thailand (then Siam) and starring Thai actors.	Miss Suwanna of Siam	Henry MacRae
director	Le Déshabillage impossible, released in the United States as Going to Bed Under Difficulties and in the United Kingdom as An Increasing Wardrobe, is a 1900 French short silent comedy film, directed by Georges Méliès.	Going to Bed Under Difficulties	Georges Méliès
director	Kaiyethum Doorath(English:Within the hand's reach), alternatively called also as Kai Ethum Doorathu is a 2002 Malayalam romance film written, directed and produced by Fazil.	Kaiyethum Doorath	Fazil
director	The Other Lover is a 1985 television film directed by Robert Ellis Miller and executive produced by Larry A. Thompson.	The Other Lover	Robert Ellis Miller
director	Some Girl is a 1998 American romantic comedy drama film directed by Rory Kelly and written by actress Marissa Ribisi, who also appeared in the film.	Some Girl	Rory Kelly
director	13 Days to Die or Der Fluch des schwarzen Rubin is a 1965 Italian and West German spy film drama, directed by Alberto Cardone and Manfred R. Köhler.	13 Days to Die	Alberto Cardone
educated at	Chandrajit Banerjee is a Post-Graduate (MA) in Economics with specialisation in Economics of Planning and Econometrics from the University of Calcutta.	Chandrajit Banerjee	University of Calcutta
educated at	Gregory G. Colomb (September 5, 1951 -- October 11, 2011) was a professor of the English language and literature and Director of Writing Programs at the University of Virginia.	Gregory G. Colomb	University of Virginia
educated at	Jack Ernest Vincent (born December 26, 1932, Portland, Oregon) is a Borah Professor Emeritus of the Department of Political Science at the University of Idaho.	Jack Ernest Vincent	University of Idaho
educated at	Yalcin Ayasli received his M.S.E.E. and Sc.D. degrees from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1973 and worked as a faculty member and Deputy Department Chair at the METU Electrical Engineering Department for six years.	Yalcin Ayasli	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Kathryn Tanner began her career at Yale University.	Kathryn Tanner	Yale University
educated at	Henry Ledyard graduated from Columbia College in 1830, and began practicing law in New York.	Henry Ledyard	Columbia College
educated at	Irwin Kremen (born 1925) is an American artist who at 41 began making art while Director of the Duke University Graduate Program in Clinical Psychology, after earning a Ph.D. six years earlier in clinical psychology at Harvard University.	Irwin Kremen	Harvard University
educated at	Educated at North London Collegiate School and the University of Bristol, Victoria Sharp was called to the Bar, Inner Temple in 1979.	Victoria Sharp	University of Bristol
educated at	Hugh Durham (born October 26, 1937) is the first and only coach in the history of NCAA Division I basketball to lead two different schools to the NCAA Final Four for the first and only time in each school's history (Florida State University - 1972; University of Georgia - 1983).	Hugh Durham	Florida State University
educated at	His father and grandfather were doctors and after private education in Glasgow and at the long-established Old Grammar School of Hamilton (renamed the Hamilton Academy in 1848), Robert Macnish undertook his medical studies at the University of Glasgow obtaining a C.M. degree in 1820 and an M.D. in 1825.	Robert Macnish	University of Glasgow
educated at	John Caswell (sometimes recorded as ``Carswell''), was from Crewkerne, Somerset, and he matriculated at Wadham College, Oxford, in March 1671 when he was 16 years old.	John Caswell	Wadham College
educated at	Kate Valk began her work with the group in 1979 while she was a student at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.	Kate Valk	Tisch School of the Arts
educated at	Ron Walotsky (born in Brooklyn in 1943 and died on July 29, 2002) was a science fiction and fantasy artist who studied at the School of Visual Arts.	Ron Walotsky	School of Visual Arts
educated at	Edmond Warre C.B. C.V.O. (12 February 1837 -- 22 January 1920) was an English rower and head master of Eton College from 1884 to 1905.	Edmond Warre	Eton College
educated at	Moses Gomberg (February 8, 1866 -- February 12, 1947) was a chemistry professor at the University of Michigan.	Moses Gomberg	University of Michigan
educated at	Born in Washington, D.C., Grover Furr graduated from McGill University in Montreal, Canada in 1965 with a BA in English.	Grover Furr	McGill University
educated at	Born in Caracas, Jorge Arreaza received a degree in international studies from the Central University of Venezuela (UCV) and was awarded a scholarship by the Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho Foundation during the 1990s, which allowed him to earn a master's degree in European Policy Studies at University of Cambridge, England.	Jorge Arreaza	Central University of Venezuela
educated at	José Cisneros received his Bachelor of Science from the MIT Sloan School of Management and studied for his MBA at Boston University.	José Cisneros	MIT Sloan School of Management	Boston University
educated at	A graduate of Bilkent University Dept. of Economics, Vuslat Doğan Sabancı went on to attend Columbia University in New York for her graduate studies in International Media and Communications.	Vuslat Doğan Sabancı	Bilkent University	Columbia University
educated at	Born in Duisburg, Sevim Dağdelen finished the high school in 1997, and studied law first at the University of Marburg and then at the Adelaide University, Australia and later at the University of Cologne.	Sevim Dağdelen	University of Marburg	University of Cologne
educated at	Pete Lund received a B.A. in Economics and Political Science from Adrian College.	Pete Lund	Adrian College
educated at	Jay Burson was a college basketball player at The Ohio State University and former player in the Continental Basketball Association.	Jay Burson	Ohio State University
educated at	Geoffrey Owen was educated at the Dragon School, Rugby School and Balliol College, Oxford University.	Geoffrey Owen	Dragon School	Rugby School	Balliol College
educated at	Martin Henson was educated at The Bulmershe School in Woodley, Berkshire, at the University of Southampton (BSc, 1976), at the University of Reading (PGCE, 1977), and the University of Essex (MSc, 1981).	Martin Henson	University of Southampton	University of Reading
educated at	Educated at Eton College and Aix-Marseille University, Peter Hambro initially worked at a firm of accountants.	Peter Hambro	Eton College
educated at	DJ Head was raised in Detroit, attended Gesu Elementary School (Aliyah, Keegan-Michael Key, Proof) and is a graduate of Shrine Catholic High School in Royal Oak, Michigan (class of 1989), and is a Michigan State University Alumni (Bachelor of Science, Engineering 1994).	DJ Head	Michigan State University
educated at	Martin Freer is a British physicist, professor at University of Birmingham, and director of the Birmingham Centre for Nuclear Education and Research.	Martin Freer	University of Birmingham
educated at	Dip Gogoi was educated at Dibrugarh University and graduated with a B.Sc.	Dip Gogoi	Dibrugarh University
educated at	T.A.S Menon is former Principal of the Raja Ravi Varma College of Fine Arts Mavelikara, Kerala, India.	T.A.S Menon	Raja Ravi Varma College of Fine Arts
educated at	From 1926 to 1930 Jean Lasserre studied theology in Paris and from September 1930 to 1931, Lasserre was a seminarian at Union Theological Seminary in New York.	Jean Lasserre	Union Theological Seminary
educated at	Stacy McGaugh was an undergraduate student at MIT (S.B. 1985) and a graduate student at Princeton and the University of Michigan (Ph.D. 1992).	Stacy McGaugh	University of Michigan
educated at	Schooled in South Africa, Timothy Moloi went on to complete a Bachelor of Arts degree at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio, in the United States.	Timothy Moloi	Ohio Wesleyan University
educated at	Richard Heeks was born in Reading, England; studied natural sciences at the University of Cambridge, and completed an MPhil at the University of Leicester and a PhD at the Open University, UK.	Richard Heeks	University of Cambridge	University of Leicester
educated at	Justin Moed graduated from Butler University in Indianapolis	Justin Moed	Butler University
educated at	The grandson of a Chinese immigrant, whose surname was Lim, Sulak Sivaraksa was educated in Bangkok and at the University of Wales, Lampeter, where he is now an honorary fellow in Buddhism.	Sulak Sivaraksa	University of Wales
educated at	Michael J. Weithorn is a native of Queens, New York and graduated from Swarthmore College in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania in 1978 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science.	Michael J. Weithorn	Swarthmore College
educated at	James Kinsella served in the United States Marine Corps, achieving the rank of sergeant, during World War II. He received a bachelor's degree from Trinity College of Connecticut in 1947 and a law degree from University of Nebraska College of Law in 1952.	James Kinsella	Trinity College
educated at	David Jeremiah Barron (born July 7, 1967) is a United States Circuit Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit and former S. William Green Professor of Public Law at Harvard Law School.	David Jeremiah Barron	Harvard Law School
educated at	In 2006, the Jerome L. Greene Foundation donated $200 million to Columbia University, the largest gift that the school had ever received, to establish The Jerome L. Greene Science Center.	Jerome L. Greene	Columbia University
educated at	Erdal Beşikçioğlu attended İzmir Private Turkish College and Mehmet Seyfi Eraltay High School after which he studied at the Hacettepe University State Conservatory.	Erdal Beşikçioğlu	Hacettepe University
educated at	Robert Lumsden was educated at Strathallan School, the University of Edinburgh and for a short period at the University of Vienna.	Robert Lumsden	University of Edinburgh
educated at	In 1950 Adolfas Tautavičius graduated from Vilnius University and after four years in 1954 defended his thesis, Rytų Lietuva I m.e.	Adolfas Tautavičius	Vilnius University
educated at	Max G. Lagally is Erwin W. Mueller Professor and Bascom Professor of Surface Science at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Max G. Lagally	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	John Samuel Forrest attended the famous Hamilton Academy school where he won the Dux Medal, Mathematics Medal and the Science Medal, and coming third in the University of Glasgow Bursary Examination of 1925 was awarded the John Clerk (Mile End) Bursary to study Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at the university.	John Samuel Forrest	University of Glasgow
educated at	Stephanie Patton received her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Painting from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in 1993 and a Master of Fine Arts degree in Photography from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1996.	Stephanie Patton	School of the Art Institute of Chicago
educated at	Richard Wiseman, Interview The Scotsman At 18 he continued as a street performer and went to University College London to study psychology, partly because it ``was right around the corner''.	Richard Wiseman	University College London
educated at	Dana Ward received his BA from University of California, Berkeley, an MA in political science from The University of Chicago, and a double PhD in political science and psychology from Yale University.	Dana Ward	University of California, Berkeley	University of Chicago	Yale University
educated at	Kay Koplovitz was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and graduated from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison with a B.A. in Communications and earned a master's degree in Communications from Michigan State University.	Kay Koplovitz	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Randall Boe matriculated at the University of Wisconsin Madison in the fall semester 1980.	Randall Boe	University of Wisconsin Madison
educated at	In 1990, Kevin Tsai graduated from UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television with a Master Degree in TV Production and moved back to Taiwan.	Kevin Tsai	UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television
educated at	Louka Katseli graduated from the Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, in 1972, with a B.A. in Economics.	Louka Katseli	Smith College
educated at	Born October 18, 1980 in Michigan, Colby Keller was raised in Texas where he graduated from the University of Houston, with a bachelor's degree in Anthropology.	Colby Keller	University of Houston
educated at	Eduardo Obregón Pagán (born August 13, 1960) is the Bob Stump Endowed Professor of History at Arizona State University, and one of the hosts of the PBS popular series History Detectives since 2008.	Eduardo Obregón Pagán	Arizona State University
educated at	Holly Sorensen was born and raised in Montana, and was given scholarships to the Annie Wright School in Tacoma, Washington and Dartmouth College, where she studied philosophy and film.	Holly Sorensen	Dartmouth College
educated at	Kenneth Roth, a graduate of Yale Law School and Brown University, claims he was drawn to human rights causes through his family ties.	Kenneth Roth	Yale Law School	Brown University
educated at	Son of Rev. George Emlen Hare, William Hobart Hare was born at Princeton, N. J., and educated at the University of Pennsylvania, although he never graduated nor attended seminary before his ordination as a deacon in 1859 and as a priest in 1862.	William Hobart Hare	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Henry Maden was the son of Sir Henry Maden from Bacup in Lancashire.He was educated privately and attended Exeter College, Oxford where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree.	Henry Maden	Exeter College
educated at	Bill Ratliff was educated at Sonora High School in Sonora in Sutton County in West Texas and then at the University of Texas at Austin, where he studied civil engineering.	Bill Ratliff	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	Jasimuddin completed IA from Rajendra College in 1924.He obtained his BA degree in Bengali from the University of Calcutta in 1929 and his MA in 1931.	Jasimuddin	University of Calcutta
educated at	The youngest son of a clergyman, Edward Drax Free became a member of St John's College, Oxford, where he proceeded to the degrees of BA, MA, BD, and DD and was eventually elected to a Fellowship.	Edward Drax Free	St John's College
educated at	Born in Montreal, Quebec, Israel Reuven Frank (he later dropped his first name) earned a bachelor's degree in social science at City College of New York.	Reuven Frank	City College of New York
educated at	Aner Shalev (born 24 January 1958) is a professor at the Einstein Institute of Mathematics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and a writer.	Aner Shalev	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Pompeo Borra's studies were varied, first he attended technical schools and then, briefly, the course in decoration at the Scuola degli Artefici at the Brera Academy.	Pompeo Borra	Brera Academy
educated at	Born and raised in St. Paul, Minnesota, Erwin Tomash graduated from the University of Minnesota with his electrical engineering degree in 1943.	Erwin Tomash	University of Minnesota
educated at	Cristina Warthen, née Cristina Schultz, is a 2001 graduate of Stanford Law School and a fitness model who has been pictured in Iron Man, Muscular Development, Maxim (magazine), and Playboy Magazine (Feb 2006 pg 45) and Playboy Book of Lingerie.	Cristina Schultz	Stanford Law School
educated at	John Samuel Sherburne graduated from Dartmouth College in 1776 and attended the law department of Harvard University.	John Samuel Sherburne	Dartmouth College
educated at	Hemant Shesh completed his post graduate education in Sociology from thehhjj University of Rajasthan in Jaipur in 1977.	Hemant Shesh	University of Rajasthan
educated at	Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, Maiysha went to Sarah Lawrence College where she studied vocal performance as well as creative writing and race and gender studies.	Maiysha	Sarah Lawrence College
educated at	Born David Brian Hargrove in Tarboro, North Carolina, he earned his BFA degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Brian Hargrove	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
educated at	George A. Milliken, Ph.D. is emeritus professor of statistics at Kansas State University.	George A. Milliken	Kansas State University
educated at	Robert Dudley Baxter was educated privately and at Trinity College, Cambridge University.	Robert Dudley Baxter	Trinity College
educated at	Byron Fidetzis was born in Thessaloniki, He studied violoncello under Manolis Kazabakas and advanced theory under Solon Michaelides at the State Conservatory of Thessaloniki.	Byron Fidetzis	State Conservatory of Thessaloniki
educated at	Andrew Kaslow attended Columbia University where he earned a B.A., a master's degree (M.A.) in Music and Music Education, and a Doctorate in Anthropology Ph.D.), with a specialization in ethnomusicology, African-American culture, and urban social networks.	Andrew Kaslow	Columbia University
educated at	Born in Peterborough and educated at the Salesian School at Chertsey and Imperial College, London, Martin Ballinger qualified as a management accountant while working at the National Bus Company.	Martin Ballinger	Imperial College, London
educated at	Bao Guo'an (born 4 June 1946) is a Chinese actor and professor in the Central Academy of Drama.	Bao Guo'an	Central Academy of Drama
educated at	Marvin Davis graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from New York University in 1947.	Marvin Davis	New York University
educated at	Born in Dundee, Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford.	Gavin Plumley	Keble College
educated at	In 2008, the Anita Thigpen Perry School of Nursing at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center was renamed in her honor.	Anita Thigpen Perry	Texas Tech University
educated at	Alfred Lawson Brown (1927 - 28 August 2006) was Edwards Professor of Medieval History at the University of Glasgow from 1973-78.	Alfred Lawson Brown	University of Glasgow
educated at	James Garesche Ord graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1909 and received his commission as a Second Lieutenant of Infantry.	James Garesche Ord	United States Military Academy
educated at	Gerald Hocken Knight was born on 27 July 1908 in Par, Cornwall, and was educated at Truro Cathedral School and Peterhouse, Cambridge.	Gerald Hocken Knight	Peterhouse
educated at	Frank Burr Mallory (1862-1941) was an American pathologist at the Boston City Hospital and Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School, after whom the Mallory body is named.	Frank Burr Mallory	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Jonathan Kearsley was born in Middletown, Pennsylvania on August 20, 1786, and graduated from Washington College in Washington, Pennsylvania (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1811.	Jonathan Kearsley	Washington & Jefferson College
educated at	Matthew Vellanickal pursued doctoral studies in the discipline of New Testament at the Pontifical Biblical Institute, Rome under the Belgian New Testament Exegete Ignatius de la Potterie and was awarded the doctoral degree in 1970 based on his dissertation The Divine Sonship of Christians in the Johannine Writings.	Matthew Vellanickal	Pontifical Biblical Institute
educated at	Christopher Wathes graduated from the University of Birmingham with a BSc degree in Physics in 1974.	Christopher Wathes	University of Birmingham
educated at	Josiah Scott was born at Washington County, Pennsylvania, not far from Cannonsburg, where he graduated from Jefferson College (now Washington & Jefferson College) in 1823.	Josiah Scott	Washington & Jefferson College
educated at	In 2001, Columbia University offered Afia Nathaniel a two-year Dean's fellowship to come and join their MFA Film programme.	Afia Nathaniel	Columbia University
educated at	Paul Lever was educated at St Paul's School, London and The Queen's College, Oxford.	Paul Lever	The Queen's College
educated at	Claire Rochester moved to Boston, Massachusetts to study at the Boston Conservatory of Music.	Claire Rochester	Boston Conservatory
educated at	The son of Frederick Knight Couldrey of Abingdon, Oswald Couldrey attended Abingdon School and Pembroke College, Oxford.	Oswald Couldrey	Pembroke College
educated at	David Steelman earned a B.A. in economics from the University of Missouri, and graduated first in his class from the University of Missouri Law School in 1978.	David Steelman	University of Missouri
educated at	Wil Roebroeks began his academic career as a history student at the Radboud University Nijmegen where he graduated cum laude in 1979.	Wil Roebroeks	Radboud University Nijmegen
educated at	In 1916, Gao Yihan graduated from Meiji University.	Gao Yihan	Meiji University
educated at	Eliza Manningham-Buller worked as a teacher for three years at Queen's Gate School, Kensington, London from 1971--74, having read English at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, before joining the Security Service.	Eliza Manningham-Buller	Lady Margaret Hall
educated at	Paul F. van der Heijden (born 18 September 1949 in Utrecht) is professor of international labour law at Leiden University, the Netherlands.	Paul F. van der Heijden	Leiden University
educated at	Satinder Sartaaj concentrated on his sufiana musical career having done his M. Phil in Sufi music singing and later a PhD in Sufi singing (gayan) from Panjab University, Chandigarh.	Satinder Sartaaj	Panjab University
educated at	Truman B. Ransom (September 20, 1802--September 13, 1847) was a Vermont educator and military officer who served as President of Norwich University and commander of a regiment in the Mexican--	Truman B. Ransom	Norwich University
educated at	Kate Carroll a pioneer, who received a B.A. in Chemistry, from Mills College in 1996 and her Ph.D. in Chemistry from Stanford University in 2003.	Kate Carroll	Stanford University
educated at	Kyeon Mi-ri graduated from Seoul Traditional Arts High School in 1983, then studied Dance at Sejong University.	Kyeon Mi-ri	Sejong University
educated at	Born in Woolwich on 25 December 1890, Noël Louis St Pierre Bunbury was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.	Noël Louis St Pierre Bunbury	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	One year after the end of the Cultural Revolution, Zhou Long was one of one hundred students chosen from eighteen thousand applicants to study at the newly reopened Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing in 1977.	Zhou Long	Central Conservatory of Music
educated at	Prof. Sammu Raghu De Silva Chandrakeerthy was born in 1945 and had his schooling at Richmond College, Galle.	Sammu Raghu De Silva Chandrakeerthy	Richmond College
educated at	Nicholas Daniloff (born December 30, 1934) is an American journalist who graduated from Harvard University and was most prominent in the 1980s for his reporting on the Soviet Union.	Nicholas Daniloff	Harvard University
educated at	Andries Mac Leod was born in Ledeberg, a suburb of Ghent, as a son of Julius Mac Leod, a botanist and professor at Ghent University, and of Fanny Mac Leod born Maertens, who was translator from English into Dutch of two books by Kropotkin.	Andries Mac Leod	Ghent University
educated at	Frank M. Bryan is the John G. McCullough Professor of Political Science at the University of Vermont.	Frank M. Bryan	University of Vermont
educated at	Born as the son of a post official in Krems, in the Cisleithanian crown land of Lower Austria, Wilhelm Miklas graduated from high school at Seitenstetten and went on to study history and geography at the University of Vienna.	Wilhelm Miklas	University of Vienna
educated at	Atherstone was the son of William Guybon Atherstone (medical practitioner, naturalist, geologist and MP) and was born in Grahamstown on 20 June 1843, he attended St. Andrew's College, Grahamstown and King's College London where he qualified as a civil engineer.	Guybon Atherstone	King's College London
educated at	Many of Isabella Cannon's grants to Elon University have a focus on education and encourage community service, reflecting on her belief to ``think globally, act locally''.	Isabella Cannon	Elon University
educated at	Wouter Beke studied Social Law at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Political Sciences at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven.	Wouter Beke	Vrije Universiteit Brussel
educated at	Octavian Paler went on to study Philosophy and Law at the University of Bucharest.	Octavian Paler	University of Bucharest
educated at	Rah Digga was born in New Jersey and went to study electrical engineering at the New Jersey Institute of Technology after scoring 1340 out of 1600 on her SATs .	Rah Digga	New Jersey Institute of Technology
educated at	Süreyya Ciliv received his MBA degree from Harvard University in 1983 after successfully graduating with honors in Industry & Operations Engineering and Computer Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1981.	Süreyya Ciliv	University of Michigan
educated at	Rupert Lowe was educated at Radley College and Reading University before gaining a reputation working in the city for companies such as Morgan Grenfell and Deutsche Bank.	Rupert Lowe	Radley College
educated at	Ron Penfound was born on January 28, 1927 in Elyria, Ohio, to Archie and Marjorie (Saywell) Penfound, and served in the U.S. Navy during World War II. He attended Kenyon College and was a classmate of actor Paul Newman.	Ron Penfound	Kenyon College
educated at	John Shert was born at Shert Hall near Macclesfield, Cheshire, and received his degree from Brasenose College, Oxford, in 1566.	John Shert	Brasenose College
educated at	Mordechai Shani received an M.D. from the Hadassah Medical School at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Mordechai Shani	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	The son of the well-known historian of the early American republic and editor of the Papers of Alexander Hamilton, Harold Syrett (d. 1984), David Syrett was graduated from Columbia University in 1961.	David Syrett	Columbia University
educated at	Marjorie Yang holds a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an MBA from the Harvard Business School.	Marjorie Yang	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	Harvard Business School
educated at	Henry Stanbery graduated from Washington College in Washington, Pennsylvania (now Washington and Jefferson College near Pittsburgh) and studied law.	Henry Stanbery	Washington and Jefferson College
educated at	Bernhard Salin took the matriculation examination at the Public Grammar School in Nyköping May 28, 1880 and then became a student at Uppsala University, where he became in 1885 Bachelor in Scandinavian languages, the aesthetics of art and literature, Latin, history, political science and astronomy.	Bernhard Salin	Uppsala University
educated at	Gerardo Molina Ramírez (August 6, 1906 - March 29, 1991) was a Colombian Congressman who served in both chambers, a lawyer and professor who was dean of the National University of Colombia and of the Free University of Colombia.	Gerardo Molina	National University of Colombia
educated at	Daniel Chandler (born 1952) is a British visual semiotician based (since 2001) at the department of Theatre, Film and Television Studies at Aberystwyth University (where he has taught since 1989).	Daniel Chandler	Aberystwyth University
educated at	Bodil Koch graduated from the University of Copenhagen with a master's degree in theology in 1929, the same year she married Hal Koch.	Bodil Koch	University of Copenhagen
educated at	Sara Wheeler was brought up in Bristol and studied Classics and Modern Languages at Brasenose College, University of Oxford.	Sara Wheeler	Brasenose College
educated at	Colgate, a 1922 Yale University graduate, and brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Phi chapter); was also one of five children of Gilbert Colgate, Sr., who was the great-grandson of William Colgate, who founded what is now the Colgate-Palmolive Company.	Gilbert Colgate	Yale University
educated at	Dorothy Bond studied piano and cello at the Royal Academy of Music in London.	Dorothy Bond	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Jaroslav Flegr is a professor of biology at Charles University in Prague.	Jaroslav Flegr	Charles University in Prague
educated at	Israel Knohl (Hebrew: ישראל קנוהל) is the Yehezkel Kaufmann Chair of Biblical studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and a Senior Fellow at Shalom Hartman Institute in Jerusalem.	Israel Knohl	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Maurice Roy Ridley (25 January 1890, in Orcheston St Mary -- 12 June 1969) was a writer and poet, Fellow and Chaplain of Balliol College, Oxford.	Roy Ridley	Balliol College
educated at	Raju Narayana Swamy obtained his Computer Science Graduation from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras.	Raju Narayana Swamy	Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
educated at	Steven Fromholz was born in Temple, Texas and attended the University of North Texas where he was president of the Folk Music Club.	Steven Fromholz	University of North Texas
educated at	The son of Charles Fearne, judge-advocate of the admiralty, he was born in London, and was educated at Westminster School.	Charles Fearne	Westminster School
educated at	Sir Thomas Exton (1631--1688) was an English admiralty lawyer, Member of Parliament, and Master of Trinity Hall, Cambridge.	Thomas Exton	Trinity Hall
founder	Desilu Productions (/ˈdɛsiːluː/) was an American television production company co-owned by husband and wife Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball, best known for shows such as I Love Lucy, Star Trek, and The Untouchables.	Desilu Productions	Desi Arnaz	Lucille Ball
founder	UNESCO has offices in many locations across the globe; its headquarters are located at Place de Fontenoy in Paris, France.	UNESCO	France
founder	The Chester Pipe and Tube Company was a company incorporated in 1877 in Chester, Pennsylvania by shipbuilder John Roach for the manufacture of iron pipes and boiler tubes for the steamships built at his Chester shipyard, the Delaware River Iron Ship Building and Engine Works.	Chester Pipe and Tube Company	John Roach
founder	Schneider's Bakery, Inc. is a television production company founded by Dan Schneider.	Schneider's Bakery	Dan Schneider
founder	Notable individuals such as American actor Leonard Nimoy, American authors Michael Chabon and Ayelet Waldman, and Israeli authors David Grossman and Amos Oz support Peace Now's objectives.	Peace Now	Amos Oz
founder	The Benaki Museum, established and endowed in 1930 by Antonis Benakis in memory of his father Emmanuel Benakis, is housed in the Benakis family mansion in downtown Athens, Greece.	Benaki Museum	Antonis Benakis
founder	Campaign Against Psychiatric Abuse was a group that was founded by Soviet dissident Viktor Fainberg in April 1975 and participated in the struggle against political abuse of psychiatry in the Soviet Union from 1975 to 1988.	Campaign Against Psychiatric Abuse	Viktor Fainberg
founder	Balaji Telefilms is an Indian company owned by actor Jeetendra, which produces Indian soap operas , reality TV, comedy, game shows, entertainment and factual programming in several Indian languages.	Balaji Telefilms	Jeetendra
founder	Austrian Service Abroad is a non-profit initiative and was founded in 1998 by Andreas Maislinger and Andreas Hörtnagl.	Austrian Service Abroad	Andreas Maislinger
founder	In honor of his great-grandfather and grandfather, Maybach heir Ulrich Schmid-Maybach formed the Wilhelm and Karl Maybach Foundation.	Maybach Foundation	Ulrich Schmid-Maybach
founder	Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises (LEYE) is a group of approximately 90 restaurants founded by Rich Melman and Jerry A. Orzoff in Chicago, IL in 1971.	Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises	Rich Melman
founder	Ramoji Film City was established by Indian film producer Ramoji Rao, head of Ramoji Group, in 1996.	Ramoji Film City	Ramoji Rao
founder	The Society of Mary (Marists), is a Roman Catholic religious institute, founded by (later) Father Jean-Claude Colin and a group of other seminarians in France in 1816.	Society of Mary (Marists)	Jean-Claude Colin
founder	The AlloSphere was developed by a team of scientists, led primarily by Professor JoAnn Kuchera-Morin, a professor in the field of Composition, of the Media Arts & Technology Program of UCSB.	AlloSphere	JoAnn Kuchera-Morin
founder	KiK was founded in 1994 by Stefan Heinig and the holding company Tengelmann Group.	KiK	Stefan Heinig
founder	Izaak Enschedé (16 April 1681 in Haarlem -- 1 May 1761 in Haarlem) was the founder of the printing company Royal Joh. Enschedé in 1703.	Izaak Enschedé	Joh. Enschedé
founder	The organization was previously known as the Michael Feinstein Foundation for the Education and Preservation of the Great American Songbook and the Michael Feinstein Great American Songbook Initiative; in July 2014, the organization's board of directors voted to permanently change its name to the Great American Songbook Foundation.	Great American Songbook Foundation	Michael Feinstein
founder	Charles Delaunay, August 1946 Schism between hot clubs Panassié, who through November 1946, had been editor-in-chief of Jazz Hot and President of the Hot Club of France, was furious over Delaunay's views in support for new jazz and threw him out as Secretary General of the Hot Club.	Jazz Hot	Charles Delaunay
founder	The Crusade of Romanianism (Romanian: Cruciada Românismului, also known as Vulturii Albi, ``White Eagles'', or Steliștii, ``Stelists'') was an eclectic far-right movement in Romania, founded in 1934 by Mihai Stelescu.	Crusade of Romanianism	Mihai Stelescu
founder	Bush Heritage Australia was founded in 1990 by Dr Bob Brown who purchased two forested properties in Tasmania, adjoining the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site, to save them from being woodchipped.	Bush Heritage Australia	Bob Brown
founder	Silver Pictures is an American film production company founded by Hollywood producer Joel Silver during 1985.	Silver Pictures	Joel Silver
founder	It was developed by the XFree86 Project, Inc. The lead developer was David Dawes.	XFree86	David Dawes
founder	In 1999 France and Germany started a politico-military initiative to ``prepare the establishment of a European Air Transport Command''.	European Air Transport Command	France	Germany
founder	MusicWriter was founded in 1989 by music industry veterans Jon Monday and Larry Heller to develop and market NoteStation, a kiosk-based retail ``point-of-sale manufacturing'' system for the distribution and printing of sheet music.	MusicWriter	Jon Monday
founder	Derrick Jensen is a prominent member of the Deep Green Resistance Advisory Board.	Deep Green Resistance	Derrick Jensen
founder	FWD (originally Free World Dialup) was a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) network and business venture owned by Pulver.com, Inc. and founded in 1994 by Jeff Pulver, Brandon Lucas, and Izak Jenie.	Free World Dialup	Jeff Pulver
founder	In February 2013, the GEO Group's private foundation pledged US$6 million to company founder George Zoley's alma mater, Florida Atlantic University.	GEO Group	George Zoley
inception	KZBL's website, www.kzblradio.com, was established in May, 2010.	KZBL	2010
inception	The Capital City Film Festival was founded in 2011 in the hopes of screening and encouraging local shorts and feature-length movies being made in and about Michigan.	Capital City Film Festival	2011
inception	Farrar & Rinehart (1929--1946) was a United States book publishing company founded in New York.	Farrar & Rinehart	1929
inception	Nobody's Bizzness was founded in 2004 by French recording artist Miss Kittin.	Nobody's Bizzness	2004
inception	The 9th U-boat Flotilla (German 9. Unterseebootsflottille) was formed in October 1941 in Brest.	9th U-boat Flotilla	1941
inception	The Jesus Lizard was an American rock band formed in 1987 in Austin, Texas and based in Chicago, Illinois.	The Jesus Lizard	1987
inception	Bunchball was founded by Rajat Paharia in 2005 and has raised $17.5 million in funding.	Bunchball	2005
inception	Comedy Central Poland is a Polish-language channel focusing on comedy which was launched on October 19, 2006.	Comedy Central Poland	2006
inception	In 2015, Elance-oDesk was rebranded as Upwork.	Upwork	2015
inception	KTGF started broadcasting on September 21, 1986 under the ownership of Continental Television.	KTGF	1986
inception	Severstal Columbus, LLC, formerly known as SeverCorr Corporation, was founded in April 2005 by a group of steel executives including former Nucor Corporation CEO John Correnti.	SeverCorr	2005
inception	Krezip was a Dutch band from Tilburg, formed in 1997.	Krezip	1997
inception	Siemens Communications division was founded in 1998 through the amalgamation of a number of early groups / divisions of Siemens AG - the oldest of which traces back to the company 'Siemens & Halske Telegraph Construction Company' founded in 1847, and the most prominent predecessor being the 1978 founded 'Siemens Communication Systems'.	Siemens Communications	1998
inception	The Karabakh Khanate (Persian: ՝ خانات قره‌باغ‎‎ -- Khānāt-e Ḡarabāḡ, Azerbaijani: Qarabağ xanlığı) was a semi-independent Turkic khanate on the territories of modern Azerbaijan established in about 1750 under Persian suzerainty in Karabakh and adjacent areas.	Karabakh Khanate	1750
inception	Smoky Mountain Wrestling was a professional wrestling promotion that held events in the Appalachian area of the United States from October 1991 to December 1995, when it was run by Jim Cornette.	Smoky Mountain Wrestling	1991
inception	Founded in 2006, Skysouth began operations to France in June 2006.	Skysouth	2006
inception	Korn (stylized as KoЯn) is an American nu metal band from Bakersfield, California, formed in 1993.	Korn	1993
inception	Bird Rock State Marine Conservation Area and Blue Cavern State Marine Conservation Areas are two of 36 new marine protected areas adopted by the California Fish and Game Commission in December, 2010 during the third phase of the Marine Life Protection Act Initiative.	Bird Rock State Marine Conservation Area and Blue Cavern State Marine Conservation Areas	2010
inception	The Elbhangfest is a street festival held in Dresden, Germany on the last weekend of June each year since 1990, focusing on the unique culture and built landscape of the hillsides on the banks of the Elbe river.	Elbhangfest	1990
inception	The United States Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) approved the formula for Kübler Absinthe in 2004, and approved the product for sale in the United States in May 2007 after three years of discussions among Kübler, Food and Drug Administration, TTB, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection.	Kübler Absinthe	2007
inception	WLYC's first air date was June 26, 1951.	WLYC	1951
inception	The DesignSingapore Council (Chinese: 新加坡设计理事会) of Singapore was established in 2003 as the national agency for promoting design.	DesignSingapore Council	2003
inception	Princess Air was a British charter airline between 1989 and 1991 with headquarters at Southend-on-Sea in Essex and an operating base at Southend Airport.	Princess Air	1989
inception	Midnight Syndicate is an American musical group that has been working mainly in the genre of gothic music since 1997 and is based out of Chardon, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland.	Midnight Syndicate	1997
inception	In 1999, the station became an Italian restaurant and received its current name, La Stazione.	La Stazione	1999
inception	The Everett Hawks are a now-defunct professional (2002--05) and later minor-league (2006--07) arena football team based in Everett, Washington, USA.	Everett Hawks	2002
inception	Ameriprise Financial began life as Investors Syndicate in 1894.	Ameriprise Financial	1894
inception	On 18 February 2010, Denim Air ceased operations after all wet-lease contracts had ended within weeks and Dutch legal company De Vos & Partners was appointed as curator of wet-lease specialist Denim Air after it was declared bankrupt.	Denim Air	2010
inception	Godkiller is a one-man industrial black metal band from Monaco featuring Duke, started in 1994.	Godkiller	1994
inception	The Naters Brass Quintet (NBQ) was a small group formed in 1990, and is known for its modern entertainment music.	Naters Brass Quintet	1990
inception	JEERK is a rhythm performance group from Sweden, which was formed in 2002.	JEERK	2002
inception	The channel was launched in September 2001 as DejaView.	DejaView	2001
inception	The Canadian Football Network (CFN) was the official television syndication service of the Canadian Football League from 1987 to 1990.	Canadian Football Network	1987
inception	Russia-1 (Russian: Россия-1) is a state-owned Russian television channel founded in 1991.	Russia-1	1991
inception	WWOOF originally stood for ``Working Weekends On Organic Farms'' and began in England in 1971.	WWOOF	1971
inception	It began in 1999, when Lucasfilm held the Star Wars Celebration in Denver, Colorado to celebrate the upcoming release of Star Wars Episode I:	Star Wars Celebration	1999
inception	In September 1999, the four left McFarlane to found Four Horsemen Studios, where, in a partnership with Mattel, they created hundreds of figures for Mattel's Masters of the Universe, The Dark Knight, Harry Potter, DC Universe Classics and Man of Steel toy lines, among others.	Four Horsemen Studios	1999
inception	Committee for National Revolution was a Turkic Nationalist Uighur party which existed in 1932-1934.	Committee for National Revolution	1932
inception	KXFT signed on in November 2007 with a Top 40 (CHR) format as ``99X''.	KXFT	2007
inception	Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1988 to protect the Mississippi/Red River floodplain ecosystem.	Lake Ophelia National Wildlife Refuge	1988
inception	Juno Reactor was formed as an art project in 1990.	Juno Reactor	1990
inception	Broadway Books, an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group, a Division of Random House, Inc., released its first list in Fall, 1996.	Broadway Books	1996
inception	Oy Karelian Trains Ltd is a joint venture agreed on 23 November 2006 between Russian Railways (RZhD) and VR Group (Finnish Railways) to facilitate the operation of international express passenger rail services between Helsinki, Finland, and Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Karelian Trains	23 November 2006
inception	Mediaset Premium was launched on January 20, 2005, initially offering only pay-per-view services for movies and sports.	Mediaset Premium	2005
inception	Tamil Nadu Fisheries University (TNFU) is the 20th university in Tamil Nadu, founded in 2012 in Nagapattinam, Nagapattinam district.	Tamil Nadu Fisheries University	2012
inception	The Omaha Vipers were a professional indoor soccer team that began play in the MISL in the 2010-11 season.	Omaha Vipers	2010
inception	Vennaskond (Estonian for Brotherhood) is an Estonian punk rock band founded in 1984.	Vennaskond	1984
inception	Marmot Day was first celebrated in 2002 as a day celebrating all marmots.	Marmot Day	2002
inception	Cyprus Turkish Airlines was established on 4 December 1974 in Nicosia, with shares equally divided between THY and the Cash Development of the Consolidated Fund of the Assembly of the Turkish Cypriot Community (Konsolide Fonu Inkisaf Sandigi).	Cyprus Turkish Airlines	1974
inception	GMO Answers launched by the agricultural biotechnology industry in July 2013 to answer consumers'' questions about genetically modified organisms (GMOs) in crops in the U.S. food supply.	GMO Answers	2013
inception	Stop Islamisation of Norway (Norwegian: Stopp islamiseringen av Norge, SIAN) is a Norwegian organisation which was established in 2008, although its history goes back to a group started in 2000.	Stop Islamisation of Norway	2008
inception	The Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study of George Mason University was chartered in 1990 as a result of a bequest from Shelley Krasnow, a long-time resident of the National Capital Area.	Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study	1990
inception	Torquil Norman started Bluebird Toys in 1980, his first product being the now famous Big Yellow Teapot House.	Bluebird Toys	1980
inception	In 1818, the entire island of Palawan, or Paragua as it was called, was organized as a single province named Calamianes, with its capital in Taytay.	Palawan	1818
inception	Kon Ka Kinh National Park (Vietnamese: Vườn quốc gia Kon Ka Kinh) is a national park of Vietnam, established by the decision (167/2002/QĐ-TTg) on November 25, 2002 of the then Prime Minister, Phan Văn Khải.	Kon Ka Kinh National Park	2002
inception	Ocean Group International is a private holding company founded in 2005.	Ocean Group International	2005
inception	The Norwegian Students' Society was established during 1813 in Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian Students' Society	1813
inception	Centavia was established in 2005 and received its first aircraft, a BAe 146-200, on 15 June 2006 from Meridiana.	Centavia	2005
inception	Greasy Grapes is a rock & roll band formed in 2006 by Antonio Romero (guitar), Leo Laya (vocals), Alberto Márquez (bass) and Rafael Márquez (drums) in Caracas and mostly influenced by Southern Rock bands from the Deep South of the US.	Greasy Grapes	2006
inception	The Fabri Literary Prize was established in 2006 to honor the memory of Frances Fabri.	Fabri Literary Prize	2006
inception	World Faith is an international NGO founded in 2008 by Frank Fredericks.	World Faith	2008
inception	Established as an Attack Squadron designated VA-127 on 15 June 1962 at NAS Lemoore, California, it was redesignated VFA-127 on 1 March 1987.	VFA-127	15 June 1962
inception	Mantric is a progressive metal band from Oslo, Norway that formed in 2007.	Mantric	2007
inception	The Rotary Smith Award was created in 1988 to honor the most outstanding college baseball player of the year.	Rotary Smith Award	1988
inception	Its predecessor, the Chicago and Alton Railroad (reporting mark C&A), was purchased by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in 1931 and was controlled until 1942 when the Alton was released to the courts.	Alton Railroad	1931
inception	The Gathering Field are an American rock quartet from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, who recorded five albums from 1994 until 2001.	The Gathering Field	1994
inception	The Castle Coalition was founded in March 2002 as a project of the Institute for Justice in response to the number of the requests attorneys received from citizens facing threats of eminent domain who were years away from any actual litigation.	Castle Coalition	2002
inception	The Global Indian Foundation (GIF) is a Singapore-based non-profit foundation which was established in 2002 to provide quality education and allied services to the Indian diaspora across the world.	Global Indian Foundation	2002
inception	The municipality was established on 18 May 2014 merging with existing Janalibandali, Kuntibandali, Oligau, Jupu and Mangalsen VDCs.	Mangalsen	2014
inception	Founded in 1990, Fraser Valley Distance Education School is part of a provincial group of nine distance education schools located throughout British Columbia.	Fraser Valley Distance Education School	1990
inception	It was established on 15 June 1935, originally as the Young Lushai Association (YLA), which was later replaced with the ``Young Mizo Association'' in 1947.	Young Mizo Association	15 June 1935
inception	Belfast Harlequins was formed in 1999 with the merger of Collegians, North of Ireland Cricket Club and North of Ireland Football Club.	Belfast Harlequins	1999
inception	Getac was established in 1989 as a joint venture between Taiwanese computer electronics manufacturer MiTAC and GE Aerospace Group, and is a subsidiary of MiTAC-Synnex.	Getac	1989
inception	The AVA Radio Company (Polish: Wytwórnia Radiotechniczna AVA) was a Polish electronics firm founded in 1929 in Warsaw, Poland.	AVA Radio Company	1929
inception	The Shevchenko Scientific Society is a Ukrainian scientific society devoted to the promotion of scholarly research and publication that was founded in 1873.	Shevchenko Scientific Society	1873
inception	Goatwhore is an American extreme metal band formed in 1997 in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States.	Goatwhore	1997
inception	The Anti-Masonic Party was formed in upstate New York in February of 1828.	Anti-Masonic Party	1828
inception	Velocity Games is an internationally recognized action sports event founded in Texas in 2003 and considered ``the most publicized windsports event in the nation,'' by Kiteatlas.com.	Velocity Games	2003
inception	Enterproid was founded in 2010 by former Morgan Stanley mobile security and IT executives.	Enterproid	2010
inception	Speed Up is an Italian motorcycle racing team and constructor founded in 2010 and based in Vicenza, Italy.	Speed Up	2010
inception	Krrb.com launched in November 2010 and incorporated as Krrb, Inc. in January 2011.	Krrb	2010
inception	Averse Sefira was formed in 1996 by guitarist and vocalist Sanguine Mapsama and bassist Wrath Sathariel Diabolus.	Averse Sefira	1996
inception	TVSN began broadcasting in 1995 from their Lane Cove, Sydney headquarters.	TVSN	1995
inception	50FOOTWAVE is an American alternative rock band, formed in 2003.	50FOOTWAVE	2003
inception	The company was founded in Berlin by bookseller Carl Herlitz in September 1904 as a stationery wholesaler.	Herlitz	1904
inception	Animal Allsorts is a registered animal rescue charity in the United Kingdom founded in 2002 by Theresa Hipkiss.	Animal Allsorts	2002
inception	The first Reading Pride was held on Saturday 4 September 2004 at King's Meadow in Reading.	Reading Pride	2004
inception	I Don't Pay Movement (Greek: Κίνημα Δεν Πληρώνω, Kínima den Pliróno) is a Greek political party founded in March 2012 by citizens who participated in the ``I don't pay'' movement.	I Don't Pay Movement	2012
inception	San Marino Common Good (Italian: San Marino Bene Comune) is a centrist political and electoral alliance in San Marino, formed to contest the 2012 general election.	San Marino Common Good	2012
inception	The Computer Conservation Society (CCS) is a British organisation, founded in 1989.	Computer Conservation Society	1989
inception	The debut album, Antony and the Johnsons, was released in 1998.	Antony and the Johnsons	1998
inception	Nakornpayap International School is a K-12 International school founded in 1993 in Chiang Mai, Thailand offering an American style curriculum.	Nakornpayap International School	1993
inception	National Geographic Abu Dhabi is a free-to-air documentary channel that started broadcasting on July 1, 2009.	National Geographic Abu Dhabi	2009
inception	Vuneny are an experimental band, formed in 2003 as ``electro-acoustic'' project.	Vuneny	2003
inception	Société de Microélectronique et d'Horlogerie was the original name of the new holding company issued from the merger enforced by the Swiss Banks in 1983 of both the SSIH and ASUAG, now Swatch Group (see ).	Société de Microélectronique et d'Horlogerie	1983
inception	The Fraumünster Church (lit. in English: Women's Minster, but often wrongly translated to (Our) Lady Minster) in Zurich is built on the remains of a former abbey for aristocratic women which was founded in 853 by Louis the German for his daughter Hildegard.	Fraumünster	853
inception	Girish and The Chronicles (commonly abbreviated as GATC) is an Indian Hard rock/Heavy Metal band from Gangtok, Sikkim, formed in 2009, by the Singer-Songwriter/Vocalist Girish Pradhan.	Girish and The Chronicles	2009
inception	In 1908 the Christian Historical Party merged with the Frisian League to found the Christian Historical Union.	Christian Historical Union	1908
inception	It was built in 1917--1918 by the Kunsthalle Bern Association and opened on October 5, 1918.	Kunsthalle Bern	1918
inception	Miss Junk is a trash-hauling company Launched in 2008 by brothers Ramon and Tony Mercado.	Miss Junk	2008
inception	In 1996 Pearson, PLC. bought the production company All American Television, and then re-branded it as Pearson Television.	Pearson Television	1996
inception	Dub Proof was founded in 2007 by bassist Nick Paolise, guitarist/vocalist Sean Milano, saxophonist David Hollander and drummer Patrick Clarke.	Dub Proof	2007
inception	Sud-PTT is a French trade union created in fall 1988 after the exclusion of more radical elements from the CFDT-PTT.	Sud-PTT	1988
inception	The first Wayback Burgers location was opened in 1991 in Delaware, under the name Jake's Hamburgers.	Wayback Burgers	1991
inception	Apogee Components, established in 1989, is a company that supplies motors, kits and components for mid and high power rocketry.	Apogee Components	1989
inception	Headquartered at Chennai, The Hindu was published weekly when it was launched in 1878, and started publishing daily in 1889.	The Hindu	1878
inception	The Connecticut Grand Opera and Orchestra is a non-profit, professional opera company and orchestra founded under that name in 1993 and based in Stamford, Connecticut in the United States.	Connecticut Grand Opera and Orchestra	1993
inception	Underground Development (formerly known as Z-Axis Games) was a video game developer founded in 1994 by David Luntz.	Underground Development	1994
inception	The Migration Policy Institute (MPI) is a Washington, D.C.-based think tank established in 2001 by Kathleen Newland and Demetrios G. Papademetriou.	Migration Policy Institute	2001
inception	The Association Nationale pour le Développement des Arts de la Mode (English: National Association for the Development of the Fashion Arts) commonly known as ANDAM, is a nonprofit association law created 1989, which organizes a contest intended to identify each year and launch designers on the scene of the French and international fashion.	Association Nationale pour le Développement des Arts de la Mode	1989
inception	The Quicken Loans National (known as the AT&T National from 2007 to 2013) is a professional golf tournament on the PGA Tour in the Washington D.C. area, held either during late June or during the Fourth of July weekend.	Quicken Loans National	2007
inception	Fiksu, which means ``smart'' in Finnish, was originally founded in 2008 by Micah Adler as Fluent Mobile, a news-aggregating mobile app. In early 2011, faced with mounting marketing costs, Fluent developed a set of algorithmic tools for lowering the cost of mobile app user acquisition.	Fiksu	2008
inception	Interac was founded in 1984 as a cooperative venture between five financial institutions:	Interac	1984
inception	Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) was incorporated in May 1995, construction started in 1998, and the first section, on the Red Line, opened in 2002.	Delhi Metro	2002
inception	Changsha Medical University/College (CSMU), China's governmental medical university for undergraduates,was founded by the famous educator Binsheng He in 1989.	Changsha Medical University	1989
inception	The Coast Alliance (Spanish: Alianza Costeña - AC) was a regional Nicaraguan political coalition of five parties founded in 1997 in opposition to the Constitutionalist Liberal Party and the Sandinista National Liberation Front.	Coast Alliance	1997
inception	The Newkirk Viaduct Monument was erected in 1839 in present-day Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad to mark the 1838 completion of the Newkirk Viaduct, also called the Gray's Ferry Bridge, over the Schuylkill River.	Newkirk Viaduct Monument	1838
inception	The World Day Against Child Labour is an International Labour Organization (ILO) sanctioned holiday first launched in 2002 aiming to raise awareness and activism to prevent child labour.	World Day Against Child Labour	2002
inception	The Alphonsian Academy was founded in 1949 by the Redemptorists.	Alphonsian Academy	1949
inception	Big Big Train is an English progressive rock band, founded in 1990.	Big Big Train	1990
inception	Blue Scholars is an American hip hop duo based in Seattle, Washington, created in 2002 while the members, DJ Sabzi (Saba Mohajerjasbi) and MC Geologic (George Quibuyen), were students at University of Washington.	Blue Scholars	2002
inception	United Therapeutics was founded in 1996 by Martine Rothblatt, an American lawyer, author, and entrepreneur.	United Therapeutics	1996
inception	Toccata Classics is an independent British classic music label founded in 2005.	Toccata Classics	2005
inception	Funk Trek is a funk/jazz fusion band formed in 2008 in Omaha, Nebraska by cousins Tom Murnan and Dan Pflug, with guitarist and friend Andrew Wahl.	Funk Trek	2008
inception	Aperture Entertainment is a boutique management/production company founded by Adam Goldworm in March 2009.	Aperture Entertainment	2009
inception	The company that is today Croatia Records was founded in 1947 in Zagreb, the capital of the then-People's Republic of Croatia under the name Jugoton, a publicly owned company which was the largest record label and chain record store in the former SFR Yugoslavia.	Croatia Records	1947
inception	In 1881, the line was sold to a syndicate that included William J. Palmer and it was given a new charter as the Texas Mexican Railway.	Texas Mexican Railway	1881
inception	United International University (Bengali: ইউনাইটেড আন্তর্জাতিক বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) or UIU is a private university located in Dhaka, Bangladesh, The government of Bangladesh approved the establishment of United International University in 2003 under the Private University Act (PUA) 1992 (now replaced by PUA 2010).	United International University	2003
inception	The Grote Prijs Stad Eeklo is a cyclo-cross race in Eeklo, Belgium organised since 1996 by Wielerclub Sportvrienden Eeklo.	Grote Prijs Stad Eeklo	1996
inception	Vulcanair was founded in 1996 after purchasing all the assets, type design, trademarks and rights of the bankrupt Partenavia.	Vulcanair	1996
inception	Team Lazarus were founded in 2009 by Tancredi Pagiaro, who also founded the GP Racing team in 1997.	Team Lazarus	2009
inception	Cardiacs are an English rock band formed in 1977, originally as Cardiac Arrest, led by Tim Smith.	Cardiacs	1977
inception	Park Place Productions was a corporation founded in 1989 by Michael Knox, Troy Lyndon and Stephen Quinn.	Park Place Productions	1989
inception	The ECI Prize is a prize awarded annually from 1986 onwards to an ecologist distinguished by outstanding and sustained scientific achievements.	ECI Prize	1986
inception	Manufactum was founded in 1988 by Thomas Hoof, former managing director of the German Green Party in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Manufactum	1988
inception	The Campaign for Primary Accountability is a nonpartisan Super PAC created in 2011.	Campaign for Primary Accountability	2011
inception	It was founded in either 1732 or in 1773 and was called Sysertsky Zavod (Сысертский Завод) until 1932.	Sysert	1732
inception	A&E Records was formalised on 19 May 2003, when the NewsCorp Music Group of independent record labels, comprising Mushroom Records UK, Infectious Records, Ultimate Dilemma, Perfecto and 48K, were absorbed into WMG's East West after 20 months of negotiations, with all of its roster transferring over.	A&E Records	2003
inception	Joy Air is a Chinese airline launched jointly by China Eastern Airlines and AVIC I on March 29, 2008 based at Xi'an.	Joy Air	2008
inception	Oil Transporting Joint-Stock Company Transneft was established by Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation No. 810 dated 14 August 1993 in pursuance of Decree of the President of the Russian Federation No. 1403 dated 17 November 1992.	Transneft	1993
inception	Fagor Electrodomésticos was one many companies in the Mondragon Group, the world's largest workers' co-operative group formed in 1956 in a small workshop in Mondragon, Spain.	Fagor	1956
inception	In 1542, records indicate that 126 people were living in Guadalajara and, in the same year, the status of city was granted by the king of Spain.	Guadalajara	1542
inception	BooksActually was established by Kenny Leck and Karen Wai in 2005 on the second floor of a shophouse along Telok Ayer Street with capital pooled from savings and family.	BooksActually	2005
inception	Eyedentity Games, Inc. is a South Korean developer of online games founded in 2007.	Eyedentity Games	2007
inception	Jurnal TV represents a general TV channel from the Republic of Moldova, launched in 2009 on Internet and in 2010 in ether, which transmits in Romanian and partially in Russian.	Jurnal TV	2009
inception	Bayer AG (/ˈbaɪər/; German pronunciation: (ˈbaɪ̯ɐ)) is a German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical company founded in Barmen (today a part of Wuppertal), Germany in 1863.	Bayer	1863
inception	Asphyx is a Dutch death metal band that was formed in Overijssel, Netherlands in 1987.	Asphyx	1987
inception	The Board of Studies was the state government education board in New South Wales, Australia from 1990 to 2013.	Board of Studies	1990
inception	AMPEI was founded in 1992 in a meeting in which Sylvia Ortega-Salazar was elected as its first President.	AMPEI	1992
inception	The Klaipėda Region (Lithuanian: Klaipėdos kraštas) or Memel Territory (German: Memelland or Memelgebiet) was defined by the Treaty of Versailles in 1920 and refers to the most northern part of the German province of East Prussia, when as Memelland it was put under the administration of the Council of Ambassadors.	Klaipėda Region	1920
inception	The channel originated in 1947 as ``Hilversum 2'', and transmitted using its original name until 1 December 1985, when the name was changed to ``Radio 1'', and remained so until becoming ``NPO Radio 1'' in 2014.	NPO Radio 1	1 December 1985
inception	Jackie-O Motherfucker is an American experimental music group that formed in Portland, Oregon in 1994.	Jackie-O Motherfucker	1994
inception	The OU was established under the Open University of Mauritius Act No. 2 of 2010, proclaimed in July 2012.	Open University of Mauritius	2012
inception	They Might Be Giants (often abbreviated as TMBG) is an American alternative rock band formed in 1982 by John Flansburgh and John Linnell.	They Might Be Giants	1982
inception	GNATS had its first stable release in 1992.	GNATS	1992
inception	The John Mackintosh Hall was opened to the public by the then Governor, General Sir Dudley Ward, on 8 April 1964.	John Mackintosh Hall	8 April 1964
inception	FIBA EuroStars was an annual event, organized by FIBA Europe, as a showcase basketball game, from 1996-97 season until the 1999-00 season.	FIBA EuroStars	1996
inception	The Jazz Foundation of America (JFA) is a non-profit organization based in Manhattan, New York founded in 1989.	Jazz Foundation of America	1989
inception	Abington Art Center, located in Abington Township, a northern suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, is a non-collecting contemporary art museum located in a 1939 manor house with exhibition galleries and a sculpture park.	Abington Art Center	1939
inception	Finally, Novoair started conducting domestic flights as a scheduled operation on January 2013.	Novoair	2013
inception	Markize is a French-Russian heavy metal band founded in 2003 by the singer-songwriter Alina Dunaevskaya and drummer David Verbecq.	Markize	2003
inception	Electric Sound of Joy were a rock band formed in Chesterfield in 1994 They released an eponymous album in 1999 and also recorded a Peel Session.	Electric Sound of Joy	1994
inception	Redback Networks was founded in August, 1996 by Gaurav Garg and Asher Waldfogel, and traded on NASDAQ under the symbol RBAK.	Redback Networks	1996
inception	Judy Sole founded the Government by the People Green Party (GPGP) in 1999, and the party has contested elections as the Green Party of South Africa since the 2000 local elections.	Green Party of South Africa	1999
inception	The community of Wehretal, containing 3 920 ha, came into being in 1971 and 1972 through the merger of the communities of Hoheneiche, Langenhain, Vierbach and Oetmannshausen into the administrative centre, the community of Reichensachsen.	Wehretal	1971
inception	In 1999, it created the separate Foundation for People with Learning Disabilities.	Foundation for People with Learning Disabilities	1999
inception	The International Energy Agency (IEA; French: Agence internationale de l'énergie) is a Paris-based autonomous intergovernmental organization established in the framework of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) in 1974 in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis.	International Energy Agency	1973
inception	In Basel, in 1433, Gersau received original confirmation of the ancient freedoms, rights and privileges from Emperor Sigismund, thus becoming a Reichsunmittelbar municipality under the direct protection of the Holy Roman Emperor, with its own courts, covering an area of 24 km2 (9.3 sq mi).	Gersau	1433
inception	Transmeta was founded in 1995 by Bob Cmelik, Dave Ditzel, Colin Hunter, Ed Kelly, Doug Laird, Malcolm Wing and Greg Zyner.	Transmeta	1995
inception	The Procussions were formed in Colorado Springs, Colorado in 1998 when two competing b-boy crews --	The Procussions	1998
inception	Kreindler & Kreindler LLP is a U.S. law firm founded in 1950 with offices in New York, California and Massachusetts.	Kreindler & Kreindler	1950
inception	Parkwood Entertainment is an American entertainment and management company founded by American singer Beyoncé in 2008.	Parkwood Entertainment	2008
inception	International Technological University (ITU) was founded in 1994 by Professor Shu-Park Chan, previously a professor and interim dean of the School of Engineering at Santa Clara University.	International Technological University	1994
inception	Widdlesworth was formed in November 2003 by Ryland Raus as an acoustic solo project.	Widdlesworth	2003
inception	Prehype partnered with Matt Meeker and Carly Strife in September 2011 to develop a new business called BarkBox.	Prehype	2011
inception	The Australian Commission for Law Enforcement Integrity (ACLEI) is an Australian government statutory agency, created under the Law Enforcement Integrity Commissioner Act 2006.	Australian Commission for Law Enforcement Integrity	2006
inception	Dope Stars Inc. is an alternative and industrial rock band from Rome, Italy formed in 2003.	Dope Stars Inc.	2003
inception	Sweet Billy Pilgrim formed in 2003 after their previous band, Cordisto, came to an end.	Sweet Billy Pilgrim	2003
inception	H. Aschehoug & Co. (W. Nygaard), commonly known as Aschehoug,(pronounced (ˈɑskəˈhæʉ)) is one of the largest independent publishing companies in Norway, founded in 1872.	Aschehoug	1872
inception	Established in 1964, the Robert Bosch Stiftung aims to advance the philanthropic and social endeavors of founder Robert Bosch (1861--1942).	Robert Bosch Stiftung	1964
inception	It was not until 8 April 1875 that a bill was finally passed providing for the creation of a Supreme Court of Canada.	Supreme Court of Canada	8 April 1875
inception	The second Republic of Yucatán began in 1841, with its declaration of independence from the Mexican Federation.	Republic of Yucatán	1841
inception	The Human Chain for Hungary (Hungarian: Élőlánc Magyarországért), or simply Human Chain, is a green political party in Hungary, founded in October 2005.	Human Chain for Hungary	2005
inception	The NAACP Theatre Awards are a NAACP member voted awards started in 1991 and presented annually by the Beverly Hills-Hollywood branch of the NAACP to honor outstanding people of color in theatre.	NAACP Theatre Awards	1991
inception	The Institute for Study of the Jewish Question or Institute for Research of the Jewish Question (Institut zur Erforschung der Judenfrage) was a Nazi party-political institution, founded in April 1939.	Institute for Study of the Jewish Question	1939
inception	Mokoma is a Finnish thrash metal band formed in Lappeenranta in 1996.	Mokoma	1996
inception	Justice for Jews from Arab Countries (JJAC) is a political advocacy organization founded in New York in 2002, which was formed by the Conference of Presidents, the World Jewish Congress, the American Sephardi Federation, and the World Organization of Jews from Arab Countries.	Justice for Jews from Arab Countries	2002
inception	Gold Medal Books, launched by Fawcett Publications in 1950, was a U.S. book publisher known for introducing paperback originals, a publishing innovation at the time.	Gold Medal Books	1950
inception	Castleson High is a high school institution established in 1995.	Castleson High	1995
inception	Libera! was founded in 2004 in Barcelona.	Libera!	2004
inception	In 1971, AMC made the General Products Division of Jeep (producing military trucks, as well as contract and non-commercial vehicles) a wholly owned subsidiary and renamed it AM General Corporation.	AM General	1971
inception	Anti Video Piracy Association of Singapore (AVPAS) is an anti-piracy alliance with other anime producers founded by Odex on 30 July 2003.	Anti Video Piracy Association of Singapore	2003
inception	Monsieur Doumani is a three-piece Cypriot band formed in Nicosia in 2011 and was nominated for ``Best Newcomer'' in the acclaimed Songlines Music Awards 2014.	Monsieur Doumani	2011
inception	Siemens Wind Power, (formerly Danregn Vindkraft A/S and Bonus Energy A/S) is a wind turbine manufacturer established in 1980 as Danregn Vindkraft.	Siemens Wind Power	1980
inception	Shadow Records was launched in 1995 as an Instinct Records sub-label to focus on the more organic side of the underground electronic music scene.	Shadow Records	1995
inception	Ruby Receptionists was founded as Worksource Inc by Jill Nelson in 2003.	Ruby Receptionists	2003
inception	The Edgar Martínez Outstanding Designated Hitter Award, commonly referred to as the Edgar Martínez Award and originally known as the Outstanding Designated Hitter Award, has been presented annually to the most outstanding designated hitter (DH) in the American League (AL) in Major League Baseball (MLB) since 1973.	Edgar Martínez Award	1973
inception	The European Investment Bank (EIB) is the European Union's nonprofit long-term lending institution established in 1958 under the Treaty of Rome.	European Investment Bank	1958
inception	With roots that go back to approximately 1832, the companies that went on to become American LaFrance built hand-drawn, horse-drawn, and steam-powered fire engines.	American LaFrance	1832
inception	The Secular Coalition for America was founded in 2002 with a melding of four U.S. secular organizations:	Secular Coalition for America	2002
inception	The Delaware College of Art and Design (DCAD) was founded in 1997 through a partnership between the Pratt Institute and the Corcoran College of Art and Design.	Delaware College of Art and Design	1997
inception	The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-F828 is a digital bridge camera announced by Sony on August 15, 2003.	Sony Cyber-shot DSC-F828	2003
inception	Band of Susans was an American noise rock band formed in New York City in 1986.	Band of Susans	1986
inception	The Central Bank of Liberia, known as ``CBL'', was founded on 18 October 1999 by an act of the Liberian legislature, and began operations in the year 2000, at which time the National Bank of Liberia, or ``NBL'', was dissolved.	Central Bank of Liberia	1999
inception	Haier had been founded as Qingdao Refrigerator Co. in 1984.	Haier	1984
inception	RTL Televizija is a Croatian commercial broadcaster with national availability that has been broadcasting since 30 April 2004.	RTL Televizija	2004
inception	The agency was created by consolidating three existing space entities into a single new organization via the Space Florida Act, enacted in May 2006 by the Florida Legislature.	Space Florida	2006
inception	In 1988, US subsidiary KTM North America Inc. was founded in Lorain, Ohio.	KTM	1988
inception	The Chemours Company, commonly referred to as Chemours, is an American chemical company that was founded in July 2015 as a spin-off from DuPont.	Chemours	2015
inception	Ugly Love (1998) Spottiswoode & His Enemies (2000) Building A Road (2002) That's What I Like (2007) Salvation (2008) Wild Goosechase Expedition (2011) English Dream (2014)	Spottiswoode & His Enemies	1998
inception	North Melbourne Football Club originated in the year 1869, when a football team was formed for local cricketers desiring to keep fit over the winter months.	North Melbourne Football Club	1869
inception	The Vilnius International Film Festival (VIFF) - ``Kino pavasaris'' is a film festival held annually in March in Vilnius, Lithuania since 1995, and is the largest film festival in the nation in number of films and audience.	Vilnius International Film Festival	1995
inception	The Dubliners were an Irish folk band founded in Dublin in 1962.	The Dubliners	1962
inception	The Navy Ceremonial Duty Ribbon is a decoration of the United States Navy which was established on December 12, 2003 by order of Secretary of the Navy Gordon R. England.	Navy Ceremonial Duty Ribbon	2003
inception	Azari & III (pronounced ``Azari and Third'') were a Canadian music group formed in 2008, performing house, electronic and dance music.	Azari & III	2008
inception	L.A. Style wes most notable for their 1991 single ``James Brown Is Dead'', which appeared on Billboard's Hot 100 Airplay chart, becoming the first EDM techno music to venture near the top 50 of the main Billboard singles chart.	L.A. Style	1991
inception	In 1949, it was merged with the villages and renamed Zhigulyovsk.	Zhigulyovsk	1949
inception	The Department of Finance was formed by way of an Administrative Arrangements Order issued on 18 September 2013 and replaced the functions previously performed by the former Department of Finance and Deregulation.	Department of Finance and Deregulation	2013
inception	Aggeneys is a mining town established in 1976 on a farm of that name, situated between Pofadder and Springbok in the Northern Cape, South Africa.	Aggeneys	1976
inception	Primer 55 was formed in 1997 by guitarist Bobby Burns and vocalist J-Sin.	Primer 55	1997
inception	The Spartans Drum and Bugle Corps was founded in 1955 by Albert LaFlamme as a way to keep at-risk youth off of the streets.	Spartans Drum and Bugle Corps	1955
inception	A class D station, WGEV applied for a power upgrade and move to class A status in 1989 but that move was rejected in July 1989 as it would have caused significant interference with the broadcast signal of WYSU in Youngstown, Ohio.	WGEV	1989
inception	Zekes was a dansband, established in January 2009 in Skara, Sweden.	Zekes	2009
inception	They established the Sree Narayana Sevika Samajam in 1964.	Sree Narayana Sevika Samajam	1964
inception	Stratesec (formerly known as Securacom and Burns and Roe Securacom) was a security company founded in 1987 and based out of Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey.	Stratesec	1987
inception	On 1 January 2016, the former commune Les Moëres was merged into Ghyvelde.	Ghyvelde	1 January 2016
inception	Ourlives is an Icelandic rock band that formed in Reykjavik Iceland in 2005.	Ourlives	2005
inception	Originally an a cappella vocal group founded in 1989, The Cardinall's Musick embraces a wide range of styles and periods: from a complete reconstruction of a Tudor mass in Hampton Court to the world premieres of commissions from composers Michael Finnissy, Matthew Martin, Judith Weir and Simon Whalley.	The Cardinall's Musick	1989
inception	Hostess Brands, LLC is a bakery company formed in June 2013.	Hostess Brands	2013
inception	Rockford Iqra School was established in 1998 as an elementary school.	Rockford Iqra School	1998
inception	St. John Vianney Roman Catholic Primary School is a school in Port Loyola, Belize City, Belize, established in 1987.	St. John Vianney Roman Catholic Primary School	1987
inception	Street Kids International (or Street Kids) is a Canadian based non-governmental organization founded by Peter Dalglish and Frank O'Dea in 1988.	Street Kids International	1988
inception	VisualSonics was founded in 1999 by medical physicist Dr. Stuart Foster, who has been involved in the development of high-frequency ultrasonic systems since 1983.	VisualSonics	1999
inception	Eesti Päevaleht was founded on 5 June 1995, when the newspapers Hommikuleht, Päevaleht (previously Noorte Hääl) and Rahva Hääl were merged into a single publication.	Eesti Päevaleht	1995
inception	The Itaipava São Paulo Indy 300 presented by Nestlé was an event in the IRL IndyCar Series, which opened the 2010 IndyCar Series season.	São Paulo Indy 300	2010
inception	Ghad El-Thawra Party (Arabic: حزب غد الثورة‎ Ḥizb Ghad el-Thawra; ``Revolution's Tomorrow Party''), is a Egyptian political party that was approved on 9 October 2011.	Ghad El-Thawra Party	2011
inception	JYJ (formerly known as Junsu/Yuchun/Jejung in Japan) is a South Korean pop group formed in 2010 by Jaejoong, Yoochun, and Junsu, the three former members of TVXQ.	JYJ	2010
inception	Vistula University (VU) (Akademia Finansów i Biznesu Vistula) was founded in 1996 and is one of the first private universities of Poland.	Vistula University	1996
inception	Their 2006 debut album Ayer Fue Kumbia Kings, Hoy Es Kumbia All Starz reached number one on United States Billboard's Latin Pop Albums chart, number one on the Top Latin Albums chart, and number sixty-eight on the United States Billboard 200.	Kumbia All Starz	2006
inception	In late 2003, Hockey WA was formed from a merger between the Western Australian Men's Hockey Association and the Western Australian Women's Hockey Association.	Hockey WA	2003
inception	The Presidents Cup has been held biennially since 1994.	Presidents Cup	1994
inception	Burgers Bar opened their first location in 1998 in the German Colony of Jerusalem.	Burgers Bar	1998
inception	Cerebral Fix are an English crossover/thrash band formed in Birmingham in 1986.	Cerebral Fix	1986
inception	Empire Airlines was established and started operations in May 1977 in Orofino as a charter company.	Empire Airlines	1977
inception	McHayes was an American country music duo established in 2003 by Wade Hayes (guitar, vocals), along with musician Mark McClurg (fiddle, vocals).	McHayes	2003
inception	The Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology is located in Tübingen, Germany; it was founded in 1954 as an offshoot of the Tübingen-based Max Planck Institute for Biology.	Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology	1954
inception	The ship currently known as the MV Doulos Phos held the record of being the world's oldest active ocean-faring passenger ship until December 2009, having plied the world's oceans from the time of her building in 1914 until being retired from cruising service at the end of 2009.	MV Doulos Phos	1914
inception	Verlag für Geowissenschaften Berlin is a German scientific publisher of titles relating to the geological sciences, founded in 1998.	Verlag für Geowissenschaften Berlin	1998
inception	The Engineering Heritage Awards, formally known as the Engineering Heritage Hallmark Scheme, were established by the Institution of Mechanical Engineers (IMechE) in 1984 to identify and promote artefacts, locations, collections and landmarks of significant engineering importance.	Engineering Heritage Awards	1984
inception	1957 The Egyptian government founded Bank of Alexandria to take over the Egyptian operations of Barclays Bank DCO, which the Egyptian government had nationalized in 1956 after British and French troops attacked Egypt and occupied the Suez Canal during the Suez crisis.	Bank of Alexandria	1957
inception	John Paul the Great Catholic University was founded in 2003 under the name ``New Catholic University.''	John Paul the Great Catholic University	2003
inception	Yellow Second was a melodic power pop band from Denver, Colorado formed in 1999 by Scott Kerr and Andrew Verdecchio, both members of the ska band Five Iron Frenzy.	Yellow Second	1999
inception	The E.B. White Read Aloud Award was established in 2004 by The Association of Booksellers for Children (ABC) to honor books that its membership felt embodied the universal read aloud standards that were created by the work of the beloved author E.B. White.	The E.B. White Read Aloud Award	2004
inception	The Cotton Research and Promotion Act of 1966 enabled the establishment of Cotton Incorporated in 1970.	Cotton Incorporated	1970
inception	Demandware was founded in 2004 by Stephan Schambach to provide a hosted service that would enable companies to develop and manage easy-to-use, customizable e-commerce websites, rather than building a site from scratch.	Demandware	2004
inception	The IAAF World Indoor Tour is an annual series of track and field indoor meetings to be held from 2016 onwards, beginning with the 2016 IAAF World Indoor Tour.	IAAF World Indoor Tour	2016
inception	Following the absence of a race in 1990, the Marathon de La Rochelle was established in its place, having its first edition on 24 November 1991.	Marathon de La Rochelle	1991
inception	The Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area denotes the region that Congress designated as a Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area in 2008, in a program affiliated with the National Park Service.	Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area	2008
inception	The Metro Health/Grand Rapids Marathon is a 26.219-mile (42.195 km) race run every October in Grand Rapids, Michigan, USA since 2004.	Grand Rapids Marathon	2004
inception	WSKY-TV, which was launched in October 2001, is a full-power/full-market television independent station serving the Norfolk-Portsmouth-Newport News, VA television market (DMA) and the Outer Banks of North Carolina.	WSKY-TV	2001
inception	Cidade Nova Station (Portuguese:Estação Cidade Nova) is a subway station on the Rio de Janeiro Metro that services the neighbourhood of Cidade Nova in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro.The station was opened in 2010.	Cidade Nova Station	2010
inception	Union Bank of Norway branded as Sparebanken NOR was Norway's largest savings bank between 1990 and 1999.	Sparebanken NOR	1990
inception	Trailer Park Sex is a German post-hardcore band from St. Pauli, Hamburg, Germany, formed in 2009.	Trailer Park Sex	2009
inception	The present enterprise, known as Galaxy Entertainment Inc. was established in 1999 by Ellis Jacob, a former Chief Operating Officer of Loews Cineplex Entertainment, and Stephen Brown, a former Cineplex Chief Financial Officer.	Cineplex Entertainment	1999
inception	The Philippine School Doha was established on October 1992 to serve the educational needs of the children of the Filipino community in the State of Qatar.	Philippine School Doha	1992
inception	The Rural Alberta Advantage is a Canadian indie rock band that formed in 2005 in Toronto.	The Rural Alberta Advantage	2005
inception	NetCorps Canada International was conceived in 1996 by Dr. David Johnston (Governor General of Canada as of 2011 and former President of the University of Waterloo), a prominent lawyer and adviser to the federal government on information-highway issues.	NetCorps	1996
inception	24 Frames Factory is an Indian film production company established by Manchu Vishnu , son of actor Manchu Mohan Babu in 2007 and is subsidiary of Sree Lakshmi Prasanna Pictures.	24 Frames Factory	2007
inception	Caledonian Airways was a wholly private, independent Scottish charter airline formed in April 1961.	Caledonian Airways	1961
inception	However in 1868 it was named Equestris Ordo Sancti Sepulcri Hierosolymitani (English: Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem).	Order of the Holy Sepulchre	1868
inception	IFK Mora, founded in 1909, is a sports club in Mora, Sweden.	IFK Mora	1909
inception	Lilygreen & Maguire are a Welsh pop rock duo formed in 2011.	Lilygreen & Maguire	2011
inception	The International Academic Forum was founded in Nagoya in 2009 ``to provide an opportunity for serious and thoughtful exchange between academics, members of the global business community, and practitioners in the fields of human endeavor that linked these groups together''.	The International Academic Forum	2009
inception	Founded in 1957, the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) is the global trade association of the shopping center industry.	International Council of Shopping Centers	1957
inception	Edge Church International was originally called Southside Christian Church when it was established in 1994.	Edge Church	1994
inception	The company was founded in 1882 by pharmacist Paul Carl Beiersdorf in Hamburg and sold to Oscar Troplowitz in 1890.	Beiersdorf	1882
inception	The American Symphony Orchestra is a New York-based American orchestra founded in 1962 by Leopold Stokowski whose mission is to demystify orchestral music and make it accessible and affordable for all audiences.	American Symphony Orchestra	1962
inception	Beurger King Muslim (or BKM) is a fast-food restaurant launched in July 2005.	Beurger King Muslim	2005
inception	Maped was founded in 1947 in Annecy, with its first products being brass compasses, in 1992 it proceeded to take over Mallatt, a company specializing in the manufacture of erasers, thus diversifying its range.	Maped	1947
inception	Ellen's Stardust Diner was opened in 1987 after Ellen's Cafe was closed down.	Ellen's Stardust Diner	1987
inception	After several meetings at various trade union offices, and with the aid of the Comintern, this desire culminated in the foundation of the Portuguese Communist Party as the Portuguese Section of the Comintern on 6 March 1921.	Portuguese Communist Party	6 March 1921
inception	Established in 1895 as the Eastern Illinois State Normal School, a teacher's college offering a two-year degree, Eastern Illinois University gradually expanded into a comprehensive university with a broad curriculum, including Baccalaureate and Master's degrees in education, business, arts, sciences, and humanities.	Eastern Illinois University	1895
inception	Bror Hayil was the only Jewish village founded between the UN Partition Plan on 29 November 1947 and the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948.	Bror Hayil	1948
inception	The SantralIstanbul (Turkish: Santralİstanbul), opened in 2007, is an arts and cultural complex located at the upper end of Golden Horn in the Eyüp district of Istanbul, Turkey.	SantralIstanbul	2007
inception	EONA ADRaudio was started by General Manager Franci Pavlin and Chief Engineer Ales Dravinec in 2004.	ADRaudio	2004
inception	Rebel Zapatista Autonomous Municipalities (in Spanish, known by the acronym ``MAREZ'') are small territories controlled by the Zapatista support bases in the Mexican state of Chiapas, founded in December 1994.	Rebel Zapatista Autonomous Municipalities	1994
inception	The Draytones are an Anglo-Argentine music group formed in London, England in 2006.	The Draytones	2006
inception	The Castleton Festival, launched in the summer of 2009, has quickly become the centerpiece program of The Chateauville Foundation, established in 1997 by Lorin Maazel and Dietlinde Turban-Maazel.	Castleton Festival	2009
inception	Licensed to Denver, Colorado, KUVO began operations on August 29, 1985.	KUVO	1985
inception	Pivotal Rockordings LLC is a record label that was founded in December 2004 by start-up businessman Leevan Macomeau who a year prior had founded the Pivotal Rage Webzine (no longer active) and one of its staff members, Alexi Front.	Pivotal Rockordings	2004
inception	The Liberty Alliance Project was an organization formed in September 2001 to establish standards, guidelines and best practices for identity management in computer systems.	Liberty Alliance	2001
inception	In 1993 it changed the name to Hi-Fi Centar and moved to record publishing.	Hi-Fi Centar	1993
inception	Institut Pprime (sometimes written Institut P') is a CNRS laboratory created in 2010 and based in Poitiers, France.	Institut Pprime	2010
inception	The Phunk Junkeez are an American rap rock band from Phoenix, Arizona that formed in 1991 and have established a strong underground following.	Phunk Junkeez	1991
inception	The Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation, popularly called Radio Pakistan came into being as Pakistan Broadcasting Service on 14 August 1947 when Pakistan emerged on the world map as a new country.	Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation	1947
inception	Fidelio Films is a New York-based independent film production company founded by filmmakers David Figueroa García, Mark Raso, Mauro Mueller and Mauricio Leiva-Cock in 2010.	Fidelio Films	2010
inception	Surabaya Stock Exchange (SSX) (Bursa Efek Surabaya (BES) in Indonesian) was a stock exchange that officially opened on June 16, 1989, based on the Minister of Finance Decree of Indonesia No. 654/KMK.010/1989 with only thirty-six shareholders.	Surabaya Stock Exchange	1989
inception	Bloomberg News, originally known as Bloomberg Business News, was co-founded by Michael Bloomberg and Matthew Winkler in 1990 to deliver financial news reporting to Bloomberg Terminal subscribers.	Bloomberg News	1990
inception	Stuckism is an international art movement founded in 1999 by Billy Childish and Charles Thomson to promote figurative painting as opposed to conceptual art. By July 2012 the initial group of 13 British artists had expanded to 233 groups in 52 countries.	Stuckism	1999
inception	Longman is a publishing company founded in London, England, in 1724 and is owned by Pearson PLC. Since 1968, Longman has been used primarily as an imprint by Pearson's Schools business.	Longman	1724
inception	AdBrite, Inc. was an online ad exchange, based in San Francisco, California, which was founded by Philip J. Kaplan and Gidon Wise in 2002.	AdBrite	2002
inception	The NC*SA constitution was adopted in November, 1994, and is run by an elected Steering Committee.	NC*SA	1994
inception	Soulidium is an American hard rock band formed in Tampa, Florida, United States, in 2006, currently consisting of frontman Michael McKnight.	Soulidium	2006
inception	The Amsterdams are a Romanian indie rock band formed in Bucharest in 2005.	The Amsterdams	2005
inception	Neurosonic was founded in Vancouver, British Columbia in February, 2006 by vocalist/guitarist Jason Darr, who was the former lead singer of Calgary's Out of Your Mouth.	Neurosonic	2006
inception	Joyent was founded in 2004 under the name TextDrive by the Canadian typographer, art director, designer, writer and programmer Dean Allen, the creator of Textile markup, who was looking to create an ideal hosting environment for the content management system he was developing, Textpattern.	TextDrive	2004
inception	Scholarshome Shahi Eidgah started its activities in 2002 and shifted to its own building at Shahi Eidgah on 1 March 2006.	Scholarshome	2002
inception	Joint Helicopter Command was formed on 5 October 1999, from a recommendation in the 1998 Strategic Defence Review to consolidate the battlefield helicopters of the British Army, Royal Air Force and Royal Navy under a single command.	Joint Helicopter Command	1999
inception	The Atlantic Bridge Research and Education Scheme was an educational charity founded in 1997 with Margaret Thatcher as its President to promote Atlanticism, a philosophy of cooperation between the United Kingdom and the United States regarding political, economic, and defence issues.	The Atlantic Bridge	1997
inception	Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf was established in 2008 and is one of the few breweries in the Czech Republic to produce ale rather than just lager.	Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf	2008
inception	Arch Enemy is a Swedish melodic death metal band, originally a supergroup, from Halmstad, formed in 1996.	Arch Enemy	1996
inception	Clyde Peeling's Reptiland, which opened in 1964, is a zoo in Allenwood, Pennsylvania that specializes in reptiles and amphibians.	Clyde Peeling's Reptiland	1964
inception	The property was originally developed by Cousins Properties as the Avenue Carriage Crossing, opening in 2005.	Carriage Crossing	2005
inception	Perkasa or Persatuan Pribumi Perkasa (Malay for ``Mighty Native Organization'') is a non-governmental Malay dominance organisation that was formed by Ibrahim Ali in the aftermath of the Malaysian general elections in 2008.	Perkasa	2008
inception	New Wave Productions (Arabic: نيو وايف بروداكشنز) is a Lebanon-based pan-Arab recorded music company, production company and artist management company formed in 2007 by Lebanese musician and producer Walid Al Massih.	New Wave Productions	2007
inception	On October 21, 2013, the Genesis Prize Foundation announced that Michael Bloomberg had been chosen as the first Laureate.	Genesis Prize	2013
inception	Aubert Aviation (later, SA des avions P. Aubert) was a French aircraft manufacturing company established in 1932 by Paul Aubert at Issy-les-Moulineaux.	Aubert Aviation	1932
inception	Statskraftverkene was split into Statnett (power grid) and Statkraft (production) in 1992.	Statnett	1992
inception	Italian American Motor Engineering (IAME) is an Italian company founded in 1968.	Italian American Motor Engineering	1968
inception	Zentropa or Zentropa Entertainments is a Danish film company started in 1992 by director Lars von Trier and producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen.	Zentropa	1992
inception	TV5 Sports or Sports5 (formerly ABC Sports from 2004 to 2008) is a division of TV5 Network Inc., which airs many of the sports events in the Philippines.	Sports5	2004
inception	The Hampshire Cricket Board (HCB) was formed in 1996 and is the governing body for all recreational cricket in the historic county of Hampshire.	Hampshire Cricket Board	1996
inception	HKT48 was officially announced on May 1, 2011 at an AKB48 handshake event.	HKT48	2011
inception	The annual Neerja Bhanot Award was instituted in 1990 and named in honour of Senior Flight Purser, Neerja Bhanot, who saved hundreds of lives while sacrificing her own, during the Pan Am Flight 73 hijack at Karachi Airport in September 1986.	Neerja Bhanot Award	1990
inception	The Rhine Province (German: Rheinprovinz), also known as Rhenish Prussia (Rheinpreußen) or synonymous to the Rhineland (Rheinland), was the westernmost province of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Free State of Prussia, within the German Reich, from 1822 to 1946.	Rhine Province	1822
inception	The El-Keib Cabinet formed the interim executive government of Libya from 2011 to 2012.	El-Keib Cabinet	2012
inception	Hampton Court House School opened its doors in September 2001 after extensive refurbishments.	Hampton Court House	2001
inception	The International Transport Workers' Federation (ITF) is a global union federation of transport workers' trade unions, founded in 1896.	International Transport Workers' Federation	1896
inception	Tesco Organisation started as a mail order company in 1987 releasing music from the Industrial music genre.	Tesco Organisation	1987
inception	These two Canadian musicians, from St. Thomas and London Ontario, formed Machete Avenue in 2005.	Machete Avenue	2005
inception	The I-League Golden Boot is an annual Indian association football award given to the top goalscorer at the end of the I-League season, the top domestic league competition in club Football in India, since its creation in 2007.	I-League Golden Boot	2007
inception	Koolism started out in 1992 when Elleson (aka DJ Rampage) joined a group by the name Tribe Ledda L (L for Latukefu), which comprised Hau and his cousins Hounga and Sione.	Koolism	1992
inception	Grenouer is a Russian rock/metal band, formed in late 1992 in Perm.	Grenouer	1992
inception	Residual Kid is an American rock band from Austin, Texas formed in 2009.	Residual Kid	2009
inception	The airline was formerly known as Northeast Airlines (China); it re-branded itself as Hebei Airlines in 2010.	Hebei Airlines	2010
inception	Kashruth Council of Canada founded in 1952, is the largest kosher certification agency in Canada.	Kashruth Council of Canada	1952
inception	Ceremonial Oath is a Swedish extreme metal band who formed in 1989 under the name ``Desecrator'', changed their name to Ceremonial Oath in 1991 and disbanded in 1995.	Ceremonial Oath	1989
inception	Founded in 1939, Airfix was owned by Humbrol from 1986 until Humbrol's financial collapse on 31 August 2006.	Airfix	1939
inception	CBGB was a New York City music club opened in 1973 by Hilly Kristal in Manhattan's East Village.	CBGB	1973
inception	The Egypt Civilization Party, or El-Hadara, is a small, secular, liberal political party established in Egypt in 2011.	Civilization Party	2011
inception	Founded in 1983, the Purcell Quartet had their debut concert six months after forming, on February 14, 1984, at St John's, Smith Square, London.	Purcell Quartet	1984
inception	Berwin Leighton Paisner was formed on 1 May 2001 when the two firms merged, comprising a total of nearly 1000 staff, with 122 partners.	Berwin Leighton Paisner	2001
inception	The Sudanese Writers Union was founded in 1985 in Khartoum, the year that democracy was restored in Sudan for a short period.	Sudanese Writers Union	1985
inception	William Cramp & Sons Shipbuilding Company (also known as William Cramp & Sons Ship & Engine Building Company) of Philadelphia was founded in 1830 by William Cramp, and was the preeminent U.S. iron shipbuilder of the late 19th century.	William Cramp & Sons	1830
inception	Televisão Pública de Angola was founded on June 27, 1973 as Radiotelevisão Portuguesa de Angola from Portuguese government authorities.	Televisão Pública de Angola	1973
inception	The Yellowstone River Compact Commission is an interstate commission that was created in 1950 by the ratification of the Yellowstone River Compact.	Yellowstone River Compact Commission	1950
inception	The Gruber Prize in Genetics, established in 2001, is one of three international awards worth US$500,000 made by the Gruber Foundation, a non-profit organization based at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Gruber Prize in Genetics	2001
inception	Magnetic Scrolls was a British video game developer active between 1984 and 1990.	Magnetic Scrolls	1984
inception	The Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana (Estonian: Maarjamaa Risti teenetemärk, sometimes translated as the Order of the Cross of St. Mary's Land) was instituted in 1995 to honour the independence of the Estonian state by president Lennart Meri.	Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana	1995
inception	Men's Studies Press (MSP) is an academic publisher registered in Harriman, Tennessee since 1992.	Men's Studies Press	1992
inception	Newcastle Roller Derby League (NRDL) is a roller derby league based in the city of Newcastle, New South Wales founded in 2009.	Newcastle Roller Derby League	2009
inception	Key accomplishments of Environmental Defense Fund include: 1967 - A group of scientists forms the organization and sets out to ban DDT (succeeding in 1972).	Environmental Defense Fund	1967
inception	It opened in 1999 following an $8.2 million donation to the Mint Museum of Art for purchase of a separate space to house the museum's craft and design collection in Charlotte's Uptown.	Mint Museum	1999
inception	The Socialist Party of Latvia (Latvian: Latvijas Sociālistiskā partija, LSP, Russian: Социалистическая партия Латвии) was formed in 1994 as a successor party to the Communist Party of Latvia, which was banned in 1991.	Socialist Party of Latvia	1994
inception	Despić House (Despića kuća) is an old merchant house in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina that was established in 1881.	Despić House	1881
inception	In 1992, President George H.W. Bush signed the bill which created the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park into law.	Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park	1992
inception	Ernest's combined duchy was divided again after his death in 1675, and the Duchy of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg proper came into existence in 1680 with the completion of this division and the accession of his eldest son, Frederick to the subdivision centered on the towns of Gotha and Altenburg.	Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg	1680
inception	The Winston-Salem Cycling Classic is a one day race held annually since 2014 in the United States of America, rated 1.2 and is part of UCI America Tour.	Winston-Salem Cycling Classic	2014
inception	VfR Mannheim is a German association football club based in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg formed in 1911 out of the fusion of Mannheimer FG 1896, Mannheimer FG 1897 Union, and FC Viktoria 1897 Mannheim.	VfR Mannheim	1896
inception	Tensilica was founded in 1997 by Chris Rowen (one of the founders of MIPS Technologies) and was initially staffed by former employees of several other Silicon Valley processor and electronic design automation companies.	Tensilica	1997
inception	The club was founded as EHC Lustenau in 1970.	EHC Lustenau	1970
inception	The Société des Avions Caudron was a French aircraft company founded in 1909 by brothers Gaston Caudron (1882-1915) and René Caudron (1884-1959).	Caudron	1909
inception	Originally only offered in high definition, the Smithsonian Channel HD began airing on DirecTV's new HD lineup on September 26, 2007.	Smithsonian Channel	2007
inception	The Brompton World Championship was first held in 2006 in Barcelona, Spain, before relocating to England in 2008 where the event was then held at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire.	Brompton World Championship	2006
inception	Mike Hoy started Loompanics Unlimited in East Lansing, Michigan, in 1975.	Loompanics	1975
inception	Tres Agaves Products LLC. was founded in 2008 by Eric Rubin and Barry Augus; the first bottle of Tequila was shipped in 2010.	Tres Agaves	2008
inception	Polish Air Navigation Services Agency (PANSA) started its duty in 2007 as an independent unit, after isolating from ``Polish Airports''.	PANSA	2007
inception	Abram Nathaniel Spanel founded Playtex's predecessor, the International Latex Corporation (ILC), in 1932 to produce latex products, like bathing caps, swimwear and baby pants.	Playtex	1932
inception	Sanlih Entertainment Television or Sanlih E-Television (SET; Chinese: 三立電視; pinyin: Sānlì Diànshì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Saⁿ-li̍p Tiān-sī) is a nationwide cable TV network operated in Taiwan which was founded in May 1983.	Sanlih E-Television	May 1983
inception	Grupo Kalise Menorquina was created in 1999 when Interglas and Menorquina SL merged to form one company.	Kalise Menorquina	1999
inception	SheerID was founded in 2011 and has its headquarters in Eugene, Oregon.	SheerID	2011
inception	Green Vehicles Inc. was a manufacturer of electric cars that operated in California from 2008 to 2011.	Green Vehicles Inc.	2008
inception	SET Taiwan (Chinese: 三立台灣台) is a television channel of the Sanlih E-Television in Taiwan, launched in September 1993.	SET Taiwan	1993
inception	Geykido Comet Records (or GC Records for short) began as a small and humble bedroom operation in 1998 seeing the first release in January 1999:	Geykido Comet Records	1998
inception	Since the founding of INTI International University & Colleges in 1986, the institution has earned a reputation throughout Malaysia for providing top-quality higher education.	INTI International University	1986
inception	It became the Prince-Bishopric of Minden (German: Fürstbistum Minden) in 1180, when the Duchy of Saxony was dissolved.	Bishopric of Minden	1180
inception	The Bayeux-Calvados Awards for war correspondents (Prix Bayeux-Calvados des correspondants de guerre) is an annual prize awarded since 1994, by the city of Bayeux and the General Council of Calvados.	Bayeux-Calvados Awards for war correspondents	1994
inception	PowerJet is a 50-50 joint venture held by Snecma (Safran) and NPO Saturn, created in July 2004.	PowerJet	2004
inception	Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag (abbreviated to Hofmeister) is a publisher of classical music, founded by Friedrich Hofmeister in Leipzig in 1807.	Friedrich Hofmeister Musikverlag	1807
inception	The Gibraltar Heritage Trust is a non-profit charity established by statute on 1 May 1989 to preserve and promote the cultural natural heritage of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Gibraltar Heritage Trust	1989
inception	The European Association for Digital Humanities (EADH), formerly known as Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing (ALLC), is a digital humanities organisation founded in London in 1973.	European Association for Digital Humanities	1973
inception	The Orange Circus formed in 2010 and are predominantly a family band based in England, with both Virginian and Celtic roots.	The Orange Circus	2010
inception	The Cayuga County Sheriff's Office was formed in 1799 when the County of Cayuga was set apart from Onondaga County, New York.	Cayuga County Sheriff's Office	1799
inception	Jack Off Jill are an American Riot Goth, rock band from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, founded in 1992 by singer Jessicka Addams (née Jessica Fodera), Tenni Ah-Cha-Cha (née Tenni Arslanyan), Agent Moulder (née Robin Moulder), and Michelle Inhell (née Michelle Oliver).	Jack Off Jill	1992
inception	Paytm is an Indian e-commerce shopping website headquartered in Noida, India, launched in 2010.	Paytm	2010
inception	The Personal Choice Party dates back to approximately 1997, and was organized by Dr. Ken Larsen, an ex-Mormon from Utah with a Ph.D. in Zoology from Brigham Young University.	Personal Choice Party	1997
inception	Sons of Otis was formed by Ken Baluke in Toronto sometime around the years 1992 and 1993.	Sons of Otis	1992
inception	The Wildwood Aces were a professional basketball team that played in the United States Basketball League in 1985 and 1986.	Wildwood Aces	1985
inception	Located near the Nile Delta, modern Cairo was founded in 969 CE by Jawhar al-Siqilli (``the Sicilian'') of the Fatimid dynasty, but the land composing the present-day city was the site of ancient national capitals whose remnants remain visible in parts of Old Cairo.	Cairo	969
inception	Pastor Phillip Ellen was the first President The Foundation for Moral Law in December 2002.	Foundation for Moral Law	2002
inception	Al Jazeera Satellite Channel now known as (AJA) was launched on 1 November 1996 following the closure of the BBC's Arabic language television station, a joint venture with Orbit Communications Company.	Al Jazeera	1 November 1996
inception	City Opera of Vancouver is a professional chamber opera company in Vancouver, Canada, founded in 2005.	City Opera of Vancouver	2005
inception	The Ford Wayne Gretzky Classic presented by Samsung was a golf tournament on the Nationwide Tour from 2008 to 2010.	Ford Wayne Gretzky Classic	2008
inception	The Prix Sorcières is an annual literary prize awarded in France since 1986 to works of children's literature in a number of categories.	Prix Sorcières	1986
inception	Sysomos launched its flagship offering MAP in Sept 2007, followed by addition of Heartbeat to its product suite in 2009.	Sysomos	2007
inception	Originally, in 1995, Diceware creator Arnold Reinhold considered five words (64 bits) the minimal length needed by average users.	Diceware	1995
inception	American Wrestlers is an indie rock act, formed in 2014 by Scottish musician Gary McClure.	American Wrestlers	2014
inception	Campaign to Defend the Constitution (DefCon) was an American online organization founded in September, 2005 to support the separation of church and state and to oppose what it perceived as the growing influence of the religious right.	Campaign to Defend the Constitution	2005
inception	The Victoria Philharmonic Choir (VPC) was created June 2005, as a non-profit performing arts organization dedicated to arts and cultural innovation through the performance of high quality symphonic choral music, and partnering with other arts, culture and tourism organizations.	Victoria Philharmonic Choir	2005
inception	They are identical twins and first appeared as John & Edward in the sixth series of The X Factor in 2009, generating a phenomenon of ironic popularity described as ``the Jedward paradox''.	Jedward	2009
inception	Under the direction of Dr. William E. Pease, the first full-time marching band director in University of Virginia history, the Cavalier Marching Band made its debut on September 11, 2004 after a considerable donation was made by University of Virginia benefactors Carl and Hunter Smith to found the band in 2003.	Cavalier Marching Band	2003
inception	The Central Bank of Luxembourg (French: Banque Centrale du Luxembourg, BCL) was founded in 1998, at the same time the European Central Bank was created, by laws dated 22 April and 23 December.	Central Bank of Luxembourg	1998
inception	On July 20, 2004, the station changed its call sign to the current KBAS-LP, and was issued its license to cover on July 29, 2005.	KBAS-LP	2005
inception	Heterosexuals Organized for a Moral Environment (HOME) was founded in 1990 by Wayne Lela, a former Catholic and now self-described agnostic.	Heterosexuals Organized for a Moral Environment	1990
inception	Acornsoft was formed in late 1980 by Acorn Computers directors Hermann Hauser and Chris Curry, and David Johnson-Davies, author of the first game for a UK personal computer and of the official Acorn Atom manual ``Atomic Theory and Practice''.	Acornsoft	1980
inception	WGUL also ran a live, locally based ``Music of Your Life'' format from 1985 to August 12, 2005.	WGUL	1985
inception	Farm Sanctuary is an American animal protection organization, founded in 1986 as an advocate for farm animals.	Farm Sanctuary	1986
inception	Fanthrash is a Polish thrash metal band from Lublin, Poland, formed in 1986.	Fanthrash	1986
inception	The Asia Pacific Poker Tour (APPT) is a major international series of poker tournaments established in 2007 and hosted in cities across the Asia Pacific.	Asia Pacific Poker Tour	2007
inception	The Maldives Basketball Association, more popularly known as the MBA, was founded on the 12 August 1991.	Maldives Basketball Association	1991
inception	Rwake is a Southern sludge metal band from AR that began as a jamming four-piece in 1996.	Rwake	1996
inception	Petrovsko-Razumovskaya opened on 7 March 1991 as a part of major northern extension of the line.	Petrovsko-Razumovskaya	1991
inception	The Group was founded in 2007 and the Zoopla website was launched in January 2008 by Alex Chesterman, who also founded ScreenSelect (later LoveFilm) and Simon Kain, LoveFilm CTO.	Zoopla	2007
inception	It was originally named ``Mr. Fatburger'' (on behalf of Lovie's boyfriend), until the ``Mr.'' was removed by Yancey in 1952.	Fatburger	1952
inception	In 1979 the Romanov Family Association was officially formed with Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich as president and Prince Nicholas Romanovich as vice president.	Romanov Family Association	1979
inception	The Institute for Historical Review (IHR), founded in 1978, is an organization primarily devoted to publishing and promoting books and essays described by critics as pseudo-historical that attack the mainstream historical consensus concerning the Nazi genocide of Jews.	Institute for Historical Review	1978
inception	America's Health Network was in separate operation from FitTV from March 1996 until 1999.	FitTV	1996
inception	The colony was formally called French Sudan from 1890 until 1899 and then again from 1920 until 1958, and had a variety of different names over the course of its existence.	French Sudan	1890
inception	Sacred Heart Junior College was established in 1999 to offer tertiary-level education opportunities in the Cayo District, Belize.	Sacred Heart Junior College	1999
inception	ENAER (Spanish pronunciation: (enaˈer)) is a Chilean aircraft manufacturer which was formed in 1930.	ENAER	1930
inception	Atlético Hidalgo was an expansion club that joined the Primera A in 1996.	Atlético Hidalgo	1996
inception	Established in August 2015, VIXX LR consists of VIXX's main vocalist Leo and rapper Ravi.	VIXX LR	2015
inception	1995 - Genesee Scientific founded by Ken Fry.	Genesee Scientific	1995
inception	The UK Council for Child Internet Safety (UKCCIS) was set up in 2008 under the Brown Government charged with bringing together government departments, law enforcement agencies, academia, private industry and third-sector representatives such as charities and voluntary groups to collaborate on strategies to ensure child internet safety.	UK Council for Child Internet Safety	2008
inception	Atari is a corporate and brand name owned by several entities since its inception in 1972, currently by Atari Interactive, a subsidiary of the French publisher Atari, SA (ASA).	Atari	1972
inception	In reaction to such need of continuous enhancement, HKCSS Institute was established in celebration of the 60th anniversary of The Hong Kong Council of Social Service (HKCSS) in 2007, to serve the population in the welfare service units.	The Hong Kong Council of Social Service	2007
inception	The Yuma Open was a golf tournament that ran from 1990 to 1993 on the Nationwide Tour.	Yuma Open	1990
inception	F1 Digital+ (also known as just F1 Digital) was the name of the enhanced world feed for Formula One coverage between mid 1996-2002.	F1 Digital+	1996
inception	The Albanian American Civic League was founded in January 1989 by former Albanian American Congressman Joseph J. DioGuardi and a handful of Albanian American businessmen who sought to influence the policies of the United States State Department with regard to the Balkans, particularly Kosovo.	Albanian American Civic League	January 1989
inception	Dubai Fencing Club was founded in 2002 by Bulgarian former modern pentathlete Mihail Gueorguiev Kouzev.	Dubai Fencing Club	2002
inception	The Florida Mall is a super regional enclosed shopping mall located in unincorporated Orlando, Florida, on the southeast corner of Orange Blossom Trail and Sand Lake Road; it opened in 1986.	The Florida Mall	1986
inception	When the SBS Broadcasting Group started expanding outside of Scandinavia in 1995, one of the first countries where they set up a channel was the Netherlands with SBS 6.	SBS 6	1995
inception	Laboum (Korean: 라붐) is a South Korean girl group that debuted in 2014 under NH Media and Nega Network.	Laboum	2014
inception	Earthrise is a photograph of the Earth taken by astronaut William Anders in 1968, during the Apollo 8 mission.	Earthrise	1968
inception	Founded in 1884, The Hong Kong Jockey Club is a horse racing operator and Hong Kong's largest community benefactor, operating as a not-for-profit organisation.	Hong Kong Jockey Club	1884
inception	The Dalton Winery (Hebrew: יקב דלתון‎) was founded in 1995 by members of the Haruni family who moved to Israel from England.	Dalton Winery	1995
inception	The Brumbies were formed in 1996 to provide a third Australian franchise for the newly formed Super 12 (now Super Rugby) competition.	Brumbies	1996
inception	The Egg Marketing Board was an agricultural marketing organization set up by the British government in December 1956 to stabilise the market for eggs due to a widespread collapse in sales.	Egg Marketing Board	1956
inception	Dinamic Multimedia was a Spanish software house and publisher created in 1993 which was created after the bankruptcy of Dinamic Software in 1992 by some of its former members.	Dinamic Multimedia	1993
inception	Formed in 1997, Twiztid is composed of Jamie Spaniolo and Paul Methric, who perform under the respective personas of Jamie Madrox and Monoxide Child.	Twiztid	1997
inception	OpenTV was founded in 1994 through the merge of Thomson Multimedia and Sun Microsystems.	OpenTV	1994
inception	Founded in 1887, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) is the national professional organization of Certified Public Accountants (CPAs) in the United States, with more than 400,000 members in 145 countries in business and industry, public practice, government, education, student affiliates and international associates.	American Institute of Certified Public Accountants	1887
inception	Academic Magnet High School was established in 1988, and the first class graduated in 1992.	Academic Magnet High School	1988
inception	FC Thun (Fussballclub Thun 1898) is a Swiss football team from the Bernese Oberland town of Thun.	FC Thun	1898
inception	ThreatMetrix was founded in 2005 in Australia and expanded to the United States in 2008.	ThreatMetrix	2005
inception	The Standish Group International, Inc. or Standish Group is an independent international IT research advisory firm founded in 1985, known from their reports about information systems implementation projects in the public and private sector.	Standish Group	1985
inception	The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) is an independent Australian Government agency, acting as the national data protection authority for Australia, established under the Australian Information Commissioner Act 2010, headed by the Australian Information Commissioner.	Office of the Australian Information Commissioner	2010
inception	Qatar News Agency was established by a decree issued on 25 May 1975.	Qatar News Agency	1975
inception	Latham & Watkins LLP, founded in 1934, is the world's highest-grossing law firm, with US$2.6 billion in annual revenue, and one of the highest-paying law firms in the world.	Latham & Watkins	1934
inception	New Writing North was established in 1996 in Newcastle upon Tyne, working with writers across the North East of England.	New Writing North	1996
inception	Xi'an Aero-Engine Corporation (XAEC, Chinese: 西安航空发动机集团有限公司) is one of the major aircraft engine designers and manufacturers in China, originally established in 2001.	Xi'an Aero-Engine Corporation	2001
inception	Le Lombard or Lombard Editions is a Belgian comic book publisher established in 1946 when Tintin magazine was launched.	Le Lombard	1946
inception	The Order of Mendi for Bravery is a South African honour, instituted on 30 November 2003.	Order of Mendi for Bravery	2003
inception	The Orange Award for New Writers was a prize given by telecommunications company Orange between 2006 and 2010.	Orange Award for New Writers	2006
inception	Tobacco Rd Band was founded in 2010 by Eric Durrance, who had previously been the lead singer with the acclaimed Christian rock band Big Dismal, which Rolling Stone once named one of ``Five Christian Bands on the Rise.''	Tobacco Rd Band	2010
inception	Duncan Dhu was a Spanish group created in San Sebastián, Spain in 1984.	Duncan Dhu	1984
inception	Started in mid-2002, Empower Up takes old electronics in for donation, and recycles/distributes them.	Empower Up	2002
inception	The first running was in 2006, when the Goffs Million was a single race contested over 7 furlongs (1,408 metres).	Goffs Million	2006
inception	The Near East School of Theology, formed in 1932 by the merger of the School for Religious Workers in Beirut and the School of Religion in Athens, is built upon a history of evangelical theological education in the Near East which goes back to 1835.	Near East School of Theology	1932
inception	It started in January 1984 as PKS (Programmgesellschaft für Kabel- und Satellitenrundfunk), initially a joint venture of various publishing houses, and was renamed to Sat.1 in January 1985.	Sat.1	1984
inception	Misery Signals is an American-Canadian metalcore band formed in Wisconsin in 2002.	Misery Signals	2002
inception	Moscow International Film Festival (Russian: Моско́вский междунаро́дный кинофестива́ль, translit. Moskóvskiy myezhdoonaródniy kinofyestivál; abbreviated as MIFF), is the film festival first held in Moscow in 1935 and became regular since 1959.	Moscow International Film Festival	1935
inception	The Printhouse was formed when a company, Qualay International changed names in 1995 to The Printhouse.	The Printhouse	1995
inception	Laurentian University (Université Laurentienne), which was incorporated on March 28, 1960, is a mid-sized bilingual university in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	Laurentian University	1960
inception	SaveCalifornia.com is a United States nonprofit organization founded in 1999 by Randy Thomasson as part of Campaign for Children and Families (CCF).	SaveCalifornia.com	1999
inception	ČT Sport was launched on 10 February 2006 at 'ČT4 Sport', to promote digital television, its main programmes include football, ice hockey, the Olympics Games, athletics and European events.	ČT Sport	2006
inception	China Tang is a Chinese restaurant located at 53 Park Lane in London which is owned by the Entrepreneur David Tang and was opened in 2005.	China Tang	2005
inception	The Higher Scientific Institute for Diocesan Priests at St. Augustine's (German: Das höheres Weltpriesterbildungsinstitut zum hl. Augustin) in Vienna, also well known as Augustineum or as Frintaneum, was a school for diocesan priests that existed between 1816 and 1918.	Higher Scientific Institute for Diocesan Priests at St. Augustine's	1816
inception	The Karachi Institute of Heart Diseases (KIHD), is located in Karachi, became functional on June 3, 2005.	Karachi Institute of Heart Diseases	2005
inception	Nunchuck Games is an American video game publisher founded in 2006 by David Luntz.	Nunchuck Games	2006
inception	The Orange Humble Band is an alternative rock band formed in early 1995, by Darryl Mather (ex-The Lime Spiders, The Someloves) on guitar.	The Orange Humble Band	1995
inception	Founded in 1951, Liaoning University of Technology is a provincial university of higher learning, specializing in engineering, but also offering instruction in science, liberal arts, economics, and management studies.	Liaoning University of Technology	1951
inception	The club was founded on 15 August 1920 as Shoqata Sportive Agimi, which translates to the Agimi Sports Association, and they have since participated in all the top tier national championships ever held in Albania, making KF Tirana and FK Vllaznia the only clubs in Albania to have never been relegated.	KF Tirana	1920
inception	The Union Solidarity and Development Party (Burmese: ပြည်ထောင်စုကြံ့ခိုင်ရေးနှင့်ဖွံ့ဖြိုးရေးပါတီ), which was registered on 2 June 2010 by the Union Election Commission as a political party, is the successor to the Burmese government's mass organisation, the Union Solidarity and Development Association.	Union Solidarity and Development Party	2 June 2010
inception	Zhongyuan Airlines was established on May 15, 1986 as a regional airline.	Zhongyuan Airlines	1986
inception	The Murder of My Sweet is a Swedish metal band, based in Stockholm and founded in 2006.	The Murder of My Sweet	2006
inception	The Rand Daily Mail newspaper was published from 1902 until it was controversially closed in 1985 after adopting an outspoken anti-apartheid stance in the midst of a massive clampdown on activists by the security forces.	The Rand Daily Mail	1902
inception	Liferuiner is a Canadian metalcore group from Greater Toronto Area, formed in 2004.	Liferuiner	2004
inception	Hamer Guitars was an American manufacturer of electric guitars founded in 1973, in Arlington Heights, Illinois, by vintage guitar shop owners Paul Hamer, Jol Dantzig and John Montgomery.	Hamer Guitars	1973
inception	The church was launched in July 1994 as Boulder Creek Community Church, with a name change to Coal Creek Community Church in December 1994, and another name change to Flatirons Community Church in 1997.	Flatirons Community Church	1997
inception	2004 (Artes Mundi 1), Xu Bing (China) 2006 (Artes Mundi 2), Eija-Liisa Ahtila (Finland) 2008 (Artes Mundi 3), NS Harsha (India) 2008.	Artes Mundi	2004
inception	Voices Music & Entertainment is a record label based in Oslo, Norway established in 1988 by Ketil Sveen and Dag Krogsvold.	Voices Music & Entertainment	1988
inception	Fornasari is an Italian car manufacturer that was created in 1999 by Giuseppe Fornasari.	Fornasari	1999
inception	The constituency was created for the 2002 election, replacing the former Recklinghausen II --	Recklinghausen II	2002
inception	Autogrill was founded in 1977 when SME, a division of Italian state-owned conglomerate Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale (IRI), purchased then merged Italian restaurant groups Motta, Pavesi and Alemagna.	Autogrill	1977
inception	Attock Petroleum Limited (APL) is one of four oil marketing companies in Pakistan to be granted a license, in February, 1998.	Attock Petroleum	1998
inception	Alaska Common Law School was an unaccredited school founded in 1984 in Kenai, Alaska.	Alaska Common Law School	1984
inception	The full name of the group is the Peter Hewitt Care for Africa Foundation Inc. It was formed in 2007 by Diana Morrison and Dr. Peter Hewitt after their visit to Tanzania and Kenya in June 2006.	Care for Africa	2007
inception	Chemikal Underground is an independent record label set up in 1994 by Glasgow, Scotland rock band The Delgados.	Chemikal Underground	1994
inception	The Autumn Offering is an American metalcore band that formed in Daytona Beach, Florida in 1999.	The Autumn Offering	1999
inception	Arcturian Gate is an independent record label founded in 1994, based in Asheville, NC.	Arcturian Gate	1994
inception	The Milestones were a Pakistani pop rock band that formed in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan, in 1990.	The Milestones	1990
inception	Eyehategod (also abbreviated and referred to as EHG) is an American sludge metal band from New Orleans who formed in 1988.	Eyehategod	1988
inception	Trondheim Voices (established 2001 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian vocal group, best known for his improvised performances, for the most music within the jazz genre.	Trondheim Voices	2001
inception	Air Lithuania was established as a state-owned company on 13 September 1991 after the reorganization of Aeroflot division in Kaunas.	Air Lithuania	1991
inception	The Hammerskins (also known as Hammerskin Nation) are a white supremacist group formed in 1988 in Dallas, Texas.	Hammerskins	1988
inception	Although not stated in its initial declaration of existence, which was printed and distributed on 1 April 1955, EOKA also had a target of achieving enosis (union of Cyprus with Greece).	EOKA	1955
inception	Viikate (in English, Scythe) is a Finnish rock band from Kouvola, formed in 1996.	Viikate	1996
inception	Forest Stream is a symphonic black / doom / Gothic metal band formed in Chernogolovka, Russia in 1995.	Forest Stream	1995
inception	The directly elected Mayor of London was created by the Greater London Authority Act 1999 in 2000 as part of the reforms.	Mayor of London	1999
inception	The Philadelphia Phantoms were a professional ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey League (AHL) from 1996 to 2009.	Philadelphia Phantoms	1996
inception	Dr. Gourmohan Roy College, established in 1986, is the general degree college in Manteswar, Burdwan district.	Dr. Gourmohan Roy College	1986
inception	The People Power Company was founded by Gene Wang (CEO) and David Moss (CTO) in Palo Alto, California in January 2009 and officially launched in November 2009.	People Power Company	2009
inception	Vintersorg (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈvɪntɛr ˈsɔrj); ``Winter Sorrow'' in English) is a Swedish band from Skellefteå, formed in 1994 under the name Vargatron (Wolfthrone in English).	Vintersorg	1994
inception	Westminster Hospital was a hospital in London, England, founded in 1719.	Westminster Hospital	1719
inception	Rock Racing (UCI Code: RR) was a cycling team founded in 2007 by Michael Ball.	Rock Racing	2007
inception	The Kansas Traditional Republican Majority (KTRM) is a political action committee founded in 2005 that supports more state government programs (especially education) and moderate social policies.	Kansas Traditional Republican Majority	2005
inception	Founded in 2005, The SAFE Foundation currently has projects in Masinagudi in the Nilgiri Hills of South India, Kumasi in Ghana, Freetown in Sierra Leone and Tororo in Uganda.	The SAFE Foundation	2005
inception	The G.I.R.O.S. Italian Group for Research on Hardy Orchids (Gruppo Italiano per la Ricerca sulle Orchidee Spontanee), is an Italian naturalistic association of social promotion (non-profit) founded in 1994 by Italian naturalist Paolo Liverani, who died in 2005, and other naturalists of Tuscany and Emilia Romagna.	Italian Group for Research on Hardy Orchid	1994
inception	UKROP (Ukrainian: УКРОП; literally ``dill'') short for the Ukrainian Association of Patriots (Українське об'єднання патріотів) is a Ukrainian patriotic center-left political party founded on 18 June 2015.	UKROP	2015
inception	The National Elephant Institute was founded as the Thai Elephant Conservation Center (TECC) in 1993.	National Elephant Institute	1993
inception	The Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) is a political party founded in Nigeria in 2009 in preparation for the April 2011 elections.	Congress for Progressive Change	2009
inception	KEKS quickly transformed into an adult contemporary station as ``Channel 103.1'' in 2007, then reverted to CHR in 2008.	KEKS	2007
inception	Dzurinda's Second Cabinet was the government of Slovakia between 16 October 2002 and 4 July 2006 headed by the prime minister Mikuláš Dzurinda, for whom it was the second consecutive term in this office.	Dzurinda's Second Cabinet	2002
inception	Letto is a pop band formed in Yogyakarta, Indonesia in 2004.	Letto	2004
inception	Celestial Recordings was a record label founded in 1998 by producers Daddy Kev and Hive.	Celestial Recordings	1998
inception	In 2004, Helmi Technologies separated from Visualway Design, with Helmi receiving its first round of venture capital and opening an office in Silicon Valley, California, in 2005.	Helmi Technologies	2004
inception	The Labour Party of Northern Ireland (LPNI) is a political party in Northern Ireland, formed in 1985 by a group around Paddy Devlin, a former Social Democratic and Labour Party councillor and Northern Ireland Assembly member, and Billy Blease, a member of the British House of Lords.	Labour Party of Northern Ireland	1985
inception	Silicon Labs was founded in 1996 and pioneered RF and CMOS integration, developing the first CMOS RF synthesizer for mobile phones.	Silicon Labs	1996
inception	The Third Portuguese Republic is a period in the history of Portugal corresponding to the current democratic regime installed after the Carnation Revolution of 25 April 1974, that put an end to the paternal autocratic regime of Estado Novo of António de Oliveira Salazar and Marcello Caetano.	Third Portuguese Republic	25 April 1974
inception	The Cleveland Museum of Art was founded as a trust in 1913 with an endowment from prominent Cleveland industrialists Hinman Hurlbut, John Huntington and Horace Kelley.	Cleveland Museum of Art	1913
inception	In 1994, Jamaat decided to disown its previous youth group Pasban, and the new group Shabab e Milli was formed.	Shabab e Milli	1994
inception	National Mental Wellness Centre is a psychiatric hospital in Coubaril, Saint Lucia commissioned on 1 March 2010.	National Mental Wellness Centre	2010
inception	The Continuity of Government Commission was a think tank set up in 2002 to recommend improvements on the constitutional and statutory provisions for the continuity of government in the United States.	Continuity of Government Commission	2002
inception	The Diadems was one of the bands created by the 3rd French season of the popular reality show show ``Popstars'', called ``Popstars - the Duel'' aired on RTL Group TV channel Métropole 6 (better known as M6) in fall 2003.	Diadems	2003
inception	Letting Up Despite Great Faults is an American indie pop/dream pop group founded in 2006 by Los Angeles native Mike Lee, who currently resides with the rest of the band in Austin, TX.	Letting Up Despite Great Faults	2006
inception	Euro Cargo Rail is a French rail freight operator formed in 2005 as a subsidiary of English, Welsh and Scottish Railway (EWS).	Euro Cargo Rail	2005
inception	The Philadelphia Aces were a United States Basketball League team that played from 1987 to 1988 and in 1990.	Philadelphia Aces	1987
inception	HathiTrust was founded in October 2008 by the thirteen universities of the Committee on Institutional Cooperation and the University of California.	HathiTrust	2008
inception	3LHD was founded in 1994 in Zagreb, by a generation of contemporary Croatian architects.	3LHD	1994
inception	Kiev Viceroyalty was created in the process of the Catherine's reform initiated by hers November 7, 1775 edict when the new administrative unit namestnichestvo (viceroyalty) was introduced.	Kiev Viceroyalty	1775
inception	Produced in 1979, Picture for Women is a key early work in Wall's career and exemplifies a number of conceptual, material and visual concerns found in his art throughout the 1980s and 1990s.	Picture for Women	1979
inception	HealthLinkBC is a government-funded telehealth service launched in 2001, which provides non-emergency health information to the residents of British Columbia, Canada through combined telephone, internet, mobile app, and print resources.	HealthLinkBC	2001
inception	Still Life with Beer Mug and Fruit is an oil painting created in September 1881.	Still Life with Beer Mug and Fruit	September 1881
inception	The museum was established in 1979 and is owned and managed by the Malvern Museum Society Ltd, a registered charity.	Malvern Museum	1979
inception	VisualOn was founded in 2003 by Dr. Yang Cai and Dr. Bill Lin.	VisualOn	2003
inception	XCMG is a state-owned company and was founded in 1989.	XCMG	1989
inception	Know Your IX is an American political advocacy group founded in 2013.	Know Your IX	2013
inception	The Gorgeous Geeks was subsequently launched in Jan 2008 at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Gorgeous Geeks	2008
inception	From 1998 to 2001, Atari Interactive, Inc. was the name of the corporate entity that held the Atari properties purchased from JTS by Hasbro in 1998, and functioned as the retro publishing subsidiary of Hasbro Interactive.	Atari Interactive	1998
inception	Created in December 1993, the Meritorious Team Commendation is awarded to lower echelon Coast Guard commands who perform exceptional actions that would normally warrant a Commandant's Letter of Commendation.	Meritorious Team Commendation	1993
inception	This partnership remained until Pinehurst ceased operations due to its own low enrollment numbers Canada Prep Academy, the school, was founded in 2014 to allow the program to have control over its own academics.	Canada Prep Academy	2014
inception	In 1990 the Hitzacker Archaeological Centre was founded due to the importance of these discoveries.	Hitzacker Archaeological Centre	1990
inception	Land O'Lakes was founded on July 8, 1921 in Saint Paul, Minnesota, by representatives from 320 co-op creameries as the Minnesota Cooperative Creameries Association.	Land O'Lakes	1921
inception	Fletcher Aviation Corporation was an aircraft manufacturer founded by three brothers, Wendell, Frank, Maurice Fletcher, in Pasadena, California in 1941.	Fletcher Aviation	1941
inception	Emperor Maximilian I elevated Rot an der Rot Abbey to the status of Imperial Abbey in 1497.	Rot an der Rot Abbey	1497
inception	The International African Institute (IAI) was founded (as the International Institute of African Languages and Cultures (IIALC)) in 1926 in London for the study of African languages.	International African Institute	1926
inception	Forest for the Trees was a group started by Carl Stephenson in 1993.	Forest for the Trees	1993
inception	Service Canada officially began operations on September 14, 2005 with a mandate to provide Canadians with a single point of access to a wide range of government services and benefits either in person, by phone, by Internet, or by mail.	Service Canada	2005
inception	The South African Students Congress (SASCO) is a South African student organisation which was founded in September 1991 at Rhodes University in Grahamstown, Eastern Cape, through the merger of the South African National Student Congress (SANSCO) and the National Union of South African Students (NUSAS).	South African Students Congress	1991
inception	The Royal Logistic Corps (RLC) was formed on Monday, 5 April 1993, by the union of five British Army corps:	Royal Logistic Corps	1993
inception	The Arab American Political Action Committee is a Political action committee that was established in 1998 by a group of Arab American professionals to 'organize and encourage the political activities of Arab Americans'.	Arab American Political Action Committee	1998
inception	On October 20, 1997 the Jacques Cousteau National Estuarine Research Reserve (JC NERR) was dedicated in honor of Jacques Cousteau.	Jacques Cousteau National Estuarine Research Reserve	1997
inception	Blackrock Clinic in Blackrock, Dublin was co-founded in 1984 by surgeons Joseph Sheehan, his brother Jimmy Sheehan, Maurice Neligan and Nuclear Medicine Specialist George Duffy as a private, high-tech hospital offering healthcare to private patients.	Blackrock Clinic	1984
inception	European Radio for Belarus is a non-profit organization established in September 2005 in Warsaw, Poland.	European Radio for Belarus	2005
inception	The World Sailing Speed Record Council, founded in 1972, is the body authorized by the International Sailing Federation (formerly International Yacht Racing Union) to confirm speed records of sailing crafts (boats or sailboards) on water (not on ice or land).	World Sailing Speed Record Council	1972
inception	Mukatsuku Records is a record label based out of London, UK, started in 2006 and owned and run by the DJ and record collector Nik Weston.	Mukatsuku Records	2006
inception	The British Interlingua Society (BIS; in Interlingua, Societate Britannic pro Interlingua), established in 1956, works in Great Britain and the English-speaking world to promote the knowledge and active use of Interlingua, the international language.	British Interlingua Society	1956
inception	The Paykan design was based on the 1967 Hillman Hunter (also known as Rootes Arrow), which was originally designed and manufactured by the British Rootes Group.	Paykan	1967
inception	Founded in 1919, the American Meteorological Society has a membership of more than 13,000 professionals, professors, students, and weather enthusiasts.	American Meteorological Society	1919
inception	Wit FM is a French local radio station, based at Bègles near Bordeaux, created in 1988 and owned by Sud Radio Groupe.	Wit FM	1988
inception	The Tokyo Dragons were signed, and recorded Give Me the Fear at Rockfield Studios for Island Records in June 2004.	Tokyo Dragons	2004
inception	Festival Records (later known as Festival Mushroom Records) was an Australian music recording and publishing company which was founded in Sydney in 1952 and operated until 2005.	Festival Records	1952
inception	Begun in Boulder, Colorado in the winter of 1999, Bootstrap Productions originally formed as a parent organization combining Bootstrap Press, founded by Ryan Gallagher and Derek Fenner, and The @tached Document, a literary arts journal begun by Jeff Chester, Derek Fenner, and Todd McCarthy.	Bootstrap Productions	1999
inception	Sea Hags formed in San Francisco in 1985 by frontman Ron Yocom, and bassist Chris Schlosshardt.	Sea Hags	1985
inception	The charity began in 2003, when Julia's House appointed two children's community nurses, who started working in home care for terminally ill children.	Julia's House	2003
inception	Temple Turmeric was founded in 2009 by Daniel Sullivan, a turmeric farmer turned entrepreneur.	Temple Turmeric	2009
inception	Editions Lug was a French comic book publisher created in 1950 by writer/editor Marcel Navarro and businessman Auguste Vistel.	Editions Lug	1950
inception	The Grand Prix of Minnesota was an auto racing event held from 1996 until 1998 on an Alan Wilson (motorsport)-designed temporary street circuit in Minneapolis, Minnesota near the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome.	Grand Prix of Minnesota	1996
inception	In late 1998, the brewery was relaunched as the Australian craft-brewing arm of the Lion Nathan group, and was renamed the Malt Shovel Brewery, after the James Squire's original brewery tavern (``The Malting Shovel'').	Malt Shovel Brewery	1998
inception	In 1982, after receiving a small inheritance from his maternal grandfather, Valeriano Jacuzzi, one of the seven Jacuzzi brothers credited for inventing the Jacuzzi whirlpool bath, Fred Cline opened Cline Cellars winery in Contra Costa County in the town of Oakley, California.	Cline Cellars	1982
inception	Toudao Street Station (simplified Chinese: 头道街; traditional Chinese: 頭道街; pinyin: tóu dào jiē) is a station on Line 1 of Wuhan Metro, opened upon completion of Line 1, Phase 2 on July 29, 2010.	Toudao Street Station	2010
inception	Trondheim Bilruter or TBR was a municipally owned bus company in Trondheim, Norway between 1951 and 1974.	Trondheim Bilruter	1951
inception	Under the supervision of workshop administrator-turned-manager Colin Lazzerini, the ensemble chose the name Loose Tubes and played its first London gig in 1984.	Loose Tubes	1984
inception	The ZDF is well known for its famous TV formats heute (newscast; established in 1963) and Wetten, dass..	ZDF	1963
inception	The Charles Paddock Zoo was started by Charles ``Chuck'' Paddock, a county park ranger, in the county animal shelter in 1955.	Charles Paddock Zoo	1955
inception	Modiesha Station (Chinese: 磨碟沙站) is a station on Line 8 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operation on 28 June 2003.	Modiesha Station	2003
inception	Ewha Womans University (Hangul: 이화여자대학교; hanja: 梨花女子大學校) is a private women's university in central Seoul, South Korea founded in 1886 by the American Methodist Episcopal missionary Mary F. Scranton.	Ewha Womans University	1886
inception	The Badass Teachers Association (BATs) is an education activist organization founded on June 14, 2013 by Priscilla Sanstead and ``Notorious PHD'' Mark D. Naison.	Badass Teachers Association	2013
inception	Built in 2002/2003 under commission of the Laurenz Foundation, is was designed by the renowned architectural office of Herzog & de Meuron, the Schaulager opened in 2003.	Schaulager	2003
inception	Operadora Ferroviaria Sociedad del Estado (abbreviated SOFSE, DBA Ferrocarriles Argentinos Operadora Ferroviaria) is an Argentine State-owned company created in 2008 to operate passenger services in Argentina.	Operadora Ferroviaria Sociedad del Estado	2008
inception	Lock-N-Stitch International is a company based out of Turlock California and founded by Garry J Reed in 1990.	Lock-N-Stitch	1990
inception	The Syracuse Smash were a member of the National Lacrosse League from 1998 to 2000.	Syracuse Smash	1998
inception	General Electric was formed through the 1892 merger of Edison General Electric Company of Schenectady, New York, and Thomson-Houston Electric Company of Lynn, Massachusetts, with the support of Drexel, Morgan & Co. Both plants continue to operate under the GE banner to this day.	General Electric	1892
inception	Asansol Engineering College is a self-financing institute established in 1998 to facilitate technical education in the industrial belt of Asansol by The Academy of Engineers.	Asansol Engineering College	1998
inception	JLG Architects was founded in 1989 by Gary Johnson, FAIA and Lonnie Laffen, AIA, LEED AP under the name Johnson & Laffen Architects, Ltd. In 1994, the firm received the national AIA Intern Development Program Outstanding Firm Award.	JLG Architects	1989
inception	GetThere first started in 1995 as a web-based booking tool named Internet Travel Network (itn.net) founded by Dan Whaley, Al Whaley and Bruce Yoxsimer, and was acquired by Sabre in August 2000 for $757 million.	GetThere	1995
inception	Weltmacht (German for ``World Power'') was an American black metal band formed in DeKalb, Illinois in 1998.	Weltmacht	1998
inception	Formed in 2009 under the name Gaywyre, they released an EP entitled ``Coming Out'' under that name before changing their name to Razorwyre in 2010.	Razorwyre	2009
inception	Re'im was founded in 1949 by members of the Israel Boy and Girl Scouts Federation who were demobilized from the Palmach.	Re'im	1949
inception	André Py (active 1899) was a French automobile designer.	André Py	1899
inception	In 2012, they debuted as ``Prizmmy☆'' with debut song ``Everybody's Gonna Be Happy'' which is also the 4th ending theme song for anime series Pretty Rhythm:	Prizmmy	2012
inception	The Sierra Club Foundation is a public charity based in San Francisco, California and founded in 1960.	Sierra Club Foundation	1960
inception	Mastertronic was originally a publisher and distributor of low-cost computer game software founded in 1983.	Mastertronic	1983
inception	Ternium was formed in 2005 by the consolidation of three companies:	Ternium	2005
inception	Accord Alliance was founded in March 2008 to support a dialogue on intersex patients and their care.	Accord Alliance	2008
inception	SoIK Hellas is a sports club in Stockholm, Sweden, established on 14 May 1899 as Pastorns gossar by Katarina Parish confirmation priest Ernst Klefbeck, before changing name to SoIK Hellas in 1912, also on the initiative of Ernst Klefbeck.	SoIK Hellas	1899
inception	The Terma Foundation was founded in 1993 as the Tibet Child Nutrition Project (TCNP), by Dr. Nancy S. Harris and now implements public health programs including nutrition, education, primary and preventive health care, acknowledging traditional belief systems, and integrating low-tech, low-cost western technology where appropriate in Tibet.	Terma Foundation	1993
inception	The Society of Illustrators of Los Angeles (SILA) was founded in 1953 by a group of Southern California artists and designers ``...to promote the professional status of illustration art as well as foster both philanthropic and educational goals''.	Society of Illustrators of Los Angeles	1953
inception	The University Bible Fellowship (UBF; Korean: 대학생성경읽기선교회) is an non-denominational New religious movement that originated in South Korea in 1961.	University Bible Fellowship	1961
inception	Saitek is a designer and manufacturer of consumer electronics founded in 1979 by Swiss technologist Eric Winkler.	Saitek	1979
inception	The Victorian Honour Roll of Women was established in 2001 to recognise the achievements of women from the Australian state of Victoria.	Victorian Honour Roll of Women	2001
inception	The airline was founded in 2013 and is owned by Snowbird Airlines Oy (Ltd) while a separate company Lumilintu Oy (Ltd) operates marketing.	Snowbird Airlines	2013
inception	The town of Bredasdorp was founded with the building of a Dutch Reformed Church in 1838 on the farm Langefontein.	Bredasdorp	1838
inception	Profetas y Frenéticos was a Chilean rock band formed in 1991 by Luís González, Juan Pablo Rojas, Dagoberto González, Jorge Narea and Claudio Narea, a former Los Prisioneros band member.	Profetas y Frenéticos	1991
inception	ATV Asia (Chinese: 亞洲台) is a high-definition TV channel operated by the Hong Kong Asia Television, starting on April 1, 2009 at 6:00am, broadcast 24 hours a day from the night of television channels.	ATV Asia	2009
inception	Guldmasken (in English: The Golden Mask), or Guldmasken Awards, is the Swedish equivalent of the Tony Awards, established in 1987.	Guldmasken	1987
inception	Modern Dog (Thai language: โมเดิร์นด็อก) is a Thai rock band, formed in 1992.	Modern Dog	1992
inception	On 8 July 2015 Tatarstan's Republic new airline UVT Aero was awarded with a license to carry out commercial passenger and charter flights, and also a license for freight transportation.	UVT Aero	2015
inception	The Hand & Flowers is a gastropub in Marlow, Buckinghamshire that opened in 2005.	The Hand & Flowers	2005
inception	The two men mixed spices, vinegar, garlic and cayenne peppers and allowed them to age, and created the original blend of Frank's RedHot as it first appeared on the market in 1920.	Frank's RedHot	1920
inception	Ciel Satellite Group is a private Canadian satellite operator, established in 2004, providing services throughout the Americas as a result of Borealis Infrastructure, a financial institution, partnered with satellite operator SES.	Ciel Satellite Group	2004
inception	The Metropolitan Basketball Association (MBA), or Metroball, was a professional basketball league in the Philippines founded in 1998.	Metropolitan Basketball Association	1998
inception	Simmons Airlines, Inc. began operations in 1978 between Marquette and Lansing using a Piper Navajo.	Simmons Airlines	1978
inception	The AMCHA Initiative (founded 2011) is a nonprofit organization based in California which seeks to investigate, document, educate about, and combat antisemitism at institutions of higher education in the United States.	AMCHA Initiative	2011
inception	Cambridge Technology Partners (CTP) was a software consulting company founded in 1991 in Cambridge, Massachusetts by John J. Donovan; in 2001, it was acquired by Novell.	Cambridge Technology Partners	1991
inception	Súdwest-Fryslân was formed in 2011 from the old municipalities of Bolsward, Nijefurd, Sneek, Wûnseradiel and Wymbritseradiel.	Súdwest-Fryslân	2011
inception	All Money In is an American record label imprint founded in 2010 by hip hop artist and entrepreneur Ermias Asghedom, better known by his stage name Nipsey Hussle.	All Money In	2010
inception	Société Parisienne (Maison Parisienne) was a French manufacturer of velocipedes, bicycles and tricycles from 1876.	Société Parisienne	1876
inception	Pritish Nandy Communications was founded in September 1993 by Pritish Nandy, a writer, journalist, TV presenter and former Member of the Indian Parliament.	Pritish Nandy Communications	1993
inception	The Yehudi Menuhin School is a specialist music school in Surrey, England, founded in 1963 by violinist Yehudi Menuhin.	Yehudi Menuhin School	1963
inception	Christians Against the Coup (CAC), aka Anti-Coup Christians, is an Egyptian Coptic movement, founded after the coup d'état on July 2013 in support of the presumed legitimacy of the former President of Egypt, Mohamed Morsi.	Christians Against the Coup	2013
inception	Changzhou International School was established in 1997 as a pilot middle school under the administration of Changzhou Xin Bei government and the Changzhou education bureau.	Changzhou International School	1997
inception	In 2001, Sound Horizon participated in Comic Market as part of a dōjin music circle and released their first story CD, Chronicle, an all-instrumental track CD, with occasional narration, background chorus and sound effects.	Sound Horizon	2001
inception	The Conservative Democrats of Slovakia (Slovak: Konzervatívni demokrati Slovenska, KDS) is a Slovakian political party established by four MPs (František Mikloško, Vladimír Palko, Rudolf Bauer and Pavol Minárik) who belonged to the Christian Democratic Movement, but left it on 21 February 2008 over disagreements with the party leader.	Conservative Democrats of Slovakia	2008
inception	Created on 1 July 1993, the institution was originally called Mid Sweden University College (Mitthögskolan) and was the result of a merger between the University College of Sundsvall/Härnösand (Högskolan i Sundsvall/Härnösand) and the University College of Östersund (Högskolan i Östersund).	Mid Sweden University	1993
inception	Since it was started back in 2002, Critical Music has grown significantly and become a widely recognized name on the underground music scene.	Critical Music	2002
inception	Created in 2004 when French oil major Total restructured its chemicals business, Arkema was introduced at the Paris stock exchange in May 2006.	Arkema	2004
inception	The Lauterpacht Centre for International Law (LCIL) at the Faculty of Law, Cambridge, England, was founded in 1985 by Sir Elihu Lauterpacht under the name The Research Centre for International Law.	Lauterpacht Centre for International Law	1985
inception	Mudmen are a Canadian celtic rock band that formed in Alvinston/Petrolia in 1998.	Mudmen	1998
inception	Bug-Byte Software Ltd. was a company founded in 1980 by Tony Baden and Tony Milner, two Oxford chemistry graduates.	Bug-Byte	1980
inception	Stopklatka TV - is the Polish channel about the film subject matter being involved in a company Kino Polska (Cinema Poland), of SPI International Polska belonging to the group and the Agora S.A. The channel started emission 15 March 2014..	Stopklatka TV	2014
inception	The launch of BBL TV was first announced on 19 August 2013, after nine months of development.	BBL TV	2013
inception	The Queensland University Squadron (QUS) was an active Citizens Air Force (CAF) squadron, being part of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) and tasked with training commissioned officers for the RAAF General Reserve recruited from University of Queensland undergraduates from 1950 to 1973.	Queensland University Squadron	1950
inception	Alex Job Racing was established in 1988 by Alex and Holly Job at their home in Florida.	Alex Job Racing	1988
inception	NK Rudeš is a Croatian football club founded in 1957 in Zagreb's neighbourhood of Rudeš.	NK Rudeš	1957
inception	The General Social Care Council (GSCC) was a non-departmental public body of the Department of Health in the United Kingdom which was the regulator of social workers and social work students in England between 2001 and 2012.	General Social Care Council	2001
inception	Grandma's Gifts is an incorporated, non-profit organization started by Emily Elizabeth Douglas in 1993 at age 11, in memory of her grandmother.	Grandma's Gifts	1993
inception	SPC ECO (pronounced Space Echo) are a British shoegazing band, formed in 2007.	SPC ECO	2007
inception	It's Casual is a two-piece Los Angeles hardcore punk band formed in 2001.	It's Casual	2001
inception	Gulfstream Pictures is an American film production company, founded on January 16, 2013 by film producers Mike Karz and Bill Bindley.	Gulfstream Pictures	2013
inception	Tambalane were an Australian pop rock band formed as a side-project late in 2003 by Ben Gillies (Silverchair) on drums and backing vocals, and Wes Carr on lead vocals and lead guitar.	Tambalane	2003
inception	It was founded by József Törley in 1882 in Budafok and over the course of history became one of the leading sparkling wine producers in Europe.	Törley	1882
inception	Lecciones y Ensayos is a biannual law review run by university students and published by the University of Buenos Aires School of Law since 1956.	Lecciones y Ensayos	1956
inception	Diamond Rexx is an American heavy metal / glam metal band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1985 by singer Nasti Habits and guitarist Scott St. Lust (aka S. Scot Priest, also of D'Molls).	Diamond Rexx	1985
inception	The third VP-18 was established as Reserve Patrol Squadron VP-914 in May 1946.	VP-18	May 1946
inception	Matt began playing music with The Classic Crime in 2003, and Matt and Kristie would eventually form Vocal Few in 2011 when Kristie became pregnant with their first child.	Vocal Few	2011
inception	McGarryBowen is an advertising agency founded in 2002 by John McGarry, former president of Young & Rubicam who until 2008 held roughly 90% of the company, Stewart Owen, former chief strategic officer of Young & Rubicam, and Gordon Bowen, a former executive creative director at Young & Rubicam and Ogilvy & Mather.	McGarryBowen	2002
inception	Real Presence Radio began in 2004 following the purchase of KWTL AM 1370 (then known as KFJM AM) in Grand Forks, covering most of the Diocese of Fargo and the Diocese of Crookston.	Real Presence Radio	2004
inception	Federal Records was an American record label founded in 1950 as a subsidiary of Syd Nathan's King Records and based in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Federal Records	1950
inception	Grove Press is an American publishing imprint that was founded in 1951.	Grove Press	1951
inception	Rivarossi was founded in 1945 by Alessandro Rossi with a Mr. Riva.	Rivarossi	1945
inception	Opened in 1897, the Brooklyn Museum building is a steel frame structure encased in classical masonry, designed by the famous architectural firm of McKim, Mead, and White and built by the Carlin Construction Company.	Brooklyn Museum	1897
inception	Eventually, the Luftfahrt-Bundesamt was established by the Gesetz über das Luftfahrt-Bundesamt (Act on the Luftfahrt-Bundesamt) of 30 November 1954 (BGBl. I 354) and commenced operation on 1 February 1955.	Luftfahrt-Bundesamt	1955
inception	Mindjet was founded in 1998 by computer programmer Mike Jetter and his wife, Bettina Jetter, in order to support the development of their mind mapping software, MindManager.	Mindjet	1998
inception	Onsala Space Observatory was founded in 1949 by professor Olof Rydbeck.	Onsala Space Observatory	1949
inception	The Major League Soccer Players Union was formed in April 2003 after the conclusion of Fraser v. Major League Soccer.	Major League Soccer Players Union	2003
inception	The Kingfisher Bikini Calendar, or the Kingfisher Calendar, is a calendar published by the United Breweries Group of India annually since 2003 that features models in swimsuits.	Kingfisher Calendar	2003
inception	Mister Global, is an annual male beauty pageant founded in 2014.	Mister Global	2014
inception	Vila Nova Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football team from Goiânia in Goiás, founded on July 29, 1943.	Vila Nova Futebol Clube	1943
inception	The Ukrainian Liberation Army (Ukrainian: Українське Визвольне Військо, Ukrainske Vyzvolne Viysko, UVV) was a collective name given to all dispersed Ukrainian units serving with the Wehrmacht Heer in 1943 during World War II. A single formation by that name did not exist.	Ukrainian Liberation Army	1943
inception	ATN MH 1 launched on September 29, 2009 and is available on Bell Fibe TV, Rogers Cable, Shaw Cable & Optik TV.	ATN MH 1	2009
inception	Not finding what he was looking for musically, however, Ontronik put his solo project on an indefinite hiatus and founded VoKee in early 2004.	VoKee	2004
inception	Fliflet/Hamre (established 1991 in Bergen, Norway) Norwegian traditional music duo comprising Gabriel Fliflet and Ole Hamre.	Fliflet/Hamre	1991
inception	Lava Hay were a Canadian folk rock duo formed in 1989 in Toronto, Ontario, consisting of Suzanne Little and Michele Gould.	Lava Hay	1989
inception	Since the Hopman Cup was founded in 1989, it has been attended each year by Harry Hopman's widow, his second wife Lucy, who travels to the tournament annually from her home in the United States.	Hopman Cup	1989
inception	Bluebird Airways is a Greek airline, established in 2008 in Heraklion Crete Greece and is mainly involved in the transportation of passengers and cargo according to schedule and charter flights.	Bluebird Airways	2008
inception	AirSpace Studio was founded in January 2011 by Creative Director Mark Woodward.	AirSpace Studio	2011
inception	The Nikon D3100 is a 14.2-megapixel DX format DSLR Nikon F-mount camera announced by Nikon on August 19, 2010.	Nikon D3100	2010
inception	Treyarch is an American video game developer company, founded in 1996 by Peter Akemann and Doğan Köslü (aka Don Likeness), and acquired by Activision in 2001.	Treyarch	1996
inception	The Australian Police Rugby Union Association Inc. (A.P.R.U.) was first established in 1998 with a view to travelling to the 1999 IRB Rugby World Cup in Wales, Ireland and England.	Australian Police Rugby Union	1998
inception	Darzamat is a Polish symphonic black metal band formed in 1995.	Darzamat	1995
inception	Blackstreet, often stylized as BLACKstreet, is an American R&B group founded in 1991 by Teddy Riley and Chauncey Hannibal, also known as ``C. Black.''	Blackstreet	1991
inception	The HVO (Croatian Defence Council) was established on April 8, 1992 in Grude by the political leadership of Croats, mainly members of Croatian Democratic Union (Hrvatska Demokratska Zajednica) as a military formation of Herzeg-Bosnia.	Croatian Defence Council	1992
inception	The Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) is an agency under the United States Department of the Interior, established by Secretarial Order in 2011.	Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement	2011
inception	Slow Food is a grassroots organization founded by Carlo Petrini in Italy in 1986.	Slow Food	1986
inception	The present-day Zumtobel Group originated as ``Elektrogeräte und Kunstharzpresswerk W. Zumtobel KG'', which was founded in Dornbirn / Vorarlberg in 1950.	Zumtobel Group	1950
inception	The Port Arthur Sea Hawks were a Gulf Coast League (1950-1953), Evangeline League (1954) and Big State League (1955-1956) baseball team based in Port Arthur, Texas, USA.	Port Arthur Sea Hawks	1950
inception	The Province of Posen (German: Provinz Posen, Polish: Prowincja Poznańska) was a province of Prussia from 1848 and as such part of the German Empire from 1871 until 1918.	Province of Posen	1848
inception	After years of wrangling over commercial development proposals and lawsuits to block development, New York State bought the property in 1987 and opened the Minnewaska State Park Preserve in 1993.	Minnewaska State Park Preserve	1993
inception	Jaded Era is an unsigned American alternative rock/pop band from Cuyahoga Falls and Akron, Ohio that formed around 1996.	Jaded Era	1996
inception	Border City Wrestling (BCW) was founded in 1993 by Scott D'Amore, Chuck Fader, and ``The Canadian Destroyer'' Doug Chevalier.	Border City Wrestling	1993
inception	Arnold Motorsports was formed in 2003 after the purchase of the race shop and equipment of Melling Racing.	Arnold Motorsports	2003
inception	Samsung SDS, established in 1985, as a subsidiary of Samsung group has been providing information technology services.	Samsung SDS	1985
inception	Classics of Love is an American punk rock band from the San Francisco Bay Area, formed in 2008.	Classics of Love	2008
inception	The European Urban Knowledge Network (EUKN) was created in Rotterdam in 2004 as a result of an agreement between European ministers on urban policies.	European Urban Knowledge Network	2004
inception	E@I started as an informal international work group in 1999, before it was officially registered in Slovakia in 2005.	E@I	2005
inception	The London Docklands Development Corporation (LDDC) was a quango agency set up by the UK Government in 1981 to regenerate the depressed Docklands area of east London.	London Docklands Development Corporation	1981
inception	The Tasmania Senate Team was a minor Australian political party that operated from 1992 to 1996.	Tasmania Senate Team	1992
inception	Cinco Puntos Press, established in 1985, is an independent book publishing company located in El Paso, Texas.	Cinco Puntos Press	1985
inception	The Dance Music Hall of Fame was an organization established in 2003 to honor and remember significant contributors to the genre of dance music.	Dance Music Hall of Fame	2003
inception	ThanatoSchizO is a metal group from Santa Marta de Penaguião (Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro, Portugal), founded in late 1997.	ThanatoSchizO	1997
inception	The Social Democratic Federation (SDF) was established as Britain's first organised socialist political party by H. M. Hyndman, and had its first meeting on 7 June 1881.	Social Democratic Federation	1881
inception	Spring Zouk is the name of a festival in which was held February 3--5, 2012 at Udupi beach on at St Mary's Islands in Karnataka, India.	Spring Zouk	2012
inception	The Republican Moderate Party of Alaska is a political party in Alaska formed by Ray Metcalfe in 1986 as an alternative to what Metcalfe perceived to be a Republican Party dominated by the Religious Right.	Republican Moderate Party of Alaska	1986
inception	Survivors of the Abortion Holocaust was founded in 1998 by Jeff White, who was previously involved in the leadership of another anti-abortion group, Operation Rescue.	Survivors of the Abortion Holocaust	1998
inception	SAGE-AU was originally formed to provide the same services for Australian system administrators as the SAGE organisation did in the United States, but is completely independent of that entity, and has been since SAGE-AU's formation in 1993.	SAGE-AU	1993
inception	Musica Fiata, also Musica Fiata Köln, is a German instrumental ensemble, founded in Cologne in 1976 by director Roland Wilson.	Musica Fiata	1976
inception	Capitol Films was a British film production and distribution company, founded in 1989.	Capitol Films	1989
inception	Thieves and Villains are an American indie rock band from the Hudson Valley region of New York, formed in 2007, and signed to Victory Records.	Thieves and Villains	2007
inception	London Hackspace (abbreviated LHS) is a non-profit hackerspace in London, UK, established in 2009.	London Hackspace	2009
inception	Though formed in 1989, Xome did not perform live until 1994 in Tokyo.	Xome	1989
inception	The Ian Gillan Band were an English jazz-rock fusion band formed by Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan in 1975.	Ian Gillan Band	1975
inception	The BBC Choice Northern Ireland service launched alongside the other BBC Choice variants on 23 September 1998 and ceased on 30 March 2001; it was replaced by a fully networked BBC Choice.	BBC Choice Northern Ireland	1998
inception	Jimmy, John Morris, Cookie, Raylene and Heather Rankin released their own independent cassettes, The Rankin Family (1989) and Fare Thee Well Love (1990), featuring original songs and a combination of traditional jigs, reels and Celtic folk songs.	The Rankin Family	1989
inception	Coca-Cola BlāK was a coffee-flavored soft drink introduced by Coca-Cola in 2006 and discontinued in 2008.	Coca-Cola BlāK	2006
inception	Bandhan tv is a Hindi Language Movies entertainment channel, part of Viacom 18 family, which was announced on 15 Augest 2015.	Bandhan tv	2015
inception	Bolshoy Kamen began as a naval support base in 1947 and was granted urban-type settlement status in 1956, followed by town status on August 31, 1989.	Bolshoy Kamen	1947
inception	Originally formed in 1999, Bandwidth.com began as a home office start-up company in a spare bedroom of co-founder David Morken's Park City, Utah home.	Bandwidth.com	1999
inception	Gambit Gaming is a European esports organization formed in January 2013 after the acquisition of the previous League of Legends roster of Moscow Five.	Gambit Gaming	2013
inception	Eretz Hadasha (Hebrew: ארץ חדשה‎, lit. New Land) is a political party in Israel, founded in 2012 to run in the 2013 parliamentary elections.	Eretz Hadasha	2012
inception	First broadcast in 1993, today the station's programming is also carried on the Resonate Broadcasting-owned and operated Hot FM Charters Towers - on air, both stations are branded as Hot FM West Queensland.	Hot FM West Queensland	1993
inception	Fénix Directo was launched in Spain in 1991 as a subsidiary of La Unión y El Fénix, with the name of Fénix Autos.	Fénix Directo	1991
instrument	Nick Blinko (born 4 September 1961) is a British musician, lyricist and artist best known as the lead singer, lyricist and guitar player for the British band Rudimentary Peni.	Nick Blinko	guitar
instrument	Jimmy Murrison (born 8 November 1964) is a Scottish lead guitar player, a member of the band Nazareth.	Jimmy Murrison	guitar
instrument	In 1991, Paul Dorrington joined The Wedding Present on guitar, recording the The Hit Parade 1, Hit Parade 2 and Watusi albums before leaving in 1995.	Paul Dorrington	guitar
instrument	Manny Albam (June 24, 1922 in Samana, Dominican Republic -- October 2, 2001 in Croton-on-Hudson, New York, USA) was a jazz baritone saxophone player who eventually became a composer, arranger, producer, and educator.	Manny Albam	saxophone
instrument	Don Wayne Reno (born February 8, 1963 in Roanoke, Virginia) is a bluegrass musician and banjo player, and also an ordained minister.	Don Wayne Reno	banjo
instrument	Jakob Lindberg (born 16 October 1952) is a Swedish lutenist, performing solo, in small and large ensembles, and also directing operas, using instruments of the lute and guitar families.	Jakob Lindberg	guitar
instrument	Trygve Seim (born 25 April 1971 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone) and composer.	Trygve Seim	saxophone
instrument	Andy Piercy is a singer-songwriter who came to prominence in the Gospel beat acoustic guitar duo, Ishmael and Andy, together with Ian Smale (Ishmael).	Andy Piercy	guitar
instrument	Olli Haavisto (born 30 May 1954, Pori, Finland) is a Finnish musician best known for playing the pedal steel guitar and the guitar.	Olli Haavisto	guitar
instrument	Johan Niemann began playing bass guitar at age eleven.	Johan Niemann	guitar
instrument	Sandy Rothman (born 30 January 1946, Miami, Florida) is a San Francisco Bay Area bluegrass multi-instrumentalist and record producer, who plays mandolin, dobro and banjo, and was a friend and colleague of Grateful Dead bandleader Jerry Garcia, and a member of the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band.	Sandy Rothman	banjo
instrument	Rob Dehlinger is a trumpet player, composer, and singer/songwriter in the San Francisco Bay Area of California, United States.	Rob Dehlinger	trumpet
instrument	Ignace Michiels (born 7 December 1963) is a Belgian organist, choral conductor and organ teacher.	Ignace Michiels	organ
instrument	Charlie Poole (March 22, 1892 -- May 21, 1931) was an American old time banjo player and country musician and the leader of the North Carolina Ramblers, an American old-time string band that recorded many popular songs between 1925 to 1930.	Charlie Poole	banjo
instrument	Erdal Kızılçay (born c. 1950) is a multi-instrumental (bass guitar, oud) musician of Turkish birth who has worked with, among others, David Bowie.	Erdal Kızılçay	bass guitar
instrument	Willie Ruff (born September 1, 1931) is an American jazz musician, specializing in the French horn and double bass.	Willie Ruff	horn
instrument	Philip J. Bone (1873 in Luton -- 17 June 1964 in Luton) was an English mandolinist and guitar player in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Philip J. Bone	guitar
instrument	Born and raised in south central Wisconsin, Owen Mays began playing guitar at the age of 16.	Owen Mays	guitar
instrument	Dutch composer and conductor Johan de Meij (Voorburg, 1953) received his musical training at the Royal Conservatory of Music in The Hague, where he studied trombone and conducting.	Johan de Meij	trombone
instrument	Chris Walden grew up in Hamburg, Germany where he learned to play the recorder at age 5, the piano at age 8, and the trumpet at age 13, which then became his main instrument.	Chris Walden	trumpet
instrument	Bart Maris is a Belgian trumpet player.	Bart Maris	trumpet
instrument	Jan Koemmet (born 18 August 1961) is a German guitar player and an international designer.	Jan Koemmet	guitar
instrument	Matt Lavelle (born 1970 in Paterson, New Jersey) is a jazz trumpet, flugelhorn and bass clarinet player.	Matt Lavelle	trumpet
instrument	Georg Kopprasch (c. 1800 -- c. 1850) was a German composer and horn player primarily known for his second set of sixty horn studies (op. 6), currently used by most horn students studying at an advanced level.	Georg Kopprasch	horn
instrument	Pedro Laurenz (born Pedro Blanco Acosta) was a bandoneon player, director and composer of Argentine tango music.	Pedro Laurenz	bandoneon
instrument	Hanna Paulsberg (born 13 November 1987 in Rygge, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (tenor saxophone), daughter of folk singer and jazz musician Håkon Paulsberg, and known as leader for her own quartet the H.P. Concept.	Hanna Paulsberg	saxophone
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Pollock (22 May 1894 -- 16 December 1970) was a German social scientist and philosopher.	Friedrich Pollock	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Albert Viloca-Puig (Catalan: Joan Albert Viloca-Puig (ʒuˈan əɫˈβɛr βiˈɫɔkə ˈputʃ); born 17 January 1973) is a professional tennis player from Spain.	Juan Albert Viloca	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Paul Grimault (French: (ɡʁimo); 23 March 1905 in Neuilly-sur-Seine -- 29 March 1994 in Le Mesnil-Saint-Denis) was one of the most important French animators.	Paul Grimault	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Wilhelm Steller (10 March 1709 -- 14 November 1746) was a German botanist, zoologist, physician and explorer, who worked in Russia and is considered a pioneer of Alaskan natural history.	Georg Wilhelm Steller	German
languages spoken or written	Pietro Antonio Martini (1738--1797) was an Italian painter and engraver, active in a late Baroque style.	Pietro Antonio Martini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vasu Inturi (Telugu: వాసు ఇంటూరి) is a Telugu actor.	Vasu Inturi	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Horst Sindermann (German pronunciation: (ˈhɔʁst ˈzɪndɐman); 5 September 1915 -- 20 April 1990) was a Communist German politician and one of the leaders of East Germany.	Horst Sindermann	German
languages spoken or written	Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar CIE (26 September 1820 -- 29 July 1891), born Ishwar Chandra Bandyopadhyay (Ishshor Chôndro Bôndopaddhae), was an Indian Bengali polymath and a key figure of the Bengal Renaissance.	Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Ignacy Nagurczewski (22 March 1725 -- 1811) was a Polish writer, translator, educator, and Jesuit.	Ignacy Nagurczewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Oreste Baratieri (né Oreste Baratter, 13 November 1841 -- 7 August 1901) was an Austro-Italian general and governor of Eritrea who led the Italian army and was defeated in the First Italo--	Oreste Baratieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Miles Malleson (25 May 1888 -- 15 March 1969), generally known as Miles Malleson, was an English actor and dramatist, particularly remembered for his appearances in British comedy films of the 1930s to 1960s.	Miles Malleson	English
languages spoken or written	Rani Chandra (born in Kochi, Kerala) was a Malayalam film actress and winner of the Miss Kerala Title.	Rani Chandra	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Matija Mažuranić (Novi Vinodolski 1817-- sanatorium in Feldhof near Graz, April 17, 1881), was a Croatian writer.	Matija Mažuranić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Alexa Feser (born 30 December 1979), sometimes credited as Alexa Phazer is a German singer and songwriter.	Alexa Feser	German
languages spoken or written	Ángel David Rodríguez García (born 25 April 1980) is a Spanish sprinter.	Ángel David Rodríguez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ramesh Singh Matiyani 'Shailesh', popularly known as Shailesh Matiyani (14 October 1931 -- 24 April 2001), is a Hindi writer, poet, essayist from Uttarakhand, India.	Shailesh Matiyani	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Frederick William Hasluck (16 February 1878 -- 22 February 1920) was an English antiquarian, historian, and archaeologist.	Frederick William Hasluck	English
languages spoken or written	Jesmyn Ward is an American novelist and an associate professor of English at Tulane University.	Jesmyn Ward	English
languages spoken or written	José Carlos Caetano Xavier is a Portuguese scientist (Marine biologist) and Polar explorer.	José Carlos Caetano Xavier	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Joseph Quesnel (15 November 1746 -- 2 or 3 July 1809) was a French Canadian composer, poet, and playwright.	Joseph Quesnel	French
languages spoken or written	Blessed Giuseppe Toniolo (1845-1918) was an Italian Catholic economist and sociologist.	Giuseppe Toniolo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ernst Moritz Arndt (26 December 1769 -- 29 January 1860) was a German patriotic author and poet.	Ernst Moritz Arndt	German
languages spoken or written	Thomas Simonsson (1350 -- 1443) was a Swedish theologian and poet and the Bishop of Diocese of Strängnäs 1429 -- 1443, in the Church of Sweden.	Thomas Simonsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Guy Bono (born 30 April 1953 in Béja, Béja Governorate, Tunisia) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the south-east of France.	Guy Bono	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Aubert (30 September 1689 -- 19 May 1753), also known as Jacques Aubert le Vieux (Jacques Aubert the Elder), was a French composer and violinist.	Jacques Aubert	French
languages spoken or written	Jesse Ramsden FRS FRSE (6 October 1735 -- 5 November 1800) was an English mathematician, astronomical and scientific instrument maker.	Jesse Ramsden	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Joseph Bailey, 1st Baronet (21 January 1783 -- 20 November 1858) was an English ironmaster and Member of Parliament (MP).	Sir Joseph Bailey, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Sudheer Karamana is an Indian film actor in Malayalam cinema.	Sudheer Karamana	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Edward Topham (1751--1820) was an English journalist and playwright.	Edward Topham	English
languages spoken or written	Xavier Bosch i Sancho, publicly known as Xavier Bosch (Barcelona, July 21, 1967) is a Catalan writer and journalist.	Xavier Bosch i Sancho	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Enrico Cerulli (February 15, 1898 - September 19, 1988) was an Italian scholar of Somali and Ethiopian studies, a governor and a diplomat.	Enrico Cerulli	Italian
languages spoken or written	María Luisa Larraga Cacho (born December 10, 1970 in Zaragoza) is a Spanish runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres.	María Luisa Larraga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Georges Blondel (8 March 1856 -- 31 July 1948) was a French historian, specialising in the history of Germany and Austria before 1914.	Georges Blondel	French
languages spoken or written	Pietro Aldobrandini (31 March 1571 -- 10 February 1621) was an Italian Cardinal and patron of the arts.	Pietro Aldobrandini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Olivier Jacquemond is a French novelist, essayist and poet, born in Paris in 1980.	Olivier Jacquemond	French
languages spoken or written	Fr. Pietro Angelo Secchi SJ (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpjɛːtro ˈandʒelo ˈsekki); 29 June 1818 -- 26 February 1878) was an Italian astronomer.	Angelo Secchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hermann Zapf (German: (tsapf); November 8, 1918 -- June 4, 2015) was a German typeface designer and calligrapher who lived in Darmstadt, Germany.	Hermann Zapf	German
languages spoken or written	Amelie Fried (Ulm, September 6, 1958) is a German writer and television presenter.	Amelie Fried	German
languages spoken or written	Phillips Gybbon (11 October 1678 -- 12 March 1762), of Hole Park, Rolvenden, in Kent, was an English Member of Parliament.	Phillips Gybbon	English
languages spoken or written	Don Antonio Osorio de Acuña (1459 in Valladolid -- 23 March 1526) was a Spanish bishop of Zamora, appointed 4 January 1507, during the reigns of Ferdinand II and Charles V. He filled that see in 1519, when the civil war broke out in Spain.	Antonio Osorio de Acuña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jens Kraft (1720--1756) was a Danish mathematician and philosopher of Norwegian birth.	Jens Kraft	Danish
languages spoken or written	Jan Zamoyski or Zamojski (Latin: Ioannes de Zamość; 1542--1605) was a Polish nobleman, magnate, and the 1st ordynat of Zamość.	Jan Zamoyski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Emil Jannings (23 July 1884 -- 2 January 1950) was a German actor, popular in 1920s Hollywood.	Emil Jannings	German
languages spoken or written	Karima Delli (born 4 March 1979 in Roubaix, Nord) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the Île-de-France constituency.	Karima Delli	French
languages spoken or written	Madhavapeddi Satyam (Telugu: మాధవపెద్ది సత్యం; 11 March 1922 -- 18 December 2000) was a renowned Telugu singer and stage-actor from the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Madhavapeddi Satyam	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Vano Siradeghyan (Armenian: Վանո Սիրադեղյան; born November 13, 1946) is an Armenian politician and writer.	Vano Siradeghyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Henri-Louis Roger (January 6, 1809 -- November 15, 1891) was a French pediatrician born in Paris.	Henri-Louis Roger	French
languages spoken or written	Arnold Stadler is a German writer, essayist and translator.	Arnold Stadler	German
languages spoken or written	William Hugh Clifford Frend (11 January 1916 -- 1 August 2005) was an English ecclesiastical historian, archaeologist and Anglican priest.	William Hugh Clifford Frend	English
languages spoken or written	Paul de Barry (born at Leucate in 1587; died at Avignon, 28 July 1661) was a French Jesuit and writer.	Paul de Barry	French
languages spoken or written	Fredrik Henrik af Chapman (September 9, 1721 in Gothenburg -- August 19, 1808) was a Swedish shipbuilder, scientist and officer in the Swedish navy.	Fredrik Henrik af Chapman	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Johann Gottlieb Buhle (German: (ˈbuːlə); 29 September 1763 -- 11 August 1821), German scholar and philosopher, was born at Brunswick and educated at Göttingen.	Johann Gottlieb Buhle	German
languages spoken or written	Priyadarshini Ram was an Indian advertising executive and Telugu filmmaker.	Priyadarshini Ram	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Yvonne Kroonenberg (born 31 May 1950) is a Dutch psychologist and author.	Yvonne Kroonenberg	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Sir Joseph William Chitty (28 May 1828 -- 15 February 1899) was an English cricketer, rower, judge and Liberal politician.	Joseph William Chitty	English
languages spoken or written	Vanessa Annelyse Ève Garcin (born 25 August 1980 in Sète, Hérault, France), better known by her stage name Ève Angeli is a French pop singer, who won an NRJ Music Award for Best New French Artist in 2000--2002.	Ève Angeli	French
languages spoken or written	Nils Bengt Folke Ekerot (sometimes credited as Bengt Ekeroth) (8 February 1920 -- 26 November 1971) was a Swedish actor and director.	Bengt Ekerot	Swedish
languages spoken or written	François Mansart (13 January 1598 -- 23 September 1666) was a French architect credited with introducing classicism into Baroque architecture of France.	François Mansart	French
languages spoken or written	Dawid Jackiewicz (born March 18, 1973 in Wrocław) is a Polish politician, and the current Minister of State Treasury, serving since 2015.	Dawid Jackiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Vasil Kanchov (Bulgarian: Васил Кънчов Vasil Kǎnčov) (26 July 1862 -- 6 February 1902) was a Bulgarian geographer, ethnographer and politician.	Vasil Kanchov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	William James Clement (1802 -- 29 August 1870) was an English surgeon and a Liberal Party politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1870.	William James Clement	English
languages spoken or written	Lise Tremblay (born 13 June 1957) is a French Canadian novelist.	Lise Tremblay	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Serre (French: (sɛʁ); born 15 September 1926) is a French mathematician who has made fundamental contributions to algebraic topology, algebraic geometry, and algebraic number theory.	Jean-Pierre Serre	French
languages spoken or written	Taddeo Crivelli (fl. 1451, died by 1479), also known as Taddeo da Ferrara, was an Italian painter of illuminated manuscripts.	Taddeo Crivelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Börje Dorch (17 October 1929 in Malmö -- 9 January 2004) was a Swedish draughtsman, journalist and writer who was very active in sports.	Börje Dorch	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Antoine Houdon (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃n‿ɑ̃twan udɔ̃)) (25 March 1741 -- 15 July 1828) was a French neoclassical sculptor.	Jean-Antoine Houdon	French
languages spoken or written	William Nicolson (1655--1727) was an English divine and antiquary.	William Nicolson	English
languages spoken or written	Alejandro Blanco is the current President of the Spanish Olympic Committee.	Alejandro Blanco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francisco de Sande Picón (1540--1627) was the third Spanish governor and captain-general of the Philippines from August 25, 1575 to April 1580.	Francisco de Sande	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Erdmann Neumeister (12 May 1671 -- 18 August 1756) was a German Lutheran pastor and hymnologist.	Erdmann Neumeister	German
languages spoken or written	Robert Mertens (1 December 1894 -- 23 August 1975) was a German herpetologist.	Robert Mertens	German
languages spoken or written	Tōshūsai Sharaku (Japanese: 東洲斎 写楽; active 1794--1795) was a Japanese ukiyo-e print artist, known for his portraits of kabuki actors and sumo wrestlers.	Sharaku	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Miroslav Tyrš (17 August 1832 -- 8 August 1884) was a Czech art historian, sports organizer and founder of the Sokol movement.	Miroslav Tyrš	Czech
languages spoken or written	Vital-Casimir Cuinet, commonly known as Vital Cuinet (Longeville- December 19, 1833 - Istanbul, September 6, 1896) was a French geographer and orientalist.	Vital Cuinet	French
languages spoken or written	Mukesh Rishi is an Indian film actor who has worked in Hindi, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada films.	Mukesh Rishi	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Mohamed Ali Yousfi (Tunisian Arabic: محمد علي اليوسفي‎) (born March 3, 1950, Béja, Tunisia) is a Tunisian writer and translator.	Mohamed Ali Yousfi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Lev Grigorievich Deutsch, also known as Leo Deutsch (Russian: Лев Григо́рьевич Дейч) (1855 -- 1941) was a Russian revolutionary who was an early member of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party and one of the leaders of that organization's Menshevik factions.	Leo Deutsch	Russian
languages spoken or written	Martín del Barco Centenera (1535 -- c. 1602) was a Spanish cleric, explorer and author.	Martín del Barco Centenera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Park Chong-hwa (Hangul: 박종화) was an early-modern Korean poet and novelist.	Park Chong-hwa	Korean
languages spoken or written	Jean-Luc Vayssière (born in 1956) is a French professor, specializing in genetics and cell biology.	Jean-Luc Vayssière	French
languages spoken or written	Aniceto de Castro Albarrán (1896 in Martinez (Province of Ávila) - 1981 in Madrid), was a Spanish priest and writer.	Aniceto de Castro Albarrán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan Ignacio González del Castillo (Cadiz 1763 -- September 14, 1800) was a Spanish author of comic theatre.	Juan Ignacio González del Castillo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charlotte Mary Yonge (11 August 1823 -- 24 May 1901) was an English novelist known for her huge output, now mostly out of print.	Charlotte Mary Yonge	English
languages spoken or written	Daniel Berkeley Updike's parents were both English.	Daniel Berkeley Updike	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Carbonell Muñoz (born 30 November 1969 in Madrid) is a Spanish singer-songwriter of Romani heritage, known for his participation in the 1996 Eurovision Song Contest.	Antonio Carbonell	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Plimsoll (10 February 1824 -- 3 June 1898) was an English politician and social reformer, now best remembered for having devised the Plimsoll line (a line on a ship's hull indicating the maximum safe draft, and therefore the minimum freeboard for the vessel in various operating conditions).	Samuel Plimsoll	English
languages spoken or written	Yves Rocher (7 April 1930 -- 26 December 2009) was a French businessman and founder of the cosmetics company that bears his name.	Yves Rocher	French
languages spoken or written	Barthold Georg Niebuhr (27 August 1776 -- 2 January 1831) was a Danish-German statesman, banker, and historian who became Germany's leading historian of Ancient Rome and a founding father of modern scholarly historiography.	Barthold Georg Niebuhr	German
languages spoken or written	Margarethe Schreinemakers (born 27 July 1958 in Krefeld) is a German television presenter, talk show host and journalist.	Margarethe Schreinemakers	German
languages spoken or written	Jüri Vilms (13 March (O.S. 1 March) 1889, Arkma, now in Türi Parish, Järva County, Estonia - May 2, 1918, Hauho near Hämeenlinna, Finland) was a member of the Estonian Salvation Committee and the first Deputy Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia.	Jüri Vilms	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Santhosh Pandit is a Malayalam film actor, ,singer,director and an internet celebrity.	Santhosh Pandit	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Pauline-Marie Jaricot (22 July 1799; died there, 9 January 1862) was a French laywoman, the foundress of the Society of the Propagation of the Faith and the Living Rosary Association.	Pauline-Marie Jaricot	French
languages spoken or written	Juan de Ayolas (died c. 1537) was a conquistador born in Briviesca who explored the watershed of the Río de la Plata for the Spanish Crown.	Juan de Ayolas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Masri Feki is a French writer, researcher in the Paris 8 University, and a specialist of the geopolitics and the Middle East who lives in Paris.	Masri Feki	French
languages spoken or written	Constant Pierre (24 August 1855 -- 12 February 1918) was a French musicologist.	Constant Pierre	French
languages spoken or written	Marc-Antoine Charpentier (French: (maʁk ɑ̃.twan ʃaʁ.pɑ̃.tje); 1643 -- 24 February 1704) was a French composer of the Baroque era.	Marc-Antoine Charpentier	French
languages spoken or written	Valéry Grancher (born April 22, 1967 in Toulon, Var, France) is a French Internet-based artist, performer, theorist, curator and lecturer.	Valéry Grancher	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Waterton (3 June 1782 -- 27 May 1865) was an English naturalist and explorer.	Charles Waterton	English
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Ludwig Jahn (11 August 1778 -- 15 October 1852) was a German gymnastics educator and nationalist.	Friedrich Ludwig Jahn	German
languages spoken or written	David Ruhnken (2 January 1723 -- 14 May 1798) was a Dutch classical scholar of German origin.	David Ruhnken	German
languages spoken or written	Anna Rosmus, also known as Anja Rosmus-Wenninger, is a German author and researcher born in 1960 in Passau, Bavaria.	Anna Rosmus	German
languages spoken or written	Mileva Marić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милева Марић; December 19, 1875 -- August 4, 1948) was a Serbian physicist.	Mileva Marić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Rolf Hochhuth (born 1 April 1931 in Eschwege) is a German author and playwright.	Rolf Hochhuth	German
languages spoken or written	Altaf Hussain Hali (1837--31 December 1914, Panipat district, British India ) (Urdu: الطاف حسین حاؔلی‎ -- Alṭāf Ḥusain Ḥālī), known with his honorifics as Maulana Khawaja Hali, was an Urdu poet and writer.	Altaf Hussain Hali	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Nachum Gutman (alternate romanization: Nahum Gutman; Hebrew: נחום גוטמן‎: born October 15, 1898, died November 28, 1980) was an Israeli painter, sculptor, and author.	Nachum Gutman	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Bento de Góis (1562, Vila Franca do Campo, Azores, Portugal - 11 April 1607, Suzhou, Gansu, China), was a Portuguese Jesuit Brother, Missionary and explorer.	Bento de Góis	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Edward Waugh (1816 -- 26 March 1891) was an English solicitor and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885.	Edward Waugh	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Noulet (1 May 1802 - 24 May 1890) was a French scientist and naturalist who helped to prove the archæological existence of humans and was one of the pioneers of the scientific discipline of prehistoric archaeology.	Jean-Baptiste Noulet	French
languages spoken or written	Trond Berg Eriksen (born 3 October 1945) is a Norwegian historian of ideas, non-fiction writer and magazine editor.	Trond Berg Eriksen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	György Klapka (Hungarian: Klapka György), also known as German:	György Klapka	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Kadhal Dhandapani (died 20 July 2014) was an Indian film actor who appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films.	Kadhal Dhandapani	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Wilhelmine von Hillern (11 March 1836 Munich -- 15 December 1916 Hohenaschau) was a German actress and novelist.	Wilhelmine von Hillern	German
languages spoken or written	Joseph Le Brix (22 February 1899 - 12 September 1931) was a French aviator and a capitain de corvette (lieutenant commander) in the French Navy.	Joseph Le Brix	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Caby (Venette, March 25, 1905 - Paris, October 3, 1992) was a French composer and writer.	Robert Caby	French
languages spoken or written	Laurent Lafforgue (French: (lafɔʁɡ); born 6 November 1966) is a French mathematician.	Laurent Lafforgue	French
languages spoken or written	George Becali (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe beˈkali), commonly known in Romania as Gigi Becali; born 25 June 1958) is a controversial Romanian politician and businessman, mostly known for his ownership of the Steaua Bucureşti football club.	Gigi Becali	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Géza von Bolváry (full name Géza Maria von Bolváry-Zahn; 26 December 1897 -- 10 August 1961) was a Hungarian actor, screenwriter and film director, who worked principally in Germany and Austria.	Géza von Bolváry	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Baglione (1566 -- 30 December 1643) was an Italian Late Mannerist and Early Baroque painter and art historian.	Giovanni Baglione	Italian
languages spoken or written	Franz Fühmann (15 January 1922 -- 8 July 1984) was a German writer who lived and worked in East Germany.	Franz Fühmann	German
languages spoken or written	Pope Pius XI, (Italian: Pio XI) born Ambrogio Damiano Achille Ratti (Italian pronunciation: (amˈbrɔdʒo daˈmjano aˈkille ˈratti); 31 May 1857 -- 10 February 1939), reigned from 6 February 1922 to his death in 1939.	Pope Pius XI	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hrant Dink (Western Armenian: Հրանդ Տինք, pronounced (həˈɾɑnt diŋkʰ)) (September 15, 1954 -- January 19, 2007) was a Turkish-Armenian editor, journalist and columnist.	Hrant Dink	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Robert Storm Petersen (September 19, 1882 -- March 6, 1949) was a Danish cartoonist, writer, animator, illustrator, painter and humorist.	Robert Storm Petersen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Remy Chauvin (10 October 1913 -- 8 December 2009) at Sainte-Croix-aux-Mines, Haut-Rhin, was a biologist and entomologist, and a French Honorary Professor Emeritus at the Sorbonne, PhD, senior research fellow since 1946.	Remy Chauvin	French
languages spoken or written	Ehrenfried Günther Freiherr von Hünefeld (1 May 1892--5 February 1929) was a German aviation pioneer and initiator of the first transatlantic aeroplane flight from East to West.	Ehrenfried Günther Freiherr von Hünefeld	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Leo Weisgerber (February 25, 1899, Metz -- August 8, 1985, Bonn) was a Lorraine-born German linguist who also specialized in Celtic linguistics.	Leo Weisgerber	German
languages spoken or written	Michl Ebner (born on 20 September 1952 in Bolzano, Italy) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North-East with the Südtiroler Volkspartei, Member of the Bureau of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.	Michl Ebner	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paul-Claude Racamier (French: (ʁakamje); 20 May 1924 -- 18 August 1996) was a French psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, born in Doubs.	Paul-Claude Racamier	French
languages spoken or written	Sönke Neitzel (born June 26, 1968) is a German historian who has written extensively about the Second World War.	Sönke Neitzel	German
languages spoken or written	Alice Vieira (born March 20, 1943 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese children's book author.	Alice Vieira	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Karl Gustav Cassel (20 October 1866 -- 14 January 1945) was a Swedish economist and professor of economics at Stockholm University.	Gustav Cassel	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Manuel Polo y Peyrolón (1846 -- 1918) was a Spanish novelist, philosopher, academic and a Carlist politician.	Manuel Polo y Peyrolón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pamela Vivien Kirkham, 16th Baroness Berners (born 30 September 1929) is an English hereditary peeress and former member of the House of Lords, who served as an NHS nurse.	Pamela Vivien Kirkham, 16th Baroness Berners	English
languages spoken or written	Ljubomir Nenadović (14 September 1826 -- 21 January 1895) was Serbian writer, poet, translator, diplomat, minister of education and member of the Serbian Royal Academy.	Ljubomir Nenadović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Lars Norén (born 9 May 1944) is a Swedish playwright, novelist and poet.	Lars Norén	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Brankica Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранкица Станковић; born October 1975 in Belgrade) is a prominent Serbian investigative journalist reporting on topics of crime and political corruption in Serbia.	Brankica Stanković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Viktor Dyk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɪktor ˈdɪk)) (31 December 1877 -- 14 May 1931) was a nationalist Czech poet, prose writer, playwright, politician and political writer.	Viktor Dyk	Czech
languages spoken or written	René Vautier (French: (votje); 15 January 1928 -- 4 January 2015) was a French film director.	René Vautier	French
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Bau Nolla (1897 - 1973) was a Spanish Carlist and Francoist politician.	Joaquín Bau	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Monica Elizabeth Jolley AO (4 June 1923 -- 13 February 2007) was an English-born writer who settled in Western Australia in the late 1950s.	Elizabeth Jolley	English
languages spoken or written	Andrés Ortiz-Osés (born 1943, Tardienta) is a Spanish philosopher.	Andrés Ortiz-Osés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoine Thomson d'Abbadie d'Arrast (3 January 1810 -- 19 March 1897) was a French explorer, geographer, ethnologist, linguist and astronomer notable for his travels in Ethiopia during the first half of the 19th century.	Antoine Thomson d'Abbadie	French
languages spoken or written	Aïda Mady Diallo is a French-born Malian novelist and director.	Aïda Mady Diallo	French
languages spoken or written	Henri-Edmond Cross, born Henri-Edmond-Joseph Delacroix, (20 May 1856 -- 16 May 1910) was a French painter and printmaker.	Henri-Edmond Cross	French
languages spoken or written	Félicien Menu de Ménil (16 July 1860 -- 28 March 1930) was a French composer and Esperanto enthusiast best known for his musical setting of Ludwig Zamenhof's poem La Espero.	Félicien Menu de Ménil	French	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Hans Ernst Schneider (15 December 1909 -- 18 December 1999), was a German professor of literature under his alias Hans Schwerte.	Hans Schwerte	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Baubérot (born 26 July 1941 in Châteauponsac, Haute-Vienne), is a French historian and sociologist specialist in sociology of religions and founder of the sociology of secularism.	Jean Baubérot	French
languages spoken or written	Joaquim Maria Puyal i Ortiga (born March 24, 1949) is a Catalan journalist known for his work in television and radio.	Joaquim Maria Puyal	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Joseph Henri Ferdinand Douvillé (16 June 1846 -- 19 January 1937), also known as Henri Douvillé, was French paleontologist, geologist and malacologist.	Joseph Henri Ferdinand Douvillé	French
languages spoken or written	Serafino dell'Aquila alias Serafino Cimini di Bazzano alias Serafino dei Ciminelli (1466-1500), Italian and prominent member of the Cimino family, poet and improvisatore.	Serafino dell'Aquila	Italian
languages spoken or written	András Kepes (born October 11, 1948) Hungarian journalist, documentary filmmaker and author, has been one of the most prominent and popular TV personalities in Hungary for more than 30 years.	András Kepes	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Palatino (c. 1515 - c. 1575), also known as Giambattista, was an Italian calligrapher.	Giovanni Battista Palatino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leo Valiani (Leo Weiczen; 9 February 1909 -- 18 September 1999) was an Italian historian, politician and journalist.	Leo Valiani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sergio Panunzio (July 20, 1886 -- October 8, 1944) was an Italian theoretician of revolutionary syndicalism.	Sergio Panunzio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ismaël Ferroukhi (born 1962) is a French-Moroccan film director.	Ismaël Ferroukhi	French
languages spoken or written	Gyula Kristó (11 July 1939 -- 24 January 2004) was a Hungarian historian and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Gyula Kristó	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Albert Giraud (French: (ʒiʁo); 23 June 1860 -- 26 December 1929), was a Belgian poet who wrote in French.	Albert Giraud	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Favoreu (September 5, 1936 -- September 1, 2004) was a French academic, specialized in public law, and a jurist.	Louis Favoreu	French
languages spoken or written	Catherine Fradonnet (December 1542 -- November 1587), called Catherine Des Roches, was a French writer of the Renaissance.	Catherine Des Roches	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Ange Duez (also known as Ernest-Ange Duez and Ernest Duez, 8 March 1843 -- 5 April 1896) was a French painter of genre scenes, portraits, landscapes and religious subjects.	Ernest Ange Duez	French
languages spoken or written	Amalric of Bena (French: Amaury de Bène, Amaury de Chartres; Latin: Almaricus, Amalricus, Amauricus; died c. 1204-1207 AD) was a French theologian and sect leader, after whom the Amalricians are named.	Amalric of Bena	Latin
languages spoken or written	William Whewell FRS FGS (/ˈhjuːəl/ HEW-əl; 24 May 1794 -- 6 March 1866) was an English polymath, scientist, Anglican priest, philosopher, theologian, and historian of science.	William Whewell	English
languages spoken or written	Paulino Rivero Baute (born 11 February 1952; El Sauzal, Tenerife, Spain) is a Spanish politician and teacher.	Paulino Rivero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan de Valdés (c.1500 -- August 1541) was a Spanish religious writer.	Juan de Valdés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Massimo D'Alema (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmassimo daˈlɛma); born 20 April 1949) is an Italian politician who was the 53rd Prime Minister from 1998 to 2000.	Massimo D'Alema	Italian
languages spoken or written	Raymond Federman (May 15, 1928 -- October 6, 2009) was a French--	Raymond Federman	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Sansone (24 May 1888 -- 13 October 1979) was an Italian mathematician, known for his works on mathematical analysis, on the theory of orthogonal functions and on the theory of ordinary differential equations.	Giovanni Sansone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Général Alexandre Percin was a French military officier, chief of staff for Louis André, the Minister of War responsible for the Affaire des Fiches, from 1900 to 1904.	Alexandre Percin	French
languages spoken or written	Mary Lorimer Beatrix Campbell, OBE (born 3 February 1947), née Barnes, is an English writer and activist who has written for a number of publications since the early 1970s.	Beatrix Campbell	English
languages spoken or written	Nora-Eugenie Gomringer (born January 26, 1980 in Neunkirchen, Saar) is a German and Swiss poet and writer.	Nora-Eugenie Gomringer	German
languages spoken or written	Marion Guillou (born September 17, 1954 in Marseille, France) is a French agronomist specialized in global food security.	Marion Guillou	French
languages spoken or written	Born in Cedarville, Illinois, Jane Addams was the youngest of eight children born into a prosperous northern Illinois family of English-American descent which traced back to colonial New England; her father was politically prominent.	Jane Addams	English
languages spoken or written	Evelyn Insam (born 10 February 1994) is an Italian ski jumper and the 2013 National Champion.	Evelyn Insam	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Henry Furnese, 1st Baronet (30 May 1658 -- 30 November 1712) was an English merchant and politician.	Sir Henry Furnese, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Dimitar Talev (Bulgarian: Димитър Талев) (1 September 1898 -- 20 October 1966) was a Bulgarian writer and journalist.	Dimitar Talev	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Christian Heinrich Arthur Drews (German: (dʀɛfs); November 1, 1865 -- July 19, 1935) was a German writer, historian, philosopher, and important representative of German monist thought.	Arthur Drews	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Ambroise-Marcellin Jobard (17 May 1792 -- 27 October 1861) was a Belgian lithographer, photographer and inventor of French origin.	Marcellin Jobard	French
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera (1528 -- 1574) was a Spanish Conquistador, early colonial governor over much of what today is northwestern Argentina, and founder of the city of Córdoba.	Jerónimo Luis de Cabrera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luigi Ballerini (born 1940 in Milan), currently living in New York and Los Angeles, is an Italian poet, professor of modern and contemporary Italian Literature at UCLA and a historian of gastronomy.	Luigi Ballerini	Italian
languages spoken or written	La Terremoto de Alcorcón (in English, The Earthquake of Alcorcon), is a Spanish singer.	La Terremoto de Alcorcón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gilles Kepel (born 30 June 1955) is a French political scientist and specialist of the Islamic and contemporary Arab world.	Gilles Kepel	French
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Chí Thiện (27 February 1939 -- 2 October 2012) was a Vietnamese-born American dissident, activist and poet who spent a total of twenty-seven years in prison.	Nguyễn Chí Thiện	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Shirley Brice Heath is an American linguistic anthropologist, and Professor Emerita, Margery Bailey Professorship in English, at Stanford University.	Shirley Brice Heath	English
languages spoken or written	Yi I (Hangul: 이이; hanja: 李珥, December 26, 1536 -- 1584) was one of the two most prominent Korean Confucian scholars of the Joseon Dynasty, the other being his older contemporary, Yi Hwang (Toegye).	Yi I	Korean
languages spoken or written	Mark Chadbourn is an English fantasy, science fiction, historical fiction, and horror author with more than a dozen novels (and one non-fiction book) published around the world.	Mark Chadbourn	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Becatti (1912--1973) was an Italian Classical art historian and archaeologist.	Giovanni Becatti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dai Wangshu (Chinese: 戴望舒; pinyin: Dài Wàngshū) (also Tai Wang-shu or Tai Van-chou) (March 5, 1905--February 28, 1950) was a Chinese poet, essayist and translator active from the late 1920s to the end of the 1940s.	Dai Wangshu	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jules Baillaud (born January 14, 1876 in Paris, died November 28, 1960) is a French astronomer.	Jules Baillaud	French
languages spoken or written	François-Noël Babeuf (French: (babœf); 23 November 1760 -- 27 May 1797), known as Gracchus Babeuf, was a French political agitator and journalist of the French Revolutionary period.	François-Noël Babeuf	French
languages spoken or written	Théophile Funck-Brentano (21 August 1830 -- 23 January 1906) was a Luxembourgian-French sociologist.	Théophile Funck-Brentano	French
languages spoken or written	Sir John Shelley, 5th Baronet (1730 -- 11 September 1783), of Michelgrove in Sussex, was an English Member of Parliament.	Sir John Shelley, 5th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Rudolf Alexander Schröder (January 26, 1878 -- August 22, 1962) was a German translator and poet.	Rudolf Alexander Schröder	German
languages spoken or written	Adnan Oktar (born 2 February 1956), also known as Harun Yahya, is a Turkish author as well as an Islamic creationist.	Adnan Oktar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Honorat de Porchères Laugier (8 June 1572, Forcalquier -- 26 October 1653) was a French poet.	Honorat de Porchères Laugier	French
languages spoken or written	Umberto Boccioni (Italian pronunciation: (umˈbɛrto botˈtʃoːni); 19 October 1882 -- 17 August 1916) was an influential Italian painter and sculptor.	Umberto Boccioni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Petar Konjović (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Коњовић, pronounced (pɛ̂tar kɔ̂ːɲɔʋit͡ɕ), 5 May 1883 -- 1 October 1970) was a Serbian composer.	Petar Konjović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Tevfik Başer (born 12 January 1951) is a Turkish-German film director and screenwriter.	Tevfik Başer	German
languages spoken or written	Shabtai Teveth (Hebrew: שבתי טבת‎‎; 1925 -- 1 November 2014), was an Israeli historian and an anti-Revisionist author.	Shabtai Teveth	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	François-Bernard Mâche (born April 4, 1935, Clermont-Ferrand) is a French composer of contemporary music.	François-Bernard Mâche	French
languages spoken or written	Jan Werich (Czech: (ˈjan ˈvɛrɪx); 6 February 1905 -- 31 October 1980) was a Czech actor, playwright and writer.	Jan Werich	Czech
languages spoken or written	Rubén Caba, born in Madrid, is a Spanish novelist and essayist.	Rubén Caba	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alfred Alvarez (born 5 August 1929) is an English poet, novelist, essayist and critic who publishes under the name A. Alvarez and Al Alvarez.	Al Alvarez	English
languages spoken or written	Vasile Alecsandri (Romanian pronunciation: (vaˈsile aleksanˈdri); 21 July 1821 -- 22 August 1890) was a Moldavian poet, playwright, politician, and diplomat.	Vasile Alecsandri	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Sixto Agudo González (born August 25, 1916, Torrijos, d. June 29, 2004) was a Spanish politician and World War II resistance member.	Sixto Agudo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Roberto Roversi (28 January 1923 -- 14 September 2012) was an Italian poet, writer and journalist.	Roberto Roversi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Julius Wilhelm Albert Wigand (April 21, 1821 -- October 22, 1886) was a German Botanist.	Albert Wigand	German
languages spoken or written	Thomas Anstey Guthrie (8 August 1856 - 10 March 1934) was an English novelist and journalist, who wrote his comic novels under the pseudonym F. Anstey.	Thomas Anstey Guthrie	English
languages spoken or written	Marcelino Martínez Cao (born 29 April 1940), known simply as Marcelino, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.	Marcelino Martínez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Luis García Forcada is a Spanish chemist, politician and businessman.	Luis García Forcada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guillaume de Nangis (died 1300), also known as William of Nangis, was a French chronicler.	Guillaume de Nangis	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Crampel (17 November 1864 -- 9 April 1891) was a French explorer.	Paul Crampel	French
languages spoken or written	Gregorio López-Bravo y Castro (29 December 1923 in Madrid, Spain -- 19 February 1985 in Bilbao, Spain) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1969 and 1973.	Gregorio López-Bravo y Castro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Parreno is a French artist who lives and works in Paris, France.	Philippe Parreno	French
languages spoken or written	James Bolton (1735 -- 7 January 1799) was an English naturalist, botanist, mycologist, and illustrator.	James Bolton	English
languages spoken or written	Robert Havemann (11 March 1910 -- 9 April 1982) was a chemist, and an East German dissident.	Robert Havemann	German
languages spoken or written	Jaume Huguet (Catalan: (ˈʒawmə uˈɣɛt); 1412--1492) was a Catalan painter.	Jaume Huguet	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Lee, 3rd Baronet (1687-1749), of Hartwell, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.	Sir Thomas Lee, 3rd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Víctor Balaguer i Cirera (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbiktor βəɫəˈɣe)) (11 December 1824 -- 14 January 1901), Spanish politician and author, was born at Barcelona on 11 December 1824, and was educated at the university of his native city.	Víctor Balaguer i Cirera	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Raymond Domenech (French pronunciation: ​(ʁɛmɔ̃ dɔmɛnɛk); born 24 January 1952 in Lyon) is a retired French footballer and the former manager of the French national football team.	Raymond Domenech	French
languages spoken or written	Rafael Sánchez Mazas (February 18, 1894 - October 1966) was a Spanish nationalist writer and a leader of the Falange, a right-wing political movement created in Spain before the Spanish Civil War.	Rafael Sánchez Mazas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Payne Rainsford James (9 August 1799 -- 9 June 1860), was an English novelist and historical writer, the son of a physician in London.	George Payne Rainsford James	English
languages spoken or written	Hydatius was born around the year 400 in the environs of Civitas Lemica, a Roman town near modern Xinzo de Limia in the Spanish Galician province of Ourense.	Hydatius	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dino Grandi (4 June 1895 -- 21 May 1988), 1st Conte di Mordano, was an Italian Fascist politician, minister of justice, minister of foreign affairs and president of parliament.	Dino Grandi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dr. Manuel Ferraz de Campos Sales (Portuguese pronunciation: (manuˈew feˈʁas di ˈkɐpus ˈsalis); 15 February 1841 -- 28 June 1913) was a Brazilian lawyer, coffee farmer and politician.	Manuel Ferraz de Campos Sales	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Víctor García de la Concha, KOGF (born 2 January 1934, Villaviciosa, Asturias) is a Spanish philologist.	Víctor García de la Concha	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Akshara Gowda (born Harini Gowda on 24 December 1991 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is an Indian film actress who has appeared in Hindi and Tamil films.	Akshara Gowda	Hindi
languages spoken or written	A French historian of international relations, Dr. Thomas Gomart (History -- Paris I Panthéon-Sorbonne) is Director of the Russia/NIS Center at IFRI (Institut français des relations internationales) and of the trilingual electronic collection Russie.NEI.Visions in English.	Thomas Gomart	French
languages spoken or written	Lord Edward Thynne (23 January 1807 -- 4 February 1884) was an English nobleman.	Lord Edward Thynne	English
languages spoken or written	Clifford Edmund Bosworth FBA (29 December 1928 -- 28 February 2015) was an English historian and Orientalist, specializing in Arabic and Iranian studies.	Clifford Edmund Bosworth	English
languages spoken or written	Hermann Rauschning (7 August 1887 -- February 8, 1982) was a German Conservative Revolutionary who briefly joined the Nazis before breaking with them.	Hermann Rauschning	German
languages spoken or written	José Augusto Sánchez Pérez (Madrid, 30 November 1882 -- 13 November 1958) was a Spanish mathematician and member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences.	José Augusto Sánchez Pérez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nikolay Haytov (Bulgarian: Николай Хайтов) (15 September 1919 -- 30 June 2002) was a Bulgarian fiction writer, playwright, patriot and publicist known for his publications and research regarding the life of Bulgarian revolutioner Vasil Levski.	Nikolay Haytov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Hugh Fortescue, 4th Earl Fortescue KCB (16 April 1854 -- 29 October 1932), styled Viscount Ebrington from 1861 to 1905, was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1881 until 1892 and later in the House of Lords having inherited his father's peerages.	Hugh Fortescue, 4th Earl Fortescue	English
languages spoken or written	José María de Pereda (born 6 February 1833, Polanco, Cantabria -- died 1 March 1906, Polanco) was a modern Spanish novelists, and a Member of the Royal Spanish Academy.	José María de Pereda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giora Romm (Hebrew: גיורא רום‎, born 1945) is a former deputy commander of the Israeli Air Force (IAF), Israel's former military attaché in the United States and the current director of the Civil Aviation Authority of Israel.	Giora Romm	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	William Henry Wilkins (1860--1905) was an English writer, best known as a royal biographer and campaigner for immigration controls.	William Henry Wilkins	English
languages spoken or written	Gaston Jèze (Toulouse, March 2, 1869 -- August 5, 1953 in Deauville) was a French academic, humanitarian and Human Rights activist.	Gaston Jèze	French
languages spoken or written	Andriy Shkil (Ukrainian: Андрі́й Васи́льович Шкіль; Andriy Vasilovich Shkil) is a Ukrainian politician.	Andriy Shkil	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Frank Ripploh (September 2, 1949 -- June 22, 2002) was a German actor, film director, and author.	Frank Ripploh	German
languages spoken or written	Bhagyalakshmi (Malayalam: ഭാഗ്യലക്ഷ്മി ; born 1 November 1962) is a leading dubbing artist of Malayalam film industry.	Bhagyalakshmi	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Nina Auerbach (born May 24, 1943 in New York City) is the John Welsh Centennial Professor of English Emerita at the University of Pennsylvania.	Nina Auerbach	English
languages spoken or written	Turhan Feyzioğlu (1922 -- 24 March 1988) was a Turkish academic and a politician.	Turhan Feyzioğlu	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jaromír Štětina (born April 6, 1943 in Prague) is a Czech journalist, writer and politician.	Jaromír Štětina	Czech
languages spoken or written	Maurice Halbwachs (French: (mɔˈʁis ˈalbvaks); 11 March 1877 -- 16 March 1945) was a French philosopher and sociologist known for developing the concept of collective memory.	Maurice Halbwachs	French
languages spoken or written	Gyula Madarász (3 May 1858 -- 29 December 1931), also known as Julius von Madarász, was a Hungarian ornithologist and nature artist, who worked at the Hungarian National Museum.	Gyula Madarász	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jacopo Facciolati (1682--1769) was an Italian lexicographer and philologist.	Jacopo Facciolati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Enguerrand de Marigny (1260 -- April 30, 1315) was a French chamberlain and minister of Philip IV the Fair.	Enguerrand de Marigny	French
languages spoken or written	Georg Pencz (c. 1500 -- 11 October 1550) was a German engraver, painter and printmaker.	Georg Pencz	German
languages spoken or written	Gustave Malécot (December 28, 1911 -- November 1998) was a French mathematician whose work on heredity had a strong influence on population genetics.	Gustave Malécot	French
languages spoken or written	Stanoje Stanojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Станоје Станојевић; 1874 in Novi Sad -- 1937 in Belgrade) was a Serbian historian, university professor, academic and a leader of many scientific and publishing enterprises.	Stanoje Stanojević	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Peter Häberle (born 13 May 1934 in Göppingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German legal scholar, specialising in constitutional law.	Peter Häberle	German
languages spoken or written	Vittorio Monti (6 January 1868 -- 20 June 1922) was an Italian composer, violinist, mandolinist and conductor.	Vittorio Monti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jacques Rohault (French: (ʁɔ.o); 1618--1672) was a French philosopher, physicist and mathematician, and a follower of Cartesianism.	Jacques Rohault	French
languages spoken or written	Giulio Claro (or Clarus) (1525--1575) was an Italian jurist.	Giulio Claro	Italian
languages spoken or written	Salama Moussa (or Musa; 1887 -- 4 August 1958) (Arabic: سلامه موسى‎ pronounced (sæˈlæːmæ ˈmuːsæ)), born into a wealthy, land owning Coptic family in the town of Zagazig located in the Nile delta, Egypt.	Salama Moussa	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jean-Émile Charon (Paris, 25 February 1920 -- Paris, June 1998) was a French nuclear physicist, philosopher and writer.	Jean-Émile Charon	French
languages spoken or written	Rafael Rodríguez Mohedano (1725--1787) was a Spanish Franciscan, historian and writer.	Rafael Rodríguez Mohedano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Martin Schanz (12 June 1842 -- 15 December 1914) was a German classicist and Plato scholar.	Martin Schanz	German
languages spoken or written	Dominique Alexandre Godron (March 25, 1807 - August 16, 1880) was a French physician and botanist born in the town of Hayange, in the département Moselle.	Dominique Alexandre Godron	French
languages spoken or written	Mario de Carvalho (born 25 September 1944 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese playwright and novelist.	Mario de Carvalho	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Petra Hartmann (born 1970 in Hildesheim) is a German literature scientist, journalist and author.	Petra Hartmann	German
languages spoken or written	Raveneau de Lussan (born 1663 in Paris) was a French buccaneer.	Raveneau de Lussan	French
languages spoken or written	Nicole Loraux (26 April 1943 -- 6 April 2003) was a French historian of classical Athens.	Nicole Loraux	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Fursy or Furcy (real name Henri Dreyfus, 26 February 1866 - 14 April 1929) was a French cabaret singer, director and lyricist.	Henri Fursy	French
languages spoken or written	Mesut Özil (German pronunciation: (ˈmeːzut ˈøːzil), Turkish: (meˈsut ˈøzil); born 15 October 1988) is a German footballer who plays for English club Arsenal and the German national team.	Mesut Özil	German
languages spoken or written	Maxime Jacob, or Dom Clément Jacob, (13 January 1906, Bordeaux -- 26 February 1977, Abbaye En-Calcat, Dourgne, Tarn) was a French composer and organist.	Maxime Jacob	French
languages spoken or written	François Le Diascorn (Born January 10, 1947 at La Flèche, near Mans, Sarthe département) is a French photographer, close to the humanist school, who has developed a poetic vision of the world through his unusual images in which a dream-like world seems to superimpose itself upon reality.	François Le Diascorn	French
languages spoken or written	Alexander Granach (April 18, 1893 -- March 14, 1945) was a popular German actor in the 1920s and 1930s who later migrated to the United States.	Alexander Granach	German
languages spoken or written	Ana Francisca Abarca de Bolea (1602--1685) was a Spanish writer and poet born in Zaragoza on 19 April 1602 and died in Casbas (Huesca) around 1685.	Ana Francisca Abarca de Bolea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Haim Yisraeli (Hebrew: חיים ישראלי‎;‎ 1927 -- 7 June 2011) was a senior Israeli civil servant.	Haim Yisraeli	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Tomislav Ivančić (born 1938) is a Croatian theologian and academic.	Tomislav Ivančić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Feliks Topolski RA (14 August 1907 -- 24 August 1989) was a Polish expressionist painter and draughtsman working primarily in the United Kingdom.	Feliks Topolski	Polish
languages spoken or written	John Amyand (6 November 1751 - 5 June 1780) was an English Whig politician.	John Amyand	English
languages spoken or written	Peter Jonas Bergius (born 1730 in Kronoberg, Sweden - died 1790) was a Swedish medical doctor and botanist.	Peter Jonas Bergius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Crawley (16 December 1790 -- 21 December 1852) was an English Whig and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1818 and 1841.	Samuel Crawley	English
languages spoken or written	Carlos Labbé (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkaɾlos laˈβe)) is a Chilean fiction writer born at Santiago de Chile in 1977.	Carlos Labbé	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albert Manent i Segimon (23 September 1930 -- 14 April 2014) was a Spanish writer and cultural activist.	Albert Manent	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Franco Arcalli (18 July 1929 - 24 February 1978), also known as Kim Arcalli, was an Italian film editor and screenwriter best known for his work with Bernardo Bertolucci and Michelangelo Antonioni.	Franco Arcalli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Frederick Luis Aldama is Arts and Humanities Distinguished Professor of English and University Distinguished Scholar at The Ohio State University, United States.	Frederick Luis Aldama	English
languages spoken or written	Paul Dubreil (French: (dybʁɛj); 1 March 1904 -- 9 March 1994) was a French mathematician.	Paul Dubreil	French
languages spoken or written	Théodule-Armand Ribot (December 18, 1839 -- December 9, 1916), French psychologist, was born at Guingamp, and was educated at the Lycée de St Brieuc.	Théodule-Armand Ribot	French
languages spoken or written	Ilia Beshkov Dunov (Bulgarian: Илия Бешков Дунов; 24 July 1901 -- 23 January 1958) was a Bulgarian artist (painter, graphic artist, cartoonist and illustrator), writer and pedagogue.	Ilia Beshkov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Rabbi Elazar ben Moshe Azikri (Hebrew: אלעזר בן משה אזכרי‎) (1533--1600) was a Jewish kabbalist, poet and writer, born in Safed to a Sephardic family who had settled in the Land of Israel after the expulsion from Spain.	Elazar ben Moshe Azikri	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Joseph Kürschner (20 September 1853, in Gotha -- 29 July 1902, on a journey to Huben) was a German author and editor most often cited for his critical edition of classics from German literature.	Joseph Kürschner	German
languages spoken or written	Ernst Friedrich Karl Rosenmüller (December 10, 1768 -- September 17, 1835) was a German Orientalist and Protestant theologian born in Heßberg, which is now a part of Veilsdorf in the District of Hildburghausen, Thuringia.	Ernst Friedrich Karl Rosenmüller	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Meslier (French: (melje); also Mellier; 15 June 1664 -- 17 June 1729), was a French Catholic priest (abbé) who was discovered, upon his death, to have written a book-length philosophical essay promoting atheism.	Jean Meslier	French
languages spoken or written	Ferdinando Fontana (30 January 1850 -- 10 May 1919) was an Italian journalist, dramatist, and poet.	Ferdinando Fontana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Régis Blachère (30 June 1900 -- 7 August 1973) was a French orientalist and translator of the Qur'an.	Régis Blachère	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Briard (born November 7, 1933 in Saint-Malo, France -- died June 14, 2002 in Chantepie, France) was a French prehistoric archaeologist.	Jacques Briard	French
languages spoken or written	Feliks Tych (31 July 1929, Warsaw, Poland -- 16 February 2015, Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish Jewish historian and educator.	Feliks Tych	Polish
languages spoken or written	Admiral comte Pierre André de Suffren de Saint Tropez, bailli de Suffren (17 July 1729 -- 8 December 1788), French admiral.	Pierre André de Suffren	French
languages spoken or written	Manuel Francisco Álvarez de la Peña (1727--1797), Spanish sculptor, was born at Salamanca.	Manuel Francisco Álvarez de la Peña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Bardari (27 May 1817 -- 22 September 1861) was an Italian lawyer and writer.	Giuseppe Bardari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Étienne Louis Camus (25 August 1699 -- 2 February 1768), was a French mathematician and mechanician who was born at Crécy-en-Brie, near Meaux.	Charles Étienne Louis Camus	French
languages spoken or written	Antoine Johannot, known commonly as Tony Johannot (9 November 1803 -- 4 August 1852), was a French engraver, illustrator and painter.	Tony Johannot	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Cally (25 September 1630 -- 31 December 1709) was a French Catholic Cartesian philosopher and theologian.	Pierre Cally	French
languages spoken or written	Romano Bilenchi (1909-1989) was an Italian novelist, short story writer and essayist.	Romano Bilenchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hedda Zinner, or Hedda Erpenbeck-Zinner (20 May 1905 -- 7 January 1994) was a German political writer, actress, comedienne, journalist and radio director.	Hedda Zinner	German
languages spoken or written	Nigel North (born 5 June 1954) is an English lutenist, musicologist, and pedagogue.	Nigel North	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Corneille (2 December 1649 -- 12 April 1695) was a French painter, etcher, and engraver.	Jean-Baptiste Corneille	French
languages spoken or written	William Aldam (20 August 1813 -- 27 July 1890) was an English Liberal Party politician and MP for the Yorkshire constituency of Leeds between 1841 and 1847.	William Aldam	English
languages spoken or written	Domenico Tempio (1750--1821) was an Italian writer who mainly wrote in the Sicilian language or dialect.	Domenico Tempio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Al-Mufaddal ibn Abi al-Fada'il (Arabic: المفضل بن ابي الفضائل‎) was a 14th-century Egyptian historian.	Al-Mufaddal ibn Abi al-Fada'il	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Viktor Golyshev (born 1937) is a well-known English-to-Russian translator.	Viktor Golyshev	English
languages spoken or written	Lluís Llach i Grande (Catalan pronunciation: (ʎuˈiz ˈʎak)) (born 7 May 1948 in Girona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Catalan composer and singer-songwriter.	Lluís Llach	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Maurice Klippel (30 May 1858 -- 20 July 1942) was a French physician for whom the conditions Klippel-Feil syndrome and Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome are named.	Maurice Klippel	French
languages spoken or written	Eileen Chang (simplified Chinese: 张爱玲; traditional Chinese: 張愛玲; pinyin: Zhāng Ailíng; Cantonese Yale: Zoeng Oiling) (September 30, 1920 -- September 8, 1995) was one of the most influential modern Chinese writers.	Eileen Chang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Hamid Notghi (Persian: حمید نطقی‎‎, 1920--1999) was an Iranian poet, writer, author, university professor.	Hamid Notghi	Persian
languages spoken or written	Gérard Corbiau (French: (kɔʁbjo); born 19 September 1941) is a Belgian film director.	Gérard Corbiau	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Vessiot (French: (vesjo); March 8, 1865 -- October 17, 1952) was a French mathematician.	Ernest Vessiot	French
languages spoken or written	The President of the Region of Murcia, (Spanish: Presidente de la Región de Murcia) is the head of government of the Spanish autonomous community of the Region of Murcia.	President of the Region of Murcia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Duverger (5 June 1917 -- 16 December 2014) was a French jurist, sociologist and politician.	Maurice Duverger	French
languages spoken or written	Donald Gee (1891--1966) was an English Pentecostal Bible Teacher.	Donald Gee	English
languages spoken or written	Stefano della Bella (18 May 1610 -- 12 July 1664) was an Italian draughtsman and printmaker known for etchings of a great variety of subjects, including military and court scenes, landscapes, and lively genre scenes.	Stefano della Bella	Italian
languages spoken or written	Samuel Elias Sawbridge (7 January 1769 - 27 May 1850) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of Great Britain and then of the United Kingdom from 1796 to 1797 and in 1807.	Samuel Elias Sawbridge	English
languages spoken or written	Conrad Janninck (``Conrad Janningus'' in Latin) was one of the Bollandists who worked on the Acts of the Saints.	Conrad Janninck	Latin
languages spoken or written	Franco Zeffirelli, KBE Grande Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfraŋko ddzeffiˈrɛlli); born 12 February 1923) is an Italian director and producer of operas, films and television.	Franco Zeffirelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nawaf Massalha (Arabic: نواف مصالحة‎, Hebrew: נואף מסאלחה‎, born 26 November 1943, also spelt Nawaf Mazalha or Nawaf Masalha) is an Israeli Arab politician.	Nawaf Massalha	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jyothirmayi is an Indian actress, model and television personality, who has primarily worked in Malayalam cinema.	Jyothirmayi	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Rabi Ghosh (Bengali: রবি ঘোষ) (24 November 1931 -- 4 February 1997) was an Indian actor who worked in Bengali cinema.	Rabi Ghosh	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Rastko Petrović (Belgrade, 3 March 1898 -- Washington, D.C., 15 August 1949) was a Serbian poet, writer, diplomat, literary and art critic.	Rastko Petrović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Chairil Anwar (26 July 1922 -- 28 April 1949) was an Indonesian poet and member of the ``1945 generation'' of writers.	Chairil Anwar	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Hazari Prasad Dwivedi (August 19, 1907 -- May 19, 1979) was a Hindi novelist, literary historian, essayist, critic and scholar.	Hazari Prasad Dwivedi	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Johannes Heinrich Schultz (June 20, 1884 -- September 19, 1970) was a German psychiatrist and an independent psychotherapist.	Johannes Heinrich Schultz	German
languages spoken or written	Gaius Valgius Rufus, Latin poet, friend of Horace and Maecenas, and consul in 12 BC. He was known as a writer of elegies and epigrams, and his contemporaries believed him capable of great things in epic.	Valgius Rufus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Thomas Tidholm (born in Örebro on 11 April 1943) is a Swedish children's writer, poet, playwright, photographer, translator, and musician.	Thomas Tidholm	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Joseph Rawson Lumby (1831--1895) was an English cleric, academic and author and divine, Norrisian Professor of Divinity from 1879 and then Lady Margaret's Professor of Divinity from 1892.	Joseph Rawson Lumby	English
languages spoken or written	Júlio Dantas, GCC (1876 in Lagos -- 1962 in Lisboa) was a Portuguese doctor, poet, journalist, politician, diplomat and dramatist.	Júlio Dantas	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Stacy Doris (May 21, 1962 -- January 31, 2012) was a poet who wrote in English and French.	Stacy Doris	English
languages spoken or written	Hannes Wader (born Hans Eckard Wader on 23 June 1942) is a German singer-songwriter (``Liedermacher'').	Hannes Wader	German
languages spoken or written	Anna Ancher (18 August 1859 -- 15 April 1935) was a Danish artist associated with the Skagen Painters, an artists' colony on the northern point of Jutland, Denmark.	Anna Ancher	Danish
languages spoken or written	Aron Cotruș (2 January 1891 - 1 November 1961) was a Romanian poet and diplomat who was a supporter of the fascist Iron Guard.	Aron Cotruș	Romanian
languages spoken or written	John Creemer Clarke (1821 -- 11 February 1895) was an English merchant and manufacturer and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885.	John Creemer Clarke	English
languages spoken or written	Niklas Luhmann (December 8, 1927 -- November 6, 1998) was a German sociologist, and a prominent thinker in systems theory, who is increasingly recognized as one of the most important social theorists of the 20th century.	Niklas Luhmann	German
languages spoken or written	Nida Jay (born September 2, 1985) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in the English language.	Nida Jay	English
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Kocka (born 19 April 1941, in Haindorf) is a German historian.	Jürgen Kocka	German
languages spoken or written	Adam Asnyk (11 September 1838 -- 2 August 1897), was a Polish poet and dramatist of the Positivist era.	Adam Asnyk	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jeong Cheol (정철, 1536--1593) was a Korean statesman and poet.	Jeong Cheol	Korean
languages spoken or written	Moritz Lazarus (15 September 1824 -- 13 April 1903), born at Filehne, in the Prussian province of Posen, was a German philosopher, psychologist, and a vocal opponent of the antisemitism of his time.	Moritz Lazarus	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Louis-Marc Alibert (May 2, 1768 -- November 4, 1837) was a French dermatologist born in Villefranche-de-Rouergue, Aveyron.	Jean-Louis-Marc Alibert	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Gerhard Gräf (1864--1942) was a German Goethe specialist.	Hans Gerhard Gräf	German
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Siegmund Teuffel (German: (ˈtɔɪfəl); September 27, 1820 -- March 8, 1878), German classical scholar, was born at Ludwigsburg in the Kingdom of Württemberg.	Wilhelm Siegmund Teuffel	German
languages spoken or written	Samuel Thomas von Sömmerring (28 January 1755 -- 2 March 1830) was a German physician, anatomist, anthropologist, paleontologist and inventor.	Samuel Thomas von Sömmerring	German
languages spoken or written	Joseph Jules Dejerine (3 August 1849 -- 26 February 1917), was a French neurologist.	Joseph Jules Dejerine	French
languages spoken or written	Albrycht Stanisław Radziwiłł (July 1, 1595 -- November 12, 1656) was a Polish nobleman, a Reichfürst and a politician from Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, who served as the Lesser Lithuanian Chancellor from 1619, the Grand Chancellor of Lithuania and Governor of Vilnius from 1623.	Albrycht Stanisław Radziwiłł	Polish
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Cantoni (31 December 1818 -- 15 July 1897) was an Italian physicist and political figure.	Giovanni Cantoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	María Carmen Amoraga Toledo (born 1969) is a Spanish writer.	Carmen Amoraga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ettore Pozzoli (July 23, 1873 -- November 9, 1957) was an Italian classical pianist and composer.	Ettore Pozzoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hermann Rolfus (b. at Freiburg, 24 May 1821; d. at Bühl, near Offenburg, 27 October 1896) was a German Roman Catholic priest and educator.	Hermann Rolfus	German
languages spoken or written	Szymon Szymonowic (in Latin, Simon Simonides; in Armenian, Շիմոն Շիմոնովիչ; also, in Polish, ``Szymonowicz'' and ``Bendoński''; born Lwów, 24 October 1558 -- died 5 May 1629, Czarnięcin, near Zamość) was a Polish Renaissance poet.	Szymon Szymonowic	Latin	Polish
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Joseph Wetzer (Anzefahr, Hesse-Kassel (or Hesse-Cassel), 19 March 1801 -- Freiburg, Baden, 5 November 1853) was a German Orientalist.	Heinrich Joseph Wetzer	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Antoine Charles Bresse (9 October 1822, Vienne, Isère -- 22 May 1883) was a French civil engineer who specialized in the design and use of hydraulic motors.	Jacques Antoine Charles Bresse	French
languages spoken or written	Ritwik Ghatak (Bengali: ঋত্বিক কুমার ঘটক, Ritbik Kumar Ghôţôk, listen ; 4 November 1925 -- 6 February 1976) was a Bengali filmmaker and script writer.	Ritwik Ghatak	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Louis-Joseph-Raphaël Collin (17 June 1850 -- 21 October 1916) was a French painter born and raised in Paris, where he became a prominent academic painter and a teacher.	Raphaël Collin	French
languages spoken or written	Paweł Kubisz (12 May 1907 -- 19 August 1968) was a Polish poet, writer, journalist, and activist, one of the most important poets from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Paweł Kubisz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Bevis Hillier (born 28 March 1940) is an English art historian, author and journalist.	Bevis Hillier	English
languages spoken or written	Alberto Piazza (born 1941) is an Italian human geneticist, Professor of Human Genetics at the University of Turin.	Alberto Piazza	Italian
languages spoken or written	Atle Selberg (14 June 1917 -- 6 August 2007) was a Norwegian mathematician known for his work in analytic number theory, and in the theory of automorphic forms, in particular bringing them into relation with spectral theory.	Atle Selberg	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Count Luigi Ferdinando Marsili or Marsigli (Lat. Marsilius, 10 July 1658 -- 1 November 1730), was an Italian-born scholar and eminent natural scientist, who also served as an emissary and soldier.	Luigi Ferdinando Marsili	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fahadh Faasil is an Indian film actor known for his work in Malayalam cinema.	Fahadh Faasil	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Martín de Mayorga Ferrer (September 12, 1721 in Barcelona, Spain -- 1783 in Spain) was a Spanish military officer, governor of the Captaincy General of Guatemala (from June 1773 to 1779), and interim viceroy of New Spain (from August 23, 1779 to April 28, 1783).	Martín de Mayorga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jules Simon Troubat (1836--1914) was a French littérateur, born at Montpellier.	Jules Simon Troubat	French
languages spoken or written	Oduvil Unnikrishnan (13 February 1944 -- 27 May 2006) was an award-winning Indian film actor known for his versatile acting skills, shown in his portrayal of classical ancient aristocratic personalities in Malayalam cinema with his unique provincial linguistic style, expressions and dialect.	Oduvil Unnikrishnan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Otokar Fischer (20 May 1883 -- 12 March 1938) was a Czech translator, playwright, poet and critic.	Otokar Fischer	Czech
languages spoken or written	Shammu (Tamil:ஷம்மு; born Sheerin Ramalingam on 14 June 1992) is an Indian actress who appears in Tamil films.	Shammu	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Hans Heinz Stuckenschmidt (1 November 1901 -- 15 August 1988) was a German composer, musicologist, and historian and critic of music.	Hans Heinz Stuckenschmidt	German
languages spoken or written	John Italus or Italos (Greek: Ἰωάννης ὁ Ἰταλός, Iōannēs o Italós; Latin: Johannes Italus) was a Neoplatonic Byzantine philosopher of the eleventh century.	John Italus	Greek
languages spoken or written	Yves Allégret (French: (aleɡʁɛ); 13 October 1905 -- 31 January 1987) was a French film director, often working in the film noir genre.	Yves Allégret	French
languages spoken or written	Marcin Baran (born 1963 in Kraków) is a Polish poet and journalist.	Marcin Baran	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sait Faik Abasıyanık (18 November 1906 -- 11 May 1954) was one of the greatest Turkish writers of short stories and poetry and considered an important literary figure of the 1940s.	Sait Faik Abasıyanık	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Gregorio Morales (7 July 1952 -- 22 June 2015), was a Spanish novelist.	Gregorio Morales	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albertanus of Brescia (Italian: Albertano da Brescia, ca. 1195 -- ca. 1251), author of Latin social treatises and sermons.	Albertanus of Brescia	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marc Lofficier (born June 22, 1954) is a French author of books about films and television programs, as well as numerous comics and translations of a number of animation screenplays.	Jean-Marc Lofficier	French
languages spoken or written	Sergio Sollima (April 17, 1921 -- July 1, 2015) was an Italian film director and script writer.	Sergio Sollima	Italian
languages spoken or written	Catherine David (born 1954) is a French art historian, curator and museum director.	Catherine David	French
languages spoken or written	Robert-François Damiens (French pronunciation: ​(ʁɔbɛʁ fʁɑ̃swa damjɛ̃); 9 January 1715 -- 28 March 1757) was a French domestic servant whose attempted assassination of King Louis XV of France in 1757 culminated in his notorious and controversial public execution.	Robert-François Damiens	French
languages spoken or written	Arthur Robison (June 25, 1883 -- October 20, 1935) was a German film director and screenwriter of the silent era.	Arthur Robison	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Bontes (Dutch pronunciation: (luˈi ˈbɔntəs); born 28 February 1956) is a Dutch politician and former police officer.	Louis Bontes	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Domenico da Cortona called ``Boccador'' (ca 1465 -- ca 1549) was an Italian architect, a pupil of Giuliano da Sangallo.	Domenico da Cortona	Italian
languages spoken or written	A Trotskyist in his teenage years, François Duprat moved to the far right and became a member of the Jeune Nation wing of the French nationalist students' federation (Fédération des étudiants nationalistes FEN).	François Duprat	French
languages spoken or written	Anastas Al-Karmali (Arabic: أنستاس الكرملي‎), literally Anastas the Carmelite aka Père Anastase-Marie de Saint-Élie (b. 5 Aug 1866-d. 1947 Jan 7) was a Lebanese Christian priest, most famed for his contributions to the field of Arabic linguistics.	Anastas Al-Karmali	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Alix d'Unienville, MBE, LdeH, CdeG (8 May 1918 -- 10 November 2015) was a member of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) during World War II and worked as a courier for the French Section.	Alix d'Unienville	French
languages spoken or written	Youssef Chahine (Arabic: يوسف شاهين‎; 25 January 1926 -- 27 July 2008) was an Egyptian film director, active in the Egyptian film industry from 1950 until his death.	Youssef Chahine	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Gitte Seeberg (born on 25 June 1960 in Copenhagen) is a Danish politician, lawyer, and current secretary general of the Danish branch of the WWF.	Gitte Seeberg	Danish
languages spoken or written	Magens Dorrien Magens (ca. 1768 -- 30 May 1849) of Hammerwood Lodge, Sussex, was an English banker, Member of Parliament and author.	Magens Dorrien Magens	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Blanco Freijeiro (September 6, 1923 - January 6, 1991) was a Spanish archaeologist and historian.	Antonio Blanco Freijeiro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Gotthard Kosegarten (1 February 1758 -- 26 October 1818), also known as Ludwig Theobul or Ludwig Theoboul, was a German poet and Lutheran preacher.	Ludwig Gotthard Kosegarten	German
languages spoken or written	Ross Donnelly Mangles (1801 -- 1877) was an English politician, Member of Parliament for Guildford between 1841 and 1857.	Ross Donnelly Mangles	English
languages spoken or written	General Jean Joseph Amable Humbert (22 August 1767 -- 3 January 1823) was a French soldier, a participant in the French Revolution, who led a failed invasion of Ireland to assist Irish rebels in 1798.	Jean Joseph Amable Humbert	French
languages spoken or written	Louise von Gall (19 September 1815, Darmstadt -- 16 March 1855, Augsburg) was a nineteenth-century German novelist and social critic.	Louise von Gall	German
languages spoken or written	Bolesław Wallek-Walewski (born 23 January 1885 in Lviv, died 9 April 1944 in Kraków) was a Polish composer and conductor, lecturer and Director of the Conservatory of Music in Kraków.	Bolesław Wallek-Walewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Josep Abril i Virgili (1869-1918) was a self-taught Catalan poet and playwright.	Josep Abril i Virgili	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Jean Benner (28 March 1836, Mulhouse -- 28 October 1906, Paris) was a French artist, and twin to fellow artist, Emmanuel Benner.	Jean Benner	French
languages spoken or written	Célestin Port (23 May 1828 -- 4 March 1901) was a French archivist and historian.	Célestin Port	French
languages spoken or written	Augusto Fantozzi (born 24 June 1940) is an Italian lawyer, tax expert, academic, businessman and politician who served as economy and finance minister and then, foreign trade minister.	Augusto Fantozzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Verney Lovett Cameron (1 July 1844 -- 24 March 1894) was an English traveller in Central Africa and the first European to cross (1875) equatorial Africa from sea to sea.	Verney Lovett Cameron	English
languages spoken or written	María Goyri de Menéndez Pidal (1873--1955) was a Spanish Hispanist, literary critic, researcher, educator and advocate for women's rights.	María Goyri de Menéndez Pidal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Caryl Brahms, born Doris Caroline Abrahams (8 December 1901 -- 5 December 1982), was an English critic, novelist, and journalist specialising in the theatre and ballet.	Caryl Brahms	English
languages spoken or written	David Flusser (Hebrew: דוד פלוסר) (born 1917; died 2000) was a professor of Early Christianity and Judaism of the Second Temple Period at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	David Flusser	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Marie-Félicité Brosset (January 24, 1802 -- September 22, 1880) was a French orientalist who specialized in Georgian and Armenian studies.	Marie-Félicité Brosset	French
languages spoken or written	Pere d'Abella was a 15th-century Catalan poet.	Pere d'Abella	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Yaakov Shabtai (1934--81) (Hebrew: יעקב שבתאי‎) was an Israeli novelist, playwright, and translator.	Yaakov Shabtai	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Kåre Fasting (1907 -- 1983) was a Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor, novelist, biographer and non-fiction writer.	Kåre Fasting	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Manuel Altolaguirre (29 June 1905 -- 26 July 1959) was a Spanish poet, an editor, publisher, and printer of poetry, and a member of the Generation of '27.	Manuel Altolaguirre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abdeljelil Temimi, also transliterated as Abdoljalil Tamimi (Arabic: عبد الجليل التميمي‎; born July 21, 1938), is a Tunisian historian.	Abdeljelil Temimi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Benvenuto Cellini (Italian pronunciation: (bemveˈnuːto tʃelˈliːni); 3 November 1500 -- 13 February 1571) was an Italian goldsmith, sculptor, draftsman, soldier, musician, and artist who also wrote a famous autobiography and poetry.	Benvenuto Cellini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Josep Soler i Sardà (born 25 March 1935 in Vilafranca del Penedès) is a Spanish composer, writer and music theorist, one of the main Catalan members of the Generación del 51.	Josep Soler i Sardà	Spanish
languages spoken or written	The last, and perhaps most popular, version of the legend of Macías appeared in the mid-16th century in the Historia de la nobleza del Andalucía by Gonzalo Argote de Molina (in Spanish).	Macías	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Per Erik Rundquist (1912 -- 1986) was a Swedish novelist and poet.	Per Erik Rundquist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Lucien Musset (August 26, 1922 -- December 15, 2004) was a French historian, specializing in the Duchy of Normandy and the history of the Vikings.	Lucien Musset	French
languages spoken or written	Álvaro Barreirinhas Cunhal, who used the name Álvaro Cunhal (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈaɫvɐɾu kuˈɲaɫ); 10 November 1913 -- 13 June 2005), was a Portuguese communist revolutionary and politician.	Álvaro Cunhal	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Licia Ronzulli (born: Milan, Italy 14 September 1975) is an Italian MEP representing the New Forza Italia party.	Licia Ronzulli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gotthilf Heinrich von Schubert (26 April 1780, in Hohenstein-Ernstthal -- 30 June 1860, in Laufzorn, a village in Oberhaching) was a German physician and naturalist.	Gotthilf Heinrich von Schubert	German
languages spoken or written	Sir William Lowther, 3rd Baronet (1727 -- 15 April 1756) was an English landowner, of Marske Hall, Yorkshire and Holker Hall.	Sir William Lowther, 3rd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Johann Heinrich Tischbein the Elder, called the Kasseler, (3 October 1722 -- 22 August 1789) was one of the most respected European painters in the 18th century and an important member of the Tischbein dynasty of German painters, which spanned four generations.	Johann Heinrich Tischbein	German
languages spoken or written	José Félix Tapia Ruiz (born Madrid, 1910 - Madrid, 1969) was a Spanish writer and journalist.	José Félix Tapia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Dukan is a French medical doctor and nutritionist, and the creator of the famous Dukan Diet.	Pierre Dukan	French
languages spoken or written	Kalpana Kartik (born Mona Singha) is a former Hindi film actress.	Kalpana Kartik	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Philippe Ardant (July 21, 1929 -- June 6, 2007) was a French jurist, former president of the Constitutional Court of the principality of Andorra, former president of the Arab World Institute and former president of Panthéon-Assas University.	Philippe Ardant	French
languages spoken or written	Caroline Rudolphi (also Karoline; 1753--1811) was a German educationist and poet.	Caroline Rudolphi	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Joseph Candeille (8 December 1744--24 April 1827) was a French composer and singer, born in Estaires.	Pierre-Joseph Candeille	French
languages spoken or written	Julien Vinson (21 January 1843 -- 21 November 1926) was a French linguist who specialized in the languages of India, mainly Tamil, and also in the Basque language.	Julien Vinson	French
languages spoken or written	Bernard Cribbins, OBE (born 29 December 1928) is an English character actor, voice-over artist and musical comedian with a career spanning over seventy years.	Bernard Cribbins	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Anthony Hope Hawkins, better known as Anthony Hope (9 February 1863 -- 8 July 1933), was an English novelist and playwright.	Anthony Hope	English
languages spoken or written	Louis Lazare Hoche (24 June 1768 -- 19 September 1797) was a French soldier who rose to be general of the Revolutionary army.	Lazare Hoche	French
languages spoken or written	Shin Kanemaru (金丸 信 Kanemaru Shin), 17 September 1914 - 28 March 1996) was a Japanese politician who was a significant figure in the political arena of Japan from the 1970s to the early 1990s.	Shin Kanemaru	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Dominique Sourdel (1921, Pont-Sainte-Maxence -- 4 March 2014) was a French historian who specialized in Medieval Islam.	Dominique Sourdel	French
languages spoken or written	Elio Filippo Accrocca (17 April 1923 -- 11 March 1996) was an Italian poet, author, and translator.	Elio Filippo Accrocca	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Gottfried Stallbaum (September 25, 1793 - January 24, 1861), German classical scholar, was born at Zaasch, near Delitzsch in Saxony.	Johann Gottfried Stallbaum	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Boudan (16??--17??) was an artist who worked for François Roger de Gaignières, a French genealogist, antiquary and collector who was active in the late 17th and early 18th centuries.	Louis Boudan	French
languages spoken or written	Victor of Tunnuna (in Latin Victor Tunnunensis) (died circa 570) was Bishop of the North African town of Tunnuna, a chronicler from Late Antiquity, and considered a martyr by Isidore of Seville.	Victor of Tunnuna	Latin
languages spoken or written	Milan Knížák (Czech: (ˈmɪlan ˈkɲiːʒaːk); born 19 April 1940) is a Czech performance artist, sculptor, musician, installation artist, dissident, graphic artist, art theorist and pedagogue of art.	Milan Knížák	Czech
languages spoken or written	Lucien Denis Gabriel Albéric Magnard (French pronunciation: ​(lysjɑ̃ dəni ɡabʁijɛl albeʁik maɲaːʁ); 9 June 1865 -- 3 September 1914) was a French composer, sometimes referred to as the ``French Bruckner'', though there are significant differences between the two composers.	Albéric Magnard	French
languages spoken or written	Lance Comfort (11 August 1908 -- 25 August 1966) was an English film director and producer born in Harrow, London.	Lance Comfort	English
languages spoken or written	He was known artistically as Salvador Videgain, was a theatrical entrepreneur, author, actor, theater director, Spanish.	Salvador Videgain	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Taneli Kuusisto (19 June 1905 -- 30 March 1988) was a Finnish composer, music critic, teacher and choir leader.	Taneli Kuusisto	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Rapin (1535 -- 16 February 1608) was a French Renaissance magistrate, royal officer, translator, poet and satirist, known for being one of the authors of the Satire Ménippée (1593/4) and an outspoken critic of the excesses of the Holy League during the Wars of Religion.	Nicolas Rapin	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Otto Modersohn (22 February 1865, Soest - 10 March 1943, Rotenburg) was a German landscape painter.	Otto Modersohn	German
languages spoken or written	Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda y Arteaga (March 23, 1814 -- February 1, 1873) was a 19th-century Cuban-born Spanish writer.	Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stefanie Zweig (19 September 1932 -- 25 April 2014) was a German Jewish writer and journalist.	Stefanie Zweig	German
languages spoken or written	Henri Rabaud (10 November 1873 -- 11 September 1949) was a French conductor and composer, who held important posts in the French musical establishment and upheld mainly conservative trends in French music in the first half of the twentieth century.	Henri Rabaud	French
languages spoken or written	Michael Weiße or Weisse (c. 1488 -- 19 March 1534) was a German theologian and hymn writer.	Michael Weiße	German
languages spoken or written	Claude de Mesmes, comte d'Avaux (1595--1650) was a 17th-century French diplomat and public administrator, one of France's leading diplomats in the first half of the century.	Claude de Mesmes, comte d'Avaux	French
languages spoken or written	Ismat Chughtai (Urdu: عصمت چغتائی‎) (August 1915 -- 24 October 1991)1 was an eminent Indian writer in Urdu, known for her indomitable spirit and a fierce feminist ideology.	Ismat Chughtai	Urdu
languages spoken or written	Flavio Medina (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈflaβjo meˈðina); born; April 19, 1978) is a Mexican actor.	Flavio Medina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Nicolle (1 March 1862 -- 20 August 1932) was a French physician and microbiologist born in Rouen.	Maurice Nicolle	French
languages spoken or written	Fyodor Sologub (Russian: Фёдор Сологу́б, born Fyodor Kuzmich Teternikov, Russian: Фёдор Кузьми́ч Тете́рников, also known as Theodor Sologub; March 1 (O.S. February 17) 1863 -- December 5, 1927) was a Russian Symbolist poet, novelist, playwright and essayist.	Fyodor Sologub	Russian
languages spoken or written	Stefano Guazzo (1530--1593) was an Italian writer from Casale Monferrato.	Stefano Guazzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Abdul Samad Ismail (18 April 1924 -- 4 September 2008), who often went by the moniker Pak Samad, was a Malaysian journalist, writer and editor.	Abdul Samad Ismail	Malaysian
languages spoken or written	Frode Grytten (born 11 December 1960 in Bergen, but grew up in Odda) is a Norwegian writer and journalist.	Frode Grytten	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Lelio Lagorio (born 9 November 1925) is an Italian politician who served as the first President of Tuscany from 1970 until 1978.	Lelio Lagorio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Margarita Nelken (1894--1968) was a Spanish feminist and writer.	Margarita Nelken	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nadje Sadig Al-Ali (Arabic: نادية صادق العلي‎) is the author of Iraqi Women:	Nadje Sadig Al-Ali	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Patrick Blanc (born June 3, 1953, Paris) is a French botanist, working at the French National Centre for Scientific Research, where he specializes in plants from tropical forests.	Patrick Blanc	French
languages spoken or written	Randeep Hooda (pronounced (rɳd̪iːp huːɖaː); born 20 August 1976) is an Indian film actor who appears in Hindi-language films.	Randeep Hooda	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Filippo Buonaccorsi, called ``Callimachus'' (Latin: Philippus Callimachus Experiens, Bonacursius; Polish: Filip Kallimach; 2 May 1437 -- 1 November 1496) was an Italian humanist and writer.	Filippo Buonaccorsi	Latin
languages spoken or written	Ciro Procuna is a Latin sports announcer for ESPN Deportes (ESPN in Spanish in the United States).	Ciro Procuna	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Óscar Pujol Muñoz (born 16 October 1983) is a Spanish professional cyclist, who currently rides for Team Ukyo.	Óscar Pujol	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jānis Poruks (13 October 1871 -- 25 July 1911), was a Latvian poet and writer could be considered as a founder of the romantic branch of Latvian literature.	Jānis Poruks	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Koldo Mitxelena Elissalt (Basque pronunciation: (koldo mitʃelena)) (also known as Luis Michelena; 1915, Errenteria, Gipuzkoa -- 11 October 1987, San Sebastián) was an eminent Basque linguist.	Koldo Mitxelena	Basque
languages spoken or written	Claire Colebrook (or Claire Mary Colebrook) (born 25 October 1965), is an Australian cultural theorist, currently appointed Edwin Erle Sparks Professor of English at Pennsylvania State University.	Claire Colebrook	English
languages spoken or written	Hudson Gurney (1775--1864) was an English antiquary and verse-writer, also known as a politician.	Hudson Gurney	English
languages spoken or written	Lamberto Puggelli (1938 -- 11 August 2013) was an Italian stage and opera director.	Lamberto Puggelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tristram Stuart (born 1977 in London) is an English author and campaigner.	Tristram Stuart	English
languages spoken or written	Carlos Sainz Cenamor (born 12 April 1962 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish former rally driver.	Carlos Sainz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Axel Reymond (born 13 February 1994 at Paris in France) is a French Marathon swimmer in open water swimming events (5 km (3.1 mi), 10 km (6.2 mi) et 25 km (16 mi)).	Axel Reymond	French
languages spoken or written	Kavya Madhavan is an Indian film actor who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema.	Kavya Madhavan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	The Venerable Jean-Claude Colin, S.M. was a French priest (7 August 1790 - 15 November 1875) who became the founder of the Society of Mary (Marists).	Jean-Claude Colin	French
languages spoken or written	Ferdinando Sanfelice (1675 -- 1 April 1748) was an Italian late Baroque architect and painter.	Ferdinando Sanfelice	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marshal of Italy Armando Diaz, 1st Duke of the Victory, OSSA, OSML, OMS, OCI (5 December 1861 -- 28 February 1928) was an Italian General and a Marshal of Italy.	Armando Diaz	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giovenale Vegezzi Ruscalla (4 December 1799, Turin, Italy - December 1885, Turin), was a liberal Italian journalist, foreign honorary member of the Romanian Academy, and secretary to the Subalpine Agrarian Association.	Giovenale Vegezzi Ruscalla	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kakarla Tyagabrahmam (4 May 1767 -- 6 January 1847) or Saint Tyagaraja, also known as Tyāgayya in Telugu or Tyāgarājar in Tamil, was one of the greatest composers of Carnatic music or Indian classical music.	Tyagaraja	Telugu	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Estíbaliz Urrutia González (born 22 February 1970 in Bilbao) is a retired Spanish long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.	Estíbaliz Urrutia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Augustin de Saint-Aubin sometimes styled Auguste de Saint-Aubin (3 January 1736 - 9 November 1807), belongs to an important dynasty of French designers and engravers.	Augustin de Saint-Aubin	French
languages spoken or written	Billy Wilder (/ˈwaɪldər/; German: (ˈvɪldɐ); June 22, 1906 -- March 27, 2002) was an Austrian-born American filmmaker, screenwriter, producer, artist and journalist, whose career spanned more than fifty years and sixty films.	Billy Wilder	German
languages spoken or written	Professor Andreas Gestrich (born 3 July 1952) is a German historian who has been director of the German Historical Institute London since September 2006.	Andreas Gestrich	German
languages spoken or written	Carlo Ridolfi (1594--1658) was an Italian art biographer and painter of the Baroque period.	Carlo Ridolfi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Guido Basile (16 July 1893, Messina - 1 December 1984) was an Italian politician.	Guido Basile	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Rawson Shaw (1 May 1860 -- 14 April 1932) was an English Liberal politician who represented Halifax.	William Rawson Shaw	English
languages spoken or written	Ilya Glazunov (Russian: Илья Глазунов), contemporary Russian artist from Saint Petersburg, born June 10, in 1930.	Ilya Glazunov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Bruno Giordano Sanzin (Trieste, 14 February 1906 -- 12 January 1994) was an Italian poet.	Bruno Giordano Sanzin	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gisela May is a German actress and singer born May 31, 1924, in Wetzlar, Rhine Province.	Gisela May	German
languages spoken or written	Ion Minulescu (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon minuˈlesku); 6 January 1881 -- 11 April 1944) was a Romanian avant-garde poet, novelist, short story writer, journalist, literary critic, and playwright.	Ion Minulescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	James Brindley (1716 -- 27 September 1772) was an English engineer.	James Brindley	English
languages spoken or written	Karidja Touré (born 14 February 1994) is a French actress best known for starring in the film Girlhood.	Karidja Touré	French
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Giulio Zumbo (1656--1701) was an Italian sculptor in wax or wax modeller of the Baroque era.	Gaetano Giulio Zumbo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Filippo Giuseppe Maria Ludovico Buonarroti, more usually referred to under the French version Philippe Buonarroti (11 November 1761 -- 16 September 1837), was an Italian utopian socialist, writer, agitator, freemason, and conspirator; he was active in Corsica, France, and Geneva.	Philippe Buonarroti	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi Dallapiccola (February 3, 1904 -- February 19, 1975) was an Italian composer known for his lyrical twelve-tone compositions.	Luigi Dallapiccola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gábor Döbrentei (December 1, 1786 -- March 28, 1851) was a Hungarian philologist and antiquary.	Gábor Döbrentei	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Ventseslav Konstantinov (Bulgarian: Венцеслав Константинов) (born September 14, 1940 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian writer, aphorist and translator of German and English literature.	Ventseslav Konstantinov	Bulgarian	German	English
languages spoken or written	Ogier Ghiselin de Busbecq (1522 in Comines -- 28 October 1592; Latin: Augerius Gislenius Busbequius; sometimes Augier Ghislain de Busbecq) was a 16th-century Flemish writer, herbalist and diplomat in the employ of three generations of Austrian monarchs.	Ogier Ghiselin de Busbecq	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jan Zachwatowicz (March 4, 1900 -- August 18, 1983) was a Polish architect, architectural historian, and restorer.	Jan Zachwatowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Narcis Bosch is a Spanish pornographic film director.	Narcis Bosch	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Basilius von Ramdohr (21 July 1757 -- 26 July 1822) was a German conservative lawyer, art critic and journalist based in Dresden.	Basilius von Ramdohr	German
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Trọng Trí, penname Hàn Mặc Tử (September 22, 1912 - November 11, 1940) was a Vietnamese poet.	Hàn Mặc Tử	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Elsa Martinelli (born Elisa Tia; 30 January 1935) is an Italian actress and former fashion model.	Elsa Martinelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jeanne Agnès Berthelot de Pléneuf, marquise de Prie (1698 -- 7 October 1727), was a French noblewoman who for a brief period exercised extraordinary control of the French court during the reign of Louis XV.	Jeanne Agnès Berthelot de Pléneuf, marquise de Prie	French
languages spoken or written	Raphaël Alibert (17 February 1887, Saint-Laurent, Lot -- 5 June 1963, Paris) was a French politician.	Raphaël Alibert	French
languages spoken or written	Tova Ilan (Hebrew: טובה אילן‎, born 1 June 1929) is an Israeli educator and former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Meimad between January and April 2006.	Tova Ilan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Jean de Coras, also called Corasius (1515--1572) was a French jurist.	Jean de Coras	French
languages spoken or written	Giacomo Torelli (1 September 1608 -- 17 June 1678) was an Italian stage designer, engineer, and architect.	Giacomo Torelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pavel Eisner (16 January 1889 -- 8 July 1958), also known as Paul Eisner and under the pseudonym Vincy Schwarze, was Czech-German linguist and translator and the author of many studies about Czech language.	Pavel Eisner	Czech
languages spoken or written	Curt Wittlin (born 1941, Reinach, Baselland) is a Swiss philologist and an expert of medieval Catalan language and literature.	Curt Wittlin	Catalan
languages spoken or written	William John Swainson FLS, FRS (8 October 1789 -- 6 December 1855), was an English ornithologist, malacologist, conchologist, entomologist and artist.	William John Swainson	English
languages spoken or written	Narciso Pascual Colomer, also known as Narciso Pacual y Colomer, (1808 in Valencia -- 1870 in Madrid) was a Spanish architect.	Narciso Pascual Colomer	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Violette Lecoq (1912 -- 2003) was a French nurse, illustrator, and a resistance member during World War II. She is known for her drawings from the Ravensbrück concentration camp, which were also used as evidence at the first Ravensbrück Trials in 1946.	Violette Lecoq	French
languages spoken or written	Jan Erik Vold (born 18 October 1939, Oslo) is a Norwegian lyric poet, Jazz vocal reciter, translator and author.	Jan Erik Vold	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Charles-Emmanuel Sédillot (18 September 1804 -- 29 January 1883) was a French military physician and surgeon.	Charles-Emmanuel Sédillot	French
languages spoken or written	Melchior Acontius (1515, Oberursel (Taunus) - 22 June 1569) was a German poet at the beginning of the 16th century.	Melchior Acontius	German
languages spoken or written	Ernst Wiechert (18 May 1887 -- 24 August 1950) was a German teacher, poet and writer.	Ernst Wiechert	German
languages spoken or written	Pooja Bhatt (Hindi: पूजा भट्ट; born 24 February 1972) is an Indian film actress, voice actress, model and film maker.	Pooja Bhatt	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Leila Abouzeid (Arabic: ليلة أبو زيد‎) (born 1950, El Ksiba) is a Moroccan author.	Leila Abouzeid	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Fabrizio Barca (born 8 March 1954) is an Italian senior civil servant and politician, who served as a state minister without portfolio for territorial cohesion in the Monti cabinet from 2011 to 2013.	Fabrizio Barca	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Lehn (born September 30, 1939) is a French chemist.	Jean-Marie Lehn	French
languages spoken or written	Grzegorz Fitelberg (18 October 1879 -- 10 June 1953) was a Polish conductor, violinist and composer.	Grzegorz Fitelberg	Polish
languages spoken or written	Alfred-Armand-Louis-Marie Velpeau (18 May 1795 -- 24 August 1867) was a French anatomist and surgeon.	Alfred-Armand-Louis-Marie Velpeau	French
languages spoken or written	Arthur Qwak (born as François Hemen, December 25, 1961) is a French animator and comic-book writer.	Arthur Qwak	French
languages spoken or written	Bikash Roy was an actor in Bengali cinema.	Bikash Roy	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Roselyne Sibille is a French poet who was born in 1953 in France.	Roselyne Sibille	French
languages spoken or written	Józef Wieniawski (23 May 1837 -- 11 November 1912) was a Polish pianist, composer, conductor and teacher.	Józef Wieniawski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sargon Boulus (Syriac: ܣܪܓܢ ܦܘܠܘܨ, Arabic: سركون بولص‎, 1944 -- October 22, 2007) was an Iraqi-Assyrian poet and short story writer.	Sargon Boulus	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Susanna Moodie (born Strickland; 6 December 1803 -- 8 April 1885) was an English-born Canadian author who wrote about her experiences as a settler in Canada, which was a British colony at the time.	Susanna Moodie	English
languages spoken or written	Pradeep Kumar (Bengali) (born Pradeep Batabyal; 4 January 1925 -- 27 October 2001) was an Indian actor in Bengali and Hindi films.	Pradeep Kumar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Charles Savile Roundell (19 July 1827 -- 3 March 1906) was an English cricketer, lawyer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1880 and 1895.	Charles Savile Roundell	English
languages spoken or written	Victor Massé (born Félix-Marie Massé; 7 March 1822 -- 5 July 1884) was a French composer.	Victor Massé	French
languages spoken or written	José Suárez Carreño (1915--2002) was a Spanish writer associated with the Generation of '36 movement.	José Suárez Carreño	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Elihu Thomson (March 29, 1853 -- March 13, 1937) was an English-born American engineer and inventor who was instrumental in the founding of major electrical companies in the United States, the United Kingdom and France.	Elihu Thomson	English
languages spoken or written	Claude Érignac (15 October 1937 -- 6 February 1998) was a French prefect on the island of Corsica.	Claude Érignac	French
languages spoken or written	Eugène Lefèvre-Pontalis (12 February 1862 -- 31 October 1923) was a French medievalist and archeologist.	Eugène Lefèvre-Pontalis	French
languages spoken or written	Vlado Milošević (Serbian: Владо Милошевић; 1901--1990) was a Serbian composer and ethnomusicologist from Banja Luka, Bosnia-Herzegovina.	Vlado Milošević	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Miles Joseph Berkeley (1 April 1803 -- 30 July 1889) was an English cryptogamist and clergyman, and one of the founders of the science of plant pathology.	Miles Joseph Berkeley	English
languages spoken or written	Stefan Żeromski ( (ˈstɛfan ʐɛˈrɔmski); 14 October 1864 -- 20 November 1925) was a Polish novelist and dramatist.	Stefan Żeromski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Birte Weiss (born 1 May 1941) is a Danish journalist and social democrat politician, who served in various capacities in the government of Denmark.	Birte Weiss	Danish
languages spoken or written	Jean de Schelandre (c.1585 -- 18 October 1635), Seigneur de Saumazènes, was a French poet.	Jean de Schelandre	French
languages spoken or written	Sebastián Hurtado de Corcuera (b. Lantarón, Spain, d. August 12, 1660, Tenerife, Canary Islands) was a Spanish soldier and colonial official.	Sebastián Hurtado de Corcuera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Erika Mitchell (born 7 March 1963), known by her pen name E. L. James, is an English author.	E. L. James	English
languages spoken or written	Dora Schaul (born Dora Davidsohn, 21 September 1913 -- 8 August 1999) was a German activist whose Jewish provenance made it necessary for her to emigrate after 1933.	Dora Davidsohn	German
languages spoken or written	Berthold Konrad Hermann Albert Speer (German: (ˈʃpeːɐ̯); March 19, 1905 -- September 1, 1981) was a German architect who was, for a part of World War II, Minister of Armaments and War Production for Nazi Germany.	Albert Speer	German
languages spoken or written	Rosemary Verey, OBE, VMH (21 December 1918 in Chatham, Kent -- 31 May 2001 in Cheltenham) was an internationally known English garden designer, lecturer and prolific garden writer who designed the famous garden at Barnsley House, near Cirencester.	Rosemary Verey	English
languages spoken or written	Jomol (Gowri) is a popular film actress in Malayalam cinema.	Jomol	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Aditya Roy Kapur (pronounced (ədiːtyəˈ royˈ kəˈpuːr); born 16 November 1985) is an Indian film actor who works in Hindi films.	Aditya Roy Kapur	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Blaže Koneski (Macedonian: Блаже Конески) (December 19, 1921 -- December 7, 1993) (born in Nebregovo, near Prilep, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, now Republic of Macedonia) was one of the most distinguished Macedonian poets, writers, literary translators, and linguistic scholars.	Blaže Koneski	Macedonian
languages spoken or written	Henry Care (1646--1688) was an English political writer and journalist, or ``Whig propagandist'', whose speciality was anti-Catholicism.	Henry Care	English
languages spoken or written	Kazimierz Sakowicz (?-1944) was a Polish journalist.	Kazimierz Sakowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Fabio Vittorini (born 19 December 1971) is an Italian literary critic, currently Professor of Comparative Literature at IULM University of Milan (Italy) He is known for his studies on melodrama and on Italo Svevo.	Fabio Vittorini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Serge Baudo (born 16 July 1927, Marseille) is a French conductor, the son of the oboist Étienne Baudo.	Serge Baudo	French
languages spoken or written	Inés Marful (born June 1965, Mieres, Spain) is a Spanish writer from Asturias, known for her works on Federico García Lorca.	Inés Marful	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Sternhold (1500--1549) was an English courtier and the principal author of the first English metrical version of the Psalms, originally attached to the Prayer-Book as augmented by John Hopkins.	Thomas Sternhold	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre Gagnaire (born 9 April 1950 in Apinac, Loire, France) is a well known French chef, and is the Head Chef and owner of the eponymous Pierre Gagnaire restaurant at 6 rue Balzac in Paris (in the 8th arrondissement).	Pierre Gagnaire	French
languages spoken or written	Beatriz Hernanz is Spanish poet and critic.	Beatriz Hernanz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Raffaele Calzini (29 December 1885 -- 2 September 1953) was an Italian art critic and writer.	Raffaele Calzini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Edmond Roudnitska (1905 -- 1996) was a French master perfumer and author.	Edmond Roudnitska	French
languages spoken or written	Franz Josef Degenhardt (3 December 1931 -- 14 November 2011) was a German poet, satirist, novelist, and -- first and foremost -- a folksinger/songwriter (Liedermacher) with decidedly left-wing politics.	Franz Josef Degenhardt	German
languages spoken or written	Michelle Perrot (born 18 May 1928, Paris) is a French historian, and Professor emeritus at the Paris Diderot University.	Michelle Perrot	French
languages spoken or written	Soheib Bencheikh (born 1961, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia) is an Islamic religious leader and author and would-be French politician.	Soheib Bencheikh	French
languages spoken or written	René de Saussure (17 March 1868 -- 2 December 1943) was a Swiss Esperantist and professional mathematician (he defended in 1895 a doctoral thesis on a subject in geometry in Geneva), who composed important works about Esperanto and interlinguistics from a linguistic viewpoint.	René de Saussure	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Norbert Gastell (14 October 1929 -- 26 November 2015) was an Argentinian-born, German voice actor, who specialized in dubbing.	Norbert Gastell	German
languages spoken or written	Kornel Filipowicz (27 October 1913 -- 28 February 1990) was a Polish novelist, poet and screenwriter, most notable for his short stories.	Kornel Filipowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Gerd Schmückle (1 December 1917 -- 28 May 2013) was a German four-star general.	Gerd Schmückle	German
languages spoken or written	Quirino Principe (Gorizia, 19 November 1935) is an Italian philosopher of music, Germanist, translator, dramatist, actor.	Quirino Principe	Italian
languages spoken or written	Viktor Suvorov (Russian: Ви́ктор Суво́ров, real name Vladimir Bogdanovich Rezun, Russian: Влади́мир Богда́нович Резу́н, born April 20, 1947 in Barabash, Primorsky Krai) is a Russian writer, historian and a former Soviet military intelligence officer who defected to the United Kingdom.	Viktor Suvorov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Michal Ajvaz (born October 30, 1949 in Prague) is a Czech novelist, poet and translator, an exponent of the literary style known as magic realism.	Michal Ajvaz	Czech
languages spoken or written	Charles Le Goffic (14 July 1863 -- 12 February 1932) was a French poet, novelist and historian whose influence was especially strong in his native Brittany.	Charles Le Goffic	French
languages spoken or written	Alejandro Catalán (El Pobo de Dueñas,11 December 1968) better known as Alex Catalán, is a Spanish director of photography, who has worked in more than 20 feature films and other short films which have won several prizes.	Alex Catalán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Étienne Charles de Loménie de Brienne (9 October 1727 -- 19 February 1794) was a French churchman, politician and finance minister of Louis XVI.	Étienne Charles de Loménie de Brienne	French
languages spoken or written	Frank Le Gall (born September 23, 1959 in Rouen), is a French author of comics.	Frank Le Gall	French
languages spoken or written	André Souris (French: (suʁi); 10 July 1899 -- 12 February 1970) was a Belgian composer, conductor, musicologist, and writer associated with the surrealist movement.	André Souris	French
languages spoken or written	Alexis Rosenbaum (born 1969, in Paris) is a French essayist.	Alexis Rosenbaum	French
languages spoken or written	Domenico Leccisi born 20 May 1920 in Molfetta was an Italian politician best known for stealing the corpse of the fascist dictator Benito Mussolini from an unmarked grave in 1946.	Domenico Leccisi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas (Hindi: ख़्वाजा अहमद अब्बास) (7 June 1914 -- 1 June 1987), popularly known as K. A. Abbas, was an Indian film director, novelist, screenwriter, and a journalist in the Urdu, Hindi and English languages.	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Pierre Février (1696--1760) was a French baroque composer, organist and harpsichordist.	Pierre Février	French
languages spoken or written	Joan de Sagarra i Devesa (Paris, 6 January 1938) is a Catalan journalist and writer, son of the poet Josep Maria de Sagarra.	Joan de Sagarra	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Fernándo Norzagaray y Escudero was a Spanish soldier and colonial governor.	Fernándo Norzagaray y Escudero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mogens Rukov (4 August 1943 -- 18 December 2015) was a Danish screenwriter and playwright.	Mogens Rukov	Danish
languages spoken or written	Jean Broc (1771--1850) was a French Neo-Classical painter.	Jean Broc	French
languages spoken or written	Henry Currie Leigh-Bennett (1852-7 March 1903, Windlesham) was a Conservative Member of Parliament for the English constituency of Chertsey from 1897 until his death in 1903.	Henry Currie Leigh-Bennett	English
languages spoken or written	Imre Makovecz (November 20, 1935 -- September 27, 2011) was a Hungarian architect active in Europe from the late 1950s onward.	Imre Makovecz	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Ahmed Adnan Saygun (Turkish pronunciation: (ahˈmed adˈnan sajˈɡun); 7 September 1907 -- 6 January 1991) was a Turkish composer, musicologist and writer on music.	Ahmed Adnan Saygun	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jean Jouzel, (born 5 March 1947) is a French glaciologist and climatologist.	Jean Jouzel	French
languages spoken or written	George Goring, Lord Goring (14 July 1608 -- 1657) was an English Royalist soldier.	George Goring, Lord Goring	English
languages spoken or written	Avdo Humo (1 February 1914 -- 24 January 1983) was a Yugoslav and Bosnian communist politician, writer and an Order of the People's Hero recipient.	Avdo Humo	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	André-Pierre Nouvion (born 1939) is a French lawyer and historian of French law.	André-Pierre Nouvion	French
languages spoken or written	Xuan Bello Fernán (born 1965 in Tineo, Asturias, Spain) is a poet and one of the best-known contemporary Asturian writers.	Xuan Bello	Asturian
languages spoken or written	Charles Henry Dessalines d'Orbigny was a French botanist and geologist specializing in the Tertiary of France.	Charles Henry Dessalines d'Orbigny	French
languages spoken or written	Alessia Mosca (born 23 May 1975) is an Italian politician who has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2014.	Alessia Mosca	Italian
languages spoken or written	Berta Collado (Talavera de la Reina, Toledo, Spain, July 3, 1979) is a Spanish TV presenter and journalist.	Berta Collado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Esther Tusquets (30 August 1936 -- 23 July 2012) was a Spanish publisher, novelist and essayist.	Esther Tusquets	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir George Augustus Pilkington (7 October 1848 -- 28 January 1916) was an English doctor and Liberal politician.	George Augustus Pilkington	English
languages spoken or written	Pep Blay (Josep Blay Boqué, born 2 September 1966 in Tarragona, Spain) is a Catalan writer, script writer and music journalist.	Pep Blay	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Raymond Cauchetier (born January 10, 1920) is a French photographer, known for his work as the set photographer from 1959 to 1968 on many of the seminal films of the French New Wave.	Raymond Cauchetier	French
languages spoken or written	Zhu Shenghao (Chinese: 朱生豪; pinyin: Zhū Shēngháo) (February 2, 1912 - December 26, 1944) was a Chinese translator.	Zhu Shenghao	Chinese
mouth of the watercourse	Cherek River (Russian: Черек) is a river in Kabardino-Balkaria in Russia, a right tributary of the Baksan River (Terek's basin).	Cherek River	Baksan River
mouth of the watercourse	The Toce (Italian pronunciation: (ˈtoːtʃe; ˈtɔːtʃe)) is a river in Piedmont, Italy, which stretches the length of the Val d'Ossola from the Swiss border to Lake Maggiore into which it debouches near Fondotoce in the commune of Verbania.	Toce	Lake Maggiore
mouth of the watercourse	Motala ström is the river system that drains lake Vättern, the second largest lake in Sweden, into the Baltic Sea in Norrköping.	Motala ström	Baltic Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Nishnabotna River is a tributary of the Missouri River in southwestern Iowa, northwestern Missouri and southeastern Nebraska in the United States.	Nishnabotna River	Missouri River
mouth of the watercourse	The Iton is a river in Normandy, France, left tributary of the river Eure.	Iton	Eure
mouth of the watercourse	Hess Hollow is an unofficially named tributary of Coles Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Hess Hollow	Coles Creek
mouth of the watercourse	The Gardner River (also known as the Gardiner River) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River, approximately 25 miles (40 km) long, in northwestern Wyoming and south central Montana in the United States.	Gardner River	Yellowstone River
mouth of the watercourse	The River Seeve is a tributary of the Elbe in northern Germany.	Seeve	Elbe
mouth of the watercourse	The River Dodder (Irish: An Dothra) is one of the three main rivers in Dublin, Ireland, the others being the Liffey, of which the Dodder is the largest tributary, and the Tolka.	River Dodder	Liffey
mouth of the watercourse	Lyari River (Urdu: لیاری ندی ‎) is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Manora channel.	Lyari River	Arabian Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Llanquihue River flows in a south and westward and outflows in Panguipulli Lake.	Llanquihue River	Panguipulli Lake
mouth of the watercourse	The Bushman's River (Afrikaans: Boesmansrivier) is an east to north-easterly flowing tributary of the Tugela River, in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.	Bushman's River	Tugela River
mouth of the watercourse	The Bellamy River, in Strafford County, southeastern New Hampshire, is a tributary of the Piscataqua River about 15 miles (24 km) long.	Bellamy River	Piscataqua River
mouth of the watercourse	The Branch River rises on south west of the settlement of Crawford River, below Girvan, south southwest of Bulahdelah, and flows generally south and then southwest, joined by five minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Karuah River north of Karuah.	The Branch River	Karuah River
mouth of the watercourse	The Toad River flows generally north and northeast, passing through Muncho Lake Provincial Park, to join the Liard River.	Toad River	Liard River
mouth of the watercourse	The Vyatka River (Russian: Вя́тка; IPA: (ˈvʲatkə); Tatar Cyrillic: Нократ, Latin: Noqrat; Mari: Виче, Viče, Udmurt: Ватка, Vatka) is a river in Kirov Oblast and the Republic of Tatarstan in Russia, a right tributary of the Kama River.	Vyatka River	Kama River
mouth of the watercourse	The Conestoga River, also referred to as Conestoga Creek, is a 61.6-mile-long (99.1 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River flowing through the center of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Conestoga River	Susquehanna River
mouth of the watercourse	The Bumping River is a tributary of the Naches River, in Washington in the United States.	Bumping River	Naches River
mouth of the watercourse	The Casamance River flows westward for the most part into the Atlantic Ocean along a path about 200 miles (320 km) in length.	Casamance River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The La Pêche River is a river in western Quebec, in Canada, which flows from La Pêche Lake (Lac La Pêche), in Gatineau Park and empties into the Gatineau River at Wakefield.	La Pêche River	Gatineau River
mouth of the watercourse	Again at a right angle it empties the Thamalakane River and forms the Boteti River, which incurs seasonal desiccation in some lower reaches.	Thamalakane River	Boteti River
mouth of the watercourse	The Warrego River is northernmost tributary of the Darling River.	Warrego River	Darling River
mouth of the watercourse	The Fuyuan River (Chinese: 富源溪; pinyin: Fùyuán Xī) is a tributary of the Xiuguluan River in Taiwan.	Fuyuan River	Xiuguluan River
mouth of the watercourse	The Michipicoten River is a river in the Algoma District of northern Ontario, Canada, which flows from Dog Lake and joins with the Magpie River to empty into Michipicoten Bay on Lake Superior near the town of Wawa.	Michipicoten River	Lake Superior
mouth of the watercourse	West Branch Run (also known as West Branch Little Fishing Creek ) is a tributary of Little Fishing Creek in Lycoming County and Columbia County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States.	West Branch Run	Little Fishing Creek
native language	Paul Louis Courier (French: (kuʁje); January 4, 1772 -- April 10, 1825), French Hellenist and political writer, was born in Paris.	Paul Louis Courier	French
native language	Mathias Malzieu (born 1974), the lead singer of the French band Dionysos, co-founded the group in 1993 when he lived in Valence in Drôme.	Mathias Malzieu	French
native language	Théodore Steeg (French pronunciation: ​(teodɔʁ stɛɡ)) (19 December 1868 -- 19 December 1950) was a lawyer and professor of philosophy who became Premier of the French Third Republic.	Théodore Steeg	French
native language	Martin Bangemann (born 15 November 1934 in Wanzleben) is a German politician and a former leader of the FDP (1985--1988).	Martin Bangemann	German
native language	Blanche d'Antigny (May 9, 1840 -- June 30, 1874) was a French singer and actress whose fame today rests chiefly on the fact that Émile Zola used her as the principal model for his novel Nana.	Blanche d'Antigny	French
native language	Hector Bianciotti (French pronunciation: ​(ɛktɔʁ bjɑ̃ʃoti); 18 March 1930 -- 12 June 2012) was an Argentine-born French author and member of the Académie française.	Hector Bianciotti	French
native language	Pierre-Édouard Lémontey (14 January 1762, Lyon -- 26 June 1826, Paris) was a French lawyer, politician, scholar and historian.	Pierre-Édouard Lémontey	French
native language	Jean Laroche (1921--2010) is a French poet born in Nantes.	Jean Laroche	French
native language	Štěpán Kopřiva (born in 1971) is a Czech comics person, science fiction writer, and screenwriter.	Štěpán Kopřiva	Czech
native language	Alain Danilet (3 June 1947 in Noyon (Oise) - 8 February 2012 in Villevieille (Gard) was a French politician.	Alain Danilet	French
native language	Dietrich Wersich (born 1964) is a German politician of the German Christian Democratic Union (CDU), and physician.	Dietrich Wersich	German
native language	Carole Bouquet (born 18 August 1957) is a French actress and fashion model, who has appeared in more than 50 films since 1977.	Carole Bouquet	French
native language	Juliette Drouet, born Julienne Josephine Gauvain (10 April 1806 - 11 May 1883) was a French actress.	Juliette Drouet	French
native language	Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer (15 February 1764, Zurich -- 12 September 1841, Castle Piple, Boissy-Saint-Léger) was a Swiss-born banker who later became a Baron of the French empire.	Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer	French
native language	Vital d'Audiguier (Najac, 1565 - Paris, 1624), was a French poet and writer.	Vital d'Audiguier	French
native language	Thomas Gray (26 December 1716 -- 30 July 1771) was an English poet, letter-writer, classical scholar and professor at Cambridge University.	Thomas Gray	English
native language	Dámaso Alonso y Fernández de las Redondas (22 October 1898 -- 25 January 1990) was a Spanish poet, philologist and literary critic.	Dámaso Alonso	Spanish
native language	Jean-Michel Ribes (born 15 December 1946 in Paris) is a French actor, playwright, screenwriter, theatre director and film maker.	Jean-Michel Ribes	French
native language	Hiroshi Yoshino (Japanese: 吉野弘; 1926 -- 15 January 2014) was a Japanese poet.	Hiroshi Yoshino	Japanese
native language	Yanette Delétang-Tardif (Roubaix, 18 June 1902 -- Paris, 1976) was a French poetess, translator into French of Spanish and German works, painter and illustrator.	Yanette Delétang-Tardif	French
native language	Bernard Cerquiglini (born 8 April 1947 in Lyon, France), is a French linguist.	Bernard Cerquiglini	French
native language	Peter van der Veer is a Dutch anthropologist who has made important scholarly contributions by challenging earlier perceptions regarding Indian religion and society.	Peter van der Veer	Dutch
native language	Pierre Fresnay (4 April 1897, Paris, France -- 9 January 1975) was a French stage and film actor.	Pierre Fresnay	French
native language	Cui Jian ((tsʰwéɪ tɕjɛ̂n); born 2 August 1961) is a Beijing-based Chinese singer-songwriter, trumpeter and guitarist.	Cui Jian	Chinese
native language	Guillaume-Antoine Delfaud (1733--1792) was a French Jesuit.	Guillaume-Antoine Delfaud	French
native language	Philippe-Auguste Jeanron (10 May 1809 -- 8 April 1877) was a French painter, curator and writer.	Philippe-Auguste Jeanron	French
native language	Damien Luce (born 1978) is a French pianist, actor, and writer.	Damien Luce	French
native language	Jean Charles-Brun was an Occitan French proponent of autonomy of France's regions and then founded the French Regionalist Federation in 1901.	Jean Charles-Brun	French
native language	Capucine (6 January 1928 -- 17 March 1990) was a French fashion model and actress known for her comedic roles in The Pink Panther (1963) and What's New Pussycat? (1965).	Capucine	French
native language	Michel Jonasz (born 21 January 1947 in Drancy, France) is a French composer-songwriter, singer and actor.	Michel Jonasz	French
native language	Eva Gräfin Finck von Finckenstein, née Schubring (3 December 1903, in Berlin -- 13 March 1994) was a German politician, representative of the German Christian Democratic Union.	Eva Gräfin Finck von Finckenstein	German
native language	Roxane Duran (born 27 January 1993) is a French-Austrian actress.	Roxane Duran	French
native language	Claire Duhamel (September 6, 1925 -- February 7, 2014) was a French film and stage actress, whose credits included Stolen Kisses in 1968 and Bed and Board in 1970.	Claire Duhamel	French
native language	Bonaventura van Overbeek (1660--1705) was a Dutch Golden Age draughtsman and engraver.	Bonaventura van Overbeek	Dutch
native language	Jean de Tinan, a.k.a. Jean Le Barbier de Tinan, (1874--1898) was a French writer.	Jean de Tinan	French
native language	Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould-Plessy (4 September 1819 -- 30 May 1897) was a French stage actress.	Jeanne Sylvanie Arnould-Plessy	French
native language	Octavian Goga (Romanian pronunciation: (oktaviˈan ˈɡoɡa); 1 April 1881 -- 7 May 1938) was a Romanian politician, poet, playwright, journalist, and translator.	Octavian Goga	Romanian
native language	Laura Antonelli (born Laura Antonaz; 28 November 1941 -- 22 June 2015) was an Italian film actress, who appeared in 45 films between 1965 and 1991.	Laura Antonelli	Italian
native language	Giunta Pisano (also named Giunta da Pisa or Giunta Capitini) was an Italian painter.	Giunta Pisano	Italian
native language	Quentin Elias (10 May 1974 -- 25 February 2014) was a French singer, actor and model.	Quentin Elias	French
native language	Françoise Vatel (born Françoise Watel, 28 November 1937, Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine -- 24 October 2005 in Soissons), was a French actress.	Françoise Vatel	French
native language	Yann Gaillard (born 9 October 1936 in ) is a French politician and he has been a member of the Senate of France.	Yann Gaillard	French
native language	Moussa Ali Abdoulkader (January 1, 1923 in Djibouti -- September 26, 1986 in Paris) was a politician from Djibouti who served in the French National Assembly from 1967-1973 .	Moussa Ali Abdoulkader	French
native language	Georges Brassens (French: (ʒɔʁʒ bʁasɛ̃s); 22 October 1921 -- 29 October 1981) was a French singer-songwriter and poet.	Georges Brassens	French
native language	Madeleine Vernet (3 September 1878 -- 5 October 1949) was a French teacher, writer, libertarian and pacifist.	Madeleine Vernet	French
native language	François Bégaudeau (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa beɡodo); born 27 April 1971) is a French writer, journalist and actor.	François Bégaudeau	French
native language	Jean-Claude Dreyfus (born 18 February 1946 in Paris) is a French actor, comedian and author.	Jean-Claude Dreyfus	French
native language	Martine Pascal (born 1939) is a French theatre, cinema, and television actress.	Martine Pascal	French
native language	Corinne Narassiguin (born March 7, 1975, in Saint Paul, Réunion) is a French politician and former member of the National Assembly of France.	Corinne Narassiguin	French
native language	Yun Heunggil (born 14 December 1942) is a South Korean novelist known for his treatment of conflicts between the individual and society.	Yun Heunggil	Korean
native language	Xavier Bertrand (French pronunciation: ​(ɡzavje bɛʁˈtʁɑ̃); born 21 March 1965) is a French politician.	Xavier Bertrand	French
native language	André Dhôtel (Attigny, Ardennes 1900 -- Paris 1991) was a French writer, novelist, storyteller, and poet.	André Dhôtel	French
native language	Frédéric Lefebvre (French pronunciation: ​(fʁedeʁic ləˈfɛvʁ); born October 14, 1963) is a French politician and was Secretary of State for Trade, Small and Medium Enterprises, Tourism, Services, Liberal professions and Consumption under the Minister of Economy, Finance and Industry, François Baroin.	Frédéric Lefebvre	French
native language	Willem Albert Wagenaar (30 June 1941 in Utrecht -- 27 April 2011) was a Dutch psychologist noted for his work on the reliability of memory.	Willem Albert Wagenaar	Dutch
native language	Educated with diplomas in psychology and philosophy, Aimé Michel joined the French Radio Broadcasting in 1944.	Aimé Michel	French
native language	Gérard Rinaldi (February 17, 1943 -- March 2, 2012) was a French actor, a voice actor and a singer with Les Charlots.	Gérard Rinaldi	French
native language	Pierre Moinot (29 March 1920, Fressines, Deux-Sèvres -- 6 March 2007, Paris) was a French novelist.	Pierre Moinot	French
native language	Jacques Maurice Hatry (Strasbourg, 12 February 1742 - Paris, 30 November 1802) was a French general.	Jacques Maurice Hatry	French
native language	Jérôme Kircher (born 21 November 1964) is a French actor known for A Very Long Engagement (2004), Louise Wimmer (2011) and Café de Flore (2011).	Jérôme Kircher	French
native language	Floor Jansen (pronounced (ˈfloːr ˈjɑnsə(n)); born 21 February 1981 in Goirle) is a Dutch singer-songwriter and vocal coach.	Floor Jansen	Dutch
native language	Martin-Michel-Charles Gaudin, 1st Duc de Gaete (19 January 1756 -- 5 November 1841) was a French statesman, Napoleon I Bonaparte's Minister of Finances from November 1799 to March 1814, including the Cent Jours following Napoleon's return from Elba.	Martin-Michel-Charles Gaudin	French
native language	Serge Lamothe (born February 15, 1963) is a French-Canadian writer.	Serge Lamothe	French
native language	Catherine Millot (born 1944) is a French Lacanian psychoanalyst and author, professor of psychoanalysis at the University of Paris-VIII. Millot studied philosophy before turning to psychoanalysis.	Catherine Millot	French
native language	Wolfgang Nešković (born June 3, 1948 in Lübeck) is a German politician, former judge at the German Federal Court of Justice and an independent member of the German Federal Parliament, representing Cottbus --	Wolfgang Nešković	German
native language	Pierre Magne (3 December 1806 -- 17 February 1879) was a lawyer and French politician.	Pierre Magne	French
native language	Baron Jacques-Antoine-Adrien Delort (16 November 1773 -- 28 March 1846) was a French general and deputy.	Jacques-Antoine-Adrien Delort	French
native language	Benoît Fourneyron (October 31, 1802 -- July 31, 1867) was a French engineer, born in Saint-Étienne, Loire.	Benoît Fourneyron	French
native language	Pascal Bruckner (French: (bʁyknɛʁ); born 15 December 1948 in Paris) is a French writer, one of the ``New Philosophers'' who came to prominence in the 1970s and 1980s.	Pascal Bruckner	French
native language	Marc Lescarbot (c. 1570--1641) was a French author, poet and lawyer.	Marc Lescarbot	French
native language	Antonín Holý (1 September 1936 -- 16 July 2012) was a pioneering Czech scientist.	Antonín Holý	Czech
native language	Doris Pack (born 18 March 1942, Schiffweiler) is a German politician, President of EPP Women and former Member of the European Parliament 1989-2014.	Doris Pack	German
native language	Léontine Zanta (14 February 1872 -- 15 June 1942) was a French philosopher, feminist and novelist.	Léontine Zanta	French
native language	Mathieu Madénian (born July 23, 1976) is a French comedian, actor and columnist.	Mathieu Madénian	French
native language	Winy Maas (born 1958 in Schijndel) is a Dutch architect, landscape architect, professor and urbanist.	Winy Maas	Dutch
native language	Jacques Perrin (born Jacques André Simonet; 13 July 1941) is a French actor and filmmaker.	Jacques Perrin	French
native language	Victor Noir, (27 July 1848 in Attigny, Vosges -- 11 January 1870 in Paris), was a French journalist who is famous for the manner of his death and its political consequences.	Victor Noir	French
native language	Vilis Lācis (May 12, 1904 -- February 6, 1966) was a Latvian writer and communist politician.	Vilis Lācis	Latvian
native language	Caroline Huppert (born 28 October 1950) is a French film director and screenwriter.	Caroline Huppert	French
native language	Pierre Billaud (21 May 1970 -- 11 November 2001) was a French radio reporter and journalist.	Pierre Billaud	French
native language	Ignaz Kiechle (23 February 1930 in Kempten im Allgäu, Bavaria -- 2 December 2003 Reinharts near Kempten) was a German politician of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Ignaz Kiechle	German
native language	Rachid Arhab (born 26 June 1955 in Larbaâ Nath Irathen in Algeria) is a French journalist, current member of the Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel (CSA).	Rachid Arhab	French
native language	Renate Sommer (born 10 September 1958, Bochum) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for North Rhine-Westphalia.	Renate Sommer	German
native language	Pascal Pia (15 August 1903, Paris -- 27 September 1979, Paris), born Pierre Durand, was a French writer, journalist, illustrator and scholar.	Pascal Pia	French
native language	Björn Engholm (born 9 November 1939) is a Lübeck born German SPD politician.	Björn Engholm	German
native language	Annemarie Renger (née Wildung), (7 October 1919 in Leipzig -- 3 March 2008 in Remagen-Oberwinter), was a German politician for the ``Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands'' (Social Democratic Party of Germany - SPD).	Annemarie Renger	German
native language	Dr. Joseph-Ignace Guillotin (French pronunciation: ​(ɡijɔtɛ̃); 28 May 1738 -- 26 March 1814) was a French physician and freemason who proposed on 10 October 1789 the use of a device to carry out death penalties in France, as a less painful method of execution.	Joseph-Ignace Guillotin	French
native language	Richer of Senones (sometimes in French: Richer le Lorrain) (circa 1190--1266) was a monk and chronicler of Senones Abbey in Lorraine, a traveller and one of the very few chroniclers or historians of the Vosges whose works have survived complete.	Richer of Senones	French
native language	Pierre Repp (5 November 1909 in Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise, France -- 1 November 1986 in Plessis-Trévise, France) was a French humorist and actor.	Pierre Repp	French
native language	Thierry Cornillet (born 23 July 1951 in Montélimar, Drôme) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the south-east of France.	Thierry Cornillet	French
native language	Claude Esteban (26 July 1935, Paris -- 10 April 2006, Paris) was a French poet.	Claude Esteban	French
native language	Dionysis Savvopoulos (Greek: Διονύσης Σαββόπουλος) (born 2 December 1944) is a prominent Greek singer-songwriter.	Dionysis Savvopoulos	Greek
native language	Jean Henri Latude (23 March 1725 -- 1 January 1805), often called Danry or Masers de Latude, was a French writer famous for his lengthy confinement in the Bastille, at Vincennes, and for his repeated escapes from those prisons.	Jean Henri Latude	French
native language	Edmond Jaloux (19 June 1878, Marseille -- 22 August 1949, Lutry) was a French novelist, essayist, and critic.	Edmond Jaloux	French
native language	Maxime Bono (born 1 November 1947 in Algiers, Algeria) is a French politician and a member of the Socialist party.	Maxime Bono	French
native language	François Jules Edmond Got (1 October 1822, Lignerolles, Orne -- 21 March 1901, Passy, a district in Paris), was a French stage actor, comedian, and opera librettist.	François Jules Edmond Got	French
native language	Antoine-Éléonor-Léon Leclerc de Juigné (2 November 1728, Paris -- 19 March 1811, Paris) was the Archbishop of Paris during the French Revolution.	Antoine-Éléonor-Léon Leclerc de Juigné	French
native language	Jan Geurt Gaarlandt (born October 9, 1946) is a Dutch journalist, poet, translator, editor and novelist.	Jan Geurt Gaarlandt	Dutch
native language	Dominique Mainard is a French translator of English novels, short story writer and novelist.	Dominique Mainard	French
native language	Toyo Shibata (June 26, 1911 -- January 20, 2013) was a bestselling Japanese poet; her first anthology Kujikenaide (``Don't lose heart''), published in 2009, has sold 1.58 million copies.	Toyo Shibata	Japanese
native language	Jacques Marin (9 September 1919 -- 10 January 2001) was a French actor on film and television.	Jacques Marin	French
native language	Claude Moine (born 3 July 1942), better known by his stage name Eddy Mitchell, is a French singer and actor.	Eddy Mitchell	French
native language	Jürgen Creutzmann (born 4 October 1945 in Speyer, Germany) is a German politician and member of the liberal Free Democratic Party of Germany (FDP).	Jürgen Creutzmann	German
native language	Robert Dun, whose real name is Maurice Martin (1920 - 8 March 2002) was a French self-taught writer, supporter of european nationalism and neo-paganism.	Robert Dun	French
native language	Lutz Heilmann (born September 7, 1966 in Zittau, GDR) is a German politician of the left-wing party Die Linke.	Lutz Heilmann	German
native language	Michel Baron (8 October 1653 -- 22 December 1729) was a French actor and playwright.	Michel Baron	French
native language	Roger Monclin (31 January 1903 -- 26 July 1985) was a French militant pacifist and anarchist.	Roger Monclin	French
native language	Ludovico Antonio Muratori (21 October 1672 -- 23 January 1750) was an Italian historian, notable as a leading scholar of his age, and for his discovery of the Muratorian fragment, the earliest known list of New Testament books.	Ludovico Antonio Muratori	Italian
native language	Karl-Hans Kern (3 October 1932 -- 21 May 2014) was a German politician (SPD) and member of the Bundestag from 1967 until 1976.	Karl-Hans Kern	German
native language	Otto Friedrich Wilhelm Freiherr von der Wenge Graf Lambsdorff, known as Otto Graf Lambsdorff, (20 December 1926 -- 5 December 2009) was a German politician of the Free Democratic Party.	Otto Graf Lambsdorff	German
native language	Albert Likuvalu (born November 14, 1943) is a French politician, former member of the National Assembly of France.	Albert Likuvalu	French
native language	Björn Höcke (born 1 April 1972 in Lünen) is a German politician for the right-wing-populist party Alternative for Germany (AfD).	Björn Höcke	German
native language	Charles Spinasse (22 October 1893 in Égletons, Corrèze -- 9 August 1979 in Rosiers-d'Égletons) was a French politician.	Charles Spinasse	French
native language	Claude Clerselier (1614, Paris -- 1684, Paris) was a French editor.	Claude Clerselier	French
native language	Philippe François Nazaire Fabre d'Églantine (28 July 1750 -- 5 April 1794), commonly known as Fabre d'Églantine (French pronunciation: ​(fabʁ deɡlɑ̃tin)), was a French actor, dramatist, poet, and politician of the French Revolution.	Fabre d'Églantine	French
native language	Stella Baruk (born 1930) is an influential Iranian-born French teacher, mathematician, author and educationalist.	Stella Baruk	French
native language	Clair Tisseur (27 January 1827, Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon, Rhône -- 30 September 1896, Nyons, Drôme), was a French architect whose best known work is Église du Bon-Pasteur, a prominent Romanesque Revival church in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon.	Clair Tisseur	French
native language	Jean-Jacques Gautier (4 November 1908, Essômes-sur-Marne, Aisne -- 20 April 1986) was French theatre critic, novelist and essayist.	Jean-Jacques Gautier	French
native language	Lindsey Davis (born 1949) is an English historical novelist, best known as the author of the Falco series of historical crime stories set in ancient Rome and its empire.	Lindsey Davis	English
native language	Jacques Delille (French: (dəlil); 22 June 1738 -- 1 May 1813) was a French poet, freemason and translator.	Jacques Delille	French
native language	Aurore Clément (born 12 October 1945) is a French actress who has appeared in French language and English language motion pictures and television productions.	Aurore Clément	French
native language	Marc Rivière is a French director, actor and screenwriter.	Marc Rivière	French
native language	Gaston Monmousseau (17 January 1883 -- 11 July 1960) was a French railway worker, trade union leader, politician and author, from a rural working-class background.	Gaston Monmousseau	French
native language	Marie Rivière (French pronunciation: ​(maʁi ʁivjɛʁ); born 22 December 1956) is a French actress and filmmaker.	Marie Rivière	French
native language	Gérard Barray (born 2 November 1931 in Toulouse) is a French comedian and film and television actor.	Gérard Barray	French
native language	Georges Antoine Chabot (1758--1819), known as Chabot de Lallier, was a French jurist and statesman.	Georges Antoine Chabot	French
native language	Lucien-Anatole Prévost-Paradol (8 August 1829, Paris -- 20 July 1870, Washington, D.C.) was a French journalist and essayist.	Lucien-Anatole Prévost-Paradol	French
native language	Corinne Marchand (born 4 December 1937 in Paris) is a French actress.	Corinne Marchand	French
native language	Adrien Duport (6 February 1759 -- 6 July 1798) was a French politician, and lawyer.	Adrien Duport	French
native language	Claude Évin (born 29 June 1949) is a French politician and lawyer.	Claude Évin	French
native language	Christophe Honoré (born 10 April 1970) is a French writer and film director.	Christophe Honoré	French
native language	Kad Merad (born Kaddour Merad; 27 March 1964) is a French-Algerian filmmaker and actor who has acted both on stage and on screen.	Kad Merad	French
native language	Dany Saval (born Danielle Nadine Suzanne Savalle on January 5, 1942, in Paris, France) is a former French actress.	Dany Saval	French
native language	Pierre Joxe (born 28 November 1934 in Paris) is a former French Socialist politician and has been a member of the Constitutional Council of France since 2001.	Pierre Joxe	French
native language	Jean-Philippe Jaworski (born 1969) is a French author of fantasy literature and role-playing games.	Jean-Philippe Jaworski	French
native language	Thomas Händel (born 27 August 1953 in Nuremberg) is a German politician and trade unionist who has served as an MEP for the Left party since 2009.	Thomas Händel	German
native language	Park Nam-su (Hangul: 박남수) was a South Korean poet.	Park Nam-su	Korean
native language	René Marx Dormoy (1 August 1888--26 July 1941) was a French socialist politician, noted for his opposition to the far right.	Marx Dormoy	French
native language	Louisy Mathieu (June 17, 1817 in Basse-Terre (Guadeloupe) -- November 4, 1874 in Basse-Terre)) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1848-1849.	Louisy Mathieu	French
native language	Franz Blücher (24 March 1896 -- 26 March 1959) was a German politician and member of the German Parliament (Bundestag).	Franz Blücher	German
native language	Michel Crépeau (30 October 1930, Fontenay-le-Comte, Vendée -- 30 March 1999, Paris) was a French centre-left politician.	Michel Crépeau	French
native language	Ben-Ousséni Mansour, alias Manou Mansour (Mamoudzou, Mayotte, February 24, 1980) is a French poet.	Manou Mansour	French
native language	Philippe Douste-Blazy (born 1 January 1953) is a United Nations official and former French centre-right politician.	Philippe Douste-Blazy	French
native language	Joseph Laniel (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɔzɛf lanjɛl); 12 October 1889, Vimoutiers, Orne -- 8 April 1975, Paris) was a French conservative politician of the Fourth Republic, who served as Prime Minister for a year from 1953 to 1954.	Joseph Laniel	French
native language	Antoine Christophe Saliceti (baptised in the name of Antonio Cristoforo Saliceti: Antoniu Cristufaru Saliceti in Corsican; 26 August 1757 -- 23 December 1809) was a French politician and diplomat of the Revolution and First Empire.	Antoine Christophe Saliceti	French
native language	Jean Marquès-Rivière (1903--2000) was a French journalist, writer and screenwriter.	Jean Marquès-Rivière	French
native language	Jean Joseph Mounier (12 November 1758 -- 28 January 1806) was a French politician and judge.	Jean Joseph Mounier	French
native language	Claude Charles Marie du Campe de Rosamel (24 June 1774 -- 27 March 1848) was a French politician and naval officer.	Claude Charles Marie du Campe de Rosamel	French
native language	Étienne Jodelle, seigneur de Limodin (1532 -- July 1573), French dramatist and poet, was born in Paris of a noble family.	Étienne Jodelle	French
native language	Edgar Le Bastard was a French industrialist and politician in the nineteenth century.	Edgar Le Bastard	French
native language	Hamide Akbayir (born 10 May 1959 in Frac, Tunceli Province, Turkey) is a German politician and member of the Left North Rhine-Westphalia, a state chapter of the Left Party of Germany.	Hamide Akbayir	German
native language	Jean-Pierre Worms (born 16 July 1934 in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine), is a sociologist, a former French parliamentarian, and is active in the associative sector.	Jean-Pierre Worms	French
native language	Roger Lise (born July 26, 1927 in Martinique) is a politician from Martinique who was elected to the French Senate in 1977	Roger Lise	French
native language	Willi Eichler (January 7, 1896 -- October 17, 1971) was a German journalist and politician with the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).	Willi Eichler	German
native language	Alexandre Mercereau, Paris, 22 October 1884 -- 1945, was a French symbolist poet and critic associated with Unanimism and the Abbaye de Créteil.	Alexandre Mercereau	French
native language	Ernest Granger (20 April 1844 -- 21 May 1914) was a French politician, a veteran of the Paris Commune of 1871, a Blanquist socialist and subsequently a Boulangist nationalist.	Ernest Granger	French
native language	Valérie Lemercier (French pronunciation: ​(va.le.ʁi lə.mɛʁ.sje); born 9 March 1964) is a French actress, screenwriter, director and singer.	Valérie Lemercier	French
native language	Daniel Russo (born 13 May 1948) is a French film actor, comedian and director.	Daniel Russo	French
native language	Valery Rozov (Nizhny Novgorod, December 26, 1964-) is a Russian BASE jumper, who on May 5, 2013, jumped off Changtse (the north peak of the Mount Everest massif) from a height of 7,220 metres (23,690 ft).	Valery Rozov	Russian
native language	Francis de Miomandre (born 22 May 1880 -- 1959) was a French novelist and well-known translator from Spanish into French.	Francis de Miomandre	French
native language	Guy Sorman (born March 10, 1944, Paris, France) is a French professor, columnist, author, and public intellectual in economics and philosophy.	Guy Sorman	French
native language	Bruno Nicolini (born 16 June 1969), better known by his stage name Bénabar, is a French songwriter and singer, who could be compared to Vincent Delerm and other singers from his generation.	Bénabar	French
native language	Robert Desnos (French: (dɛsnɔs); 4 July 1900 -- 8 June 1945), was a French surrealist poet who played a key role in the Surrealist movement of his day.	Robert Desnos	French
native language	Pierre de Chevigné (16 June 1909, Toulon -- 4 April 2004) was a French politician, who was the Minister of Defence in the Fourth Republic between 14 May and 1 June 1958.	Pierre de Chevigné	French
native language	Jean Louis Barthou (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ lwi baʁtu); 25 August 1862 -- 9 October 1934) was a French politician of the Third Republic who served as Prime Minister of France for eight months in 1913.	Louis Barthou	French
occupation	Barry Levey (August 7, 1930 -- February 5, 2004) was a Republican politician and a former member of the Ohio General Assembly.	Barry Levey	politician
occupation	Dinesh Krishnan is an Indian cinematographer He graduated from the prestigious M.G.R. Film and Television Institute, Taramani, Chennai, Tamil Nadu.	Dinesh Krishnan	cinematographer
occupation	Hsu Chun-yat or Jack Hsu (Chinese: 許俊逸; pinyin: Xǔ Jùnyì) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Hsu Chun-yat	politician
occupation	Dan van Husen (born April 30, 1945) is a German actor who has also performed in Hollywood films.	Dan van Husen	actor
occupation	Z'EV (born Stefan Joel Weisser, February 8, 1951) is an American poet, percussionist, and sound artist.	Z'EV	poet	percussionist	sound artist
occupation	Juha Kylmänen (born 1981) is a Finnish vocalist of gothic metal bands For My Pain... and Reflexion.	Juha Kylmänen	vocalist
occupation	Tom Matlack is an American entrepreneur, venture capitalist and author.	Tom Matlack	entrepreneur
occupation	Siddhartha Sarma (Assamese: সিদ্ধাৰ্থ শৰ্মা) is an Indian English novelist and journalist from Assam.	Siddhartha Sarma	journalist
occupation	Johnny Schuler is an author, chef and restaurateur, distiller and television personality from Lima, Peru.	Johnny Schuler	chef
occupation	Martin Liivamägi (born July 5, 1988) is an Estonian swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events.	Martin Liivamägi	swimmer
occupation	William Thomas Lambie (1837--1900) was a civil engineer who worked on construction projects throughout the American Southwest in the 19th Century and was a member of the Los Angeles, California, Common Council, the governing body of that city.	William Thomas Lambie	civil engineer
occupation	Goetz Oertel (born August 24, 1934) is an American physicist and science manager.	Goetz Oertel	physicist
occupation	Edmund Bergler (/ˈbɛrɡlər/; German: (ˈbɛɐ̯glɐ); 1899--1962) was an Austrian-born American psychoanalyst whose books covered such topics as childhood development, mid-life crises, loveless marriages, gambling, and self-defeating behaviors.	Edmund Bergler	psychoanalyst
occupation	Bryan Suits is an American war veteran of three military conflicts in Kuwait, Bosnia, and Iraq, and has been a talk radio host for more than 10 years and active in the Tea Party.	Bryan Suits	radio host
occupation	Krista Detor is a singer-songwriter and pianist from Indiana whose music has been featured on NPR and with Mike Harding on the BBC.	Krista Detor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Andrea England is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Nova Scotia, now based in Toronto, Ontario.	Andrea England	singer
occupation	Jerome B. Posner is an American neurologist and co-author of Plum and Posner's Diagnosis of Stupor and Coma.Dr.	Jerome B. Posner	neurologist
occupation	Antonio José Martínez (January 17, 1793 -- July 27, 1867) was a New Mexican priest, educator, publisher, rancher, farmer, community leader, and politician.	Antonio José Martínez	priest	educator
occupation	Jennifer Egan (born September 7, 1962) is an American novelist and short story writer who lives in Fort Greene, Brooklyn.	Jennifer Egan	novelist	writer
occupation	Stefan Kiesbye is a German novelist and poet.	Stefan Kiesbye	poet
occupation	I Made Subandi (born February 1966, Batubulan) is a gamelan composer and performer from Gianyar, Bali.	Made Subandi	composer
occupation	Moissaye Boguslawski (November 1, 1887 -- August 30, 1944) was an American pianist, composer, editor and teacher.	Moissaye Boguslawski	composer
occupation	Ben Montague is a British musician, singer-songwriter and multi instrumentalist from Farnborough, Kent.	Ben Montague	singer-songwriter
occupation	Irina Borogan (Russian: Ирина Петровна Бороган, born in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian investigative journalist.	Irina Borogan	journalist
occupation	Herman Maxwell Batten (August 4, 1909 -- October 17, 1991) was a Canadian politician, school principal and teacher.	Herman Maxwell Batten	politician
occupation	Bobby Vernon (born Sylvion de Jardin on March 9, 1897 in Chicago, Illinois -- June 28, 1939 in Hollywood, California) was an American comedic actor in silent films.	Bobby Vernon	actor
occupation	Jonne Valtonen (born March 23, 1976) is a Finnish composer, arranger and orchestrator.	Jonne Valtonen	composer
occupation	Mikhail Gennadiyevich Dmitriyev (Russian: Михаил Геннадьевич Дмитриев) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician.	Mikhail Gennadiyevich Dmitriyev	mathematician
occupation	Chun Lee-kyung (Hangul: 전이경, Hanja: 全利卿; born January 6, 1976 in Okcheon, Chungcheongbuk-do) is a retired South Korean short track speed skater.	Chun Lee-kyung	short track speed skater
occupation	Don Dubbins, originally Donald George Dubbins (June 28, 1928 - August 17, 1991), was an American actor of film and television who in his early career usually played younger military roles, particularly in such classic pictures as From Here to Eternity (1953) and The Caine Mutiny (1954).	Don Dubbins	actor
occupation	Kelli White (born April 1, 1977, in Oakland, California) is an American former sprinter.	Kelli White	sprinter
occupation	Lucinda Childs (born June 26, 1940) is an American postmodern dancer/choreographer and actress.	Lucinda Childs	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Andy Prieboy (born April 17, 1955) is an American musician, songwriter, and author.	Andy Prieboy	author
occupation	Richard Henry Hall (November 7, 1830 -- September 7, 1909) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Taunton, Massachusetts.	Richard Henry Hall	politician
occupation	Patrick Wilde is an English playwright and screenwriter for both television and film.	Patrick Wilde	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Geoffrey Mauncell (fl. 1399) of Salisbury, Wiltshire, was an English goldsmith and politician.	Geoffrey Mauncell	politician
occupation	From 1980 on Marcel van den Broecke studied historical maps and specialized in the life and work of the cartographer Abraham Ortelius (1527--1598).	Marcel van den Broecke	cartographer
occupation	Tony Cummings is the founding editor of the magazine Cross Rhythms.	Tony Cummings	editor
occupation	Gwen Arner is an American television director and actress.	Gwen Arner	television director
occupation	Ralph Loring was an architect of Lewiston, Idaho.	Ralph Loring	architect
occupation	Claire Weaver is a British screenwriter, journalist and short story writer, and a former Magazine Editor and book award judge.	Claire Weaver	journalist
occupation	Richard Prior is an English conductor, composer and professor of music.	Richard Prior	conductor	composer
occupation	Ivar Stakgold (born December 13, 1925) is a Norwegian-born American academic mathematician and bridge player from Newark, Delaware.	Ivar Stakgold	bridge player
occupation	Jimmy Clanton (born September 2, 1938, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States) is an American singer who became known as the ``swamp pop R&B teenage idol''.	Jimmy Clanton	singer
occupation	Hazel Rose Markus is a prominent social psychologist and a pioneer in the field of cultural psychology.	Hazel Rose Markus	psychologist
occupation	Maksim Zuyev (Russian: Макси́м Зу́ев; born November 11, 1975 in Kaliningrad -- died March 18, 2010) was an award-winning journalist and blogger who spent his entire life in Kaliningrad promoting human rights.	Maksim Zuyev	journalist
occupation	As well as being a politician, Miran Mohammad Shah was a prominent Sindhi literary personality.	Miran Mohammad Shah	politician
occupation	Bartolomeo degli Organi (24 December 1474 -- 12 December 1539) was an Italian composer, singer and organist of the Renaissance.	Bartolomeo degli Organi	composer	organist
occupation	Owen Rand Kenan, (March 4, 1804 -- March 3, 1887) was a North Carolina politician.	Owen Rand Kenan	politician
occupation	Al Seeger (born January 23, 1980), nicknamed ``The Quiet Storm'', is a boxer from the United States.	Al Seeger	boxer
occupation	Ned Scott (April 16, 1907 -- November 24, 1964) was an American photographer who worked in the Hollywood film industry as a still photographer from 1935-1948.	Ned Scott	photographer
occupation	Allison Melnick (born June 4, 1971) is an American socialite, bar owner, and reality TV star originally from Long Island, New York.	Allison Melnick	socialite
occupation	Chung Il-kwon (Korean: 정일권; Hanja: 丁一權, November 21, 1917 -- January 17, 1994) was a South Korean politician, diplomat and soldier.	Chung Il-kwon	diplomat
occupation	Mamang Dai (Assamese: মামাং দাই) is an Indian journalist, author, poet, and former civil servant based in Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh.	Mamang Dai	author
occupation	Paul Meany (born July 2, 1976) is the lead singer and keyboardist for the indie band Mutemath.	Paul Meany	singer
occupation	Grace Parra (born June 27, 1984) is an American screenwriter, presenter, and actress who is a contributor on The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore.	Grace Parra	screenwriter
occupation	Dave Gillespie was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League.	Dave Gillespie	Australian rules footballer
occupation	János Kintzig was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture in the Counter-revolutionary Government of Arad and Szeged during the Hungarian Soviet Republic.	János Kintzig	politician
occupation	Dinah Silveira Ribeiro, better known as Diná Silveira de Queirós (November 9, 1911 in São Paulo -- November 27, 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian writer of novels, short stories, and chronicles.	Diná Silveira de Queirós	writer
occupation	Carl Zimmermann (born February 24, 1951) is a Democratic politician and a former member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 65th District for a single term, 2012--2014.	Carl Zimmermann	politician
occupation	Sanjeeb Choudhury (December 25, 1964 -- November 19, 2007) was a Bangladeshi singer, lyricist, and journalist.	Sanjeeb Choudhury	singer	journalist
occupation	Shimit Amin is an Indian film director and editor.	Shimit Amin	film director
occupation	Sharad Vesawkar (Nepali: शरद भेषावकर) (born 6 October 1988) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Sharad Vesawkar	cricketer
occupation	Bryan Johanson (born 1951) is an American classical guitarist & composer.	Bryan Johanson	composer
occupation	Max Reichmann (1884-1958) was a German film director active during the silent and early sound eras.	Max Reichmann	film director
occupation	Megan Terry (born July 22, 1932) is an American playwright, screenwriter, and theatre artist having produced more than 50 discrete works for theatre, radio, and television.	Megan Terry	playwright
occupation	Alkinoos Ioannidis (Greek: Αλκίνοος Ιωαννίδης; born September 19, 1969) is a Greek-Cypriot composer, lyricist, singer, and orchestrator.	Alkinoos Ioannidis	composer	singer
occupation	Susan Mitchell (born in 1944) is an American poet, essayist and translator who wrote the poetry collections Rapture and Erotikon.	Susan Mitchell	poet
occupation	Bill Deck (September 28, 1915 -- February 22, 2011) was an American baseball player who played for the Negro National League's Philadelphia Stars in 1939.	Bill Deck	baseball player
occupation	Ulla Wessels (born 1965) is a German analytic philosopher working in practical philosophy, particularly ethics.	Ulla Wessels	philosopher
occupation	Nicole Bass-Fuchs (born August 10, 1964) is an American bodybuilder, actress, professional wrestler and valet previously working for companies such as Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Wrestling Federation, XPW, and the National Wrestling Alliance.	Nicole Bass	professional wrestler
occupation	David Schiff (born August 30, 1945 in New York City) is an American composer, writer and conductor whose music draws on elements of jazz, rock, and klezmer styles, showing the influence of composers as diverse as Stravinsky, Mahler, Charles Mingus, Eric Dolphy and Terry Riley.	David Schiff	composer
occupation	Gershon Benjamin (January 6, 1899 -- September 2, 1985) was an American modern painter.	Gershon Benjamin	painter
occupation	Cozi Zuehlsdorff (born August 3, 1998) is an American actress and singer known for her role as Hazel Haskett in the movie Dolphin Tale (2011) and the sequel, Dolphin Tale 2 (2014).	Cozi Zuehlsdorff	singer
occupation	Dave Calloway (born October 7, 1968 in Woodbury, New Jersey) is an American college basketball coach and the former head men's basketball coach at Monmouth University.	Dave Calloway	basketball coach
occupation	Kim Sok-pom, also spelled Kim Suok-puom (born October 2, 1925) is a Zainichi Korean novelist who writes in Japanese.	Kim Sok-pom	novelist
occupation	Sophie Rodriguez (born July 7, 1988) is a French snowboarder who won a bronze medal in halfpipe at 2013 FIS Snowboarding World Championships, behind Arielle Gold and Holly Crawford.	Sophie Rodriguez	snowboarder
occupation	Loretta Napoleoni (born 1955) is an Italian journalist and political analyst.	Loretta Napoleoni	journalist
occupation	Simon Sweeney is an English author and lecturer in international political economy and business based at the University of York.	Simon Sweeney	lecturer
occupation	Evrard Wendenbaum (born March 13, 1979) is a French outdoor photographer, filmmaker, geologist and explorer.	Evrard Wendenbaum	photographer	explorer
occupation	Gary S. Scott is an American film composer who has contributed music to over forty movies, TV shows, and television movies, beginning with the 1981 horror movie Final Exam.	Gary S. Scott	composer
occupation	Francesco Capuano Di Manfredonia (flourished 15th century) was an Italian astronomer.	Francesco Capuano Di Manfredonia	astronomer
occupation	Russell J. Flanagan (May 21, 1974 -- February 5, 2008), better known as Russ Flanagan, was a journalist for The Express-Times in Easton, Pennsylvania and The New Jersey Herald in Newton, New Jersey.	Russ Flanagan	journalist
occupation	Judith Ann Mayotte (born January 25, 1937) is an American humanitarian, author, theologian, producer, former Catholic Religious Sister, ethicist, and university professor.	Judith Ann Mayotte	theologian
occupation	Hamza Jeetooa is a British actor and film-maker.	Hamza Jeetooa	actor
occupation	Lowell Blair Nesbitt (October 4, 1933 - July 8, 1993) was a painter, draughtsman, printmaker and sculptor.	Lowell Blair Nesbitt	painter
occupation	Janette Beckman is an English documentary photographer born in London and living and working in New York.	Janette Beckman	photographer
occupation	August Gebert was born in Mecklenburg, Germany and was a joiner by profession.	August Gebert	joiner
occupation	Harrison Chad (born July 17, 1992 in Plainview, New York, U.S.) is an American actor and voice actor.	Harrison Chad	actor
occupation	Gabriel Crouch is a British baritone, choral conductor and record producer.	Gabriel Crouch	conductor
occupation	Jill Enfield (born August 8, 1954 in Miami Beach, Florida) is a photographer and hand coloring artist best known for her work in alternative photographic processes such as Cyanotype and Collodion process.	Jill Enfield	photographer	artist
occupation	Václav Vokolek (born January 1, 1947 in Děčín) is a Czech writer and painter.	Václav Vokolek	writer	painter
occupation	Jeff LeBlanc, (born February 9, 1986) is an independent American singer and songwriter.	Jeff LeBlanc	singer and songwriter
occupation	Boris Buzančić (March 13, 1929 - October 9, 2014) was a Croatian actor and politician.	Boris Buzančić	actor	politician
occupation	Felix Weber (born December 1, 1960 in Hassfurt, Bavaria) is a German composer, songwriter and record producer.	Felix Weber	songwriter
occupation	Jay Alders is an American fine artist, photographer and graphic designer.	Jay Alders	photographer	graphic designer
occupation	Shlomo Zalman Schneersohn (1830 -- 1900) was a Ukrainian Habad Hasidic rabbi who was the second leader of Kopust Hasidism from 1866 to his death in 1900.	Shlomo Zalman Schneersohn	rabbi
occupation	Emigdio Flores Calpiñeiro (born July 30, 1950, Cobija) is a Bolivian politician and sociologist, educated at the French Paul Valéry University.	Emigdio Flores Calpiñeiro	politician	sociologist
occupation	Saul Zaentz (/ˈzænts/; February 28, 1921 -- January 3, 2014) was an American film producer and record company executive.	Saul Zaentz	film producer
occupation	Nelly Bodenheim or Johanna Cornelia Hermana Bodenheim (May 27, 1874 -- January 7, 1951) was a Dutch illustrator known for her silhouettes.	Nelly Bodenheim	illustrator
occupation	Brian Keith Tochihara (born May 2, 1963), better known by his professional name Brian Tochi, is an American actor, screenwriter, film director, and producer.	Brian Tochi	actor	screenwriter	film director
occupation	C.D. Stuart, known under her stage name Madame Stuart (fl. 1772), was a ballet dancer, acrobat, tightrope-walker, singer, musician, actress, dance teacher, composer and beer brewer.	Madame Stuart	ballet dancer	singer
occupation	Chris Pureka is an American acoustic singer-songwriter from Northampton, Massachusetts.	Chris Pureka	singer-songwriter
occupation	John Scagliotti is an Emmy Award-winning American film director and producer, and radio broadcaster.	John Scagliotti	film director
occupation	Julita Ross (March 21, 1919 -- June 29, 1981) was a singer of Puerto Rican danzas, also known as ``The Great Lady of the Danzas''.	Julita Ross	singer
occupation	Leo Maslíah is a Uruguayan musician, humorist and writer.	Leo Maslíah	musician	writer
occupation	Paola Zizzi is an Italian theoretical physicist who is most notable for her work in the field of loop quantum gravity, which regards the universe as a kind of super computer.	Paola Zizzi	physicist
occupation	Jonathan Everett Sargent (October 23, 1816-January 6, 1890) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, as the President of the New Hampshire Senate and as the Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Superior Court of Judicature.	Jonathan Everett Sargent	lawyer	politician
occupation	In the last ten years, Bruce Parramore has been working as a film director with advertising films, music videos, short films, TV series and features As of 2013 he has directed around 300 commercials and won several international awards.	Bruce Parramore	film director
occupation	Tony Lambert is a former British diplomat to Beijing, China and Tokyo, Japan and author of several significant books regarding Christianity in China.	Tony Lambert	diplomat
occupation	Benny Moss (born April 18, 1970) is an American former basketball player and the former men's basketball coach at UNC Wilmington.	Benny Moss	basketball coach
occupation	Salim Saifullah Khan (Urdu: سلیم سیف اللہ خان) is a Pakistani politician and President of a faction of the Pakistan Muslim League and a Senator of Pakistan and Chairman of Pakistan's Senate Foreign Relations, Kashmir Affairs and Gilgit Baltistan Committee.	Salim Saifullah Khan	politician
occupation	Bernard B. Brown (July 24, 1898 -- February 20, 1981) was an American sound engineer and composer, who wrote the scores for many early animated cartoons produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions for distribution by Warner Bros. Pictures.	Bernard B. Brown	engineer
occupation	Chrétien François de Lamoignon de Bâville, also written as Chrétien François de Lamoignon de Basville (1735--1789) was a French statesman and magistrate.	Chrétien François de Lamoignon de Basville	statesman	magistrate
occupation	Jean Sutherland was a writer, performer and photographer, who lived for most of her life in the village of Newburgh, in Fife, Scotland.	Jean Sutherland	photographer
occupation	Erika Lauren Wasilewski, known on-air simply as Erika Lauren, is an American radio personality, singer-songwriter and former reality television personality.	Erika Lauren Wasilewski	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kostas Ouranis (Greek: Κώστας Ουράνης, pen name of Κώστας Νιάρχος; 1890--1953) was an acclaimed Greek poet, travel writer and journalist.	Kostas Ouranis	poet
occupation	Walter Beasley is an American saxophonist, a professor of music at the Berklee College of Music, and founder of Affable Publishing and Affable Records.	Walter Beasley	saxophonist	professor
occupation	Alexa Woodward is an American indie/folk singer and songwriter.	Alexa Woodward	singer and songwriter
occupation	Darren LaCroix is a keynote speaker, author, comedian and founder of The Humor Institute, Inc. He is the 2001 World Champion of Public Speaking.	Darren LaCroix	author
occupation	Lynn Schooler's first book, The Blue Bear - A True Story of Friendship, Tragedy, and Survival' tells the story of the author's friendship with the Japanese wildlife photographer Michio Hoshino, who was killed by a grizzly in the Kurilskoya brown bear refuge on the Kamchatka peninsula on August 8, 1996.	Lynn Schooler	photographer
occupation	Kendra Spotswood is an American soul singer and is considered to be one of the most underrated singers of the girl group era.	Kendra Spotswood	singer
occupation	Archie Stout (March 30, 1886 -- March 10, 1973), A.S.C. was a second unit photographer whose career spanned from 1921 to 1954.	Archie Stout	photographer
occupation	Ieuan Lewis (by 1511-?97), of Gladestry, Radnorshire, was a Welsh politician.	Ieuan Lewis	politician
occupation	Rasa Kaušiūtė (born on March 29, 1977) is a Lithuanian singer, composer, and vocal teacher (works at Lithuanian Youth Center and prepares children for various song contests).	Rasa Kaušiūtė	singer
occupation	Maurice Tougas (born February 19, 1956) is a Canadian politician, who formerly represented the electoral district of Edmonton Meadowlark in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	Maurice Tougas	politician
occupation	Herbert Kraus (January 2, 1884 -- March 15, 1965) was a German professor of public international law.	Herbert Kraus	professor
occupation	James Cruz is a Grammy Award winning audio mastering engineer and owner of Zeitgeist Sound Studios in Long Island City, New York.	James Cruz	engineer
occupation	Scott Weinger is an American actor, writer and producer, best known as the voice of the title character in Disney's Aladdin.	Scott Weinger	actor
occupation	Artie D. Valentine (born August 25, 1927), was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the Nevada General Assembly.	Artie D. Valentine	politician
occupation	Peter Som (born in 1970) is a Chinese American fashion designer.	Peter Som	fashion designer
occupation	Elvis Stojko, MSC, MSM (born March 22, 1972) is a Canadian figure skater.	Elvis Stojko	figure skater
occupation	Tovma Artsruni (Armenian: Թովմա Արծրունի; also known in English-language historiography as Thomas Artsruni; precise birth date and date of death unknown) was a ninth-century to tenth-century Armenian historian and author of the History of the House of Artsrunik (Armenian: Պատմություն Արծրունյաց Տան).	Tovma Artsruni	historian
occupation	Ronnie Davies is a former England l darts player, from Byker , Newcastle upon Tyne Davies won the 1978 Winmau World Masters, beating Keith Harvey, Colin Baker and Cliff Lazarenko before beating Tony Brown in the final.	Ronnie Davies	darts player
occupation	Leslie Bradley Cutler was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts Senate.	Leslie Bradley Cutler	politician
occupation	Athas Hrysoulakis (born 5 January 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Athas Hrysoulakis	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Federico Celestini (b. December 5, 1964) is an Italian musicologist.	Federico Celestini	musicologist
occupation	José Lezama Lima (December 19, 1910 -- August 9, 1976) was a Cuban writer and poet who is considered one of the most influential figures in Latin American literature.	José Lezama Lima	writer	poet
occupation	At the age of 19 Alda Garrido formed with her husband, actor Américo Garrido, the duo Dupla de Garridos, doing duets in São Paulo until 1920.	Alda Garrido	actor
occupation	Fabio Gadea Mantilla (born November 9, 1931, Ocotal, Nueva Segovia) is a Nicaraguan radio journalist, writer, and politician.	Fabio Gadea Mantilla	journalist	politician
occupation	Rod Sheard is a British / Australian architect and Senior Principal at Populous.	Rod Sheard	architect
occupation	Elisabeth Högström (born 17 March 1951) is a Swedish curler, world champion and five times European champion.	Elisabeth Högström	curler
occupation	Member of the Committee of 100 Zheng Cao Merola Endowment, begun in 2011 to create an annual scholarship for an Asia-Pacific singer and/or mezzo-soprano to attend the Merola Opera Program	Zheng Cao	singer
occupation	George Wythe McCook (November 21, 1821 -- December 28, 1877) was a lawyer, politician, and soldier from the state of Ohio in the United States.	George Wythe McCook	lawyer
occupation	Gary Hunley (born May 22, 1948) is a former child actor who appeared in American film and television from 1955 to 1962.	Gary Hunley	actor
occupation	Norman Maltby is an English former cricketer active from 1972 to 1974 who played for Northamptonshire (Northants).	Norman Maltby	cricketer
occupation	Aline Kominsky-Crumb (born Aline Goldsmith; August 1, 1948) is an American underground comics artist.	Aline Kominsky-Crumb	comics artist
occupation	José Carlos de Brito e Cunha, known as J. Carlos, (July 18, 1884 -- October 2, 1950) was a cartoonist, illustrator and graphic designer.	J. Carlos	cartoonist
occupation	Shawn Ku is a U.S. choreographer and motion picture director.	Shawn Ku	choreographer
occupation	Jane Sherman (June 14, 1908 -- March 16, 2010) was an American writer, performer, composer, and one-time dancer and member of the Rockettes the famed in-house dance troupe of Radio City Music Hall.	Jane Sherman	writer	composer	dancer
occupation	Norman Madhoo (born April 9, 1964) is a Guyanese darts player.	Norman Madhoo	darts player
occupation	Walter Wischniewsky (1912--1995) was a German film editor who worked on over a hundred productions during his career.	Walter Wischniewsky	film editor
occupation	David ben Yom Tov ibn Bilia was a Portuguese Jewish philosopher who lived in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.	David ben Yom Tov ibn Bilia	philosopher
occupation	Michael G. Bellotti (born March 21, 1963 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American politician who is the current Sheriff of Norfolk County, Massachusetts and a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from Quincy.	Michael G. Bellotti	politician
occupation	Elliott Fitch Shepard (July 25, 1833 -- March 24, 1893) was a New York lawyer, banker, and owner of the Mail and Express newspaper, as well as a founder and president of the New York State Bar Association.	Elliott Fitch Shepard	lawyer
occupation	Robert Lee Minor or Bob Lee Minor (born January 1, 1944) is an African-American stunt performer, television and film actor, best known for doubling many celebrities such as:	Robert Lee Minor	stunt performer	actor
occupation	Theodore Matthew Michael Kuhn, Jr. (born September 21, 1932), known as Mickey Kuhn, is an American former actor of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.	Mickey Kuhn	actor
occupation	Ninos Dankha (born in Baghdad, Iraq) better known by his stage name Prince of Assyria is a Swedish-Iraqi pop rock and folk singer of Assyrian descent.	Prince of Assyria	singer
occupation	Eleanore Mikus (born July 25, 1927 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American artist who began painting in the late 1950s in the Abstract Expressionist mode.	Eleanore Mikus	artist
occupation	Johnny Saxton (July 4, 1930 -- October 4, 2008) was an American professional boxer in the welterweight (147lb) division.	Johnny Saxton	boxer
occupation	Yale Boss (October 18, 1899 -- November 16, 1977) was an American child actor of the silent screen.	Yale Boss	actor
occupation	Carlo Pollonera (Alexandria, Egypt, March 27, 1849 - Turin, June 17, 1923) was an Italian painter, particularly of landscapes, and also an important malacologist.	Carlo Pollonera	painter	malacologist
occupation	Salvo Cuccia (born July 14, 1960) is an Italian cinema director and screenwriter.	Salvo Cuccia	screenwriter
occupation	John Singer Sargent (/ˈsɑːrdʒənt/; January 12, 1856 -- April 14, 1925) was an American artist, considered the ``leading portrait painter of his generation'' for his evocations of Edwardian era luxury.	John Singer Sargent	painter
occupation	János Murkovics (Slovene: Janez Murkovič, Prekmurian: Janoš Murkovič, December 23, 1839 -- April 15, 1917) was Slovene teacher, musician and writer in Hungary.	János Murkovics	teacher	musician	writer
occupation	Rocco Reed (born July 26, 1982) is an American former pornographic actor.	Rocco Reed	pornographic actor
occupation	TJ Norris (born October 10, 1965) is an American interdisciplinary artist known for his urban, conceptual photography and installation projects.	TJ Norris	artist
occupation	Samson Chiu Leung Chun (赵良骏) is a Hong Kong-based film director, film writer and newspaper columnist.	Samson Chiu	film director
occupation	Fiona Bevan is an English singer-songwriter from Suffolk, who lives in Hackney, London.	Fiona Bevan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Maria Margherita Grimani (fl. 1713 -- 1718) was an Italian composer who, at some points in her life, was active in Vienna.	Maria Margherita Grimani	composer
occupation	Harmon Jones (June 3, 1911 -- July 10, 1972) was a Canadian-born film editor and director who worked for many years at the 20th Century-Fox studio in southern California.	Harmon Jones	film editor
occupation	Stephen Briers is a British clinical psychologist.	Stephen Briers	psychologist
occupation	Stephen Gaboury is an American musician, producer, composer, arranger, and musical director.	Stephen Gaboury	musician	composer
occupation	Virginia Kidd (June 2, 1921 -- January 11, 2003) was an American literary agent, writer and editor, who worked in particular in science fiction and related fields.	Virginia Kidd	literary agent
occupation	Zhang Liyin (born February 28, 1989), better known in South Korea as Jang Ri-in, is a Chinese singer active in China and South Korea, She is a member of the South Korean group S.M. The Ballad.	Zhang Liyin	singer
occupation	Norman Orentreich (/ˈnɔːrmən ˈɒrəntraɪk/;) is a pioneering New York dermatologist and the father of modern hair transplantation.	Norman Orentreich	dermatologist
occupation	Cao Zhiyun (Chinese: 曹志耘; pinyin: Cáo Zhìyún), born in Jinhua, Zhejiang in 1961 is a Chinese linguist and dialectologist and is a professor at Beijing Language and Culture University.	Cao Zhiyun	linguist
occupation	Albert Liurette (born July 3, 1904, date of death unknown) was a Guinean physician and politician.	Albert Liurette	politician
occupation	Didymus the Musician was a music theorist in Rome of the end of the 1st century BC or beginning of the 1st century AD, who combined elements of earlier theoretical approaches with an appreciation of the aspect of performance.	Didymus the Musician	music theorist
occupation	Hans J. Salter (January 14, 1896 -- July 23, 1994) was an American film composer.	Hans J. Salter	composer
occupation	Jennifer L. Holm is an American children's writer, and recipient of three Newbery Honors and the Eisner Award.	Jennifer L. Holm	writer
occupation	Michael Lavery is an American artist, and brain fitness author.	Michael Lavery	artist
occupation	Andreas Poach (c.1515 -- April 2, 1585) was a German Lutheran theologian and Reformer.	Andreas Poach	theologian
occupation	Henry Lehrman (March 30, 1886 -- November 7, 1946) was an American actor, screenwriter, director and producer.	Henry Lehrman	actor	screenwriter
occupation	As a botanist, Paul Émile de Puydt notably wrote on orchids.	Paul Émile de Puydt	botanist
occupation	Catrine Näsmark (Stockholm, Sweden, 1970) is a Swedish artist, painter and set designer.	Catrine Näsmark	painter
occupation	Dustin Lance Black (born June 10, 1974) is an American screenwriter, director, film and television producer and LGBT rights activist.	Dustin Lance Black	screenwriter
occupation	Delia Ephron (EHF-rihn; born July 12, 1944) is an American bestselling author, screenwriter, and playwright.	Delia Ephron	author	screenwriter
occupation	Wong Kew-Lit (黄巧力) is a Malaysian Chinese film director and producer.	Wong Kew-Lit	film director
occupation	John Wyman is a British actor probably best known for his role as Erich Kriegler in the James Bond film For Your Eyes Only.	John Wyman	actor
occupation	Nicolas Chauvin (French: (ʃɔvɛ̃)) is a legendary, possibly apocryphal French soldier and patriot who is supposed to have served in the First Army of the French Republic and subsequently in La Grande Armée of Napoleon.	Nicolas Chauvin	soldier
occupation	Dev Raj Joshi (Nepali: देवराज जोशी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress.	Dev Raj Joshi	politician
occupation	Blayre Turnbull (born July 15, 1993) is a women's ice hockey player for the Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey program.	Blayre Turnbull	ice hockey player
occupation	On 23 July 1923, Gertrude Bacon and botanist and illustrator Lady Joanna Charlotte Davy (1865-1955) made the first discovery of Carex microglochin or Bristle Sedge in Great Britain.	Gertrude Bacon	botanist
occupation	K. Raman Pillai is an Indian politician, the president of Kerala Janapaksham.	K. Raman Pillai	politician
occupation	Mike Bocklet (born November 3, 1984 in South Salem, New York) is a professional lacrosse player with the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse and the head coach of the Purchase College men's lacrosse team.	Mike Bocklet	lacrosse player
occupation	Mildred Seydell (born Mildred Rutherford Woolley; March 21, 1889 -- February 20, 1988) was a pioneering woman journalist in Georgia breaking the gender barrier in newspapers in the state.	Mildred Seydell	journalist
occupation	Pietro Montana (June 29, 1890 -- July 6, 1978) was a 20th-century Italian-American sculptor, painter and teacher, noted for his war memorials and religious works.	Pietro Montana	sculptor	painter
occupation	Lynn Poole (August 11, 1910 -- April 14, 1969) was the creator and host of an early U.S. science television program, The Johns Hopkins Science Review (1948--1955), and the author of more than 20 popular science books.	Lynn Poole	author
occupation	Some consider Derek Warwick to be the best Formula One driver never to win a single race.	Derek Warwick	Formula One driver
occupation	Dr. T. Ryan Gregory (born May 16, 1975) is a Canadian evolutionary biologist and genome biologist and a tenured Associate Professor in the Department of Integrative Biology and the Biodiversity Institute of Ontario at the University of Guelph in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	T. Ryan Gregory	biologist
occupation	Colton Harris Moore (born March 22, 1991) is an American criminal and former fugitive from Camano Island, Washington.	Colton Harris Moore	criminal
occupation	Christie Van Hees (born July 5, 1977) is a retired Canadian racquetball player.	Christie Van Hees	racquetball player
occupation	Catherine B. Gulley (fl. 1908-1962), was an English watercolour portrait and genre painter who lived and worked in Bristol.	Catherine B. Gulley	painter
occupation	John Q. Jordan was an African-American journalist who covered all-black marine units in Italy during World War II. While there, he filed dispatches as a correspondent for the black-oriented Norfolk Journal and Guide.	John Q. Jordan	journalist
occupation	Will Lyons is a journalist, newspaper columnist, award-winning wine writer and broadcaster.	Will Lyons	journalist
occupation	Henry Abbey (July 11, 1842 -- June 7, 1911) was an American poet who is best remembered for the poem, ``What do we plant when we plant a tree?''	Henry Abbey	poet
occupation	Tomasz Pohl - poet, author of songs, publicist, menedżer and animator of culture.	Tomasz Pohl	poet
occupation	Potenciano Lesaca was a Filipino politician and businessman who became the first civil governor of Zambales, a province of the Philippines located in the Central Luzon region.	Potenciano Lesaca	politician
occupation	Roberto García Morillo (January 22, 1911 -- October 26, 2003) was an Argentine composer, musicologist, music professor and music critic.	Roberto García Morillo	composer	musicologist	music critic
occupation	Fredric Lieberman (d. May 4, 2013) was an American ethnomusicologist, composer, music professor, and author.	Fredric Lieberman	ethnomusicologist	composer
occupation	Alex Cohen is an American radio journalist, roller derby skater and author.	Alex Cohen	journalist
occupation	Víctor Yturbe (born Víctor Manuel De Anda Iturbe; May 8, 1936 -- November 28, 1987) was a Mexican singer, nicknamed ``El Pirulí''.	Víctor Yturbe	singer
occupation	Erna Fergusson (January 10, 1888 -- July 30, 1964) was an avid writer, historian, and storyteller, who documented the culture and history of New Mexico for more than forty years.	Erna Fergusson	historian
occupation	Mantle Hood (June 24, 1918 -- July 31, 2005) was an American ethnomusicologist.	Mantle Hood	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Henry Monro (1791--1814) was a British painter, associated with the Monro 'Academy' founded by his father Thomas Monro (1759--1833).	Henry Monro	painter
occupation	Kuselo Moyake is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Romanian side Baia Mare.	Kuselo Moyake	rugby union player
occupation	Michael Waller Robinson (October 13, 1837 -- July 23, 1912) was an American lawyer, educator, and politician from Missouri.	Michael Waller Robinson	politician
occupation	Dave Keller (born September 28, 1959) is a former minor league baseball player, coach and manager and major league coach for the Cleveland Indians.	Dave Keller	baseball player
occupation	Henry Rollins (born Henry Lawrence Garfield; February 13, 1961) is an American musician, writer, journalist, publisher, actor, motivational speaker, television and radio host, spoken word artist, comedian, and activist.	Henry Rollins	musician	writer	actor
occupation	Howard Fried (born June 14, 1946, in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American conceptual artist who became known in the 1970s for his pioneering work in video art, performance art, and installation art. He lives and works in Vallejo, California.	Howard Fried	artist
occupation	Florian Ceynowa (Kashubian Florión Cenôwa) (May 4, 1817 -- March 26, 1881) was a doctor, political activist, writer, and linguist.	Florian Ceynowa	writer	linguist
occupation	Archibald Williamson, 1st Baron Forres PC (13 September 1860--29 October 1931), known as Sir Archibald Williamson, 1st Baronet, from 1909 to 1922, was a Scottish businessman and Liberal politician.	Archibald Williamson, 1st Baron Forres	politician
occupation	J. Anderson Thomson, Jr. is an American psychiatrist and writer.	J. Anderson Thomson	psychiatrist
occupation	Shungo Oyama (大山 峻護 Ōyama Shungo (oːjama ɕɯŋɡo); born April 11, 1974) is a Japanese mixed martial artist with an extensive and successful background in judo and sambo.	Shungo Oyama	mixed martial artist
occupation	Verne Harris has been the archivist for the papers of Nelson Mandela since 2004, as Head of the Memory Programme at the Nelson Mandela Foundation's Centre of Memory and Dialogue.	Verne Harris	archivist
occupation	John S. Rodwell (1946 -- present) is an ecologist who was based at the University of Lancaster, noted for his role in the development of the British National Vegetation Classification and as editor of the five volumes of British Plant Communities.	John S. Rodwell	ecologist
occupation	Phil Seaman (born 1947) was an English piano based singer-songwriter who found fame with his hit single ``Rain'' in 1972, and the album Vermillion Memoirs of the same year.	Phil Seaman	singer-songwriter
occupation	Robert Ferro (October 21, 1941 - July 11, 1988) was an American novelist whose semi-autobiographical fiction explored the uneasy integration of homosexuality and traditional American upper-middle-class values.	Robert Ferro	novelist
occupation	Colin Munro MacLeod (January 28, 1909 -- February 11, 1972) was a Canadian-American geneticist.	Colin Munro MacLeod	geneticist
occupation	Donald J. Leonard (born July 11, 1933) is an American electrical engineer and AT&T executive, who received the 1996 IEEE Simon Ramo Medal.	Donald J. Leonard	engineer
occupation	David Burroughs Mattingly (born June 29, 1956, Fort Collins, Colorado) is an American illustrator and painter, best known for his numerous book covers of science fiction and fantasy literature.	David Burroughs Mattingly	painter
occupation	Gertrude Kayaga Mulindwa is a Ugandan librarian who has been the director of the National Library of Uganda since its founding in 2003.	Gertrude Kayaga Mulindwa	librarian
occupation	Casey Kauffman is an American journalist who works for Al Jazeera English, the first English-language news channel headquartered in the Middle East.	Casey Kauffman	journalist
occupation	Yuan Xianchen (simplified Chinese: 袁显臣; traditional Chinese: 袁顯臣; pinyin: Yuán Xiǎnchén) is a mainland Chinese lawyer and human rights activist from Heilongjiang province.	Yuan Xianchen	human rights activist
occupation	Max Rubin is a gambling expert and author best known for his book Comp City:	Max Rubin	author
occupation	José Martín Cuevas Cobos (born September 28, 1969), known professionally as Pedro Fernández, is a Mexican Latin Grammy Award winning recording artist and actor.	Pedro Fernández	actor
occupation	Erik Rudeng (born 7 February 1946) is a Norwegian historian, administrator, essayist and biographer.	Erik Rudeng	historian
occupation	Matthew Temple is an American actor and filmmaker who has made numerous films from both sides of the camera, including 8213:	Matthew Temple	actor
occupation	Isadar (born Fabian Isadore Thibodeaux (/ˈtɪbədoʊ/ TIB-ə-doh); March 7, 1968) is an American pianist, singer-songwriter, musician, recording artist, music video director, and record producer.	Isadar	record producer
occupation	Tyler Coffey (born January 24, 1976) is a musician and record producer based in Seattle, Washington.	Tyler Coffey	musician	record producer
occupation	Elaine Lee is an American actress, playwright, producer, and graphic novel writer.	Elaine Lee	playwright	writer
occupation	John Shelton Reed (born 1942) is a sociologist and essayist, author or editor of twenty books, most of them dealing with the contemporary American South.	John Shelton Reed	sociologist
occupation	Alfred Proksch (December 11, 1908 -- January 3, 2011) was an Austrian Olympic athlete and graphic designer.	Alfred Proksch	graphic designer
occupation	Sezer Huysuz (born November 20, 1977 in Ordu) is a Turkish judoka competing in the lightweight (73 kg) division.	Sezer Huysuz	judoka
occupation	Joel Bernstein is a photographer, guitarist, and record producer based in Oakland, California.	Joel Bernstein	photographer
occupation	Radovan Samardžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радован Самарџић; 1922-1994) was a Yugoslav and Serbian historian, member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (SANU).	Radovan Samardžić	historian
occupation	Jim Bianco (born March 25, 1976) is a critically acclaimed independent musician, singer, songwriter and producer based in Los Angeles, California.	Jim Bianco	singer, songwriter
occupation	Bill Garrard is a Republican politician who served as state representative for District 56 of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013.	Bill Garrard	politician
occupation	Brian Lichtenberg is a Florida-born American fashion designer based in Los Angeles, California.	Brian Lichtenberg	fashion designer
occupation	Charles R. Brayton (August 16, 1840 -- September 23, 1910) was a prominent Republican politician and lobbyist in Rhode Island in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Charles R. Brayton	lobbyist
occupation	Louis Philippe Adélard Langevin (August 23, 1855 -- June 15, 1915) was a Canadian Oblate priest and Archbishop of Saint-Boniface.	Adélard Langevin	priest
occupation	Per Leegaard (born July 15, 1982) is a Danish team handball player.	Per Leegaard	handball player
occupation	Jeff Blumenkrantz (born June 3, 1965 in Long Branch, New Jersey) is an actor, composer and lyricist.	Jeff Blumenkrantz	composer
occupation	Hōzan Yamamoto (山本 邦山, Yamamoto Hōzan; October 6, 1937 - February 10, 2014 in Ōtsu, Shiga prefecture) was a Japanese shakuhachi player, composer and lecturer.	Hōzan Yamamoto	composer
occupation	Bartosz Arłukowicz (born 31 December 1971 in Resko) is a Polish center-left politician and pediatrician.	Bartosz Arłukowicz	politician
occupation	Benjamin Muse (April 17, 1898 -- May 4, 1986) was an American lawyer, newspaper publisher, and Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate.	Benjamin Muse	politician
occupation	Charles Otis Whitman (December 6, 1842 -- December 14, 1910) was an American zoologist, who was influential to the founding of classical ethology.	Charles Otis Whitman	zoologist
occupation	Giuseppe Simoni is an Italian biologist and scientist.	Giuseppe Simoni	biologist
occupation	Zhu Qiuying (simplified Chinese: 朱秋颖; traditional Chinese: 朱秋穎; pinyin: Zhū Qiūyǐng; born October 3, 1994) is a Chinese figure skater.	Zhu Qiuying	figure skater
occupation	Fereydoon Family (born September 18, 1945) is a leading Persian physicist in the field of nanotechnology and solid-state physics.	Fereydoon Family	physicist
occupation	Armando Di Filippo is an Argentine economist, an economic science faculty member at the University of Rosario and Magíster in economic science at the University of Chile.	Armando Di Filippo	economist
occupation	Khaled Hosseini (Persian: خالد حسینی‎‎ (ˈxɒled hoˈsejni); /ˈhɑːlɛd hoʊˈseɪni/; born March 4, 1965) is an Afghan-born American novelist and physician.	Khaled Hosseini	novelist	physician
occupation	Charles Culp Burlingham (August 31, 1858 -- June 6, 1959) was a prominent New York City lawyer, legal reformer, and president of the New York City Bar Association.	Charles Culp Burlingham	lawyer
occupation	William Charles Achi, Jr. (1889--1947) was a Hawaiian attorney and territorial judge, as well as composer.	William Charles Achi, Jr.	judge
occupation	Eddy Ko Hung (Chinese: 高雄; pinyin: Gāo Xióng; born 1937) is a Hong Kong television and film actor who has worked on the TV stations RTV (now defunct), TVB and ATV.	Eddy Ko	actor
occupation	Christopher Columbus Andrews (October 27, 1829 -- September 21, 1922) was an American soldier, diplomat, newspaperman, author, and forester.	Christopher Columbus Andrews	diplomat
occupation	Shane O'Rourke is a current intercounty Gaelic football player for Meath.	Shane O'Rourke	Gaelic football player
occupation	Salah Goudjil (Arabic: صلاح جوجيل‎) is an Algerian politician, belonging to the Secretariat of the Executive Committee of the National Liberation Front (FLN).	Salah Goudjil	politician
occupation	Leigh Haggerwood is a contemporary composer based in Bath, UK.	Leigh Haggerwood	composer
occupation	Jorge Corrula (born March 16, 1978) is a Portuguese actor and fashion model.	Jorge Corrula	actor
occupation	Charles F. Lembke, was a prominent architect and contractor who resided in Valparaiso, Indiana.	Charles F. Lembke	architect
occupation	Rune Glifberg (born October 7, 1974) nicknamed ``The Danish Destroyer'', is a Danish professional skateboarder.	Rune Glifberg	skateboarder
occupation	Joan M. Jensen (born December 9, 1934 St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American historian.	Joan M. Jensen	historian
occupation	Erling Jevne (born March 24, 1966 in Øyer, Oppland) is a former Norwegian cross-country skier who competed from 1987 to 2005.	Erling Jevne	cross-country skier
occupation	Stuart Hyatt is a musician and multimedia artist from Indianapolis.	Stuart Hyatt	musician
occupation	Andres Küng (September 13, 1945 -- December 10, 2002) was a Swedish journalist, writer, entrepreneur and politician of Estonian origin.	Andres Küng	journalist
occupation	TJ Hassan (born May 23, 1981) is a film, television and stage actor.	TJ Hassan	actor
occupation	Duane Sand (born May 8, 1965) is a North Dakota politician, a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, and a U.S. Navy officer during the Iraq War.	Duane Sand	officer
occupation	Charles Noland is an American actor, appearing in over 100 different films and television episodes with recurring roles on The West Wing (7 Seasons) and ER (2 Seasons).	Charles Noland	actor
occupation	MØ also co-wrote the song ``All My Love'' by Major Lazer, featuring vocals from American singer-songwriter Ariana Grande.	MØ	singer-songwriter
occupation	William Le Roy Emmet (July 10, 1858 -- September 26, 1941) was an electrical engineer who made major contributions to alternating current power systems including the design of large rotary converters.	William Le Roy Emmet	engineer
occupation	Karel Plíhal (born August 23, 1958 in Přerov) is a Czech folk and jazz musician, singer, songwriter and record producer.	Karel Plíhal	singer
occupation	Steve Robin is an American television director and producer best known for his work with television producer David E. Kelley.	Steve Robin	television director
occupation	Ajaya Kumar Chaurasiya Barai (Nepali: अजय कुमार चौरसिया) is a Nepalese politician.	Ajaya Kumar Chaurasiya Barai	politician
occupation	Alison Parson (born c. 1984) is an American country singer and songwriter based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Alison Parson	singer and songwriter
occupation	Nick Inch (born December 20, 1984) is a Canadian lacrosse player in the National Lacrosse League.	Nick Inch	lacrosse player
occupation	Masood Iqbal Qureshi (April 17, 1952, Lahore, Punjab -- October 31, 2003) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in a single One-day International (ODI) event in 1984.	Masood Iqbal	cricketer
occupation	Leopoldo Salcedo (March 12, 1912 -- June 11, 1998) was a two-time FAMAS award-winning Filipino film actor who specialized in portraying dramatic heroes.	Leopoldo Salcedo	actor
occupation	Robert Folk (born March 5, 1949) is an American film and television composer and conductor who has written many movie scores, as well as other orchestral music in a classical style.	Robert Folk	composer	conductor
occupation	Fränzi Mägert-Kohli (born Franziska Kohli; 31 May 1982) is a Swiss snowboarder.	Fränzi Mägert-Kohli	snowboarder
occupation	Mark O'Keefe is a comedy screenwriter for feature films and television.	Mark O'Keefe	screenwriter
occupation	Glenn Perry is an Australian writer and opera librettist.	Glenn Perry	librettist
occupation	Caroline Aiken (born August 8, 1955) is a singer and guitarist from Atlanta, Georgia whose work spans genres, from folk to blues to rock.	Caroline Aiken	singer
occupation	Peter Mew is a British music audio engineer at Abbey Road Studios, where he is now senior mastering engineer.	Peter Mew	audio engineer	mastering engineer
occupation	Nani Darnell is the wife and assistant of American magician Mark Wilson.	Nani Darnell	magician
occupation	Patrick Kenji Takahashi (born September 6, 1940 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American biochemical engineer and popular science writer.	Patrick Kenji Takahashi	engineer
occupation	Jude Anthany Joseph (born Sijo Joseph) is an Indian film director known for his 2014 Malayalam film Ohm Shanthi Oshaana.	Jude Anthany Joseph	film director
occupation	William Russell Sweet (November 18, 1860 - October 15, 1946) was an early American artist, painter and sculptor.	William Russell Sweet	painter
occupation	Dusty Limits is an Australian-born cabaret singer and comedian based in the United Kingdom, and one of the leading figures on the ``new cabaret'' scene.	Dusty Limits	singer
occupation	Jules Piccard (professor of chemistry) Auguste Piccard (physicist, aeronaut, balloonist, hydronaut) Jacques Piccard (hydronaut) Bertrand Piccard (aeronaut, balloonist) Jean Felix Piccard (organic chemist, aeronaut, and balloonist) Jeannette Piccard (wife of Jean Felix) (aeronaut and balloonist) Don Piccard (balloonist)	Auguste Piccard	balloonist
occupation	Josiah Ober is an American historian of ancient Greece and classical political theorist.	Josiah Ober	historian
occupation	Russell Banks (born March 28, 1940) is an American writer of fiction and poetry.	Russell Banks	writer
occupation	Bruce Perens (born around 1958) is an American computer programmer and advocate in the free software movement.	Bruce Perens	programmer
occupation	Jamal al-Haidari (Arabic: جمال الحيدري‎, died 1963) was an Iraqi communist politician.	Jamal al-Haidari	politician
occupation	Chen Jia'er (Chinese: 陈佳洱; October 1, 1934 - ) is a Chinese nuclear physicist, an accelerator physicist and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).	Chen Jia'er	physicist
occupation	Hayes MacArthur (born April 16, 1977) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and writer.	Hayes MacArthur	actor	writer
occupation	David Cerney (fl. 1559) was an English politician.	David Cerney	politician
occupation	Hallowell Davis (August 31, 1896 -- August 22, 1992) was an American physiologist and otolaryngologist and researcher who did pioneering work on the physiology of hearing and the inner ear.	Hallowell Davis	physiologist
occupation	Anaridis Rodriguez-Starnino is an award-winning American journalist and news anchor working for The Weather Channel.	Anaridis Rodriguez	journalist
occupation	Cal Bolder (June 14, 1931 -- January 19, 2005) was an American film and television actor best known for his role as the outlaw turned monster in the 1966 film Jesse James Meets Frankenstein's Daughter.	Cal Bolder	actor
occupation	Hiroshi Kawashima (川島 郭志, born March 27, 1970, in Tokushima, Japan) is a former professional boxer.	Hiroshi Kawashima	boxer
occupation	Harvey Fuqua (July 27, 1929 -- July 6, 2010) was an American rhythm and blues singer, songwriter, record producer, and record label executive.	Harvey Fuqua	singer	record producer
occupation	Claude Ernest Dolman (May 23, 1906 -- December 15, 1994) was a Canadian academic and microbiologist.	Claude Ernest Dolman	microbiologist
occupation	Dinu Brătianu (January 13, 1866 -- 1950), born Constantin I. C. Brătianu, was a Romanian politician, who led the National Liberal Party (PNL) starting in 1934.	Dinu Brătianu	politician
occupation	Jan z Holešova or Jan from Holešov (1366, Holešov -- 1436, Rajhrad) was a Czech writer, linguist, musicologist, theologian, and one of the first ethnographers and a founder of modern comparative linguistics.	Jan from Holešov	musicologist
occupation	Teri Woods is an American novelist from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and one of the most successful self-published authors in the United States.	Teri Woods	novelist
occupation	Gilberto Alejandro Durán Diaz, known to all as Alejo Durán or ``El Negro Grande'' (the great black Man) (February 9, 1919 -- November 15, 1989) was a Colombian vallenato music traditional composer, singer and accordionist.	Alejo Durán	singer
occupation	Lisa Reagan Love is a singer and composer based in Oklahoma City.	Lisa Reagan	singer
occupation	Miroslav Ihnačák (born November 19, 1962 in Poprad, Czechoslovakia) is a former ice hockey player currently head coach of GKS Tychy coach.	Miroslav Ihnačák	ice hockey player
occupation	ReShonda Tate Billingsley is an award-winning and national best-selling author and journalist.	ReShonda Tate Billingsley	journalist
occupation	Paromita Banerjee, is a leading Indian fashion designer and a member of the Fashion Design Council of India	Paromita Banerjee	fashion designer
occupation	Thou Reyes (born Joseph Kolins Reyes on March 28, 1984) is a Filipino actor and model.	Thou Reyes	model
occupation	Geoff Eales (born March 13, 1951) is a Welsh jazz pianist, improviser and composer.	Geoff Eales	composer
occupation	Sid Page is an American violinist who has been active since the late 1960s.	Sid Page	violinist
occupation	Stone based the character of Hicks on Beat writer Neal Cassady.	Neal Cassady	writer
occupation	Belinda Luscombe (born in Sydney) is an Australian-born journalist.	Belinda Luscombe	journalist
occupation	John Costanza (born August 14, 1943, in Dover, New Jersey) is an artist and letterer who has worked in the American comic book industry.	John Costanza	artist
occupation	Annie Ousset-Krief, Ph D. and associate professor at the Sorbonne Nouvelle - Paris 3 University, is a French historian and American Civilization specialist.	Annie Ousset-Krief	historian
occupation	Rosie Gaines is an American vocalist, musician, singer-songwriter, and record producer from Pittsburg, California.	Rosie Gaines	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bjorn Thorsrud is a music producer, programmer, and audio engineer who has produced film scores and albums for rock and pop artists.	Bjorn Thorsrud	audio engineer
occupation	Georg Fluckinger (born March 1, 1955) was an Austrian luger who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Georg Fluckinger	luger
occupation	José Bardina (March 27, 1939 -- December 18, 2009) was a television leading actor.	José Bardina	actor
occupation	Son Seong-cheol (Korean: 손 성철; born February 14, 1987) is a South Korean springboard diver.	Son Seong-cheol	diver
occupation	Jeremy King is an American historian, Professor of History at Mount Holyoke.	Jeremy King	historian
occupation	Samuel Watkins Overton, Jr. (June 5, 1894 -- December 2, 1958), was an American politician and the longest serving mayor in the history of the City of Memphis.	Watkins Overton	politician
occupation	Klah Tso (Navajo: Tłʼatsoh) (mid-19th -- early 20th century) was a Navajo painter.	Klah Tso	painter
occupation	Lecrae Devaughn Moore (born October 9, 1979), mononymously known as Lecrae, is an American Christian hip hop artist, songwriter, record producer and actor.	Lecrae	actor
occupation	Hemchandra Burman is an Indian politician from West Bengal and belong to Bhartiya Janata Party.	Hemchandra Burman	politician
occupation	João Lourenço Rebelo, or João Soares Rebelo (1610 -- 16 November 1665) was the only Portuguese composer to adopt the Venetian polychoral style.	João Lourenço Rebelo	composer
occupation	Bikram Keith (born December 29, 1982) is a Washington, D.C. based Indian disc jockey and producer.	Bikram Keith	disc jockey
occupation	Darenzia is the stage name of an American latex fetish and fashion model who resides in New York City.	Darenzia	model
occupation	Angarag Mahanta, known by his nickname Papon, is an Indian singer, composer and record producer from Assam.	Papon	singer	composer
occupation	Steve Jablonsky (born October 9, 1970) is an American composer for film, television and video game, best known for his musical scores in the Transformers film series.	Steve Jablonsky	composer
occupation	Erpr lútandi was according to Skáldatal the court skald of the Swedish kings Eysteinn Beli and Björn at Haugi.	Erpr lútandi	skald
occupation	David Ames Wells (June 17, 1828 -- November 5, 1898) was an American engineer, textbook author, economist and advocate of low tariffs.	David Ames Wells	engineer	economist
occupation	Errikos Litsis (Greek: Ερρίκος Λίτσης; born in Athens) is a Greek actor.	Errikos Litsis	actor
occupation	Scott Glasgow is a Hollywood-based musical composer.	Scott Glasgow	composer
occupation	A. Thomas Schomberg is a sculptor who resides in Colorado.	A. Thomas Schomberg	sculptor
occupation	Emily Bindiger (born May 10, 1955 in Brooklyn, New York, U.S.) is an American singer, belonging to the award-winning a cappella group The Accidentals.	Emily Bindiger	singer
occupation	Jonathan Schmock (born February 26, 1956) is an American actor, television director, producer, writer and editorial cartoonist.	Jonathan Schmock	actor
occupation	Sławomir Lachowski (born January 1, 1958 in Końskie, Poland) is a manager and economist with more than twenty years'' experience of the banking industry in Poland and Central and Eastern Europe; founder of the first internet bank in the region, mBank; and author of many management publications.	Sławomir Lachowski	economist
occupation	Mike Willis is a former major league baseball player who played for the Toronto Blue Jays from 1977 to 1981.	Mike Willis	baseball player
occupation	Paul Elmer More (December 12, 1864 -- March 9, 1937) was an American journalist, critic, essayist and Christian apologist.	Paul Elmer More	journalist
occupation	William Joseph Snelling (December 26, 1804 -- December 24, 1848) was an American adventurer, writer, poet, and journalist.	William Joseph Snelling	journalist
occupation	Dixie Friend Gay is a U.S. visual artist who works in a variety of media and is noted for work that explores the power of nature.	Dixie Friend Gay	artist
occupation	Adeyemi Afolayan (also known as Ade Love) was a Nigerian film actor, director and producer.	Adeyemi Afolayan	actor
occupation	Michal Bat-Adam (Hebrew: מיכל בת-אדם) is an Israeli film director, producer, screenwriter, actress, and musician.	Michal Bat-Adam	film director	screenwriter	musician
occupation	Professor Vanessa Hayes is a geneticist conducting research into cancer genomics and comparative human genomics.	Vanessa Hayes	geneticist
occupation	Dawn Prince-Hughes (born January 31, 1964 in Carbondale, Illinois) is an anthropologist, primatologist, and ethologist who received her M.A. and PhD in interdisciplinary anthropology from the Universität Herisau in Switzerland.	Dawn Prince-Hughes	anthropologist
occupation	Naomi Striemer (born October 6, 1982) is a Canadian-American singer.	Naomi Striemer	singer
occupation	Bob Rosa is an American record producer that has worked with artists such as Madonna, Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Espen Lind.	Bob Rosa	record producer
occupation	Gwen Hughes is an American jazz singer, songwriter and actress.	Gwen Hughes	singer
occupation	Laura de Force Gordon (née Laura de Force; August 17, 1838, North East, Pennsylvania -- April 5, 1907, Lodi, California) was an American lawyer, editor, and a prominent campaigner for women's rights in the American West.	Laura de Force Gordon	lawyer
occupation	Cruz Manuel Hernández Santiago (born December 1, 1972), known artistically as Manny Manuel, is a Puerto Rican singer of merengue, boleros, and tropical music.	Manny Manuel	singer
occupation	Judah ben Isaac Cardinal (or Cardineal) was a translator who lived at the end of the twelfth century and the beginning of the thirteenth, probably in southern France.	Judah ben Isaac Cardinal	translator
occupation	Francis Preston Blair Lee III (May 19, 1916 -- October 25, 1985), popularly known as Blair Lee III, was an American Democratic politician.	Blair Lee III	politician
occupation	Ewing Miles Brown began his career as an actor in Hollywood.	Ewing Miles Brown	actor
occupation	Jennifer Rush (born Heidi Stern, September 28, 1960) is an American pop singer best known for the million-selling single ``The Power of Love'', which she co-wrote.	Jennifer Rush	singer
occupation	Louise Portal (born May 12, 1950) is a Canadian actress, film director, singer and writer.	Louise Portal	singer	writer
occupation	Clesson J. Blaisdell (September 28, 1926 -- August 26, 1999) was a New Hampshire businessman and politician who served as a member of and President of the New Hampshire Senate.	Clesson J. Blaisdell	politician
occupation	Maureen May (née Getting; born September 22, 1962) is an American cellist and conductor.	Maureen May	cellist	conductor
occupation	Darien Brockington is an American singer, songwriter, vocal arranger and actor.	Darien Brockington	singer
occupation	Laura Joh Rowland is a detective/mystery author best known for her series of historical mystery novels set in the late days of feudal Japan, mostly in Edo during the late 17th century.	Laura Joh Rowland	author
occupation	Krista Tippett (née Weedman, born November 9, 1960) is an American journalist, author, and entrepreneur.	Krista Tippett	journalist
occupation	Leonid Makhnovets was a Ukrainian literary scientist, historian, archaeologist, interpreter, bibliographer.	Leonid Makhnovets	historian	archaeologist
occupation	Curtis Greene is an American mathematician, specializing in algebraic combinatorics.	Curtis Greene	mathematician
occupation	Tomáš Jasko (born December 9, 1983) is a Slovak ice hockey player who played previously professionally in Kazakhstan for HC Saryarka of the Kazakhstan Vyschaya Liga.	Tomáš Jasko	ice hockey player
occupation	Patrick O'Hearn (born September 6, 1954) is an American multi-instrumentalist musician, composer and recording artist.	Patrick O'Hearn	composer
occupation	Édouard Ménétries (2 October 1802 -- 10 April 1861) was a French entomologist, zoologist, and herpetologist.	Édouard Ménétries	entomologist	zoologist
occupation	Jamie Paulson (born April 26, 1948 in Calgary) is a former Canadian badminton player who won national and international titles from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s.	Jamie Paulson	badminton player
occupation	Glen Chin (born January 27, 1948) is a critically acclaimed American actor who stars in film and television.	Glen Chin	actor
occupation	Raye Birk (born May 27, 1943) is an American film and television actor famous for playing the role of Papshmir in the first and last of the Naked Gun movies.	Raye Birk	actor
occupation	Ryan Coleman (born January 14, 1991) is an American actor, recording artist, producer, singer/songwriter, rapper, dancer, multi-instrumentalist and comedian from the Nickelodeon series All That.	Ryan Coleman	actor
occupation	Sue Peabody, born Susan Lee Peabody on September 6, 1960, is a historian and professor of history at Washington State University Vancouver.	Sue Peabody	historian
occupation	William Arthur Irwin, often credited as W. Arthur Irwin (May 27, 1898 -- August 9, 1999), was a Canadian journalist and diplomat.	William Arthur Irwin	diplomat
occupation	Cathy Cooper (born November 8, 1960) is a postmodern artist and wardrobe stylist who lives and maintains a studio in Los Angeles.	Cathy Cooper	artist	wardrobe stylist
occupation	Benjamin Paul Akers (July 10, 1825 -- May 21, 1861) was an American sculptor, from Maine.	Benjamin Paul Akers	sculptor
occupation	Tonmi Lillman (born Tommi Kristian Lillman, 3 June 1973 -- 13 February 2012) was a Finnish musician, best known as Otus, the former drummer of the Finnish hard rock band Lordi.	Tonmi Lillman	musician
occupation	Svetlana Gromenkova is a poker player who won the 2008 World Series of Poker $1,000 Ladies - No-Limit Hold'em.	Svetlana Gromenkova	poker player
occupation	Héctor Beltrán Leyva (born 15 February 1965) is a Mexican suspected drug lord and former leader of the Beltrán Leyva Cartel, a drug trafficking organization.	Héctor Beltrán Leyva	drug lord
occupation	A full professor at Ramon Llull University and a lecturer at ESADE Business School in Barcelona, Jordi Montaña holds a doctorate in industrial engineering from the Polytechnic University of Catalonia, a master's degree in Business Administration and Management from ESADE and a degree in industrial engineering from the School of Industrial Engineering of Barcelona.	Jordi Montaña	professor
occupation	Georg Landsberg (January 30, 1865 -- September 14, 1912) was a German mathematician, known for his work in the theory of algebraic functions and on the Riemann--	Georg Landsberg	mathematician
occupation	Flora Purim (born March 6, 1942) is a Brazilian jazz singer known primarily for her work in the jazz fusion style.	Flora Purim	singer
occupation	Anthony Brenner (born November 28, 1959) is a Canadian-born German former ice hockey player.	Anthony Brenner	ice hockey player
occupation	Ernesto Acher (Buenos Aires, October 9, 1939) is an Argentine comedian, actor, composer, arranger, multi-instrumentalist and orchestral conductor.	Ernesto Acher	actor
occupation	Valdemar Axel Firsoff was known principally as an amateur astronomer.	Axel Firsoff	astronomer
occupation	William Albert Boucher (born November 12, 1889 in St. Louis, Northwest Territories-died June 23, 1976) was a Métis politician, farmer and merchant.	William Albert Boucher	politician
occupation	Xuefei Yang (simplified Chinese: 杨雪霏; traditional Chinese: 楊雪霏; pinyin: Yáng Xuěfēi; born March 15, 1977) is a Chinese classical guitarist.	Xuefei Yang	guitarist
occupation	David Sage is an American television actor known for his various roles in television in the 1980s and 1990s.	David Sage	actor
occupation	Michael Sharpe is a British psychiatrist and academic specialising in the psychiatric aspects of medical illness.	Michael Sharpe	psychiatrist
occupation	Giuseppe Cesare Gaetano Molla (1845 -- 1894) was an Italian impresario, conductor, pianist, and opera director.	Gaetano Molla	conductor
occupation	Yukari Takemoto (竹本 ゆかり, born April 27, 1955) is a retired Japanese swimmer.	Yukari Takemoto	swimmer
occupation	Joaquín Gallegos Lara (April 9, 1909 -- November 16, 1947) was an Ecuadorian social realist novelist, short story writer, poet, and essayist.	Joaquín Gallegos Lara	writer
occupation	William W. Rockwell (born July 21, 1824 Hadley, Saratoga County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	William W. Rockwell	politician
occupation	Mohsen Ayed Hammoud Sultan , known as Tahish HAWBAN(Arabic: محسن عايض‎) is an author, journalist and human rights activist Yemeni born in 1976 in isolation Tbahah, Ta'izz Governorate .	Mohsen Ayed	journalist
occupation	Tobias Cummings is an Australian singer-songwriter from Melbourne who has recorded two albums.	Tobias Cummings	singer
occupation	Aiden Dillard is an American independent film director and artist, who is known for using surreal humor and camp (style) within the confines of low-budget film.	Aiden Dillard	film director
occupation	Ed Alonzo (born July 26, 1968) is a Mexican American comedian, actor, and professional magician.	Ed Alonzo	actor	magician
occupation	Yohanan Plesner (Hebrew: יוחנן פלסנר‎; born January 17, 1972) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2007 and 2013.	Yohanan Plesner	politician
occupation	Kurt Lockwood (born June 4, 1970) is an American pornographic actor & director, model, and musician.	Kurt Lockwood	pornographic actor	model	musician
occupation	Larry Conklin is an American guitar player, singer, songwriter and music journalist.	Larry Conklin	singer, songwriter
occupation	Romeo Munoz Cachola, commonly known as Romy Cachola, is a Democratic politician from the state of Hawaii.	Romeo Munoz Cachola	politician
occupation	Ahmed Imamović is a Bosnian film director, producer and screenwriter.	Ahmed Imamović	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Roy Allen Smith (born December 12, 1954 in Cedar City, Utah) is an American animator, film director and producer, who is well known for the Land Before Time series and Family Guy.	Roy Allen Smith	film director
occupation	Shahrar Ali (('ʃɑːrɑː ɑː'liː)) is a British politician and Deputy Leader of the Green Party of England and Wales alongside Amelia Womack.	Shahrar Ali	politician
occupation	Randy Thompson is a Virginia based americana/country music singer and songwriter.	Randy Thompson	singer and songwriter
occupation	Christian Ignatius Latrobe was an English clergyman of the Moravian Church, as well as an artist, musician and composer.	Christian Ignatius Latrobe	composer
occupation	Syed Mir Qasim (Kashmiri: सैय्यद मीर क़ासिम (Devanagari), سید میر قسم (Nastaleeq)) was the Chief Minister of Kashmir from 1971 to 1975 and well-respected throughout India as a gentleman politician and statesman.	Syed Mir Qasim	politician
occupation	Ted Young is a Fijian politician, who served in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase from 2001 to 2006.	Ted Young	politician
occupation	Darryll Sulindro-Yang (Chinese: 杨周宏, born October 26, 1987 in Los Angeles, California) is an American figure skater who competed for Taiwan in both singles and pairs.	Darryll Sulindro-Yang	figure skater
occupation	Rudolf Grimm (born 10 November 1961) is an experimental physicist from Austria.	Rudolf Grimm	physicist
occupation	Glenford Myers (born December 12, 1946) is an American computer scientist, entrepreneur, and author.	Glenford Myers	computer scientist	entrepreneur
occupation	John E. Hancock (March 23, 1903 -- June 23, 1982) was a Vermont farmer and politician who served one term as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	John E. Hancock	politician
occupation	Susan Huehnergard is a Canadian former pairs figure skater with partner Paul Huehnergard.	Susan Huehnergard	figure skater
occupation	Harry Newton Redman (December 26, 1869 - December 26, 1958) was an American composer, writer, and artist, born in Illinois.	Harry Newton Redman	composer
occupation	William Charles Milne(美魏茶 born April 22, 1815, died May 25, 1863) was a missionary to China in the 19th century.	William Charles Milne	missionary
occupation	Keturah Kamugasa is a Ugandan writer and journalist most notable for her weekly column in The New Vision daily, called ``Style with Keturah Kamugasa''.	Keturah Kamugasa	journalist
occupation	Mack Wilberg (born in 1955 in Orangeville, Utah) is a composer, arranger, conductor, choral clinician and the current music director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.	Mack Wilberg	composer	conductor
occupation	David MacIsaac (born April 23, 1972) is a former professional ice hockey player from Cambridge, Massachusetts.	David MacIsaac	ice hockey player
occupation	Solon (Greek: Σόλων; c. 638 -- c. 558 BC) was an Athenian statesman, lawmaker, and poet.	Solon	poet
occupation	Ellen Lendra Hight (born February 13, 1981) is a Zambian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events.	Ellen Lendra Hight	swimmer
occupation	Sumner Howard (May 7, 1835 -- September 6, 1890) was an American jurist and politician who served as Chief Justice on the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court, Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives, and Mayor of Prescott, Arizona Territory.	Sumner Howard	jurist	politician
occupation	Derrelle Owens (born June 9, 1981), better known by his stage name Shorty Mack, is a rapper and actor.	Shorty Mack	rapper	actor
occupation	Oliver McCall (born April 21, 1965) is an American professional boxer best known for winning the WBC heavyweight title in 1994, after scoring an upset knockout victory over Lennox Lewis.	Oliver McCall	boxer
occupation	Marcelle Dormoy (1895-1976) was a French couturier, fashion designer, and former model active from 1928 to 1950.	Marcelle Dormoy	fashion designer
occupation	Norman Snow (born March 29, 1950) is an American actor who is probably best known for his role as the evil tyrant Xur in the science fiction film The Last Starfighter (1984).	Norman Snow	actor
occupation	Wayne Hope is an Australian actor, writer, director, and producer.	Wayne Hope	actor	writer
occupation	Huang Tsing-tung (Chinese: 黃慶東; pinyin: Huáng Qìngdōng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Huang Tsing-tung	politician
occupation	Liraz Charhi (Hebrew: לירז צ'רכי‎; born May 31, 1978 in Ramla) is an Israeli actress, singer and dancer of Iranian descent, living in the United States.	Liraz Charhi	singer
occupation	Verónica Romero is a Spanish singer who rose to fame in 2001 after appearing on the reality singing contest Operación Triunfo, in which she finished in sixth place.	Verónica Romero	singer
occupation	Lawrence Foanaota OBE, born on Malaita, is a Solomon Islander archaeologist.	Lawrence Foanaota	archaeologist
occupation	David Ackroyd (born May 30, 1940) is an American actor, who first came to prominence in soap operas such as The Secret Storm and Another World.	David Ackroyd	actor
occupation	Boyé Lafayette De Mente is an American author, journalist, and adventurer who has written over 100 books mainly related to Mexico and East Asia, in particular Japanese culture.	Boyé Lafayette De Mente	journalist
occupation	Adolph Frank (January 20, 1834 -- May 30, 1916) was a German chemist, engineer, and businessman.	Adolph Frank	chemist	engineer
occupation	Shauna Cross is an American screenwriter, novelist and former roller derby athlete.	Shauna Cross	screenwriter
occupation	Antonio Agri (May 5, 1932 -- October 17, 1998) was an Argentine violinist, composer and conductor prominent in both the tango and classical music genres.	Antonio Agri	composer
occupation	Michael Jonzun, a musician and producer of electro, and especially electro funk, was born in Florida, and formed the Jonzun Crew in Boston with Steve Thorpe and Gordy Worthy.	Michael Jonzun	musician
occupation	Mohammad Hashemi Rafsanjani (also Mohammad Hashemi) is an Iranian politician who has been a member of the Expediency Discernment Council since 1997.	Mohammad Hashemi Rafsanjani	politician
occupation	Ziya Mammadov Arzuman oglu (Azerbaijani: Ziya Məmmədov Arzuman oğlu) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Minister of Transportation of Azerbaijan Republic.	Ziya Mammadov	politician
occupation	Richard Corrigan (born 10 February 1964) is an Irish chef.	Richard Corrigan	chef
occupation	Samuel Bell Thomas (July 6, 1868 - October 11, 1943) was a New York lawyer who defended William Sulzer during his impeachment in 1913.	Samuel Bell Thomas	lawyer
occupation	Haji Bektash Veli or Ḥājī Baktāsh Walī (Persian: حاجی بکتاش ولی ‎‎ Ḥājī Baktāš Walī; Turkish: Hacı Bektaş Veli) was an Alevi Muslim mystic, Sayyid, humanist and philosopher, who lived from 1209 to 1271.	Haji Bektash Veli	philosopher
occupation	Jean-Joseph Marcel (November 24, 1776 -- March 11, 1854) was a French printer and engineer.	Jean-Joseph Marcel	engineer
occupation	Raymond John Barry (professionally known as Raymond J. Barry) (born March 14, 1939) is an American film, television, and stage actor.	Raymond J. Barry	actor
occupation	Tracy Davidson (born June 10, 1963) is a news presenter for WCAU in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Tracy Davidson	news presenter
occupation	Cristi Puiu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkristi ˈpuju); born 3 April 1967) is a Romanian film director and screenwriter.	Cristi Puiu	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Pál Sajgó (born April 28, 1922) was a Hungarian cross country skier and biathlete who competed in the 1950s.	Pál Sajgó	biathlete
occupation	Mohammad Ali Ghouchani (1771 in Ghouchan - 3rd of march 1877 in Tabriz), also known as Mirza Sanglakh, was a Persian author, poet, mystic and calligrapher in the era of Fath Ali Shah, Mohammad Shah and Naser al-Din Shah.	Mohammad Ali Ghouchani	calligrapher
occupation	Coleman Dupont Donaldson (1922--2009) was a fluid physicist and aeronautical engineer who specialized in turbulent flow and computational fluid dynamics.	Coleman Dupont Donaldson	physicist	engineer
occupation	Ding Wenjiang (Chinese: 丁文江; March 20, 1887 - January 5, 1936), courtesy name Zaijun, was a Chinese geologist, polymath, writer, politician, administrator, and social activist, active especially in the Republic of China (1912--49).	Ding Wenjiang	geologist
occupation	Cratippus of Pergamon (Greek: Κράτιππος), was a leading Peripatetic philosopher of the 1st century BC who taught at Mytilene and Athens.	Cratippus of Pergamon	philosopher
occupation	Gautam Bhattacharya is a sports journalist and the Associate Editor of Ananda Bazar Patrika in India.	Gautam Bhattacharya	journalist
occupation	Jonathan Yudis (born in Philadelphia on December 22, 1971) is an American film director.	Jonathan Yudis	film director
occupation	Vaughan Bell is a British clinical psychologist at the South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust specialising in psychological interventions for psychotic outpatients and in training other professionals to deal with such patients.	Vaughan Bell	psychologist
occupation	Kendall Baisden (born March 5, 1995) is an American track and field sprinter who specializes in the 400-meter dash.	Kendall Baisden	sprinter
occupation	Doug Whitsett (born 1943) is an American politician who serves in the Oregon State Senate, representing District 28.	Doug Whitsett	politician
occupation	Count Eustachy Tyszkiewicz h. Leliwa (1814, Lahojsk -- 1874 in Wilno) was a Polish noble, archaeologist and historian from the former Grand Duchy of Lithuania and White Ruthenia, then part of the Russian Empire.	Eustachy Tyszkiewicz	archaeologist	historian
occupation	Celina Murga (born December 1973) is an Argentinian filmmaker, screenwriter, and producer.	Celina Murga	screenwriter
occupation	Le Tari (April 21, 1946 -- April 4, 1987) was an American actor who appeared in movies and on television.	Le Tari	actor
occupation	Nina Pušlar (born October 25, 1988, in Ivančna Gorica, Slovenia) is a Slovenian singer-songwriter.	Nina Pušlar	singer
occupation	Gabriel Aragón, better known as Gaby, (Madrid, 1920 -- Madrid, January 10, 1995) was a Spanish clown and saxophonist, member of the trio Gaby, Fofó and Miliki.	Gabriel Aragón	clown	saxophonist
occupation	Scott Bitz (born October 29, 1973, in Regina, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian curler.	Scott Bitz	curler
occupation	Ellen Fanning is an Australian journalist and was the last host of the Nine Network's Sunday television program.	Ellen Fanning	journalist
occupation	Marcos Vidal (born December 10, 1967), is a Dove Award-nominated Spanish Christian singer/songwriter.	Marcos Vidal	singer
occupation	Shiferaw Shigute Wolassa (Amharic: ?) is an Ethiopian politician who is currently the country's Minister of Education, and previously served as President of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region from 2006 to 2013.	Shiferaw Shigute	politician
occupation	Franz Gabl (December 29, 1921 -- January 23, 2014) was an Austrian alpine skier and Olympic medalist.	Franz Gabl	alpine skier
occupation	Bartolommeo Penni was a Florentine High Renaissance painter active in the 16th century, the brother of the painters Luca Penni and Gianfrancesco Penni - the three brothers originally came from a family of weavers.	Bartolommeo Penni	painter
occupation	Sonja Gaudet (born in North Vancouver, British Columbia on July 22, 1966) is a Canadian Paralympic curler.	Sonja Gaudet	curler
occupation	Binem Heller is a Polish poet and activist.	Binem Heller	poet
occupation	Mark Janicello (born November 3, 1962, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American singer, actor, painter and author.	Mark Janicello	singer	painter
occupation	Don Perlin (born August 27, 1929) is an American comic book artist and occasional writer best known for Marvel Comics' Werewolf by Night, The Defenders, and Ghost Rider.	Don Perlin	artist
occupation	Dr. Mohan Agashe is an Indian theatre and film actor.	Mohan Agashe	actor
occupation	John Lloyd Vaughan Watkins (1802 -- 28 September 1865) was a Welsh Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in three periods between 1832 and 1865.	John Lloyd Vaughan Watkins	politician
occupation	Martha Hollander (born March 24, 1959) is an American poet and art historian.	Martha Hollander	poet
occupation	Mike Birbiglia (born June 20, 1978) is an American comedian, writer, actor, and director.	Mike Birbiglia	actor
occupation	Jarvis Mills (born September 11, 1983), better known by his stage name Jae Millz, is an American rapper from Harlem, New York, who is signed to Lil Wayne's record label Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records.	Jae Millz	rapper
occupation	Bikash Ranjan Das (Bengali: বিকাশ রঞ্জন দাশ ) (born July 14, 1982, Dhaka) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who played in one Test in 2000.	Ranjan Das	cricketer
occupation	Wallace Ronald Roy (born April 29, 1940), or Ron Roy, is an American writer of children's fiction, primarily mysteries for young readers.	Ron Roy	writer
occupation	Levy Mayer (October 23, 1858 -- August 14, 1922) was an American lawyer from Virginia.	Levy Mayer	lawyer
occupation	Henrik Stehlik (born December 29, 1980) is a German trampoline gymnast and three-time Olympic athlete.	Henrik Stehlik	gymnast
occupation	Jana Carpenter is an American actress, singer and guitarist based in the UK.	Jana Carpenter	singer
occupation	Jules Harlow (born June 28, 1931) is a Conservative Jewish rabbi and liturgist; son of Henry and Lena Lipman Harlow.	Jules Harlow	rabbi
occupation	Ronald Radosh (born 1937) is an American writer, professor, historian, and former Marxist.	Ronald Radosh	historian
occupation	Thomas Patch (1725--1782) was an English painter, engraver, physiognomist and art historian.	Thomas Patch	painter
occupation	Lyn Coffin (born November 12, 1943) is an American poet, fiction writer, playwright, translator, non-fiction writer, editor.	Lyn Coffin	translator
occupation	Kara Magsanoc-Alikpala is a Philippine broadcast journalist who produces news documentaries.	Kara Magsanoc-Alikpala	journalist
occupation	Francis D. Lee (1826--1885) was an American architect and inventor from Charleston, South Carolina.	Francis D. Lee	architect
occupation	Edwin Francis Gay (October 27, 1867 -- February 8, 1946) was an American economist, Professor of Economic History and first Dean of the Harvard Business School.	Edwin Francis Gay	economist
occupation	Robin Givhan (September 11, 1964) is the fashion editor for The Washington Post.	Robin Givhan	fashion editor
occupation	Paul Kreppel (born June 20, 1947) is an actor, producer, director.	Paul Kreppel	actor
occupation	Anthony Loke Siew Fook (simplified Chinese: 陆兆福; traditional Chinese: 陸兆福; pinyin: Lù Zhào Fú; born 28 April 1977) is a Malaysian politician.	Loke Siew Fook	politician
occupation	A fellowship run by The Frank Sargeson Trust in association with Auckland University and sponsored by law firm Grimshaw & Co supports writer(s) to live in the Sargeson Centre, adjacent to the University of Auckland, with an annual stipend.	Frank Sargeson	writer
occupation	Joseph R. Driscoll is an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 2003 to 2011, representing the 5th district of Norfolk County.	Joseph R. Driscoll	politician
occupation	Thrasyvoulos Zaimis (Greek: Θρασύβουλος Ζαΐμης, 1822--1880) was a Greek politician and Prime Minister.	Thrasyvoulos Zaimis	politician
occupation	Eva Rueber-Staier (sometimes spelled Eva Reuber-Staier) is an Austrian actress, TV Host, model and beauty queen who won Miss World 1969.	Eva Rueber-Staier	model
occupation	Kate Micucci (pronounced /mᵻˈkuːtʃi/; born March 31, 1980) is an American actress, comedian, singer-songwriter, and artist.	Kate Micucci	singer-songwriter
occupation	Soumitra Sen was a former judge of the Calcutta High Court.	Soumitra Sen	judge
occupation	Benjamin Peltonen (born April 15, 1997) is a Finnish singer, who originally became famous through the photo-sharing service Instagram, where his profile, opened in 2012, has more than 229,000 followers.	Benjamin Peltonen	singer
occupation	Yohanan Simon (Hebrew:יוחנן סימון) was a German-born, award-winning Israeli painter.	Yohanan Simon	painter
occupation	Rickey William Kelman, known as Ricky Kelman or Rick Kelman (born July 6, 1950), is a former child and young adult actor who apperared in film and on television from 1954 to 1974.	Ricky Kelman	actor
occupation	Alan Lelchuk is a novelist, professor, and editor from Brooklyn, New York.	Alan Lelchuk	novelist
occupation	Alfred Pink (June 1, 1853 in Fratton, Portsmouth, Hampshire -- January 12, 1931 in Portsmouth) was an English cricketer who played one first-class match for Hampshire in 1885.	Alfred Pink	cricketer
occupation	Walter Paul Sieber (October 2, 1933 -- July 5, 2009) was a Canadian professional wrestler under the ring name Waldo Von Erich.	Waldo Von Erich	professional wrestler
occupation	Menahem ben Moshe Bavli (Bavli meaning Roman), also known as Menahem Ben Moshe ha-Bavli, (?-1571) was a Jewish rabbi and author of the 1571 book Ta'amei Ha-Misvot (``The Reasons For The Precepts'').	Menahem ben Moshe Bavli	rabbi
occupation	Carlton Ward Jr. is a photographer with National Geographic Society.	Carlton Ward Jr.	photographer
occupation	Arthur T. Benjamin (born March 19, 1961) is an American mathematician who specializes in combinatorics.	Arthur T. Benjamin	mathematician
occupation	Maurice Lim (born 1984) is a Dutch figure skater who was a two-time champion of the Dutch Figure Skating Championships.	Maurice Lim	figure skater
occupation	Søren Nils Eichberg (born 1973) is a German/Danish composer.	Søren Nils Eichberg	composer
occupation	Kim Manners (January 13, 1951 -- January 25, 2009) was an American television producer, director and actor best known for his work on The X-Files and Supernatural.	Kim Manners	actor
occupation	Ignacio Tuason Arroyo, Jr. (October 24, 1950 -- January 26, 2012), also known as Iggy Arroyo, was a Filipino politician.	Iggy Arroyo	politician
occupation	Kirk Earlywine (born July 4, 1964) is an American college basketball coach, currently the director of player development at the University of Idaho and the former head men's basketball coach at Eastern Washington University.	Kirk Earlywine	basketball coach
occupation	Lowrell Simon (born March 18, 1943, Chicago) is an American soul singer.	Lowrell Simon	singer
occupation	Jason Howland is a musical theatre composer, playwright, conductor, music director, and producer.	Jason Howland	composer	playwright	music director
occupation	Jennifer Donnelly (born August 16, 1963) is an American writer of young-adult fiction best known for the historical novel A Northern Light.	Jennifer Donnelly	writer
occupation	Bert Lahr, born Irving Lahrheim (August 13, 1895 -- December 4, 1967), was an American iconic actor, particularly of stage and film and comedian.	Bert Lahr	actor
occupation	William Wallace Burns McInnes (April 8, 1871 -- August 4, 1954) was a Canadian politician, lawyer and served as the Yukon's fifth Commissioner.	William Wallace Burns McInnes	politician
occupation	Peter Askim is an American composer of modern classical music, conductor, music educator and a double bassist.	Peter Askim	composer
occupation	Naeem Juwan, better known by his stage name Spank Rock, is an American rapper and songwriter from Baltimore.	Spank Rock	rapper
occupation	Murray John Sawchuk (born November 25, 1973, stage name Murray SawChuck) is a stage illusionist, magician, comedian, actor, and host.	Murray SawChuck	magician
occupation	William Stephan Spider Ledesma II (born April 6, 1964) is an American professional basketball player and the current CEO of the Native American Olympic Team and Buyorsellnetwork.com.	Spider Ledesma	basketball player
occupation	Andrej Kroen was a politician of the late 16th century and early 17th century in Slovenia when the country was under the Holy Roman Empire.	Andrej Kroen	politician
occupation	Yutaka Fukumoto (福本 豊, born November 7, 1947 in Osaka, Osaka) is a retired Japanese professional baseball player in Nippon Professional Baseball.	Yutaka Fukumoto	baseball player
occupation	William Graves Sharp (March 14, 1859 -- November 17, 1922) was an American lawyer, manufacturer, three-term congressman, and diplomat.	William Graves Sharp	lawyer	diplomat
occupation	J. Roy Helland (born January 28, 1943 in Glendale, California) is a make-up artist.	J. Roy Helland	make-up artist
occupation	Theo Kamecke (born October 18, 1937) is a sculptor, who previously worked as a film director during the 1960s and 1970s.	Theo Kamecke	film director
occupation	Jug Suraiya is a prominent Indian journalist, author and columnist.	Jug Suraiya	journalist
occupation	Tommy Vig (July 14, 1938) is a jazz vibraharpist, drummer, percussionist, arranger, big band leader, film, television, and classical concert composer, inventor, author, and educator.	Tommy Vig	composer
occupation	Erma Duricko is an American theatre director specializing in new plays and the works of Tennessee Williams.	Erma Duricko	theatre director
occupation	Herman Watzinger was a Norwegian engineer in the area of cooling technique from NTH (now NTNU) in Trondheim and a crewmember on the Kon-Tiki expedition.	Herman Watzinger	engineer
occupation	Zelma O'Neal (May 29, 1903 - November 3, 1989) was an actress, singer, and dancer in the 1920s and 1930s.	Zelma O'Neal	dancer
occupation	Julia Boseman is an American politician and a former Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate.	Julia Boseman	politician
occupation	Ivan Ivanji is a Jewish-Serbian author of many internationally renowned novels.	Ivan Ivanji	author
occupation	Mark Gonzales (born June 1, 1968), also known as ``Gonz'' and ``The Gonz'', is an American professional skateboarder and artist.	Mark Gonzales	skateboarder
occupation	Jørgen Stubberud (17 or 19 April 1883 -- 12 February 1980) was a Norwegian polar explorer who participated in the Amundsen Antarctica Expedition between 1910 and 1912.	Jørgen Stubberud	explorer
occupation	Shep Meyers (October 5, 1936 - July 18, 2009) was an American pianist, composer, arranger and conductor.	Shep Meyers	pianist	composer
occupation	Melinda O'Neal is a conductor of choral music and choral-orchestral music.	Melinda O'Neal	conductor
occupation	Redell Olsen (born in 1971) is a British poet and academic.	Redell Olsen	poet
occupation	Charles David Allis (born March 22, 1951) is an American molecular biologist, and is currently the Joy and Jack Fishman Professor and Head of the Laboratory of Chromatin Biology and Epigenetics at The Rockefeller University.	Charles David Allis	molecular biologist
occupation	Carl Mitcham (born 1941) is a philosopher of technology.	Carl Mitcham	philosopher
occupation	Josh Linkner (born Joshua M. Linkner, July 28, 1970) is an entrepreneur, keynote speaker, and author.	Josh Linkner	entrepreneur
occupation	W Kulabindu Singh (born June 25, 1926) is an Indian politician from Manipur and is a member of the Janata Dal party.	W Kulabindu Singh	politician
occupation	Veer Pratap Singh is an Indian cricketer who plays first-class cricket for Bengal.	Veer Pratap Singh	cricketer
occupation	S. P. Muthukumaran was an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Pudukottai constituency.	S. P. Muthukumaran	politician
occupation	Paul Glastris is an American journalist and political columnist.	Paul Glastris	journalist
occupation	Henry C. Koch (March 20, 1841 -- May 19, 1910) was a German-American architect, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Henry C. Koch	architect
occupation	Michael Yellowlees (born 1959) is a former Scottish field hockey player who played for the Scotland national outdoor and indoor teams during the 1980s and early 1990s.	Michael Yellowlees	field hockey player
occupation	Adriano de Micheli (born June 20, 1975, in Genoa) is an Italian auto racing driver.	Adriano de Micheli	racing driver
occupation	Sean Andrew Faden (born July 23, 1973) is a computer graphics animator.	Sean Andrew Faden	animator
occupation	Raymond Arrieta (born March 26, 1965) is a Puerto Rican comedian, actor, singer and philanthropist.	Raymond Arrieta	actor
occupation	Kolmas, Josef (1982) Ferdinand Stoliczka (1838--1874) the life and work of the Czech explorer in India and high Asia.	Ferdinand Stoliczka	explorer
occupation	Tim Fain is an American violinist, perhaps best known for his performances in the movie Black Swan and his work with American composer Philip Glass.	Tim Fain	violinist
occupation	Ariel Gore (born June 25, 1970, in Carmel, California) is a journalist, memoirist, novelist, nonfiction author, and teacher.	Ariel Gore	novelist
occupation	Ali Abdoh (Alan Morgan) (Persian: علی عبده‎) was an Iranian boxer and founder of Persepolis Athletic and Cultural Club.	Ali Abdo	boxer
occupation	Liliana Mayo (born March 30, 1952) is a Peruvian psychologist and special education teacher.	Liliana Mayo	psychologist
occupation	Shane Endsley is an American trumpeter, drummer, and composer.	Shane Endsley	composer
occupation	Eliza Lanesford Cushing (October 19, 1794 -- May 4, 1886) was an American-Canadian dramatist, short story writer, and editor.	Eliza Lanesford Cushing	writer	editor
occupation	Nua Mailo Saoluaga (born ?) is an American Samoan politician.	Nua Mailo Saoluaga	politician
occupation	Paul Koering (born December 17, 1964) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate from Fort Ripley.	Paul Koering	politician
occupation	Berwick Kaler (born 1946) is a British actor most famous for playing the dame in York Theatre Royal's annual pantomime, which he also writes and directs.	Berwick Kaler	actor
occupation	José María Peralta Lagos (1873-1944), was a Salvadoran writer, military engineer, and politician.	José María Peralta Lagos	engineer
occupation	Saeed Jalili (Persian: سعید جلیلی‎‎; born September 1965) is an Iranian conservative politician and diplomat who was secretary of the Supreme National Security Council from 2007 to 2013.	Saeed Jalili	politician	diplomat
occupation	Tihon Konstantinov (August 13, 1898--1957) was a Moldavian SSR and Moldavian ASSR politician.	Tihon Konstantinov	politician
occupation	Ryuichi Kihara (木原 龍一 Kihara Ryūichi, born August 22, 1992) is a Japanese figure skater.	Ryuichi Kihara	figure skater
occupation	John Vance Cheney (December 29, 1848 in Groveland, New York -- May 1, 1922) was an American poet, essayist and librarian.	John Vance Cheney	librarian
occupation	William Reyna (born in San Cristóbal), better known by his stage name Sensato del Patio or simply Sensato, is a Dominican rapper from the Bronx borough of New York City.	Sensato del Patio	rapper
occupation	Cris Alexander (born Alan Smith; January 14, 1920 -- March 7, 2012) was an American actor, singer, dancer, designer, and photographer.	Cris Alexander	actor	photographer
occupation	Arthur Banfield (January 28, 1897 -- January 3, 1972) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Essex in the 1921 season.	Arthur Banfield	cricketer
occupation	Ria Ritchie (/riˈɑː/ ree-AH; born 24 September 1987) is an English singer-songwriter and recording artist.	Ria Ritchie	singer-songwriter
occupation	Max Sandvoss (born Stephen James Sandvoss; June 23, 1980) is an American former actor.	Max Sandvoss	actor
occupation	Sheri Fink is an American journalist who writes about health, medicine and science.	Sheri Fink	journalist
occupation	Joseph Aloys Schmittbaur (also Schmittbauer; November 8, 1718 - October 24, 1809) was a German composer, Kapellmeister, instrument maker and music teacher.	Joseph Aloys Schmittbaur	composer
occupation	Lorraine Pascale (born 17 November 1972) is a British former model and television cook, best known for selling almost one million books in the UK alone.	Lorraine Pascale	model
occupation	Joe Dietl is an American actor, writer, director and producer.	Joe Dietl	actor
occupation	Helen Kane (August 4, 1904 -- September 26, 1966) was an American popular singer; her signature song was ``I Wanna Be Loved By You''.	Helen Kane	singer
occupation	Athenodoros Cordylion (or Athenodorus, Ancient Greek: Αθηνόδωρος Κορδυλίων ; fl. early-mid 1st century BC) was a Stoic philosopher, born in Tarsus.	Athenodoros Cordylion	philosopher
occupation	Leroy F. Greene (January 31, 1918 -- September 29, 2002) was a Democratic politician in the State of California.	Leroy F. Greene	politician
occupation	Mahmuduzzaman is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who made his debut for Khulna Division in 2006/07, taking 6 wickets in his first season in the first class game.	Mahmuduzzaman	cricketer
occupation	Alfred Buckham began his career in photography in 1905 and joined the Royal Naval Air Service as a reconnaissance photographer in 1917.	Alfred Buckham	photographer
occupation	Roberto Amoroso (Italian pronunciation: (roˈbɛrto amoˈroːzo); 1911--1994) was an Italian screenwriter and film producer.	Roberto Amoroso	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	R. Slater (full name dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer.	R. Slater	cricketer
occupation	Prince Alexey Fyodorovich Orlov (19 October (O.S. 8 October) 1787 -- 21 May 1862) was a Russian diplomat, the natural son of Count Fyodor Grigoryevich.	Alexey Fyodorovich Orlov	diplomat
occupation	Rhett Reese is an American film producer, television producer and screenwriter.	Rhett Reese	screenwriter
occupation	Thomas Mellon Evans (September 8, 1910 -- July 17, 1997) was a financier who was one of the early corporate raiders in American business as well as a philanthropist and a prominent Thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder who won the 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes.	Thomas Mellon Evans	financier
occupation	John Speidell (fl. 1600--1634) was an English mathematician.	John Speidell	mathematician
occupation	Susannah Cahalan is an American journalist and author, known for writing her memoir, Brain on Fire, about her hospitalization with a rare auto-immune disease, anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis.	Susannah Cahalan	journalist
occupation	Tim Kent is an American painter represented by SLAG Gallery in New York.	Tim Kent	painter
occupation	Jacob Bitzer (January 16, 1865- ) was an American businessman, real estate agent, and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	Jacob Bitzer	politician
occupation	Franz Anton Schiefner (July 18, 1817 -- November 16, 1879) was a Baltic German linguist and tibetologist.	Franz Anton Schiefner	linguist
occupation	Aimee Bender (born June 28, 1969) is an American novelist and short story writer, known for her surreal plots and characters.	Aimee Bender	novelist	writer
occupation	Alan Gilmour is a playwright and librettist.	Alan Gilmour	librettist
occupation	Marilyn Price-Mitchell (born March 1, 1949) is an American psychologist, columnist and youth development expert.	Marilyn Price-Mitchell	psychologist
occupation	In 1985, Cazuza took part in Rock in Rio with Barão Vermelho (Red Baron), and around this time, Caetano Veloso claimed he was the greatest Brazilian poet of his generation.	Cazuza	poet
occupation	Franz Pacher (born April 28, 1919 in Prostřední Suchá, present-day Czech Republic) is an Austrian engineer and pioneer of modern tunneling, who is one of three men notable as the chief developers of the New Austrian Tunneling method.	Franz Pacher	engineer
occupation	Pranciškus Baltrus Šivickis (born September 30, 1882, in the Raseiniai region of central Lithuania--died October 12, 1968) was a Lithuanian zoologist who moved to the United States where he completed his education.	Pranciškus Baltrus Šivickis	zoologist
occupation	Neako Bailey (born April 23, 1986), better known by the stage name Neako is an American rapper, producer and songwriter.	Neako	rapper
occupation	Joe Seneca (January 14, 1919 -- August 15, 1996) was an American film and television actor who had a lengthy Hollywood career, portraying bit parts in many major films and television sitcoms spanning from the 1970s to the 1990s.	Joe Seneca	television actor
occupation	Doug Cotler is a Grammy Award-winning composer and an accomplished singer, songwriter and musician.	Doug Cotler	singer, songwriter
occupation	Quintus Aemilius Lepidus (possibly Quintus Aemilius Lepidus Barbula) (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman senator and military officer who was appointed Roman consul in 21 BC.	Quintus Aemilius Lepidus	Roman consul
occupation	J.D. Malone officially started his career as a singer/songwriter, getting involved with the local music scene of the Philadelphia area in the early 1990s.	J.D. Malone	singer
occupation	Mikkel Thorup (born 1965) is a Danish computer scientist jointly affiliated at AT&T Labs in Florham Park, New Jersey, USA and at Copenhagen University.	Mikkel Thorup	computer scientist
occupation	Sanjib Chandra Chattopadhyay (Bengali: সঞ্জীবচন্দ্র চট্টোপাধ্যায় Sanjeeb Chôndro Chôţţopaddhae) (27 June 1838 -- 8 April 1894) was a Bengali writer, poet and journalist.	Sanjib Chandra Chattopadhyay	writer
occupation	Henry Eichheim (January 3, 1870 -- August 22, 1942) was an American composer, conductor, violinist, organologist, and ethnomusicologist.	Henry Eichheim	composer	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Phyllis O'Donnell (born 1937) is an Australian surfer who became the first Women's World Surfing Champion.	Phyllis O'Donnell	surfer
occupation	Joshua Knobe is an experimental philosopher, whose work ranges across issues in philosophy of mind and action and ethics.	Joshua Knobe	philosopher
occupation	Silvia Moos is a biochemist and the founder of Centralab and Klik.	Silvia Moos	biochemist
occupation	James R. Powell is an American physicist notable -- together with Dr. Gordon Danby -- for his work on superconducting Maglev, for which he shared the Franklin Institute ``Medal 2000 for Engineering''.	James R. Powell	physicist
occupation	Petra Tierlich, born 25 Feb 1945, is an East German luger who competed in the 1960s.	Petra Tierlich	luger
occupation	Rory Uphold is a Canadian-American singer-songwriter and producer.	Rory Uphold	singer-songwriter
occupation	Carole J. Olshavsky, FAIA, an American architect.	Carole J. Olshavsky	architect
occupation	Alexis Kagame (May 15, 1912 -- December 2, 1981) was a Rwandan philosopher, linguist, historian, poet and Catholic priest.	Alexis Kagame	philosopher	historian
occupation	Liu Chao-shiuan (Chinese: 劉兆玄; pinyin: Liú Zhàoxuán; born May 10, 1943) is a Taiwanese educator and politician.	Liu Chao-shiuan	politician
occupation	Azad Bonni, MD, PhD is a Canadian and American neuroscientist of Kurdish origin.	Azad Bonni	neuroscientist
occupation	Matt Reaves (born May 31, 1984) is an American actor, producer, journalist and manager.	Matt Reaves	actor
occupation	Willa Kim (Korean:김월라; Hanja:金月羅) is an American costume designer for stage, dance, and film.	Willa Kim	costume designer
occupation	Frédéric Dorion (August 23, 1898 -- July 15, 1981) was a Quebec politician and chief justice.	Frédéric Dorion	politician
occupation	Andreas Stefanopoulos (Greek: Ανδρέας Στεφανόπουλος, 1860--1938) was a Greek politician.	Andreas Stefanopoulos	politician
occupation	Bailey De Young (née Buntain; September 16, 1989) is an American actress and dancer most well known for playing the characters Ginny Thompson on Bunheads and Lauren Cooper on Faking It.	Bailey De Young	dancer
occupation	John Brady Kiesling is a former U.S. diplomat and the author of ``Diplomacy Lessons:	Brady Kiesling	diplomat
occupation	Michel Després (born October 14, 1957 in Quebec City, Quebec) is an administrator, consultant and a former Quebec politician.	Michel Després	consultant	politician
occupation	Silas Wright, Jr. (May 24, 1795 -- August 27, 1847) was an American Democratic politician, a member of the Albany Regency.	Silas Wright	politician
occupation	Humphrey Waldock served as the British judge in the European Court of Human Rights from 1966 until 1974 and in the International Court of Justice from 1973 until 1981.	Humphrey Waldock	judge
occupation	Dr. Christine Adjobi is an Ivorian politician and physician.	Christine Adjobi	politician
occupation	Nadia Gamal (Arabic: نادية جمال‎) was an Egyptian dancer and actress.	Nadia Gamal	dancer
occupation	Noam Jenkins is a Canadian actor, voice actor, and television director.	Noam Jenkins	actor
occupation	Julian House is a graphic designer, a musician, and the co-owner of the Ghost Box record label.	Julian House	graphic designer
occupation	Shelley-Ann Brown (born March 15, 1980) was a Canadian bobsledder who has competed since 2006.	Shelley-Ann Brown	bobsledder
occupation	Bev Pegg is a UK vocalist, guitarist and comedian from the Black Country.	Bev Pegg	comedian
occupation	Mel Bartels (born 1954) is an amateur astronomer after whom the asteroid 17823 Bartels was named.	Mel Bartels	astronomer
occupation	Richard L. Samuels (born August 13, 1926 - died April 14, 2001 in Flossmoor) was a Cook County Circuit judge at the Sixth Municipal District Courthouse in Markham, Illinois for nearly 30 years.	Richard L. Samuels	judge
occupation	Josh Werner (born September 17, 1974) is an American bassist, producer and songwriter.	Josh Werner	songwriter
occupation	Ozil de Cadartz was a troubadour known for only one surviving canso, ``Assatz es dregz, pos jois no.m pot venir''.	Ozil de Cadartz	troubadour
occupation	Timofei Fedorovic Osipovsky (February 2, 1766 -- June 24, 1832) was a Russian mathematician, physicist, astronomer, and philosopher.	Timofei Fedorovic Osipovsky	mathematician
occupation	Jean-Louis Gergorin is a former French diplomat and former executive vice president of EADS -- the giant European aerospace company that controls Airbus.	Jean-Louis Gergorin	diplomat
occupation	Richard Teitelbaum (born May 19, 1939) is an American composer, keyboardist, and improvisor.	Richard Teitelbaum	composer
occupation	Mike Sacks is an American author, humor writer, and magazine editor based in New York City.	Mike Sacks	writer
occupation	Benjamin Kendall Emerson (December 20, 1843 -- April 7, 1932) was an American geologist and author.	Benjamin Kendall Emerson	geologist
occupation	Ally Burguieres (born November 21, 1982) is a New Orleans-based American visual artist and writer.	Ally Burguieres	artist
occupation	Milan Jurčo (born September 14, 1957 in Liptovský Mikuláš) was a Czechoslovak professional road bicycle racer.	Milan Jurčo	bicycle racer
occupation	Uladislau Herculano de Freitas Guimarães (Arroio Grande, November 25, 1865 - Rio de Janeiro, May 14, 1926) was a Brazilian politician and an advocate.	Uladislau Herculano de Freitas	politician
occupation	Jessica White (born June 21, 1984) is an American model and occasional actress.	Jessica White	model
occupation	Herbert Wernicke (March 24, 1946 -- April 16, 2002) was a German opera director and a set and costume designer.	Herbert Wernicke	director
occupation	Kim Chan (December 28, 1917 -- October 5, 2008), also known as Kim S. Chan, was a Chinese-American actor and producer.	Kim Chan	actor
occupation	Edgar Nelson Transeau (1875-1960) was an American botanist and phycologist who served as president of the Botanical Society of America and the Ecological Society of America.	Edgar Nelson Transeau	botanist
occupation	Ron Rose (born September 4, 1944 in Vancouver, Washington) is an American poker player from Dayton, Ohio, and a two time World Poker Tour (WPT) Champion with a World Series of Poker bracelet.	Ron Rose	poker player
occupation	François Poeydebasque was a rugby union player, who represented France.	François Poeydebasque	rugby union player
occupation	Carlos Sandoval Mendoza (born 1956, Mexico City) Is a Mexican/German freelance composer and multimedia artist mostly recognized for his work joining technology, nature and art.	Carlos Sandoval	composer
occupation	Paul Osborn (September 4, 1901 -- May 12, 1988) was an American playwright and screenwriter best known for writing the screen adaptation of East of Eden as well as South Pacific, The Yearling, The World of Suzie Wong and Sayonara.	Paul Osborn	screenwriter
occupation	Eoghan Grace is a rugby union player for Plymouth Albion.	Eoghan Grace	rugby union player
occupation	Mylon Watkins is a former boxer in the Junior middleweight division.	Mylon Watkins	boxer
occupation	Mike Moyle (born December 7, 1964) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Idaho House of Representatives since 1998 in the District 14 A seat.	Mike Moyle	politician
occupation	Cheng Wai (simplified Chinese: 郑慧; traditional Chinese: 鄭慧; pinyin: Zhèng Huì) is a Hong Kong classical pianist.	Cheng Wai	pianist
occupation	Tokuro Fujiwara (藤原 得郎 Fujiwara Tokurō), sometime credited as Professor F or Arthur King, is a Japanese video game designer, best known for creating Ghosts 'n Goblins and producing the Mega Man series.	Tokuro Fujiwara	game designer
occupation	Kimya Dawson (born November 17, 1972) is an American singer-songwriter, best known as a solo performer and as one half of The Moldy Peaches.	Kimya Dawson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tofig Gasimov Masim oglu (Azerbaijani: Tofiq Qasımov Məsim oğlu; born April 10, 1938) is a retired Azerbaijani politician and diplomat.	Tofig Gasimov	diplomat
occupation	Sebastiaan Verschuren (born 7 October 1988) is a Dutch competitive swimmer who specializes in short and middle-distance freestyle events.	Sebastiaan Verschuren	swimmer
occupation	Paul Rein (born Pauli Kaj Olavi Reinikainen, May 20, 1965) is a leading Swedish songwriter based in Stockholm.	Paul Rein	songwriter
occupation	Thomas Diflo, M.D., F.A.C.S. is a transplant surgeon and Professor of Surgery at Westchester Medical Center.	Thomas Diflo	surgeon
occupation	Józef Cyrankiewicz (ˈjuzɛf t͡sɨranˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ) (April 23, 1911 -- January 20, 1989) was a Polish Socialist and after 1948 Communist politician.	Józef Cyrankiewicz	politician
occupation	Robert Hermes, DVM, Ph.D.(born November 15, 1969 in Celle, Germany) is a veterinarian researcher at The Leibniz-Institute of Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin.	Robert Hermes	veterinarian
occupation	Karl Fürstner (June 7, 1848 - April 25, 1906) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist born in Strasburg, Uckermark.	Karl Fürstner	neurologist	psychiatrist
occupation	Paul Heussenstamm is a painter and lecturer from the United States.	Paul Heussenstamm	painter
occupation	Chetan Chandra (Kannada: ಚೇತನ್ ಚಂದ್ರ) (born 10 April) is an Indian film actor working in Kannada film industry.	Chetan Chandra	actor
occupation	Jade Anderson (born May 26, 1980) is a singer/songwriter living in Los Angeles.	Jade Anderson	singer
occupation	Peter Gellhorn (October 24, 1912 -- February 13, 2004) was a German conductor, composer, pianist and teacher who settled in London and made a career in Britain that lasted unbroken until his death.	Peter Gellhorn	conductor	composer
occupation	Eleni Vitali (Ελένη Βιτάλη) is a Greek popular singer and composer the last 30 years.	Eleni Vitali	singer
occupation	Brett McDermott is an English mixed martial artist and retired professional rugby league player who represented for Ireland, and at club level for all the Cumbrian clubs, in particular Barrow Raiders.	Brett McDermott	rugby league player
occupation	Karan Oberoi is an Indian television actor, anchor and singer, who acts in Hindi TV serials and TV commercials, and the TV series Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahin (2003--2006).	Karan Oberoi	actor	singer
occupation	Ken Billington (born October 29, 1946) is an American lighting designer.	Ken Billington	lighting designer
occupation	Lindsey Pollard is an animator from Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, now residing in Los Angeles, California.	Lindsey Pollard	animator
occupation	Osher Zilberstein (1888--1973), a noted Torah scholar, was a tenth generation rabbi from Mezritch, Wolyn.	Osher Zilberstein	rabbi
occupation	Chad Leonhardt (born February 19, 1980) is an American mixed martial artist who fought for Strikeforce and Bellator Fighting Championships.	Chad Leonhardt	mixed martial artist
occupation	Torsten Krol is an Australian writer resident in Queensland.	Torsten Krol	writer
occupation	Michelle Clark-Heard (born July 27, 1968) is the current head coach for the Western Kentucky University women's basketball team.	Michelle Clark-Heard	head coach
occupation	Charles D. Conover (March 21, 1881 -- July 27, 1937) was a Republican politician in the U.S. state of Ohio who was Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives 1915-1916.	Charles D. Conover	politician
occupation	Stuart Linder is a Beverly Hills, CA plastic surgeon best known for his appearances on several reality and news television shows.	Stuart Linder	plastic surgeon
occupation	John Dominis (June 27, 1921 -- December 30, 2013) was an American documentary photographer, war photographer and photojournalist.	John Dominis	photographer	war photographer	photojournalist
occupation	Carlton Moss (February 14, 1909 in Newark, New Jersey -- August 10, 1997) was an African-American screenwriter, actor and film director.	Carlton Moss	film director
occupation	Allen Munroe (March 10, 1819 -- October 6, 1884) was an American merchant, manufacturer, banker and politician from New York.	Allen Munroe	politician
occupation	Aris Pavlis (Greek:Αριστειδης Παυλης) (born February 23, 1959 in Athens) is a jazz-rock musician, songwriter, composer-arranger.	Aris Pavlis	songwriter	composer
occupation	Bernhard Eichhorn (1904--1980) was a German composer who produced a number of film scores.	Bernhard Eichhorn	composer
occupation	Norman McLeod Paterson, D.C.L., LL.D., K.G St. J. (August 3, 1883 -- August 10, 1983) was a Canadian businessman and politician.	Norman McLeod Paterson	politician
occupation	Antanas Škėma (Lithuanian pronunciation: (ɐnˈtaːnɐs ˈʂkʲeːmɐ); November 29, 1910 -- August 11, 1961) was a Lithuanian writer, stage actor and director.	Antanas Škėma	writer
occupation	Keça Kurd (1948) is a contemporary Kurdish writer, poet, linguist and translator.	Keça Kurd	writer	poet
occupation	John Leonard Riddell (February 20, 1807 -- October 7, 1865) was a science lecturer, botanist, geologist, medical doctor, chemist, microscopist, numismatist, politician, and science fiction author in the United States.	John Leonard Riddell	botanist
occupation	Hannah M. Jones is an artist and musician from Athens, Georgia.	Hannah M. Jones	artist
occupation	Alphonso Johnson (born February 2, 1951) is an American jazz bassist, who has been influential since the early 1970s.	Alphonso Johnson	bassist
occupation	Yves Chauvin (French: (ʃɔvɛ̃); October 10, 1930 -- January 27, 2015) was a French chemist and Nobel Prize laureate.	Yves Chauvin	chemist
occupation	Anthony Mandler (born April 18, 1973) is an American film director, music video director, television commercial director and photographer.	Anthony Mandler	photographer
occupation	Ludwig Merwart (September 1, 1913 -- July 13, 1979) was an influential Austrian painter and graphic artist.	Ludwig Merwart	painter
occupation	Dan Seymour (February 22, 1915 -- May 25, 1993) was an American character actor who frequently played villains in Warner Bros. films.	Dan Seymour	actor
occupation	Ana Bebić (Croatian pronunciation: (âna bɛ̌ːbit͡ɕ)) (born May 7, 1986) is Croatian singer, who participated in television shows such as Hrvatski Idol, Ne zaboravi stihove!, and finally Operacija trijumf, which was shown in five countries.	Ana Bebić	singer
occupation	Edmond Thibaudeau, also known as L'Orignal à Thibaudeau, was a local politician in Shawinigan, Quebec.	Edmond Thibaudeau	politician
occupation	Louis Baunard was a rector of the Catholic University of Lille and historian.	Louis Baunard	historian
occupation	Tina Tyus-Shaw (born in Griffin, Georgia) is a television news anchor and journalist at WSAV-TV in Savannah, Georgia.	Tina Tyus-Shaw	journalist
occupation	Gavin Baddeley is an ordained Reverend in the Church of Satan, and an experienced journalist who has worked for The Observer and Metal Hammer.	Gavin Baddeley	journalist
occupation	Andrew Form is an American film producer, best known for producing the films like Friday the 13th, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and The Purge.	Andrew Form	film producer
occupation	Thomas E. Crow (born 1948) is an American art historian and art critic who is best known for his influential writing on the role of art in modern society and culture.	Thomas E. Crow	art historian
occupation	Charles Urban (April 15, 1867 -- August 29, 1942) was an Anglo-American film producer and distributor, and one of the most significant figures in British cinema before the First World War.	Charles Urban	film producer
occupation	Carl Leverkus (November 5, 1804 - February 4, 1889) was a German chemist and chemistry entrepreneur.	Carl Leverkus	chemist	entrepreneur
occupation	Nick Cooper (born May 27, 1968) is an American drummer, record producer and composer best known for his work with Free Radicals.	Nick Cooper	record producer	composer
occupation	Kurt Steyrer (June 3, 1920--July 16, 2007) was an Austrian politician, health minister and Social Democratic Party presidential candidate.	Kurt Steyrer	politician
occupation	Farrah Yousef (Arabic: فرح يوسف‎) (born July 20, 1989) is a Syrian singer who was the first runner-up on the second season of the television program Arab Idol in 2013.	Farrah Yousef	singer
occupation	Sarah Hall Boardman (November 4, 1803 -- September 1, 1845), born in Alstead, New Hampshire, spent 20 years of her life in Burma (now known as Myanmar) doing missionary work.	Sarah Hall Boardman	missionary
occupation	Tsai Min-you (born 12 November 1986), better known as Evan Yo, is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter.	Evan Yo	singer
occupation	Anastazy Wilhelm Dreszer (April 28, 1845 -- June 2, 1907) was a Polish pianist, composer, and educator.	Anastazy Wilhelm Dreszer	composer
occupation	Jennifer Young (born August 21, 1969) is an American film producer and photographer.	Jennifer Young	photographer
occupation	Mysore Vasudevachar (Kannada: ಮೈಸೂರು ವಾಸುದೇವಾಚಾರ್) (May 28, 1865 -- May 17, 1961) was an Indian musician and composer of Carnatic music compositions who belonged to the direct line of Thyagaraja's disciples.	Mysore Vasudevachar	composer
occupation	Andy Hollingworth is a British photographer, renowned for his portraits of figures from the world of comedy.	Andy Hollingworth	photographer
occupation	Toni Press-Coffman is an American playwright, living and working in Tucson, Arizona.	Toni Press-Coffman	playwright
occupation	Dane Witherspoon (December 27, 1957 -- March 29, 2014) was an American actor who appeared in such daytime TV soap operas as Santa Barbara as Joe Perkins in 1984, and Capitol as Tyler McCandless from 1985 to 1986.	Dane Witherspoon	actor
occupation	Andi Gladwin (May 10, 1983) is a professional British close-up magician, lecturer, publisher and performer.	Andi Gladwin	magician	lecturer
occupation	Helen Baylor (born January 8, 1953 as Helen LaRue Lowe) is an American gospel singer.	Helen Baylor	singer
occupation	Elmer Figueroa Arce (born June 28, 1968), better known under the stage name Chayanne, is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer, actor and composer.	Chayanne	singer	actor
occupation	PT Walkley is a New York City-based singer/songwriter and composer for film and television.	PT Walkley	composer
occupation	Christy Sutherland (born April 9, 1976) is a Nashville country music and praise/worship singer-songwriter.	Christy Sutherland	singer-songwriter
occupation	Vilhelm Klein (1835--1913) was a Danish architect who adopted the Historicist approach, frequently emulating the so-called Rosenborg style and the Italian Renaissance style.	Vilhelm Klein	architect
occupation	Peter Hager II (November 20, 1784 -- January 26, 1854 in Hector, then in Tompkins Co., now in Schuyler County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	Peter Hager II	politician
occupation	Beenish Chohan (also spelled as Beenish Chauhan) (Urdu: بینش چوہان‎) is a Pakistani television actress and model.	Beenish Chohan	model
occupation	Vasilije Đerić (Serbian Cyrillic: Василије Ђерић, 1867--1931) was a Serbian historian and ethnographer.	Vasilije Đerić	historian
occupation	Julius Caesar Scaliger (/ˈskælədʒər/; April 23, 1484 -- October 21, 1558), or Giulio Cesare della Scala, was an Italian scholar and physician, who spent a major part of his career in France.	Julius Caesar Scaliger	physician
occupation	Hussein Naim is a Lebanese-Swiss biochemist and molecular virologist, known for his research in cell biology (membrane protein sorting and internalization) and virology (measles, SARS, HIV and Influenza).	Hussein Naim	biochemist
occupation	Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say) (born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress.	Beyoncé	singer, songwriter	record producer
occupation	Geronimo Bruni, an Italian painter and etcher known for battle scenes, was a pupil of Jacques Courtois.	Geronimo Bruni	painter
occupation	Coco Love Alcorn is a Canadian pop and jazz singer.	Coco Love Alcorn	singer
occupation	Margaret Martonosi is an American computer scientist noted for her research in computer architecture and mobile computing with a particular focus on power-efficiency.	Margaret Martonosi	computer scientist
occupation	Barbara Montgomery (born June 25, 1939) is an American stage, television and film actress, and theatrical and film director.	Barbara Montgomery	film director
occupation	Michael Breckenridge is an actor, musician, journalist and artist.	Michael Breckenridge	musician	journalist	artist
occupation	Bob Lind (born Robert Neale Lind, November 25, 1942, Baltimore, Maryland, United States) is an American folk music singer-songwriter, who helped define the 1960s folk rock movement in America and England.	Bob Lind	singer-songwriter
occupation	René Enríquez (November 24, 1933 -- March 23, 1990) was a Nicaraguan-born American television actor of the 1970s and 1980s.	René Enríquez	actor
occupation	Albert William Baker (May 4, 1918 -- March 6, 2008) was a Canadian aviator and aeronautical engineer.	Albert William Baker	engineer
occupation	Stephanie Doyon (born Maine) is a critically acclaimed American novelist best known for her award winning novel, The Greatest Man in Cedar Hole.	Stephanie Doyon	novelist
occupation	Mark Rappaport is an American independent/underground film director who has been working sporadically since the early 1970s.	Mark Rappaport	film director
occupation	Lala Hsu (traditional Chinese: 徐佳瑩; simplified Chinese: 徐佳莹; pinyin: Xú JiāYíng), born December 20, 1984, is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.	Lala Hsu	singer-songwriter
occupation	Yiin Chii-ming (Chinese: 尹啟銘; pinyin: Yǐn Qǐmíng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Yiin Chii-ming	politician
occupation	Deepraj Rana (also Deepraz Rana or Deep Raj Rana) is an Indian film and television actor.	Deepraj Rana	actor
occupation	Allyn Abbott Young (September 19, 1876 -- March 7, 1929) was a celebrated American economist.	Allyn Abbott Young	economist
occupation	Gary Stix is a journalist and author.	Gary Stix	journalist
occupation	Fred R. Archer (1889 -- April 27, 1963), was an American photographer who collaborated with Ansel Adams to create the Zone System.	Fred R. Archer	photographer
occupation	Sandra Yaxley, OAM is an cerebral palsy Australian Paralympic swimmer.	Sandra Yaxley	swimmer
occupation	Arthur S. Obermayer (July 17, 1931 -- January 10, 2016) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Arthur S. Obermayer	entrepreneur
occupation	Lewis J. Rachmil (July 3, 1908 -- February 19, 1984) was an American film producer and art director.	Lewis J. Rachmil	film producer
occupation	At the time of the exhibition, ``The Amasis Painter and His World'' (1985), 132 vases had been attributed to this artist.	Amasis Painter	artist
occupation	Sijue Wu (Chinese: 邬似珏; pinyin: Wū Sìjué; born May 15, 1964) is a Chinese-American mathematician who works as the Robert W. and Lynne H. Browne Professor of Mathematics at the University of Michigan.	Sijue Wu	mathematician
occupation	Surendra Kumar Kataria is a former basketball player from India who represented India at many international competitions.	Surendra Kumar Kataria	basketball player
occupation	Barry Primus (born February 16, 1938) is an American television and film actor, director, and writer.	Barry Primus	film actor
occupation	Caryl Mack Parker (born in Abilene, Texas) is an American americana music singer-songwriter.	Caryl Mack Parker	singer
occupation	Rauf Klasra (Urdu: رؤف کلاسرا‎) is a Pakistani journalist and Urdu language columnist.	Rauf Klasra	journalist
occupation	Tommy James (born Thomas Gregory Jackson; April 29, 1947) is an American pop-rock musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer, widely known as leader of the 1960s rock band Tommy James and the Shondells.	Tommy James	musician	singer
occupation	Michael Somos is an American mathematician, currently a visiting scholar in Georgetown University.	Michael Somos	mathematician
occupation	Mary Elizabeth Atkins (born in London) was an English painter of landscape, interiors and flowers.	Mary Elizabeth Atkins	painter
occupation	Tommy Engel (German pronunciation: (ˈtʰɔmɪː ˈʔɛŋəl), Colognian (Kölsch) pronunciation: (ˈtɔmɪˑˌʔɛŋɫ)) (born 1949) is a German musician and actor.	Tommy Engel	musician	actor
occupation	Roland J. Teske, S.J. (October 29, 1934 - May 18, 2015) was a Roman Catholic priest member of the Jesuit order.	Roland J. Teske	priest
occupation	Francisca Allard is the lead singer and a composer for the parang group known as Los Dinamicos.	Francisca Allard	singer
occupation	Penny Hammel (born March 24, 1962) is an American professional golfer, who joined the LPGA Tour in 1985.	Penny Hammel	golfer
occupation	Franklin D. Hale (March 7, 1854 -- April 21, 1940) was a Vermont politician who served as State Auditor and want on to a career as a diplomat.	Franklin D. Hale	politician	diplomat
occupation	John Herbers (born November 4, 1923) is an American journalist, author, editor, World War II veteran, and Pulitzer Prize finalist.	John Herbers	journalist
occupation	Arthur Hoops (1870 -- September 17, 1916) was an American stage and screen actor primarily associated with actor James K. Hackett.	Arthur Hoops	actor
occupation	Macario Schettino is a Mexican economist and political analyst, who calls himself ``dedicated to the analysis of reality.''	Macario Schettino	economist
occupation	Jorge Siddhartha Gonzalez Ibarra (Guadalajara, Jalisco), better known as Siddhartha, is a soloist rock musician based in Mexico.	Jorge Siddhartha Gonzalez	musician
occupation	Sir Edward Hastings (died 1603), was an English politician.	Edward Hastings (died 1603)	politician
occupation	Aven Nelson (March 24, 1859 - March 31, 1952) was an American botanist who specialized in plants of the Rocky Mountains.	Aven Nelson	botanist
occupation	Janet Elizabeth Dyer is an American author and business journalist.	Janet Elizabeth Dyer	journalist
occupation	Kris Steele (born July 11, 1973) is a United States politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma who served as state representative.	Kris Steele	politician
occupation	Eddie Kaye Thomas (born October 31, 1980) is an American film, television, and stage actor and comedian who rose to prominence as Paul Finch in the American Pie film series.	Eddie Kaye Thomas	actor
occupation	Irruppam Veedu Sasidaran, better known as I. V. Sasi, is an Indian film director who has made over 150 Indian films in various languages and genres.	I. V. Sasi	film director
occupation	Don Myrick (April 6, 1940 -- July 30, 1993) was a saxophonist.	Don Myrick	saxophonist
occupation	Richard Doell (1923 -- March 6, 2008) was a distinguished American scientist known for developing the time scale for geomagnetic reversals with Allan V. Cox and Brent Dalrymple.	Richard Doell	scientist
occupation	Maestro Gandolfino (Master Gandolfino) or Gandolfino d'Asti (documented last decade of 15th-century) was an Italian painter active in the Piedmont.	Maestro Gandolfino	painter
occupation	Frank Alexander Wetmore (June 18, 1886 -- December 7, 1978) was an American ornithologist and avian paleontologist.	Alexander Wetmore	ornithologist	paleontologist
occupation	Yasushi Akashi (明石 康 Akashi Yasushi, born January 19, 1931 in Hinai, Akita Prefecture) is a senior Japanese diplomat and United Nations administrator.	Yasushi Akashi	diplomat
occupation	Erin Popovich (born June 29, 1985) is a three-time United States Paralympic swimmer.	Erin Popovich	swimmer
occupation	Victor Parsonnet, MD, Professor Emeritus, (born August 29, 1924) is an American cardiac surgeon who contributed significantly to the evolution of cardiac pacemaking.	Victor Parsonnet	surgeon
occupation	Toby Price is an Australian off-road motorcycle racer.	Toby Price	motorcycle racer
occupation	Jonathan Kuck (born March 14, 1990) is an American speed skater and silver medalist in the Winter Olympics.	Jonathan Kuck	speed skater
occupation	Aenne Biermann (March 8, 1898 - January 14, 1933), born Anna Sibilla Sternfeld, was a German photographer of Ashkenazi origin.	Aenne Biermann	photographer
occupation	Wang Yiguang (Chinese: 王沂光; Pinyin: Wáng Yíguāng) is a modern Chinese painter notable for his Tibetan paintings of flying people, yaks and sheep.	Wang Yiguang	painter
occupation	Marianne Skarpnord (born 11 February 1986) is a Norwegian professional golfer playing on the Ladies European Tour and the LPGA Tour.	Marianne Skarpnord	golfer
occupation	Leverett B. Englesby (February 20, 1827 - January 27, 1881) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served as President of the Vermont State Senate.	Leverett B. Englesby	lawyer	politician
occupation	Mayavanathan (Tamil: மாயவநாதன்) was a Tamil poet and lyricist, one of the greatest but unidentified poet in Tamil Cinema.	Mayavanathan	poet
occupation	Phuntsok Wangyal Goranangpa (January 2, 1922 -- March 30, 2014), also known as Phuntsog Wangyal, Bapa Phuntsok Wangyal or Phünwang, was a Tibetan politician.	Phuntsok Wangyal	politician
occupation	John Reade (November 13, 1837 -- March 26, 1919) was an Irish-born Canadian journalist, essayist, and poet once considered ``the grand old man of Canadian letters.''	John Reade	journalist
occupation	Bernard MacLaverty is a writer of fiction.	Bernard MacLaverty	writer
occupation	Christopher Hoag is a composer best known for his original work on House.	Christopher Hoag	composer
occupation	Ray Farrell is a Northern Irish darts player who currently plays for the Professional Darts Corporation.	Ray Farrell	darts player
occupation	Timothy Tackett (born 1945) is an American historian specializing in the French Revolution and professor emeritus at the University of California.	Timothy Tackett	historian
occupation	Eledath Thaikkattu Narayanan Mooss a.k.a. E. T. Narayanan Mooss is an Ayurvedic physician and the Chief Physician and Managing Partner of Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala.	Eledath Thaikkattu Narayanan Mooss	physician
occupation	Orit Wolf (Hebrew: אורית וולף‎, born 1974 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli pianist and composer.	Orit Wolf	composer
occupation	Wolf Muser (born October 23, 1950) is a German actor most notably recognized for his role as Marcello Armonti on NBC's soap opera Santa Barbara.	Wolf Muser	actor
occupation	Joyce Currie Little is a computer scientist, engineer, and educator.	Joyce Currie Little	computer scientist
occupation	Soekarno M. Noor (Perfected Spelling: Sukarno M. Noor; September 13, 1931 -- July 26, 1986) was an Indonesian actor and film producer.	Sukarno M. Noor	actor
occupation	Julius Marshuetz Mayer (September 5, 1865 New York City -- November 20, 1925 New York City) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge.	Julius Marshuetz Mayer	lawyer	judge
occupation	William Myron Keck (April 27, 1880 -- August 20, 1964) was an American oil entrepreneur and philanthropist who is now best known for giving his name to the W. M. Keck Foundation, one of the largest philanthropic foundations in the United States.	William Myron Keck	entrepreneur
occupation	Mary Waters was a native of Dublin who was a prominent nurse in the United States forces during the American Revolutionary War.	Mary Waters	nurse
occupation	Ruth Rasnic (Hebrew: רות רזניק, b. 1932) is an Israeli social and political activist, a pioneer in the struggle against domestic violence in Israel, a writer and a translator.	Ruth Rasnic	writer	translator
occupation	Amit Trivedi is an Indian film composer, musician, singer and lyricist, working in Bollywood.	Amit Trivedi	composer
occupation	Shraga Weinberg (born March 25, 1966 in Petach Tiqva) is an Israeli wheelchair tennis player.	Shraga Weinberg	wheelchair tennis player
occupation	Madog ap Gwallter (fl c. 1250) was a medieval Welsh language poet.	Madog ap Gwallter	poet
occupation	Francis William Lawvere (/ˈlɔːvɪər/; born February 9, 1937) is a mathematician known for his work in category theory, topos theory and the philosophy of mathematics.	William Lawvere	mathematician
occupation	Ronald L. Baker (born June 30, 1937, in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American folklorist, historian, scholar of literature and onomastics, educator, and author.	Ronald L. Baker	historian
occupation	Oswald Helmuth Göhring (1889 - 1915?) was a German chemist who, with his teacher Kasimir Fajans, co-discovered the chemical element protactinium in 1913.	Oswald Helmuth Göhring	chemist
occupation	Pål Gunnar Mikkelsplass (born April 29, 1961) is a former Norwegian cross-country skier who competed from 1981 to 1997.	Pål Gunnar Mikkelsplass	cross-country skier
occupation	Mike Hoover is an American mountaineer, rock climber and cinematographer.	Mike Hoover	mountaineer
occupation	Simon Britton is an English record producer, songwriter and actor.	Simon Britton	record producer	songwriter	actor
occupation	Karen Cashman (born December 15, 1971) is an American short track speed skater.	Karen Cashman	short track speed skater
occupation	Goapele (pronounced /ˈɡwɑː.pə.leɪ/; born Goapele Mohlabane July 11, 1977), is an American soul and R&B singer-songwriter.	Goapele	singer-songwriter
occupation	Salu Hunkin-Finau, Ed.D, (born ?) is an American Samoan educator, politician, and academic administrator.	Salu Hunkin-Finau	politician
occupation	Abdiweli Mohamed Ali (Somali: Cabdiweli Maxamed Cali pronounced (ʕɑbdɪwɛli mɑħɑmɛd ʕɑli); Arabic: عبدالولي محمد علي‎; English pronunciation ), also known as Abdiweli Mohamed Ali Gas, is a Somali American economist, professor and politician.	Abdiweli Mohamed Ali	economist	politician
occupation	Michael Sucsy (born February 14, 1973) is a Golden Globe and Emmy Award winning film director, screenwriter, and producer.	Michael Sucsy	film director
occupation	Tucker Smallwood (born February 22, 1944) is an American actor, author and vocalist.	Tucker Smallwood	actor
occupation	Anthony Leeds (January 26, 1925 -- February 20, 1989) was an anthropologist best known for his work in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro and on urban-rural relations in Brazil.	Anthony Leeds	anthropologist
occupation	William Van Horn (born February 15, 1939) has been a Disney comics artist and writer since 1988.	William Van Horn	comics artist
occupation	Jerry Jaye (born October 19, 1937 in Manila, Arkansas) is an American country/rockabilly singer.	Jerry Jaye	singer
occupation	Sir John Beckett, 2nd Baronet, FRS (17 May 1775 -- 31 May 1847) was a British lawyer and Tory politician.	Sir John Beckett, 2nd Baronet	politician
occupation	Jolene Unsoeld (born December 3, 1931) is an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1989 to 1995.	Jolene Unsoeld	politician
occupation	Gunjan Bagla is an Indian-American author, blogger, businessman, and public speaker.	Gunjan Bagla	author
occupation	Harry Livingston French (November 21, 1871 -- January 16, 1928) was an American architect of the Beaux Arts style.	Harry Livingston French	architect
occupation	Victor Lupo Puiu (born February 1, 1979) is a Romanian professional boxer living and fighting out of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Victor Lupo Puiu	boxer
occupation	Theophanes of Byzantium (Greek: Θεόφανης; fl. 6th century) was a Byzantine historian.	Theophanes of Byzantium	historian
occupation	Lindsay McCaul Mattingly (born March 7, 1984 née, Pritchett in Abilene, Texas) is an American contemporary Christian singer-songwriter raised in Merritt Island, Florida.	Lindsay McCaul	singer
occupation	Prys Morgan FRHistS FSA FLSW (born 1937) is a Welsh historian.	Prys Morgan	historian
occupation	George T. Heery, FAIA RIBA FCMAA (born June 18, 1927) is an American architect and known for developing the concepts of Construction Program Management, Strategic Facilities Planning and the Bridging Method of project delivery.	George T. Heery	architect
occupation	Dan McCormack (born January 22, 1944 in Chicago, IL) is a photographer and professor at Marist College in NY, where he heads the photography program.	Dan McCormack	photographer
occupation	Quintus Mamilius Vitulus was a Roman politician of the third century BC. He was brother of Lucius Mamilius Vitulus, consul in 265 BC. According to tradition, his family, plebeian, was a native of the princely family of Tusculum.	Quintus Mamilius Vitulus	politician
occupation	Foster Brooks (May 11, 1912 -- December 20, 2001) was an American actor and comedian most famous for his portrayal of a lovable drunken man in nightclub performances and television programs.	Foster Brooks	actor
occupation	Cody Chupp (born March 17, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Wheeling Nailers of the ECHL.	Cody Chupp	ice hockey player
occupation	Edoardo Ballerini (born March 20, 1970) is an actor, writer, director and film producer.	Edoardo Ballerini	actor
occupation	Simon Lunceford (died c.1390), of Rye, Sussex and New Romney, Kent, was an English politician.	Simon Lunceford	politician
occupation	Taylor Gold (born November 17, 1993) is an American Olympian snowboarder.	Taylor Gold	snowboarder
occupation	Teemu Metso (born August 23, 1985) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with Kärpät in the SM-liiga during the 2010-11 season.	Teemu Metso	ice hockey player
occupation	Mykola Marchenko (20 Sept. 1943) - sculptor, a representative of realism in Ukrainian art of the 20th - 21st centuries.	Mykola Marchenko	sculptor
occupation	Jerry Hunt (November 30, 1943 in Waco, Texas -- November 27, 1993 in Canton, Texas) was an American composer who created works using live electronics partly controlled by his ritualistic performance techniques which were influenced by his interest in the occult.	Jerry Hunt	composer
occupation	Sinan Çetin (born March 1, 1953) is a Turkish actor, film director, and producer.	Sinan Çetin	film director
occupation	Joseph Curtis ``Joe'' Hennig (born October 1, 1979) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where he performs under the ring name Curtis Axel.	Curtis Axel	professional wrestler
occupation	Biswamoy Biswas (June 2, 1923 -- August 10, 1994) was an Indian ornithologist who was born in Calcutta, the son of a professor of Geology.	Biswamoy Biswas	ornithologist
occupation	Zhou Zhimian (Chinese: 周之冕), courtesy name as Fuqin, sobriquet as Shaogu, is a noted Chinese painter in Ming Dynasty.	Zhou Zhimian	painter
occupation	Vidkid Timo (born Timothy Paul Ritchie on April 21, 1968) is an award-winning American actor, award-nominated film writer, producer, and director of mostly, but not exclusively, adult and erotic films.	Vidkid Timo	actor
occupation	Veronica Varlow is a burlesque dancer, pin-up model, actress, producer, and performance artist based in Brooklyn, New York.	Veronica Varlow	dancer	model
occupation	Val McDermid, a Scottish crime writer has once said that ``Anne Holt is the latest crime writer to reveal how truly dark it gets in Scandinavia.	Anne Holt	writer
occupation	Carl Johannes With (December 11, 1877 -- June 16, 1923) was a Danish doctor and arachnologist, specialising in pseudoscorpions and mites.	Carl Johannes With	arachnologist
occupation	Lieutenant-Colonel Vincent Crane Richmond OBE B.Sc., A.R.C. F.R.Ae.S. (1893--1930) was an English engineer and airship designer.	Vincent Crane Richmond	engineer
occupation	The Affecter (or Affected Painter) was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active in Athens around 550 to 530 BCE.	Affecter	black-figure vase painter
occupation	Clarence Burton (May 10, 1882, in Fort Lyon, in Benton County, Missouri -- December 2, 1933, in Hollywood, California) was an American silent film actor.	Clarence Burton	actor
occupation	Robert Morris Montgomery (May 12, 1849 - June 27, 1920) was a Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court, and a judge of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.	Robert Morris Montgomery	judge
occupation	Xu Zhiyong (Chinese: 许志永; pinyin: Xǔ Zhìyǒng; born 1973) is a Chinese civil rights activist and formerly a lecturer at the Beijing University of Post and Telecommunications.	Xu Zhiyong	lecturer
occupation	Roy Heinrich, born Elroy Paul Heinrich, Jr., July 31, 1953, is a country music singer and songwriter born in Houston, Texas.	Roy Heinrich	singer and songwriter
occupation	Carl Gustav Berg-Jæger (31 December 1884 -- 1957) was a Norwegian journalist, actor, cultural director and Nazi collaborator.	Gustav Berg-Jæger	journalist	actor
occupation	Mazen al-Tumeizi (Arabic: مازن الطميزي‎ also transliterated Mazen Tumesi, c. 1978 -- September 12, 2004) was a Palestinian journalist, killed on-camera in Baghdad, Iraq by U.S. helicopter gunfire while covering the Haifa Street helicopter incident.	Mazen al-Tumeizi	journalist
occupation	Helen Bianchin (born 20 February in New Zealand) is a popular Australian writer of over 50 romance novels in Mills & Boon since 1975.	Helen Bianchin	writer
occupation	Jules Bonnot (October 14, 1876 -- April 28, 1912) was a French illegalist famous for his involvement in a criminal anarchist organization dubbed ``The Bonnot Gang'' by the French press.	Jules Bonnot	criminal
occupation	Dr Nenad Popović, Ph.D (born 1966), is a Serbian politician and businessman.	Nenad Popović	politician
occupation	Don Mancini (born January 25, 1963) is an American screenwriter, producer, and film director.	Don Mancini	screenwriter	film director
occupation	George Buza (born January 7, 1949) is an American-born Canadian actor who is best known for voicing Beast in the X-Men Animated Series.	George Buza	actor
occupation	Roger Honyton, of Goudhurst, Kent and Little Horsted, Sussex, was an English politician.	Roger Honyton	politician
occupation	Louise Ørnstedt (born March 23, 1985) was a Danish backstroke swimmer who competed at the 2000 and 2004 Olympics.	Louise Ørnstedt	swimmer
occupation	Ralph Lewin (born May 21, 1953) is a Swiss politician and the former president of the Cantonal Executive of the Canton of Basel-City since 2004.	Ralph Lewin	politician
occupation	Valentine Williams (born George Valentine Williams, 1883--1946) was a journalist and writer of popular fiction.	Valentine Williams	journalist
occupation	Larry Lisciotti (born Manchester, Connecticut, U.S.; died February 9, 2004) was an American professional pool player and notable road hustler, nicknamed ``the Prince of Pool''.	Larry Lisciotti	pool player
occupation	Zohar Sharon (Hebrew: זוהר שרון‎) is a blind Israeli golfer who has won titles in Israel as well as Europe.	Zohar Sharon	golfer
occupation	Linda Connor (born November 18, 1944) is an American photographer who photographs spiritual and exotic locations including India, Mexico, Thailand, Ireland, Peru, Nepal, photographs appear in a number of books, including Spiral Journey, a catalog of her exhibition at the Museum of Contemporary Photography in 1990.	Linda Connor	photographer
occupation	Roberto Font (October 21, 1904 -- June, 1981) was a Mexican film actor who settled and worked in Spain.	Roberto Font	actor
occupation	Les James was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League.	Les James	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Trish Kissiar-Knight is a former head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders volleyball team.	Trish Kissiar-Knight	head coach
occupation	Scymnus of Chios (Greek: Σκύμνος ὁ Xῖος; fl. c. 185 BC) was a Greek geographer.	Scymnus	geographer
occupation	Sangili Murugan is a Tamil film actor, script writer and producer.	Sangili Murugan	actor
occupation	Saint Natale is held to have escaped the massacre and to have become priest of the church which was newly dedicated to Evasius and in which his remains were sepulchred.	Evasius	priest
occupation	Dr. Abdelgelil Mostafa is an Egyptian cardiologist and a political activist.	Abdelgelil Mostafa	cardiologist	political activist
occupation	Alexandre Ramos Samuel, nickname Tande, (born March 20, 1970) is a former Brazilian volleyball player.	Tande	volleyball player
occupation	Willie Akins (April 10, 1939 -- October 2, 2015) was an African American jazz musician.	Willie Akins	musician
occupation	He has two sisters, Sarina and Silvia Campbell Quiroz, and one son, Federico Campbell Peña, who is also a writer and a journalist.	Federico Campbell	journalist
occupation	Dean Aspen is an English actor known for playing Duncan Button in Hollyoaks.	Dean Aspen	actor
occupation	Michelle Shaprow (SHAP-row) is an American singer and songwriter.	Michelle Shaprow	singer and songwriter
occupation	Kristián Kováč (born January 1, 1981) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga.	Kristián Kováč	ice hockey player
occupation	Sebastian Jacome, better known as Sebastian J., is a record producer, composer and songwriter who resides in Los Angeles, California.	Sebastian J.	composer
occupation	Jack Russell Weinstein is an American philosopher specializing in the history of philosophy, political philosophy, Adam Smith, and contemporary liberal theory.	Jack Russell Weinstein	philosopher
occupation	Sir Elias de Asshebournham (died after 1353) was an Irish judge who held the office of Lord Chief Justice of Ireland, and fought a long battle with his rival Thomas Louth to retain it.	Elias de Asshebournham	judge
occupation	Alexandre Hogue (February 22, 1898 -- July 22, 1994) was an American artist active during the 1930s through the 1960s.	Alexandre Hogue	artist
occupation	Joe Cheves (May 23, 1918 -- July 31, 2007) was an American professional golfer and co-founder of the American Golf Association.	Joe Cheves	golfer
occupation	Wah Wah Win Shwe wed Than Htut, an actor, in 1971.	Wah Wah Win Shwe	actor
occupation	Frank Wilkeson (March 8, 1848 -- April 22, 1913) was an American journalist, soldier, farmer and explorer.	Frank Wilkeson	explorer
occupation	Nicolas Rashevsky (November 9, 1899 -- January 16, 1972) was an American theoretical physicist who pioneered mathematical biology, and is also considered the father of mathematical biophysics and theoretical biology.	Nicolas Rashevsky	physicist
occupation	Hayden Christensen (born April 19, 1981) is a Canadian-American actor and producer.	Hayden Christensen	actor
occupation	Sridhar V. Sambhram (mostly credited as V. Sridhar) is an Indian film score and soundtrack composer and lyricist in the Kannada film industry.	V. Sridhar	composer
occupation	Marco Berlinghieri (fl. 1232--1255) was an Italian medieval miniature painter and book illuminator who executed an illuminated Bible, finished in 1250.	Marco Berlinghieri	painter	illuminator
occupation	Publius Valerius Cato (flourished 1st century BC) was a grammarian and poet of the Roman Republic.	Publius Valerius Cato	poet
occupation	José Álvaro Osorio Balvin (born May 7, 1985), known artistically as J Balvin, is a Colombian reggaeton singer.	J Balvin	singer
occupation	Arne Ragnar Enge is a Brazilian doctor, journalist, athlete and physical education teacher.	Arne Ragnar Enge	journalist
occupation	Johan Petter Johansson (December 12, 1853 -- August 25, 1943), sometimes known as JP, was a Swedish inventor and industrialist.	Johan Petter Johansson	inventor
occupation	Maxim Bouchard (born September 18, 1990) is a Canadian diver who competes for the national team.	Maxim Bouchard	diver
occupation	Nicolae Sulac (September 9, 1936, Sadâc -- April 8, 2003, Chişinău) was a musician from Moldova.	Nicolae Sulac	musician
occupation	Kate Pullinger is a Canadian novelist and author of digital fiction, lecturing at De Montfort University, England.	Kate Pullinger	novelist
occupation	Rocky Carson is an American professional racquetball player (born May 21, 1979).	Rocky Carson	racquetball player
occupation	Oscar Walker (March 18, 1854 -- May 20, 1889), was an American professional baseball player who played center field and at first base for five different teams in six seasons, from 1875 to 1885.	Oscar Walker	baseball player
occupation	Clarice Assad is a classical and jazz composer, arranger, pianist, and vocalist.	Clarice Assad	composer
occupation	Cameron Butterwick is a British actor best known for his role as 'Josh' on the Disney Channel UK series As the Bell Rings.	Cameron Butterwick	actor
occupation	Noemí Gerstein (1910 - 1996) was an Argentine sculptor, illustrator and plastic artist.	Noemí Gerstein	sculptor
occupation	William Dale Phillips was a chemist, nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopist, federal science policy advisor and member of the National Academy of Sciences.	William Dale Phillips	chemist	policy advisor
occupation	Marian Call (born February 24, 1982 in Gig Harbor, Washington), is an American singer-songwriter based in Juneau, Alaska.	Marian Call	singer-songwriter
occupation	John Sieg (February 3, 1903 -- October 15, 1942) was a railroad worker and journalist who publicized Nazi atrocities through the underground Communist press and fought against National Socialism in the German Resistance.	John Sieg	journalist
occupation	Robert Brown Young (April 1, 1854 - January 29, 1914) was a Canadian-born architect who designed buildings in California.	Robert Brown Young	architect
occupation	Mihai Codreanu (July 25, 1876 -- October 23, 1957) was a Romanian poet, particularly noted for his sonnets.	Mihai Codreanu	poet
occupation	Alexander Rives (June 17, 1806 -- September 17, 1885) was a Virginia lawyer, politician, and federal judge.	Alexander Rives	lawyer	judge
occupation	Livy Jeanne (raised in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian country music singer.	Livy Jeanne	singer
occupation	C. B. Embry Jr. (born July 29, 1941) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky Senate representing District 6.	C. B. Embry	politician
occupation	Paul Marino is a film director, producer, animator, voice actor, and author currently focused on machinima, the art of using engines from video games to create films.	Paul Marino	film director	animator
occupation	Bernie LaBarge (born March 11, 1953 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian guitarist, singer, and songwriter.	Bernie LaBarge	songwriter
occupation	Caleb Blood Smith (April 16, 1808 -- January 7, 1864) was an American journalist and politician, serving in the Cabinet of Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War.	Caleb Blood Smith	politician
occupation	Rose Jean Coulter is a former unionist politician in Northern Ireland.	Jean Coulter	politician
occupation	Miss Pooja (born 4 December 1979 as Gurinder Kaur Kainth) is an Indian singer and actress.	Miss Pooja	singer
occupation	Claudio Sillero-Zubiri was born in Argentina and is a British zoologist.	Claudio Sillero-Zubiri	zoologist
occupation	Federico Degli Esposti (born June 2, 1980 in Bologna) is an Italian pairs figure skater and roller skater.	Federico Degli Esposti	figure skater
occupation	Mathias Klenske (born 25 October 1983) is a Danish actor and voice actor who is best known for his role as Adam in the film Frække Frida og de frygtløse spioner - an adaption based on a series of books by Lykke Nielsen.	Mathias Klenske	actor
occupation	Paul Cheung Kwok Wing (simplified Chinese: 张国荣; traditional Chinese: 張國榮), a Chinese entrepreneur, is the founder and CEO of Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited in Hong Kong.	Paul Cheung Kwok Wing	entrepreneur
occupation	Anil Yadav is a North Indian actor who has notably portrayed the character of Demon king Ravana in the ``Jai Hanuman'' teleserial directed by Sanjay Khan in the mid-1990s.	Anil Yadav	actor
occupation	Per Kristian Hunder (born 28 April 1989) is a Norwegian freestyle skier.	Per Kristian Hunder	freestyle skier
occupation	John Chandler (February 1, 1762 -- September 25, 1841) was an American politician and soldier of Maine.	John Chandler	politician
occupation	James McCosh (April 1, 1811 -- November 16, 1894) was a prominent philosopher of the Scottish School of Common Sense.	James McCosh	philosopher
occupation	Alethea Kontis (born January 11, 1976) is an American writer of picture books and speculative fiction, primarily for children.	Alethea Kontis	writer
occupation	Paolo Veneziano, also Veneziano Paolo or Paolo da Venezia (born before 1333, died after 1358) was a medieval painter from Venice.	Paolo Veneziano	painter
occupation	Kevin Shum (born July 3, 1997) is an American figure skater.	Kevin Shum	figure skater
occupation	Trad Hamadeh is a Shia Lebanese politician and was one of Hezbollah's two representatives in the Lebanese Prime Minister of Fouad Siniora's cabinet.	Trad Hamadeh	politician
occupation	Robert Warington FRS (1807-1867) was an English chemist considered the driving force behind the creation of the world's first enduring chemistry society, The Chemical Society of London, which later became the Royal Society of Chemistry.	Robert Warington	chemist
occupation	The Master of the Saint Lambrecht Votive Altarpiece was an Austrian painter active between about 1410 and 1440.	Master of the Saint Lambrecht Votive Altarpiece	painter
occupation	Leon Klatzkin (1914--1992) was an American composer notable for his work in television.	Leon Klatzkin	composer
occupation	Moorkoth Kumaran (1874--1941) was a teacher and a prominent short story writer in Malayalam.	Moorkoth Kumaran	writer
occupation	Jagori Tanna (born Andrew Koshowski, in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian musician.	Jagori Tanna	musician
occupation	Charles Minshall Jessop (1861 -- March 9, 1939) was a mathematician at the University of Durham working in algebraic geometry.	Charles Minshall Jessop	mathematician
occupation	Guido Karl Anton List, better known as Guido von List (October 5, 1848 -- May 17, 1919) was an Austrian occultist, journalist, playwright, and novelist.	Guido von List	journalist
occupation	Mariano Iberico Rodríguez (* Cajamarca, 1892 - died Lima, 1974) was a Peruvian philosopher.	Mariano Iberico Rodríguez	philosopher
occupation	Sandra Mihanovich (born April 24, 1957) is an Argentine singer, musician, and composer of Rock, Blues, and Tango rhythms.	Sandra Mihanovich	singer	composer
occupation	William Augustus Hall (October 15, 1815 -- December 15, 1888) was an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives.	William Augustus Hall	politician
occupation	Scott Spaven is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Doncaster in the Championship.	Scott Spaven	rugby league player
occupation	Thomas J. Smrt is an American inventor, businessman and entrepreneur who is best known as the inventor of the upside-down aerosol spray paint can.	Thomas J. Smrt	entrepreneur
occupation	Mary McSorley is a former Irish nationalist politician.	Mary McSorley	politician
occupation	Pedro Regas (April 18, 1897 -- August 10, 1974) was born in Sparta, Greece and was the brother of actor George Regas.	Pedro Regas	actor
occupation	Lucky Peterson (born Judge Kenneth Peterson, December 13, 1964, Buffalo, New York) is an American musician who plays contemporary blues, fusing soul, R&B, gospel and rock and roll.	Lucky Peterson	musician
occupation	Loveland Munson (July 21, 1843 -- March 24, 1921) was a Vermont attorney, politician and judge who served as President of the Vermont State Senate and Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court.	Loveland Munson	politician
occupation	Gilbert Emery (June 11, 1875 - October 28, 1945) was the stage name of Gilbert Emery Bensley Pottle, an American actor who appeared in over 80 movies from 1921 to his death in 1945.	Gilbert Emery	actor
occupation	Louis Marshall (December 14, 1856 -- September 11, 1929) was an American corporate, constitutional and civil rights lawyer as well as a mediator and Jewish community leader who worked to secure religious, political, and cultural freedom for all minority groups.	Louis Marshall	lawyer
occupation	Kenneth C. Dahlberg is an American engineer and corporate executive.	Kenneth C. Dahlberg	engineer
occupation	Siegfried Wolff is a now-retired Degussa chemist noted for first recognizing the potential of using silica in tire treads to reduce rolling resistance.	Siegfried Wolff	chemist
occupation	Jon Bruning (born April 30, 1969) is an American politician who served as the 31st Attorney General of the state of Nebraska from 2003 to 2015.	Jon Bruning	politician
occupation	Jacques Larocque is a Canadian saxophonist, arranger, music educator, and university administrator.	Jacques Larocque	saxophonist
occupation	Benjamin Carr (September 12, 1768 -- May 24, 1831) was an American composer, singer, teacher, and music publisher.	Benjamin Carr	composer	singer	publisher
occupation	Syed Asif Masood Shah (Urdu: آصف مسعود شاہ‎; born January 23, 1946, in Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 16 Tests and 7 ODIs from 1969 to 1977.	Asif Masood	cricketer
occupation	Jeff Vande Zande is an American writer who is best known for his novel called American Poet which won him the Stuart and Vernice Gross Literature Award.	Jeff Vande Zande	writer
occupation	Hendrik Geldenhuys (date of birth March 21, 1983) is a Namibian cricketer.	Hendrik Geldenhuys	cricketer
occupation	Gay Courter (born October 1, 1944) is an American film writer, author, and novelist.	Gay Courter	novelist
occupation	Tony Trujillo (born August 23, 1982) is an American professional skateboarder and musician.	Tony Trujillo	skateboarder
occupation	Josef Hopmann (December 22, 1890 -- October 11, 1975) was a German astronomer (also see List of German astronomers).	Josef Hopmann	astronomer
occupation	Nicola Conte is an Italian DJ, producer, guitarist, and bandleader, known initially for introducing an innovative style of acid jazz that incorporates bossa nova themes, melodies drawn from Italian film scores of the 1960s, easy listening themes, and traditional Indian music.	Nicola Conte	guitarist
occupation	Jon Micah Sumrall (born October 13, 1980), is the lead vocalist of the Christian rock band Kutless.	Jon Micah Sumrall	lead vocalist
occupation	Ned Hender was an Australian rules footballer from South Australia.	Ned Hender	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Karl Thomas Stenström (born January 19, 1988), is a Swedish artist, singer and songwriter.	Thomas Stenström	songwriter
occupation	Mark Solonin (born May 29, 1958, in Kuybyshev, USSR) is a Russian historian of World War II, an aviation engineer by training.	Mark Solonin	historian
occupation	Aaron E. Miller, M.D. is an American neurologist, the first Chairman of the Multiple Sclerosis section of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN) and recognized as a multiple sclerosis clinician.	Aaron E. Miller	neurologist
occupation	Hassan Bubacar Jallow (born 1950) is a Gambian lawyer, politician, and jurist and has been the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) since 2003.	Hassan Bubacar Jallow	politician
occupation	Cory Harrower (born July 20, 1989) is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player.	Cory Harrower	basketball player
occupation	Ryan Marks is the men's basketball coach at the University of St. Francis, and the former head coach of the Texas-Pan American Broncos men's basketball team.	Ryan Marks	basketball coach
occupation	Samantha Saint (born June 8, 1987) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress, model and Penthouse Pet of the Month for October 2012.	Samantha Saint	model
occupation	Sung Won Sohn (born 1944) is a Korean American economist, noted for his skill in economic forecasting.	Sung Won Sohn	economist
occupation	Donfeld (July 3, 1934 -- February 3, 2007) was an American costume designer who was perhaps best known for his work on films such as Spaceballs, Prizzi's Honor and The Great Race.	Donfeld	costume designer
occupation	James Lee Barrett (November 19, 1929 -- October 15, 1989) was an American producer, screenwriter, and writer.	James Lee Barrett	screenwriter
occupation	Joanna Connor (born August 31, 1962) is an American Chicago-based blues singer, songwriter, and a virtuoso guitarist.	Joanna Connor	singer
occupation	Edon Molla;( born March 8, 1994) is an Albanian American basketball player who currently plays for St. Francis College of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).	Edon Molla	basketball player
occupation	Carl Steinfort (born 1 April 1977) is an Australian rules footballer who played for both the Geelong (1996--2000) and Collingwood (2001--2002) football clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Carl Steinfort	Australian rules footballer
occupation	J. Chandulal Jain was a popular Kannada film director and producer of almost 40 films, notably, Thaaye Devaru, Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu, Tabbaliyu Neenade Magane, Bhakta Siriyala, and many more.	Chandulal Jain	film director
occupation	John Statz is a folksinger/singer-songwriter, currently residing in Denver, Colorado, though he is originally from Wisconsin.	John Statz	songwriter
occupation	Moses Billings (January 15, 1809 -- August 14, 1884) was an American painter and photographer known mainly for his portraits.	Moses Billings	painter
occupation	Morna Edmundson is a Canadian choral conductor.	Morna Edmundson	conductor
occupation	Erdoğan Toprak (born 1961) is a Turkish politician and businessman from the Republican People's Party (CHP), who has served as the Member of Parliament for İstanbul's third electoral district since 2011.	Erdoğan Toprak	politician
occupation	Nathan Chan (born 1993) is a Chinese-American cellist from Hillsborough, CA.	Nathan Chan	cellist
occupation	Walter Wink (May 21, 1935 -- May 10, 2012) was an American biblical scholar, theologian, and activist who was an important figure in Progressive Christianity.	Walter Wink	theologian
occupation	Johann Werlin (died ca. 1680) was a German Baroque composer.	Johann Werlin	composer
occupation	Greg Walloch (born July 8, 1970 in San Bernardino, California) is an American comedian, actor, author, and monologist.	Greg Walloch	actor
occupation	Olivier Sedra is a public address announcer for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association.	Olivier Sedra	announcer
occupation	Samuel Collings (fl. 1780--1790?) was a British painter and caricaturist of 18th century.	Samuel Collings	painter
occupation	Wayne Bloom (born March 22, 1958) is an American retired professional wrestler.	Wayne Bloom	professional wrestler
occupation	Thomas Danneberg (born June 2, 1942) is a German actor and voice-actor.	Thomas Danneberg	actor	voice-actor
occupation	Johann Nepomuk Rust (April 5, 1775 -- October 9, 1840) was a surgeon and military physician born at Jánský Vrh, Javorník, Austrian Silesia (today in the Czech Republic).	Johann Nepomuk Rust	military physician
occupation	Hardo Aasmäe (February 11, 1951 -- December 29, 2014) was an Estonian geographer, entrepreneur and politician.	Hardo Aasmäe	geographer	politician
occupation	Conor McPhillips (Irish name: Conchobhar MacPhilib ; born 9 February 1981) is a former Irish rugby union player.	Conor McPhillips	rugby union player
occupation	Coroebus of Elis, commonly spelled Koroibos (Greek: Κόροιβος Ἠλεῖος) was a humble Greek cook, baker and athlete from Elis, who won the stadion race in the first recorded Ancient Olympic Games in 776 BC.	Coroebus of Elis	baker
occupation	Aaron of Canterbury was an English rabbi and halakhic exegete, mentioned in Minhat Yehudah (``The Offering of Judah'') by Judah ben Eliezer on Deuteronomy xxvi.2, in association with Rashi and Rabbi Jacob of Orleans, and thus, seemingly, of the twelfth century.	Aaron of Canterbury	rabbi
occupation	In 1873, Henry Withy proceeded to Govan, to the historic shipyard of Robert Napier (engineer), afterwards putting in some time with the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company.	Henry Withy	engineer
occupation	Anton Hansen (1891--1960) was a Danish cartoonist and painter.	Anton Hansen	cartoonist	painter
occupation	James Alan Shelton (November 3, 1960 -- June 3, 2014) was an American bluegrass guitarist.	James Alan Shelton	guitarist
occupation	André-Philippe Gagnon (born December 17, 1962 in Loretteville, Quebec) is a Canadian comedian and impressionist.	André-Philippe Gagnon	impressionist
occupation	Ewan Dobson is a Canadian fingerstyle guitarist and Candyrat Records recording artist.	Ewan Dobson	guitarist
occupation	Betsy Ancker-Johnson (born April 29, 1927) is an American plasma physicist.	Betsy Ancker-Johnson	physicist
occupation	Elmer Ferguson (February 25, 1885 -- April 26, 1972) was a Canadian sports journalist.	Elmer Ferguson	journalist
occupation	Charles Frankel (December 13, 1917 -- May 10, 1979) was an American philosopher, Assistant U.S. Secretary of State, professor and founding director of the National Humanities Center.	Charles Frankel	philosopher
occupation	Gülben Ergen (pronounced (ˈɟylben ˈeɾɡen); born August 25, 1972), also known as Gülben Ergen Çelik, is a Turkish singer and occasional actress.	Gülben Ergen	singer
occupation	Richard B. Wathen (June 26, 1917 -- March 14, 2001) was an American (Indiana) politician, journalist, and author.	Richard B. Wathen	politician
occupation	Antonio Pontarelli (born April 1, 1991), is an American singer-songwriter and rock violinist.	Antonio Pontarelli	singer
occupation	Tony Doogan is a Scottish record producer who runs Castle of Doom Studios in Glasgow.	Tony Doogan	record producer
occupation	Peter G. Klein is an American Austrian economist who studies managerial and organizational issues.	Peter G. Klein	economist
occupation	Judith Skillman (born 1954) is an award-winning contemporary northwest American poet and the author of fifteen books of verse.	Judith Skillman	poet
occupation	Exili was an Italian chemist and poisoner in the 17th century.	Exili	chemist
occupation	Diana Vincent (born in 1958 in Trenton, New Jersey) is an American jewelry designer and businesswoman.	Diana Vincent	jewelry designer
occupation	``Paste Magazine'', Holly George Warren, 2004: ``Four years removed from the release of her acclaimed major label debut, 'Carnival Love', singer/songwriter Amy Correia returns with 'Lakeville'.	Amy Correia	singer
occupation	Bruno Belvaux is a Belgian author, director and actor.	Bruno Belvaux	actor
occupation	Michael Gulezian is an American composer and Fingerstyle guitarist.	Michael Gulezian	guitarist
occupation	Aaron Douglas (May 26, 1899 -- February 3, 1979) was an African-American painter, illustrator and arts educator.	Aaron Douglas	painter
occupation	Larry Wayne Clark (?-May 30, 2013) was a Canadian songwriter, producer, and journalist best known for co-writing Lee Greenwood's Between A Rock And A Heartache, The Statler Brothers'' To Make A Long Story Short and Buddy Jewell's Addicted To The Rain.	Larry Wayne Clark	journalist
occupation	Christina Goh is a French singer, songwriter and poet.	Christina Goh	singer	poet
occupation	Harriet Chalmers Adams (October 22, 1875 -- July 17, 1937) was an American explorer, writer and photographer.	Harriet Chalmers Adams	explorer
occupation	Mazhamangalam Narayanan Namboodiri was a scholar, poet, astrologer and an author who lived in Peruvanam, Cherpu in Thrissur District, Kerala.	Mazhamangalam Narayanan Namboodiri	poet	astrologer
occupation	Jarunee Sannok (Thai: จารุณี สารนอก) is a Thai beach volleyball player.	Jarunee Sannok	volleyball player
occupation	Giorgi Maskharashvili (გიორგი მასხარაშვილი; born on October 18, 1977 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian film, Television actor, Film director and artist.	Giorgi Maskharashvili	actor
occupation	Mahmadruzi Iskandarov (Tajik: Маҳмадрузи Искандаров, Persian: محمدروز اسکندراف‎; born 3 May 1954) is a Tajik opposition politician and the chairman of the Democratic Party of Tajikistan.	Mahmadruzi Iskandarov	politician
occupation	Stet Howland (born Aug. 14, 1960) is an American professional drummer from Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States.	Stet Howland	drummer
occupation	Peter Murnoy was a nationalist politician and political activist in Northern Ireland.	Peter Murnoy	politician
occupation	Ed Cash (born August 6, 1971) is a producer, songwriter, engineer, and multi-instrumentalist.	Ed Cash	songwriter
occupation	Alonzo de Barcena (also called de Barzana) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary and linguist.	Alonzo de Barcena	missionary	linguist
occupation	Mark Maremont is an American business journalist with the Wall Street Journal.	Mark Maremont	journalist
occupation	Sara Groves (born Sara Lee Colbaugh, September 10, 1972) is an American contemporary Christian singer, record producer, and author.	Sara Groves	singer
occupation	Ciara Whelan is an Irish television presenter who is best known for fronting TV3's prime-time travel series The Holiday Show.	Ciara Whelan	television presenter
occupation	Poj Arnon (Thai: พจน์ อานนท์) is a Thai film director.	Poj Arnon	film director
occupation	Knox Martin (born February 12, 1923) is an American painter, sculptor and muralist.	Knox Martin	painter	sculptor
occupation	Frederick William Rowe (September 28, 1912 -- June 20, 1994) was a Canadian politician and Senator.	Frederick William Rowe	politician
occupation	Serge Fontaine (born September 17, 1947) is a Canadian politician in the province Quebec.	Serge Fontaine	politician
occupation	Cidny Bullens (born Cindy Bullens March 21, 1955) is an American singer-songwriter who grew up in Massachusetts.	Cidny Bullens	singer	songwriter
occupation	Maciej Kalenkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmat͡ɕɛj kalɛnˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ); 1906--1944; nom de guerre Kotwicz) was a Polish engineer and military officer, a podpułkownik of the Polish Army.	Maciej Kalenkiewicz	officer
occupation	Mary Lu Zahalan is a Canadian rock singer and actress.	Mary Lu Zahalan	singer
occupation	Bob Nanna (born June 14, 1975) is an American musician best known as the singer and guitarist for the bands Braid and Hey Mercedes.	Bob Nanna	singer
occupation	Jody Chiang or Jiang Hui (Chinese: 江蕙; pinyin: Jiāng Huì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kang Hūi), born Jiang Shuhui (江淑惠), is a Taiwanese popular singer.	Jody Chiang	singer
occupation	Shalini Kapoor Sagar is an Indian actress and theatre actor.	Shalini Kapoor Sagar	actor
occupation	Alberto Inocente Álvarez Cabrera (October 28, 1905 -- February 6, 1985) was a Cuban lawyer, diplomat, and politician.	Alberto Inocente Álvarez	diplomat	politician
occupation	Blake Young-Fountain (born Sept 13, 1981) is an American actor, model, and producer.	Blake Young-Fountain	actor
occupation	Janez Zorko (born 1937 in Podgorje ob Sevnični) is a Slovenian sculptor and mountain climber.	Janez Zorko	sculptor
occupation	Juan Manuel Blanes (June 8, 1830 -- April 15, 1901) was a noted Uruguayan painter of the Realist school.	Juan Manuel Blanes	painter
occupation	Peter Herdic (1824--1888) was a lumber baron, entrepreneur, inventor, politician, and philanthropist in Victorian era Williamsport, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Peter Herdic	entrepreneur	politician
occupation	On June 1, 2007 it became public knowledge that a Republican activist, lawyer Dana Jill Simpson of Rainsville, Alabama, filed a sworn statement suggesting Leura Canary was directed to use her office for political purposes.	Leura Canary	lawyer
occupation	Henry Luke Bolley (February 1, 1865 -- November 10, 1956) was an American botanist and plant pathologist known for his work that led to the control or eradication of several major crop diseases.	Henry Luke Bolley	botanist
occupation	John Davis Paris (1809 -- 1892) was an American Christian missionary to the island of Hawaii.	John Davis Paris	missionary
occupation	Chris Brokaw (born August 1, 1964) is an American musician, mostly known for his work with the bands Come and Codeine, in addition to his many collaborative projects and original soundtracks.	Chris Brokaw	musician
occupation	Carlotta Ferrari (27 January 1837 -- 23 November 1907) was an Italian composer noted for opera.	Carlotta Ferrari	composer
occupation	Cleo Virginia Andrews (June 6, 1923 -- December 19, 1986), better known as V. C. Andrews or Virginia C. Andrews, was an American novelist.	V. C. Andrews	novelist
occupation	Rodrigo de la Rosa is a Mexican actor, best known for a list of telenovas.	Rodrigo de la Rosa	actor
occupation	Octavius Mathias (27 February 1805 -- 18 June 1864) was a pioneering Anglican priest in New Zealand in the mid-nineteenth century.	Octavius Mathias	priest
occupation	Khachig Oskanian was a journalist and writer of The New York Herald newspaper and is one of the first Armenian settlers to the United States.	Khachig Oskanian	journalist
occupation	Robyn Thurman, writing under the name Rob Thurman, is a New York Times Best Selling American novelist.	Rob Thurman	novelist
occupation	Saeed Naqvi is senior Indian journalist, television commentator, interviewer.	Saeed Naqvi	journalist
occupation	Félix Geoffrion, PC (October 3, 1832 -- August 7, 1894) was a Canadian notary and politician.	Félix Geoffrion	politician
occupation	Mario Maccaferri (1900-1993) was an Italian luthier, classical guitarist, businessman, and inventor.	Mario Maccaferri	luthier	guitarist
occupation	Dick Waterman (born July 14, 1935, Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States) is an American writer, promoter and photographer, who has been influential in the development and recording of the blues since the 1960s.	Dick Waterman	photographer
occupation	Stanley Price (December 31, 1892 -- July 13, 1955) was an American film supporting actor who appeared in over 200 films between 1922 and 1956.	Stanley Price	actor
occupation	Irwin Hoffman (born November 26, 1924) is an American conductor, born in New York.	Irwin Hoffman	conductor
occupation	Anders Henriksson i Vinstorp (1870-?) was a Swedish politician.	Anders Henriksson i Vinstorp	politician
occupation	Constantin Nour (June 13, 1906 or June 15, 1907, Tiraspol - November 17, 1986) was a Romanian champion middleweight boxer and national team trainer.	Constantin Nour	boxer
occupation	Christopher Charles Benninger is an American-Indian architect and planner.	Christopher Charles Benninger	architect
occupation	Curt Malawsky (b. May 10, 1970 in Coquitlam, British Columbia) is a former box lacrosse player and currently the Assistant General Manager and Head Coach of the Calgary Roughnecks of the National Lacrosse League.	Curt Malawsky	lacrosse player
occupation	Adolf Fritz, generally called Dr. Fritz (Munich, ? -- Estonia, 1918), was a hypothetical German surgeon whose spirit has allegedly been channeled by several Brazilian psychic surgeons, starting with Zé Arigó in the 1950s and continuing up to the present.	Dr. Fritz	surgeon
occupation	Erik Palladino (born May 10, 1968) is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Dr. Dave Malucci in the NBC medical drama ER. He starred in the critically praised FX war drama Over There.	Erik Palladino	actor
occupation	Frank Marshall Davis (December 31, 1905 -- July 26, 1987) was an American journalist, poet, political and labor movement activist, and businessman.	Frank Marshall Davis	journalist	poet
occupation	Lamont Jody Hawkins (born October 11, 1970), better known as U-God (short for Universal God), is an American rapper and member of the hip hop collective, Wu-Tang Clan.	U-God	rapper
occupation	Harriette Cole, is a life stylist, author, nationally syndicated advice columnist, motivational speaker, media trainer, magazine editor, lifestyle writer, wife and mother.	Harriette Cole	writer
occupation	Sengiin Erdene (Mongolian: Сэнгийн Эрдэнэ) is a well-known Mongolian novelist and writer.	Sengiin Erdene	writer
occupation	John Morton Downey (November 14, 1901 -- October 25, 1985) was a singer popular in the United States, enjoying his greatest success in the late 1920s and early 1930s.	Morton Downey	singer
occupation	Allan Rumbolt is a Canadian politician, who was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of Hudson Bay in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in the 2008 territorial election.	Allan Rumbolt	politician
occupation	Attila Szalay-Berzeviczy (born May 6, 1972) is a Hungarian economist and global head of Global Securities Services at UniCredit Group in Milan.	Attila Szalay-Berzeviczy	economist
occupation	Héctor Arredondo Casillas (November 12, 1970 -- November 16, 2014), was a Mexican television, film and stage actor.	Héctor Arredondo	actor
occupation	Andre Louis Hicks (July 5, 1970 -- November 1, 2004), better known by his stage name Mac Dre, was an American rapper, and the initial founder of Thizz Entertainment, and the now defunct Romp Productions.	Mac Dre	rapper
occupation	Sanchit Balhara is an Indian film score composer, best known for composing the score of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 2015 epic historical romance film, Bajirao Mastani.	Sanchit Balhara	composer
occupation	Po Bronson (born 1964) is an American journalist and author who lives in San Francisco.	Po Bronson	journalist
occupation	Ernest William Hawkes (born 1881 or 1883, died 1954 or 1957) was an American anthropologist best known for his work studying the indigenous peoples of Alaska and northern Canada.	Ernest William Hawkes	anthropologist
occupation	Eddie Sinclair (May 5, 1937 -- January 2005) was a Scottish professional snooker player.	Eddie Sinclair	snooker player
occupation	John Randall Nelson is a painter and sculptor based in Phoenix, Arizona.	John Randall Nelson	painter
occupation	Orkhan Mustafazadeh (Azerbaijani: Orxan Mustafazadə), better known by his stage name Okaber, is an Azerbaijani rapper, songwriter.	Okaber	songwriter
occupation	Ryhaan Shah is an Indo-Guyanese writer born in Berbice, Guyana.	Ryhaan Shah	writer
occupation	Robert Deniston Hume (October 31, 1845 -- November 25, 1908) was a cannery owner, pioneer hatchery operator, politician, author, and self-described ``pygmy monopolist'' who controlled salmon fishing for 32 years on the lower Rogue River in U.S. state of Oregon.	Robert Deniston Hume	politician
occupation	Joanna Russ (February 22, 1937 -- April 29, 2011) was an American writer, academic and feminist.	Joanna Russ	writer
occupation	Eduardo Benito was a Spanish fashion illustrator and painter, noted for his Vogue covers of the 1920s and 1930s.	Eduardo Benito	painter
occupation	Ipuki was an Ancient Egyptian sculptor of the 18th Dynasty, who worked in Thebes and is known from his tomb there.	Ipuki	sculptor
occupation	Elva Hsiao (Chinese: 蕭亞軒, born August 24, 1979) is a Taiwanese singer.	Elva Hsiao	singer
occupation	Henryk Ruder was a Polish engineer, a long-time head and member of Warsaw-based Road Network Planning Bureau and member of the board of the ``Autostrady Polskie'' think-tank.	Henryk Ruder	engineer
occupation	Emmanuel Nnadozie is an educator, economist, professor of economics and author.	Emmanuel Nnadozie	economist
occupation	John Llewellyn Moxey (born February 26, 1925), sometimes credited as John L. Moxey or John Moxey, is an Argentinian film and television director.	John Llewellyn Moxey	television director
occupation	Angel De Cora Dietz (1871--1919) was a Winnebago (Ho-Chunk) painter, illustrator, Native American rights advocate, and teacher at Carlisle Indian School.	Angel De Cora	painter
occupation	Michael Franti (born April 21, 1966) is an American rapper, musician, poet, spoken word artist and singer-songwriter.	Michael Franti	singer
occupation	Floyd Holmes (March 6, 1910 -- January 1, 1970), better known as Salty Holmes, was an American country musician and Western B-movie actor.	Salty Holmes	actor
occupation	Kamahl is the stage name of Kandiah Kamalesvaran AM (Tamil: கந்தையா கமலேஸ்வரன்; born 13 November 1934), a singer and recording artist active in Australia, perhaps best known for ``The Elephant Song'', and his repertoire of popular music.	Kamahl	singer
occupation	Erwin Extercatte (born 16 April 1981 in Delden, Overijssel) is a Dutch darts player who competes for the Professional Darts Corporation.	Erwin Extercatte	darts player
occupation	George Gamow (March 4 (O.S. February 20) 1904 -- August 19, 1968), born Georgiy Antonovich Gamov ( Russian: Гео́ргий Анто́нович Га́мов; IPA: (ɡʲɪˈorɡʲɪj ɐnˈtonəvʲɪtɕ ˈɡaməf) ), was a theoretical physicist and cosmologist -- notably an early advocate and developer of Lemaître's Big Bang theory.	George Gamow	physicist
occupation	Heinrich Schläppi (April 30, 1905 - February 15, 1958) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed during the early 1920s.	Heinrich Schläppi	bobsledder
occupation	Sherali Bozorov (Tajik: Шерали Бозоров; born October 23, 1981 in Kulob, Khatlon) is a Tajikistani judoka, who played for the half-middleweight category.	Sherali Bozorov	judoka
occupation	Roger Camp is a photographer and educator.	Roger Camp	photographer
occupation	Philip Palmer Green is a theoretical and computational biologist noted for developing important algorithms and procedures used in Gene mapping and DNA sequencing.	Philip Palmer Green	biologist
occupation	Tyler Barnett (born October 19, 1983) is an entrepreneur, business consultant and American television personality.	Tyler Barnett	entrepreneur
occupation	Andrey Tokarev is a Russian cross country skier, biathlete, sighted guide and Paralympic Champion.	Andrey Tokarev	biathlete
occupation	He was born to the merchant John Slidell and the former Margery Mackenzie, a Scot.	John Slidell	merchant
occupation	Wally Gacek (born c. 1927) is a former ice hockey player who was a member of the Michigan Wolverines team that won the first NCAA Frozen Four ice hockey championship in 1948.	Wally Gacek	ice hockey player
occupation	Emanuel Augustus (born January 2, 1975), previously known as Emanuel Ya'kov Burton, is an American former professional boxer who fought out of Brownsville, Texas.	Emanuel Augustus	boxer
occupation	Leopoldo Laborde (born November 6, 1970) is a Mexican film director, screenwriter, photographer, editor and self-made producer.	Leopoldo Laborde	film director
occupation	Giorgi Javakhishvili (Georgian: გიორგი ჯავახიშვილი; Russian: Георгий Дмитриевич Джавахишвили, Georgy Dmitriyevich Dzhavakhishvili; born June 10, 1941) is a Georgian academic, politician, and diplomat.	Giorgi Javakhishvili	diplomat
occupation	Margaret Louis Ebey (born October 5, 1935), known professionally as Margie Singleton, is an American country music singer and songwriter.	Margie Singleton	singer and songwriter
occupation	Josh Lattanzi is an American musician best known for his collaborations with Norah Jones, Ben Kweller, The Lemonheads, Albert Hammond Jr., and The Candles.	Josh Lattanzi	musician
occupation	Ram Barkai (born October 22, 1957) is a South African open water swimmer and former businessman, specializing in winter swimming and known for his ability to withstand extremely cold waters.	Ram Barkai	swimmer
occupation	Derrin Hansen is an American college basketball coach and the current head men's basketball coach at University of Nebraska Omaha.	Derrin Hansen	basketball coach
occupation	Gordon Tucker is a prominent rabbi, with a reputation as both a political and a theological liberal in Conservative Judaism.	Gordon Tucker	rabbi
occupation	Sandra Truccolo is an Italian paralympic archer and all round athlete.	Sandra Truccolo	archer
occupation	John Andrew Quale is an American singer, songwriter, and performer best known by the stage name and persona of Prince Poppycock.	Prince Poppycock	singer
occupation	He is better known as the lead singer and guitarist for the Afrikaans Rock band, Willim Welsyn en die Sunrise Toffies and as former photographer, features writer and podcast host for the South African Rolling Stone magazine.	Willim Welsyn	photographer
occupation	Marc Laidlaw (born 1960) is an American writer of science fiction and horror and also a former computer game designer with Valve Corporation.	Marc Laidlaw	writer
occupation	Finbarr Clancy (born March 5th, 1970) is an Irish folk singer and musician.	Finbarr Clancy	singer
occupation	Masoud Khosravinejad (Persian: مسعود خسروی نژاد‎; born March 25, 1980 in Tehran) is an Iranian judoka who competed in the men's half-heavyweight category.	Masoud Khosravinejad	judoka
occupation	Wax Mannequin is the stage name of Chris Adeney, a Canadian indie rock singer-songwriter.	Wax Mannequin	singer
occupation	Jordannah Elizabeth (born October 16, 1986) is an American music journalist, editor, music promoter and alternative, folk, soul musician.	Jordannah Elizabeth	journalist
occupation	Lai Ying Tong (Chinese: 賴映彤; born 4 January), known professionally as Siu Tung (Chinese: 小彤), is a Hong Kong Cantopop songwriter,arranger and performer as well as music educator.	Lai Ying Tong	songwriter
occupation	Shawn Lawrence Otto is an American novelist, nonfiction author, filmmaker, political strategist, speaker, science advocate, and screenwriter and co-producer of the movie House of Sand and Fog.	Shawn Lawrence Otto	screenwriter
occupation	Jeannette Bell (born September 2, 1941) is an American Democratic politician and social worker from Wisconsin.	Jeannette Bell	politician
occupation	Westdon Martin Abay (born April 5, 1971), popularly known as Dong Abay, is a poet and a Pinoy rock musician.	Dong Abay	poet	musician
occupation	Nicolás Lúcar de la Portilla has been a Peruvian journalist since the 1980s.	Nicolás Lúcar	journalist
occupation	Rajko Dodic (born May 13, 1952) is a Canadian politician, who was elected the 25th mayor of Lethbridge, Alberta in the 2010 municipal election.	Rajko Dodic	politician
occupation	Earl W. Bascom (June 19, 1906 -- August 28, 1995) was an American painter, printmaker, rodeo performer and sculptor, raised in Canada, who portrayed his own experiences cowboying and rodeoing across the American and Canadian West.	Earl W. Bascom	painter
occupation	Ray Shell is an African-American film, TV and stage actor, as well as an author, director and producer.	Ray Shell	actor
occupation	Sotades (Greek: Σωτάδης; 3rd century BC) was an Ancient Greek poet.	Sotades	poet
occupation	Harry Bassi (born 26 November 1969) is a former Scottish rugby union player, normally playing at Centre or Fullback His career spanned the amateur era and the professional era and Bassi represented Glasgow District at various levels before finally representing the professional Glasgow side, now Glasgow Warriors.	Harry Bassi	rugby union player
occupation	Nathan Barr (born February 9, 1973; also known as Nate Barr) is a film and television composer known for playing the majority of the instruments heard in his compositions.	Nathan Barr	composer
occupation	Joanna Manganara is a Greek diplomat, women's rights activist and the incumbent President of the International Alliance of Women (IAW) and its Chief Representative to the United Nations.	Joanna Manganara	diplomat
occupation	Jess Winfield (born March 8, 1961) is an American novelist, self-help author, and television writer.	Jess Winfield	novelist
occupation	Manuel Neri (born April 12, 1930) is an American sculptor, painter, and printmaker and a notable member of the ``second generation'' of the Bay Area Figurative Movement.	Manuel Neri	painter
occupation	Benjamin Khoh (born Jan 14, 1992) is a Singaporean model, social media personality, recording artist, actor and socialite.	Benjamin Khoh	model	actor
occupation	Christian Schoeler (born 1978 in Hagen, Germany -- December 28, 2015) was a contemporary painter known for his watercolors and oil paintings, who lived and worked in Düsseldorf.	Christian Schoeler	painter
occupation	Wendy Pepper (born August 23, 1964) is a fashion designer who appeared on the first season of the reality television show Project Runway, which aired on Bravo, from December 2004 through February 2005.	Wendy Pepper	fashion designer
occupation	Vincent Hallinan (December 16, 1896 -- October 2, 1992) was an American lawyer and a candidate for President of the United States for the Progressive Party in the 1952 election.	Vincent Hallinan	lawyer
occupation	Daniela Eleftheraki (Greek: Ντανιελα Ελευθεράκη), once known as the Lolita of the Greek fashion world, is a top Greek fashion model represented by Ace Models Agency.	Daniela Eleftheraki	model
occupation	Georgina Harland (born 14 April 1978), is a former modern pentathlete from Great Britain.	Georgina Harland	modern pentathlete
occupation	Marco Antonio Rubio (born June 16, 1980) is a Mexican professional boxer and former WBC interim middleweight champion.	Marco Antonio Rubio	boxer
occupation	Joan Fraser (born October 12, 1944) is a Canadian Senator and former journalist.	Joan Fraser	journalist
occupation	Melville Jacobs (July 3, 1902 -- July 31, 1971) was an American anthropologist known for his extensive fieldwork on cultures of the Pacific Northwest.	Melville Jacobs	anthropologist
occupation	Philippe Legendre was head chef of the Michelin three-star (2003-2007) restaurant Le Cinq at the George V Hotel in the 8th arrondissement in Paris, France.	Philippe Legendre	chef
occupation	Joanna E. Cole is an American politician and educator from Burlington, Vermont.	Joanna E. Cole	politician
occupation	Dottie Rambo (March 2, 1934 -- May 11, 2008) was an American gospel singer and songwriter.	Dottie Rambo	songwriter
occupation	Nikolai Zykov (Russian: Николай Зыков) (born May 8, 1965) is a Soviet and Russian actor, director, artist, designer, puppet-maker, master puppeteer.	Nikolai Zykov	actor	puppeteer
occupation	Francesco La Vecchia (born September 10, 1954) is an Italian classical conductor.	Francesco La Vecchia	conductor
occupation	Stanley Bahorek is an American actor who has appeared on Broadway.	Stanley Bahorek	actor
occupation	Leslie Howard Gordon was a British screenwriter and actor of the silent and early sound film eras.	Leslie Howard Gordon	screenwriter
occupation	James Manning Tyler (April 27, 1835 -- October 13, 1926) was an American politician, lawyer and judge from Vermont.	James Manning Tyler	politician	lawyer
occupation	Joel Stoffer is an American actor know for playing Taylor in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and Dr. Franklin in The One (2001 film).	Joel Stoffer	actor
occupation	Rodolfo Terragno (born November 16, 1943) is an Argentine politician and lawyer, former Senator and journalist.	Rodolfo Terragno	politician	journalist
occupation	Ali Nasuh Mahruki (born May 21, 1968) is a professional mountain climber, writer, photographer and documentary film producer.	Nasuh Mahruki	photographer
occupation	William Warsop (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1791.	William Warsop	cricketer
occupation	Ian Little is a record producer who is best known for the single ``Is There Something I Should Know'' and the album Seven and the Ragged Tiger, both by Duran Duran.	Ian Little	record producer
occupation	Ernst Witt (June 26, 1911 -- July 3, 1991) was a German mathematician, one of the leading algebraists of his time.	Ernst Witt	mathematician
occupation	Benjamin Fitton is an English singer songwriter.	Benjamin Fitton	singer
occupation	Hedda Berntsen hails from Filtvet, and is the older sister of freestyle skier Ingrid Berntsen.	Hedda Berntsen	freestyle skier
occupation	Betty Reed (born on May 5, 1941) is a Democratic politician who served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 2006 to 2014, representing the 59th District from 2006 to 2012 and the 61st District, which included downtown Tampa in northern Hillsborough County, from 2012 to 2014.	Betty Reed	politician
occupation	Vijaygupta Maurya (Gujarati: વિજયગુપ્ત મૌર્ય) was a pioneer science writer in the Gujarati.	Vijaygupta Maurya	writer
occupation	Detrick DeBurr (born October 25, 1969) is an entrepreneur, author, and computer/website specialist.	Detrick DeBurr	entrepreneur
occupation	Edward Digges (29 March 1620 -- 15 March 1674/75) was an English barrister and colonist who served as Colonial Governor of Virginia from March 1655 to December 1656.	Edward Digges	barrister
occupation	Ganesh Janardhanan, also known by his stage name VTV Ganesh is an Indian actor, comedian and film producer.	VTV Ganesh	actor	film producer
occupation	Donald Pennington is a British psychologist who is also the Pro-Vice-Chancellor and professor of psychology at Coventry University where he teaches personality psychology to undergraduate students.	Donald Pennington	psychologist
occupation	Friedrich Paul Cilliers (25 December 1956 -- July 31, 2011) was a South-African philosopher, complexity researcher, and Professor in Complexity and Philosophy at the Stellenbosch University.	Paul Cilliers	philosopher
occupation	Kim Spalding was an American actor who appeared on television and in film between 1950 and 1961.	Kim Spalding	actor
occupation	Del Reisman (April 13, 1924 -- January 8, 2011) was an American television producer, story editor and screenwriter whose lengthy credits included The Twilight Zone and The Untouchables.	Del Reisman	screenwriter
occupation	Walter Kaner (May 5, 1920 -- June 27, 2005) was an American journalist and philanthropist.	Walter Kaner	journalist	philanthropist
occupation	Ion Cristoiu (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon krisˈtoju); born November 16, 1948, Găgești, Vrancea County) is a Romanian journalist.	Ion Cristoiu	journalist
occupation	Carl Stone (born Carl Joseph Stone, February 10, 1953) is an American composer, primarily working in the field of live electronic music.	Carl Stone	composer
occupation	Roberto Fidel Ernesto Sorokin Espasa, who performs under the stage name Coti, is an Argentine singer-songwriter, best known for collaborations with other Spanish-language artists like Andrés Calamaro (Arg), Julieta Venegas (Mex), Paulina Rubio (Mex) and Luis Miguel in his last album.	Coti	singer
occupation	Kabir Akhtar (born January 11, 1975) is an American television director and Emmy-nominated editor, and is also the creator of The Tool Page , the oldest website dedicated to the Grammy-winning band Tool.	Kabir Akhtar	television director
occupation	Lorenzo Ratti (ca. 1589--1630) was an Italian baroque composer.	Lorenzo Ratti	composer
occupation	Jesse Burnett (born February 8, 1946 in Los Angeles, California) was a light-heavyweight and cruiserweight boxer.	Jesse Burnett	boxer
occupation	Vikram Usendi is an Indian politician who was the member of the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly from Narayanpur Assembly constituency ( no 62 ) then Kanker district, ( now narayanpur district ), during 2003-2008.	Vikram Usendi	politician
occupation	Toine van Peperstraten (born December 18, 1967 in Achthuizen, Zuid-Holland) is a Dutch sports journalist, best known for hosting the NOS TV sports program Studio Sport.	Toine van Peperstraten	journalist
occupation	Grigory Drozd (Russian: Григорий Дрозд; born 26 August 26 1979) is a Russian professional boxer.	Grigory Drozd	boxer
occupation	Park Hae-jin (Hangul: 박해진, born May 1, 1983) is a South Korean actor.	Park Hae-jin	actor
occupation	Aree Wiratthaworn (Thai: อารีย์ วิรัฐถาวร; born February 26, 1980) is a Thai weightlifter.	Aree Wiratthaworn	weightlifter
occupation	Lajos Pukánszky was a Hungarian and American mathematician noted for his work in representation theory of solvable Lie groups.	Lajos Pukánszky	mathematician
occupation	Jean-Claude Kavumbagu is a Burundian Internet journalist who has been arrested on multiple occasions for issues related to his reporting.	Jean-Claude Kavumbagu	journalist
occupation	Misty Woods is a Welsh singer and lyricist, currently living in London.	Misty Woods	singer
occupation	Niven Busch (April 26, 1903 -- August 25, 1991) was an American novelist and screenwriter of movies such as the acclaimed The Postman Always Rings Twice.	Niven Busch	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Henry Mathwin (23 August 1852 -- 31 December 1911) was an English schoolmaster and cricketer who played in one first-class cricket match for Cambridge University in 1874.	Henry Mathwin	cricketer
occupation	In Portrait of Dora Maar (1937)... the artist's new lover is portrayed with acidic colors and angular forms.	Dora Maar	artist
occupation	Sumio Iijima (飯島 澄男 Iijima Sumio, born May 2, 1939) is a Japanese physicist, often cited as the inventor of carbon nanotubes.	Sumio Iijima	physicist
occupation	Beatrice Forbes Manz is an American historian of the Middle East and Central Asia who specializes in nomads and the Timurid dynasty.	Beatrice Forbes Manz	historian
occupation	Ingūna Butāne (born February 24, 1986), sometimes simply known as Inguna, is a Latvian model.	Ingūna Butāne	model
occupation	Harriet Brooks (July 2, 1876 -- April 17, 1933) was the first Canadian woman nuclear physicist.	Harriet Brooks	physicist
occupation	Jonathan ``Jon'' Good (born December 7, 1985) is an American professional wrestler and actor, signed to WWE under the ring name Dean Ambrose.	Dean Ambrose	professional wrestler
occupation	Jase Daniels (born Jason Daniel Knight, July 18, 1982) is a former United States Navy Hebrew linguist who was discharged from the military twice under the policy known as ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell'' (DADT).	Jase Daniels	linguist
occupation	Lee Soo-sung (born March 10, 1939, South Hamgyong, Hamhung) is a South Korean politician and legal scholar.	Lee Soo-sung	politician
occupation	Enzo Celli is an Italian contemporary dancer, choreographer and dance company artistic director	Enzo Celli	choreographer	artistic director
occupation	Sam Maccarone is an actor, film director, and writer.	Sam Maccarone	actor	film director
occupation	Jorge Rosenblut Ratinoff (7 July 1952) is a Chilean engineer, academic, businessman and consultant, and the former president of ENDESA, the Latin American branch of the Italian based ENEL Group.	Jorge Rosenblut	engineer
occupation	Strat Don (born Geddys Ferguson) is a Jamaican Reggae/ R&B singer .	Strat Don	singer
occupation	Nadia Röthlisberger-Raspe (b. June 30, 1972 - d. February 9, 2015) was a Swiss curler and Olympic medalist.	Nadia Röthlisberger-Raspe	curler
occupation	Anne Hollingsworth Wharton (December 15, 1845 -- July 29, 1928) was an American writer and historian.	Anne Hollingsworth Wharton	historian
occupation	Lock Martin (October 12, 1916 -- January 19, 1959) was the stage name of American actor Joseph Lockard Martin, Jr. He is best remembered for playing the robot Gort in The Day the Earth Stood Still (1951).	Lock Martin	actor
occupation	Chip Giller is an American journalist and environmentalist.	Chip Giller	journalist
occupation	Clement Liebert (fl. 1433--1454) was a Franco-Flemish singer and composer of the early Renaissance, active in Rome and at the Burgundian court.	Clement Liebert	composer
occupation	Francis Parkman, Jr. (September 16, 1823 -- November 8, 1893) was an American historian, best known as author of The Oregon Trail:	Francis Parkman	historian
occupation	James W. Washington, Jr. (November 10, 1909 -- June 7, 2000) was an African-American painter and sculptor who grew into prominence in the Seattle, Washington, art community.	James W. Washington, Jr.	painter
occupation	Kim Sang-man (Hangul: 김상만; born January 28, 1970) is a South Korean film director and art director.	Kim Sang-man	film director
occupation	Antonia Moraiti (born May 2, 1977) is a Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist.	Antonia Moraiti	water polo player
occupation	Ao Prof. Dr. Bernhard Lendl is an Austrian chemist, TU Vienna, Institute of Chemical Technologies and Analytics, the head of the working group on Process Analysis & Vibrational Spectroscopy.	Bernhard Lendl	chemist
occupation	Wazir Agha (Urdu: وزیر آغا ‎) was a Pakistani Urdu language writer, poet, critic and essayist.	Wazir Agha	poet
occupation	Robert Salaburu (born May 9, 1985) is a professional poker player from Texas, who is best known for his 8th place ($971,360) final table finish in the 2012 World Series of Poker.	Robert Salaburu	poker player
occupation	Anthony Barrile is an actor, musician, writer, and native New Yorker who has starred in many film and stage productions.	Anthony Barrile	actor
occupation	Jonas Hurst is a British singer, television presenter, trainer and theatrical producer.	Jonas Hurst	singer
occupation	Alfred W. Blomfield (1879-1949) was a British architect, who worked as the in-house architect for the brewer Watney Combe & Reid from 1919 to 1940.	Alfred W. Blomfield	architect
occupation	Edward Danger Generazio II (born August 2, 1990), also known as Eddie Generazio, is an American author and musician.	Eddie Generazio	musician
occupation	Gabrielle Gachet, née Magnenat (born February 17, 1980), is a Swiss ski mountaineer.	Gabrielle Gachet	mountaineer
occupation	Ben Myers or Benjamin Myers (born 1976, Durham) is an English writer and journalist.	Ben Myers	writer
occupation	Mark Eddinger is an American keyboardist, composer, arranger, music producer, record company executive, and music and entertainment industry consultant.	Mark Eddinger	music producer	consultant
occupation	Jussier da Silva, better known as Jussier Formiga, (born April 14, 1985) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently signed with the UFC and competing in the Flyweight division.	Jussier Formiga	mixed martial artist
occupation	Helen O'Hara (born Helen Bevington, 5 November 1956) is a British musician, formerly a member and violinist of the band Dexys Midnight Runners between 1982 and 1987, including performing on songs such as ``Come on Eileen'' from the Too-Rye-Ay album.	Helen O'Hara	violinist
occupation	Thomas Hinds (1780--1840) was an American soldier and politician from the state of Mississippi, who served in the United States Congress from 1828 to 1831.	Thomas Hinds	politician
occupation	Vicky Featherstone (born 1967) is a theatre director and artistic director.	Vicky Featherstone	artistic director
occupation	Celestino Piatti (1922-2007) was a Swiss graphic artist, painter and book designer.	Celestino Piatti	painter	designer
occupation	Barbara La Marr (July 28, 1896 -- January 30, 1926) was an American stage and film actress, cabaret artist, and screenwriter.	Barbara La Marr	screenwriter
occupation	JD Alexander (born July 16, 1959, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina) is a businessman and former Florida Republican politician from Lake Wales.	JD Alexander	politician
occupation	Alisher Uzoqov (sometimes spelled Alisher Uzakov in English) (Uzbek: Alisher Uzoqov, Алишер Узоқов; Russian: Алишер Узаков) (born August 25, 1984) is an Uzbek actor and singer.	Alisher Uzoqov	singer
occupation	Brian Mallon is an American film and theater actor of Irish descent.	Brian Mallon	actor
occupation	Benja Razafimahaleo is a Malagasy politician who served as Minister of Finance in the government of Madagascar from March 2009 to September 2009.	Benja Razafimahaleo	politician
occupation	Keith Szarabajka ((ʂaraˈbajka); born December 2, 1952) is an American actor and voice artist.	Keith Szarabajka	actor
occupation	Sandra Peuler is a judge of the Utah Third District Court in Salt Lake City.	Sandra Peuler	judge
occupation	Saka Acquaye is a singer and textile designer from Accra, Gold Coast.	Saka Acquaye	singer	textile designer
occupation	Honorio Pueyrredón (June 9, 1876 -- September 23, 1945) was an Argentine lawyer, university professor, diplomat and politician.	Honorio Pueyrredón	lawyer	diplomat	politician
occupation	Shaike Ophir (November 4, 1929 -- August 17, 1987; Hebrew: שייקה אופיר‎) was an Israeli film actor and comedian, and the country's first mime.	Shaike Ophir	actor
occupation	Jeremy Zuckerman is an American composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the TV series Avatar:	Jeremy Zuckerman	composer
occupation	Marcus Statius Priscus Licinius Italicus (M. Statius M. f. Cl. Priscus Licinius Italicus) was a Roman politician and general active during the reigns of Hadrian, Antoninus Pius, and Marcus Aurelius.	Marcus Statius Priscus	politician
occupation	Elly Stone (born May 30, 1927) is an American singer and actress best known for her interpretations of the music of Jacques Brel.	Elly Stone	singer
occupation	Samuel Abrahams is a BAFTA nominated English film director who has written and directed across drama, documentary and commercials.	Samuel Abrahams	film director
occupation	Isabella Boylston is an American ballet dancer who currently performs as a principal with the American Ballet Theatre (ABT).	Isabella Boylston	ballet dancer
occupation	Bobby Paschal (born October 21, 1941) is a retired college basketball coach.	Bobby Paschal	basketball coach
occupation	General Juan de la Luz Enríquez Lara (born Tlacotalpan, May 16, 1836 -- died Xalapa, March 17, 1892) was a Mexican politician.	Juan de la Luz Enríquez	politician
occupation	Hossein Mortezaeian Abkenar (Persian: حسین مرتضاییان آبکنار‎; born 1967) is an Iranian writer and screenwriter.	Hossein Mortezaeian Abkenar	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Gary Portnoy (born June 8, 1956) is an American musician and singer-songwriter from the state of New York best known for co-writing and singing the theme song for Cheers, ``Where Everybody Knows Your Name''.	Gary Portnoy	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lydia Emily, aka Lydia emily Archibald, is a street artist, muralist, and oil painter.	Lydia Emily	painter
occupation	Giovanni di Paolo was first documented in 1417 working for the Sienese Dominican Order as a miniaturist (manuscript illuminator).	Giovanni di Paolo	illuminator
occupation	Angiolo Mazzoni (May 21, 1894 -- September 28, 1979) was a prolific state architect and engineer of the Italian Fascist government of the 1920s and 1930s.	Angiolo Mazzoni	architect	engineer
occupation	Wenchen Qin (Chinese: 秦文琛, b. October 29, 1966) is a Chinese composer.	Wenchen Qin	composer
occupation	John Stark Edwards (August 23, 1777 -- February 22, 1813) was an attorney, public official, soldier and landowner in the United States.	John Stark Edwards	soldier
occupation	Steve Roper is a noted climber and historian of the Sierra Nevada in the United States.	Steve Roper	historian
occupation	Neil Trevett is an electrical engineer and executive involved in 3D computer graphics technology.	Neil Trevett	engineer
occupation	Oh Dae-keun (born May 11, 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player.	Oh Dae-keun	field hockey player
occupation	Jonathan Mark Kenoyer (born May 28, 1952, in Shillong, India) is an American archaeologist and Professor of Anthropology at the University of Wisconsin--	Jonathan Mark Kenoyer	archaeologist
occupation	Kris Saknussemm is a cult novelist and multimedia artist.	Kris Saknussemm	novelist
occupation	Waters is also a jazz musician who has teamed with the likes of Ian Ritchie (saxophone player for Roger Waters), forming the Harry Waters Quartet.	Harry Waters	musician
occupation	Martin Gibbs (November 11, 1922 - July 24, 2006) was an American biochemist and educator who worked in the field of carbon metabolism.	Martin Gibbs	biochemist
occupation	Anna Thomas (born July 12, 1948) is a film screenwriter, film producer and writer.	Anna Thomas	screenwriter	film producer	writer
occupation	Scott L. Fitzgerald (born November 16, 1963) is an American politician and one-time newspaper publisher.	Scott L. Fitzgerald	politician
occupation	Roger Skinner (June 1, 1773 -- August 19, 1825) was a lawyer, statesman and United States federal judge from New York.	Roger Skinner	lawyer	judge
occupation	Stephan Koplowitz is an award-winning director and choreographer specializing in site-specific multimedia performances.	Stephan Koplowitz	choreographer
occupation	Eugeniusz Frankowski (1884--1962) was a Polish archaeologist, ethnographer and ethnologist.	Eugeniusz Frankowski	archaeologist
occupation	Canice Brennan is a former Kilkenny hurler who played with Conahy Shamrocks and the Kilkenny intercounty team.	Canice Brennan	hurler
occupation	Master IW (or I.W.) was a 16th-century Czech Renaissance painter of unknown origin from the school of Lucas Cranach the Elder.	Master IW	painter
occupation	He was also a missionary for The New Church (Swedenborgian) and the inspiration for many museums and historical sites such as the Johnny Appleseed Museum in Urbana, Ohio and the Johnny Appleseed Heritage Center in between Lucas, Ohio and Mifflin, Ohio.	Johnny Appleseed	missionary
occupation	Basir Ahang is a Hazara poet, journalist and human rights activist from Afghanistan.	Basir Ahang	journalist
occupation	Gerard McMahon (aka Gerard McMann and G Tom Mac) (born Gerard Thomas MacMahon, of Irish/English parentage, in Birmingham, England) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer who specialises in creating music for films and TV.	Gerard McMahon	singer-songwriter
occupation	Marshall Drew (born January 11, 1984) is an American folk rock singer-songwriter from Clarksdale, Mississippi.	Marshall Drew	singer-songwriter
occupation	John Lewis Krimmel (May 30, 1786 -- July 15, 1821), sometimes called ``the American Hogarth'' was America's first painter of genre scenes.	John Lewis Krimmel	painter
occupation	Greg Wells is a Canadian musician, record producer and songwriter based in Los Angeles.	Greg Wells	musician	record producer	songwriter
occupation	Inácio José de Alvarenga Peixoto (1744--1793) was a Colonial Brazilian Neoclassic poet and lawyer.	Alvarenga Peixoto	poet	lawyer
occupation	William Harper Carter (born in October 3, 1939) is an American entrepreneur and former actor.	Harper Carter	actor
occupation	Nellee Hooper (born 15 March 1963) is a British producer/remixer/composer known for his work with many major recording artists beginning in the late 1980s.	Nellee Hooper	composer
occupation	David E. Bloom, Ph.D. (born October 16, 1955) is an American author, professor, economist, and demographer.	David E. Bloom	author	economist	demographer
occupation	Benny Goldberg (December 25, 1918 -- September 10, 2001) was a Polish bantamweight boxer whose professional career spanned from 1937 to 1946.	Benny Goldberg	boxer
occupation	Federico Fabregat is a Mexican artist and poet born in Guadalajara, Jalisco.	Federico Fabregat	artist	poet
occupation	Philip Greeley Clapp (August 4, 1888 -- April 9, 1954) was an American educator, conductor, pianist, and composer of classical music.	Philip Greeley Clapp	composer
occupation	Isabel Paterson (January 22, 1886 -- January 10, 1961) was a Canadian-American journalist, novelist, political philosopher, and a leading literary and cultural critic of her day.	Isabel Paterson	journalist	philosopher
occupation	Jordan Brower (born October 14, 1981) is an American movie actor.	Jordan Brower	actor
occupation	Daryl Veltman (born September 25, 1985) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player.	Daryl Veltman	lacrosse player
occupation	José Maurício Nunes Garcia (September 20, 1767 -- April 18, 1830) was a Brazilian classical composer, one of the greatest exponents of Classicism in the Americas.	José Maurício Nunes Garcia	composer
occupation	Andy Barron (January 9, 1983) is a photographer best known for his work with the bands Switchfoot and Foster the People, with whom he has worked with since 2002 and now tours regularly with.	Andy Barron	photographer
occupation	Henryk Leon Strasburger (1887-1951) was a Polish economist, General Commissioner in the Free City of Danzig (now Gdańsk) and delegate to the League of Nations.	Henryk Leon Strasburger	economist
occupation	Later in life, Benson Fong became a successful restaurateur and opened several Ah Fong restaurants in California.	Benson Fong	restaurateur
occupation	Jason Aldine Williams (born February 28, 1977), known professionally as Jason Aldean, is an American country music singer.	Jason Aldean	singer
occupation	Bertram Cooper (born January 10, 1966), nicknamed Smokin' Bert Cooper, is a heavyweight boxer, most famous for his punching power and several wild brawls in the 1990s.	Bert Cooper	boxer
occupation	Graydon Parrish (born April 3, 1970) is a realist painter living in Austin, Texas.	Graydon Parrish	painter
occupation	Daniel Lazard (born December 10, 1941 in Carpentras) is a French mathematician and computer scientist.	Daniel Lazard	mathematician
occupation	Bob Thiele (July 27, 1922 -- January 30, 1996) was an American record producer who worked on countless classic jazz albums and record labels.	Bob Thiele	record producer
occupation	Greg Grossman is an American chef and television personality who gained notoriety as a teenager.	Greg Grossman	chef
occupation	Jonathan Howes (c. 1937 -- May 31, 2015) was an American politician and urban planner.	Jonathan Howes	politician
occupation	Nathaniel Milljour is a self-taught Canadian artist, painter and sculptor from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Nathaniel Milljour	artist	painter
occupation	Marshall Brickman (born August 25, 1939) is an American screenwriter and director, best known for his collaborations with Woody Allen.	Marshall Brickman	screenwriter
occupation	Wilfrid Garfield Case also known as W. Garfield Case, (September 23, 1898 -- September 22, 1959), was a Canadian politician who served as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament and Mayor of Owen Sound, Ontario.	W. Garfield Case	politician
occupation	Paul Cornoyer (1864--1923) was an American painter, currently best known for his popularly reproduced painting in an Impressionist and sometimes pointillist style.	Paul Cornoyer	painter
occupation	Günther von Lojewski (born July 11, 1935 in Berlin) is a German journalist, television presenter and author.	Günther von Lojewski	journalist	television presenter
occupation	Wendell Mitchell Latimer (April 22, 1893 -- July 6, 1955) was a prominent chemist notable for his description of oxidation states in his book ``The Oxidation States of the Elements and Their Potentials in Aqueous Solution'' (ASIN B000GRXLSA, first published 1938).	Wendell Mitchell Latimer	chemist
occupation	Jan Mandel is a Czech-American mathematician.	Jan Mandel	mathematician
occupation	Linda Mancini is an American writer, actor and Bessie Award winning performance artist.	Linda Mancini	artist
occupation	Sudesh Mishra is a contemporary Fijian-Australian poet and academic.	Sudesh Mishra	poet
occupation	Lindsay Rhodes (previously known as Lindsay Soto) is an American sportscaster, journalist, and television personality who is currently a host and reporter for the NFL Network.	Lindsay Rhodes	journalist
occupation	Sultan Abdul Hamid II, after being approached by American minister to Turkey, Oscar Straus (politician), sent a letter to the Moros of the Sulu Sultanate telling them not to resist American takeover and cooperate with the Americans at the start of the Moro Rebellion.	Abdul Hamid II	politician
occupation	Eilidh Shaw is a Scottish fiddle player and singer.	Eilidh Shaw	singer
occupation	Colonel Leroy W. Stutz (born November 13, 1939) was a U.S. Air Force officer, pilot and prisoner of war for 2,284 days (6.25 years) during the Vietnam War.	Leroy W. Stutz	officer
occupation	Antônio Pereira de Sousa Caldas (November 24, 1762 -- March 2, 1814) was a Colonial Brazilian poet, priest and orator, patron of the 34th chair of the Brazilian Academy of Letters.	Sousa Caldas	poet
occupation	William Frederick King (February 19, 1854 -- April 23, 1916) was a Canadian surveyor, astronomer, and civil servant.	William Frederick King	astronomer
occupation	Svetlana Kirdina (Светла́на Гео́ргиевна Ки́рдина) is a Russian sociologist and economist.	Svetlana Kirdina	sociologist	economist
occupation	Maria Antonia Scalera Stellini was a 17th-century Italian poet and playwright.	Maria Antonia Scalera Stellini	poet
occupation	Kopi Sotiropulos (born Prokopios Sotiropoulos; Greek: Προκόπιος Σωτηρόπουλος; September 12, 1948) is a Greek-born American character actor.	Kopi Sotiropulos	actor
occupation	Edward Sivewright (born 10 November 1806, Old Windsor, Berkshire; died 1 January 1873, Earley Hill, Reading, Berkshire) was an English cricketer with amateur status.	Edward Sivewright	cricketer
occupation	Martha Sharp Joukowsky (born 1936) is a Near Eastern archaeologist and a retired member of the faculty of Brown University known for her fieldwork at the ancient site of Petra in Jordan.	Martha Sharp Joukowsky	archaeologist
occupation	Zhou Peiyuan (Chinese: 周培源; August 28, 1902--November 24, 1993) was a renowned theoretical physicist of China.	Zhou Peiyuan	theoretical physicist
occupation	John M. McKeon (October 29, 1882 - March 18, 1939) was an American politician from St. Louis, Missouri, who served in the Missouri Senate.	John M. McKeon	politician
occupation	Ewert Karlsson (1918--2004), signature EWK, was a Swedish artist and political cartoonist.	Ewert Karlsson	artist	cartoonist
occupation	Safiya Songhai, is a Student Emmy Award-winning American film director, Television Anchor/Reporter and beauty queen.	Safiya Songhai	film director
occupation	Michael George Mulhall (1836-1900) was an Irish author, statistician, economist and newspaper editor.	Michael George Mulhall	statistician
occupation	Stella Getz (born 10 October 1976) is a Norwegian singer and former popstar.	Stella Getz	singer
occupation	Salomon Formstecher, in English also Solomon, (1808 - 1889) was a German rabbi and student of Jewish theology.	Salomon Formstecher	rabbi
occupation	Gakuryō Nakamura (中村岳陵, Nakamura Gakuryō) (1890-1969) was a Japanese Nihonga painter and designer.	Gakuryō Nakamura	painter
occupation	Edgar Sydney Little (November 5, 1885 -- December 23, 1943) was a wholesaler and Canadian politician.	Edgar Sydney Little	politician
occupation	Branko Despot (born July 6, 1942, Zagreb) is Croatian philosopher.	Branko Despot	philosopher
occupation	Major Brabazon-Plank, later Major Plank, is a recurring fictional character from the Uncle Fred and Jeeves stories of British comic writer P. G. Wodehouse, being a famed explorer who led an expedition up the Amazon but is afraid of babies.	Major Brabazon-Plank	explorer
occupation	Carmen Rodgers is an African American R&B, neo soul singer and songwriter, from Dallas, Texas, United States.	Carmen Rodgers	singer
occupation	Chen Yaoye (Traditional: 陳耀燁; Simplified: 陈耀烨; Pinyin: Chén Yàoyè; born on December 16, 1989) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Chen Yaoye	Go player
occupation	Jorge Luis Sierra Cruz (born September 4, 1961) (died October 27, 2014) was a Cuban politician.	Jorge Luis Sierra Cruz	politician
occupation	Arthur Sewall (November 25, 1835 -- September 5, 1900) was a U.S. Democratic politician from Maine most notable as William Jennings Bryan's first running mate in 1896.	Arthur Sewall	politician
occupation	Dr Joseph Kubanek (January 16, 1896 - November 24, 1970) was an American psychiatrist known for his work in Electroencephalography.	Joseph Kubanek	psychiatrist
occupation	Peter Donato, is a marathon runner from Toronto, Canada.	Peter Donato	marathon runner
occupation	Jouko Hassi (born November 19, 1959 in Rantsila) is a Finnish former sprinter.	Jouko Hassi	sprinter
occupation	R. Manoharanis an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Tiruchirappalli East constituency, He was appointed as chief government whip in February 2013.	R. Manoharan	politician
occupation	Eddie Blazonczyk, Sr. (July 12, 1941 -- May 21, 2012) was a Grammy award-winning polka musician and founder of the band The Versatones.	Eddie Blazonczyk	musician
occupation	Roman Serbyn is an historian, and an professor emeritus of Russian and East European history at the University of Quebec at Montreal, and an expert on Ukraine.	Roman Serbyn	historian
occupation	Major Dodge, (born August 14, 1978) is an American actor.	Major Dodge	actor
occupation	Darian Cowgill (born November 7, 1972, Pasadena, California, United States), is an American mix engineer, mastering engineer and record producer.	Darian Cowgill	engineer	mastering engineer
occupation	Maximilian Toch (July 17, 1864 -- May 28, 1946) was an American paint manufacturer and industrial chemist who developed a concrete filler method that was used in the construction of the Panama Canal.	Maximilian Toch	chemist
occupation	Giuseppe Paladino (1721-1794) was an Italian painter of the 18th century, active in a late-Baroque style in Messina, Sicily.	Giuseppe Paladino (1721-1794)	painter
occupation	Ian Rumfitt is a British philosopher currently serving as Professor of Philosophy at the University of Birmingham.	Ian Rumfitt	philosopher
occupation	Jeff Altman (born August 13, 1951) is an American stand-up comedian and actor who has appeared as a guest on Late Show with David Letterman 41 times.	Jeff Altman	actor
occupation	Tina Caspary (born December 28, 1970) is an American actress, dancer, and choreographer and dance instructor.	Tina Caspary	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Mahnoor Baloch is a Pakistani actress, model and film director.	Mahnoor Baloch	model	film director
occupation	Michael Hickins (born May 1, 1961) is an American fiction writer, journalist, and news editor.	Michael Hickins	journalist
occupation	Anne Stevenson (born January 3, 1933) is an American-British poet and writer.	Anne Stevenson	poet
occupation	Nathan Pritikin (August 29, 1915 -- February 21, 1985) was an American inventor, nutritionist and longevity researcher.	Nathan Pritikin	nutritionist
occupation	Carl Andre (born September 16, 1935) is an American minimalist artist recognized for his ordered linear format and grid format sculptures.	Carl Andre	artist
occupation	David Gautreaux (born June 28, 1951) is an American stage, television and film actor, perhaps best known for work he never did -- the role of Vulcan science officer Xon in the proposed Star Trek:	David Gautreaux	actor
occupation	Major General William Henry Evered Poole CB, CBE, DSO, ,LOM, Commander of the French Légion d'honneur, Croix de Guerre avec Palme, Mentioned in Despatches, was a South African soldier before and during World War II and afterwards a diplomat.	Evered Poole	diplomat
occupation	James Bonn (aka James West, Jim Fimiani, Jim West) is an American pornographic actor who has appeared in about 90 films.	James Bonn	pornographic actor
occupation	Nippleus Erectus was a drummer of GWAR (played by former White Cross member Rob Mosby), who did all the drumming for Hell-O. He is also credited for the drums on Scumdogs of the Universe, though it was Jizmak Da Gusha who played them.	Nippleus Erectus	drummer
occupation	Theodor Kery (died May 9, 2010) was an Austrian politician, who was the Governor of Burgenland (1966--1987).	Theodor Kery	politician
occupation	Olive Brasno (October 17, 1917 -- January 25, 1998) was a midget dancer and actor who was known for her singing and dancing act with her brother George Brasno.	Olive Brasno	actor
occupation	Charles Luckyth Roberts (August 7, 1887 -- February 5, 1968), better known as Luckey Roberts, was an American composer and stride pianist who worked in the jazz, ragtime, and blues styles.	Luckey Roberts	composer	pianist
occupation	Vincent Riotta is an English-born stage and film actor.	Vincent Riotta	actor
occupation	Charles Proteus Steinmetz (April 9, 1865 -- October 26, 1923) was a German-born American mathematician and electrical engineer.	Charles Proteus Steinmetz	mathematician	electrical engineer
occupation	Dan Naturman (born October 20, 1969) is an American stand-up comedian, who has made numerous appearances on television.	Dan Naturman	comedian
occupation	Shim Mina (born December 10, 1972), known by her stage name, Mina (미나), is a South Korean singer and dancer.	Shim Mina	singer
occupation	Rachel Sarah Herz is both a psychologist and a cognitive neuroscientist, and a recognized expert on the psychology of smell.	Rachel Sarah Herz	psychologist
occupation	Jesús Reyes González (born March 10, 1958) is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, best known under the ring name Máscara Año 2000 or Máscara Año Dos Mil. His ring name is Spanish for ``Mask of the year 2000'', originally referring to the mask Reyes wore while wrestling.	Máscara Año 2000	professional wrestler
occupation	In June 2010, Han Han was interviewed by CNN as China's rebel writer who has become the unofficial voice for his generation.	Han Han	writer
occupation	William Anthony Granville (December 16, 1863 -- February 4, 1943) was an American mathematician, and served as president of Gettysburg College from 1910 until 1923.	William Anthony Granville	mathematician
occupation	Didier Chesneau is a French guitarist (Lag/Elixir/Larrivée/Rocktron), composer (NTS/Wagram), sound engineer and director (Universal, Wagram, EMI, SPV).	Didier Chesneau	composer
occupation	Jehan Vaillant (sometimes spelled Johannes Vayllant) (fl. 1360--90) was a French music composer and theorist.	Jehan Vaillant	composer
occupation	Try Chheang Huot was a Cambodian politician.	Try Chheang Huot	politician
occupation	Sir Henry Lumley Drayton, PC (April 27, 1869 -- August 28, 1950) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.	Henry Lumley Drayton	politician
occupation	Bertrand Burgalat (born 1963) is a French musician, composer and producer.	Bertrand Burgalat	composer
occupation	Roma Baran (born 1946 or 1947) is a Canadian record producer who is best known for her work with Laurie Anderson, Rosalie Sorrels, Annabelle Chvostek, and Kate & Anna McGarrigle.	Roma Baran	record producer
occupation	Louis Attrill is a British rower and Olympics gold medallist.	Louis Attrill	rower
occupation	Yevgeny Katsura (Russian: Евгений Кацура, 1937 -- 1967) was a Russian weightlifter.	Yevgeny Katsura	weightlifter
occupation	Frankie Bones (real name Frank Mitchell) is an American techno and house music disc jockey from New York City.	Frankie Bones	disc jockey
occupation	Juan Guitéras y Gener (or Juan Guiteras) (January 4, 1852 -- October 28, 1925), was a Cuban physician and pathologist specializing in yellow fever.	Juan Guiteras	pathologist
occupation	Francis Whiting Halsey (October 15, 1851 -- November 24, 1919) was an American journalist, editor and historian, born in Unadilla, New York.	Francis Whiting Halsey	journalist	historian
occupation	Gerrit Graham (born November 27, 1949) is an American actor and songwriter.	Gerrit Graham	actor	songwriter
occupation	Stuart Zagnit (sometimes credited as Stan Hart; born March 28, 1952 in New Brunswick, New Jersey) is an American character actor.	Stuart Zagnit	actor
occupation	Liu Yu-chan (Chinese: 柳裕展; born December 20, 1975 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who played for the Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Liu Yu-chan	baseball player
occupation	Lou Donaldson (born November 1, 1926) is a jazz alto saxophonist.	Lou Donaldson	saxophonist
occupation	Robert Warwick (October 9, 1878 -- June 6, 1964) was an American stage, film and television actor with over 200 film appearances.	Robert Warwick	actor
occupation	Anastasiya Bespalova (Russian: Анастаси́я Беспа́лова) is a Russian composer.	Anastasiya Bespalova	composer
occupation	Marc Bouwer is a fashion designer who was raised in South Africa and now works in New York City.	Marc Bouwer	fashion designer
occupation	Elaine de Kooning (March 12, 1918 -- February 1, 1989) was an Abstract Expressionist and Figurative Expressionist painter in the post-World War II era.	Elaine de Kooning	painter
occupation	José David Sierra (born June 10, 1980), better known as Jessica Wild, is a Puerto Rican drag queen, professional make-up artist, and reality television personality.	Jessica Wild	make-up artist
occupation	Geraldine Valentino-Smith (born March 5, 1964) is an American politician who represents district 23A in the Maryland House of Delegates and a former member of the Bowie City Council.	Geraldine Valentino-Smith	politician
occupation	Anthony Lapsley (born February 13, 1980) is an American professional mixed martial artist, who most recently competed in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Anthony Lapsley	mixed martial artist
occupation	Nancy Nash is a Canadian blues and pop singer, who has recorded and performed both under her birth name and as Sazacha Red Sky.	Nancy Nash	singer
occupation	Vernon Louis Parrington (August 3, 1871 -- June 16, 1929) was an American literary historian and scholar.	Vernon Louis Parrington	literary historian
occupation	Bill Aron is an American photographer known as an environmental portrait photographer and a chronicler of Jewish communities around the world.	Bill Aron	photographer
occupation	Kevin Ceballo (born October 12, 1977) is a singer of salsa music of Puerto Rican descent.	Kevin Ceballo	singer
occupation	Alley Baggett (born July 14, 1973) is an American glamour model.	Alley Baggett	model
occupation	Ann S. Almgren is an American applied mathematician who works as a staff scientist and acting group leader of the Center for Computational Sciences and Engineering at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.	Ann S. Almgren	mathematician
occupation	Dawn Langstroth (born April 16, 1979) is a Toronto-based singer/songwriter and painter.	Dawn Langstroth	singer	painter
occupation	Samuel Isham (1855--1914) was an American portrait and figure painter, born in New York.	Samuel Isham	painter
occupation	Mohsen Ghanebasiri (born 1949 in Tehran) is an epistemologist, chemist, author and theorist on economy, culture, arts (cybernetics) and management.	Mohsen Ghanebasiri	chemist
occupation	Thomas Horsley was a sixteenth-century English magistrate and Lord Mayor.	Thomas Horsley	magistrate
occupation	Walter Matthysse (born August 29, 1978) is an Argentine professional boxer who fights at light middleweight, and is a former welterweight world title challenger.	Walter Matthysse	boxer
occupation	Nenad Borovčanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Боровчанин) (born March 25, 1979 in Loznica) is a Serbian boxer.	Nenad Borovčanin	boxer
occupation	Michael Wiseman (born 1966 or 1967) is an American television and film actor.	Michael Wiseman	actor
occupation	George Rex Graham (January 18, 1813 -- July 13, 1894) was a journalist, editor, and publishing entrepreneur from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	George Rex Graham	journalist
occupation	Jim Banks (born July 16, 1979) is an American politician and Republican member of the Indiana Senate.	Jim Banks	politician
occupation	Olivia Palermo (born February 28, 1986) is an American socialite.	Olivia Palermo	socialite
occupation	Haakon Shetelig (June 25, 1877 - July 22, 1955) was a Norwegian archaeologist, historian and museum director.	Haakon Shetelig	archaeologist
occupation	Helge N. Albrektsen (born 1950) is a Norwegian lawyer, writer and former politician.	Helge N. Albrektsen	politician
occupation	Charles Eugene Branstool (born December 13, 1936) is an American politician of the Democratic party.	Eugene Branstool	politician
occupation	Dylan McGrath (born 1977) is an award-winning Irish celebrity head chef.	Dylan McGrath	chef
occupation	Imre Simon (August 14, 1943 -- August 13, 2009) was a Hungarian-born Brazilian mathematician and computer scientist.	Imre Simon	mathematician	computer scientist
occupation	Kathryn Rosemary Bullard (born January 27, 1987), known as Katy Rose, is an American singer, songwriter, producer, musician and actress.	Katy Rose	singer, songwriter
occupation	Jean de Cointac, also Contat or Cointa, was a former French Dominican friar who was one of the voyagers attempting the French colonization of Brazil called France Antarctique.	Jean de Cointac	friar
occupation	Aaron of Alexandria was a physician active in the 7th century.	Aaron of Alexandria	physician
occupation	Dean E. Fischer (born ca. 1936) was a United States journalist with Time who served as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs from 1981 to 1982.	Dean E. Fischer	journalist
occupation	Dr. W. Gene Corley, P.E. was an American structural engineer and ``preeminent expert on building collapse investigations and building codes.''	W. Gene Corley	engineer
occupation	Jonas Folger (born August 13, 1993) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer who currently is a rider in the Moto2 World Championship.	Jonas Folger	motorcycle racer
occupation	At around the same time, Perpessicius focused some of his studies on the work of Lazăr Şăineanu, a linguist and folklorist whom specialized criticism of the time had come to ignore.	Perpessicius	linguist
occupation	Farhatullah Babar (Urdu: فرحت اللہ بابر ‎) is a Pakistani technocrat, left-wing statesman, Chemical engineer, and former press secretary of the former President Asif Zardari.	Farhatullah Babar	engineer
occupation	Hani Elteir (Arabic: هاني الطير‎; born May 10, 1981) is an Egyptian former swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events.	Hani Elteir	swimmer
occupation	Guillaume Alexis (precise birth and death dates unknown) was a French Benedictine monk and poet of the late 15th and early 16th centuries, nicknamed the ``Good Monk''.	Guillaume Alexis	poet
occupation	Paul Baskis is an Illinois biochemist, who, in the 1980s found a way of synthetically producing oil from industrial and household wastes without expending more energy than is produced.	Paul Baskis	biochemist
occupation	Harry Horner (July 24, 1910 - December 5, 1994) was an Austro-Hungarian-born American art director who made a successful career in Hollywood as an Academy Award winning art director and as a feature film and television director.	Harry Horner	art director
occupation	Horace Grant Underwood (July 19, 1859 - October 12, 1916) was a Presbyterian missionary, educator, and translator who dedicated his life to developing Korean society and Christianity.	Horace Grant Underwood	translator
occupation	Yehua Dennis Wei (Simplified Chinese: 魏也华, born in Zhejiang, China in 1963) is a Chinese-American geographer.	Yehua Dennis Wei	geographer
occupation	Charles I. Dawson (February 13, 1881 -- April 24, 1969) was a lawyer and politician from Kentucky who ran several high profile campaigns as the nominee of the Republican party, and served for ten years as a United States federal judge.	Charles I. Dawson	lawyer	politician	judge
occupation	Bedo Aeddren (fl. c. 1500) was a Welsh language poet from the area that is now Denbighshire, north-east Wales.	Bedo Aeddren	poet
occupation	Steven P. Perskie (born January 10, 1945 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a former New Jersey Superior Court judge in Atlantic City, New Jersey and a former Democratic Party politician from Margate City, New Jersey.	Steven P. Perskie	politician
occupation	Helen C. Frederick (born 1945 in Pennsylvania) is an American artist, known mainly for printed media and large-scale works created by hand papermaking as a medium of expression that often incorporate the use of language.	Helen C. Frederick	artist
occupation	Jerzy Dąbrowski (September 8, 1899 - September 17, 1967) was a Polish aeronautical engineer.	Jerzy Dąbrowski	engineer
occupation	Arturo Santos Hernández (born July 9, 1987) is a Mexican Luchador or professional wrestler and bodybuilder, better known by his ring name Mini Charly Manson.	Mini Charly Manson	professional wrestler
occupation	Peter Buchman (born July 13, 1967) is an American screenwriter and his writing credits include the screenplays for Jurassic Park III.	Peter Buchman	screenwriter
occupation	Alex Nevil (born January 25, 1965) is an American actor and younger brother of 1980s pop musician Robbie Nevil.	Alex Nevil	actor
occupation	Cameron McGlinchey is the former drummer of the Australian band Rogue Traders.	Cameron McGlinchey	drummer
occupation	Mangesh Panchal (born December 27, 1973) is an Indian-born Dutch One Day International cricketer.	Mangesh Panchal	cricketer
occupation	Lisa Owen, is a Mexican actress and writer.	Lisa Owen	writer
occupation	Kevin J. Tracey, a neurosurgeon and inventor, is the president and CEO of the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research, professor of neurosurgery and molecular medicine at Hofstra North Shore LIJ School of Medicine, and President of the Elmezzi Graduate School of Molecular Medicine in Manhasset, New York.	Kevin J. Tracey	neurosurgeon
occupation	Donald Alexander Cochrane is a Canadian composer, responsible for compositions, including symphonies, quintets and mixed choral/orchestra pieces.	Donald Alexander Cochrane	composer
occupation	Michael Arabian was a playwright and novelist of the early 20th century.	Michael Arabian	novelist
occupation	Sheila Scott Macintyre (née Sheila Scott, April 23, 1910 - March 21, 1960) was a Scottish mathematician best known for her work on the Whittaker constant.	Sheila Scott Macintyre	mathematician
occupation	David Peck Todd (March 19, 1855 -- June 1, 1939) was a noted American astronomer.	David Peck Todd	astronomer
occupation	Maria Markova (Russian: Мария Александровна Маркова) is a Russian poet.	Maria Markova	poet
occupation	William Thomas Rawleigh was a businessman and politician in the state of Illinois.	William Thomas Rawleigh	politician
occupation	Martín López-Zubero Purcell (born April 23, 1969), also known as Martin Zubero, is a former competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist.	Martín López-Zubero	swimmer
occupation	Susumu Yokota (横田 進 Yokota Susumu, or ススム・ヨコタ Susumu Yokota) was a Japanese composer.	Susumu Yokota	composer
occupation	Roland Manookian (born 8 September 1979) is an English actor, who is most notable for his role as Zebedee, in the 2004 film The Football Factory, and as Craig Rolfe in Rise of the Footsoldier in 2007.	Roland Manookian	actor
occupation	Paul Westcott (born April 22, 1984) is an American radio host, political commentator, and blogger.	Paul Westcott	radio host
occupation	Ahmad Khalaf al-Dulaimi (Arabic: احمد خلف الدليمي‎, also Ahmad Khalaf Muhammad al-Dulaimi, Ahmed Khalaf Dheyabi) is an Iraqi politician and the Governor of Al Anbar province since August 2013.	Ahmad Khalaf al-Dulaimi	politician
occupation	David Bravo Bueno (born February 20, 1978) is a Spanish lawyer specialized in intellectual property rights.	David Bravo Bueno	lawyer
occupation	Gijs Hoetjes, writing under the pseudonym Gijs IJlander (born Alkmaar, May 19, 1947) is a Dutch writer.	Gijs IJlander	writer
occupation	Samuel Hafenreffer (1587--1660) was a German physician, who in 1660 introduced the definition of pruritus.	Samuel Hafenreffer	physician
occupation	Mitchell Kennerley (August 14, 1878 - February 22, 1950) was an American publisher, editor, and gallery owner.	Mitchell Kennerley	publisher
occupation	Morton DaCosta (March 7, 1914 -- January 26, 1989) was an American theatre and film director, film producer, writer, and actor.	Morton DaCosta	film director	film producer	actor
occupation	Paul O'Dea (July 3, 1920 -- December 11, 1978) was an American professional baseball player, manager and scout.	Paul O'Dea	baseball player
occupation	Randall W. Eberts (born May 18, 1951) is an American economist who specializes in the public workforce system, public finance, urban economics, labor economics, infrastructure and productivity, and policies promoting student achievement.	Randall W. Eberts	economist
occupation	Violet Kazue de Cristoforo (September 3, 1917 -- October 3, 2007) was a Japanese American poet, composer and translator of haiku.	Violet Kazue de Cristoforo	poet	composer
occupation	Jan Goodwin is an author and investigative journalist with a focus on war, conflict and human rights, women's issues and the Islamic world.	Jan Goodwin	journalist
occupation	Nawang Dorje Sherpa, is a Nepalese mountaineer and mountain guide, best known for the first ascent of Dhaulagiri, as a member of Helvetic-Austrian expedition and many ascents in the mountains of the Himalaya Range.	Nawang Dorje	mountaineer
occupation	Ian Shepherd (born 1971) is a British mastering engineer, Blu-ray and DVD author.	Ian Shepherd	mastering engineer
occupation	Nataliya Khudyakova (Ukrainian: Наталія Худякова; born February 8, 1985 in Brovary, Kiev Oblast) is a Ukrainian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Nataliya Khudyakova	swimmer
occupation	Blanche Marvin MBE, (born 1925, formerly Blanche Zohar), is a UK-based, American theatre critic, producer, playwright and former actor.	Blanche Marvin	playwright
occupation	Charles Henry Webb (January 24, 1834 -- May 24, 1905) was an American poet, author and journalist.	Charles Henry Webb	poet	journalist
occupation	Florence Hershman is an American writer of over a dozen romance novels since 1977, well known as Diana Haviland, she also wrote a novel as Diana Browning.	Diana Browning	writer
occupation	Robert E. Kent (1911 in Canal Zone, Panama -- 1984) was an American film writer and film producer.	Robert E. Kent	film producer
occupation	Dino Geromella (Pula, Croatia, 1984) is an Italian journalist, author and cultural manager, also known for a controversy with his editor, after they offered him cakes instead of payment for his work.	Dino Geromella	journalist
occupation	Judith Josephine Grossman (January 21, 1923 -- September 12, 1997), who took the pen-name Judith Merril about 1945, was an American and then Canadian science fiction writer, editor and political activist, and one of the first women to be widely influential in those roles.	Judith Merril	writer
occupation	Tamara Černá is a Czech photographer.	Tamara Černá	photographer
occupation	Charles Neal Barney (June 27, 1875 - April 24, 1949) was a Massachusetts politician who served as a member of the Common Council and as the 31st Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Charles Neal Barney	politician
occupation	Michael Sergio is an actor, most famous for parachuting into Shea Stadium during Game 6 of the 1986 World Series, wearing a sign proclaiming ``Let's Go Mets''.	Michael Sergio	actor
occupation	Elisa Gabbai was a German-singing Israeli singer who became famous in the late 1960s.	Elisa Gabbai	singer
occupation	Sharron Kraus is an English singer, songwriter and musician with strong ties to the US.	Sharron Kraus	singer, songwriter
occupation	Narding Anzures was a Filipino film actor and convicted murderer.	Narding Anzures	actor
occupation	James Griffith (February 13, 1916 -- September 17, 1993) was an American character actor, musician and screenwriter.	James Griffith	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Rupinder Nagra is an actor who has been working Internationally.	Rupinder Nagra	actor
occupation	Dianne Cohler-Esses, who grew up in New York, is the first Syrian-Jewish woman to become a rabbi, and the first Syrian-Jewish non-Orthodox rabbi.	Dianne Cohler-Esses	rabbi
occupation	Serafino Raffaele Minich or Serafin Rafael Minić (December 8, 1808 -- May 29, 1883) was a Croatian-Italian mathematician.	Serafino Raffaele Minich	mathematician
occupation	Arthur Alper (born June 4, 1928 in Los Angeles, California) is an American former volleyball player.	Arthur Alper	volleyball player
occupation	Dimosthenis Dogkas (Greek: Δημοσθένης Δόγκας, died October 25, 1905) was a Greek politician from Elis.	Dimosthenis Dogkas	politician
occupation	Bénéwendé Stanislas Sankara (born February 23, 1959) is a Burkinabé politician and the President of the Union for Rebirth/Sankarist Movement (UNIR/MS) party.	Bénéwendé Stanislas Sankara	politician
occupation	Scott McQuaig (born January 27, 1959, in Meridian, Mississippi) is an American country music singer-songwriter.	Scott McQuaig	singer-songwriter
occupation	Delby Powless (born July 3, 1980), is a Mohawk lacrosse player from the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation near Brantford, Ontario.	Delby Powless	lacrosse player
occupation	Annie Gallup is an American singer/songwriter.	Annie Gallup	singer
occupation	Mattos Nascimento is a Brazilian musician, singer, composer and trombonist.	Mattos Nascimento	singer
occupation	A prolific writer, Chrysippus expanded the fundamental doctrines of Zeno of Citium, the founder of the school, which earned him the title of Second Founder of Stoicism.	Chrysippus	writer
occupation	Giorgio Cavaglieri (August 11, 1911 -- May 15, 2007) was an Italian American architectural preservationist and painter of gouaches.	Giorgio Cavaglieri	painter
occupation	Imants Lancmanis (born July 29, 1941) is Latvian painter and art historian.	Imants Lancmanis	art historian
occupation	Carlos Cortez (August 13, 1923 -- January 19, 2005) was a poet, graphic artist, photographer, muralist and political activist, active for six decades in the Industrial Workers of the World.	Carlos Cortez	artist	photographer
occupation	Ray Weymann is a retired astronomer and astrophysicist, associated with the Carnegie Institution of Washington.	Ray Weymann	astronomer
occupation	George Henry Boker (October 6, 1823 -- January 2, 1890) was an American poet, playwright, and diplomat.	George Henry Boker	diplomat
occupation	Sirilal Kodikara is a novelist, poet, journalist, and radio play writer who writes in Sinhala.	Sirilal Kodikara	journalist
occupation	Xie Xide (Chinese: 謝希德; pinyin: Xiè Xīdé; 1921--2000), also known as Hsi-teh Hsieh and as Hilda Hsieh, was a Chinese physicist.	Xie Xide	physicist
occupation	Lorne Honickman is a lawyer and journalist in Toronto, Canada.	Lorne Honickman	lawyer	journalist
occupation	Heather Graham Pozzessere (born March 15, 1953) is a best-selling US writer, who writes primarily romance novels.	Heather Graham Pozzessere	writer
occupation	Stacy Landis, better known by his stage name Skatterman (pronounced Scātterman), is an American rapper from Kansas City, Missouri.	Skatterman	rapper
occupation	Santiago Fierro Fierro (born October 29, 1921) is a Mexican politician and medical doctor.	Santiago Fierro Fierro	politician
occupation	Irva Hertz-Picciotto (born c. 1948), is an environmental epidemiologist best known for her studies of autism.	Irva Hertz-Picciotto	epidemiologist
occupation	Pierre-Richard Prosper (born 1963) is an American lawyer, prosecutor and former government official.	Pierre-Richard Prosper	lawyer
occupation	Ernst Arnold Kohlschütter (July 6, 1883 -- May 28, 1969) was a German astronomer and astrophysicist from Halle.	Arnold Kohlschütter	astronomer	astrophysicist
occupation	Osao Chosei Funahara (born December 10, 1953) is a musician and film director and producer.	Chosei Funahara	film director
occupation	Anette Wilhelm (born Anette Svensson on March 22, 1972) is a Swedish wheelchair curler.	Anette Wilhelm	curler
occupation	Toni Wilhelm (born 1983) is a German competitive windsurfer.	Toni Wilhelm	windsurfer
occupation	Victor Neumann (born October 28, 1953) is a Romanian historian, political analyst, and professor at the West University in Timişoara.	Victor Neumann	historian
occupation	Kurt Philipp (born July 11, 1928) is a prominent Austrian painter.	Kurt Philipp	painter
occupation	Michael Halsey is a British actor who has appeared in many series including Blake's 7 and Are You Being Served?.	Michael Halsey	actor
occupation	Tim Rogerson is an American painter of Disney Fine Art who was an official artist of the 2006 Winter Olympic Games in Turin, Italy.	Tim Rogerson	painter
occupation	Paul Pastur (February 7, 1866 -- June 8, 1938) was a Belgian lawyer and politician from Hainaut.	Paul Pastur	politician
occupation	Mathew St. Patrick (born Patrick Mathews; March 17, 1968) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of Keith Charles on the HBO drama television series Six Feet Under.	Mathew St. Patrick	actor
occupation	Serranus Clinton Hastings (November 22, 1814 -- February 18, 1893) was a 19th-century politician, rancher and a prominent lawyer in the United States.	Serranus Clinton Hastings	politician	lawyer
occupation	Tyson Gay (born August 9, 1982) is an American track and field sprinter, who competes in the 100 and 200 meters dash.	Tyson Gay	sprinter
occupation	Patrice Stellest, (a.k.a. ``Stellest''; born May 23, 1953) is a Swiss, painter, sculptor and filmmaker.	Patrice Stellest	sculptor
occupation	Marjorie Bransfield is an American former actress, who was married to actor James Belushi (22 September 1990 - April 1992).	Marjorie Bransfield	actor
occupation	Nobu McCarthy (November 13, 1934 -- April 6, 2002) was a Japanese Canadian actress, stage director, and fashion model.	Nobu McCarthy	model
occupation	Mike Campese (born April 2, in Albany, New York) is an American guitarist and composer best known for being a member of the multi-platinum group Trans-Siberian Orchestra.	Mike Campese	composer
occupation	Richard Divall AO, OBE (born 9 September 1945, Sydney) is a conductor and musicologist.	Richard Divall	conductor	musicologist
occupation	Abdias do Nascimento (March 14, 1914 -- May 23, 2011) was a prominent Afro-Brazilian scholar, artist, and politician.	Abdias do Nascimento	artist	politician
occupation	PeterLicht is a German electropop musician and author from Cologne signed with the record label Motor Music, best known for his 2001 single Sonnendeck.	PeterLicht	author
occupation	Rodolfo González Pacheco (1882--1949) was an Argentine writer, playwright, orator, anarchistic journalist and activist.	Rodolfo González Pacheco	journalist
occupation	Michał Jelonek (born May 30, 1971), also known as Jelonek, is a musician and composer.	Michał Jelonek	musician	composer
occupation	Lincoln Peirce (pronounced ``purse'') is an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the Big Nate comic strip.	Lincoln Peirce	cartoonist
occupation	Ioannis Kalogeras (Greek: Ιωάννης Καλογεράς) was a Greek army officer and politician.	Ioannis Kalogeras	politician
occupation	Clive Gregson's professional music career started as he took the role of lead-singer of Any Trouble, the band he had co-founded in the mid 1970s, assuming the role of lead singer, songwriter and rhythm guitarist, after co-founder Tom Jackson left.	Clive Gregson	singer, songwriter
occupation	Espiridion Laxa (December 18, 1929 -- September 15, 2009) was a Filipino lawyer and film producer.	Espiridion Laxa	lawyer
occupation	Ann Friedman is an American magazine editor, journalist, podcaster, and pie chart artist.	Ann Friedman	journalist
occupation	Georg Franck-Oberaspach is an architect/urban planner, computer programmer, economist, and philosopher.	Georg Franck	architect
occupation	Ayla Malik (Urdu:عائلہ ملک) is a Pakistani politician and journalist who served as the Member of National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 on a reserved seat for women.	Ayla Malik	politician
occupation	David Buskin (born December 13, 1943 in New York City) is a singer, songwriter, performer, author, playwright, jingle composer and girls'' basketball coach.	David Buskin	composer
occupation	Alexis Petridis (born 13 September 1971 in Sunderland) is an English journalist, head rock and pop critic for the UK newspaper The Guardian, as well as a regular and contributor to the magazine GQ.	Alexis Petridis	journalist
occupation	Anisha Nicole Gwynn, (born August 8, 1985 in San Diego, California) better known by the stage names Anisha Nicole and Nee-Nee Gwynn, is an R&B, hip hop, and pop singer.	Anisha Nicole	singer
occupation	Michael Werikhe Kafabusa, commonly known as Werikhe Kafabusa, is a Ugandan politician.	Werikhe Kafabusa	politician
occupation	Willie Strath (born c. 1842) was a Scottish professional golfer.	Willie Strath	golfer
occupation	A bequest by the late William Shirley Fulton, pioneer Arizona archaeologist and founder of the Amerind Foundation of Dragoon, Arizona.	William Shirley Fulton	archaeologist
occupation	Jamil Nasser, born George Joyner (June 21, 1932 -- February 13, 2010) and also credited on some of Ahmad Jamal's recordings as Jamil Sulieman, was an American jazz musician.	Jamil Nasser	jazz musician
occupation	François Hotman (August 23, 1524 -- February 12, 1590) was a French Protestant lawyer and writer, associated with the legal humanists and with the monarchomaques, who struggled against absolute monarchy.	François Hotman	writer
occupation	Antônio Augusto de Moraes Liberato (São Paulo, April 10, 1959), better known as Gugu Liberato, is a Brazilian television presenter, entrepreneur, actor and singer.	Gugu Liberato	actor
occupation	Giovanni Battista Ramacciotti was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, as well as a engraver and priest, active in Siena.	Giovanni Battista Ramacciotti	painter
occupation	Alaa Shili (born December 11, 1988) is a Tunisian boxer who won the featherweight silver at the 2007 All-Africa Games and to qualified for the 2008 Olympics.	Alaa Shili	boxer
occupation	János Szlepecz (Slovene: Janoš Slepec, or Ivan Slepec, June 14, 1872 -- June 29, 1936) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest, dean and writer.	János Szlepecz	priest
occupation	Arnold Raum (October 27, 1908 -- February 13, 1999) served as a judge on the United States Tax Court from 1950 to 1998.	Arnold Raum	judge
occupation	Senenmut (sometimes spelled Senmut, Senemut, or Senmout) was an 18th dynasty ancient Egyptian architect and government official.	Senenmut	architect
occupation	Robert Terry Everett (born February 15, 1937) is an American politician and a Republican former member of the United States House of Representatives from Alabama's 2nd congressional district.	Terry Everett	politician
occupation	Jackie Gayle (March 1, 1926 -- November 23, 2002), born Jack Potovsky, was an American standup comedian and actor.	Jackie Gayle	actor
occupation	Joe Minoso is an American theater and television actor.	Joe Minoso	actor
occupation	Aaron Arrowsmith (1750--1823) was an English cartographer, engraver and publisher and founding member of the Arrowsmith family of geographers.	Aaron Arrowsmith	cartographer	publisher
occupation	Henry Sargent (baptized November 25, 1770 -- February 21, 1845), American painter and military man, was born in Gloucester, Massachusetts.	Henry Sargent	painter
occupation	Elizabeth Chadwick is an author of historical fictions.	Elizabeth Chadwick	author
occupation	The travel writer Pausanias listed Solon among the seven sages whose aphorisms adorned Apollo's temple in Delphi.	Solon	writer
occupation	Anthony D. Galluccio (born 1967) is a former US Massachusetts State Senator, and a Democratic politician having won the seat vacated by Jarrett T. Barrios.	Anthony D. Galluccio	politician
occupation	Nicolas Antoine (c.1602 -- April 20, 1632) was a French Protestant theologian and pastor who attempted to convert to Judaism, although he was never officially admitted to Judaism, due to fears by the Jewish community that persecutions would happen if it became known that he was an apostate of Christianity.	Nicolas Antoine	pastor
occupation	Every time the cowboy actor Lash LaRue came in town, he came by.	Lash LaRue	actor
occupation	Christopher Haydon is a British theatre director and the current Artistic Director of the Gate Theatre in London.	Christopher Haydon	theatre director
occupation	George Chenier (January 14, 1907-- November 11, 1970) was a Canadian snooker player widely regarded as the best player Canada has ever produced.	George Chenier	snooker player
occupation	Sophilos (active about 590 -- 570 BC) was an Attic potter and vase painter in the black-figure style.	Sophilos	vase painter
occupation	Alexandru Ghika (June 22, 1902 -- April 11, 1964) was a Romanian mathematician, founder of the Romanian school of functional analysis.	Alexandru Ghika	mathematician
occupation	Lou Rae is a Tasmanian author and historian of the West Coast of Tasmania.	Lou Rae	historian
occupation	Jaffar Nazir (born August 16, 1977 in Muridke, Punjab) is a Pakistani first class cricketer.	Jaffar Nazir	cricketer
occupation	Emlyn Aubrey (born January 28, 1964) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour, Nationwide Tour and the predecessor to the Asian Tour.	Emlyn Aubrey	golfer
occupation	Liz Van Dort (born in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian singer who appeared on the Resurgence (UK) and Prikosnovenie (France) labels, as well as recording with artists such as Daevid Allen and contributing her vocals to film and TV soundtracks.	Liz Van Dort	singer
occupation	Youssouf Sambo Bâ (born May 10, 1942 in Boborgou, Niger) is a Burkinabé politician and retired teacher.	Youssouf Sambo Bâ	politician
occupation	Joan d'Aubusson or d'Albusson (fl. 1229), known as Johan or Johanet to Occitan contemporaries (Giovanni in Italian), was an Auvergnat (possibly Limousin) troubadour and a Ghibelline.	Joan d'Aubusson	troubadour
occupation	Caroline Watt (born 1962) is a Scottish parapsychologist and psychologist.	Caroline Watt	psychologist
occupation	Dale Houston (April 23, 1940 -- September 27, 2007) was an American singer who, along with his performing partner, Grace Broussard, hit the Billboard chart as Dale & Grace with two rock and roll singles.	Dale Houston	singer
occupation	Marlene Zuk (born May 20, 1956) is an American evolutionary biologist and behavioral ecologist.	Marlene Zuk	biologist
occupation	Abby Zotz is a Canadian singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and actress.	Abby Zotz	singer
occupation	William C. Lamont (born November 25, 1827 Charlotteville, Schoharie County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	William C. Lamont	politician
occupation	Erasmus Reinhold (October 22, 1511 -- February 19, 1553) was a German astronomer and mathematician, considered to be the most influential astronomical pedagogue of his generation.	Erasmus Reinhold	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Gabriel Garrido is an Argentinian conductor specialising in Italian baroque and the recovery of the baroque musical heritage of Latin America.	Gabriel Garrido	conductor
occupation	Henry-Russell Hitchcock (1903--1987) was a leading American architectural historian of his generation.	Henry-Russell Hitchcock	historian
occupation	Big Herk (born Amery Dennard on August 30, 1969) is an American rapper from Detroit, Michigan.	Big Herk	rapper
occupation	Marcelo Del Debbio (born September 9, 1974) is a Brazilian architect (graduated from FAU-USP) and writer, with specialization in semiotics, History of Art and World Religion, best known from his several works in Role Playing Games, comparative mythology, comparative religion, esoteric and masonic texts.	Marcelo Del Debbio	writer
occupation	Sean Punch (born July 27, 1967) is a Canadian writer and game designer.	Sean Punch	writer
occupation	Stanisław Chełchowski (February 26, 1866, Chojnowo near Przasnysz -- March 23, 1907, Ciechanów) was a Polish naturalist (botanist and mycologist), ethnographer and activist (social, educational and political).	Stanisław Chełchowski	mycologist
occupation	Roger Wehrbein (born August 18, 1938) is an American politician and a former member of the unicameral Nebraska Legislature.	Roger Wehrbein	politician
occupation	Gavin Bradley is an award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and producer based in Toronto who has worked with artists like Nelly Furtado, Tori Amos and Jane Siberry.	Gavin Bradley	singer
occupation	Yadin Dudai (born December 8, 1944) is a neuroscientist, the Sara and Michael Sela Chair of Neurobiology at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel, and the Albert and Blanche Willner Family Global Distinguished Professor of Neural Science at New York University (NYU).	Yadin Dudai	neuroscientist
occupation	James W. Parkinson (born 1949) is a California lawyer and an activist for reparations to be paid to Americans who were slave laborers for private Japanese companies during World War II. Parkinson was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.	James W. Parkinson	lawyer
occupation	Roy London (March 3, 1943 -- August 8, 1993) was an American actor, acting coach and teacher.	Roy London	actor
occupation	Simon Hale is a British composer, arranger, and keyboardist.	Simon Hale	composer
occupation	Shai Linne (born August 21, 1974) is an American East Coast Christian rapper.	Shai Linne	rapper
occupation	Robert Lima is an American, poet, literary critic, bibliographer, playwright, editor, biographer, and translator.	Robert Lima	translator
occupation	Jane Wenham-Jones is an author, journalist, presenter, interviewer, creative writing tutor, writing competition judge, and speaker who lives in Broadstairs, Kent, a town that appears in two of her novels.	Jane Wenham-Jones	journalist
occupation	Jon Sistiaga as a journalist and José Couso as camera operator.	José Couso	camera operator
occupation	The son of the French-born ceramic artist Antonin Boullemier, who had moved to Stoke in 1872 to work as a decorator at Minton's factory, Lucien Boullemier worked as a ceramic artist and painter.	Lucien Boullemier	painter
occupation	James Morrison (born June 26, 1942) is an American retired professional wrestler and manager, better known by his ring name, J.J. Dillon.	J.J. Dillon	professional wrestler
occupation	Giovanni da Milano (Giovanni di Jacopo di Guido da Caversaccio) was an Italian painter, known to be active in Florence and Rome between 1346 and 1369.	Giovanni da Milano	painter
occupation	Singireddy Harivardhan Reddy (born in Hyderabad, India) is an Indian politician and the present Corporator of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation(GHMC) of Habsiguda, Hyderabad.	Singireddy Harivardhan Reddy	politician
occupation	Nahum Shahaf (Hebrew: נחום שחף‎) is an Israeli physicist who specializes in ballistics and film technology.	Nahum Shahaf	physicist
occupation	Lucius Caesetius Flavus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman politician and tribune of the people (tribunus plebis).	Lucius Caesetius Flavus	politician
occupation	Johnny Laboriel (born Juan José Laboriel López, July 9, 1942 -- September 18, 2013) was a Mexican rock and roll singer.	Johnny Laboriel	singer
occupation	Álvaro Vargas Llosa is a Senior Fellow at the Independent Institute, who has been a nationally syndicated columnist for the Washington Post Writers Group, and is the author of the book Liberty for Latin America, which obtained the Sir Anthony Fisher International Memorial Award for its contribution to the cause of freedom in 2005.	Álvaro Vargas Llosa	author
occupation	Juliana Hatfield (born July 27, 1967) is an American musician and singer-songwriter from the Boston area.	Juliana Hatfield	singer-songwriter
occupation	Susan Sontag (/ˈsɒntæɡ/; January 16, 1933 -- December 28, 2004) was an American writer and filmmaker, teacher and political activist.	Susan Sontag	writer
occupation	Jean Farmer-Butterfield (born October 21, 1947) is an American politician and Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly, representing the state's twenty-fourth House district since 2003.	Jean Farmer-Butterfield	politician
occupation	Baek Ji-young (Hangul: 백지영, born March 25, 1976) is a South Korean pop ballad singer.	Baek Ji-young	singer
occupation	Bogumiła Berdychowska (born 1964) is a Polish writer and journalist, often writing about the Polish minorities in the former USSR and their history.	Bogumiła Berdychowska	journalist
occupation	Jeff Kassel is a Canadian actor who starred as Ron Mitchell in the FX television series Testees.	Jeff Kassel	actor
occupation	Xanthos Hadjisoteriou was an acclaimed Cypriot painter and interior designer.	Xanthos Hadjisoteriou	painter
occupation	Barry A. Love M.D. is a cardiologist specializing in pediatric and congenital heart problems.	Barry A. Love	cardiologist
occupation	Richard Henry Alvey (March 6, 1826 -- September 14, 1906) was an American jurist who served as chief judge of the supreme court of the U.S. state of Maryland, the Court of Appeals, and the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.	Richard Henry Alvey	judge
occupation	Rutherford B. Irones (March 4, 1877 -- February 13, 1948) was a physician and an American Republican politician from California.	Rutherford B. Irones	politician
occupation	Thomas Francis Murphy (December 3, 1905 -- October 26, 1995) was a federal prosecutor and judge in New York City.	Thomas Francis Murphy	judge
occupation	Alan Gauld (born 1932) is a British parapsychologist, psychologist and writer best known for his research on the history of hypnotism.	Alan Gauld	psychologist
occupation	John Mann Goggin (May 27, 1916, Chicago -- May 4, 1963, Gainesville) was a cultural anthropologist in the southwest, southeast, Mexico, and Caribbean, primarily focusing on the ethnology, cultural history, and typology of artifacts from archaeological sites.	John Mann Goggin	anthropologist
occupation	Yi Han-cheol(이한철, b.1808 ~ d. ?) was a painter of Joseon.	Yi Han-cheol	painter
occupation	General Kārlis Goppers (April 2, 1876, Plāņi parish -- March 25, 1941 at Ulbroka) was a Latvian military officer and the founder and President of Latvijas Skautu un Gaidu Centrālā Organizācija.	Kārlis Goppers	officer
occupation	Geronimo Meynier (born 1941) is a retired Italian teen film actor who starred in Italian cinema of the 1950s and early 1960s.	Geronimo Meynier	actor
occupation	Phyllis Nelson (October 3, 1950 -- January 12, 1998) was an American singer, most famous for her UK chart-topping recording, ``Move Closer''.	Phyllis Nelson	singer
occupation	Lee Si-young (born Lee Eun-rae on April 17, 1982) is a South Korean actress and amateur boxer.	Lee Si-young	boxer
occupation	Ferenc Koncz (born October 2, 1959) is a Hungarian teacher and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szerencs (Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County Constituency XI) from 2010 to 2014.	Ferenc Koncz	politician
occupation	František Kasanič (born 2 March 1976) is a Slovak pro boxer.	František Kasanič	boxer
occupation	Tommaso Tommasina (Novara, Piedmont, November 26, 1855 - 1935) was an Italian painter and sculptor.	Tommaso Tommasina	painter
occupation	Luis A. Berdiel Rivera (born October 8, 1962 in Adjuntas, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician and member of the Senate of Puerto Rico since 2009.	Luis A. Berdiel Rivera	politician
occupation	Ryan Blair (born July 14, 1977) is an American entrepreneur and author.	Ryan Blair	entrepreneur
occupation	Ricky Dean Logan is an American actor who has been in movies and on television.	Ricky Dean Logan	actor
occupation	Joseph Gangemi is a screenwriter and novelist.	Joseph Gangemi	screenwriter	novelist
occupation	Mary Jocelyn Burgener (née Rivers; March 4, 1949) is a businesswoman and politician.	Jocelyn Burgener	politician
occupation	Michael Hankinson was a British screenwriter, film editor and director.	Michael Hankinson	screenwriter
occupation	Serdar Avcı (born July 1, 1985) is a Turkish boxer in the bantamweight (54 kg) discipline.	Serdar Avcı	boxer
occupation	Robert McMurtry is a physician and special advisor to the Canadian Royal Commission on the Future of Health Care.	Robert McMurtry	physician
occupation	Iseabail Ní Mheic Cailéin, Gaelic noblewoman and poet, fl.	Iseabail Ní Mheic Cailéin	poet
occupation	Mark Ronald is an American engineer with strong ties to the defense industry.	Mark Ronald	engineer
occupation	Rafael Quiñones Vidal (November 13, 1892 in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico -- March 7, 1988) was a journalist and a radio and television Master of Ceremonies.	Rafael Quiñones Vidal	journalist
occupation	Víctor Manuel Báez Chino (died 14 June 2012) was a Mexican crime journalist and editor for the digital edition of the Milenio newspaper in Xalapa and an editor for the crime-oriented website Reporteros Policiacos.	Víctor Manuel Báez	journalist
occupation	Nat Quansah is a botanist from Ghana, and a doctorate in philosophy.	Nat Quansah	botanist
occupation	Joseph Hitches (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played in major matches during the 1740s, chiefly associated with London Cricket Club.	Joseph Hitches	cricketer
occupation	Panos G. Georgopoulos, Ph.D. is a scientist working in the field of Environmental Health and specializing in Mathematical Modeling of Environmental and Biological Systems.	Panos G. Georgopoulos	scientist
occupation	Yung Ho Chang (Chinese: 张永和; pinyin: Zhang Yonghe) is a Chinese-American architect and Professor of MIT Architecture.	Yung Ho Chang	architect
occupation	Shri Mool Chand Meena is an Indian politician and former Member of Parliament (1992-2006.)	Mool Chand Meena	politician
occupation	Simon Carless is an English video game industry publisher, journalist, editor and game designer.	Simon Carless	journalist	editor
occupation	Josann McGibbon is an American screenwriter working in partnership with Sara Parriott.	Josann McGibbon	screenwriter
occupation	Nii Allotey Odunton, a mining engineer from Ghana, is Secretary-General of the International Seabed Authority, serving a four-year term from January 1, 2009.	Nii Allotey Odunton	mining engineer
occupation	Rachida Triki is a philosopher, art historian, and art curator, currently full Professor of Philosophy at Tunis University specialized in Aesthetics.	Rachida Triki	philosopher	art historian
occupation	Eugene Pidgeon is a dwarf actor/writer/activist.	Eugene Pidgeon	actor
occupation	Benedict Sandiford is a British actor who is best known for his role as son Neil on the British sitcom Barbara and for 'Harry Enfield & Chums' in 1997.	Benedict Sandiford	actor
occupation	Mitch Byrd is a comic book artist, who works primarily as a penciller.	Mitch Byrd	penciller
occupation	Howard Martin Temin (December 10, 1934 -- February 9, 1994) was a U.S. geneticist and virologist.	Howard Martin Temin	geneticist	virologist
occupation	Antonio Pettigrew (November 3, 1967 -- August 10, 2010) was an American sprinter who specialized in the 400 meters.	Antonio Pettigrew	sprinter
occupation	Calvin Bellamy, better known as Coo Coo Cal, is an American rapper from Milwaukee, WI.	Coo Coo Cal	rapper
occupation	José Garriga Picó (born March 19, 1948) is a Puerto Rican politician and former senator affiliated with the New Progressive Party (PNP).	José Garriga Picó	politician
occupation	José Roberto Cea is a pre-eminent contemporary Salvadoran novelist and poet.	José Roberto Cea	poet
occupation	Selahattin Özmen is a Turkish plastic surgeon.	Selahattin Özmen	surgeon
occupation	Brendan Bower is an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond, Essendon and North Melbourne.	Brendan Bower	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Roger Greenwald is an American poet, translator, and editor based in Toronto, Canada.	Roger Greenwald	translator
occupation	In the 2000s he also befriended the poet, artist and photographer Adam Donaldson Powell, with whom he authored in 2009 Gaytude, a volume of poetry encompassing the gay experience on the five continents with photography by Albert Russo.	Albert Russo	poet
occupation	Reza Allamehzadeh (Persian: رضا علامه‌زاده) is an Iranian-born Dutch filmmaker, film critic and writer who lives in the Netherlands.	Reza Allamehzadeh	writer
occupation	Christopher D. M. Fletcher (born March 13, 1958) is a British pathologist who has written more than 500 peer reviewed articles and is a chairman of the World Health Organization's Working Group.	Christopher D. M. Fletcher	pathologist
occupation	Keshinro Ololade (born March 14, 1995), popularly known by his stage name Lil Kesh, is a Nigerian singer, rapper and songwriter.	Lil Kesh	singer	rapper
occupation	Barbara Loden (July 8, 1932 -- September 5, 1980) was a Broadway Tony award-winning American stage and film actress, model, and stage/film director.	Barbara Loden	model	film director
occupation	Molly Bee (August 18, 1939 -- February 7, 2009), born Mollie Gene Beachboard, was an American country music singer famous for her 1952 recording of the early perennial, ``I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus'', and as Pinky Lee's sidekick on The Pinky Lee Show.	Molly Bee	singer
occupation	Susan Charlotte (born July 21, 1954) is an award-winning American playwright, screenwriter and author.	Susan Charlotte	screenwriter
occupation	Mahasti Shahrokhi (Persian: مهستی شاهرخی ‎‎) is an Iranian novelist, poet, and winner of numerous literary prizes.	Mahasti Shahrokhi	novelist
occupation	John Forster Charlton (1915--89), was an English traditional musician, originally from near Hexham, Northumberland, who later settled in Gateshead.	Forster Charlton	musician
occupation	Robert Sterling Arnold (January 26, 1905 -- February 8, 2003) was an American shape note music publisher, singer, composer, singing school teacher, and is a cousin to famed country western singer, Eddie Arnold.	Robert Sterling Arnold	singer	composer
occupation	Frédéric Guesdon (born October 14, 1971) is a French former professional road bicycle racer who competed as a professional between 1995 and 2012, most notably for UCI ProTeam FDJ-BigMat, spending 16 years of his career with the team.	Frédéric Guesdon	bicycle racer
occupation	Gerrit van Santen or Gerard Cornelisz van Santen (1591/92--1656) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and writer.	Gerrit van Santen	painter
occupation	Charles Major (July 25, 1856 -- February 13, 1913) was an American lawyer and novelist.	Charles Major	lawyer	novelist
occupation	Tanee McCall (born April 17, 1981) is an American actress and dancer notable for her appearance as the lead in music videos as well as her role as Toya in You Got Served.	Tanee McCall	dancer
occupation	Luther Jewett (December 24, 1772 -- March 8, 1860) was an American doctor, minister and politician.	Luther Jewett	politician
occupation	Cornelia Hancock (February 8, 1840 -- December 31, 1927) was a celebrated volunteer nurse, serving the injured and infirmed of the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Cornelia Hancock	nurse
occupation	John McKinnon Crawford (1931--2005) was a Scottish painter and teacher.	John McKinnon Crawford	painter
occupation	Elliott Baker (December 15, 1922 -- February 9, 2007), born Elliot Joseph Cohen, was a screenwriter and novelist.	Elliott Baker	screenwriter
occupation	Larry Clinton (August 17, 1909 -- May 2, 1985) was a trumpeter who became a prominent American bandleader and arranger.	Larry Clinton	trumpeter	bandleader
occupation	Aislinn Hunter, BFA, MFA, MSc Writing and Cultural Politics, (born in Belleville, Ontario) is a Canadian poetry and fiction author.	Aislinn Hunter	author
occupation	Friedrich August von Alberti (September 4, 1795 -- September 12, 1878) was a German geologist whose ground-breaking 1834 publication recognized the unity of the three characteristic strata that compose the sedimentary deposits of the Triassic period in Northern Europe.	Friedrich August von Alberti	geologist
occupation	Erik Naggum (June 13, 1965 -- June 17, 2009) was a Norwegian computer programmer recognized for his work in the fields of SGML, Emacs and Lisp.	Erik Naggum	programmer
occupation	Broadus Mitchell (December 27, 1892 -- April 28, 1988) was a historian, professor, and author.	Broadus Mitchell	historian
occupation	Iraj Rahmanpour (Persian: ایرج رحمانپور‎) is an Iranian poet, singer, songwriter, and writer.	Iraj Rahmanpour	poet
occupation	William S. Gaither (December 3, 1932 -- September 11, 2009) was a civil engineer and former president of Drexel University.	William S. Gaither	civil engineer
occupation	Eric Hays is a former University of Montana basketball player who served as head basketball coach of at Hellgate High School in Missoula, Mont., for 25 years.	Eric Hays	basketball player	basketball coach
occupation	Orbán Kolompár (born September 24, 1963) is a Hungarian Romani politician and activist, who served as President of the National Gypsy Council (OCÖ) from 2003 to 2011.	Orbán Kolompár	politician
occupation	Major-General William Roy FRS, AS (1726--1790) was a Scottish military engineer, surveyor, and antiquarian.	William Roy	engineer
occupation	Ian Michael Smith (born May 5, 1987) is an American actor, known for his starring role in Simon Birch.	Ian Michael Smith	actor
occupation	Sheila Lowe is a British-born novelist and graphologist who has lived in the United States since 1964.	Sheila Lowe	novelist
occupation	Beebe Steven Lynk, an African American chemist, was born in Mason, Tennessee, on October 24, 1872, the daughter of Henderson and Judiam (Boyd) Steven.	Beebe Steven Lynk	chemist
occupation	Kumari Kanchan Dinkerao Mail (March 16, 1950 -- July 26, 2004) was an Indian singer best known as part of the husband-wife group Babla & Kanchan.	Kumari Kanchan Dinkerao Mail	singer
occupation	Joseph Runningfox is a Pueblo actor who resides in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Joseph Runningfox	actor
occupation	Alejandro Gómez Maganda (March 3, 1910 -- September 14, 1984) was a Mexican politician and a former Governor of Mexican state of Guerrero from 1951 to 1954.	Alejandro Gómez Maganda	politician
occupation	Nor Aini Shariff is a Malaysian fashion designer and founder of the JARUMAS label.	Nor Aini Shariff	fashion designer
occupation	Michael Dellaira (born August 5, 1949) is a composer of classical music.	Michael Dellaira	composer
occupation	Neşe Şensoy Yıldız (born June 10, 1974 in Istanbul) is a Turkish judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category.	Neşe Şensoy Yıldız	judoka
occupation	Hansel Ndumbe Eyoh (November 11, 1949 -- September 7, 2006) was a Cameroonian theatre director, critic, and playwright, and professor of Theatre Arts at the University of Yaoundé I. Ndumbe Eyoh was born in Kurume, Southwest Province.	Ndumbe Eyoh	theatre director
occupation	Mary Olive McKean (August 10, 1915 -- March 31, 2006), also known by her married name Olive Mucha, was an American competition swimmer and swimming coach.	Olive McKean	swimmer
occupation	Jonny Blair is a Scottish film director and screenwriter best known for his short film The Groundsman starring David O'Hara.	Jonny Blair	film director
occupation	Susan Neiman (born March 27, 1955) is an American moral philosopher, cultural commentator, and essayist.	Susan Neiman	philosopher
occupation	Galen Yuen is an Asian American character actor who played a number of bit parts in Hollywood action and martial arts films from the early 1990s onward.	Galen Yuen	actor
occupation	As a diplomat, Ivan Muravyov-Apostol applied efforts to intensify the activity of the Second Coalition against France.	Ivan Muravyov-Apostol	diplomat
occupation	Cleveland notes further that: ``Today, Gretton is remembered by many of his generation as the composer of songs that celebrate the pleasures of the outdoors. H. W. Gretton's tramping songs ``A Fast Pair of Skis'' and ``No More Double Bunking'' are also included on the historical website NZ Folk Songs.	H. W. Gretton	composer
occupation	Alan Rich (June 17, 1924 -- April 23, 2010) was an American music critic who served on the staff of many newspapers and magazines on both coasts.	Alan Rich	music critic
occupation	Sean Elsbernd (born February 7, 1976) is an American politician who represented District 7 on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.	Sean Elsbernd	politician
occupation	Joan Weber (December 12, 1935 -- May 13, 1981) was an American popular music singer.	Joan Weber	singer
occupation	R. A. Mihailoff is an American actor and former professional wrestler.	R. A. Mihailoff	actor
occupation	Alexa Loo (born on October 6, 1972 in Richmond, British Columbia) is a Canadian snowboarder of Chinese descent.	Alexa Loo	snowboarder
occupation	Luca Zordan is a photographer based in New York City who specializes in photographing children.	Luca Zordan	photographer
occupation	Aleksandra Vrebalov (born September 22, 1970 in Novi Sad, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian composer based in New York City.	Aleksandra Vrebalov	composer
occupation	Maxine Allen (November 7, 1913 -- September 16, 1995) was an American bowler specializing in duckpin bowling, although when duckpin lanes began disappearing in the 1960s she switched to in ten pins.	Maxine Allen	bowler
occupation	Drew van Coller (born 9 February 1987) is a South African rugby union player who most recently played for the Pumas in the Vodacom Cup and Currie Cup competitions.	Drew van Coller	rugby union player
occupation	Boris Farmakovsky (1870, Vyatka -- July 29, 1928 near Leningrad) was a Russian archaeologist, who began professional excavations of the ancient Greek colony of Olbia in Ukraine.	Boris Farmakovsky	archaeologist
occupation	Diomedes Matos is a Puerto Rican musician and master instrument maker who is most famous for building string instruments.	Diomedes Matos	musician
occupation	Walter Hendl (January 12, 1917 -- April 10, 2007) was an American conductor, composer and pianist.	Walter Hendl	conductor
occupation	Karl Ivan Westman (August 5, 1889 -- April 24, 1970), Swedish diplomat, 1928--1938 Sweden's Minister in Bern and at the League of Nations, in connection with the Continuation War Sweden's ambassador to Helsinki March 1941 --	Karl Ivan Westman	diplomat
occupation	Nikos Karouzos (Greek: Νίκος Καρούζος) was a Greek modernist poet.	Nikos Karouzos	poet
occupation	Zurab Adeishvili (Georgian: ზურაბ ადეიშვილი) (born July 27, 1972) is a Georgian lawyer and politician, serving as the Minister of Justice of Georgia from November 2008 to October 2012.	Zurab Adeishvili	politician
occupation	Stefano Bizzarri known as Bizzo (born March 30, 1990 in Seattle, Washington) is an Italian racing driver.	Stefano Bizzarri	racing driver
occupation	G. Anil Kumar (born 1972, Bangalore, India) is noted Indian journalist, columnist and writer.	G. Anil Kumar	journalist
occupation	William C. Brown (May 22, 1916 -- February 3, 1999) was an American electrical engineer who helped to invent the crossed-field amplifier in the 1950s and also pioneered microwave power transmission in the 1960s.	William C. Brown	engineer
occupation	Samba Diouldé Thiam is a Senegalese politician and mathematician from Matam.	Samba Diouldé Thiam	politician	mathematician
occupation	Josua Koroibulu is a rugby league player for Armidale.	Josua Koroibulu	rugby league player
occupation	Sue Jameson is an Anglo-Australian journalist and television presenter, best known for her roles on GMTV, Daybreak and Good Morning Britain as a news correspondent.	Sue Jameson	journalist
occupation	Kalamandalam Kesavan was an Indian kathakali percussionist, playwright and actor in Indian cinema.	Kalamandalam Kesavan	actor
occupation	Benjamin Dudley Tarlton (October 18, 1849 -- September 22, 1919) was an American lawyer, legislator, judge, and professor.	Benjamin Dudley Tarlton	lawyer
occupation	Irina Armstrong (Russian: Ирина Армстронг, born December 6, 1970 in Vologda) is a Russian-born German darts player, nicknamed Ice Baby.	Irina Armstrong	darts player
occupation	Louis Jacques Senghor (born February 24, 1952) is a Senegalese politician, and was a candidate in the February 2007 presidential election.	Louis Jacques Senghor	politician
occupation	Henry Forbes Bigelow (1867 -- 1929) was a Bostonian architect in the firm Bigelow and Wadsworth.	Henry Forbes Bigelow	architect
occupation	Travis Demsey was the former drummer for The Living End from May 1996 to February 2002.	Travis Demsey	drummer
occupation	Janet Badjan-Young (born 1937) is a Gambian playwright and administrator, ``easily one of the most prolific playwrights'' in the country.	Janet Badjan-Young	playwright
occupation	Andy Razaf (December 16, 1895 -- February 3, 1973) was an African American poet, composer and lyricist of such well-known songs as ``Ain't Misbehavin''' and ``Honeysuckle Rose''.	Andy Razaf	poet	composer
occupation	Luis Alfonso Rodríguez López-Cepero, more commonly known by his stage name Luis Fonsi, (born April 15, 1978) is a Latin Grammy winning Puerto Rican singer, composer and dancer.	Luis Fonsi	singer
occupation	Giovanni Andrea Casella (17th century) was a Swiss-Italian painter active in the Baroque period.	Giovanni Andrea Casella	painter
occupation	Park Shin-hye (Hangul: 박신혜; born February 18, 1990) is a South Korean actress, singer and dancer.	Park Shin-hye	singer
occupation	Christopher Haigh is a British historian specialising in religion and politics around the English Reformation.	Christopher Haigh	historian
occupation	Beverly McDermott, C.S.A. (December 21, 1926 -- January 19, 2012) was an American casting director whose career spanned more than forty years.	Beverly McDermott	casting director
occupation	André Lauren Benjamin (born May 27, 1975), better known by his stage name André 3000 (formerly known as André), is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer and actor, best known for being part of hip hop duo Outkast alongside fellow rapper Big Boi.	André 3000	rapper	singer-songwriter	actor
occupation	Ernst Lohse (1944--1994) was a Danish architect and designer known for his colourful post-modernistic style as well as stylised country and cityscapes of quintessential Danish motifs.	Ernst Lohse	architect	designer
occupation	Hans Povel (born ca. 1954) is a retired Dutch rower who won three medals at the World Lightweight Rowing Championships in 1977--1979 in the coxless fours and coxed eights.	Hans Povel	rower
occupation	Calcidius (or Chalcidius) was a 4th-century philosopher (and possibly a Christian) who translated the first part (to 53c) of Plato's Timaeus from Greek into Latin around the year 321 and provided with it an extensive commentary.	Calcidius	philosopher
occupation	Malvina Reynolds (August 23, 1900 -- March 17, 1978) was an American folk/blues singer-songwriter and political activist, best known for her song-writing, particularly the songs ``Little Boxes'' and ``Morningtown Ride.''	Malvina Reynolds	singer-songwriter
occupation	Margherita Pillini was an Italian painter, active mainly in the late 19th century in Turin and Paris.	Margherita Pillini	painter
occupation	Jess Barker (June 4, 1912 -- August 8, 2000) was an American film actor of the 1930s and 1940s.	Jess Barker	actor
occupation	Clarence Fok Yiu-leung (霍耀良) is a Hong Kong film director and actor from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Clarence Fok	film director	actor
occupation	Gour Das Bysack (sometimes parts of his name have been transliterated as Gaur, Dass, Dos, Bysac) was a Bengali writer prominent in the late 19th century.	Gour Das Bysack	writer
occupation	Vera Yurasova is a Russian physicist who has contributed to the study of the processes of interactions between ion beams and solid surfaces, both their experimental characteristics and their physical mechanisms.	Vera Yurasova	physicist
occupation	Carlo Prater (born June 25, 1981) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division.	Carlo Prater	mixed martial artist
occupation	Stanisław Nogaj was a Polish journalist and writer from Silesia.	Stanisław Nogaj	journalist
occupation	Bern Bennett (October 19, 1921 -- May 29, 2014) was an American radio and television announcer.	Bern Bennett	announcer
occupation	Jane Kean was the sister-in-law of actor Lew Parker, best known as Lou Marie, the father of Marlo Thomas's character, Ann Marie, on That Girl.	Jane Kean	actor
occupation	Josh Rhett Noble (born September 6, 1980) is an award-winning American stage, television, and film actor best known for his role as Gaston in Disney's Beauty and the Beast in theaters across the country and various guest star roles in Television.	Josh Rhett Noble	actor
occupation	Karl Ricks Anderson (born 1937) is a Latter-day Saint historian whose specialty is the Kirtland period in the history of the Latter Day Saint movement.	Karl Ricks Anderson	historian
occupation	Ron Bochar is an American film sound engineer.	Ron Bochar	engineer
occupation	Henry Shelton Sanford (June 15, 1823 -- May 21, 1891) was a wealthy American diplomat, businessman, and aristocrat from Connecticut who served as United States Ambassador to Belgium from 1861 to 1869.	Henry Shelton Sanford	diplomat
occupation	Bernard Kates was an American actor on television, in movies and on the stage.	Bernard Kates	actor
occupation	Noel Jenke is a former linebacker in the National Football League and minor league baseball player in the Boston Red Sox organization.	Noel Jenke	baseball player
occupation	Samuel Vernon Washington (August 10, 1927 -- June 7, 1988) was an American actor who starred in film and television.	Vernon Washington	actor
occupation	Renato Brozzi (1887-1963) was an Italian sculptor, mainly in bronze, as well as sculptor.	Renato Brozzi	sculptor
occupation	Dion Lam (林迪安; Lam Dik-On) is a Hong Kong action choreographer and actor.	Dion Lam	actor
occupation	Harold Hotelling (/ˈhoʊtəlɪŋ/; September 29, 1895 -- December 26, 1973) was a mathematical statistician and an influential economic theorist, known for Hotelling's law, Hotelling's lemma, and Hotelling's rule in economics, as well as Hotelling's T-squared distribution in statistics.	Harold Hotelling	statistician
occupation	James Clayden is an Australian director and painter based in Melbourne.	James Clayden	painter
occupation	Protogenes (/proʊˈtɒdʒəˌniz/; Greek: Πρωτογένης; fl. 4th century BC) was an ancient Greek painter, a contemporary rival of Apelles.	Protogenes	painter
occupation	Otto René Castillo (1934 -- 1967) was a Guatemalan poet and revolutionary.	Otto René Castillo	poet
occupation	Anaïs Mitchell (/ɑːˈneɪs/; born March 26, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter and musician.	Anaïs Mitchell	singer-songwriter
occupation	George Alfred Townsend (January 30, 1841 -- April 15, 1914), was a noted war correspondent during the American Civil War, and a later novelist.	George Alfred Townsend	war correspondent
occupation	Kate Seredy (1899--1975) was a Hungarian-born writer and illustrator of children's books.	Kate Seredy	writer
occupation	Nene Tomita (冨田寧寧; Tomita Nene), born September 30, 1982 is a former volleyball player who played for Toray Arrows.	Nene Tomita	volleyball player
occupation	Richard Winn (1750 -- December 19, 1818) was an American merchant, surveyor, and politician from Winnsboro, South Carolina.	Richard Winn	politician
occupation	Wyndham Guise was a British actor who appeared on stage in Edwardian musical comedies beginning in the 1890s and became a film actor during the silent era.	Wyndham Guise	actor
occupation	Paulina Ayala (born June 25, 1962) is a Canadian politician, who served as Member of Parliament for the riding of Honoré-Mercier from 2011 to 2015.	Paulina Ayala	politician
occupation	Barnaby Conrad, Jr. (March 27, 1922 -- February 12, 2013) was an American artist and author.	Barnaby Conrad	artist
occupation	Jahangir Mahmoudi is an Iranian lawyer, human rights activist and politician.	Jahangir Mahmoudi	human rights activist	politician
occupation	Howard Colquhoun is a British chemist currently at the University of Reading.	Howard Colquhoun	chemist
occupation	Leonard Bacon (February 19, 1802 -- December 24, 1881) was an American Congregational preacher and writer.	Leonard Bacon	preacher	writer
occupation	B. Ajaneesh Loknath (Kannada: ಬಿ. ಅಜನೀಶ್ ಲೋಕನಾಥ್, born 20 November) is an Indian composer who works predominantly in Kannada cinema.	B. Ajaneesh Loknath	composer
occupation	Jean Malouel, or Jan Maelwael in his native Dutch, (c. 1365 -- 1415) was a Netherlandish artist, sometimes classified as French, who was the court painter of Philip the Bold, Duke of Burgundy and his successor John the Fearless, working in the International Gothic style.	Jean Malouel	painter
occupation	Lewis Merrill (1834--1896) was a career officer in the United States Army noted for his work in resisting the early Ku Klux Klan organization in several Southern states.	Lewis Merrill	officer
occupation	Seymour Rexite (January 18, 1908 -- October 14, 2002), originally Rechtzeit, was an actor and singer of the Yiddish theater, film and radio in the United States, and for some time president of the Hebrew Actors Union.	Seymour Rexite	actor
occupation	Roy Hamilton (April 16, 1929 -- July 20, 1969) was an American singer, who achieved major success in the United States R&B and pop charts in the 1950s.	Roy Hamilton	singer
occupation	Chandrasekhar Billavara is a poker player who won a World Series of Poker bracelet in a $1,500 No-Limit Hold'em event.	Chandrasekhar Billavara	poker player
occupation	Jacob Needleman (born October 6, 1934) is an American philosopher, author and religious scholar.	Jacob Needleman	philosopher
occupation	Joseph Edgar Foreman (born July 28, 1974), better known by his stage name Afroman, is an American hip-hop recording artist and musician.	Afroman	musician
occupation	Menachem Youlus is a Baltimore rabbi and Torah scribe who falsely claimed he had rescued Holocaust-era Torah scrolls from Eastern Europe, selling the scrolls at inflated prices.	Menachem Youlus	rabbi
occupation	Edmund Brice (fl. 1648 -- 1696) was an English translator and schoolmaster.	Edmund Brice	translator
occupation	Mary Herrera (born August 27, 1959) is an American politician, who is the former New Mexico Secretary of State, being first elected in 2006 and leaving office in 2011 after being defeated in her re-election bid.	Mary Herrera	politician
occupation	Roald H. Fryxell (February 18, 1934 -- May 18, 1974) was an American educator, geologist and archaeologist.	Roald H. Fryxell	archaeologist
occupation	David Riesman (September 22, 1909 -- May 10, 2002) was a sociologist, educator and best-selling commentator on American society.	David Riesman	sociologist
occupation	Robert Hilferty (December 14, 1959 -- July 24, 2009) was a New York based journalist, filmmaker and AIDS activist.	Robert Hilferty	journalist
occupation	LeRoy Fjordbotten (born November 4, 1938) is a former provincial level politician, farmer and auctioneer.	LeRoy Fjordbotten	politician
occupation	Ron Fricke is an American film director and cinematographer, specializing in time-lapse photography and large format cinematography.	Ron Fricke	film director	cinematographer
occupation	Andrew Telegdi, PC (born András Telegdi; May 28, 1946) is a Canadian politician.	Andrew Telegdi	politician
occupation	Jill Singer is a well-known Australian journalist, columnist and television presenter.	Jill Singer	journalist
occupation	Waldo Brian Donlevy (February 9, 1901 -- April 5, 1972), later known as Brian Donlevy, was an Irish-American actor, noted for playing dangerous tough guys from the 1930s to the 1960s.	Brian Donlevy	actor
occupation	Shozab Raza (Urdu: شوزيب رضا) is Pakistani cricket umpire.	Shozab Raza	cricket umpire
occupation	Shiraz Uppal is a Pakistani singer, songwriter and music producer.	Shiraz Uppal	singer
occupation	Mahmoud Sadri is a full professor of sociology at the Federation of North Texas Area Universities that includes Texas Woman's University, University of North Texas, and A&M University, Commerce.	Mahmoud Sadri	professor
occupation	Carl Daniel Ekman (March 17, 1845 -- November 3, 1904) was a Swedish chemical engineer who invented the form of the sulfite process of wood pulp manufacturing which was first established on a firm commercial basis, helping to replace rags as the main raw material of paper with wood pulp.	Carl Daniel Ekman	engineer
occupation	Antara Chowdhury is a singer and composer of Bengali songs.	Antara Chowdhury	singer
occupation	Arnold Zellner (January 2, 1927 -- August 11, 2010) was an American economist and statistician specializing in the fields of Bayesian probability and econometrics.	Arnold Zellner	economist	statistician
occupation	Emanuel Sandhu (born November 18, 1980) is a Canadian figure skater and dancer.	Emanuel Sandhu	dancer
occupation	Lorenzo Sawyer (May 23, 1820 -- September 7, 1891) was an American lawyer and judge who was appointed the Supreme Court of California in 1860 and served as Chief Justice of California from 1868--70.	Lorenzo Sawyer	lawyer	judge
occupation	Ken Schilz (born January 17, 1969) is an American politician who is currently a member of the unicameral Nebraska Legislature.	Ken Schilz	politician
occupation	Vincent Signorelli (more commonly known by Vinny) is a drummer from New York City, more specifically Brooklyn.	Vincent Signorelli	drummer
occupation	Domiziana Giordano (born September 4, 1959) is an artist, actress, photographer and video artist.	Domiziana Giordano	photographer
occupation	Gabriel Brühl (died 1743) was a well-known robber in the then Duchy of Limburg, whose criminal career started in the 1720s and ended with his being hanged in 1743.	Gabriel Brühl	criminal
occupation	Takeshi Yoshida is chief engineer for the 2000 Toyota Corolla and a Senior Managing Director of Toyota Motor Corporation.	Takeshi Yoshida	engineer
occupation	George H. Walker (October 22, 1811 -- September 20, 1866) was an American trader and politician who helped found the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	George H. Walker	politician
occupation	Kim Jihyun (Hangul: 김지현; born on June 16, 1988), commonly known as G.Soul, is an American singer of Korean descent which is under Studio J subsidiary of JYP Entertainment.	G.Soul	singer
occupation	Robin Thomas (born February 12, 1949) is an American film, television and theater actor, and sculptor.	Robin Thomas	actor
occupation	Deborah Scroggins (November 27, 1961 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American journalist and author.	Deborah Scroggins	journalist
occupation	Felice Scotto ( Early 15th Century) was an Italian painter of the Quattrocento, active in Como in the Region of Lombardy.	Felice Scotto	painter
occupation	Thomas E. Jackson, also known as Tom Jackson or Tommy Jackson, was an American stage and screen actor.	Thomas E. Jackson	actor
occupation	Bob Kraushaar is an English pop music record producer specializing in mixing.	Bob Kraushaar	record producer
occupation	Nelly Makdessy (Arabic: نيللي مقدسي‎) (born October 10, 1980) is a Lebanese singer, songwriter, record producer, instrumentalist and model.	Nelly Makdessy	singer
occupation	Frederick Allan Frank (born October 24, 1950) is an American singer, songwriter, and performer from Peoria, Illinois.	Allan Frank	singer, songwriter
occupation	Trestin George (born August 24, 1983) is an American actor and former professional American football defensive back.	Trestin George	actor
occupation	Yael Kraus (Hebrew: יעל קראוס‎; born November 21, 1977) is an Israeli singer-songwriter based in NY.	Yael Kraus	singer
occupation	Giovanni Antonio Guardi (1699 -- 23 January 1760), also known as Gianantonio Guardi, was an Italian painter and nobleman.	Giovanni Antonio Guardi	painter
occupation	Morten Lindberg (born September 23, 1965), also known as ``Master Fatman'', is a Danish media personality, comedian, disc jockey, film director, and singer.	Morten Lindberg	film director
occupation	Randy Vancourt is a Canadian composer and entertainer.	Randy Vancourt	composer
occupation	Robert David Hall (born November 9, 1947) is an American actor, best known for his role as coroner Dr. Albert Robbins M.D. on the television show CSI:	Robert David Hall	actor
occupation	Maggie Moone is a British singer, best remembered for her role on the UK version of Name That Tune.	Maggie Moone	singer
occupation	Ryan Jay Jimenez (born September 17, 1983), better known as RJ Jimenez, is a Filipino singer and guitarist and former scholar of Pinoy Dream Academy.	RJ Jimenez	singer
occupation	Galina Miklínová (July 28, 1970) is an award-winning Czech illustrator and director of cartoons.	Galina Miklínová	illustrator	director
occupation	Hsin Pei (Chinese: 心培和尚; pinyin: Xīnpéi Héshàng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: sim-pôe hô siōng; born March 13, 1970) was the seventh and eighth term abbot and director of the Fo Guang Shan, a new religious movement from Taiwan.	Hsin Pei	abbot
occupation	Aram Roston is an American investigative journalist, and author of The Man Who Pushed America to War:	Aram Roston	journalist
occupation	Lowell Bruce Laingen (born August 6, 1922) is an American retired diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Malta from 1977 and 1979.	Bruce Laingen	diplomat
occupation	Kaleo Wassman (born January 6, 1978) is an American musician who serves as the lead singer and guitarist of reggae, dub bands Pepper and Sabotage Soundsystem.	Kaleo Wassman	singer
occupation	Ivan Fíla, alternate name Ivan Fila, is a Czech film director, screenwriter and producer.	Ivan Fíla	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Charlene Leonora Smith is a journalist, published author of 14 books, and is an authorized biographer of Nobel Peace Prize winner, and former South African President, Nelson Mandela.	Charlene Leonora Smith	journalist
occupation	Ilya Perfilyev (Perfiryev) (Russian: Илья Перфильев (Перфирьев)), was a Russian explorer, polar seafarer and a founder of Verkhoyansk.	Ilya Perfilyev	explorer
occupation	Florence Parry Heide (February 27, 1919 -- October 23, 2011) was a bestselling American children's writer.	Florence Parry Heide	writer
occupation	M.M. Ramachandran (popularly known as Atlas Ramachandran) is an Indian businessman, film producer, and actor.	Atlas Ramachandran	film producer
occupation	Fanny Rush is a London-based painter known for her portraiture and other paintings.	Fanny Rush	painter
occupation	As a distinguished poet, Firaq Gorakhpuri was well-versed in all traditional metrical forms such as ghazal, nazm, rubaai and qat'aa.	Firaq Gorakhpuri	poet
occupation	Juan Pablo Orrego is a Chilean environmentalist, president of the activist group Grupo de Acción por el Biobío, which represents the indigenous Pehuenche people in the Biobío Region.	Juan Pablo Orrego	environmentalist	activist
occupation	Vanessa Mock is a German radio journalist currently working as a Brussels correspondent for Radio Netherlands.	Vanessa Mock	journalist
occupation	Thomas E. Powers (November 14, 1808 -- December 27, 1876) was a Vermont doctor, newspaper editor and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Thomas E. Powers	politician
occupation	Matteo di Vittore was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active in Venice.	Matteo di Vittore	painter
occupation	Nick Searcy (born March 7, 1959) is an American actor best known for portraying Chief Deputy United States Marshal Art Mullen on FX's Justified.	Nick Searcy	actor
occupation	Raymond Clyne McNichols (June 16, 1914 -- December 25, 1985) was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the District of Idaho.	Raymond Clyne McNichols	judge
occupation	Stanford Jolley, Jr., known as Stan Jolley (May 17, 1926 -- June 4, 2012) was an American art director and production designer, originally employed by Walt Disney Studios before he struck out on his own.	Stan Jolley	art director
occupation	Ben Westlund (September 3, 1949 -- March 7, 2010) was an American politician in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Ben Westlund	politician
occupation	Junix Inocian (born Rufino Duran Inocian, Jr.; March 17, 1951 -- June 13, 2015) was a Filipino actor and comedian.	Junix Inocian	actor	comedian
occupation	Maritime formed in 2003 out of the ashes of The Promise Ring and The Dismemberment Plan, initially composed of singer/guitarist Davey von Bohlen, drummer Dan Didier (of The Promise Ring) and bassist Eric Axelson (of The Dismemberment Plan).	Davey von Bohlen	singer
occupation	Paul Burlin (September 10, 1886 -- March 13, 1969) was an American modern and abstract expressionist painter.	Paul Burlin	painter
occupation	Minnie Joycelyn Elders (born Minnie Lee Jones; August 13, 1933) is an American pediatrician and public health administrator.	Joycelyn Elders	pediatrician
occupation	Dolgorsürengiin Sumyaabazar (Mongolian: Долгорсүрэнгийн Сумъяабазар) is a Mongolian politician.	Dolgorsürengiin Sumyaabazar	politician
occupation	Josie Natori, (born Josefina Almeda Cruz) is an American fashion designer and the CEO and founder of The Natori Company.	Josie Natori	fashion designer
occupation	Emile Berliner (May 20, 1851 -- August 3, 1929), originally Emil Berliner, was a German-American inventor.	Emile Berliner	inventor
occupation	Antoinette McKenna is a singer and harp player who accompanies her husband, Joe McKenna, a piper.	Antoinette McKenna	singer
occupation	Philip Hoby became a diplomat, largely thanks to the support he gave to the Protestant Reformation during the reign of King Henry VIII. By 1540 he had married Elizabeth Stonor, daughter of Walter Stonor of Hawton, Nottinghamshire and Fenny Compton, widow of Sir William Compton and of Walter Walshe.	Philip Hoby	diplomat
occupation	Kevin Stoney (22 January 1921 -- 22 January 2008) was an English actor, best known for his television roles.	Kevin Stoney	actor
occupation	Billy Bob Thornton (born August 4, 1955) is an American actor, filmmaker, and a hobbyist singer-songwriter and drummer.	Billy Bob Thornton	actor	singer
occupation	Emin Fahrettin Özdilek was a military officer and politician.	Fahrettin Özdilek	politician
occupation	Mark DeCarlo (born June 23, 1962) is an American actor, television host, comedian, and travel and foodie expert.	Mark DeCarlo	actor
occupation	Darrell Zwerling (September 9, 1928 -- April 11, 2014) was an American character actor in film and television.	Darrell Zwerling	actor
occupation	Phoebe Hoban is an American journalist perhaps known best for her biographies of the artists Jean Michel Basquiat (``A Quick Killing in Art'': Viking 1998) and Alice Neel (Alice Neel: The Art of not Sitting Pretty``: St. Martin's Press 2010).	Phoebe Hoban	journalist
occupation	Marsha Milan Londoh (born December 6, 1985 in Berrien Springs, Michigan, US) is a Malaysian singer and actress.	Marsha Milan Londoh	singer
occupation	Matt Howarth is an American comic book writer/artist known for such series as Those Annoying Post Bros, Savage Henry, Star Crossed, and Bugtown.	Matt Howarth	writer
occupation	Bernice Eddy (1903--1999) was an American virologist and epidemiologist.	Bernice Eddy	epidemiologist
occupation	Liana Drahová Vozárová (born 22 April 1953 in Liberec) is a Slovak former figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Liana Drahová	figure skater
occupation	Robin Lim (``Mother Robin,'' or ``Ibu Robin'') is a midwife and founder of Yayasan Bumi Sehat (Healthy Mother Earth Foundation) health clinics, which offer free prenatal care, birthing services and medical aid to anyone who needs it.	Robin Lim	midwife
occupation	Francis H. Rankin, Sr. was a Michigan, United States politician and publisher.	Francis H. Rankin, Sr.	politician
occupation	Henri Fazy (January 31, 1842, Berne - December 22, 1920, Geneva) was a Swiss politician and historian.	Henri Fazy	historian
occupation	Little Annie Bandez (also known as Annie Anxiety or Little Annie Anxiety Bandez) is a New York born singer, songwriter, painter, poet, writer.	Little Annie	singer	painter
occupation	José Javier Rodríguez is a Puerto Rican politician and the current mayor of Las Marías.	José Javier Rodríguez	politician
occupation	Leonard J. Fick (September 6, 1915 -- February 4, 1990) was an American Roman Catholic priest, scholar and educator, college president, author in Ohio whose educational career spanned over fifty years.	Leonard J. Fick	priest
occupation	Michael Jai White (born November 10, 1967) is an American actor and martial artist who has appeared in numerous films and television series.	Michael Jai White	actor	martial artist
occupation	Peter Lee Shih Shiong (Chinese: 李偲菘; pinyin: Lǐ Sīsōng; born 1966) is a Singaporean music producer and composer.	Lee Shih Shiong	composer
occupation	Chien-Shiung Wu (simplified Chinese: 吴健雄; traditional Chinese: 吳健雄; pinyin: Wú Jiànxióng, May 31, 1912 -- February 16, 1997) was a Chinese American experimental physicist who made significant contributions in the field of nuclear physics.	Chien-Shiung Wu	physicist
occupation	Ebbe Grims-land (June 11, 1915 -- January 27, 2015) was a Swedish composer and viola player.	Ebbe Grims-land	composer
occupation	In addition to his active career as a film director and producer, David Hillenbrand has had an active music career in film and television.	David Hillenbrand	film director
occupation	Hester Jonas (around 1570 -- December 24, 1635) was a German midwife and cunning woman.	Hester Jonas	midwife
occupation	Mahmoud Alavi (محمود علوی in Persian; born 4 May 1954) is an Iranian cleric, politician and the minister of intelligence in Hassan Rouhani's government.	Mahmoud Alavi	politician
occupation	Susan Hussey (June 1, 1954 -- February 19, 2009) was an American playwright and co-founder of the Gorilla Theatre performing arts venue in Tampa, Florida.	Susan Hussey	playwright
occupation	Scott Kelby (born July 7, 1960 in Lakeland, Florida) is an American photographer and an author and publisher of periodicals dealing with photography and Adobe Photoshop software, specifically for design professionals, photographers, and artists.	Scott Kelby	photographer
occupation	Mihály Lukács (November 19, 1954 -- October 18, 2012) was a Hungarian Romani politician, a founding member of the Lungo Drom party.	Mihály Lukács	politician
occupation	Harvey D. Strassman (September 19, 1922 -- January 30, 2011) was a psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, medical educator, and clinical researcher.	Harvey D. Strassman	psychiatrist
occupation	David Thomas Roberts (born January 16, 1955) is an American composer and musician, known primarily as a modern ragtime composer.	David Thomas Roberts	composer
occupation	John Porry Murray (July 14, 1830 -- December 21, 1895) was a Confederate politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War.	John Porry Murray	politician
occupation	Nina Dittrich (born November 20, 1990 in Vienna) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events.	Nina Dittrich	swimmer
occupation	George W. Myers (April 30, 1864 -- November 23, 1931) was an American astronomer, mathematician and progressive educator.	George W. Myers	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Bill Reardon (born June 24, 1941) is an American politician and educator.	Bill Reardon	politician
occupation	Maeve Murphy is an award winning screen writer and film director.	Maeve Murphy	film director
occupation	James M. Early (July 25, 1922 -- January 12, 2004) was an American engineer, best known for his work on transistors and charge-coupled device imagers.	James M. Early	engineer
occupation	Orsi Kocsis (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈorʃɪ ˈkoʧiʃ) given birth name Orsolya (ˈorʃojɒ)) is a Hungarian fashion, glamour, and former art nude model who was 2005's Hungarian Playmate of the Year (which she won by audience election as a special prize).	Orsi Kocsis	model
occupation	Mattheus Terwesten (1670--1757) was a Dutch painter of portraits, architectural, and historical themes.	Mattheus Terwesten	painter
occupation	Hernán Orjuela Buenaventura (1957--) is a Colombian television presenter.	Hernán Orjuela	television presenter
occupation	Herbert Warren Wind (August 11, 1916 -- May 30, 2005) was an American sports writer noted for his writings on golf.	Herbert Warren Wind	writer
occupation	Ramanujam Varatharaja Perumal is an aeronautical scientist and an aerospace engineer of India.	Ramanujam Varatharaja Perumal	aerospace engineer
occupation	Sabrina Malheiros (born 1979) is a Brazilian MPB singer/songwriter.	Sabrina Malheiros	singer
occupation	Eleanor Clift (born July 7, 1940) is an American liberal political reporter, television pundit, and author.	Eleanor Clift	pundit	author
occupation	Robert Cooley Angell (April 29, 1899 - May 12, 1984) was an American sociologist that is prominently known for his studies of individuals interacting in groups of people in a social environment.	Robert Cooley Angell	sociologist
occupation	Franklin J. Moses, Sr., born Israel Franklin Moses, (August 13, 1804 -- March 6, 1877) was an attorney, planter, politician and judge in South Carolina.	Franklin J. Moses, Sr.	politician
occupation	Artur Kyshenko (Ukrainian: Артур Кишенко, born November 14, 1986) is a Ukrainian middleweight kickboxer, fighting out of Mike Passenier's Gym in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Artur Kyshenko	kickboxer
occupation	Donnie Iris (born Dominic Ierace on February 28, 1943) is an American rock musician known for his work with the Jaggerz and Wild Cherry during the 1970s, and for his solo career beginning in the 1980s with his band, the Cruisers.	Donnie Iris	musician
occupation	Satcha Pretto (born April 5, 1980) is a Honduran Emmy Award-winning journalist and news co-anchor of the Univision Network's popular morning show Despierta America.	Satcha Pretto	journalist
occupation	Fred Weir is a Canadian journalist who lives in Moscow and specializes in Russian affairs.	Fred Weir	journalist
occupation	Kenneth Casey Robinson (October 17, 1903 -- December 6, 1979) was an American producer and director of mostly B movies and a screenwriter responsible for some of Bette Davis' most revered films.	Casey Robinson	screenwriter
performer	Hooray for Boobies is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Bloodhound Gang, released on October 4, 1999, in Europe and February 29, 2000, in the US.	Hooray for Boobies	Bloodhound Gang
performer	V Deep was The Boomtown Rats' fifth album, and the first to be released after guitarist Gerry Cott left the group.	V Deep	The Boomtown Rats
performer	Let's Change the World with Music is the eighth album English pop band Prefab Sprout.	Let's Change the World with Music	Prefab Sprout
performer	``Let's Don't Call It a Night'' is a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music singer and American Idol season 9 finalist Casey James.	Let's Don't Call It a Night	Casey James
performer	Digital Crimes (2002) is an album by Memorain.	Digital Crimes	Memorain
performer	Elizete Cardoso's 1958 album Canção do Amor Demais is officially considered the first bossa nova album, mostly because it was the first time João Gilberto's guitar beat, from then on the official bossa beat, was heard (Gilberto played on the tracks ``Chega de Saudade'' and ``Outra Vez'').	Canção do Amor Demais	Elizete Cardoso
performer	``Italian Love Song'' is a pop song written by Tina Arena, Francesco De Benedittis, Davide Esposito and Paul Manners, produced by Manners for Arena's sixth album Greatest Hits 1994-2004 (2004).	Italian Love Song	Tina Arena
performer	In the Arms of Devastation is the eighth studio album by the Canadian death metal band Kataklysm.	In the Arms of Devastation	Kataklysm
performer	Tell Me What Rockers to Swallow is a music DVD released by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs on October 25, 2004, through Polydor.	Tell Me What Rockers to Swallow	Yeah Yeah
performer	``Roadhouse Medley (Anniversary Waltz Part 25)'' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1992.	Roadhouse Medley	Status Quo
performer	A Lil' Sumpin' Sumpin' is the fourth studio album by new jack swing group Troop released by Bust It Records on July 22, 1994.	A Lil' Sumpin' Sumpin'	Troop
performer	Teenage Jesus is the debut DIY release from One Member Synth-Punk Band The Emotron.	Teenage Jesus	The Emotron
performer	Born 4 is the second album from Canadian group Jakalope.	Born 4	Jakalope
performer	In the Pursuit of Leisure is Sugar Ray's fifth studio album released in 2003.	In the Pursuit of Leisure	Sugar Ray
performer	``Counting the Beat'' is a single by New Zealand rock band The Swingers released in 1981 from their album Practical Jokers (released in the USA as Counting the Beat).	Counting the Beat	The Swingers
performer	``Just the Girl'' is a song by American power pop band The Click Five.	Just the Girl	The Click Five
performer	Loses Control is the second and final full-length album by Hey Mercedes.	Loses Control	Hey Mercedes
performer	``Erase Me'' is a song by American recording artist Kid Cudi, released August 17, 2010, as the lead single from his second studio album Man on the Moon II:	Erase Me	Kid Cudi
performer	``There It Go (The Whistle Song)'' is the second single by American rapper Juelz Santana from his second studio album What the Game's Been Missing!.	There It Go (The Whistle Song)	Juelz Santana
performer	Conscious Consumer is the second and final studio album by English punk rock band X-Ray Spex, the first new material recorded by the band in seventeen years.	Conscious Consumer	X-Ray Spex
performer	Forged Prescriptions is a 2-CD album by Spacemen 3, containing alternate and demo versions of songs from their album The Perfect Prescription, and some previously unreleased tracks.	Forged Prescriptions	Spacemen 3
performer	``Turn Your Car Around'' is the second single released from Blue member Lee Ryan's debut solo album, Lee Ryan.	Turn Your Car Around	Lee Ryan
performer	``Chemical World'' is a song by English alternative rock band Blur, featured on their second album Modern Life Is Rubbish (1993).	Chemical World	Blur
performer	Introduce Yourself is Faith No More's second album, released in 1987.	Introduce Yourself	Faith No More
performer	Secret Symphony is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Katie Melua, and was released on 5 March 2012.	Secret Symphony	Katie Melua
performer	After Everything Now This is the thirteenth album by the Australian psychedelic rock band The Church, released in early 2002.	After Everything Now This	The Church
performer	10Love (released on September 27, 2006) is J-pop artist Mayumi Iizuka's tenth album.	10Love	Mayumi Iizuka
performer	Songs We Remember is an album by a re-incarnated version of The Quarrymen, which was the band that eventually evolved into The Beatles.	Songs We Remember	The Quarrymen
performer	Bakesale is the fifth album by American indie rock band Sebadoh.	Bakesale	Sebadoh
performer	The Gray Race is the ninth full-length album of the punk rock band Bad Religion, which was released in 1996.	The Gray Race	Bad Religion
performer	Search and Nearness is the seventh studio album by rock band The Rascals, released in 1971.	Search and Nearness	The Rascals
performer	Sunset & Void is the fifth studio album by the garage punk band The Flaming Stars.	Sunset & Void	The Flaming Stars
performer	Depende is the second album by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo, released in 1998.	Depende	Jarabe de Palo
performer	A New Shape of Desperation the second full album by the extreme metal band By Night.	A New Shape of Desperation	By Night
performer	``Gitarzan'' is a novelty song released by Ray Stevens in 1969, about a character who lives in a jungle and forms a musical band with his female partner, Jane, and their pet monkey.	Gitarzan	Ray Stevens
performer	``Wanna Take You Home'' is a song by the American country music group Gloriana, written by band member Tom Gossin with Matt Serletic and Wendell Mobley.	Wanna Take You Home	Gloriana
performer	``Miss Sarajevo'' is the only single from the 1995 album Original Soundtracks 1 by U2 and Brian Eno, under the pseudonym ``Passengers''.	Miss Sarajevo	Original Soundtracks 1
performer	How to Walk Away is the eighth solo album by singer/songwriter Juliana Hatfield.	How to Walk Away	Juliana Hatfield
performer	``I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes'' is country music song that was originally a hit for Goldie Hill in 1953.	I Let the Stars Get In My Eyes	Goldie Hill
performer	Dreams of Death and Dismay is Anata's 2nd full-length album.	Dreams of Death and Dismay	Anata
performer	Mirror Moves is the fourth studio album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs, recorded and released in 1984.	Mirror Moves	The Psychedelic Furs
performer	Pocket City was the first album by Art Porter Jr..	Pocket City	Art Porter Jr.
performer	Starting Time is an album by jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.	Starting Time	Clifford Jordan
performer	``Party Sequence'' is the seventh track by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd on their third album, More.	Party Sequence	Pink Floyd
performer	``Start Wearing Purple'' is a song by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, written by frontman Eugene Hütz.	Start Wearing Purple	Gogol Bordello
performer	``Us Placers'' is the debut song by American supergroup Child Rebel Soldier, a musical collaboration consisting of hip-hop artists Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West and Pharrell Williams.	Us Placers	Child Rebel Soldier
performer	Vagabond Bones is a studio album by heavy metal band Helix, released on November 17, 2009.	Vagabond Bones	Helix
performer	No Matter What's the Cause is the seventh full-length studio album by the German Thrash metal band Holy Moses.	No Matter What's the Cause	Holy Moses
performer	``Chasin' That Neon Rainbow'' is a song written by American country music artist Alan Jackson and Jim McBride, and performed by Jackson.	Chasin' That Neon Rainbow	Alan Jackson
performer	Disco 4 also known as Disco Four is the eighteenth album by the UK electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys and the fourth in the band's ``Disco'' series.	Disco 4	Pet Shop Boys
performer	The Power of Pure Intellect is the first album by PAX, a side project of Sevren Ni-arb from X Marks the Pedwalk and former X Marks the Pedwalk producer AL/X/S.	The Power of Pure Intellect	X Marks the Pedwalk
performer	``Paper Sun'' was the British band Traffic's debut single, released in May 1967.	Paper Sun	Traffic
performer	Stranger on the Sofa is an album, released in 2006 on Central Control by audio/visual artist Barry Adamson.	Stranger on the Sofa	Barry Adamson
performer	Coral Fang is the third and final album by the American punk rock band The Distillers.	Coral Fang	The Distillers
performer	Escape to Nowhere is the fourth studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen.	Escape to Nowhere	Omen
performer	The Cognitive Rules is the 2011 EP by British singer-songwriter RJ Thompson.	The Cognitive Rules	RJ Thompson
performer	``Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin''' is the first single from the 1984 album Heart Don't Lie, the third album by American singer La Toya Jackson.	Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin'	La Toya Jackson
performer	Jazz Samba Encore! is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Luiz Bonfá, released on the Verve label.	Jazz Samba Encore!	Stan Getz
performer	The Point of It All is the fourth studio album by American R&B and soul singer-songwriter Anthony Hamilton.	The Point of It All	Anthony Hamilton
performer	``March On'' is a 2010 dance song by Azerbaijani artist Safura Alizadeh.	March On	Safura Alizadeh
performer	Bitte Orca is a studio album by American experimental rock band Dirty Projectors, released on June 9, 2009 on Domino Records.	Bitte Orca	Dirty Projectors
performer	Tomate (English: Tomato) is the third studio album by pop rock Brazilian band Kid Abelha.	Tomate	Kid Abelha
performer	Ghost Repeater is the third solo album from singer/songwriter Jeffrey Foucault.	Ghost Repeater	Jeffrey Foucault
performer	``L'amour existe encore'' (meaning ``Love Still Exists'') is a song from Celine Dion's album Dion chante Plamondon.	L'amour existe encore	Celine Dion
performer	``Un Monde parfait'' (``A Perfect World'' in English) is a 2005 song recorded by French young artist Ilona Mitrecey.	Un Monde parfait	Ilona Mitrecey
performer	White Lace & Black Leather was the second independent album by the Canadian rock band Helix.	White Lace & Black Leather	Helix
performer	Do You Feel at Home? is the first album released by the American emo band Commander Venus.	Do You Feel at Home?	Commander Venus
performer	``Used to Love U'' is the debut single by John Legend from his debut album Get Lifted.	Used to Love U	John Legend
performer	Phrazes for the Young is the debut solo album by American songwriter Julian Casablancas, released on November 2, 2009 in the UK and November 3 in the US.	Phrazes for the Young	Julian Casablancas
performer	Acid Motherhood is a studio album by Gong, released in 2004.	Acid Motherhood	Gong
performer	``Oye Mi Canto (Hear My Voice)'' was the second single by Gloria Estefan from her first album as a solo artist ``Cuts Both Ways'', released in August 1989 in Europe and the rest of the world in 1990 as the fourth single from the album Cuts Both Ways.	Oye Mi Canto (Hear My Voice)	Gloria Estefan
performer	Unquestionable Presence is the second album by the death metal band Atheist.	Unquestionable Presence	Atheist
performer	``Love and Understanding'' is a rock song by American singer-actress Cher from her 20th studio album, Love Hurts.	Love and Understanding	Cher
performer	``Heaven's Just a Sin Away'' is a song composed by Jerry Gillespie, which was recorded in 1977 by The Kendalls.	Heaven's Just a Sin Away	The Kendalls
performer	Poraka (in Macedonian: Порака, English: Message) is the sixth solo album by the Macedonian singer Kaliopi, released in the 2010.	Poraka	Kaliopi
performer	``Out and In'' is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues, from their album To Our Children's Children's Children, a concept album about space travel.	Out and In	The Moody Blues
performer	``Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide'' is the debuting single for singer Marvin Gaye, released as Tamla 54041, in May 1961.	Let Your Conscience Be Your Guide	Marvin Gaye
performer	Face the Heat is the twelfth studio album released by the German band Scorpions in 1993.	Face the Heat	Scorpions
performer	Cabin by the Sea is the second studio album released by American reggae band The Dirty Heads on June 19, 2012.	Cabin by the Sea	The Dirty Heads
performer	Regulate the Chemicals is an album by indie rock band Twothirtyeight.	Regulate the Chemicals	Twothirtyeight
performer	Dynamic Stillness is a 2-disc album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach, released in 2009.	Dynamic Stillness	Steve Roach
performer	The Art of Breaking Apart is the twelfth album by electro-industrial band Velvet Acid Christ.	The Art of Breaking Apart	Velvet Acid Christ
performer	Nihil is the eighth studio album by industrial rock group KMFDM, released on April 4, 1995 on Wax Trax!/TVT.	Nihil	KMFDM
performer	``Another Dumb Blonde'' is the debut single from American singer Hoku.	Another Dumb Blonde	Hoku
performer	Double, Double You is an album by Kenny Wheeler featuring performances by Wheeler with Mike Brecker, John Taylor, Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette.	Double, Double You	Kenny Wheeler
performer	``Good Good'' is the fourth and final single from Ashanti's album The Declaration.	Good Good	Ashanti
performer	``Es Demasiado Tarde'' (``It's Too Late'') is a song written and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Ana Gabriel.	Es Demasiado Tarde	Ana Gabriel
performer	Oh, salvaje (English: O, Savage) is a song recorded by Spanish singer-songwriter Zahara for her fourth studio album, Santa (2015).	Oh, salvaje	Zahara
performer	PeteStrumentals is an instrumental hip hop album from hip hop producer/rapper Pete Rock, his second solo release.	PeteStrumentals	Pete Rock
performer	``Dinosaur Adventure 3D'' is the second single by Underworld from their album A Hundred Days Off.	Dinosaur Adventure 3D	Underworld
performer	Jukebox Sparrows is the first full length album by American singer/songwriter Shannon McNally, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).	Jukebox Sparrows	Shannon McNally
performer	A Death-Grip On Yesterday is the third studio album from American metalcore band Atreyu.	A Death-Grip On Yesterday	Atreyu
performer	``Please Don't Go Girl'' is a 1988 ballad single from New Kids on the Block.	Please Don't Go Girl	New Kids on the Block
performer	``Just So You Know'' was the second and final single released from Jesse McCartney's second album, Right Where You Want Me.	Just So You Know	Jesse McCartney
performer	All the Houses Look the Same is the first full-length album by indie rock band Deas Vail.	All the Houses Look the Same	Deas Vail
performer	Covering Ground is the third studio album by Chuck Ragan, which was recorded in 2011 and produced by Christopher Thorn.	Covering Ground	Chuck Ragan
performer	Portals of Grace is the first solo release from Azam Ali.	Portals of Grace	Azam Ali
performer	Prime Motivator is the fourth full-length LP by The Giraffes.	Prime Motivator	The Giraffes
performer	The Poor Re-Touring Me Tour was a 1997 to 1999 concert tour by the band Metallica.	Poor Re-Touring Me Tour	Metallica
performer	Our Little Secret is the third studio album from Belgian electronic band Lords of Acid.	Our Little Secret	Lords of Acid
performer	``Gucci Gucci'' is the lead single from American rapper Kreayshawn's debut studio album, Somethin' 'Bout Kreay (2012).	Gucci Gucci	Kreayshawn
performer	``The Swiss Maid'' was a 1962 hit song for Del Shannon.	The Swiss Maid	Del Shannon
performer	``This Is a Low'' is a song by English rock band Blur for their third studio album, Parklife.	This Is a Low	Blur
performer	``Augen auf!'' (German for Eyes Open!) is the first single from German industrial metal group Oomph! from their album, Wahrheit oder Pflicht, and their first released under the GUN label.	Augen auf!	Oomph
performer	``I Saw It in the Mirror'' is a song by ABBA, released in their 1973 album Ring Ring.	I Saw It in the Mirror	ABBA
performer	``You Give Me Something'' is the first single by English singer James Morrison, which was released on 16 July 2006.	You Give Me Something	James Morrison
performer	Divided by Night is electronic duo The Crystal Method's fourth studio album.	Divided by Night	The Crystal Method
performer	'Bout It is the second studio album from contemporary R&B singer Jesse Powell, released September 8, 1998, via Silas Records.	'Bout It	Jesse Powell
performer	S.F. Sorrow is the fourth LP by the British rock group The Pretty Things, released in 1968.	S.F. Sorrow	The Pretty Things
performer	Dirty Reggae is the debut album by reggae band The Aggrolites.	Dirty Reggae	The Aggrolites
performer	Definition of a Band is the third studio album by R&B band Mint Condition.	Definition of a Band	Mint Condition
performer	Screwed Up is the third and final album by Queensbridge hip hop group Screwball, released July 19, 2004 on Hydra Entertainment Records.	Screwed Up	Screwball
performer	``Anybody Else But You'' is a song by UK hardcore duo Dougal & Gammer.	Anybody Else But You	Gammer
performer	``Bombtrack'' is a song by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine that opens their self-titled debut album.	Bombtrack	Rage Against the Machine
performer	Animal Serenade is a Lou Reed live album recorded in Los Angeles at the Wiltern Theatre in 2003 after The Raven.	Animal Serenade	Lou Reed
performer	``This Is Amazing Grace'' is the lead single on Phil Wickham's fifth studio album The Ascension.	This Is Amazing Grace	Phil Wickham
performer	``Qué Te Pasa'' (``What's Up With You'') is a dance song written by J.R. Florez and Gian Pietro DiFelissati, produced by Felissatti and performed by Mexican singer Yuri.	Qué Te Pasa	Yuri
performer	DenGee Livin' is the third studio album by American rap group DenGee (formerly known as 187 Fac).	DenGee Livin'	187 Fac
performer	``Rock and Roll Preacher (Hallelujah I'm On Fire)'' is a single from rock band Slade, released in 1982 from the album Till Deaf Do Us Part.	Rock and Roll Preacher (Hallelujah I'm On Fire)	Slade
performer	Death to Analog is the first studio debut album from American rock band Julien-K, which was released on March 10, 2009 (the European/Digi-Pak release date being March 5, 2010).	Death to Analog	Julien-K
performer	Pointless Nostalgic is Jamie Cullum's second album but his first major release on a record label.	Pointless Nostalgic	Jamie Cullum
performer	Embracing Mainstream Success is the sixth studio album by the Lithuanian-American heavy metal band Steel Wolf.	Embracing Mainstream Success	Steel Wolf
performer	Let's Get It On is the thirteenth studio album by American recording artist Marvin Gaye, released August 28, 1973, on Tamla Records.	Let's Get It On	Marvin Gaye
performer	Tålamod was released on October 24, 2007 and is a studio album from Swedish pop singer Shirley Clamp.	Tålamod	Shirley Clamp
performer	``Just to See Her'' is a 1987 song written by Jimmy George and Lou Pardini and recorded by American R&B recording artist Smokey Robinson from his studio album One Heartbeat (1986).	Just to See Her	Smokey Robinson
performer	Our Earthly Pleasures is the second album by Newcastle-based alternative rock band Maxïmo Park.	Our Earthly Pleasures	Maxïmo Park
performer	``Princess of China'' is a duet recorded by British alternative rock band Coldplay and Barbadian recording artist Rihanna for Coldplay's fifth studio album Mylo Xyloto.	Princess of China	Coldplay	Rihanna
performer	Tubthumper is the eighth studio album by the British band Chumbawamba, and is the album that catapulted them into the mainstream, released by EMI in the UK and in the US by Universal Records.	Tubthumper	Chumbawamba
performer	``Flowers & Football Tops'' is a song by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas, taken from their self-titled debut album.	Flowers & Football Tops	Glasvegas
performer	Hybrid Tango is a side project by the members of Buenos Aires-based electronic neo-tango band Tanghetto.	Hybrid Tango	Tanghetto
performer	``I Engineer'' is a 1986 song by American new wave band Animotion.	I Engineer	Animotion
performer	``Jesus Says'' is a song by Ash, released as the first single from their album Nu-Clear Sounds on September 21, 1998, reaching number 15 in the UK singles chart.	Jesus Says	Ash
performer	``Where Does My Heart Beat Now'' is a song by Canadian singer Celine Dion, taken from her first English-language studio album, Unison (1990).	Where Does My Heart Beat Now	Celine Dion
performer	``She Don't Use Jelly'' is a 1993 song by The Flaming Lips, and is their biggest radio hit to date.	She Don't Use Jelly	The Flaming Lips
performer	Orgasmic Nightmare is the fourth full-length album released by the Welsh psychobilly band Demented Are Go.	Orgasmic Nightmare	Demented Are Go
performer	Slipping Out is an album released by the disco and funk group The Trammps in 1980.	Slipping Out	The Trammps
performer	``Trust and Believe'' is a song by Grammy-nominated R&B singer/songwriter Keyshia Cole.	Trust and Believe	Keyshia Cole
performer	Straight Up (No Bends) is the debut solo single by East 17 singer Brian Harvey.	Straight Up (No Bends)	Brian Harvey
performer	``Brilliant Mind'' is a 1986 single by British new wave band Furniture, from their 1986 album The Wrong People.	Brilliant Mind	Furniture
performer	``Cheap Trick Kinda' Girl'' is the fourth single from the Danish dance/house duo Infernal.	Cheap Trick Kinda' Girl	Infernal
performer	``Blister in the Sun'' is a song by the American alternative rock band Violent Femmes, originally released on their 1983 self-titled debut album.	Blister in the Sun	Violent Femmes
performer	This Is This! is the sixteenth and final studio album by Weather Report.	This Is This!	Weather Report
performer	``And No Matches'' is a single by German techno group Scooter.	And No Matches	Scooter
performer	Kahdeksas ihme (The Eight Wonder) is the eight album of Finnish rock group Eppu Normaali.	Kahdeksas ihme	Eppu Normaali
performer	The Revival is the second studio album by American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné!, released on May 8, 1990, by Wing Records.	The Revival	Tony! Toni! Toné
performer	Mixture? is the first studio album by the Progressive metal band Relative Silence, which was released in 2002.	Mixture?	Relative Silence
performer	Spin the Wheel is the second album by Irish girl group, Bellefire.	Spin the Wheel	Bellefire
performer	``Moment of Surrender'' is a song by rock band U2 and the third track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon.	Moment of Surrender	U2
performer	``Crawling in the Dark'' is the first single by the American rock band Hoobastank.	Crawling in the Dark	Hoobastank
performer	``Flick of the Wrist'' is a song by British rock band Queen, released as a Double A-side with ``Killer Queen'' in the United Kingdom, Canada, the Netherlands, the United States and most other territories.	Flick of the Wrist	Queen
performer	The Crown Jewels is a box set by Queen which comprises their first eight studio albums;	The Crown Jewels	Queen
performer	Dirty Diamonds is the 24th studio album by Alice Cooper, released on July 4, 2005 internationally, and August 2 in the US.	Dirty Diamonds	Alice Cooper
performer	Information Retrieved is the fifth full-length studio album by San Diego indie rock band Pinback which was released on October 16, 2012 through Temporary Residence Ltd.	Information Retrieved	Pinback
performer	Upbeat Love is the debut album by the band Threatmantics.	Upbeat Love	Threatmantics
performer	``Man of Simple Pleasures'' is a song by English rock band Kasabian from the band's fourth studio album, Velociraptor! (2011).	Man of Simple Pleasures	Kasabian
performer	The Superstars was the third album by Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in March 1982.	The Superstars	Stars on 45
performer	``Frick Park Market'' is a song by American hip hop recording independent artist Mac Miller.	Frick Park Market	Mac Miller
performer	Human Wheels is the 12th album by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp.	Human Wheels	John Mellencamp
performer	Insomnia & Other Lullabyes is the debut album of independent Filipino singer-songwriter Cynthia Alexander released in 1996.	Insomnia & Other Lullabyes	Cynthia Alexander
performer	``The Lemon Song'' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, featured on their 1969 album Led Zeppelin II. It was recorded at Mystic Studios in Hollywood when the band were on their second concert tour of North America.	The Lemon Song	Led Zeppelin
performer	Maximum Unicorn is an album by Providence, RI band Gruvis Malt.	Maximum Unicorn	Gruvis Malt
performer	Animal Now is an album by British punk band The Ruts D.C., following a name change from ``The Ruts''.	Animal Now	The Ruts
performer	Sharing Your Love is the third studio album by the Italian/U.S. ensemble Change.	Sharing Your Love	Change
performer	Let It Beard is the fifth and final album by the Boston Spaceships, released in 2011.	Let It Beard	Boston Spaceships
performer	Let's Fly is the first mini-album released by B1A4 under WM Entertainment on April 21, 2011.	Let's Fly	B1A4
performer	The Summer Sanitarium Tour was Metallica's packaged tour in the Summer of the year 2000.	Summer Sanitarium Tour	Metallica
performer	E18 Album is the debut album by the band Detektivbyrån released by the Japanese label P-Vine under license from the band's own label Danarkia.	E18 Album	Detektivbyrån
performer	``Cathedral Song'' is a song released as a single from the album Ancient Heart by Tanita Tikaram.	Cathedral Song	Tanita Tikaram
performer	``Anselma'' is a song written by César Suedan and Guadalupe Trigo, produced by T-Bone Burnett and Steve Berlin, and performed by American band Los Lobos for their EP ...	Anselma	Los Lobos
performer	``I'm Bad'' (sometimes spelled I'm BAD) is the first single from LL Cool J's second album, Bigger and Deffer.	I'm Bad	LL Cool J
performer	``Who's Gonna Mow Your Grass'' is a 1969 single written and recorded by Buck Owens.	Who's Gonna Mow Your Grass	Buck Owens
performer	Eternamente (English Endlessly) is the 16th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.	Eternamente	Ana Gabriel
performer	``Pour Some Sugar on Me'' is a song by the English rock band Def Leppard from their 1987 album Hysteria.	Pour Some Sugar on Me	Def Leppard
performer	Spell of Iron is the first album by Finnish metal band Tarot, released in 1986 by Flamingo Music.	Spell of Iron	Tarot
performer	``The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala'' is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys, released as the second single from their fourth studio album Suck It and See and was intended to be released as a 7`` vinyl on 15 August 2011.	The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala	Arctic Monkeys
performer	War Nation is the eighth studio album from Tank, released through Metal Mind Productions on 5 June 2012.	War Nation	Tank
performer	The Manson Family Album was intended to be Marilyn Manson's first studio album and is a precursor to Portrait of an American Family.	The Manson Family Album	Marilyn Manson
performer	Break Up, Break Down is the first LP by the Reigning Sound.	Break Up, Break Down	Reigning Sound
performer	``Ch-Check It Out'' is a song by alternative hip-hop group the Beastie Boys, released as the first single off their sixth studio album To the 5 Boroughs.	Ch-Check It Out	Beastie Boys
performer	The Symphony World Tour was a concert tour by English soprano singer Sarah Brightman that started on 16 January 2008 in the city of Vienna, Austria and concluded on 5 April 2009 in Taipei, Taiwan.	The Symphony World Tour	Sarah Brightman
performer	``DoYaThing'' is a song by alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz, featuring LCD Soundsystem frontman James Murphy and André 3000 of Outkast.	DoYaThing	Gorillaz	James Murphy	André 3000
performer	Code B is the second solo studio album by the German singer Bela B..	Code B	Bela B.
performer	``Shuttin' Detroit Down'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer John Rich, one half of the duo Big & Rich.	Shuttin' Detroit Down	John Rich
performer	``Tunak Tunak Tun'' (Punjabi: ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣਕ ਤੁਣ) or simply ``Tunak'', is a bhangra/pop love song by Indian artist Daler Mehndi released in 1998.	Tunak Tunak Tun	Daler Mehndi
performer	``Say It's Gonna Rain'' is the title of a 1988 song by American dance-pop group Will to Power.	Say It's Gonna Rain	Will to Power
performer	Mysterious Traveller is the fifth album of Weather Report released in 1974.	Mysterious Traveller	Weather Report
performer	Exit English is the second album by the melodic hardcore band Strike Anywhere, released in 2003.	Exit English	Strike Anywhere
performer	``Resuscitate Me'' is a dance-pop song by Swedish recording artist September from her upcoming, fourth studio album, Love CPR.	Resuscitate Me	September
performer	``Do I Love You (Yes in Every Way)'' is a single co-written by Paul Anka, and made most famous by American country music artist Donna Fargo.	Do I Love You (Yes in Every Way)	Donna Fargo
performer	Eternal Melody is the first classical studio album by Japanese musician Yoshiki.	Eternal Melody	Yoshiki
performer	Master of the Moon is the tenth and final studio album by the American heavy metal band Dio.	Master of the Moon	Dio
performer	Delectable is the second album by AOR band Romeo's Daughter.	Delectable	Romeo's Daughter
performer	``Hey Oh'' is a 2003 song recorded by French duet Tragédie.	Hey Oh	Tragédie
performer	Sick of the Studio '07 was a 2007 concert tour by American heavy metal band Metallica, which took place in Europe.	Sick of the Studio '07	Metallica
performer	``Hurting Kind (I've Got My Eyes on You)'' is a rock song performed by English rock singer Robert Plant, from his 1990 album Manic Nirvana.	Hurting Kind (I've Got My Eyes on You)	Robert Plant
performer	¡Quiero Vivir! (I Want to Live!) is the debut album by Lilian Garcia, who is better known as the ring announcer for WWE Monday Night Raw.	¡Quiero Vivir!	Lilian Garcia
performer	Ducknapped! is a live album by Richard Thompson recorded during the 2003 tour to support the The Old Kit Bag album and released on Thompson's boutique Beeswing label.	Ducknapped!	Richard Thompson
performer	``Never My Love'' is a pop standard written by American siblings Donald and Richard Addrisi and best known from a hit 1967 recording by The Association.	Never My Love	The Association
performer	Reagan's In is the 1981 debut album by the Los Angeles punk band Wasted Youth.	Reagan's In	Wasted Youth
performer	Jefe de Jefes (``Boss of Bosses'') is the title of a studio album released by Mexican group Los Tigres del Norte.	Jefe de Jefes	Los Tigres del Norte
performer	``Starlight Moonlight'' (Korean: 별빛달빛) is a song by South Korean Kpop girl group Secret.	Starlight Moonlight	Secret
performer	``I'm Single'' is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne, released as a single from his ninth solo mixtape, No Ceilings, and is also included on his eighth studio album I Am Not a Human Being.	I'm Single	Lil Wayne
performer	Heart of the Immigrants is an album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola, released in 1993.	Heart of the Immigrants	Al Di Meola
performer	The Budhill Singles Club is a collection of songs released by The Fratellis from 2006 to the present day.	Budhill Singles Club	The Fratellis
performer	Deleted Scenes from the Cutting Room Floor is the debut album by Dutch singer Caro Emerald.	Deleted Scenes from the Cutting Room Floor	Caro Emerald
performer	``Stop Calling Me'' is a pop, r&b song written by Reno Nicastro, Simone Stacey and Naomi Wenitong, produced by Nicastro for Shakaya's first album Shakaya (2002).	Stop Calling Me	Shakaya
performer	``Näytän sulle rannan'' (English: I Will Show You the Beach) is the third single by Finnish singer Jesse Kaikuranta from his debut album Vie mut kotiin.	Näytän sulle rannan	Jesse Kaikuranta
performer	The New Bush is the 7th album released by Australian Country Musician Lee Kernaghan.	The New Bush	Lee Kernaghan
performer	``The Wind Blows'' is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as the second single from their third studio album When the World Comes Down on April 21, 2009.	The Wind Blows	The All-American Rejects
performer	``Man-Sized Wreath'' is the second track and third single from R.E.M.'s fourteenth album Accelerate, released on August 11, 2008 in the UK.	Man-Sized Wreath	R.E.M.
performer	``Play Around'' was the lead single released from Lil' Cease's debut album, The Wonderful World of Cease A Leo.	Play Around	Lil' Cease
performer	Tasogare Romance (黄昏ロマンス) (English: Twilight Romance) is the sixteenth single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Tasogare Romance	Porno Graffitti
performer	``Wild Wild Love'' is a song by American rapper Pitbull featuring American recording artist group G.R.L. The song was released February 25, 2014 and serves as the lead single off of Pitbull's eighth studio album Globalization.	Wild Wild Love	Pitbull	G.R.L.
performer	``Toxygene'' is a single by electronic music artist The Orb.	Toxygene	The Orb
performer	``Gotta Make It'' is the debut single by singer Trey Songz from his debut album I Gotta Make It.	Gotta Make It	Trey Songz
performer	Saudade LP is a solo album by rapper producer Mr. J. Medeiros.	Saudade LP	Mr. J. Medeiros
performer	``Un monde à changer'' is a French language single by French singer and actor Nyco Lilliu, his debut charting single.	Un monde à changer	Nyco Lilliu
performer	This Is Fire is the third album by Spires That in the Sunset Rise, released in 2006.	This Is Fire	Spires That in the Sunset Rise
performer	The Abattoir Blues Tour is the second live album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released on January 29, 2007.	The Abattoir Blues Tour	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
performer	Četiri godine (English: Four Years) is the eighth studio album by Bosnian pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and her band Slatki Greh.	Četiri godine	Lepa Brena
performer	Bloodangel's Cry is an album by German power metal band Krypteria, released in 2007.	Bloodangel's Cry	Krypteria
performer	Plektrum is the 19th studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Tomas Ledin, released in June 2006.	Plektrum	Tomas Ledin
performer	Color of Compassion is the third album by the band Ellison.	Color of Compassion	Ellison
performer	Dark Orgasm (2005) is a solo album by Julian Cope.	Dark Orgasm	Julian Cope
performer	Does It Look Like I'm Here? is a 2010 album from the band Emeralds.	Does It Look Like I'm Here?	Emeralds
performer	The Tenth Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor, the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television programme Doctor Who, who is played by David Tennant in three series as well as nine specials.	Tenth Doctor	David Tennant
performer	Live at Hammersmith '84 is a live album by Jethro Tull, recorded on Sunday 9 September 1984 at the Hammersmith Odeon in London.	Live at Hammersmith '84	Jethro Tull
performer	Promotional Copy is the second LP release of the indie band Reggie and the Full Effect.	Promotional Copy	Reggie and the Full Effect
performer	``Even Tho'' is the second single from Joseph Arthur's fourth studio album Our Shadows Will Remain.	Even Tho	Joseph Arthur
performer	``Heartbeat / Tragedy'' is the fourth single released by British pop group Steps.	Heartbeat / Tragedy	Steps
performer	Mail Dominance is the seventh full-length studio album by Esham, released in 1999.	Mail Dominance	Esham
performer	``I Don't Like It, I Love It'' is a song by American rapper Flo Rida from his 2015 EP My House.	I Don't Like It, I Love It	Flo Rida
performer	Five Treasure Box is the fourth studio album by South Korean rock band F.T. Island.	Five Treasure Box	F.T. Island
performer	Worth tha Weight is the debut album by female rapper Shawnna.	Worth tha Weight	Shawnna
performer	No Rewind is an album released by The Orchestra in 2001 and reissued in 2005 and again in 2006.	No Rewind	The Orchestra
performer	Ladies of the Road is a live album (2-CD set) by the band King Crimson, released in 2002 and reissued in Japan in 2008.	Ladies of the Road	King Crimson
performer	``Life Is a Rollercoaster'' is a song by Irish singer-songwriter Ronan Keating from his debut solo album, Ronan.	Life Is a Rollercoaster	Ronan Keating
performer	Deep Conversation is the fourth studio album by Vallejo, California rapper, Celly Cel.	Deep Conversation	Celly Cel
performer	``Dhoom Dhoom'' is the title track and single sung by the pop singer, Tata Young for the 2004 film and album, Dhoom.	Dhoom Dhoom	Tata Young
performer	``Golden Tears'' is a song written by John Schweers, and recorded by American country music trio Dave & Sugar.	Golden Tears	Dave & Sugar
performer	Somewhere Under Wonderland is the sixth studio album by American rock band Counting Crows, released on September 2, 2014 in the United States through Capitol Records, and on September 15, 2014 in the UK, through Virgin EMI.	Somewhere Under Wonderland	Counting Crows
performer	``Let the Beat Hit 'Em'' is the title of a number-one R&B single by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam from their 1991 album Straight Outta Hell's Kitchen.	Let the Beat Hit 'Em	Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam
performer	Aperitif for Destruction is the fourth album from Richard Cheese, released May 24, 2005.	Aperitif for Destruction	Richard Cheese
performer	Levelling the Land was released in 1991 and is the second full-length album by the Brighton folk-punk group The Levellers.	Levelling the Land	Levellers
performer	Wild Opera is No-Man's third studio album which displays art rock, trip hop and dub influences that were developed from improvisatory writing sessions.	Wild Opera	No-Man
performer	Wonders of the Younger is the sixth studio album by the band Plain White T's.	Wonders of the Younger	Plain White T
performer	``Part of the Union'' is a song by English band Strawbs featured on their 1973 album Bursting at the Seams and was the band's most successful single, peaking at number 2 in the UK Singles Chart.	Part of the Union	Strawbs
performer	Make the Difference is American singer Tracie Spencer's second album.	Make the Difference	Tracie Spencer
performer	``De Música Ligera'' (Spanish for Of easy-listening music) is a song and single by the Argentine rock band Soda Stereo and was written by vocalist and guitarist of the band, Gustavo Cerati.	De Música Ligera	Soda Stereo
performer	Sueño Electro I (Electro Dream l) is the Grammy Award-nominated fourth studio album from the Mexican electropop band Belanova, and the first half of the Sueño Electro project.	Sueño Electro I	Belanova
performer	``Stay My Baby'' is a pop song written by Max Martin, Tommy Tysper and Savan Kotecha as the second single from Amy Diamond's third studio album Music in Motion (2007).	Stay My Baby	Amy Diamond
performer	``Change the World'' is a pop song written by Tommy Sims, Gordon Kennedy, and Wayne Kirkpatrick whose best-known version was recorded by the British recording artist Eric Clapton for the soundtrack of the 1996 film, Phenomenon.	Change the World	Eric Clapton
performer	``Eres Mi Sueño'' (English: You Are My Dream) is a Latin pop song by Colombian recording artist Fonseca.	Eres Mi Sueño	Fonseca
performer	Always Something There is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label in 1968 and performed by Turrentine with orchestra and strings arranged by Thad Jones.	Always Something There	Stanley Turrentine
performer	The soundtrack of I Hate Luv Storys is composed by Vishal-- Shekhar.	I Hate Luv Storys	Vishal-- Shekhar
performer	(re)Production is the twenty-third solo album by rock musician Todd Rundgren that was recorded and released in 2011.	(re)Production	Todd Rundgren
performer	23, Male, Single is the debut mini album by 2PM's South Korean singer and dancer Jang Wooyoung.	23, Male, Single	Jang Wooyoung
performer	``Final Stroke'' is the lead single of the album Nosy by Portuguese singer Gomo, released on March 26, 2010.	Final Stroke	Gomo
performer	``I Feed You My Love'' is a song recorded by Norwegian singer Margaret Berger, released as the first single from her third studio album New Religion.	I Feed You My Love	Margaret Berger
performer	Advaitic Songs is the fifth studio album by the band Om, released on July 24, 2012.	Advaitic Songs	Om
performer	The Fullness of Time is progressive metal band Redemption's second album overall, but the first to feature a band lineup, as opposed to a project lineup as found on the 2003 eponymous debut.	The Fullness of Time	Redemption
performer	``Did It On'em'' is a song by Trinidadian-born recording artist Nicki Minaj.	Did It On'em	Nicki Minaj
performer	Mic City Sons is the third and final album by American indie rock band Heatmiser, released on October 29, 1996 through record label Caroline.	Mic City Sons	Heatmiser
performer	``With Ur Love'' is the second single by British singer-songwriter Cher Lloyd's debut studio album, Sticks and Stones, which was released on 4 November 2011.	With Ur Love	Cher Lloyd
performer	``Sun Shifts'' is a limited edition of 100 CD-Rs handmade and hand-drawn by White Rainbow (real name Adam Forkner).	Sun Shifts	Adam Forkner
performer	``Hey Little Boy'' is a rock song by Australian band Divinyls, released as the second single from their 1988 album Temperamental.	Hey Little Boy	Divinyls
performer	Starting Up is the fourth solo album by Roy Wood, who played most of the instruments and sang most of the vocals throughout, in addition to writing and producing the album.	Starting Up	Roy Wood
performer	Rogers Sings Rogerstein is the fifth solo album by You Am I frontman, Tim Rogers.	Rogers Sings Rogerstein	Tim Rogers
performer	Propaganda Man is an album by Ray Wilson released in 2008.	Propaganda Man	Ray Wilson
performer	Thank God for Mental Illness is the fifth studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre, released on October 25, 1996 by record label Bomp!.	Thank God for Mental Illness	The Brian Jonestown Massacre
performer	Love Is Always Seventeen is the sixth solo album by David Gates of Bread.	Love Is Always Seventeen	David Gates
performer	``Give U My Heart'' is a song recorded by American R&B singers Babyface and Toni Braxton for the soundtrack to the 1992 film Boomerang.	Give U My Heart	Babyface	Toni Braxton
performer	Labo M (2003) is the third studio album by French singer-song-writer Matthieu Chedid in his persona as -M-.	Labo M	Matthieu Chedid
performer	In Line is the debut album by Bill Frisell which was released on the ECM label in 1983.	In Line	Bill Frisell
performer	``We Are One Tonight'' is a song recorded by the American rock band Switchfoot, and is their second single from the album Nothing Is Sound.	We Are One Tonight	Switchfoot
performer	``Genie in a Bottle'' is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera from her self-titled debut album released in 1999.	Genie in a Bottle	Christina Aguilera
performer	French Kiss with Kylie is the debut English, chart-topping album by Romanian dance-pop group Akcent, which was released across Europe on August 23, 2006.	French Kiss with Kylie	Akcent
performer	Am Ende der Sonne is the second solo album of the German musician Farin Urlaub, released in 2005.	Am Ende der Sonne	Farin Urlaub
performer	The Laws of Scourge is the second studio album by the Brazilian extreme metal band Sarcófago.	The Laws of Scourge	Sarcófago
performer	``Hate (I Really Don't Like You)'' is a single by the Plain White T's.	Hate (I Really Don't Like You)	Plain White T
performer	``Hey Porsche'' is a song by American rapper Nelly, released as the lead single from his seventh studio album M.O. (2013).	Hey Porsche	Nelly
performer	Kill the Crown is the third full-length album by American deathcore band Salt the Wound.	Kill the Crown	Salt the Wound
performer	``Speed/Midijunkies'' (according to the CD single) or Midijunkies/Speed (according to the 12`` vinyl pressing) is a single by Atari Teenage Riot.	Speed/Midijunkies	Atari Teenage Riot
performer	The second album by Dutch alto saxophonist Candy Dulfer, Sax-a-Go-Go entered the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Album chart at #5 in February 1994, remaining in the chart for 31 weeks.	Sax-a-Go-Go	Candy Dulfer
performer	Tropicana Nights is the title of a studio album released by the Cuban jazz performer Paquito D'Rivera on November 11, 2008.	Tropicana Nights	Paquito D'Rivera
performer	En Directo Desde el Otro Lado (Straight from the Other Side) (2007) is the twenty-fifth album and seventh live album by Mexican Rock, Blues band El Tri.	En Directo Desde el Otro Lado	El Tri
performer	Under the Northern Sky is the first full-length album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Immortal Souls.	Under the Northern Sky	Immortal Souls
performer	Ivan Drago (Russian: Иван Драго) is a fictional character that appeared as Rocky Balboa's rival in the 1985 film Rocky IV. He is portrayed by Dolph Lundgren.	Ivan Drago	Dolph Lundgren
performer	``The Humpty Dance'' is a song by Digital Underground, which was featured on their debut album Sex Packets.	The Humpty Dance	Digital Underground
performer	``Brand New Lover'' is a song recorded by the British band Dead or Alive.	Brand New Lover	Dead or Alive
performer	Rave In2 the Joy Fantastic is a remix album by American recording artist Prince.	Rave In2 the Joy Fantastic	Prince
performer	``Wipe Your Eyes'' is a song recorded by American band Maroon 5 for the deluxe edition of their fourth studio album Overexposed (2012).	Wipe Your Eyes	Maroon 5
performer	``Techno Fan'' is a single from the indie-rock band The Wombats.	Techno Fan	The Wombats
performer	``Every Other Weekend'' is a duet by American country music artists Reba McEntire and Kenny Chesney, recorded on the former's 2007 album Reba:	Every Other Weekend	Reba McEntire
performer	``Come on a Cone'' is a song by American recording artist Nicki Minaj, taken from her sophomore studio album, Pink Friday:	Come on a Cone	Nicki Minaj
performer	Condition Critical is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot.	Condition Critical	Quiet Riot
performer	``Send in the Boys'' is a song by English indie rock band Milburn and is featured on their debut album, Well Well Well.	Send in the Boys	Milburn
performer	Twelve Songs of Christmas is an album by Jim Reeves released in the US in 1963.	Twelve Songs of Christmas	Jim Reeves
performer	Feature Presentation is the second studio album by Kansas City rapper Kutt Calhoun.	Feature Presentation	Kutt Calhoun
performer	The Screen Behind the Mirror is a 2000 music album by Enigma.	The Screen Behind the Mirror	Enigma
performer	Rock!!!!! is an album released by Violent Femmes in 1995.	Rock!!!!!	Violent Femmes
performer	Northwinds is the title of the second solo album by former Deep Purple singer David Coverdale, released in early 1978.	Northwinds	David Coverdale
performer	Bringer of Blood is the fifth album by the death metal band Six Feet Under.	Bringer of Blood	Six Feet Under
performer	All Killer, No Filler is the debut studio album by the Canadian rock band Sum 41, released on May 8, 2001.	All Killer, No Filler	Sum 41
performer	``Try It on My Own'', sometimes labelled as ``On My Own'', is a song by American recording artist Whitney Houston.	Try It on My Own	Whitney Houston
performer	Thunder + Lightning is American band Modey Lemon's second album and the last to be recorded without Jason Kirker in the band as he was asked to join shortly after he produced this album.	Thunder + Lightning	Modey Lemon
performer	Siren Song of the Counter Culture is the third album by American punk rock band Rise Against, released on August 10, 2004.	Siren Song of the Counter Culture	Rise Against
performer	Who's the Boss in the Factory? is the title of the third studio album by Swedish symphonic rock band Karmakanic.	Who's the Boss in the Factory?	Karmakanic
performer	Gypsyhook is the first solo release by Sonny Moore, who would later use the alias Skrillex for future releases.	Gypsyhook	Skrillex
performer	``Everything You've Done Wrong'' is the second single from Canadian band Sloan's 1996 album, One Chord to Another.	Everything You've Done Wrong	Sloan
performer	``Everybody's on the Run'' is a song by the English rock band Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds, written by frontman Noel Gallagher from their self-titled debut album Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.	Everybody's on the Run	Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds
performer	The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking is the first solo album by Roger Waters released in 1984, the year after Waters announced his departure from Pink Floyd.	The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking	Roger Waters
performer	New Grass is a 1968 album by jazz saxophonist Albert Ayler released on Impulse!	New Grass	Albert Ayler
performer	Judgement of Tormented Souls is the second Studio Album by Russian metal band Dominia.	Judgement of Tormented Souls	Dominia
performer	On Down the Road is the fifth studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin, released on August 21, 2002.	On Down the Road	Izzy Stradlin
performer	See You at the Fair is an album by jazz saxophonist Ben Webster, released on Impulse!	See You at the Fair	Ben Webster
performer	Dead or Dreaming is the second full-length studio album by Canadian melodic death metal and progressive metal band Into Eternity.	Dead or Dreaming	Into Eternity
performer	Breaking Kayfabe is the debut album by Canadian rapper Cadence Weapon, released in 2005 on Upper Class Recordings.	Breaking Kayfabe	Cadence Weapon
performer	Kev's Back (The Return of the Yobbo) is the second album by the rude Australian singer/comedian Kevin Bloody Wilson.	Kev's Back (The Return of the Yobbo)	Kevin Bloody Wilson
performer	Blue Sky Mine is a song by Australian rock band Midnight Oil released in 1990 as the first single from their album Blue Sky Mining.	Blue Sky Mine	Midnight Oil
performer	``Let's Go Round Again'' was a single released by the Scottish funk and R&B group Average White Band.	Let's Go Round Again	Average White Band
performer	``The Heart Wants What It Wants'' is a song by American recording artist Selena Gomez from her 2014 compilation album For You.	The Heart Wants What It Wants	Selena Gomez
performer	``Beat Bop'' is a hip hop single by American rappers Rammellzee and K-Rob, originally released in 1983 by record label Tartown.	Beat Bop	Rammellzee	K-Rob
performer	``Peachy'' is a song by Australian singer-songwriter Missy Higgins and the third single released from her second album, On A Clear Night.	Peachy	Missy Higgins
performer	Bury Me Deep in Love is a single released by Australian folk rock group The Triffids from their album Calenture.	Bury Me Deep in Love	The Triffids
performer	Bayou Country is the second studio album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival, released by Fantasy Records in January 1969, and was the first of three albums CCR released in that year (see 1969 in music).	Bayou Country	Creedence Clearwater Revival
performer	``Is That You Mo-Dean?'' is a song by The B-52's released as the second single from their album Good Stuff.	Is That You Mo-Dean?	The B-52's
performer	Idle Moments is a 1963 jazz album by guitarist Grant Green.	Idle Moments	Grant Green
performer	Dave's Picks Volume 2 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead.	Dave's Picks Volume 2	Grateful Dead
performer	InDRUpendence Day is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Dru Hill, released on July 27, 2010 under Kedar Entertainment Group.	InDRUpendence Day	Dru Hill
performer	Euro IV Ever is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer-songwriter E-Type, which was released in 2001.	Euro IV Ever	E-Type
performer	Sexy, Free & Single (reissue name Spy) is the sixth Korean studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior.	Sexy, Free & Single	Super Junior
performer	Same Trailer Different Park is the major label debut album by American country music artist Kacey Musgraves, released on March 19, 2013, through Mercury Nashville.	Same Trailer Different Park	Kacey Musgraves
performer	``Alone Too Long'' is a 1975 single by Hall & Oates from their album Daryl Hall & John Oates.	Alone Too Long	Hall & Oates
performer	``You're My Star'' is a pop rock song by Welsh rock band Stereophonics from their greatest hits album, Decade in the Sun:	You're My Star	Stereophonics
performer	Big Red Car is the fifth album by the popular children's band The Wiggles, released in 1995.	Big Red Car	The Wiggles
performer	Blackthorn Asylum is the eleventh album by dark ambient duo Nox Arcana.	Blackthorn Asylum	Nox Arcana
performer	``Is There a Ghost'' is the first single taken from Band of Horses' second album Cease to Begin, which was released on August 28, 2007.	Is There a Ghost	Band of Horses
performer	``Love Will Find Its Way to You'' is the title of a song written by Dave Loggins and J.D. Martin, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire.	Love Will Find Its Way to You	Reba McEntire
performer	Sheer Heart Attack is the third studio album by British rock band Queen, released in November 1974.	Sheer Heart Attack	Queen
performer	``So Listen'' is a single from Australian singer Cody Simpson featuring American R&B singer T-Pain and producer DJ Frank E. It was released on iTunes 13 March 2012 as a promotional single.	So Listen	T-Pain
performer	Tonight the Stars Revolt! is the second major label studio album by Boston heavy metal band Powerman 5000.	Tonight the Stars Revolt!	Powerman 5000
performer	Sinners International is the fourth album by Norwegian industrial rock outfit Zeromancer.	Sinners International	Zeromancer
performer	``What's Your Flava?'' is a song recorded by English R&B artist Craig David.	What's Your Flava?	Craig David
performer	Visor, svarta och röda (English: Songs, black and red) is studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.	Visor, svarta och röda	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	Pieces of You is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Jewel, released on February 28, 1995 by Atlantic Recordings.	Pieces of You	Jewel
performer	Bananskiva (English: Banana slice) is a children's album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström together with Gösta Linderholm.	Bananskiva	Fred Åkerström
performer	Class Clown Spots a UFO is the 17th album by Dayton, Ohio rock group Guided by Voices.	Class Clown Spots a UFO	Guided by Voices
performer	Looking for the Light is an album released in 1995 by country music artist Rick Trevino.	Looking for the Light	Rick Trevino
performer	``9 PM (Till I Come)'' is a song by German electronic dance music producer ATB, featuring uncredited vocals by Yolanda Rivera released as his debut single and the lead single from his debut album Movin' Melodies (1998).	9 PM (Till I Come)	ATB
performer	``Lewis Takes Action'' is the first single from the album Heartland by Canadian musician Owen Pallett.	Lewis Takes Action	Owen Pallett
performer	Don't Touch My Girl is the second digital single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 2nd single album also called Don't Touch My Girl.	Don't Touch My Girl	Boyfriend
performer	Go to Nassau is a two-CD live album by the rock group the Grateful Dead.	Go to Nassau	Grateful Dead
performer	Psychic Chasms is the debut studio album by American electronic music band Neon Indian, released on October 13, 2009 by Lefse Records.	Psychic Chasms	Neon Indian
performer	``Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da'' is a song by the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles (often called ``the White Album'').	Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da	The Beatles
performer	Wonderlustre is the fourth studio album by the British rock band Skunk Anansie.	Wonderlustre	Skunk Anansie
performer	Other titles written by the duo include ``It's Now or Never'' and ``Good Luck Charm''; both of which - like ``A Big Hunk o' Love'' - were originally recorded by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley.	A Big Hunk o' Love	Elvis Presley
performer	5 Ahead is the seventh studio album by Japanese band Tokio.	5 Ahead	Tokio
performer	``We Fly High'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist, Jim Jones, released as the lead single from his third studio album, Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment) (2006).	We Fly High	Jim Jones
performer	``Hot Stuff (Let's Dance)'' is a song by British R&B artist Craig David.	Hot Stuff (Let's Dance)	Craig David
performer	Tum Kaho (literal English translation: If You Say So) is a Pop Rock song by the band SYMT.	Tum Kaho	SYMT
performer	Azalea Place is the second solo album by Joey Tempest, the vocalist in the Swedish hard rock band Europe.	Azalea Place	Joey Tempest
performer	Shakedown Street is the tenth studio album by the Grateful Dead.	Shakedown Street	Grateful Dead
performer	Up Tight (shown as Up-Tight Everything's Alright on the cover) is a 1966 album by American singer Stevie Wonder.	Up-Tight	Stevie Wonder
performer	Time on Earth is the fifth studio album by the pop-rock band Crowded House.	Time on Earth	Crowded House
performer	Beat Down is a song by music producers Steve Aoki and Angger Dimas, featuring vocals from Australian rapper Iggy Azalea.	Beat Down	Steve Aoki	Angger Dimas
performer	Like Gangbusters is the first studio album by British New Wave band JoBoxers, first released in 1983 and featuring five chart singles.	Like Gangbusters	JoBoxers
performer	In the Glare of Burning Churches is the fifth demo album by the black metal band Graveland.	In the Glare of Burning Churches	Graveland
performer	Saturday Satan Sunday Saint is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb, released in 1969 (see 1969 in music).	Saturday Satan Sunday Saint	Ernest Tubb
performer	``Goodbye Tonight'' is the fifth single from Start Something, the second album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets.	Goodbye Tonight	Lostprophets
performer	Sentimentalovers (also styled SENTIMENTALovers) is the sixth full-length album released by singer and songwriter Ken Hirai.	Sentimentalovers	Ken Hirai
performer	Somebody's Someone is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Gil Grand.	Somebody's Someone	Gil Grand
performer	Calling All Corpses is the fourth studio album by American horror punk musician Wednesday 13.	Calling All Corpses	Wednesday 13
performer	``Molitva'' (Serbian Cyrillic: Молитва; English: ``Prayer'') is a song with music by Vladimir Graić, lyrics by Saša Milošević Mare, and sung by Serbian singer Marija Šerifović.	Molitva	Marija Šerifović
performer	``Cry for Freedom'' is a song by American/Danish hard rock band White Lion.	Cry for Freedom	White Lion
performer	Regalo del Alma (English: A Gift from the Soul) is the title of the final studio album recorded by Cuban salsa recording artist Celia Cruz, released posthumously on August 5, 2003, following Cruz's death from brain cancer on July 16, 2003.	Regalo del Alma	Celia Cruz
performer	Whale Meat Again is the second studio album by the British musician Jim Capaldi.	Whale Meat Again	Jim Capaldi
performer	The Aztec Suite is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer featuring performances arranged by Chico O'Farrill recorded in 1959 and originally released on the United Artists label.	The Aztec Suite	Art Farmer
performer	``Margaritaville'' is a 1977 song by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett from the album Changes in Latitudes, Changes in Attitudes.	Margaritaville	Jimmy Buffett
performer	Fruitbats & Crows is the follow-up to Farryl Purkiss's 2006 self titled album.	Fruitbats & Crows	Farryl Purkiss
performer	Still the Orchestra Plays - Greatest Hits, Volume 1 & 2 is a greatest hits compilation album by the American heavy metal group Savatage, released in 2010.	Still the Orchestra Plays	Savatage
performer	Vên is the demo by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie.	Vên	Eluveitie
performer	Touched by the Crimson King is the second album of power metal/heavy metal band Demons and Wizards and was released in June 2005.	Touched by the Crimson King	Demons and Wizards
performer	Carryin' On is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.	Carryin' On	Grant Green
performer	Lean into It is the second studio album by the American rock supergroup Mr. Big, released in 1991.	Lean into It	Mr. Big
performer	Stacked Up is the debut album by UK rap-rock group Senser.	Stacked Up	Senser
performer	Rising in the East is a live DVD of Judas Priest performing a concert in Tokyo's Nippon Budokan, filmed in May 2005.	Rising in the East	Judas Priest
performer	``Red Solo Cup'' is a song written by Brett Warren, Brad Warren, Brett Beavers and Jim Beavers, and recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith.	Red Solo Cup	Toby Keith
performer	Theatre of the Unheard is the third album by American country musician Darrell Scott, released in 2003 by the Full Light label.	Theatre of the Unheard	Darrell Scott
performer	All Men Amen is the second album by English saxophonist Iain Ballamy, featuring Django Bates, Steve Watts and Martin France.	All Men Amen	Iain Ballamy
performer	Throne to the Wolves is the fourth album by the post-hardcore band From First to Last.	Throne to the Wolves	From First to Last
performer	Forever Delayed is a greatest hits album and DVD by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers, released in 2002 by record label Epic.	Forever Delayed	Manic Street Preachers
performer	``Big Red Balloon'' is a single by Spell.	Big Red Balloon	Spell
performer	``Baby Fratelli'' is The Fratellis' fourth single from their debut album Costello Music.	Baby Fratelli	The Fratellis
performer	What If Someone Is Watching Their T.V.? is the second full-length album by the Screaming Females.	What If Someone Is Watching Their T.V.?	Screaming Females
performer	The Story of Iceland is an album of modern chamber music in multiple styles by violinist and multi-instrumentalist Eyvind Kang, accompanied by a large ensemble that includes guitarist Bill Frisell.	The Story of Iceland	Eyvind Kang
performer	``Feel Again'' is a song recorded by American rock band OneRepublic for their third studio album Native (2013).	Feel Again	OneRepublic
performer	Mundo Feliz was the second album released by Mexican rock band Fobia in 1991 .	Mundo Feliz	Fobia
performer	Sky Is the Limit is the seventh studio album published by the Swiss DJ / producer DJ Antoine, released on 25 January 2013.	Sky Is the Limit	DJ Antoine
performer	A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk is a split LP by Baroness and Unpersons.	A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk	Baroness
performer	We the Fallen is the fourth studio album by American band Psyclon Nine.	We the Fallen	Psyclon Nine
performer	Professor Soul is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.	Professor Soul	Charles Kynard
performer	Like We Used to Be is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene It's a group reunion with their original signer/guitarist, John Starling.	Like We Used to Be	The Seldom Scene
performer	I Die for You Today is the 22nd single overall from Alphaville, and the first single from Alphaville's 2010 album Catching Rays on Giant.	I Die for You Today	Alphaville
performer	Grab This! is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label.	Grab This!	Johnny Griffin
performer	Tokyo Jukebox 2 is a studio album by the American guitarist Marty Friedman.	Tokyo Jukebox 2	Marty Friedman
performer	Rockology is an album by former Kiss drummer Eric Carr released in 1999.	Rockology	Eric Carr
performer	Killing Mobius (2005) is the fifth studio full-length album by DJ? Acucrack.	Killing Mobius	DJ? Acucrack
performer	``A Night in Tunisia'' or ``Night in Tunisia'' is a musical composition written by Dizzy Gillespie circa 1941-2 while Gillespie was playing with the Benny Carter Band.	A Night in Tunisia	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	``Love Thing''is a song by recording artist Tina Turner from her 1991 album Simply the Best.	Love Thing	Tina Turner
performer	Isolate and Medicate is the sixth studio album by South African post-grunge band Seether.	Isolate and Medicate	Seether
performer	Just Feelin' is a 1985 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner originally released on the Palo Alto label.	Just Feelin'	McCoy Tyner
performer	All the Years is a song that was recorded by the rock band Chicago, released on the 2008 album Stone of Sisyphus.	All the Years	Chicago
performer	Thriler (Greek: Θρίλερ; English: Thriller) is the 17th studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas, released by Legend Recordings in 2006.	Thriler	Nikos Karvelas
performer	Danny Joe Brown and the Danny Joe Brown Band is the first and only studio album by American southern rock band The Danny Joe Brown Band, released in 1981.	Danny Joe Brown and the Danny Joe Brown Band	The Danny Joe Brown Band
performer	``Bootie Call'' is a song performed by British-Canadian girl group All Saints from their debut album, All Saints (1998).	Bootie Call	All Saints
performer	``John the Fisherman'' is the first single by the alternative metal band Primus, released first live in 1989 on Suck on This, then re-released a year later, this time studio recorded, on Frizzle Fry.	John the Fisherman	Primus
performer	The End of the World Party is the second studio album by American electronicore band I See Stars.	The End of the World Party	I See Stars
performer	``Beggin' on Your Knees'' is a song performed by the Victorious cast featuring Victoria Justice.	Beggin' on Your Knees	Victorious	Victoria Justice
performer	Back from the Gig is a double LP by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1963 and 1968 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1976.	Back from the Gig	Booker Ervin
performer	Sweeter Than the Day is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 2001 and released on the Canadian Songlines label.	Sweeter Than the Day	Wayne Horvitz
performer	Light Ages is a 1993 album by the Finnish rock group Wigwam.	Light Ages	Wigwam
performer	``Before Your Love'' is a song recorded by American pop singer Kelly Clarkson.	Before Your Love	Kelly Clarkson
performer	Peter, Paul and Mommy, released on Warner Bros. in 1969, is the trio Peter, Paul and Mary's first children's album.	Peter, Paul and Mommy	Peter, Paul and Mary
performer	``Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic'' is a song by British rock group The Police from their fourth album Ghost in the Machine.	Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic	The Police
performer	``Someone Who's Cool'' is the first single released by the Canadian rock band Odds from their fourth album, Nest.	Someone Who's Cool	Odds
performer	At the End of a Perfect Day is singer Chris de Burgh's third original album, released in 1977.	At the End of a Perfect Day	Chris de Burgh
performer	The World Is a Thorn (also stylized The World Is Λ Thorn) is Demon Hunter's fifth studio album, which was released March 9, 2010.	The World Is a Thorn	Demon Hunter
performer	Distortionist is the second full length album from Texas rock band The Murdocks, set for release on September 14, 2010.	Distortionist	The Murdocks
performer	The Beast Is Back is the seventh album by a newly reformed Blue Cheer, 13 years after their previous album, Oh!	The Beast Is Back	Blue Cheer
performer	``I'm Grown'' is the second single from Tiffany Evans' self-titled debut album, Tiffany Evans.	I'm Grown	Tiffany Evans
performer	Rollin' with Leo is the second, and last, album as a leader by American jazz saxophonist Leo Parker, recorded in 1961 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980.	Rollin' with Leo	Leo Parker
performer	``20th Century Man'' is a song recorded by British rock band The Kinks.	20th Century Man	The Kinks
performer	``Leave My Kitten Alone'' is a 1959 R&B hit, written by Little Willie John, Titus Turner and James McDougal, first recorded by Little Willie John, and covered in 1960 by Johnny Preston.	Leave My Kitten Alone	Little Willie John
performer	``Some Kinda Rush'' is the fourth single by the UK dance duo Booty Luv.	Some Kinda Rush	Booty Luv
performer	``I Want Your Soul'' is a single by Armand Van Helden and the third from his seventh studio album, Ghettoblaster.	I Want Your Soul	Armand Van Helden
performer	March ör Die is the tenth album by English rock band Motörhead, released in August 1992.	March ör Die	Motörhead
performer	'Cheat on Me' arrived in August 2009 as the first single taken from the fourth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs.	Cheat on Me	The Cribs
performer	Majestik Zouk is an album from the French Caribbean music group, Kassav'.	Majestik Zouk	Kassav
performer	``Don't Leave Me Behind/Silent Stream'' is the sixth single released by Japanese singer Ami Suzuki in March 1999.	Don't Leave Me Behind/Silent Stream	Ami Suzuki
performer	``Love This Life'' is a song by the American hip hop recording artist T.I., released on April 3, 2012, as the first single from his eighth studio album, Trouble Man:	Love This Life	T.I.
performer	Bastardiser is the first full-length album by Swiss Mathcore band Knut, released in Europe in 1998.	Bastardiser	Knut
performer	``Now You See Her, Now You Don't'' is a song by Canadian group Crash Test Dummies and was the second promotional single from their 2010 album Oooh La La!.	Now You See Her	Crash Test Dummies
performer	Dutty Rock (West Indian patois for ``dirty rock'') is the second studio album by Jamaican reggae/dancehall artist Sean Paul.	Dutty Rock	Sean Paul
performer	Perspex Island is the tenth album by Robyn Hitchcock and his sixth with backing band, The Egyptians, released on Go!	Perspex Island	Robyn Hitchcock
performer	``The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows'' is a 2004 single by the alternative rock band Brand New.	The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows	Brand New
performer	You Baby is the second studio album by the folk rock band The Turtles.	You Baby	The Turtles
performer	Gothic Kabbalah is the thirteenth full-length musical album by Therion.	Gothic Kabbalah	Therion
performer	The Return of Dr. Octagon is the tenth studio album by American rapper Keith Thornton, better known as Kool Keith.	The Return of Dr. Octagon	Kool Keith
performer	Secrets of the I Ching is the first full length album by 10,000 Maniacs (following their 1982 EP release), released in 1983 by Christian Burial Music, the band's own label.	Secrets of the I Ching	10,000 Maniacs
performer	``Shakin' It 4 Daddy'' (sometime rendered as ``Shakin' It for Daddy'') is a song recorded by American singer Robin Thicke for his fourth studio album, Sex Therapy:	Shakin' It 4 Daddy	Robin Thicke
performer	Lifetime Friend is an album from Little Richard, his first album in seven years since the release of the 1979 gospel album, God's Beautiful City.	Lifetime Friend	Little Richard
performer	Rapped in Romance is the final album from the World Class Wreckin' Cru released on the Epic record label in 1986.	Rapped in Romance	World Class Wreckin' Cru
performer	``If It's Lovin' that You Want'' is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her debut studio album Music of the Sun (2005).	If It's Lovin' that You Want	Rihanna
performer	``They Will Kill Us All (Without Mercy)'' is a song by the Los Angeles-based punk rock band The Bronx, released as the first single from their 2003 debut album The Bronx.	They Will Kill Us All (Without Mercy)	The Bronx
performer	``The Space on the Wall'' is the first single by Australian alternative rock band Dead Letter Circus from their debut studio album This Is the Warning, and their fourth single overall.	The Space on the Wall	Dead Letter Circus
performer	Unborn Child is the sixth studio album by American pop/folk duo Seals and Crofts.	Unborn Child	Seals and Crofts
performer	Human Desolation is the second full length album by German band X Marks the Pedwalk.	Human Desolation	X Marks the Pedwalk
performer	``Used to Get High'' is a radio promotional single by Australian jam band, The John Butler Trio from their fourth studio album Grand National.	Used to Get High	John Butler Trio
performer	A Hard Act to Follow is an extended play by American country music singer Keith Whitley.	A Hard Act to Follow	Keith Whitley
performer	Elements of Anger is the fourth album by the American thrash metal band Sadus.	Elements of Anger	Sadus
performer	``Walking Backwards'' is the third single from The Futureheads' third studio album, This Is Not The World, which was released on 4 August 2008.	Walking Backwards	The Futureheads
performer	Heroes Are Hard to Find is the ninth studio album by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released in 1974.	Heroes Are Hard to Find	Fleetwood Mac
performer	``Cheatin' on Me'' was released as the second and final single from American R&B singer's Kandi Burruss' debut album Hey Kandi.	Cheatin' on Me	Kandi Burruss
performer	The Weatherman LP is the first album by the Dilated Peoples' member Evidence, released on March 20, 2007, by ABB.	The Weatherman LP	Evidence
performer	``Release the Pressure'' is the third single released under the Leftfield name and the first to involve Paul Daley with writing duties after he joined the group.	Release the Pressure	Leftfield
performer	``Hell on High Heels'' is a single by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released as the first single on their 2000 album New Tattoo.	Hell on High Heels	Mötley Crüe
performer	``No Aphrodisiac'' is the third single on The Whitlams third album Eternal Nightcap.	No Aphrodisiac	The Whitlams
performer	Voices from Within is the second full-length studio album by Israeli oriental death/doom metal band Distorted, released on April 7, 2008.	Voices from Within	Distorted
performer	Jean Lee and the Yellow Dog is an album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 2007 and released on the Hot label.	Jean Lee and the Yellow Dog	Ed Kuepper
performer	Love's Secret Domain is the third album by Coil and was released in 1991.	Love's Secret Domain	Coil
performer	Troots is an album by Scottish celtic fusion band Shooglenifty.	Troots	Shooglenifty
performer	``Please Don't Tease'' is a 1960 song recorded by Cliff Richard and the Shadows.	Please Don't Tease	Cliff Richard
performer	What's THIS For...! is the second studio album by English rock band Killing Joke.	What's THIS For...!	Killing Joke
performer	Point of Entry is the seventh album from the British heavy metal band Judas Priest.	Point of Entry	Judas Priest
performer	Behind the Walls of Imagination is an album by new age artist Eloy Fritsch, known for his work in progressive rock group Apocalypse.	Behind the Walls of Imagination	Eloy Fritsch
performer	Doong Spank is the title of the fourth studio album by Bahamas-based musical group Baha Men.	Doong Spank	Baha Men
performer	First Experience is the debut album by Hong Kong singer Jason Chan released in 2007.	First Experience	Jason Chan
performer	Hardcastle 5 is a smooth jazz album by producer/musician Paul Hardcastle.	Hardcastle 5	Paul Hardcastle
performer	Let Go of Your Bad Days is the second album released by Canadian power pop group The Salteens.	Let Go of Your Bad Days	The Salteens
performer	The Partridge Family Sound Magazine was the third album from The Partridge Family.	Sound Magazine	The Partridge Family
performer	Samidara is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow, released as both an LP and a cassette.	Samidara	Merzbow
performer	``I Got Nothin''' is a song recorded by American country music artist Darius Rucker and co-written by Rucker with Clay Mills.	I Got Nothin'	Darius Rucker
performer	``Tyttö sinä olet meritähti'' is the debut single by Finnish Hip-Hop, Rap group Yön Polte.	Tyttö sinä olet meritähti	Yön Polte
performer	Easy Tiger is the ninth studio album by Ryan Adams, released on June 26, 2007, on the Lost Highway label.	Easy Tiger	Ryan Adams
performer	Only the Greatest is a 1968 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor.	Only the Greatest	Waylon Jennings
performer	``Runnin' for the Red Light (I Gotta Life)'' is a song composed and written by Harry Vanda, George Young, Patti Russo, Sarah Durkee, and Meat Loaf (who also recorded it).	Runnin' for the Red Light (I Gotta Life)	Meat Loaf
performer	Drums Around the Corner is a jazz album by Art Blakey, mostly recorded in 1958 but only released in 1999.	Drums Around the Corner	Art Blakey
performer	I Want You Near Me is a song by recording artist Tina Turner from her 1991 compilation album Simply The Best, on which it was one of four new recordings.	I Want You Near Me	Tina Turner
performer	Those Whom the Gods Detest is the sixth studio album by American technical death metal band Nile.	Those Whom the Gods Detest	Nile
performer	Whatever's on Your Mind is the seventh studio album by English indie rock band Gomez.	Whatever's on Your Mind	Gomez
performer	Galerija Tutnplok is the fourth studio album by the Croatian hip hop / rap rock band The Beat Fleet.	Galerija Tutnplok	The Beat Fleet
performer	Paddy on the Road is the debut album by Irish folk musician Christy Moore, released in 1969.	Paddy on the Road	Christy Moore
performer	A Symphony of Hits is the ninth album by Australian pop vocal group Human Nature.	A Symphony of Hits	Human Nature
performer	That's Why I Sing This Way is the fifth album by American country music singer Daryle Singletary.	That's Why I Sing This Way	Daryle Singletary
performer	For Alto is a jazz double-LP by composer/multi-reedist Anthony Braxton.	For Alto	Anthony Braxton
performer	Message in the Music is a 1976 album by American R&B group The O'Jays,	Message in the Music	The O'Jays
performer	``The Kiss of Dawn'' is a song by the Finnish band HIM, released 10 September 2007.	The Kiss of Dawn	HIM
performer	The Dawn of Grace is a Christmas album by the alternative rock/indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer.	The Dawn of Grace	Sixpence None the Richer
performer	The Quiet Zone/The Pleasure Dome, released in 1977, is the eighth album by British progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator.	The Quiet Zone/The Pleasure Dome	Van der Graaf Generator
performer	``Seaside Treats'' is the first single by Cardiacs and was released only as a 12-inch single.	Seaside Treats	Cardiacs
performer	The College Dropout is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West, released February 10, 2004, on Roc-A-Fella Records.	The College Dropout	Kanye West
performer	Frank Drebin is a fictional character in the Police Squad! series and the Naked Gun movies played by Leslie Nielsen.	Frank Drebin	Leslie Nielsen
performer	``Lucky Love'' is a song recorded by Swedish group Ace of Base from their album The Bridge.	Lucky Love	Ace of Base
performer	``Sous l'oeil de l'ange / Qu'est ce que ça te fout'' is third single from K.Maro's album La Good Life.	Sous l'oeil de l'ange / Qu'est ce que ça te fout	K.Maro
performer	Urban Emotions is the eighth studio album by Hins Cheung, released on July 11, 2008.	Urban Emotions	Hins Cheung
performer	``Jam (Turn It Up)'' is a song by American television personality Kim Kardashian.	Jam (Turn It Up)	Kim Kardashian
performer	``Caring Is Creepy'' is the first song on The Shins' debut album Oh, Inverted World, released on June 19, 2001.	Caring Is Creepy	The Shins
performer	Urban Turban (subtitled Urban Turban - The Singhles Club) is a 2012 studio album by the British band Cornershop.	Urban Turban	Cornershop
performer	American Wake is the third album by Kansas City Celtic rock band The Elders.	American Wake	The Elders
performer	Det er mig der holder træerne sammen is a 2002 album by the Danish band Under Byen.	Det er mig der holder træerne sammen	Under Byen
performer	On the Cobbles was the final studio album by John Martyn released during his lifetime (his last studio album, ``Heaven and Earth'', was released posthumously), released in 2004.	On the Cobbles	John Martyn
performer	The first released version of ``Oh No Not My Baby'' was by Maxine Brown, according to whom the song had first been recorded by her Scepter Records' roster-mates the Shirelles with the group's members alternating leads, an approach which had rendered the song unreleasable.	Oh No Not My Baby	Maxine Brown
performer	Se hace por los suenos asesinos is the third full-length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted.	Se hace por los suenos asesinos	Corrupted
performer	``Heartache Tonight'' is a song written by Don Henley, Glenn Frey, Bob Seger and J. D. Souther, and recorded by the Eagles.	Heartache Tonight	Eagles
performer	``Gonna Raise Hell'' is a song written by Rick Nielsen and originally released on Cheap Trick's 1979 album Dream Police.	Gonna Raise Hell	Cheap Trick
performer	Cease to Begin is the second album by Band of Horses, released on October 9, 2007.	Cease to Begin	Band of Horses
performer	Night Eternal is the ninth studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell, released on May 16, 2008 in Europe and on June 10, 2008 in North America.	Night Eternal	Moonspell
performer	Plays the Theme from The V.I.P.s and Other Great Songs is an album of theme music by jazz pianist Bill Evans with an orchestra conducted by Claus Ogerman recorded in 1963 for the MGM label.	Plays the Theme from The V.I.P.s and Other Great Songs	Bill Evans
performer	``And Then We Dance'' is the debut single by season four winners of Australia's Got Talent, Justice Crew.	And Then We Dance	Justice Crew
performer	Nilsson Sings Newman is an album of Randy Newman compositions sung by Harry Nilsson, with Newman on piano.	Nilsson Sings Newman	Harry Nilsson
performer	Waking into Nightmares is the second album by the American thrash metal band Warbringer, released on May 19, 2009 in the U.S. and May 25, 2009 in Europe.	Waking into Nightmares	Warbringer
performer	``Aşkkolik'' (En. Love Addict) is the fifth single, tenth overall, by Belgian singer Hadise from her second self-entitled studio album Hadise.	Aşkkolik	Hadise
performer	Dictated Aggression is the fifth full-length studio album from American crossover thrash band, M.O.D..	Dictated Aggression	M.O.D.
performer	Just Reality is the second album release by dancehall and reggae artist Shabba Ranks.	Just Reality	Shabba Ranks
performer	Stockcity Girl is the debut studio album by Swedish singer Paola Bruna, released in 2002.	Stockcity Girl	Paola Bruna
performer	``Would You Be Happier?'' is a single by Irish band The Corrs, released in 2001, taken from their album The Best of The Corrs, released a few weeks later.	Would You Be Happier?	The Corrs
performer	``Elvis Presley and America'' is the ninth track from U2's 1984 album, The Unforgettable Fire.	Elvis Presley and America	U2
performer	Ideologi Sikap Otak is a studio album by Ahmad Band and was released in 1998 in Indonesia; the title translates into ``The Ideology of Brain Attitude''.	Ideologi Sikap Otak	Ahmad Band
performer	God Sound is the second and final album released by rap group, Boogiemonsters.	God Sound	Boogiemonsters
performer	Minhas canções preferidas is a 1981 album of Portuguese songs, including Portuguese-language versions of his own songs, by Julio Iglesias.	Minhas canções preferidas	Julio Iglesias
performer	March Fires is the fourth studio album by Western Australian alternative rock band Birds of Tokyo.	March Fires	Birds of Tokyo
performer	``Temporary Home'' is a song written by Zac Maloy, Luke Laird and co-written and recorded by American country artist Carrie Underwood.	Temporary Home	Carrie Underwood
performer	In Angel City is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Quartet West recorded in 1988 and released on the Verve label.	In Angel City	Charlie Haden
performer	Where You Goin' Now is a single from the band Damn Yankees.	Where You Goin' Now	Damn Yankees
performer	``Two Out of Three Ain't Bad'' is a love song performed by the American musician Meat Loaf in his solo career, preceded by ``You Took the Words Right Out of My Mouth'' and followed by ``Paradise by the Dashboard Light''.	Two Out of Three Ain't Bad	Meat Loaf
performer	Dimanche à Bamako (English: Sunday in Bamako) is the fourth album by Malian duo Amadou & Mariam featuring, and produced by, French singer Manu Chao.	Dimanche à Bamako	Amadou & Mariam
performer	``Walk Me Home'' is a pop song by singer Mandy Moore from her debut album, So Real, and released as a single in 1999.	Walk Me Home	Mandy Moore
performer	``When I Held Ya'' is a song performed by singer Moa Lignell, who finished third on Swedish Idol 2011.	When I Held Ya	Moa Lignell
performer	``Imaginary Monsters'' is the third EP by the Canadian rock band The Birthday Massacre, and contains three new tracks, and five remixes.	Imaginary Monsters	The Birthday Massacre
performer	Frampton's Camel is Peter Frampton's second album, recorded and released in 1973.	Frampton's Camel	Peter Frampton
performer	Devojka od čokolade is the second studio album by Serbian recording artist Ana Nikolić.	Devojka od čokolade	Ana Nikolić
performer	Le Tour De La Question is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange.	Le Tour De La Question	Ange
performer	Cole Porter in a Modern Mood is the debut album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston, recorded in 1954 and released on the Riverside label as a 10-inch LP.	Cole Porter in a Modern Mood	Randy Weston
performer	``(Let Me Be Your) Teddy Bear'' is a popular song first recorded by Elvis Presley in 1957 for the soundtrack of his second motion picture, Loving You, during which Presley performs the song on screen.	(Let Me Be Your) Teddy Bear	Elvis Presley
performer	``Walkin' on the Sun'' is the debut single by American rock band Smash Mouth, from the album Fush Yu Mang.	Walkin' on the Sun	Smash Mouth
performer	``Love in This Club Part II'' is a song recorded by American R&B singer Usher, and features fellow R&B singer Beyoncé and rapper Lil Wayne.	Love in This Club Part II	Usher	Beyoncé	Lil Wayne
performer	On da Grind is the fourth studio album by the Ghetto Mafia.	On da Grind	Ghetto Mafia
performer	Submarine Bells is an album by New Zealand group The Chills, released in 1990.	Submarine Bells	The Chills
performer	No Habla is the fourth solo album by Robby Krieger, guitarist for The Doors.	No Habla	Robby Krieger
performer	Many Worlds Are Born Tonight (1998) is the tenth album by American singer-songwriter Happy Rhodes.	Many Worlds Are Born Tonight	Happy Rhodes
performer	``Down on Love'' was the fifth and final single taken from the album Agent Provocateur by the band Foreigner, and primarily released only in the U.S. in September 1985.	Down on Love	Foreigner
performer	Decadence Dance is a song by Boston rock band Extreme, released as the lead single from their 1990 album Pornograffitti.	Decadence Dance	Extreme
performer	``Say Hello, Wave Goodbye'' is a song from the album Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret by English synthpop duo Soft Cell that was released as a single in 1982 and reached number three on the UK Singles Chart.	Say Hello, Wave Goodbye	Soft Cell
performer	Leader II is a 1991 studio album by English musician Gary Glitter.	Leader II	Gary Glitter
performer	``You and Your Heart'' is a song by Hawaiian singer-songwriter Jack Johnson and is the lead single from his fifth studio album, To the Sea.	You and Your Heart	Jack Johnson
performer	``Lady (You Bring Me Up)'' is a 1981 Top 10 hit single by The Commodores.	Lady (You Bring Me Up)	Commodores
performer	Siempre Estoy Pensando en Ti (English: I'm Always Thinking of You) is the eighth studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1978 and re-release on July 18, 1989.	Siempre Estoy Pensando en Ti	Juan Gabriel
performer	``The Love I Lost'' is a soul/disco song by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes.	The Love I Lost	Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes
performer	``I Know What You Want'' is a song written by rapper Busta Rhymes, and produced by Rick Rock for Rhymes' eighth album It Ain't Safe No More (2002).	I Know What You Want	Busta Rhymes
performer	``Graveyard Girl'' is a song by French electronic act M83.	Graveyard Girl	M83
performer	``Talk to Me, Dance with Me'' is a song by Canadian indie rock band Hot Hot Heat from their first album, Make Up the Breakdown.	Talk to Me, Dance with Me	Hot Hot Heat
performer	Serenada Schizophrana is a series of compositions written by American film composer Danny Elfman in 2004.	Serenada Schizophrana	Danny Elfman
performer	``Are You Happy Now?'' is a song by the American singer Michelle Branch which was released as the first out of three singles released from her 2003 album Hotel Paper.	Are You Happy Now?	Michelle Branch
performer	New Magnetic Wonder is the sixth studio album from The Apples in Stereo.	New Magnetic Wonder	The Apples in Stereo
performer	``O Julissi'' also known as ``O Julissi Na Jalini'' is a song by the Belgian six-piece band Ishtar.	O Julissi	Ishtar
performer	En vida is the first live album by Argentine band Almafuerte recorded and released in 1997.	En vida	Almafuerte
performer	``Knee Deep in the Blues'' is a song written by Melvin Endsley and was recorded by Marty Robbins in 1957.	Knee Deep in the Blues	Marty Robbins
performer	Silent Chaos Serpentine is the second full-length studio album by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band, Stigmata.	Silent Chaos Serpentine	Stigmata
performer	Red Beat is the third studio album of Christina Aguilar - a popular Thai artist.	Red Beat	Christina Aguilar
performer	``Danger (Been So Long)'' is the second single released by rapper Mystikal from his fourth album, Let's Get Ready, it featured singer Nivea.	Danger (Been So Long)	Mystikal	Nivea
performer	Silence Is Betrayal is First Blood's second full-length release.	Silence Is Betrayal	First Blood
performer	Distant Horizons is the twenty-first studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind, released in 1997.	Distant Horizons	Hawkwind
performer	Things of Beauty is the U.S. release of Loituma's first of two albums.	Things of Beauty	Loituma
performer	``Feel Like a Rock Star'' is a song written by Chris Tompkins and Rodney Clawson, and recorded by Kenny Chesney as a duet with Tim McGraw.	Feel Like a Rock Star	Kenny Chesney	Tim McGraw
performer	Memories from a Fading Room is a studio album by English disc jockey and record producer Mark Barrott, under the name of Future Loop Foundation.	Memories from a Fading Room	Mark Barrott
performer	The Winding Sheet is a studio album by alternative rock artist Mark Lanegan.	The Winding Sheet	Mark Lanegan
performer	``Goodnight Tonight'' is a single by the band Wings notable for its disco-inflected sound and spirited flamenco guitar break.	Goodnight Tonight	Wings
performer	Still at Large is the third and final album released by Crime Boss.	Still at Large	Crime Boss
performer	In the Mountain in the Cloud is the sixth studio album by Alaskan psychedelic rock band Portugal. The Man.	In the Mountain in the Cloud	Portugal. The Man
performer	``La Reina de la Noche'' (The Queen of the Night) is a dance-pop song by Venezuelan singer Mayré Martínez and the first single from her studio album of the same name, it was released on her official website on May 25, 2008.	La Reina de la Noche	Mayré Martínez
performer	The Gasoline Age is an album by East River Pipe, released in 1999.	The Gasoline Age	East River Pipe
performer	Mi Día de la Independencia is the third studio album by the alternative rock musician Lynda Thomas.	Mi Día de la Independencia	Lynda Thomas
performer	Addicted Romantic is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band Faker.	Addicted Romantic	Faker
performer	The Myst is a studio album recorded by Celtic Harp Orchestra, released by Ethnoworld in 2005.	The Myst	Celtic Harp Orchestra
performer	Furia Alacranera (Eng.: Scorpion's Rage) is the title of the first studio album released by music group Alacranes Musical.	Furia Alacranera	Alacranes Musical
performer	``L'Amourir'' is a single by The Young Gods released as a single in 1988.	L'Amourir	The Young Gods
performer	Jazz a Confronto 21 is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in Rome, Italy, on March 21, 1975 and released on the Horo label as part of the ``Jazz a Confronto'' series.	Jazz a Confronto 21	Don Pullen
performer	``The Mummers' Dance'' is a single by Canadian Celtic singer Loreena McKennitt from the album The Book of Secrets in 1997.	The Mummers' Dance	Loreena McKennitt
performer	A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Three) is a collection by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2011, of previously unreleased outtakes, demos, and remixes from sessions from the first three out-of-print aTelecine releases aVigillant Carpark EP, ...	A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Three)	aTelecine
performer	``My, My, My'' is a number-one R&B single by Johnny Gill.	My, My, My	Johnny Gill
performer	``All Together Now'' is a song by Liverpudlian baggy band The Farm from their album Spartacus, and links some of the band's favourite themes: socialism, brotherhood and football.	All Together Now	The Farm
performer	Five Hundred Pounds is an album by Canadian rock band Big Sugar, released in 1993 on Hypnotic Records.	Five Hundred Pounds	Big Sugar
performer	``Dear X (You Don't Own Me)'' or ``Dear X, You Don't Own Me'' is a song by Christian metal band Disciple.	Dear X (You Don't Own Me)	Disciple
performer	Din of Ecstasy is the second studio album by singer-songwriter and guitarist, Chris Whitley.	Din of Ecstasy	Chris Whitley
performer	Awful Mess Mystery was the debut album by indie rock band Wolfie, released in 1999 via Mud Records.	Awful Mess Mystery	Wolfie
performer	``Can't Shake It'' is the first single released from Australian singer Kate Miller-Heidke's second album Curiouser.	Can't Shake It	Kate Miller-Heidke
performer	Pöytä on katettu is the second studio album by Finnish band Elokuu.	Pöytä on katettu	Elokuu
performer	Rise to Your Knees is the Meat Puppets' eleventh full-length studio album, released on July 17, 2007.	Rise to Your Knees	Meat Puppets
performer	Heavy Petting Zoo (known as Eating Lamb on the LP version) is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX.	Heavy Petting Zoo	NOFX
performer	Second Light (subtitled ``An Original Dreadzone Sound Adventure'') is the second album by the British band Dreadzone.	Second Light	Dreadzone
performer	Ganging Up on the Sun is the fifth studio album by the rock band Guster.	Ganging Up on the Sun	Guster
performer	And Thou Shalt Trust... the Seer is the first full-length album by the German symphonic metal band Haggard.	And Thou Shalt Trust... the Seer	Haggard
performer	``Papi Te Quiero'' (English: Daddy I Love You) is a song by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen, from the platinum edition of her third studio album, Diva (2003).	Papi Te Quiero	Ivy Queen
performer	``Makin' Me Fall in Love Again'' is a song written by Karyn Rochelle, James T. Slater, and Shane Stevens, and recorded by American country artist Kellie Pickler.	Makin' Me Fall in Love Again	Kellie Pickler
performer	``I Got It from My Mama'' is a hip hop song by American rapper artist will.i.am.	I Got It from My Mama	will.i.am
performer	Spacebrock, is a studio album released by Hawkwind in 2000, although the lack of contributors and title has prompted suggestions that it is a de facto Dave Brock solo album.	Spacebrock	Hawkwind
performer	On Little Known Frequencies is the fourth and final studio album by the post-rock band From Monument to Masses.	On Little Known Frequencies	From Monument to Masses
performer	Uproot is a 2008 mix produced by DJ /rupture.	Uproot	DJ /rupture
performer	Welcome to the New Cold World is an Album by Lights Action.	Welcome to the New Cold World	Lights Action
performer	``For the Love of You'' (sometimes titled For the Love of You, Part 1 & 2) is a song recorded by The Isley Brothers, who released the song as the second single off their landmark 1975 album, The Heat Is On.	For the Love of You	The Isley Brothers
performer	Stari radovi (Old Works) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor, released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije! in 2004, consisting of home-made demo recordings made by the band in the period between 1996 and 1997.	Stari radovi	Goribor
performer	``I Know What I Like'' is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News and released as a single from the album Fore! in 1987.	I Know What I Like	Huey Lewis and the News
performer	Absolutego is the debut studio album by Japanese experimental doom band Boris.	Absolutego	Boris
performer	Asphalt Canyon Suite is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Verve label.	Asphalt Canyon Suite	Kenny Burrell
performer	Here for a Good Time is the twenty-seventh studio album by American country music artist George Strait.	Here for a Good Time	George Strait
performer	Dizzy Digs Paris is a compilation album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and his band featuring concert and studio performances recorded in Paris in 1953 and originally released on the French Disques Vogue and Blue Star labels.	Dizzy Digs Paris	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	Walkin' on Air is a 1987 album from Norwegian pop duo Bobbysocks.	Walkin' on Air	Bobbysocks
performer	Stereotomy is the ninth studio album by The Alan Parsons Project, released in 1985.	Stereotomy	The Alan Parsons Project
performer	Înapoi În Viitor (Back To The Future) is the ninth studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia, released on September 1, 2011 by Casa Productions in Romania.	Înapoi În Viitor	B.U.G. Mafia
performer	Parafora (Greek: Παράφορα, pronounced (paˈrafora); English: Madly) is the 13th studio album by Greek recording artist Sakis Rouvas and 15th album overall.	Parafora	Sakis Rouvas
performer	``You're Makin' Me High'' is the lead single from Toni Braxton's second studio album, Secrets (1996).	You're Makin' Me High	Toni Braxton
performer	Dreaming Wide Awake is the second album by singer and composer Lizz Wright, released in 2005 (see 2005 in music).	Dreaming Wide Awake	Lizz Wright
performer	``Only Girl (In the World)'' is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth album, Loud (2010).	Only Girl (In the World)	Rihanna
performer	Roger the Engineer (UK title: Yardbirds, but commonly referred to as ``Roger the Engineer''. US, German and French title: Over Under Sideways Down) is an album by English blues rock band The Yardbirds, released in 1966.	Roger the Engineer	The Yardbirds
performer	Other Folks' Music is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk with Richard Williams, Kermit Moore, Gloria Agostini, Trudy Pitts, Hilton Ruiz, Henry Mattathias Pearson, Roy Haynes, Sonny Brown, Arthur Jenkins and Joe Habad Texidor recorded in March 1976.	Other Folks' Music	Rahsaan Roland Kirk
performer	``Call the Shots'' is a song by British girl group Girls Aloud from their fourth studio album, Tangled Up (2007).	Call the Shots	Girls Aloud
performer	Stompin' Grounds is the fourth studio album released by the American country rock/southern rock band The Kentucky Headhunters.	Stompin' Grounds	The Kentucky Headhunters
performer	No Far Away is the first studio album by contemporary Christian musician Chris August.	No Far Away	Chris August
performer	``I Think We're Alone Now'' is a song, written and composed by Ritchie Cordell, that was initially a 1967 hit for the American recording artists Tommy James and the Shondells, reaching number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.	I Think We're Alone Now	Tommy James and the Shondells
performer	The Last Kind Words is the third studio album by DevilDriver, released in the United States on July 31, 2007.	The Last Kind Words	DevilDriver
performer	Keep Me on Your Side is the second studio album by New Zealand pop punk band Goodnight Nurse, released on 7 April 2008.	Keep Me on Your Side	Goodnight Nurse
performer	Right Back at Cha! is the fourth album by the Los Angeles, California-based R&B group Dynasty.	Right Back at Cha!	Dynasty
performer	Quiéreme (Eng.: ``Love Me'') is the fourteenth studio album released by Los Bukis on March 10, 1992.	Quiéreme	Los Bukis
performer	Minstrel in the Gallery is the eighth studio album by British band Jethro Tull, recorded in April and released in September 1975.	Minstrel in the Gallery	Jethro Tull
performer	The Last Chair Violinist is the tenth album by South Park Mexican and the third since the start of his 45 year incarceration in 2002.	The Last Chair Violinist	South Park Mexican
performer	Simply Bird (Thai: ซิมพลีย์ เบิร์ด) is the fifteenth studio album by Thai recording artist Thongchai McIntyre.	Simply Bird	Thongchai McIntyre
performer	``Walk on the Ocean'' is a song by the rock group Toad the Wet Sprocket on their 1991 album Fear.	Walk on the Ocean	Toad the Wet Sprocket
performer	I Heard It Today is the third full-length studio album by American hip hop artist Mr. Lif.	I Heard It Today	Mr. Lif
performer	Dirt Metal is Finnish power metal band Thunderstone's fifth album.	Dirt Metal	Thunderstone
performer	Long Dim Road is Chicago Celtic punk band The Tossers' third studio album.	Long Dim Road	The Tossers
performer	K-Mart Disco is an unofficial demo album by American band Scissor Sisters, released internationally in 2007.	K-Mart Disco	Scissor Sisters
performer	``Diventerai Una Star'' is the second single from Finley's Album Tutto è Possibile and it was released on May 2006.	Diventerai Una Star	Finley
performer	``In a Place of Lesser Men'' is the first single released from Matthew Good's fifth solo album, Lights of Endangered Species.	In a Place of Lesser Men	Matthew Good
performer	``Riot in Everyone'' is a 2005 single by Swedish glam metal band Crashdïet.	Riot in Everyone	Crashdïet
performer	Every Body Tells a Story is the title of the debut studio album by actress Brigitte Nielsen.	Every Body Tells a Story	Brigitte Nielsen
performer	A Way to See in the Dark is a music album by Jason Gray released September 13, 2011.	A Way to See in the Dark	Jason Gray
performer	``I Cut Like a Buffalo'' is the third track from the album Horehound, by the alternative rock group The Dead Weather in 2009.	I Cut Like a Buffalo	The Dead Weather
performer	West Coast Resurrection is the third independent studio album by American rapper The Game.	West Coast Resurrection	Game
performer	``Rusted from the Rain'' is the first official single by Billy Talent off their album, Billy Talent III. It was released on May 19, 2009.	Rusted from the Rain	Billy Talent
performer	White Ladder is the fourth studio album by English folk singer-songwriter David Gray.	White Ladder	David Gray
performer	Turn on Your Radio is the sixth and final studio album by the Italian/U.S. ensemble Change.	Turn on Your Radio	Change
performer	Dethalbum II is the second full length album by virtual band Dethklok, from the animated series Metalocalypse.	Dethalbum II	Dethklok
performer	Dreams in Colour is the third album released by Portuguese pop--rock singer David Fonseca.	Dreams in Colour	David Fonseca
performer	Sweeten the Distance is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Neal Casal, released on November 14, 2011; on Fargo.	Sweeten the Distance	Neal Casal
performer	The Back Room is the debut studio album by British post-punk revival band Editors, released on 25 July 2005.	The Back Room	Editors
performer	Been to the Future is the solo album by Joey Eppard, the lead vocalist and guitarist for the band 3.	Been to the Future	Joey Eppard
performer	Internal Salvation is the sixth full-length studio album of American streetpunk band, The Unseen.	Internal Salvation	The Unseen
performer	Leave London (EP) is the second single by British Ska and Indie band Kid British.	Leave London	Kid British
performer	Yo no fui is an album by Mexican Latin pop singer Pedro Fernández.	Yo no fui	Pedro Fernández
performer	``China in Your Hand'' is a song by the British band T'Pau, released from their album Bridge of Spies.	China in Your Hand	T'Pau
performer	Dewaar (Urdu: دیوار, literal English translation: ``wall'') is the seventh studio album and the thirteenth overall album of the Pakistani band, Junoon released in 2003.	Dewaar	Junoon
performer	Dumb Loud Hollow Twang is the first studio album released by Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters.	Dumb Loud Hollow Twang	The Bambi Molesters
performer	Sve Same Barabe (English: ``nothing but bastards'') is the only studio album by the Serbian hip-hop group, 43zla (Bdat Džutim, Ajs Nigrutin, Mikri Maus, Eufrat and Bvana).	Sve Same Barabe	43zla
performer	Composizioni is the second solo album by pianist Giovanni Allevi.	Composizioni	Giovanni Allevi
performer	``Destroy the Orcs'' is the second single by Canadian power metal band 3 Inches of Blood.	Destroy the Orcs	3 Inches of Blood
performer	Only Pain Is Real was the second album by the Portuguese pop band Silence 4.	Only Pain Is Real	Silence 4
performer	Sunday 8PM is Faithless' second album, released on 28 September 1998.	Sunday 8PM	Faithless
performer	``Living in the Plastic Age'' (on some releases simply listed as ``The Plastic Age'') is a synthpop song written, performed and produced by The Buggles.	Living in the Plastic Age	The Buggles
performer	Enlightened Rogues is the sixth studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band.	Enlightened Rogues	Allman Brothers Band
performer	Goin' Up is the second album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard released on the Blue Note label in 1961.	Goin' Up	Freddie Hubbard
performer	The Black & White Album is the eighth solo album from American singer-songwriter and violinist Imani Coppola.	The Black & White Album	Imani Coppola
performer	Tigerdrottningen (Swedish for The Tiger Queen) is the eleventh studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent.	Tigerdrottningen	Kent
performer	A Traveler's Guide to Space and Time is a first box set by German power metal band Blind Guardian.	A Traveler's Guide to Space and Time	Blind Guardian
performer	``Un'emozione per sempre'' is a song recorded by Italian singer Eros Ramazzotti and released in May 2003 as the lead single from his studio album 9.	Un'emozione per sempre	Eros Ramazzotti
performer	``Whenever I Say Your Name'' is a 2004 duet between British singer-songwriter Sting and American R&B singer Mary J. Blige.	Whenever I Say Your Name	Sting	Mary J. Blige
performer	``Gangsters and Thugs'' is a single by the Transplants from their second album Haunted Cities.	Gangsters and Thugs	Transplants
performer	At Stockholm is an album by Psychic TV and White Stains.	At Stockholm	Psychic TV
performer	``The Ballad of Ronnie Drew'' is a single by U2, The Dubliners, Kíla and A Band of Bowsies.	The Ballad of Ronnie Drew	U2	The Dubliners	Kíla
performer	``Fly Together'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Red Café, released as the promotional single off his upcoming debut studio album ShakeDown.	Fly Together	Red Café
performer	Night Rocker is the debut studio album by the American actor David Hasselhoff.	Night Rocker	David Hasselhoff
performer	Labour of Lust is an album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.	Labour of Lust	Nick Lowe
performer	More Beautiful Than Silence is an EP by Canadian rapper K'naan, released on January 31, 2012.	More Beautiful Than Silence	K'naan
performer	Still Feels Good is the fifth studio album released by the American country music group Rascal Flatts.	Still Feels Good	Rascal Flatts
performer	``Stryderman'' is the lead single from recording artist Tinchy Stryder's second studio album, Catch 22.	Stryderman	Tinchy Stryder
performer	``Take Me to the Next Phase (Part 1)'' was a hit song for R&B/funk band The Isley Brothers.	Take Me to the Next Phase	The Isley Brothers
performer	2-3-4 is an album by American jazz drummer Shelly Manne featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.	2-3-4	Shelly Manne
performer	``Ride for You'' is a ballad written by Bryan Michael Cox, Kendrick ``Wyldcard'' Dean, and Adonis Stropshire for Danity Kane's debut album Danity Kane (2006).	Ride for You	Danity Kane
performer	I Cry, I Smile is the second full-length studio release from noted R&B/soul songwriter/producer Narada Michael Walden.	I Cry, I Smile	Narada Michael Walden
performer	Smell the Magic is the second album by the Los Angeles band L7.	Smell the Magic	L7
performer	Where Your Road Leads is the seventh studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood, released in 1998 by MCA Nashville.	Where Your Road Leads	Trisha Yearwood
performer	``Afternoons & Coffeespoons'' is a song of the Canadian pop band Crash Test Dummies and is the third single from the 1993 album God Shuffled His Feet.	Afternoons & Coffeespoons	Crash Test Dummies
performer	Ballad of the Broken Seas is an album released by Isobel Campbell and the first collaboration between her and Mark Lanegan.	Ballad of the Broken Seas	Isobel Campbell
performer	``Ligaya'' (English: Joy) is the first single of the Eraserheads from their debut album, Ultraelectromagneticpop!.	Ligaya	Eraserheads
performer	Pulled Punches is the fifth album release from +/- and their first US compilation of unreleased material.	Pulled Punches	+/
performer	Execution Tracks (1998) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.	Execution Tracks	Funker Vogt
performer	``Warrior's Dance'' is the twentieth single released by the British electronic band The Prodigy on 11 May 2009, and it is the second commercial single from the album Invaders Must Die after ``Omen'' and the free ``promo'' single ``Invaders Must Die''.	Warrior's Dance	The Prodigy
performer	``It's Passion'' is a debut single recorded by American ``emotio-electro'' band The System.	It's Passion	The System
performer	Re-Experienced is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released in the Netherlands in 1975 by Polydor Records.	Re-Experienced	Jimi Hendrix
performer	No Ordinary World is the seventeenth studio album by Joe Cocker, released on 9 September 1999 in Europe and on 22 August 2000 in USA.	No Ordinary World	Joe Cocker
performer	Home Wreckordings is a 2001 album by Rebecca Moore.	Home Wreckordings	Rebecca Moore
performer	My Blood is the sixth studio album by the Danish technical thrash metal band Artillery.	My Blood	Artillery
performer	``Little Fluffy Clouds'' is a single released by the British ambient house group The Orb.	Little Fluffy Clouds	The Orb
performer	Grit & Grind is the seventh studio album by American rapper E-40.	Grit & Grind	E-40
performer	``You Blow Me Away'' is a song by English vocalist Robert Palmer.	You Blow Me Away	Robert Palmer
performer	``Broken Hearted Me'' is a song written by Randy Goodrum, originally recorded by England Dan & John Ford Coley in 1978, and later covered by Canadian country and pop music singer Anne Murray.	Broken Hearted Me	Anne Murray
performer	Attack of the Grey Lantern is the debut album by English alternative rock band Mansun released in February 1997 via Parlophone.	Attack of the Grey Lantern	Mansun
performer	A Million Trillion Stars (2009) is the second studio album by electronic duo Boomkat.	A Million Trillion Stars	Boomkat
performer	A Virgin and a Whore is the fourth album by Finnish symphonic death metal band Eternal Tears of Sorrow.	A Virgin and a Whore	Eternal Tears of Sorrow
performer	``My Only Star'' is the sixth track on Finnish symphonic power metal band Amberian Dawn's 2008 album, River of Tuoni.	My Only Star	Amberian Dawn
performer	Uneasy Listening Vol. 2 is a compilation album by Finnish band HIM.	Uneasy Listening Vol. 2	HIM
performer	``Maybach Music 2'' is a hip-hop song recorded by American rapper Rick Ross and released as the third single from his third studio album, Deeper Than Rap.	Maybach Music 2	Rick Ross
performer	``Can You Stand the Rain'' is a ballad by R&B/pop group New Edition.	Can You Stand the Rain	New Edition
performer	Cosmic Cleavage is an album by American indie hip hop artist Busdriver.	Cosmic Cleavage	Busdriver
performer	Third Plane is an album by jazz bassist Ron Carter, released on the Milestone label in 1977.	Third Plane	Ron Carter
performer	``The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite'' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was influenced by the song ``The Lion Sleeps Tonight'', both in the title of the song and through the song's opening refrain.	The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite	R.E.M.
performer	A Different Shade is a 2007 album from Swedish singer Erik Segerstedt, released on February 1, 2007, and debuted at number 2 on the Swedish album chart.	A Different Shade	Erik Segerstedt
performer	Green Shading into Blue is the third album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label.	Green Shading into Blue	Arild Andersen
performer	Believing in Better is the second studio album by Lennie Gallant, released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).	Believing in Better	Lennie Gallant
performer	Church Mouth is the second full-length album from Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal. The Man.	Church Mouth	Portugal. The Man
performer	Demolicious is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Green Day.	Demolicious	Green Day
performer	``Old Folks'' is a song recorded by American country music artists Ronnie Milsap and Mike Reid, the latter of whom wrote the song.	Old Folks	Ronnie Milsap	Mike Reid
performer	Underground Chamber is the thirty-third studio album by guitarist Buckethead, and the fourth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.	Underground Chamber	Buckethead
performer	``Farewell to the Fairground'' is a song from London-based indie rock band, White Lies.	Farewell to the Fairground	White Lies
performer	Softly as a Summer Breeze is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1965.	Softly as a Summer Breeze	Jimmy Smith
performer	Sunshine and Rain is the eleventh studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.	Sunshine and Rain	Connie Smith
performer	Hear My Music is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released on November 30, 2004 by Dagger Records.	Hear My Music	Jimi Hendrix
performer	These Old Charms is the debut album by Canadian Idol finalist Theresa Sokyrka, released across Canada on April 26, 2005.	These Old Charms	Theresa Sokyrka
performer	Stoned & Dethroned is the fifth album by the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain.	Stoned & Dethroned	The Jesus and Mary Chain
performer	Che sarà was sung by José Feliciano and the Ricchi e Poveri group and came second to Il Cuore E' Uno Zingaro.	Che sarà	José Feliciano
performer	``I Melt with You'' is a song by the British post-punk/new wave band Modern English.	I Melt with You	Modern English
performer	Les Ténèbres du Dehors is an album by neoclassical band Elend.	Les Ténèbres du Dehors	Elend
performer	``There's a Star'' is a song by Ash, released as the fifth single from their album Free All Angels, on 31 December 2001.	There's a Star	Ash
performer	``Best I Ever Had (Grey Sky Morning)'' is a song recorded by the American alternative rock band Vertical Horizon on their fourth album Everything You Want, which was released in 1999.	Best I Ever Had (Grey Sky Morning)	Vertical Horizon
performer	Bestival Live 2011 is a live album recorded by The Cure during Bestival 2011 music festival in September 2011, and released in December 5, 2011.	Bestival Live 2011	The Cure
performer	The Ophidian Trek is a concert film by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah.	The Ophidian Trek	Meshuggah
performer	Universal Small Souljah is the fourth album from rapper Bushwick Bill.	Universal Small Souljah	Bushwick Bill
performer	``Six Days on the Road'' is an American song written by Earl Green and Muscle Shoals Sound Studio songwriter Carl Montgomery, made famous originally by country music singer Dave Dudley.	Six Days on the Road	Dave Dudley
performer	``Non ho mai smesso'' (English: I never abandoned) is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini for her studio album Inedito.	Non ho mai smesso	Laura Pausini
performer	The Globe Sessions is the third studio album by American singer/songwriter Sheryl Crow, released on 21 September 1998 in the United Kingdom and 29 September 1998 in the United States, then re-released in 1999.	The Globe Sessions	Sheryl Crow
performer	Let's Bottle Bohemia is the second album by the Irish indie/rock band, The Thrills.	Let's Bottle Bohemia	The Thrills
performer	When We Are Cats is the first solo EP by John Ralston after his band Legends of Rodeo went on indefinite hiatus.	When We Are Cats	John Ralston
performer	Jack Elliott Sings the Songs of Woody Guthrie is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott, released in 1960.	Jack Elliott Sings the Songs of Woody Guthrie	Ramblin' Jack Elliott
performer	``Drinkin' Man'' is a song co-written and recorded by the American country music singer George Strait.	Drinkin' Man	George Strait
performer	It's Only a Movie is the seventh studio album from the British progressive rock band Family, released in 1973, and their last original studio album before they disbanded that year.	It's Only a Movie	Family
performer	``Courtship Dating'' was the first single on the debut album by Ontario music group Crystal Castles.	Courtship Dating	Crystal Castles
performer	Wages of Sin is the fourth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy.	Wages of Sin	Arch Enemy
performer	``Let the Sun Shine'' is the debut single from English musician, Labrinth.	Let the Sun Shine	Labrinth
performer	``Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?'' is a song written and sung by Robert Lamm while in the rock band The Chicago Transit Authority (later shortened to ``Chicago'') and recorded for their eponymous debut album The Chicago Transit Authority in 1969.	Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?	Chicago
performer	No One Can Do It Better is The D.O.C.'s debut album, released on August 1, 1989.	No One Can Do It Better	The D.O.C.
performer	A Naked Twist in My Story is the acoustic remake of Secondhand Serenade's studio album A Twist in My Story released on February 19, 2008 on Glassnote.	A Naked Twist in My Story	Secondhand Serenade
performer	Frutta e verdura is an album by Italian singer Mina, distributed back to back with the album Amanti di valore.	Frutta e verdura	Mina
performer	Jazz Mood is the debut album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1957 and released on the Savoy label.	Jazz Mood	Yusef Lateef
performer	The Third Cage is the third collaboration between virtuoso guitarist Dario Mollo and former Black Sabbath vocalist Tony Martin.	The Third Cage	Tony Martin
performer	Voicings was the last recording by the Minneapolis jazz vocal group Rio Nido.	Voicings	Rio Nido
performer	Alibis and Ammunition is the name of a punk rock album released on November 14, 2006, by the band Trashlight Vision, through the independent record label Evo Recordings.	Alibis and Ammunition	Trashlight Vision
performer	Stop Killing Time is the second studio album by Greek musical group C: Real.	Stop Killing Time	C: Real
performer	Mince Spies is a 2001 Christmas EP released by British rock band Coldplay.	Mince Spies	Coldplay
performer	Night of the Stormrider is American heavy metal band Iced Earth's second full-length album.	Night of the Stormrider	Iced Earth
performer	``It's Getting Better All the Time'' is a song written by Ronnie Bowman and Don Cook, and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.	It's Getting Better All the Time	Brooks & Dunn
performer	``Love Is Easy'' is a song by English pop rock band McFly which serves as the lead single from their second greatest hits album, Memory Lane:	Love Is Easy	McFly
performer	Cozmic Jam is the only album from Quadrophonia.	Cozmic Jam	Quadrophonia
performer	Dopoguerra (Post-war) is the second full-length album by Italian alternative rock band Klimt 1918.	Dopoguerra	Klimt 1918
performer	Just Another Cowboy Song is the second solo album from long time Buck Owens and the Buckaroos guitarist and vocalist Doyle Holly.	Just Another Cowboy Song	Doyle Holly
performer	``Bajo Otra Luz'' (``Under Another Light'') is the third single released by Nelly Furtado during a special iTunes promotion counting down to the release of her fourth studio album, Mi Plan.	Bajo Otra Luz	Nelly Furtado
performer	Längre inåt landet is the fifth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell and was released on September 12, 1980, through Parlophone.	Längre inåt landet	Ulf Lundell
performer	``We Know Something You Don't Know'' (feat. Chali 2na & Akil) ``Here Comes the Fuzz'' ``As the Drums Pound'' (feat. Abdominal)	We Know Something You Don't Know	Chali 2na	Akil
performer	``Cuts You Up'' is a song by English musician Peter Murphy, from his third solo studio album, Deep (1989).	Cuts You Up	Peter Murphy
performer	Must've Been High is the fourth studio album and the first cowpunk album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers.	Must've Been High	Supersuckers
performer	``Seven Bridges Road'' is a song written by American musician Steve Young, recorded in 1969 for his Rock Salt & Nails album.	Seven Bridges Road	Steve Young
performer	``Step on My Old Size Nines'' is the third single from rock band the Stereophonics taken from the their third album Just Enough Education to Perform.	Step on My Old Size Nines	Stereophonics
performer	Fear of a Unique Identity is the fifth album by the UK band Antimatter.	Fear of a Unique Identity	Antimatter
performer	``Young Grow Old'' is a bonus track from the European edition of American rock band Creed's album Human Clay.	Young Grow Old	Creed
performer	Fried Brains is the tenth studio album by punk rock band The Lurkers.	Fried Brains	The Lurkers
performer	``One Night In Heaven 〜真夜中のエンジェル〜'' (One Night in Heaven (Mayonaka no Angel)) is Wink's sixth single.	One Night in Heaven (Mayonaka no Angel)	Wink
performer	``Kiss or Kiss'' is the fifth single released by Japanese rock singer Nana Kitade.	Kiss or Kiss	Nana Kitade
performer	``Playing in the Band'' is a Grateful Dead song.	Playing in the Band	Grateful Dead
performer	Acts of Love is an album of 50 poems by Penny Rimbaud of the anarchist punk band Crass, set to classical music composed and arranged by Penny Rimbaud and Paul Ellis, and performed by Steve Ignorant and Eve Libertine.	Acts of Love	Penny Rimbaud
performer	Uncover Me is the seventh album from Canadian singer-songwriter Jann Arden, released in 2007.	Uncover Me	Jann Arden
performer	``Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny)'' is a song composed and performed by English musician Elton John, with lyrics by longtime collaborator Bernie Taupin.	Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny)	Elton John
performer	Worship the Glitch is the only album to be released by ``ELpH vs. Coil'', though an EP called Born Again Pagans is credited to ``Coil vs. ELpH''.	Worship the Glitch	Coil
performer	Dirty King is the third album by Canadian rock band The Cliks, to be released June 23, 2009 on Warner Music Canada and Tommy Boy Records.	Dirty King	The Cliks
performer	``Sunday Morning Call'' is a song by the English rock band Oasis, taken from their fourth studio album, Standing on the Shoulder of Giants.	Sunday Morning Call	Oasis
performer	Verbalni delikt is the 2011 album by Croatian rapper General Woo.	Verbalni delikt	General Woo
performer	Remixion (stylized as REMIXion) is a remix extended play by Japanese band Sakanaction.	Remixion	Sakanaction
performer	Larks' Tongues in Aspic is the fifth studio album by the English progressive rock group King Crimson, originally released in 1973.	Larks' Tongues in Aspic	King Crimson
performer	``Out of My Mind / Holy Water'' is a fund-raising two-track CD single from the supergroup WhoCares, a Tony Iommi and Ian Gillan collaboration, a direct continuation of the Rock Aid Armenia project.	Out of My Mind / Holy Water	WhoCares
performer	``Another Sad Love Song'' is the first official single from Toni Braxton's self-titled debut album, Toni Braxton (1993).	Another Sad Love Song	Toni Braxton
performer	``Semi-Mental'' is a song by Biffy Clyro and the first single from their fourth album, Puzzle, and is a download only single.	Semi-Mental	Biffy Clyro
performer	Questamation, released on Mar 9, 2009, is the first full-length semi-programmed album by Canadian band Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker, alias USS, consisting of Ashley Boo-Schultz on guitar and vocals, and Jason Parsons, aka Human Kebab, on turntables and programming.	Questamation	Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker
performer	Slania is the second full-length album by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie.	Slania	Eluveitie
performer	``Hanabi Sky'' (lit. Fireworks Sky) is the fifth major-label physical single by Japanese soul singer Miho Fukuhara, released on June 17, 2009.	Hanabi Sky	Miho Fukuhara
performer	``Make It with You'' is a song written by David Gates and originally recorded by the pop-rock group Bread, of which Gates was a member.	Make It with You	Bread
performer	``Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)'' is a song written and originally recorded by Billy Joel which appeared as the final song on his album Turnstiles in 1976.	Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)	Billy Joel
performer	``Try Honesty'' is a song by Canadian group Billy Talent.	Try Honesty	Billy Talent
performer	``Come a Little Bit Closer'' is a song by the 1960s rock and roll band Jay and the Americans that reached number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1964, making it the band's highest ranking single ever (it remains their most popular song, according to the Last.fm song rankings).	Come a Little Bit Closer	Jay and the Americans
performer	There's Beauty in the Purity of Sadness is the second album by industrial metal band Red Harvest.	There's Beauty in the Purity of Sadness	Red Harvest
performer	Mo' Greens Please is the second album by American organist Freddie Roach recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.	Mo' Greens Please	Freddie Roach
performer	``I Don't Wanna Live Without Your Love'' is a Billboard Hot 100 #3 hit song which was written by Diane Warren and Albert Hammond for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago 19 (1988), with Bill Champlin singing lead vocals.	I Don't Wanna Live Without Your Love	Chicago
performer	``The Crow, the Owl and the Dove'' is the second single from the Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish's seventh studio album Imaginaerum and was released on March 2, 2012.	The Crow, the Owl and the Dove	Nightwish
performer	Become You is the eighth studio album by the Indigo Girls, released in 2002.	Become You	Indigo Girls
performer	``Certain People I Know'' was a single by Morrissey released in December 1992.	Certain People I Know	Morrissey
performer	Baby Beluga is a children's music album by children's entertainer Raffi, released in 1980.	Baby Beluga	Raffi
performer	``I'll Take the Rain'' is the third and final single released by R.E.M. from their twelfth studio album Reveal in 2001.	I'll Take the Rain	R.E.M.
performer	The Incredible Urban Myth of the Invincible Criminal is a 2009 audiobook reading by Mark Mallman of his graphic novel of the same name due out in 2010.	The Incredible Urban Myth of the Invincible Criminal	Mark Mallman
performer	Solid Brass is a compact disk of rock music released by the band Circus Lupus in 1993.	Solid Brass	Circus Lupus
performer	Where Greater Men Have Fallen is the eighth full-length album by Irish metal band Primordial.	Where Greater Men Have Fallen	Primordial
performer	``Wild Tiger Woman'' is a song recorded by The Move, and as with all the other A-sides of their singles, written by Roy Wood.	Wild Tiger Woman	The Move
performer	Alex Taylor With Friends and Neighbors is the debut album by Alex Taylor, brother of James, Livingston and Kate Taylor.	With Friends and Neighbors	Alex Taylor
performer	Concerto delle menti (``Concerto of minds'') is a progressive rock album released in 1973 by Italian band Pholas Dactylus.	Concerto delle menti	Pholas Dactylus
performer	Johnny the Fox is the seventh studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy, released in 1976 (see 1976 in music).	Johnny the Fox	Thin Lizzy
performer	Drunk on the Moon is the first full-length album by No Knife, released in April 1996 on Goldenrod Records.	Drunk on the Moon	No Knife
performer	Professional Dreamers is the fifth album by the Swedish hip hop group Looptroop Rockers.	Professional Dreamers	Looptroop Rockers
performer	View from the Vault, Volume Four (or View from the Vault IV) is the fourth release in the ``View from the Vault'' series of rock concert recordings by the Grateful Dead.	View from the Vault, Volume Four	Grateful Dead
performer	``Edwould'' was the third single from Larrikin Love, and the first to be taken from their debut album The Freedom Spark.	Edwould	Larrikin Love
performer	Victims of this Fallen World is the third album by the Canadian death metal band Kataklysm.	Victims of this Fallen World	Kataklysm
performer	``Break Up to Make Up'' was a 1973 hit by the Philadelphia soul group The Stylistics.	Break Up to Make Up	The Stylistics
performer	``The Living Proof'' is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige for the soundtrack of the 2011 film The Help.	The Living Proof	Mary J. Blige
performer	¿Spicchiology? is the second album from Xiu Xiu Larsen, the collaborative effort of experimental rock bands Larsen and Xiu Xiu.	¿Spicchiology?	Xiu Xiu
position held	Anthony Francis Sharma S.J. (December 12, 1937 -- December 8, 2015) was a Nepalese Jesuit prelate and educator who became the first Roman Catholic bishop of Nepal.	Anthony Francis Sharma	bishop
position held	Nick Barborak is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives for the 5th district.	Nick Barborak	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Saint Louis of Toulouse (9 February 1274 -- 19 August 1297) was a cadet of the royal French house of Anjou who was made a Catholic bishop.	Louis of Toulouse	bishop
position held	Edgar Moreira da Cunha, (August 21, 1953) is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church serving as bishop of the Diocese of Fall River, Massachusetts.	Edgar Moreira da Cunha	bishop
position held	Henri Swinkels (born 25 October 1963) is a Dutch politician, he was a temporary member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the Socialist Party from 14 May 2014 until 29 May 2014 when he replaced Renske Leijten who was on pregnancy and maternity leave.	Henri Swinkels	member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands
position held	Annette Polly Williams (January 10, 1937 -- November 9, 2014) was an American counselor, clerical worker and politician from Milwaukee who served 10 terms as a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing her assembly district from her election in 1980 until January 3, 2011.	Annette Polly Williams	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Giovanni Salviati (March 24, 1490 -- October 28, 1553) was a Florentine diplomat and cardinal.	Giovanni Salviati	cardinal
position held	Chibly Langlois (La Vallée, 29 November 1958) is a Haitian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Chibly Langlois	cardinal
position held	Flaithbertach mac Inmainén (died 944) was abbot of Inis Cathaig (Scattery Island) and sometime King of Munster in the south of Ireland.	Flaithbertach mac Inmainén	abbot
position held	Darius Mead (July 9, 1787-- January 28, 1864) was a member of the Connecticut Senate representing the 12th District from 1844 to 1846.	Darius Mead	member of the Connecticut Senate
position held	Frank A. Howard, also known as Frankie Howard (born December 1, 1938), is a former sheriff of Vernon Parish in western Louisiana, who has been since 2008 a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 24, which includes De Soto, Red River, Sabine, and Vernon parishes.	Frank A. Howard	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Cao Jianming (Chinese: 曹建明; pinyin: Cáo Jiànmíng; born September 24, 1955 in Nantong, Jiangsu) is the Procurator-General of the Supreme People's Procuratorate of the People's Republic of China.	Cao Jianming	Procurator-General of the Supreme People's Procuratorate
position held	Richard W. DeKorte (1936 -- March 16, 1975) was a New Jersey Republican member of the New Jersey General Assembly.	Richard W. DeKorte	member of the New Jersey General Assembly
position held	Mandubracius or Mandubratius was a king of the Trinovantes of south-eastern Britain in the 1st century BC.	Mandubracius	king
position held	Alexander Mair (25 August 1889 -- 3 August 1969) was an Australian politician and served as the Premier of New South Wales from 5 August 1939 to 16 May 1941.	Alexander Mair	Premier of New South Wales
position held	Savita Behen was an Indian politician, social worker, educationist and a former member of Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the bicameral Indian Parliament.	Savita Behen	Rajya Sabha
position held	André-Hercule de Fleury, Bishop of Fréjus (22 June or 26 June 1653 -- 29 January 1743) was a French cardinal who served as the chief minister of Louis XV.	André-Hercule de Fleury	cardinal
position held	Brian Monteith (born 8 January 1958) is a Scottish public relations consultant, politician and commentator, who was a Conservative Member of the Scottish Parliament between 1999 and 2007.	Brian Monteith	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Manuel Isidro Orozco Manrique de Lara (1681--1745) was a Spanish bishop who served as Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1742 to 1745.	Manuel Isidro Orozco Manrique de Lara	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Halinard was Archbishop of Lyon from 1046 to 1052 and served as abbot from 1031 to 1052.He was once a candidate for the papacy, but turned it down.	Halinard	abbot
position held	Dean DePiero was the mayor of Parma, Ohio, and a former Cleveland-area member of the Ohio House of Representatives.	Dean DePiero	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Charles-François Baillargeon (April 26, 1798 -- October 13, 1870) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and archbishop.	Charles-François Baillargeon	archbishop
position held	Rubin Phillip (b. circa 1948) is bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Natal.	Rubin Phillip	bishop
position held	Juan Natalicio González Paredes (8 September 1897 -- 6 December 1966) was a Paraguayan poet who served as President of Paraguay from 15 August 1948 to 30 January 1949.	Juan Natalicio González	President of Paraguay
position held	Kenneth Edward Untener (August 3, 1937 -- March 27, 2004) was a Roman Catholic bishop, serving the Diocese of Saginaw from 1980 until his death.	Kenneth Edward Untener	bishop
position held	Francesco Contarini (Venice, 28 November 1556 -- Venice, 6 December 1624) was the 95th Doge of Venice, reigning from 8 September 1623 until his death fourteen months later.	Francesco Contarini	Doge of Venice
position held	Carl J. Strikwerda (born 1952) is an American historian, and president of Elizabethtown College.	Carl J. Strikwerda	president
position held	Joseph Kabila Kabange (known commonly as Joseph Kabila, born 4 June 1971) is a Congolese politician who has been President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo since January 2001.	Joseph Kabila	President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
position held	Levi Ankeny (August 1, 1844 -- March 29, 1921) was a Republican United States Senator from the state of Washington.	Levi Ankeny	United States Senator
position held	John of Thoresby (died 6 November 1373) was an English clergyman and politician, who was Bishop of St Davids, then Bishop of Worcester and finally Archbishop of York.	John of Thoresby	Archbishop of York
position held	Mehibtawy Sekhemkare Amenemhat Sonbef (also Amenemhat Senbef) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 13th Dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period.	Sonbef	pharaoh
position held	James Hamilton Peabody (August 21, 1852 -- November 23, 1917) was the 13th and 15th Governor of Colorado, and is noted for his public service in Cañon City.	James Hamilton Peabody	Governor of Colorado
position held	Achille Locatelli (born 15 March 1856 in Seregno, Milan, Italy, died 5 April 1935 in Rome) was a Roman Catholic cardinal.	Achille Locatelli	cardinal
position held	Rajeev Chandrasekhar (Kannada: ರಾಜೀವ್ ಚಂದ್ರಶೇಕರ್; born 31 May 1964) is an Indian politician currently serving a second term as an independent member of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India.	Rajeev Chandrasekhar	member of the Rajya Sabha
position held	Moshe Nissim (Hebrew: משה נסים‎, born 10 April 1935) is a former Israeli politician, minister and Deputy Prime Minister.	Moshe Nissim	minister
position held	James Arthur Ewing (born c. 1916) was the 40th Governor of American Samoa.	James Arthur Ewing	Governor of American Samoa
position held	Igor Lukšić (Montenegrin: Igor Lukšić, Игор Лукшић, pronounced (îɡor lûkʃit͡ɕ), born 14 June 1976) is a Montenegrin politician, who became acting Prime Minister of Montenegro upon the resignation of Milo Đukanović, and was elected as Đukanović's permanent replacement on 29 December 2010.	Igor Lukšić	Prime Minister of Montenegro
position held	William Poynter (born 20 May 1762, at Petersfield, Hampshire; died 26 November 1827, in London) was an English Catholic priest, bishop as vicar apostolic in London.	William Poynter	bishop
position held	Montserrat Gibert i Llopart (born 1948, Barcelona) was the mayor of Sant Boi de Llobregat (a Catalan town near Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) until 2007.	Montserrat Gibert	mayor
position held	John Dubois, S.S. (French: Jean Dubois), served as the third bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of New York.	John Dubois	bishop
position held	The Servant of God Pietro La Fontaine (29 November 1860 -- 9 July 1935) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Patriarch of Venice.	Pietro La Fontaine	cardinal
position held	Marlene Anielski (born November 25, 1961) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives who represents the Sixth District.	Marlene Anielski	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Aurel Percă (born August 15, 1951) is a Romanian cleric, auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Iaşi.	Aurel Percă	bishop
position held	Juan Bernardino Caballero de Añasco y Melgarejo (20 May 1839, Ybycuí, Paraguay -- 26 February 1912, Asunción) was the President of Paraguay from 1881 until 1886 and founder of the Colorado Party.	Bernardino Caballero	President of Paraguay
position held	Norman Knudson was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate from the 15th district from 1899 to 1902.	Norman Knudson	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Pericle Felici (1 August 1911, Segni, Rome -- 22 March 1982, Foggia) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Pericle Felici	cardinal
position held	César-Constantin-François de Hoensbroeck or Hoensbroech (28 August 1724 - 3 June 1792) was a German ecclesiastic of the Van Hoensbroeck family, most notable as prince bishop of Liege from 1784 to 1792, in which post he was nicknamed the ``bourreau roux'' or ``red executioner''.	César-Constantin-François de Hoensbroeck	bishop
position held	Václav Klaus (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvaːtslaf ˈklaus); born 19 June 1941) is a Czech economist and politician who served as the second President of the Czech Republic from 2003 to 2013.	Václav Klaus	President of the Czech Republic
position held	Walter Skirlaw (also Walter de Skirlaw, Walter Skirclaw, Walter Skirlaugh, Walter Shirlagh, or Walter Skarlawe) (born Swine parish, Holderness, brought up at Skirlaugh; died 1406) was an English bishop and diplomat.	Walter Skirlaw	bishop
position held	Lodovico Altieri (17 July 1805 - 11 August 1867) was an Italian cardinal and he served as the Camerlengo of the Roman Catholic Church.	Lodovico Altieri	cardinal
position held	Sir John See, KCMG (14 October 1844 -- 31 January 1907) was a member of the New South Wales Legislature from 26 November 1880 to 15 June 1901, and was then Premier of New South Wales from 1901 to 1904.	John See	Premier of New South Wales
position held	Jeremy John Durham Ashdown, Baron Ashdown of Norton-sub-Hamdon, GCMG CH KBE PC (born 27 February 1941), usually known as Paddy Ashdown, is a British politician and former diplomat who served as Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 1988 until August 1999.	Paddy Ashdown	Leader of the Liberal Democrats
position held	Sir John James Cowperthwaite, KBE, CMG (; 25 April 1915 -- 21 January 2006), was a British civil servant and the Financial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1961 to 1971.	John James Cowperthwaite	Financial Secretary
position held	Michele Pellegrino (25 April 1903 -- 10 October 1986) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Turin from 1965 until 1977.	Michele Pellegrino	cardinal
position held	Constantin Bosianu (10 February 1815, Bucharest -- 21 March 1882, Bucharest) was a Romanian jurist and politician, honorary member of the Romanian Academy, Prime Minister of Romania from 26 January to 14 June 1865.	Constantin Bosianu	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Osvaldo Cacciatore (1924--2007) was an Argentine Air Force brigadier and former de facto Mayor of Buenos Aires during the National Reorganization Process military dictatorship.	Osvaldo Cacciatore	Mayor of Buenos Aires
position held	Roger B. Wilson (born October 10, 1948) is an American politician who served as the 52nd Governor of Missouri from October 16, 2000 to January 8, 2001.	Roger B. Wilson	Governor of Missouri
position held	Hadrian (; ; 24 January, 76 AD -- 10 July, 138 AD) was Roman emperor from 117 to 138.	Hadrian	Roman emperor
position held	Len Fasano is a Republican member of the Connecticut Senate, representing the 34th District since 2003, and has served as the Senate Minority Leader since 2015.	Len Fasano	member of the Connecticut Senate
position held	Intef III was the third pharaoh of the Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt during the late First Intermediate Period in the 21st century BC, at a time when Egypt was divided in two kingdoms.	Intef III	pharaoh
position held	William W. Reed (February 8, 1825 - 1916) was an American physician and politician from Jefferson, Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	William W. Reed	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Aloysius Balina (January 21, 1945 -- November 6, 2012) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shinyanga, Tanzania.	Aloysius Balina	bishop
position held	Anastasios Charalambis (Greek: Αναστάσιος Χαραλάμπης, 22 September 1862 -- 11 March 1949) was a Greek Lieutenant General and interim Prime Minister of Greece for one day in 1922.	Anastasios Charalambis	Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Christine May (born 23 March 1948, Dublin) is a Labour Co-operative politician, and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Fife Central constituency from 2003 to 2007.	Christine May	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Lisa Scaffidi (née Sanders) (born 12 February 1960) is the first female lord mayor of Perth, Western Australia.	Lisa Scaffidi	mayor
position held	Evangelos Venizelos (Greek: Ευάγγελος Βενιζέλος, pronounced (eˈvaɲɟelos veniˈzelos); born 1 January 1957) is a Greek politician who was Deputy Prime Minister of Greece and Minister for Foreign Affairs from 25 June 2013 to 27 January 2015.	Evangelos Venizelos	Deputy Prime Minister of Greece
position held	Federico di Sanseverino (died 1516) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal of the 16th century.	Federico di Sanseverino	cardinal
position held	Steve Dyer is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, who represented the 43rd District from 2007 to 2010.	Steve Dyer	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Fernando Belaúnde Terry (October 7, 1912 -- June 4, 2002) was President of Peru for two non-consecutive terms (1963--1968 and 1980--1985).	Fernando Belaúnde Terry	President of Peru
position held	Ram Baran Yadav (Nepali: रामवरण यादव; born 4 February 1948) is a Nepali politician and physician who was the President of Nepal from 23 July, 2008 to 29 October 2015.	Ram Baran Yadav	President of Nepal
position held	John J. Ely, Esq. (April 7, 1778 - January 11, 1852) was an American politician who served as a freeholder, as sheriff of Monmouth County, New Jersey, and as a member of the New Jersey General Assembly.	John J. Ely	member of the New Jersey General Assembly
position held	Noreen Evans (born April 22, 1955) is an American lawyer and politician who was a member of the California State Senate.	Noreen Evans	member of the California State Senate
position held	Russell McWhortor Cunningham (August 25, 1855 -- June 6, 1921) was an American Democratic politician who was the acting Governor of Alabama from April 25, 1904 to March 5, 1905.	Russell McWhortor Cunningham	Governor of Alabama
position held	Pope Clement XI (Latin: Clemens XI; 23 July 1649 -- 19 March 1721), born Giovanni Francesco Albani, was pope from 23 November 1700 to his death in 1721.	Pope Clement XI	pope
position held	George Reinhardt was an American politician from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who spent one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	George Reinhardt	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Edward Shippen (1639, Hillham, Cheshire, England -- October 2, 1712, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was the second mayor of Philadelphia, although under William Penn's charter of 1701, he was considered the first.	Edward Shippen	mayor
position held	Ann K. Covington is a former chief justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri.	Ann K. Covington	Supreme Court of Missouri
position held	Johann Adam Rieger (16 July 1753, Orb -- 30 July 1831, Fulda) was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fulda from 1812 to 1831.	Johann Adam Rieger	bishop
position held	Hans Urs von Balthasar (12 August 1905 -- 26 June 1988) was a Swiss theologian and Catholic priest who was to be created a cardinal of the Catholic Church but died before the ceremony.	Hans Urs von Balthasar	cardinal
position held	Tiberius Coruncanius (died 241 BC) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 280 BC. As a military commander in that year and the following, he was known for the battles against Pyrrhus of Epirus that led to the expression ``Pyrrhic victory''.	Tiberius Coruncanius	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Michel Suleiman or Sleiman (Arabic: ميشال سليمان‎ Arabic pronunciation: (miːʃaːl sulajmaːn), born 21 November 1948) was the President of Lebanon from 2008 to 2014.	Michel Suleiman	President of Lebanon
position held	Eliezer Mizrahi (Hebrew: אליעזר מזרחי‎, born 19 April 1945) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1988 and 1992, and as Deputy Minister of Health from 1990 until 1992.	Eliezer Mizrahi	Deputy Minister of Health
position held	Xu Kuangdi KmstkNO FREng (Chinese: 徐匡迪; pinyin: Xú Kuāngdí; born December 1937) is a Chinese politician and scientist, best known for his term as Mayor of Shanghai from 1995 to 2001.	Xu Kuangdi	Mayor of Shanghai
position held	Eddie Lee Jackson is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 114th District since his appointment on January 9, 2009 to replace Wyvetter H. Younge.	Eddie Lee Jackson	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Giovanni Battista Mellini (1405--1478) (called the Cardinal of Urbino) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	Giovanni Battista Mellini	cardinal
position held	Saint Leobinus (French: Lubin) (died 14 March 557) was a hermit, abbot, and bishop.	Leobinus	abbot	bishop
position held	John Denis Wakeling (12 December 1918 -- 10 October 2004) was an Anglican bishop in the Church of England.	Denis Wakeling	bishop
position held	Eusebius, a layman who later became the bishop of the neighbouring Dorylaeum, was the first to accuse Nestorius of heresy but his most forceful opponent was Patriarch Cyril of Alexandria.	Nestorius	bishop
position held	Giovanni Battista Rinuccini (15 September 1592 -- 28 December 1653) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop in the mid-seventeenth century.	Giovanni Battista Rinuccini	archbishop
position held	Joe Stegner (born December 17, 1949 in Clarkston, Washington) moved to Lewiston, Idaho and is a Republican member of the Idaho Senate since 1998 and represents the 7th District.	Joe Stegner	member of the Idaho Senate
position held	Trương Tấn Sang (born 21 January 1949) is a Vietnamese politician, currently serving as the President of Vietnam and one of the country's top leaders, alongside prime minister Nguyễn Tấn Dũng and Party general secretary Nguyễn Phú Trọng.	Trương Tấn Sang	President of Vietnam
position held	Ronald Gerard Connors (November 1, 1915 -- November 27, 2002) was an American-born bishop in the Catholic Church.	Ronald Gerard Connors	bishop
position held	Richard Grisé (born 15 January 1944 in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Quebec) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada.	Richard Grisé	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Yisrael Kessar (Hebrew: ישראל קיסר‎, born 20 May 1931) is a former Israeli politician who served as a Knesset member for the Alignment and Labor Party between 1984 and 1996.	Yisrael Kessar	Knesset member
position held	Curt Cobb (born December 28, 1971) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 62nd district, which encompasses Bedford County and parts of Lincoln County and Rutherford County.	Curt Cobb	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	John of Montecorvino or Giovanni da Montecorvino in Italian (1247--1328) was an Italian Franciscan missionary, traveller and statesman, founder of the earliest Roman Catholic missions in India and China, and archbishop of Peking, and Latin Patriarch of the Orient.	John of Montecorvino	archbishop
position held	Norodom Monineath Sihanouk (Khmer: នរោត្ដម មុនីនាថ; born Paule Monique Izzi, 18 June 1936) is the queen mother of Cambodia.	Norodom Monineath	queen mother
position held	Wilbur Lucius Cross (April 10, 1862 -- October 5, 1948) was an American literary critic who served as the 71st Governor of Connecticut from 1931 to 1939.	Wilbur Lucius Cross	Governor of Connecticut
position held	An enraged Morgoth sought to desecrate the body of the valiant king but Thorondor, Lord of Eagles flew down and raked Morgoth's eyes, and carried Fingolfin's body away to be placed on a cliff overlooking Gondolin.	Fingolfin	king
position held	José María Martín de Herrera y de la Iglesia (August 26, 1835 in Aldeadávila de la Ribera, Spain -- December 8, 1922 in Santiago de Compostela, Spain) was a long-serving cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church in the early years of the twentieth century.	José María Martín de Herrera y de la Iglesia	cardinal
position held	Abba Hushi was the father-in-law of Knesset member Amnon Linn.	Abba Hushi	Knesset member
position held	Hugh Campbell Wallace (February 10, 1864 -- January 1, 1931) was an American businessman, political activist, and diplomat who is best known for his service as the United States Ambassador to France from 1919 to 1921.	Hugh Campbell Wallace	United States Ambassador to France
position held	Babette Josephs (born August 4, 1940) is a Democratic politician and attorney, and a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Babette Josephs	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	François Bonnardel (born November 8, 1967, in Verdun, Quebec) is the Member of the National Assembly of Quebec, Canada, for the riding of Granby.	François Bonnardel	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Hugh Henry (born 12 February 1952 in Glasgow) is a Scottish Labour politician and Member of the Scottish Parliament for Renfrewshire South since 2011 (having represented Paisley South from 1999 to 2011).	Hugh Henry	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Sidney Mathias is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, who represented the 53rd district from 1999 to 2013.	Sidney Mathias	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Martin Ziguélé (born 12 February 1957) is a Central African politician who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 2001 to 2003.	Martin Ziguélé	Prime Minister of the Central African Republic
position held	Adam de Senlis (died 1191), also called Adam of Evesham, was a Benedictine monk who became abbot of Evesham Abbey.	Adam de Senlis	abbot
position held	Samuel Prentiss (March 31, 1782 -- January 15, 1857) was a United States Senator from Vermont and later a United States federal judge.	Samuel Prentiss	United States Senator
position held	Maurizio Galbaio (Latin: Mauricius Galba) (died 797) was the seventh traditional, but fifth historical, Doge of Venice from 764 to his death.	Maurizio Galbaio	Doge of Venice
position held	John Gavin Nolan (March 15, 1924 -- November 17, 1997) was a Roman Catholic bishop who served the Archdiocese for the Military Services.	John Gavin Nolan	bishop
position held	Victor Hermann Balke (September 29, 1931) is the former Roman Catholic bishop of Crookston from 1976--2007.	Victor Hermann Balke	bishop
position held	Frederick Joseph Agnich, known as Fred Agnich (July 19, 1913 - October 28, 2004), was a Minnesota-born geophysicist who served from 1971 to 1987 as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives.	Fred Agnich	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Khaled Chehab (1886--1978) (in Arabic خالد شهاب) was a Lebanese politician and Prime Minister of Lebanon for two terms.	Khaled Chehab	Prime Minister of Lebanon
position held	Hekimoğlu Ali Pasha (1689 -- 13 August 1758) was an Ottoman statesman and military leader who served as Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire three times.	Hekimoğlu Ali Pasha	Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire
position held	Lise-Lotte Rebel (born 23. January 1951) is bishop of the Church of Denmark who since April 2, 1995 she has served as the bishop of the Diocese of Helsingør in the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark.	Lise-Lotte Rebel	bishop
position held	He was a member of the Liberal Party and served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1973 to 1975 in the Cabinet of Poul Hartling.	Poul Hartling	Prime Minister of Denmark
position held	William Richardson Davie (June 20, 1756 -- November 29, 1820) was a military officer and the tenth Governor of North Carolina from 1798 to 1799, as well as one of the most important men involved in the founding of the University of North Carolina.	William Richardson Davie	Governor of North Carolina
position held	Pierre Jaquet-Droz (French: (ʒakɛ dʁo); 1721--1790) was a Swiss-born watchmaker of the late eighteenth century.	Pierre Jaquet-Droz	watchmaker
position held	Howard W. Davis (1885--1959) was a member of the California State Assembly for two years and of the Los Angeles City Council for 16 years.	Howard W. Davis	member of the California State Assembly
position held	Gad Yaacobi (Hebrew: גד יעקבי‎, 18 January 1935 -- 27 August 2007) was an Israeli Minister, Alignment Knesset member, and Israel Ambassador to the United Nations.	Gad Yaacobi	Knesset member
position held	Saint Acarius (died 27 November 639) was bishop of Doornik and Noyon, which today are located on either side of the Franco-Belgian border.	Acarius	bishop
position held	Bernard d'Anduze was a bishop of Nîmes, France from 949 to 986.	Bernard d'Anduze	bishop
position held	John Patrick Connick, known as Patrick Connick (born March 1961), is an attorney in Marrero, Louisiana, who has been since 2008 a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 84 in suburban Jefferson Parish.	Patrick Connick	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Samuel Marvin (1664--1754) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk, Connecticut Colony in the May 1718 session.	Samuel Marvin	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Agnello Participazio (Angelo Particiaco, Latin: Agnellus Particiacus) was the tenth (traditional) or eighth (historical) Doge of Venice from 811 to 827.	Agnello Participazio	Doge of Venice
position held	Canım Hoca Mehmed Pasha (also known as Canum Hoca in European sources) was an 18th-century Ottoman admiral who served three times as Kapudan Pasha (grand admiral of the Ottoman Navy).	Canım Hoca Mehmed Pasha	Kapudan Pasha
position held	Rawghlie Clement Stanford (August 2, 1879 -- December 15, 1963) was the fifth Governor of Arizona and served from 1937 to 1939.	Rawghlie Clement Stanford	Governor of Arizona
position held	Todd Ames Hunter (born August 26, 1953) is a lawyer from Corpus Christi, Texas, who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 32 in Nueces County.	Todd Ames Hunter	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Ludwig von Erlichshausen (1410--1467) was the 31st Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights, serving from 1449/1450 to 1467.	Ludwig von Erlichshausen	Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights
position held	Rogelio Cabrera López (born 24 January 1951) is the current archbishop of Monterrey since his appointment was announced on 3 October 2012.	Rogelio Cabrera López	archbishop
position held	Carl Julius Otto Liebe (24 May 1860 -- 21 March 1929) was Prime Minister of Denmark 30 March 1920 to 5 April 1920.	Otto Liebe	Prime Minister of Denmark
position held	Otreius of Melitene (fl. late 4th century) was a Roman Catholic bishop of Melitene.	Otreius of Melitene	bishop
position held	Emanuel Willis Wilson (August 11, 1844 -- May 28, 1905) was the seventh Governor of West Virginia in 1884.	Emanuel Willis Wilson	Governor of West Virginia
position held	Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke PC (1 December 1690 -- 6 March 1764) was an English lawyer and politician who served as Lord Chancellor.	Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke	Lord Chancellor
position held	Cayetano Arellano y Lonzón (March 2, 1847 -- December 23, 1920) was the first Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines under the American Civil Government.	Cayetano Arellano	Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines
position held	Richard B. Teitelman is a judge of the Supreme Court of Missouri He was born in Philadelphia, and is the youngest of three children.	Richard B. Teitelman	Supreme Court of Missouri
position held	Eruera Hamiora Tumutara (1859--1930) was a notable New Zealand ringatu bishop.	Eruera Hamiora Tumutara	bishop
position held	Domingos Gabriel Wisniewski CM (March 2, 1928 -- July 21, 2010) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate and bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Apucarana, Brazil.	Domingos Gabriel Wisniewski	bishop
position held	Jim Yong Kim MD, PhD, also known as Kim Yong (Hangul: 김용; born December 8, 1959), is a South Korean and American physician and anthropologist who has served as the 12th President of the World Bank since July 1, 2012.	Jim Yong Kim	President of the World Bank
position held	Saint Emygdius (Latin: Emidius, Æmedius, Emigdius, Hemigidius; Italian: Sant'Emidio; c. 279 -- c. 309 AD) was a Christian bishop who is venerated as a martyr.	Emygdius	bishop
position held	James, son of Zebedee (Hebrew: יַעֲקֹב Yaʿqob, Greek: Ἰάκωβος; died 44 AD) was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus, and traditionally considered the first apostle to be martyred.	James, son of Zebedee	apostle
position held	Daniel Marsin (born November 13, 1951 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Guadeloupe.	Daniel Marsin	member of the Senate of France
position held	Sir Thomas Kerry Burke (born 24 March 1942) served as Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1987 to 1990.	Kerry Burke	Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives
position held	Elizabeth Brater (born April 12, 1951) is a Democratic former member of the Michigan Senate, who represented the 18th District from 2003 to 2010, and served as the Assistant Minority Leader.	Elizabeth Brater	member of the Michigan Senate
position held	Kurt Frank was a Wisconsin lawyer who served three terms as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate.	Kurt Frank	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Sardar Mohammed Daoud Khan or Daud Khan (July 18, 1909 -- April 28, 1978) was the Prime Minister of Afghanistan from 1953 to 1963, and later became the first President of Afghanistan.	Mohammed Daoud Khan	Prime Minister of Afghanistan	President of Afghanistan
position held	Joseph Hugh Allen (January 27, 1940 -- May 24, 2008) was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from the industrial city of Baytown, who fought for ethics reform.	Joseph Hugh Allen	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Jürgen Linden (born January 13, 1947) is a German politician (Social Democratic Party of Germany) and was Lord Mayor of Aachen from 1989 to 2009.	Jürgen Linden	Lord Mayor
position held	Parkash Singh Badal (born 8 December 1927) is an Indian politician who has been the Chief Minister of Punjab since 2007.	Parkash Singh Badal	Chief Minister of Punjab
position held	Gregorio Pacheco Leyes (4 July 1823 -- 20 August 1899) was the constitutional President of Bolivia from 1884 to 1888.	Gregorio Pacheco	President of Bolivia
position held	After a few years, Sahle Selassie felt his position secure enough that he proclaimed himself Negus, or king, of Shewa, Yifat, the Oromo and the Gurage peoples, without the authority of the Emperor of Ethiopia in Gondar, but with his apparent acquiescence.	Sahle Selassie	king
position held	William F. O'Hare, S.J. (January 23, 1870 -- October 11, 1926) was an American-born bishop of the Catholic Church.	William F. O'Hare	bishop
position held	Platt Whitman (February 5, 1871 -- 1935) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Platt Whitman	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Almond Gaston Crowe, Jr., known as A. G. Crowe (born May 8, 1948), is a Republican departing member of the Louisiana State Senate from District 1 in St. Tammany Parish.	A. G. Crowe	member of the Louisiana State Senate
position held	Simon Bamberger (February 27, 1846 -- October 6, 1926) was the fourth Governor of Utah (1917--1921) after it achieved statehood from territorial status in 1896.	Simon Bamberger	Governor of Utah
position held	Pope Urban I (Latin: Urbanus I) was Bishop of Rome or pope from 222 to 23 May 230.	Pope Urban I	pope
position held	Heikki Ritavuori (23 March 1880, Turku -- 14 February 1922, Helsinki; surname until 1906 Rydman), was a Finnish lawyer, a politician from the National Progressive Party, a member of the Parliament of Finland and Minister of the Interior.	Heikki Ritavuori	Minister of the Interior
position held	François Paul de Neufville de Villeroy (1677--1731) was archbishop of Lyon from 15 August 1714 to 6 February 1731.	François Paul de Neufville de Villeroy	archbishop
position held	James Fairman Fielder (February 26, 1867 -- December 2, 1954) was an American politician of the Democratic party, who served as the 35th Governor of New Jersey, from 1913 to 1917, with a break of several months when he stepped down from office to avoid constitutional limits on serving successive terms.	James Fairman Fielder	Governor of New Jersey
present in work	Josie McFarlane is a fictional character that appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.	Josie McFarlane	EastEnders
present in work	Lu Zhishen, nicknamed ``Flowery Monk'', is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.	Lu Zhishen	Water Margin
present in work	In all of the accounts in the Hebrew Bible that mention Zerubbabel, he is always associated with the high priest who returned with him, Joshua (Jeshua) son of Jozadak (Jehozadak).	Zerubbabel	Bible
present in work	Lyta Alexander is a character from the fictional universe of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Patricia Tallman.	Lyta Alexander	Babylon 5
present in work	In the Bible, Meshech or Mosoch (Hebrew: משך‎ (meˈʃex) ``price'' or ``precious'') is named as a son of Japheth in Genesis 10:2 and 1 Chronicles 1:5.	Meshech	Bible
present in work	Allison Taylor is a fictional character portrayed by Cherry Jones on the TV series 24.	Allison Taylor	24
present in work	The Dread Pirate Roberts is a fictional character in the novel The Princess Bride (1973) and its 1987 film adaptation.	Dread Pirate Roberts	The Princess Bride
present in work	Tracey Kibre is a fictional Homicide Bureau Chief ADA on Law & Order: Trial by Jury, portrayed by Bebe Neuwirth.	Tracey Kibre	Law & Order: Trial by Jury
present in work	Uncle Petrie or, Petrie J. Martin is a fictional character in the long-running American television series Lassie.	Uncle Petrie	Lassie
present in work	Sun Erniang (lit. ``Second Sister Sun'') is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.	Sun Erniang	Water Margin
present in work	Sokka is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series Avatar: The Last Airbender.	Sokka	Avatar: The Last Airbender
present in work	Martin Riggs is a fictional character from the Lethal Weapon franchise.	Martin Riggs	Lethal Weapon
present in work	Peredurus (Welsh: Peredur) is a legendary king of the Britons in Geoffrey of Monmouth's pseudohistorical chronicle Historia Regum Britanniae.	Peredurus	Historia Regum Britanniae
present in work	Declan Macey is a fictional character in the British soap opera Emmerdale, introduced on 15 April 2010.	Declan Macey	Emmerdale
present in work	Nisha Batra is a fictional character in the British soap opera Brookside.	Nisha Batra	Brookside
present in work	Oddjob (often written as ``Odd Job'') is a henchman to the villain Auric Goldfinger in the 1959 James Bond novel Goldfinger and its 1964 film adaptation.	Oddjob	Goldfinger
present in work	Sammy Jo Carrington (born Samantha Josephine Dean; formerly Fallmont) is a fictional character on the American TV series Dynasty.	Sammy Jo Carrington	Dynasty
present in work	Talia Winters is a fictional character appearing on the science fiction television show Babylon 5 during its first and second seasons.	Talia Winters	Babylon 5
present in work	The Purple Dragons are the name of a street gang in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise.	Purple Dragons	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
present in work	Arthur Branch is a fictional character on the TV crime drama Law & Order and one of its spinoffs, Law & Order: Trial by Jury.	Arthur Branch	Law & Order: Trial by Jury
present in work	Professor John Nerdelbaum Frink, Jr., or simply Professor Frink, is a recurring character in the animated television series The Simpsons.	Professor Frink	The Simpsons
present in work	Natalie Snyder is a fictional character on the soap opera As the World Turns.	Natalie Snyder	As the World Turns
present in work	Nathan Petrelli, portrayed by Adrian Pasdar, is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.	Nathan Petrelli	Heroes
present in work	Olivia Spencer (previously Lewis, O'Neill, and Spaulding) (born February 28) is a fictional character on the popular CBS daytime soap opera, Guiding Light.	Olivia Spencer	Guiding Light
present in work	Doctor John A. Zoidberg (often shortened to Zoidberg) is a fictional character in the television series Futurama.	Zoidberg	Futurama
present in work	Jael or Yael (Hebrew Ya'el, יָעֵל, meaning Ibex) is a woman mentioned in the Book of Judges in the Bible, as the heroine who killed Sisera to deliver Israel from the troops of King Jabin.	Jael	Bible
publication date	Crystal Crazy is an arcade game, published by Casady & Greene for Mac OS in 1993.	Crystal Crazy	1993
publication date	Bad Luck Blackie is a 1949 animated cartoon produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Bad Luck Blackie	1949
publication date	Cuthbert Goes Walkabout is a 1983 computer game for the Dragon 32/64, TRS-80 CoCo, Commodore 64 and Atari 8-bit family home computers.	Cuthbert Goes Walkabout	1983
publication date	The Horribly Slow Murderer with the Extremely Inefficient Weapon is a 10-minute film short that was released in 2008.	The Horribly Slow Murderer with the Extremely Inefficient Weapon	2008
publication date	Christmas in the City is a 2013 American Christmas and holiday season film written by Barbara Kymlicka, directed by Marita Grabiak, starring Ashley Williams, Jon Prescott, and Ashanti and distributed by Lifetime Network	Christmas in the City	2013
publication date	Killing in Istanbul (originally Kilink Istanbul'da) is a 1967 Turkish film directed by Yilmaz Atadeniz.	Killing in Istanbul	1967
publication date	Conexión Caribe is a 1984 film starring members of Los Chicos, a Puerto Rican boy band of the 1980s, Tony, Migue, Chayanne and Rey.	Conexión Caribe	1984
publication date	Cannon Fodder 3 was released in Russia in December 2011 and -- via download service GamersGate --	Cannon Fodder 3	December 2011
publication date	The Seventh Sin is a 1957 film based on the 1925 novel The Painted Veil by W. Somerset Maugham.	The Seventh Sin	1957
publication date	Two Fists, One Heart is an 2008 Australian drama film directed by Shawn Seet and written by Rai Fazio, and is based on Fazio's own life growing up.	Two Fists, One Heart	2008
publication date	Biohazardous is a 2001 American horror film written and directed by Michael J. Hein.	Biohazardous	2001
publication date	Nothing Like Experience is a 1970 Australian film made by Melbourne University Film Society about three students at Melbourne University.	Nothing Like Experience	1970
publication date	Boo Moon is a theatrical cartoon short released in 1954 in 3D format as a Stereotoon.	Boo Moon	1954
publication date	Split Decisions is a 1988 film directed by David Drury.	Split Decisions	1988
publication date	Kumari 21F is a 2015 Indian Telugu drama film directed by Palnati Surya Pratap, and written and co-produced by Sukumar with Vijay Bandreddi and Thomas Reddy under their banners Sukumar Writings and P. A. Motion Pictures.	Kumari 21F	2015
publication date	The Elder Son (2006) is a comedy-drama film directed by Marius Balchunas and written by Marius Balchunas and Scott Sturgeon.	The Elder Son	2006
publication date	Hollywood Daffy is a 1946 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by an uncredited Friz Freleng (why Freleng is uncredited is unclear), written by Michael Maltese, and starring Daffy Duck.	Hollywood Daffy	1946
publication date	Legend of Makai (Japanese: Makai Densetsu) is an arcade video game from 1988.	Legend of Makai	1988
publication date	Young Catherine is a 1991 American TV miniseries based on the early life of Catherine II of Russia.	Young Catherine	1991
publication date	In the 1920s, Arie de Jong, with the consent of the leaders of the small remnant of Volapük speakers, made a revision of Volapük which was published in 1931 (now called Volapük Nulik ``New Volapük'' as opposed to the Volapük Rigik 'Original Volapük' of Schleyer).	Volapük	1931
publication date	An Insignificant Harvey is a 2011 independent Canadian film.	An Insignificant Harvey	2011
publication date	Buddy's Pony Express is an American animated short film, released March 9, 1935.	Buddy's Pony Express	1935
publication date	Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai (English: When one falls in love) is an Indian Hindi language film released in 1998.	Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai	1998
publication date	The TV Set is a 2006 comedy-drama film about an idealistic writer attempting to bring his vision for a TV show to fruition on the small screen.	The TV Set	2006
publication date	The Ballad of Little Jo is a 1993 American western film inspired by the true story of a society woman who tries to escape the stigma of bearing a child out of wedlock by going out to the West, and living disguised as a man.	The Ballad of Little Jo	1993
publication date	Petty Romance (Hangul: 째째한 로맨스; RR: Jjaejjaehan romaenseu) is a 2010 South Korean 18-rated romantic comedy film about the fiery relationship between an adult cartoonist and a former sex columnist.	Petty Romance	2010
publication date	Alguien se acerca (English: Someone approaches) is an unreleased 1948 Argentine film.	Alguien se acerca	1948
publication date	Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book is a 1962 children's book by Dr. Seuss.	Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book	1962
publication date	A la mala (Spanish for: By foul means) is a 2015 Mexican romantic comedy film written by Issa López and Ari Rosen and directed by Pedro Pablo Ibarra.	A la mala	2015
publication date	Moulin Rouge! (/ˌmuːlæn ˈruːʒ/, from French: (mulɛ̃ ˈʁuʒ)) is a 2001 Australian--	Moulin Rouge!	2001
publication date	Return to Two Moon Junction is a 1995 romantic drama film which serves as a sequel to the 1988 film Two Moon Junction.	Return to Two Moon Junction	1995
publication date	Though it was shot in 1991, Teenage Exorcist wasn't released on video until 1994.	Teenage Exorcist	1994
publication date	A Wife's Life is an eight-minute film made in 1950 by classic short filmmaker Pete Smith (film producer), who also narrates.	A Wife's Life	1950
publication date	Bhagya Devathe (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯ ದೇವತೆ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by Rathnakar-Madhu and produced by V Sundareshan.	Bhagya Devathe	1968
publication date	Grimm Love (original German title Rohtenburg) is a 2006 psychological horror film inspired by the Armin Meiwes cannibal murder case.	Grimm Love	2006
publication date	Vatathukkul Chadhuram (Tamil: வட்டத்துக்குள் சதுரம்) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film, directed by S. P. Muthuraman and produced by N. S. Mani.	Vatathukkul Chadhuram	1978
publication date	Humorous Phases of Funny Faces is a 1906 short silent animated cartoon directed by James Stuart Blackton and generally regarded by film historians as the first animated film recorded on standard picture film.	Humorous Phases of Funny Faces	1906
publication date	Mickey's Delayed Date is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions, distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and released on October 3, 1947.	Mickey's Delayed Date	1947
publication date	Florbela is a 2012 Portuguese biographical film about Portuguese poet Florbela Espanca, directed by Vicente Alves do Ó.	Florbela	2012
publication date	Sid & Al's Incredible Toons is a puzzle video game developed by Dynamix and released by Sierra On-Line in 1993.	Sid & Al's Incredible Toons	1993
publication date	Wrestling Swordfish is a 1931 American short adventure film produced by Mack Sennett.	Wrestling Swordfish	1931
publication date	An Evening with the Dixie Chicks is a 2002 live music documentary featuring the Dixie Chicks and directed by Joel Gallen.	An Evening with the Dixie Chicks	2002
publication date	The Boys & Girls Guide to Getting Down was the winner of five independent film awards at the Los Angeles Film Festival 2006.	The Boys & Girls Guide to Getting Down	2006
publication date	Time of Violence (Bulgarian: Време на насилие, translit. Vreme na nasilie) is a 1988 Bulgarian film based on the novel Vreme razdelno (Време разделно, ``Time of Parting'') of Anton Donchev .	Time of Violence	1988
publication date	The Cats of Mirikitani is a documentary film originally released in 2006.	The Cats of Mirikitani	2006
publication date	Culture, Alienation, Boredom and Despair is a 2012 documentary film about Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers's 1992 debut studio album, Generation Terrorists.	Culture, Alienation, Boredom and Despair	2012
publication date	Sweet J Presents ended after 12 episodes and moved to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim in 2005 as Robot Chicken, premiering on Sunday, February 20, 2005.	Robot Chicken	2005
publication date	Sorry for the Disturbance (Arabic: اسف على الإزعاج‎ -- Asef Ala Al Izaag, also spelled Asef Ala El-Ezaag or Asef 3ala El Ez3ag) (2008) is an Egyptian film starring Ahmed Helmi and Menna Shalabi.	Sorry for the Disturbance	2008
publication date	Total Denial is a 2006 documentary film about fifteen Burmese villagers going up against oil giants UNOCAL and Total as they build the Yadana Pipeline.	Total Denial	2006
publication date	Kids vs Monsters is a 2015 fantasy film that was directed by Sultan Saeed Al Darmaki and is his directorial debut.	Kids vs Monsters	2015
publication date	Ways across the Country (German: Wege übers Land) is a 1968 East German television miniseries, directed by Martin Ackermann.	Ways across the Country	1968
publication date	EMI released ``Keep Yourself Alive'' as a single in the United Kingdom on 6 July 1973, a week before Queen hit the stores.	Keep Yourself Alive	6 July 1973
publication date	Boat Trip 3D also known as Duel on water 3D is the first Dutch digital 3D short film (with a running time of 10 minutes), released at the Netherlands Film Festival in Utrecht in September 2008.	Boat Trip 3D	2008
publication date	Space Mutiny (also known as Mutiny in Space) is a 1988 South African science-fiction action film about a mutiny aboard the spaceship known as the Southern Sun.	Space Mutiny	1988
publication date	Down Argentine Way is a 1940 Technicolor musical film made by Twentieth Century Fox.	Down Argentine Way	1940
publication date	La sombra del otro (``The Shadow of the Other'') is a 1957 Mexican film.	La sombra del otro	1957
publication date	Gandhada Gudi Part 2 (Kannada: ಗಂಧದಗುಡಿ ಭಾಗ-೨) is a 1994 Indian Kannada adventure drama film directed by Vijay and produced by M. P. Shankar.	Gandhada Gudi Part 2	1994
publication date	Siberiade (Russian: Сибириада, translit. Sibiriada) is a 1979 epic Soviet film in four parts, spanning much of the 20th century.	Siberiade	1979
publication date	Kalem Mama (Call Mama) is a 2003 Egyptian romantic comedy film written by Mostafa El Sobki and directed by Ahmad Awwadh.	Kalem Mama	2003
publication date	The Upper Footage (also known as Upper) is a 2013 found footage film directed and written by Justin Cole.	The Upper Footage	2013
publication date	El dolor de pagar la renta (English: The Pain of Paying Rent) is a 1960 Mexican comedy film directed Agustín P. Delgado.	El dolor de pagar la renta	1960
publication date	Out of My Intention (Hangul: 나도 모르게; RR: Nado Moleugae) is a 2008 South Korean short film written and directed by Yoo Ji-tae.	Out of My Intention	2008
publication date	Flight on Titan first appeared in the January 1935 issue of Astounding Stories, was the first of Weinbaum's to appear in Astounding Stories, and is the only story by him set on Saturn's largest moon, Titan.	Flight on Titan	January 1935
publication date	Guldasta (Marathi: गुलदस्ता; English: Bouquet of Flowers) is a Marathi film released on 14 January 2011.	Guldasta	2011
publication date	Death Duel of Kung Fu is 1979 martial art movie, directed by William Cheung Ki and starring John Liu, Don Wong Tao and Eagle Han-ying.	Death Duel of Kung Fu	1979
publication date	Chitra Te Shera (Punjabi: چترا تے شیرا) is 1976 Pakistani Punjabi language fictional historical film, directed by Iqbal Kashmiri and produced by Babar Iqbal.	Chitra Te Shera	1976
publication date	A People Uncounted is a 2011 Canadian documentary film directed by Aaron Yeger about the culture and history of the Romani people (commonly known as gypsies) in Europe, with special emphasis on their plight during The Holocaust.	A People Uncounted	2011
publication date	What Is the Electric Car? is a 2010 documentary film that explains the benefits of electric cars.	What Is the Electric Car?	2010
publication date	High Yellow is a 1965 film about a black girl who tries to pass for white.	High Yellow	1965
publication date	40 Days and Nights is a 2012 disaster film loosely based on the 2009 film 2012.	40 Days and Nights	2012
publication date	The Wetback Hound is a 1957 American short family film produced by Larry Lansburgh.	The Wetback Hound	1957
publication date	Day of Independence is a 2003 short film, broadcast in 2005 as a half-hour PBS television special.	Day of Independence	2003
publication date	The Literature of Australian Birds is a book published in 1954 by Paterson Brokensha in Perth, Western Australia.	The Literature of Australian Birds	1954
publication date	Love Under the Date-Tree (Greek: Έρωτας στη χουρμαδιά, Erotas sti hourmadia) is a 1990 Greek comedy film directed by Stavros Tsiolis.	Love Under the Date-Tree	1990
publication date	A Touch of Magic (1961) is a musical sponsored film.	A Touch of Magic	1961
publication date	Sunday School Musical is a musical film mockbuster released direct-to-DVD on October 21, 2008.	Sunday School Musical	2008
publication date	A Woman of the Sea, also known by its working title Sea Gulls, is an unreleased silent film produced in 1926 by the Chaplin Film Company.	A Woman of the Sea	1926
publication date	The Agitator is a 1945 British drama film directed by John Harlow and starring William Hartnell, Mary Morris and John Laurie.	The Agitator	1945
publication date	Rebel in Paradise is a 1960 American documentary film on the artist Paul Gauguin produced by Robert D. Fraser.	Rebel in Paradise	1960
publication date	Miss Pinkerton is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy mystery film about a nurse who becomes involved in a murder investigation.	Miss Pinkerton	1932
publication date	Poppea's Hot Nights (Italian: Le calde notti di Poppea) is a 1969 Italian comedy film set in Ancient Rome.	Poppea's Hot Nights	1969
publication date	Jatt Airways is the Punjabi movie starring Alfaaz, Tulip Joshi, Padam Bhola, Smriti Khanna, Jaswinder Bhalla, Binnu Dhillon, Rana Jang Bahadur, BN Sharma, Deepak Raja, Karamjit Anmol, Manreet Kaur, Kulwant Gill and many more, After postponing couple of times, the movie was released on 30 August 2013	Jatt Airways	30 August 2013
publication date	Thrill of the Surf is a 1949 documentary about Australia's surf culture directed by Ken G Hall.	Thrill of the Surf	1949
publication date	A Preferred List is a 1933 American Pre-Code short comedy film produced by Lou Brock.	A Preferred List	1933
publication date	Fire Talker is a 2009 documentary film by Australian filmmaker Ivan Sen. It is a documentary biopic about Aboriginal Australian political activist, footballer and administrator, Charlie Perkins.	Fire Talker	2009
publication date	Janani Janmabhoomi (English: Mother & The Motherland) is a 1984 Telugu, Philosophical film produced by K. Kesava Rao on Sri Bramharambika Films banner, directed by K. Viswanath.	Janani Janmabhoomi	1984
publication date	Muthu Chippi (Tamil: முத்துச்சிப்பி) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film, directed by M. Krishnan and produced by E. V. Rajan.	Muthu Chippi	1968
publication date	The Band That Wouldn't Die is a sports documentary film released in 2009 and created and directed by Barry Levinson as a part of ESPN's 30 for 30 documentary series.	The Band That Wouldn't Die	2009
publication date	Love N' Dancing is a 2009 film about a couple who take part in a competition in the world of swing dancing.	Love N' Dancing	2009
publication date	Bad Turn Worse, also known as We Gotta Get Out of This Place, is a 2013 American neo-noir film directed by brothers Zeke and Simon Hawkins.	Bad Turn Worse	2013
publication date	Jacob's Sound is a film directed by Anna Dudley released in 2003 starring Tyhm Kennedy and Nicole Williams.	Jacob's Sound	2003
publication date	Kirikou and the Wild Beasts (French: Kirikou et les bêtes sauvages) is a 2005 French animated feature film.	Kirikou and the Wild Beasts	2005
publication date	Saarathi (Kannada: ಸಾರಥಿ, English: Charioteer) is a 2011 Indian Kannada romance action film written and directed by Dinakar Thoogudeep.	Saarathi	2011
publication date	Super Sleuth Christmas Movie is a 2007 film based on the hit Playhouse Disney series My Friends Tigger & Pooh.	Super Sleuth Christmas Movie	2007
publication date	Osey Ramulamma is a 1997 Telugu film based on a woman's rebellion in Telangana.	Osey Ramulamma	1997
publication date	The Case is a 2007 Chinese film directed by the female first-time director, Wang Fen.	The Case	2007
publication date	Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani (English: Unique Prem's (Love's) Amazing Story) is a 2009 romantic comedy film.	Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani	2009
publication date	A Grim Becoming is a 2014 horror comedy film that was directed by Adam R. Steigert.	A Grim Becoming	2014
publication date	Drux Flux is a 2008 animated short by Theodore Ushev, inspired by Herbert Marcuse's treatise One-Dimensional Man.	Drux Flux	2008
publication date	The Boy Who Drank Too Much is a 1980 American television film based on a novel by Shep Greene.	The Boy Who Drank Too Much	1980
publication date	Everyone's Going to Die is a 2013 British film written and directed by directing collective Jones.	Everyone's Going to Die	2013
publication date	I basilischi (also known as The Basilisks and The Lizards) is a 1963 Italian drama film.	I basilischi	1963
publication date	Peut-être (Maybe; Perhaps) is a 1999 French science fiction comedy film.	Peut-être	1999
publication date	Gleaming the Cube (also known as A Brother's Justice and Skate or Die) is an American film released in 1989.	Gleaming the Cube	1989
publication date	Adi Kapyare Kootamani is a 2015 Malayalam comedy film directed by John Varghese starring Mukesh, Dhyan Sreenivasan, Namitha Pramod, Aju Varghese, Neeraj Madhav, and Bijukuttan.	Adi Kapyare Kootamani	2015
publication date	Annai Velankanni is 1971 Indian drama film in Tamil.	Annai Velankanni	1971
publication date	Adam Khan Dukhaniye is a Pollywood film of 1971.	Adam Khan Dukhaniye	1971
publication date	Edge of Madness is a 2002 drama film based on the short story A Wilderness Station, written by Alice Munro.	Edge of Madness	2002
publication date	Misery Me is a 1959 Australian television movie, or rather a live television play, which aired on ABC.	Misery Me	1959
publication date	Tap Roots is a 1948 period film set during the American Civil War.	Tap Roots	1948
publication date	Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park (known as Attack of the Phantoms in Europe and Kiss Phantoms in Italy) is a 1978 television film, starring American hard rock band Kiss.	Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park	1978
publication date	The Mole Man of Belmont Avenue is a 2011 comedy horror film that was written and directed by Mike Bradecich and John LaFlamboy, who also starred.	The Mole Man of Belmont Avenue	2011
publication date	Ninu Choodaka Nenundalenu is a 2002 Telugu film written and directed by R. Srinivas and produced by J. M. Joshi.	Ninu Choodaka Nenundalenu	2002
publication date	Merlin and the Sword is a 1985 TV movie based on the Arthurian legend.	Merlin and the Sword	1985
publication date	The Wild, Wild Rose (simplified Chinese: 野玫瑰之恋; traditional Chinese: 野玫瑰之戀; pinyin: yě méiguī zhī liàn) is a 1960 Hong Kong film directed by Wang Tian-lin.	The Wild, Wild Rose	1960
publication date	Armor Hero Atlas (Chinese: 铠甲勇士之雅塔莱斯) is a 2014 Chinese science fiction action film directed by Zheng Guowei and based on a television series.	Armor Hero Atlas	2014
publication date	Merrie Melodies is an American animated series of comedy short films produced by Warner Bros. between 1931 and 1969, during the golden age of American animation.	Merrie Melodies	1931
publication date	Chariots of Fire is a 1981 British historical drama film.	Chariots of Fire	1981
publication date	Some Great Videos is the first music video compilation by Depeche Mode, featuring ten music videos directed by Clive Richardson or Peter Care, released in 1985.	Some Great Videos	1985
publication date	Dark Remains 2005 American horror film written and directed by Brian Avenet-Bradley.	Dark Remains	2005
publication date	Konchem Koththaga is a 2008 Telugu film directed, written by Raju Rajendra Prasad.	Konchem Koththaga	2008
publication date	Strippers vs Werewolves is a 2012 comedy-horror film directed by Jonathan Glendening.	Strippers vs Werewolves	2012
publication date	Blood in the Mobile is a 2010 documentary film by Danish film director Frank Piasecki Poulsen.	Blood in the Mobile	2010
publication date	Kangaroo Palace is a 1997 drama television film which aired on Seven Network.	Kangaroo Palace	1997
publication date	The Flaming Crisis is a 1924 silent romance Western film written and directed by William H. Grimes.	The Flaming Crisis	1924
publication date	All Soul's Eve was a 1921 American silent drama film.	All Soul's Eve	1921
publication date	Dharitri is an Odia social satire drama released on 30 March 1973.	Dharitri	1973
publication date	Raktamukhi Neela (Bengali: রক্তমুখি নীলা) is a Bengali B-Movie released in 2008.	Raktamukhi Neela	2008
publication date	Angel on the Curb (2003) (Shantytown Blues, Russian: Ангел на обочине) is an avantguard musical drama, close in style to Sergey Solovyov's Assa.	Angel on the Curb	2003
publication date	Beverly Lane is 2010 comedy horror written and directed by Joshua Hull.	Beverly Lane	2010
publication date	City of Ember is a 2008 American science fiction fantasy film based on the 2003 novel The City of Ember by Jeanne DuPrau.	City of Ember	2008
publication date	Once Upon a Halloween is a 2005 direct-to-video film in DVD made by Walt Disney Home Entertainment of Walt Disney Pictures, featuring Evil Queen (from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs) and Disney Villains.	Once Upon a Halloween	2005
publication date	The Walking Stick is a 1970 film based on the 1967 novel by Winston Graham.	The Walking Stick	1970
publication date	Hold That Girl is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Hamilton MacFadden and written by Dudley Nichols and Lamar Trotti.	Hold That Girl	1934
publication date	Spring in My Hometown (Hangul: 아름다운 시절; RR: Areumdaoon shijeol) is an award-winning 1998 South Korean film.	Spring in My Hometown	1998
publication date	Goodbye Charlie is a 1964 comedy film about a callous womanizer who gets his just reward.	Goodbye Charlie	1964
publication date	Crazy Old Woman is a 2007 Canadian short form paranormal thriller, written by H. Scott Hughes and directed by Joe Fang.	Crazy Old Woman	2007
publication date	Paging Emma is a 1999 Puerto Rican film.	Paging Emma	1999
publication date	Little Fighter 2 was created by Marti Wong and Starsky Wong in 1999, and released in a long series of updates.	Little Fighter 2	1999
publication date	Dim Sum Funeral is a 2008 comedy/drama film.	Dim Sum Funeral	2008
publication date	Thattakam is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by Ramesh Das and starring Nedumudi Venu and Ranjitha in the lead roles.	Thattakam	1998
publication date	Sri Ramakrishna Darshanam is a 2012 Singaporean and Indian Tamil and Hindi language biographical film based on the life and philosophy of 19th century Bengali mystic saint Ramakrishna.	Sri Ramakrishna Darshanam	2012
publication date	Sono innocente is a studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Vasco Rossi, produced by Guido Elmi and Rossi himself and released by Universal on 4 November 2014.	Sono innocente	4 November 2014
publication date	The Room Two was released on iTunes for iPad iOS 7 devices on 12 December 2013.	The Room Two	12 December 2013
publication date	Hard Knuckle is a 1988 Australian TV film about a young boy who tries to get a pool player back on track.	Hard Knuckle	1988
publication date	They Met in Guayaquil (Spanish:Se conocieron en Guayaquil) is a 1949 Ecuadorian drama film directed by Paco Villar.	They Met in Guayaquil	1949
publication date	Victoria No. 203 is a 1973 Hindi film produced and directed by Brij.	Victoria No. 203	1973
publication date	La Bien-aimée is a 1967 French television drama directed by Jacques Doniol-Valcroze.	La Bien-aimée	1967
publication date	The Tales of Beatrix Potter (US title: Peter Rabbit and Tales of Beatrix Potter) is a 1971 ballet film based on the children's stories of English author and illustrator Beatrix Potter.	The Tales of Beatrix Potter	1971
publication date	Triumph and Agony is the fourth and final studio album by the German heavy metal band Warlock, released on 5 September 1987.	Triumph and Agony	1987
publication date	Jetpac is a 1983 shooter video game developed and published by Ultimate Play The Game and released for the ZX Spectrum and VIC-20.	Jetpac	1983
publication date	Dick Barton Strikes Back is a 1950 British film about special agent Dick Barton.	Dick Barton Strikes Back	1950
publication date	Muhoorthangal is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed PM Benny.	Muhoorthangal	1977
publication date	Madha Yaanai Koottam (Tamil: மதயானைக் கூட்டம்) is a 2013 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Vikram Sugumaran who was a former assistant of Balu Mahendra and dialogue writer of Aadukalam.	Madha Yaanai Koottam	2013
publication date	The Notice of the Day (Spanish: Arregui, La Noticia del Día) is a 2001 Argentine comedy-drama film directed and written by María Victoria Menis with Diana Iceruk.	The Notice of the Day	2001
publication date	Birth of the B-29 was a 1945 propaganda film commissioned by the US War Department.	Birth of the B-29	1945
publication date	TacOps is a turn-based wargame originally released in 1994.	TacOps	1994
publication date	Kiss of a Killer is a 1993 television thriller film written by David Warfield and directed by Larry Elikann.	Kiss of a Killer	1993
publication date	The Essential Iron Maiden is the fourth greatest hits compilation by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 5 July 2005.	The Essential Iron Maiden	5 July 2005
publication date	Expedition Linné is a 2007 documentary film made for the 300th anniversary of the birth of Swedish botanist, physician, and zoologist Carl Linnaeus.	Expedition Linné	2007
publication date	History Lessons (German: Geschichtsunterricht) is a 1972 West German drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub.	History Lessons	1972
publication date	Chanakya Shapatham (Telugu: ఛాణక్య శపధం) is a 1986 Telugu film starring Chiranjeevi, Vijayashanti, Rao Gopal Rao, and Satyanarayana.	Chanakya Shapatham	1986
publication date	Un Soir du Paris (An Evening in Paris) is a lesbian-themed short story collection compiled by SepociKopi.com and published in 2010 by Gramedia Pustaka Utama.	Un Soir du Paris	2010
publication date	Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (English: My Friend/Darling, Would You Like To Eat Laddu?) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Manikandan.	Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya	2013
publication date	Dongodu is a 2003 Telugu language comedy movie produced by Bheemineni Rushita Sai under Goodwill Cinema banner.	Dongodu	2003
publication date	American Pimp is a 1999 documentary that examines the pimp subculture in the United States.	American Pimp	1999
publication date	Twice Branded is a 1936 British drama film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring James Mason, Robert Rendel and Lucille Lisle.	Twice Branded	1936
publication date	Toy Tinkers is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on December 16, 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures.	Toy Tinkers	1949
publication date	The Butler's Dilemma is a 1943 British, black-and-white, comedy film, directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Ronald Shiner as Ernie, Ian Fleming, Francis L. Sullivan, Judy Kelly, Hermione Gingold, Henry Kendall, Wally Patch.	The Butler's Dilemma	1943
publication date	A Little Frog Is looking for His Father (Russian: Лягушонок ищет папу) is The 1964 Soviet Russian Stop-motion Animation Film by Roman Kachanov.	A Little Frog Is looking for His Father	1964
publication date	R.L. Stine's Haunted Lighthouse is a 2003 short 4-D film.	Haunted Lighthouse	2003
publication date	Action Boys (Hangul: 우린 액션 배우다; RR: Urin Aeksyeon Baeuda) is a 2008 South Korean documentary film directed by Jung Byung-gil.	Action Boys	2008
publication date	London in the Raw is a 1964 British documentary about London nightlife.	London in the Raw	1964
publication date	Mere Huzoor (English: My Lord) is a 1968 Hindi-Urdu romance drama film produced by Malik Chand Kochar, Vinod Kumar on Movie Mughals banner and directed by Vinod Kumar.	Mere Huzoor	1968
publication date	Soshur Bari Zindabad (Bengali: শ্বশুরবাড়ী জিন্দাবাদ) is a 2002 Bangladeshi film released on Eid-ul-Fitr.	Soshur Bari Zindabad	2002
publication date	Hell High is a 1989 slasher film.	Hell High	1989
publication date	Sixpack Annie is a 1975 American International film aimed at the drive-in theatre circuit that was advertised with tags ``Lookout...	Sixpack Annie	1975
publication date	Der Spalt (The Gap - Mindcontrol) is a 2014 German feature film.	Der Spalt	2014
publication date	Rajani Kantha ,(Kannada: ರಜನಿಕಾಂತ) is a 2013 Indian romantic drama film in the Kannada language directed by Pradeep Raj and produced by K. Manju.	Rajani Kantha	2013
publication date	Heroes of Shaolin (Chinese: 大武士與小票客) aka Heroes of the Wild is the Americanized title for the 1977 Hong Kong kung fu epic Daai miu si yue siu piu haak.	Heroes of Shaolin	1977
publication date	Victorino (Las calles no se siembran) (``Victorino (The Streets are Not Planted)'') is a 1973 Mexican film.	Victorino (Las calles no se siembran)	1973
publication date	Stanley and Livingstone (1939) is a movie based loosely upon the true story of reporter Sir Henry M. Stanley's quest to find Dr. David Livingstone, a missionary presumed lost in Africa.	Stanley and Livingstone	1939
publication date	Call + Response is a documentary film released in 2008 by Fair Trade Pictures to support human rights activism against human trafficking and slavery on a community level.	Call + Response	2008
publication date	For Eternal Hearts (Hangul: 별빛 속으로; RR: Byeolbit Sogeuro) is a 2007 South Korean film.	For Eternal Hearts	2007
publication date	Sexo, amor y otras perversiones (Spanish for ``Sex, love and other perversions'') is a 2006 Mexican film made up of eight short films directed by the renowned Mexican film directors:	Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	2006
publication date	Beautiful Strangers was the ninth best-selling book overall in Romania in 2010.	Beautiful Strangers	2010
publication date	The True Glory (1945) is a co-production of the US Office of War Information and the British Ministry of Information, documenting the victory on the Western Front, from Normandy to the collapse of the Third Reich.	The True Glory	1945
publication date	Butcher Hill is an action game developed and published by Gremlin Graphics in 1989.	Butcher Hill	1989
publication date	45365 is a 2009 documentary film made by first-time directors and brothers Bill Ross IV and Turner Ross.	45365	2009
publication date	Buddy of the Apes is an American animated short film, released May 26, 1934.	Buddy of the Apes	1934
publication date	Welcome to Kodaikanal is a 1992 Malayalam movie written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Babu.	Welcome to Kodaikanal	1992
publication date	You're the Doctor is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy Lockwood and starring Barry K. Barnes, Googie Withers and Norma Varden.	You're the Doctor	1938
publication date	Phish 3D is a 2010 concert film in 3D featuring the rock band Phish.	Phish 3D	2010
publication date	Ek Baar Chale Aao is a 1983 social film by Abdul Sattar starring Deepti Naval and Farooq Shaikh in the lead roles.	Ek Baar Chale Aao	1983
publication date	The Mysterious Mr. Davis is a 1939 British comedy drama film directed by Claude Autant-Lara and starring Henry Kendall, Kathleen Kelly and Alastair Sim.	The Mysterious Mr. Davis	1939
publication date	¡Vuelven los García! (``The Return of the García!'') is a 1947 Mexican film.	¡Vuelven los García!	1947
publication date	No More Sunsets is a 2006 American short documentary film starring former trucker Shawn Bridges and filmed by Chip Rosetti at the former's request.	No More Sunsets	2006
publication date	``My Perestroika'' was released in cinemas in the US and Canada in 2011 in over 70 cities.	My Perestroika	2011
publication date	Er Dong (Chinese: 二冬; pinyin: èr dōng), directed by Yang Jin, is a 2008 narrative independent Chinese film about a rebellious teenager in rural northern China.	Er Dong	2008
publication date	Anger of the Gods is a 2003 Burkinabé film.	Anger of the Gods	2003
publication date	Down in 'Arkansaw' is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Dorrell McGowan and Stuart E. McGowan.	Down in 'Arkansaw'	1938
publication date	Dakota Express is a 2002 Kannada comedy film, a remake of the 2001 Malayalam film Ee Parakkum Thalika.	Dakota Express	2002
publication date	Gangster Payday (大茶飯) is a 2014 Hong Kong action comedy drama film directed by Lee Po-cheung.	Gangster Payday	2014
publication date	Emergency Act 19 (Hangul: 긴급조치 19호; RR: Gimgeubjochi 19ho) is a satirical 2002 South Korean film about a government act that prohibits popular music, passed in response to a number of musicians being elected to government elsewhere in the world.	Emergency Act 19	2002
publication date	Forward March Hare is an animated Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1953 featuring Bugs Bunny.	Forward March Hare	1953
publication date	Ladies of the House is a television movie made-for-TV movie that aired on Hallmark Channel in October 2008.	Ladies of the House	2008
publication date	First Descent is a 2005 documentary film about snowboarding and its beginning in the 1980s.	First Descent	2005
publication date	Save the Tiger is a 1973 film about moral conflict in contemporary America.	Save the Tiger	1973
publication date	In Old Montana is a 1939 American Western film about the conflict existing between sheepherders and cattleman in the 19th century.	In Old Montana	1939
publication date	Jag och min far is a song written and recorded by Olle Ljungström, and released as a single in 1997 as well as on the 1998 album Det stora kalaset 1998.	Jag och min far	1997
publication date	Bury Me in Redwood Country is a 2009 documentary film about the Redwood forest landscape.	Bury Me in Redwood Country	2009
publication date	New World Disorder III - Freewheel Burning is the title of the third film of the series of New World Disorder Mountain-biking film series, the film was released in 2002 and was a success that was popular enough that another film was produced as a result of it.	New World Disorder III	2002
publication date	The Idol of Paris is a 1948 film based on the novel Paiva, Queen of Love by Alfred Schirokauer, about a mid-19th century French courtesan Theresa who sleeps her way from poverty to the top of Second Empire society.	The Idol of Paris	1948
publication date	Barnaby and Me is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a girl and her talking koala who are pursued by criminals.	Barnaby and Me	1978
publication date	Digvijaya (Kannada: ದಿಗ್ವಿಜಯ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film, directed by Somu and produced by Geetha Srinath, Somu and M S Karanth.	Digvijaya	1987
publication date	Mannai Thottu Kumbidanum is a 1995 Tamil language drama film directed by R. Umashankar.	Mannai Thottu Kumbidanum	1995
publication date	The Odd Couple II is the 1998 sequel to 1968's The Odd Couple.	The Odd Couple II	1998
publication date	Captive Flock (Bulgarian: Пленено ято, translit. Pleneno yato) is a 1962 Bulgarian drama film directed by Ducho Mundrov.	Captive Flock	1962
publication date	Pioneer Heroes (Russian: Пионеры-герои, Pionery-geroi) is a 2015 Russian drama film directed by Natalia Kudryashova.	Pioneer Heroes	2015
publication date	Yeh Adam (Punjabi: یہ آدم) is 1986 Pakistani Punjabi language action, directed by Irshad Sajid and produced by Basheer Ahmad Butt M - Abdullah.	Yeh Adam	1986
publication date	Our South African Birds is an album of South African birds published in 1941.	Our South African Birds	1941
publication date	A Letter from Bataan is a 1942 ``Victory Short'' documentary film or propaganda film made by Paramount Pictures in collaboration with the U.S. Office of War Information and the United States Government.	A Letter from Bataan	1942
publication date	Night Eyes 3 is a 1993 erotic thriller film and the third within the Night Eyes series.	Night Eyes 3	1993
publication date	Mickybo and Me is a 2004 Northern Irish comedy-drama film written and directed by Terry Loane and based on the stage play Mojo Mickybo by Owen McCafferty.	Mickybo and Me	2004
publication date	Cyrano Fernandez is a 2007 Venezuelan drama film based on the plays of Cyrano de Bergerac but set in contemporary times.	Cyrano Fernandez	2007
publication date	Kalavathi (Tamil: கலாவதி) is a 1951 Indian Tamil film directed by L. S. Ramachandran and written by Sundara Vathiyar and Chidambaram Natarajan.	Kalavathi	1951
publication date	Il giro del mondo degli innamorati di Peynet , internationally released as Around the World with Peynet's Lovers and The Turn of the World of the Sweethearts of Peynet, is a 1974 Italian animation film directed by Cesare Perfetto.	Around the World with Peynet's Lovers	1974
publication date	Balablok is a 1972 animated short written and directed by Břetislav Pojar exploring the human propensity for resorting to violence over reason.	Balablok	1972
publication date	Janma Rahasya (Kannada: ಜನ್ಮ ರಹಸ್ಯ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film directed by S. P. N. Krishna.	Janma Rahasya	1972
publication date	The Woman Disputed is a 1928 American drama film.	The Woman Disputed	1928
publication date	The Price of a Party is a 1924 American silent melodrama produced by Howard Estabrook and distributed by Associated Exhibitors.	The Price of a Party	1924
publication date	Dragonworld is a 1994 film that was released Direct-to-Video.	Dragonworld	1994
publication date	My Name Is Sultan released on 20 August 2012.	My Name Is Sultan	2012
publication date	Beyond the Limits is a 1992 book continuing the modeling of the consequences of a rapidly growing global population that was started in Limits to Growth.	Beyond the Limits	1992
publication date	Challenge of the Tiger is a 1980 Hong Kong, American, and Italian Bruceploitation martial arts film.	Challenge of the Tiger	1980
publication date	Kiss of the Death (Vietnamese: Nụ Hôn Thần Chết) is a comedy released in 2008 that stars Thanh Hang and Johnny Tri Nguyen.	Kiss of the Death	2008
publication date	Night in the City (Chinese: 城市之夜; pinyin: Chéngshì zhī yè) (also known as City Nights) was a 1933 Chinese silent film.	Night in the City	1933
publication date	Johnny Doesn't Live Here Any More is a 1944 American comedy/romance film starring Simone Simon, James Ellison, William Terry, and featuring Robert Mitchum in an early role.	Johnny Doesn't Live Here Any More	1944
publication date	To Kill a Dead Man is a short film made in 1994 by the trip hop group Portishead.	To Kill a Dead Man	1994
publication date	The Ape Man's Brother is a 2013 novella written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.This novel was originally published as an ebook by Subterranean Press.and has now been issued as a hardcover book on 31 January 2014.	The Ape Man's Brother	2013
publication date	From the Clouds to the Resistance (Italian Dalla nube alla resistenza, literally From the Cloud to the Resistance) is a 1979 Italian drama film directed by Danièle Huillet and Jean-Marie Straub.	From the Clouds to the Resistance	1979
publication date	Bolo Raam is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Rakesh Chaturvedi, released on 31 December 2009.	Bolo Raam	2009
publication date	The Epic of Everest is a 1924 documentary about the Mallory and Irvine Mount Everest expedition.	The Epic of Everest	1924
publication date	Innisai Mazhai (English: Rain of music) is a 1992 Tamil romance film directed by Shoba Chandrasekar.	Innisai Mazhai	1992
publication date	Last Clear Chance is a 1959 American short film produced and directed by Robert Carlisle.	Last Clear Chance	1959
publication date	Two Girls and a Sailor is a 1944 musical film about two singing sisters who are helped to set up a canteen to entertain soldiers by a mysterious wealthy admirer.	Two Girls and a Sailor	1944
publication date	Gypsy Colt is a 1954 film about an eponymous horse.	Gypsy Colt	1954
publication date	Giacomo l'idealista (also known as Giacomo the Idealist) is a 1943 Italian drama film.	Giacomo l'idealista	1943
publication date	Failure of Engineer Garin (Russian: Крах инженера Гарина, translit. Krakh inzhenera Garina) is a 1973 Soviet television film in four parts loosely based on a novel Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin (``Гиперболоид инженера Гарина'') by Alexei Tolstoy.	Failure of Engineer Garin	1973
publication date	I Wish I Had a Wife is a 2001 South Korean film about a lonely banker who meets a schoolteacher.	I Wish I Had a Wife	2001
publication date	Sanikizhamai Saayangalam 5 Mani is a 2010 Tamil crime thriller Movie written and directed by Rathi Bharathi, and starring Sarath and Malaini.	Sanikizhamai Saayangalam 5 Mani	2010
publication date	Often an Orphan is a 1949 cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series.	Often an Orphan	1949
publication date	Thanatos, Drunk (Chinese: 醉.生夢死; pinyin: Zuì Shēng Mèng Sǐ) is a 2015 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chang Tso-chi.	Thanatos, Drunk	2015
publication date	Federal Operator 99 or F.B.I 99 on its edited television release, is a 1945 Republic film serial.	Federal Operator 99	1945
publication date	Bulat-Batır or Bulat-batyr (Russian: Була́т-Баты́р, Tatar: بولات باتر) is a 1927 silent film, believed to be the first Tatar film and probably the only Tatar full-length feature silent film.	Bulat-Batır	1927
publication date	The animated television series of the same name first aired in 1984, the same year Hallmark licensed Rainbow Brite to Mattel for a range of dolls and other merchandise.	Rainbow Brite	1984
publication date	Thief of Hearts is a 1984 film drama produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer.	Thief of Hearts	1984
publication date	Telugabbai (English translation - Telugu boy) is a 2013 Telugu film written and directed by OS Avinash.	Telugabbai	2013
publication date	Nirantharam is a 1995 Telugu Socio Political film written and directed by Rajendra Prasad, based on the 1948 Telangana Movement.	Nirantharam	1995
publication date	The Anderssons Hit the Road (Swedish: Sune på bilsemester) is a Swedish comedy, children and family film opening on 25 December 2013.	The Anderssons Hit the Road	25 December 2013
publication date	Paiyaa (English: Boy) is a 2010 Indian Tamil romantic action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy.	Paiyaa	2010
publication date	Tapper, also known as Root Beer Tapper, is a 1983 arcade game released by Bally Midway.	Tapper	1983
publication date	Somari (Russian: Сомари; also known as Somari the Adventurer) is an unlicensed port of Sega's flagship video game Sonic the Hedgehog, produced for the Nintendo Famicom and sold primarily around Asia, Russia, and other regions where pirate Famicom cartridges were distributed, in 1994.	Somari	1994
publication date	72 Heroes is a 2011 Chinese historical drama film directed by Hong Kong film director Derek Chiu based on the story of the 72 Martyrs who sacrificed their lives in the Second Guangzhou Uprising.	72 Heroes	2011
publication date	Canción de Juventud (Song of Youth) is a 1962 Spanish language musical directed by Luis Lucia comedy film starring Rocío Dúrcal, also stars Helga Liné & Carlos Estrada.	Canción de Juventud	1962
publication date	Gang War (released as All Square in the UK) is a 1928 part-talking gangster film, best known for being the main feature attached to Steamboat Willie, the debut of Mickey Mouse in sound.	Gang War	1928
publication date	Akela the Alone is a 2014 Indian psychological horror film that includes elements of crime and murder genres.	Akela the Alone	2014
publication date	The Berlin File (Hangul: 베를린; RR: Bereullin; lit. ``Berlin'') is a 2013 South Korean spy thriller written and directed by Ryoo Seung-wan.	The Berlin File	2013
publication date	Before Twilight (Polish: Jeszcze nie wieczór) is a 2008 Polish comedy film drama directed by Jacek Bławut.	Before Twilight	2008
publication date	The Circus Clown is a 1934 American Pre-Code comedy film about a man who wants to join the circus against the wishes of his ex-circus clown father.	The Circus Clown	1934
publication date	Nancy Goes to Rio is a musical comedy film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1950.	Nancy Goes to Rio	1950
publication date	Hosa Belaku (Kannada: ಹೊಸ ಬೆಳಕು) is a 1982 Kannada romantic drama film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo.	Hosa Belaku	1982
publication date	Onti Salaga (Kannada: ಒಂಟಿ ಸಲಗ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada film, directed by V Somashekar and produced by Halaguru Venkatesh.	Onti Salaga	1989
publication date	Nipples & Palm Trees is a 2012 American sex comedy film directed by Dylan Reynolds, written by Matthew James, and starring James, Sadie Katz, Akihiro Kitamura, and Vanessa Rose Parker.	Nipples & Palm Trees	2012
publication date	My Marriage is a 1936 American drama film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Frances Hyland.	My Marriage	1936
publication date	Transporter 3 (French: Le Transporteur 3) is a 2008 French action thriller film, and the third installment in the Transporter franchise.	Transporter 3	2008
publication date	The Litterbug is a 1961 animated short subject produced by Walt Disney Productions and featuring Donald Duck.	The Litterbug	1961
publication date	Corporal Rod Webb and his faithful dog Chinook were the major characters in a series of films made by the American studio Monogram Pictures between 1949 and 1954.	Corporal Rod Webb	1949
publication date	Lucifera Demon Lover (Italian: L'amante del demonio) is a 1972 Italian horror movie.	Lucifera Demon Lover	1972
publication date	History of the Eagles is a 2013 two-part authorized documentary about the career of the American rock group the Eagles, directed by Alison Ellwood and co-produced by Alex Gibney.	History of the Eagles	2013
publication date	Novio a la vista, or Boyfriend in Sight is a 1954 Spanish comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga.	Boyfriend in Sight	1954
publication date	Lovelorn Leghorn is a 1951 cartoon short starring Foghorn Leghorn, the Barnyard Dawg, and Miss Prissy.	Lovelorn Leghorn	1951
publication date	Where Soldiers Come From is a 2011 American documentary film directed by Heather Courtney.	Where Soldiers Come From	2011
publication date	My Scary Girl (Hangul: 달콤, 살벌한 연인; RR: Dalkom, salbeorhan yeonin; lit. ``Sweet, Bloodthirsty Lover'') is a 2006 South Korean black/romantic comedy film written and directed by Son Jae-gon.	My Scary Girl	2006
publication date	Pixote: a Lei do Mais Fraco (Portuguese pronunciation: (piˈʃɔtʃi a ˈlej du ˈmajʃ ˈfɾaku), lit. ``Pixote (small child): The Law of the Weakest'') is a 1980 Brazilian drama film directed by Hector Babenco.	Pixote	1980
publication date	Spencer Halpin's Moral Kombat is a 2009 documentary film, directed by Spencer Halpin, an American independent filmmaker.	Spencer Halpin's Moral Kombat	2009
publication date	Charavalayam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KS Gopalakrishnan and produced by KS Gopalakrishnan.	Charavalayam	1988
publication date	Conquest of Cochise is a 1953 fictional and anachronistic Technicolor Western set in 1853 at the time of the Gadsen Purchase.	Conquest of Cochise	1953
publication date	Pärlor åt svin (Pearls before swine) is a song with lyrics by Magnus Uggla, and music by Anders Henriksson, and recorded by Magnus Uggla, and released as a single in 2007, topping the Swedish singles chart.	Pärlor åt svin	2007
publication date	Diary of a Sex Addict is a 2001 video drama.	Diary of a Sex Addict	2001
publication date	Une blonde comme ça is a 1962 French-Argentine film.	Une blonde comme ça	1962
publication date	Gaai Aur Gori (cow and girl) is a 1973 Indian film directed by M. A. Thirumugham.	Gaai Aur Gori	1973
publication date	Kazablan (Casablan or Kasablan in its first production; Hebrew: קזבלן) is an early Israeli Hebrew language play, staged first as a 1954 drama followed by a 1964 screen adaptation, later as a 1966 musical comedy, and still later produced as a 1974 musical comedy film.	Kazablan	1974
publication date	Chicks in White Satin is a 1994 American short documentary film about the Jewish same-sex marriage of two lesbians, including interviews with the Rabbi and various family members.	Chicks in White Satin	1994
publication date	Nate and Hayes, also known as Savage Islands (UK title), is a 1983 swashbuckling adventure film set in the South Pacific in the late 19th century.	Nate and Hayes	1983
publication date	17th Parallel, Nights and Days (Vietnamese: Vĩ tuyến 17 ngày và đêm) is a 1973 Vietnamese drama film directed by Hai Ninh.	17th Parallel, Nights and Days	1973
publication date	Something About Amelia is a 1984 TV movie which explores family trauma caused by incest.	Something About Amelia	1984
publication date	Blue Rhythm is a 1931 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Columbia Pictures.	Blue Rhythm	1931
publication date	Bargon Attack is a 1992 adventure game, originally released in Spain and France.	Bargon Attack	1992
publication date	Buzzy Boop at the Concert is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boops young Tomboy cousin Buzzy Boop.	Buzzy Boop at the Concert	1938
publication date	Kudumbasammetham is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jayaraj, starring Madhu and Srividya in the lead roles.	Kudumbasammetham	1992
publication date	Harrison Montgomery is a 2008 film directed by Daniel Dávila and starring Martin Landau, who plays the title role, a game show-obsessed recluse with magical powers and a large stash of money that Ricardo Papa, a small time drug dealer with artistic pretensions, tries to steal.	Harrison Montgomery	2008
publication date	Mouna Guru (Tamil: மௌன குரு; English: The Silent Teacher) is a 2011 Tamil thriller film directed by Santha Kumar and produced by M. K. Thamizharasu.	Mouna Guru	2011
publication date	Dong Woo Animation and SBS Production produced Olympus Guardian Movie, an animated film adaptation of the series that was released on 2005.	Olympus Guardian	2005
publication date	Wretches & Jabberers is a 2010 American documentary film directed by Gerardine Wurzburg and produced by Wurzburg and Douglas Biklen about two autistic men who travel the world helping other autistic people break out of their isolation.	Wretches & Jabberers	2010
publication date	Don't Go in the House is a 1980 horror film written and directed by Joseph Ellison, and co-written by Ellen Hammill and Joe Masefield.	Don't Go in the House	1980
publication date	Lambert the Sheepish Lion is a Disney animated short film that was released in 1952.	Lambert the Sheepish Lion	1952
publication date	Target Kolkata is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Kartick Singh, produced by Shyamol Biswas and presented by SRB Films.	Target Kolkata	2013
publication date	Gurjar Veer is a 1932 silent film by director Dhirubhai Desai.	Gurjar Veer	1932
publication date	Ungeküsst soll man nicht schlafen gehn (You should not go to sleep unkissed) is a 1936 Austrian comedy film.	Ungeküsst soll man nicht schlafen gehn	1936
publication date	Ragini IPS (Kannada: ರಾಗಿಣಿ ಐ.ಪಿ.ಎಸ್) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action film directed by Anand P. Raju and produced by K. Manju.	Ragini IPS	2014
publication date	Marisol rumbo a Río is a 1963 Spanish musical film.	Marisol rumbo a Río	1963
publication date	Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye (English: I want justice) is an Indian Bollywood film directed by T. Rama Rao , produced by D. V. S. Raju released on 23 September 1983.	Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye	1983
publication date	Osmondagi bolalar (Russian: Мальчики в небе; Malchiki v nebe) is a 2002 Uzbek comedy film.	Osmondagi bolalar	2002
publication date	Box 25 (Spanish: Caja 25) is a 2015 Panamanian documentary film directed by Mercedes Arias and Delfina Vidal.	Box 25	2015
publication date	Taking Five is a 2007 film about two high school girls who kidnap a pop rock band.	Taking Five	2007
publication date	Nee Tata Naa Birla (Kannada: ನೀ ಟಾಟಾ ನಾ ಬಿರ್ಲಾ) is a 2008 Indian Kannada comedy film directed and scripted by Nagendra Magadi.	Nee Tata Naa Birla	2008
publication date	Música, mujeres y amor (``Music, Women and Love'') is a 1952 Mexican film.	Música, mujeres y amor	1952
publication date	Space Station 3D (simply known as Space Station in 2D format) is a 2002 Canadian-American 3D short documentary film about the International Space Station written, produced, edited, and directed by Toni Myers.	Space Station 3D	2002
publication date	The ChubbChubbs! is a 2002 American computer-animated comedy short film by Sony Pictures Imageworks.	The ChubbChubbs!	2002
publication date	Modern Virgin (Italian: Vergine moderna) is a 1954 Italian film.	Modern Virgin	1954
publication date	Abdullajon or Abdulladzhan, ili posvyashchaetsya Stivenu Spilbergu (transliteration of the Russian title of the film meaning ``Abdullajon or Dedicated to Steven Spielberg'') is a 1991 Uzbek science fiction comedy film directed by Zulfiqor Musoqov.	Abdullajon	1991
publication date	Working for Peanuts is a 1953 animated short produced by Walt Disney.	Working for Peanuts	1953
publication date	Nurse 3D is a 2013 American 3D horror film directed by Doug Aarniokoski and written by David Loughery.	Nurse 3D	2013
publication date	The Christmas Ornament is a 2013 American holiday romance television film directed by Mark Jean and starring Kellie Martin, Cameron Mathison, and Jewel Staite.	The Christmas Ornament	2013
publication date	A Little South of Heaven is Australian live television play which aired in 1961 on ABC.	A Little South of Heaven	1961
publication date	Paraya Dhan (Devanagari: पराया धन (Parāyā dhana); English: Estranged Money) is a 1971 Bollywood film directed by Rajendra Bhatia.	Paraya Dhan	1971
publication date	A Taste of Catnip is a Merrie Melodies cartoon from 1966.	A Taste of Catnip	1966
publication date	Une vieille maîtresse (An old mistress) is an 1851 novel by the French writer Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly.	Une vieille maîtresse	1851
publication date	Muqaddar Ka Sikandar (Hindi: मुकद्दर का सिकंदर, English: Conqueror of Destiny) is a 1978 Indian Hindi drama film.	Muqaddar Ka Sikandar	1978
publication date	Making Photoplays in Egypt is a 1912 American silent documentary produced by Kalem Company and distributed by General Film Company.	Making Photoplays in Egypt	1912
publication date	Ready, Set, Zoom! is a 1955 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner (released April 30, 1955).	Ready, Set, Zoom!	1955
publication date	Chupacabra vs. The Alamo is a 2013 made-for-TV movie about a pack of Chupacabra that use a tunnel to escape from Mexico to San Antonio, Texas.	Chupacabra vs. The Alamo	2013
publication date	A sequel called Genius Party Beyond was released on February 15, 2008, and includes most of the films which were finished but not included in the original Genius Party.	Genius Party	2008
publication date	Evil Brain from Outer Space is a 1964 film edited together for American television from films #7, #8 and #9 of the Japanese short film series Super Giant filmed in 1958.	Evil Brain from Outer Space	1964
publication date	Sahasame Jeevitham (English: Life is an Adventure) is a 1984 Telugu, Philosophical film produced Vimal Kumar & Vijaya Lakshmi by on Gaja Lakshmi Combines banner, directed by Bharati-Vasu.	Sahasame Jeevitham	1984
publication date	Forgotten Pills is a 2010 American indie film written and directed by David Hefner.	Forgotten Pills	2010
publication date	Ai le zhongnian (Chinese: 哀乐中年; pinyin: Aī lè zhōngnián; literally: ``The Sorrows and Joys of Middle Age'') is a Chinese film released in 1949 and directed by Sang Hu (桑弧).	Ai le zhongnian	1949
publication date	War Wind is a 1996 real-time strategy game in the vein of Warcraft II:	War Wind	1996
publication date	Suppressed Duck is a 1965 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon starring Daffy Duck.	Suppressed Duck	1965
publication date	The Virginity Hit is a 2010 comedy film produced by Adam McKay and Will Ferrell, and directed by Huck Botko and Andrew Gurland.	The Virginity Hit	2010
publication date	Classified X is a 1998 French-US documentary movie written by Melvin Van Peebles, directed by Mark Daniels and narrated by Van Peebles, that details the history of black people in American cinema throughout the 20th century.	Classified X	1998
publication date	Emperor's Holidays (Chinese: 爸爸的假期) is a 2015 Chinese family film directed by Wang Yuelun.	Emperor's Holidays	2015
publication date	Under the Red Sea is a 1952 American documentary film about the attempts of Austrian marine biologist Hans Hass to record the sounds of marine animals in the Red Sea.	Under the Red Sea	1952
publication date	In 2012, Cringely released the full interview that Steve Jobs gave in 1995 for Triumph of the Nerds as the film Steve Jobs:	Triumph of the Nerds	2012
publication date	Beyond All Boundaries is a 2009 short film depicting the battles of World War II. The film is shown in 4-D, and includes archive footage and special effects.	Beyond All Boundaries	2009
publication date	Buddy's Beer Garden is an American animated short film, released November 18, 1933 (though at least one source gives November 11 as the date.)	Buddy's Beer Garden	1933
publication date	Our Story Our Voice is a 2007 independent political documentary that looks at the social tension in the world today.	Our Story Our Voice	2007
screenwriter	Raging Sun, Raging Sky (Spanish: Rabioso sol, rabioso cielo) is a 2009 Mexican film made in 2008, written and directed by Julián Hernández.	Raging Sun, Raging Sky	Julián Hernández
screenwriter	La morte risale a ieri sera is a 1970 giallo film directed by Duccio Tessari.	La morte risale a ieri sera	Duccio Tessari
screenwriter	How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman (Portuguese: Como Era Gostoso o Meu Francês) is a Brazilian black comedy directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos released in 1971.	How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
screenwriter	World of Glory is a 1991 Swedish short film written and directed by Roy Andersson.	World of Glory	Roy Andersson
screenwriter	Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman (Hindi: राजू बन गया जेन्टलमैन, English: Raju Became A Gentleman) is a 1992 Bollywood comedy movie directed by Aziz Mirza starring Juhi Chawla, Shahrukh Khan, Nana Patekar and Amrita Singh.	Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman	Aziz Mirza
screenwriter	Hard Luck Hero is a 2003 Japanese film written and directed by Japanese film director Sabu to showcase the Japanese boy band V6.	Hard Luck Hero	Sabu
screenwriter	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 (also known as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2 and Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2: The Buzz is Back) is a 1986 American horror dark comedy slasher film, directed by Tobe Hooper.	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2	Tobe Hooper
screenwriter	The Christmas Tango is based on the novel by Yannis Xanthoulis.	Christmas Tango	Yannis Xanthoulis
screenwriter	Conversations with My Gardener (French: Dialogue avec mon jardinier) is a 2007 French film directed by Jean Becker.	Conversations with My Gardener	Jean Becker
screenwriter	The Clemenceau Affair (Italian: Il processo Clémenceau) is a 1917 silent Italian adventure film directed by Alfredo De Antoni.	The Clemenceau Affair	Alfredo De Antoni
screenwriter	``The Battle at Shadow Ridge'' was directed by Michael Grossman and written by David Graziano, who creator Richard Hatem described as having the most interesting past of anyone on the Miracles production team, ``who was willing to share, anyway''.	The Battle at Shadow Ridge	David Graziano
screenwriter	The Possessors (French: Les Grandes familles) is a 1958 French drama film directed by Denys de La Patellière, starring Jean Gabin, Pierre Brasseur, Bernard Blier, Jean Desailly, Françoise Christophe and Annie Ducaux.	The Possessors	Denys de La Patellière
screenwriter	Degueyo (also known as De Guello, Deguejo and Deguello) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giuseppe Vari.	Degueyo	Giuseppe Vari
screenwriter	Lymelife is a 2008 independent comedy-drama film written by brothers Derick Martini and Steven Martini, and directed by Derick Martini, depicting aspects of their life in 1970s Long Island from the perspective of a teenager.	Lymelife	Derick Martini
screenwriter	Texas, Adios (Italian: Texas, addio) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Franco Nero.	Texas, Adios	Ferdinando Baldi
screenwriter	Kathai Thiraikathai Vasanam Iyakkam (English: Story, Screenplay, Dialogue, Direction; also referred to as KTVI) is a 2014 Tamil art film written and directed by R. Parthiepan and produced by K. Chandramohan.	Kathai Thiraikathai Vasanam Iyakkam	R. Parthiepan
screenwriter	13 Tzameti is a 2005 suspense thriller film written and directed by Georgian filmmaker Géla Babluani.	13 Tzameti	Géla Babluani
screenwriter	Her Big Chance is a dramatic monologue written by Alan Bennett in 1987 for television, as part of his Talking Heads series for the BBC.	Her Big Chance	Alan Bennett
screenwriter	Beware of the Car (Russian: Береги́сь автомоби́ля, translit. Beregis Avtomobilya, US titles Uncommon Thief, or Watch out for the Automobile) is a Soviet 1966 crime comedy-drama film directed by Eldar Ryazanov, based on a screenplay by Emil Braginsky and produced by the Mosfilm.	Beware of the Car	Eldar Ryazanov	Emil Braginsky
screenwriter	The Passion of the Christ (sometimes referred to as The Passion) is a 2004 American epic biblical drama film directed by Mel Gibson and starring Jim Caviezel as Jesus Christ.	The Passion of the Christ	Mel Gibson
screenwriter	It Follows is a 2014 American supernatural horror film written and directed by David Robert Mitchell, and starring Maika Monroe.	It Follows	David Robert Mitchell
screenwriter	From Corleone to Brooklyn (original title: Da Corleone a Brooklyn) is an Italian crime thriller directed by Umberto Lenzi.	From Corleone to Brooklyn	Umberto Lenzi
screenwriter	Natural Born Killers is a 1994 American satirical black comedy crime film directed by Oliver Stone and starring Woody Harrelson, Juliette Lewis, Robert Downey, Jr., Tom Sizemore, and Tommy Lee Jones.	Natural Born Killers	Oliver Stone
screenwriter	To Save Her Soul is a 1909 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Mary Pickford.	To Save Her Soul	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	The Miracle in Valby (Swedish: Miraklet i Valby) is a 1989 Danish-Swedish drama film written and directed by Åke Sandgren, and starring Jakob Katz, Troels Asmussen, Lina Englund, and Amalie Ihle Alstrup (da).	The Miracle in Valby	Åke Sandgren
screenwriter	Sotto il segno dello scorpione (internationally released as Under the Sign of Scorpio) is a 1969 Italian drama film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.	Under the Sign of Scorpio	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
screenwriter	Napoleon at Saint Helena (German: Napoleon auf Sankt Helena) is a 1929 German silent historical film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Werner Krauss, Hanna Ralph and Albert Bassermann.	Napoleon at Saint Helena	Lupu Pick
screenwriter	Dance Hall Racket is a 1953 American film directed by Phil Tucker starring Lenny Bruce (who also wrote the script) and his wife Honey Harlow.	Dance Hall Racket	Lenny Bruce
screenwriter	Peggio per me... meglio per te (Italian for Worse for me ... better for you) is a 1967 Italian musicarello film directed by Bruno Corbucci.	Peggio per me... meglio per te	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	Invisible Waves (Thai: คำพิพากษาของมหาสมุทร) is a 2006 crime film by Thai director Pen-Ek Ratanaruang, with screenplay by Prabda Yoon, cinematography by Christopher Doyle, and starring Tadanobu Asano -- all people that Pen-Ek had worked with on his previous film, Last Life in the Universe.	Invisible Waves	Prabda Yoon
screenwriter	Monster Maker is 45-minute television special, adapted by Matthew Jacobs from the novel of the same name by Nicholas Fisk.	Monster Maker	Matthew Jacobs	Nicholas Fisk
screenwriter	Le motorizzate (``The motorized women'') is a 1963 Italian anthology comedy film written and directed by Marino Girolami.	Le motorizzate	Marino Girolami
screenwriter	Hercules Against the Sons of the Sun (Italian: Ercole contro i figli del sole, Spanish: Hércules contra los hijos del Sol, also known as Hercules Vs. the Sons of the Sun) is a 1964 Italian-Spanish peplum film written and directed by Osvaldo Civirani.	Hercules Against the Sons of the Sun	Osvaldo Civirani
screenwriter	Workingman's Death is a 2005 Austrian-German documentary film written and directed by Michael Glawogger.	Workingman's Death	Michael Glawogger
screenwriter	Nell'anno del Signore (English title: The Conspirators) is a 1969 Italian film written and directed by Luigi Magni.	Nell'anno del Signore	Luigi Magni
screenwriter	Med dej i mina armar (English: With You in My Arms) is a 1945 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Med dej i mina armar	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	French Roast is a 2008 French computer-animated short created by Fabrice O. Joubert.	French Roast	Fabrice O. Joubert
screenwriter	Medea Miracle (French: Médée Miracle) is a 2007 French-Italian drama film directed by Tonino De Bernardi and starring Isabelle Huppert.	Medea Miracle	Tonino De Bernardi
screenwriter	Go West, Young Man is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Mae West, Warren William, and Randolph Scott.	Go West, Young Man	Mae West
screenwriter	The Miracle of St. Anne was a short film, now lost, made by Orson Welles.	The Miracle of St. Anne	Orson Welles
screenwriter	My Sex Life... or How I Got into an Argument (French: Comment je me suis disputé... (ma vie sexuelle)) is a 1996 French drama film directed by Arnaud Desplechin.	My Sex Life... or How I Got into an Argument	Arnaud Desplechin
screenwriter	Cradle Will Rock is a 1999 American historical drama film written, produced and directed by Tim Robbins.	Cradle Will Rock	Tim Robbins
screenwriter	Bonnie Scotland is a 1935 American film starring Laurel and Hardy, produced by Hal Roach for Hal Roach Studios and directed by James W. Horne.	Bonnie Scotland	James W. Horne
screenwriter	Jackie Brown is a 1997 American crime thriller film written, produced and directed by Quentin Tarantino, and his third feature film.	Jackie Brown	Quentin Tarantino
screenwriter	Crimes and Misdemeanors is a 1989 American existential comedy-drama film written, directed by and co-starring Woody Allen, alongside Martin Landau, Mia Farrow, Anjelica Huston, Jerry Orbach, Alan Alda, Sam Waterston and Joanna Gleason.	Crimes and Misdemeanors	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Mabel at the Wheel is a 1914 American motion picture starring Charles Chaplin and Mabel Normand, and directed by Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett.	Mabel at the Wheel	Mabel Normand	Mack Sennett
screenwriter	Mince alors! is a 2012 French comedy film, directed by Charlotte de Turckheim and starring Lola Dewaere, Victoria Abril and Catherine Hosmalin.	Mince alors!	Charlotte de Turckheim
screenwriter	Les Anarchistes (English: The Anarchists) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Elie Wajeman and co-written with Gaëlle Macé.	Les Anarchistes	Elie Wajeman
screenwriter	Reality Horror Night is a 2009 horror comedy film created by Sean Pomper and directed by Douglas Elford Argent who wrote it with Nicholas Mark Harding.	Reality Horror Night	Nicholas Mark Harding
screenwriter	Noi the Albino (Icelandic: Nói albinói ( pronunciation )) is an Icelandic film by director Dagur Kári released in 2003.	Noi the Albino	Dagur Kári
screenwriter	A Thousand Clowns is a 1965 film adaptation from a 1962 play by Herb Gardner, and directed by Fred Coe.	A Thousand Clowns	Herb Gardner
screenwriter	Gypsy Melody is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Lupe Velez, Alfred Rode and Jerry Verno.	Gypsy Melody	Alfred Rode
screenwriter	Una gita scolastica (internationally released as A School Outing) is a 1983 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Pupi Avati.	A School Outing	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	Oedipus Orca is a 1977 Italian sexploitation-thriller directed by Eriprando Visconti.	Oedipus Orca	Eriprando Visconti
screenwriter	Clouds of Sils Maria (known simply as Sils Maria in some territories) is a 2014 drama film written and directed by Olivier Assayas, and starring Juliette Binoche, Kristen Stewart, and Chloë Grace Moretz.	Clouds of Sils Maria	Olivier Assayas
screenwriter	The Murder Trial of Doctor Jordan (German:Mordprozeß Dr. Jordan) is a 1949 West German crime film directed by Erich Engels and starring Rudolf Fernau, Maria Holst and Margarete Haagen.	The Murder Trial of Doctor Jordan	Erich Engels
screenwriter	In Prison My Whole Life is a 2007 documentary film about Mumia Abu-Jamal, directed by Marc Evans, and written by Evans and William Francome.	In Prison My Whole Life	Marc Evans
screenwriter	Immortal Love (Japanese : 永遠の人 / Eien no hito) is a 1961 Japanese drama film directed by Keisuke Kinoshita.	Immortal Love	Keisuke Kinoshita
screenwriter	The Psychopath is a 1966 film directed by Freddie Francis and written by Robert Bloch.	The Psychopath	Freddie Francis
screenwriter	Pierino contro tutti (also known as Desirable Teacher) is a 1981 comedy film directed by Marino Girolami.	Pierino contro tutti	Marino Girolami
screenwriter	Written by Casey Robinson, and based on the novel Saratoga Trunk by Edna Ferber, the film is about a Texas gambler and a Creole daughter of an aristocratic family who work together to seek justice from a society that has rejected them.	Saratoga Trunk	Casey Robinson
screenwriter	Klassfesten (``The Class Reunion'') is a 2002 Swedish comedy/drama film written and directed by Måns Herngren and Hannes Holm.	Klassfesten	Måns Herngren
screenwriter	Who's That Knocking at My Door, originally titled I Call First, is a 1967 drama film, written and directed by Martin Scorsese, in his feature film directorial debut.	Who's That Knocking at My Door	Martin Scorsese
screenwriter	``Day of the Jackanapes'' was written by Al Jean and directed by Michael Marcantel and features recurring guest star Kelsey Grammer as Sideshow Bob, as well as Gary Coleman as himself.	Day of the Jackanapes	Al Jean
screenwriter	Boogie Nights is a 1997 American drama film written, produced and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.	Boogie Nights	Paul Thomas Anderson
screenwriter	Stuck in Love is a 2012 American independent romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Josh Boone.	Stuck in Love	Josh Boone
screenwriter	My Soul to Take (originally called 25/8) is a 2010 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Wes Craven.	My Soul to Take	Wes Craven
screenwriter	Damsels in Distress (original title: Violet Wister's Damsels in Distress and Whit Stillman's Damsels in Distress) is an American comedy film written and directed by Whit Stillman and starring Greta Gerwig, Adam Brody, and Analeigh Tipton.	Damsels in Distress	Whit Stillman
screenwriter	The Last Circus (Spanish: Balada Triste de Trompeta; ``Sad Trumpet Ballad'') is a 2010 Spanish dark comedy drama film written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia.	The Last Circus	Álex de la Iglesia
screenwriter	Mon Oncle (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃ nɔ̃kl); My Uncle) is a 1958 comedy film by French filmmaker Jacques Tati.	Mon Oncle	Jacques Tati
screenwriter	O Noviço Rebelde is a 1997 Brazilian comedy film written, produced and starring by Renato Aragão.	O Noviço Rebelde	Renato Aragão
screenwriter	The Star Packer is a 1934 Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, George ``Gabby'' Hayes, Yakima Canutt, and Verna Hillie.	The Star Packer	Robert N. Bradbury
screenwriter	The Saga of Gosta Berling (Swedish: Gösta Berlings saga) is a 1924 Swedish romantic drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller and released by AB Svensk Filmindustri, starring Lars Hanson, Gerda Lundequist and Greta Garbo in her native break-out role on film.	The Saga of Gosta Berling	Mauritz Stiller
screenwriter	Wedding Daze (also known as The Pleasure of Your Company and The Next Girl I See) is a 2006 romantic comedy movie, written and directed by Michael Ian Black.	Wedding Daze	Michael Ian Black
screenwriter	Serious as Pleasure (French: Sérieux comme le plaisir) is a 1975 French drama film directed by Robert Benayoun.	Serious as Pleasure	Robert Benayoun
screenwriter	Law Breakers (French: Les Assassins de l'ordre) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Marcel Carné.	Law Breakers	Marcel Carné
screenwriter	Session 9 is a 2001 American independent psychological horror film directed by Brad Anderson and written by Anderson and Stephen Gevedon.	Session 9	Brad Anderson
screenwriter	Peppino, le modelle e chella là is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Gino Bramieri.	Peppino, le modelle e chella là	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	Forbidden Paths is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by Robert Thornby and written by Beatrice DeMille, Leighton Osmun and Eve Unsell.	Forbidden Paths	Beatrice DeMille
screenwriter	Thalaivaa (English: Leader) is a 2013 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by A. L. Vijay.	Thalaivaa	A. L. Vijay
screenwriter	Blind Mountain (Chinese: 盲山; pinyin: Máng shān) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Li Yang and is Li's first feature film since his 2003 debut Blind Shaft.	Blind Mountain	Li Yang
screenwriter	Being at Home with Claude is a 1992 Canadian drama film directed by Jean Beaudin and based on the play by René-Daniel Dubois.	Being at Home with Claude	Jean Beaudin
screenwriter	Last Days in the Desert is an American drama film about the temptation of Christ, directed and written by Rodrigo García.	Last Days in the Desert	Rodrigo García
screenwriter	Presos is a 2015 Costa Rican drama film directed by Esteban Ramírez.	Presos	Esteban Ramírez
screenwriter	Benvenuti al Nord (English: Welcome to the North) is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Luca Miniero.	Benvenuti al Nord	Luca Miniero
screenwriter	Krrish ((ˈkrɪʃ)) is a 2006 Indian science fiction superhero film directed, produced, and written by Rakesh Roshan, and starring Hrithik Roshan, Priyanka Chopra, Rekha and Naseeruddin Shah.	Krrish	Rakesh Roshan
screenwriter	The Vesuvians (Italian: I vesuviani) is a 1997 Italian anthology film directed by Antonio Capuano, Pappi Corsicato, Antonietta de Lillo, Stefano Incerti and Mario Martone.	The Vesuvians	Antonio Capuano	Stefano Incerti	Mario Martone
screenwriter	Sapore di mare 2 - Un anno dopo is a 1983 Italian teen romantic comedy film directed by Bruno Cortini.	Sapore di mare 2 - Un anno dopo	Bruno Cortini
screenwriter	La corsa dell'innocente (internationally released as Flight of the Innocent) is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Carlei.	Flight of the Innocent	Carlo Carlei
screenwriter	Summer Interlude (Swedish: Sommarlek) is a 1951 Swedish drama film co-written and directed by Ingmar Bergman.	Summer Interlude	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	The Rose of Granada (Italian:La rosa di Granata) is a 1916 Italian silent film directed by Emilio Ghione and starring Ida Carloni Talli, Lina Cavalieri and Diomira Jacobini.	The Rose of Granada	Emilio Ghione
screenwriter	Sunday's Children (Swedish: Söndagsbarn) is a 1992 Swedish drama film directed by Daniel Bergman and written by Ingmar Bergman.	Sunday's Children	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Thenali is a 2000 Indian Tamil comedy-drama film directed by K. S. Ravikumar and written by Crazy Mohan.	Thenali	K. S. Ravikumar
screenwriter	Alambrista! is a 1977 film directed by Robert M. Young.	Alambrista!	Robert M. Young
screenwriter	Chiedimi se sono felice is a 2000 Italian comedy film directed by Aldo, Giovanni & Giacomo.	Chiedimi se sono felice	Aldo, Giovanni & Giacomo
screenwriter	The Five-Year Engagement is a 2012 American romantic comedy-drama co-written, directed, and produced by Nicholas Stoller.	The Five-Year Engagement	Nicholas Stoller
screenwriter	As I Open My Eyes (French: À peine j'ouvre les yeux) is a 2015 French-Tunisian drama film directed by Leyla Bouzid.	As I Open My Eyes	Leyla Bouzid
screenwriter	Eisenstein in Guanajuato is a 2015 internationally co-produced drama film written and directed by Peter Greenaway.	Eisenstein in Guanajuato	Peter Greenaway
screenwriter	A Secret (French: Un secret) is a 2007 French film directed and written by Claude Miller.	A Secret	Claude Miller
screenwriter	Blame It on the Bellboy is a 1992 British-American film comedy written and directed by Mark Herman, revolving around a case of mistaken identity of three individuals with similar sounding surnames staying at the same hotel.	Blame It on the Bellboy	Mark Herman
screenwriter	Al bar dello sport (At the Bar Sport) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Massaro.	Al bar dello sport	Francesco Massaro
screenwriter	La stella che non c'è (English title: The Missing Star) is an Italian 2006 drama film written and directed by Gianni Amelio.	The Missing Star	Gianni Amelio
screenwriter	Chasing Eagle Rock is a film directed by Erick Avari and starring Michael Welch, Erick Avari, Rafael Morais, Edgar Morais, and Robert Cicchini.	Chasing Eagle Rock	Erick Avari
screenwriter	Perdita Durango, released as Dance with the Devil in the United States, is a 1997 Spanish crime-drama film directed by Álex de la Iglesia, based on Barry Gifford's novel 59° and Raining:	Perdita Durango	Álex de la Iglesia	Barry Gifford
screenwriter	A Crime (French title: Un crime) is a 2006 thriller film directed by Manuel Pradal, written by Pradal and Tonino Benacquista, and starring Emmanuelle Béart.	A Crime	Tonino Benacquista
screenwriter	Edward Scissorhands is a 1990 American romantic dark fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp.	Edward Scissorhands	Tim Burton
screenwriter	Mon cœur t'appelle (aka: My Heart Is Calling You or Mein Herz ruft nach dir) is a 1934 French musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and Serge Véber, written by Ernst Marischka, produced by Arnold Pressburger.	Mon cœur t'appelle	Ernst Marischka
screenwriter	Return of Sabata (Italian: È tornato Sabata ... hai chiuso un'altra volta, roughly translated as Sabata is back ... to end another time) is a 1971 Spaghetti Western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini.	Return of Sabata	Gianfranco Parolini
screenwriter	The House on Garibaldi Street is a 1979 American television movie based on the non-fiction book of the same name, written by Isser Harel.	The House on Garibaldi Street	Isser Harel
screenwriter	Artists and Models marked the first time Lewis worked with former Looney Tunes director Frank Tashlin, whom he admired greatly.	Artists and Models	Frank Tashlin
screenwriter	Secrets of Women (Swedish: Kvinnors väntan; also known as Waiting Women) is a 1952 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	Secrets of Women	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	House of Pleasure for Women (Italian: Bordella) is a 1976 satirical comedy film written and directed by Pupi Avati and starring Gigi Proietti, Christian De Sica, Al Lettieri, Gianni Cavina and Vincent Gardenia.	House of Pleasure for Women	Pupi Avati	Gianni Cavina
screenwriter	My Grandfather's People (Turkish: Dedemin İnsanları) is a 2011 Turkish drama film directed by Çağan Irmak.	My Grandfather's People	Çağan Irmak
screenwriter	The Black Bomber (Serbian: Црни бомбардер, Crni Bombarder) is a 1992 Yugoslavian drama film by Serbian director Darko Bajić.	The Black Bomber	Darko Bajić
screenwriter	The Baron of Arizona is a 1950 film by Samuel Fuller and starring Vincent Price.	The Baron of Arizona	Samuel Fuller
screenwriter	Stories of Lost Souls is a compilation of eight cinematic stories of lonely souls in unexpected situations starring many of cinema's biggest names including Josh Hartnett, Hugh Jackman, Keira Knightley, Cate Blanchett, James Gandolfini, Paul Bettany, Illeana Douglas and directed by eight different directors including Deborra-Lee Furness and Mark Palansky.	Stories of Lost Souls	Deborra-Lee Furness
screenwriter	Tirza is a 2010 Dutch drama film directed by Rudolf van den Berg and based on the Dutch bestseller of the same name by Arnon Grunberg.	Tirza	Rudolf van den Berg
screenwriter	Iris and the Lieutenant (Swedish: Iris och löjtnantshjärta) is a 1946 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg and starring Mai Zetterling, Alf Kjellin and Åke Claesson.	Iris and the Lieutenant	Alf Sjöberg
screenwriter	Far och flyg is a 1955 Swedish film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer.	Far och flyg	Gösta Bernhard
screenwriter	Time of the Gypsies (Serbian: Дом за вешање, Dom za vešanje, literally ``Home for Hanging'') is a 1988 Yugoslav film by Yugoslav director Emir Kusturica.	Time of the Gypsies	Emir Kusturica
screenwriter	Shoot on Sight is a 2007 film directed by Jag Mundhra and produced by Aron Govil.	Shoot on Sight	Jag Mundhra
screenwriter	The film, adapted by Kevin Elyot from Isherwood's autobiography Christopher and His Kind, was produced by Mammoth Screen and directed by Geoffrey Sax.	Christopher and His Kind	Kevin Elyot
screenwriter	She Creature (originally billed as Mermaid Chronicles Part 1: She Creature) is a 2001 television film starring Rufus Sewell, Carla Gugino and Rya Kihlstedt and directed by Sebastian Gutierrez .	She Creature	Sebastian Gutierrez
screenwriter	Chicken with Vinegar (French: Poulet au vinaigre) is a 1985 French crime film directed by Claude Chabrol.	Chicken with Vinegar	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Swinging with the Finkels is a 2011 British comedy film directed by Jonathan Newman, starring Mandy Moore, Martin Freeman and Melissa George.	Swinging with the Finkels	Jonathan Newman
screenwriter	The Cannibal Man (Spanish La Semana del asesino, literally ``Week of the Killer'') is a 1972 horror film, directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and written by de la Iglesia and Antonio Fos.	The Cannibal Man	Eloy de la Iglesia
screenwriter	Only a Mother (Swedish: Bara en mor) is a 1949 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg.	Only a Mother	Alf Sjöberg
screenwriter	Les Rendez-vous d'Anna (English: ``The Meetings of Anna'') is a 1979 French-Belgian-West German film by the Belgian film director Chantal Akerman.	Les Rendez-vous d'Anna	Chantal Akerman
screenwriter	The Actress is an 1953 American comedy-drama film based on Ruth Gordon's autobiographical play Years Ago.	The Actress	Ruth Gordon
screenwriter	Las Abandonadas (``The Abandoned'') is a Mexican film of 1945, directed by Emilio Fernández, starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz.	Las Abandonadas	Emilio Fernández
screenwriter	Smiles of a Summer Night (Swedish: Sommarnattens leende) is a 1955 Swedish comedy film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	Smiles of a Summer Night	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	The Five Obstructions is a 2003 Danish documentary film directed by Lars von Trier and Jørgen Leth.	The Five Obstructions	Lars von Trier	Jørgen Leth
screenwriter	Viva Villa! is a 1934 American Pre-Code film starring Wallace Beery as Pancho Villa and was written by Ben Hecht, adapted from the book Viva Villa!.	Viva Villa!	Ben Hecht
screenwriter	Thunder Warrior (Italian: Thunder, also known as Drug Traffikers) is a 1983 Italian action film written and directed by Fabrizio De Angelis (credited as Larry Ludman).	Thunder Warrior	Fabrizio De Angelis
screenwriter	Arme, syndige menneske (English: Poor, sinful man) is a 1980 Norwegian drama film directed by Egil Kolstø, starring Svein Scharffenberg and Anne Marie Ottersen.	Arme, syndige menneske	Egil Kolstø
screenwriter	Ozhimuri (Malayalam: ഒഴിമുറി, English: A Document of Separation) is a 2012 Malayalam-language Indian film written by Jeyamohan and directed by Madhupal, starring Lal, Mallika, Asif Ali, Bhavana and Shweta Menon in lead roles.	Ozhimuri	Jeyamohan
screenwriter	Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch, and starring Tom Hiddleston, Tilda Swinton, Mia Wasikowska, Anton Yelchin, Jeffrey Wright, Slimane Dazi, and John Hurt.	Only Lovers Left Alive	Jim Jarmusch
screenwriter	A Real Young Girl (French: Une vraie jeune fille) is a 1976 French drama about a 14-year-old girl's sexual awakening, written and directed by Catherine Breillat.	A Real Young Girl	Catherine Breillat
screenwriter	A Summer Dress (French: Une robe d'été) is a 1996 short film directed by François Ozon about a lagging gay relationship that is refueled in an unexpected way.	A Summer Dress	François Ozon
screenwriter	The Ice Harvest is a 2005 thriller comedy film directed by Harold Ramis and written by Richard Russo and Robert Benton, based on the novel of the same name by Scott Phillips.	The Ice Harvest	Richard Russo	Robert Benton
screenwriter	Ruang Talok 69 (Thai: เรื่องตลก 69, English: 6ixtynin9 or A Funny Story About 6 and 9), is a 1999 Thai crime film written and directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang.	Ruang Talok 69	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
screenwriter	Time Piece is a 1965 experimental short film directed, written, produced by and starring Jim Henson.	Time Piece	Jim Henson
screenwriter	Adam & Steve is a 2005 gay romantic comedy film directed by and starring Craig Chester, who also wrote the screenplay.	Adam & Steve	Craig Chester
screenwriter	So This Is College is a 1929 American comedy film directed by Sam Wood and written by Al Boasberg, Delmer Daves and Joseph Farnham.	So This Is College	Al Boasberg	Delmer Daves	Joseph Farnham
screenwriter	The Golden Claw is a 1915 American dramatic film produced by Thomas H. Ince, written by C. Gardner Sullivan, and directed by Reginald Barker.	The Golden Claw	C. Gardner Sullivan
screenwriter	Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss is a 1998 American independent, gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Tommy O'Haver and starring Sean P. Hayes, Brad Rowe, and Meredith Scott Lynn.	Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss	Tommy O'Haver
screenwriter	L'amore nasce a Roma (i.e. ``Love was born in Rome'') is a 1958 Italian comedy film written and directed by Mario Amendola and starring Claudio Villa, Antonio Cifariello, Rossella Como and Valeria Moriconi.	L'amore nasce a Roma	Mario Amendola
screenwriter	Telling Lies in America is a 1997 drama film directed by Guy Ferland and written by Joe Eszterhas.	Telling Lies in America	Joe Eszterhas
screenwriter	The Sons of Eilaboun (Arabic: أبناء عيلبون ) is a 2007 documentary film by Palestinian artist and film maker Hisham Zreiq (Zrake), that tells the story of the Nakba in Eilaboun and Eilabun massacre, which was committed by the Israeli army during Operation Hiram in October 1948.	The Sons of Eilaboun	Hisham Zreiq
screenwriter	According to Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo, Daft Punk's Electroma had been an unplanned extension of filming videos for the Human After All album.	Daft Punk's Electroma	Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo
screenwriter	The script was written by Milton Subotsky, from a short story by Robert Bloch, ``The Skull of the Marquis de Sade''.	The Skull	Milton Subotsky
screenwriter	The Dust of Time (Greek: Η Σκόνη του Χρόνου) is a 2008 Greek drama film written and directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos, starring Willem Dafoe, Irène Jacob, Bruno Ganz, Michel Piccoli, and Christiane Paul.	The Dust of Time	Theodoros Angelopoulos
screenwriter	Il ratto delle sabine (English: Romulus and the Sabines) is an Italian adventure comedy film from 1961, directed by Richard Pottier, written by Edoardo Anton, starring Roger Moore and Jean Marais.	Romulus and the Sabines	Edoardo Anton
screenwriter	Rencontre avec le dragon (also known as ``The Red Knight'') is a French film directed by Hélène Angel.	Rencontre avec le dragon	Hélène Angel
screenwriter	Dreszcze (Polish pronunciation: (ˈdrɛʂt͡ʂɛ), Shivers) is a 1981 Polish drama film directed by Wojciech Marczewski.	Dreszcze	Wojciech Marczewski
screenwriter	Palermo Shooting is a 2008 film written and directed by German director Wim Wenders, and starring Campino, Dennis Hopper, Giovanna Mezzogiorno, Lou Reed as himself, and an uncredited Milla Jovovich, also playing herself.	Palermo Shooting	Wim Wenders
screenwriter	L'armata Brancaleone (known in English-speaking countries as For Love and Gold or The Incredible Army of Brancaleone) is an Italian comedy movie released in 1966, written by the famous duo Age & Scarpelli and directed by Mario Monicelli.	L'armata Brancaleone	Age & Scarpelli	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Susan's Plan (also released as Dying to Get Rich on video) is a 1998 black comedy film directed by John Landis and starring Nastassja Kinski, Dan Aykroyd, Billy Zane, Rob Schneider, Lara Flynn Boyle and Michael Biehn.	Susan's Plan	John Landis
screenwriter	Iron Earth, Copper Sky (Turkish: Yer Demir Gök Bakır) is a 1987 German-Turkish drama film, written, produced and directed by Zülfü Livaneli based on the novel of the same name by Yaşar Kemal, featuring Rutkay Aziz as a simple villager elevated to sainthood status while still alive.	Iron Earth, Copper Sky	Yaşar Kemal
screenwriter	Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her is a film written and directed by Rodrigo García starring an ensemble cast.	Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her	Rodrigo García
screenwriter	The Art of Negative Thinking (Norwegian: Kunsten å tenke negativt) is a 2006 Norwegian black comedy film directed and written by Bård Breien.	The Art of Negative Thinking	Bård Breien
screenwriter	The Young Caruso is an 1951 Italian biographical film about Enrico Caruso, directed by Giacomo Gentilomo.	The Young Caruso	Giacomo Gentilomo
screenwriter	The Man from London (Hungarian: A londoni férfi) is a 2007 film by Hungarian director Béla Tarr.	The Man from London	Béla Tarr
screenwriter	Away We Go is a 2009 comedy-drama directed by Academy Award-winning director Sam Mendes and written by the husband-and-wife team of Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida.	Away We Go	Dave Eggers
screenwriter	Supercondriaque (also known as Superchondriac) is a 2014 French comedy film written and directed by Dany Boon.	Supercondriaque	Dany Boon
sport	The Canberra Royals Rugby Football Club is an Australian rugby union club, based in Canberra.	Canberra Royals	rugby union
sport	Paavo Nuotio (1901--1968) was a Finnish ski jumper and Nordic combined skier.	Paavo Nuotio	Nordic combined
sport	The Glasgow Rocks is a basketball team which competes in the British Basketball League (BBL).	Glasgow Rocks	basketball
sport	Devon van Oostrum (born 24 January 1993) is a British-Dutch professional basketball player who is currently a member of Arkadikos of the Greek Basket League, on loan from Laboral Kutxa Baskonia.	Devon van Oostrum	basketball
sport	Tawa AFC is an association football club in Tawa, Wellington, New Zealand.	Tawa AFC	association football
sport	The Tri-City Americans are a major junior ice hockey team of the Western Hockey League, based in Kennewick, Washington.	Tri-City Americans	ice hockey
sport	Thierry Dusautoir ((tjɛ.ʁi dy.so.twaʁ); born 18 November 1981) is a French rugby union player who currently plays for France at international level and Toulouse in the French Top 14 club competition.	Thierry Dusautoir	rugby union
sport	Stefan Hierländer (born February 3, 1991 in Villach, Carinthia) is an Austrian professional association football player.	Stefan Hierländer	association football
sport	Ian Vermaak (born 28 March 1933) is a former tennis player competing for South Africa.	Ian Vermaak	tennis
sport	The first game in National League history was played on April 22, 1876, at Philadelphia's Jefferson Street Grounds, 25th & Jefferson, between the Philadelphia Athletics and the Boston baseball club.	National League	baseball
sport	Carlo Recalcati (born September 11, 1945 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian professional basketball coach and a former player.	Carlo Recalcati	basketball
sport	The Grand Rapids Hoops was a basketball team that played in the Continental Basketball Association, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Grand Rapids Hoops	basketball
sport	The Hamburg Crocodiles are an ice hockey team in Hamburg, Germany.	Hamburg Crocodiles	ice hockey
sport	The Cyclo-cross Superprestige is a season-long cyclo-cross competition, consisting of around 8 rounds throughout the season in Belgium and the Netherlands.	Cyclo-cross Superprestige	cyclo-cross
sport	The Uniroyal International Championship, named for rubber corporation Uniroyal, was a golf tournament on the European Tour.	Uniroyal International Championship	golf
sport	Jan Muršak (born January 20, 1988) is a professional Slovenian ice hockey forward currently playing for CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Jan Muršak	ice hockey
sport	Georgios Apostolidis (alternate spelling: Giorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Αποστολίδης; born June 22, 1984) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Georgios Apostolidis	basketball
sport	The PDC World Darts Championship, organised by the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC), is one of the two World Professional Darts Championships held annually in the sport of darts.	PDC World Darts Championship	darts
sport	The Adidas Tango 12 was the official match association football of the UEFA Euro 2012, with variants being used for the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Adidas Tango 12	association football
sport	The Old Course at St Andrews is one of the oldest golf courses in the world, a public course over common land in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland.	Old Course at St Andrews	golf
sport	Courtney Sims (born October 21, 1983) is an American professional basketball player with the Busan KT Sonicboom.	Courtney Sims	basketball
sport	Nikola Dragović (born December 20, 1987) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Vanoli Cremona of the Italian Serie A. He played college basketball at UCLA.	Nikola Dragović	basketball
sport	Matthew Carraro (born 4 August 1984 in Gosford, Australia) is a rugby union player for the Waratahs in Super Rugby.	Matthew Carraro	rugby union
sport	Ryan Rau (born July 30, 1990) is an American football linebacker currently a Free Agent of the National Football League.	Ryan Rau	American football
sport	The 1964 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament involved 25 schools playing in single-elimination play to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division I college basketball in the United States.	1964 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Nicolás Pereira (born September 29, 1970 in Salto, Uruguay) is a former tennis player from Venezuela, who became International Tennis Federation Junior World Champion in 1988 after winning the French Open, Wimbledon and the US Open.	Nicolás Pereira	tennis
sport	Helena Suková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦɛlɛna ˈsukovaː)) (born 23 February 1965, in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Helena Suková	tennis
sport	Alfred Powlesland (7 August 1875 -- 25 February 1941) was an English cricket player.	Alfred Powlesland	cricket
sport	Rokometni Klub Celje (English: Celje Handball Club), currently named Celje Pivovarna Laško due to sponsorship reasons, and commonly referred to as RK Celje or simply Celje, is a handball club from Celje, Slovenia.	RK Celje	handball
sport	Carmine Nigro (/ˈnaɪɡroʊ/ NY-groh; January 2, 1910 -- August 16, 2001) was former World Champion Bobby Fischer's first chess teacher, from 1951-1956.	Carmine Nigro	chess
sport	Rabah Soudani (born 8 April 1985) is an Algerian handball player currently playing for Cherbourg and the Algerian National Team.	Rabah Soudani	handball
sport	The Auckland Lions were a rugby league club that had teams in both the New Zealand Bartercard Cup and the NSWRL Premier League.	Auckland Lions	rugby league
sport	Jiří Dudáček (born April 4, 1962) is a former professional ice hockey right wing.	Jiří Dudáček	ice hockey
sport	Milena Bajić (Serbian: Милена Бајић; born November 13, 1996) is Montenegrin basketball player.	Milena Bajić	basketball
sport	Goiás Esporte Clube, also known as Goiás, is a Brazilian sports club, best known for its association football team, located in Goiânia, Goiás state.	Goiás Esporte Clube	association football
sport	Nguyễn Thị Thanh An (born June 17, 1976) is a Vietnamese chess player, and a woman grandmaster.	Nguyễn Thị Thanh An	chess
sport	Neil Fingleton (born 18 December 1980) is an English actor and former basketball player.	Neil Fingleton	basketball
sport	Nell Fortner (born March 3, 1959) is the former women's college basketball coach at Auburn.	Nell Fortner	basketball
sport	Mactabene Amachree (born 30 January 1978 in Port Harcourt) is a former Nigerian professional basketball player.	Mactabene Amachree	basketball
sport	Woodville-West Torrens Football Club is an Australian rules football club playing in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Woodville-West Torrens Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The 2009 French Figure Skating Championships were the French Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season.	2009 French Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Toledo Blue Stockings formed as a minor league baseball team in Toledo, Ohio in 1883.	Toledo Blue Stockings	baseball
sport	Andreas Glyniadakis (alternate spelling: Gliniadakis) (Greek: Ανδρέας Γλυνιαδάκης; born August 26, 1981) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Nea Kifissia of the Greek Basket League.	Andreas Glyniadakis	basketball
sport	The Tasman Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union at the top of the South Island in New Zealand.	Tasman Rugby Union	rugby union
sport	The 2005 Africa Cup (Official name ``Top 9'') was the 6th edition of the continental rugby union tournament arranged by Confederation of African Rugby (CAR).	2005 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	MBK Ružomberok is a women's basketball club in Ružomberok.	MBK Ružomberok	basketball
sport	De Wet Barry (born 24 June 1978 in Ceres, Western Cape) is a former South African rugby union footballer who played 38 test matches for the South African national rugby union team the Springboks.	De Wet Barry	rugby union
sport	The Colac Imperials Football Netball Club are an Australian rules football club which compete in the Colac DFL since its founding in 1937.	Colac Imperials Football Netball Club	Australian rules football
sport	FK Dukla Prague (Czech: FK Dukla Praha) is a Czech association football club located in the Dejvice area of Prague.	FK Dukla Prague	association football
sport	Cornelia Nycke Groot (born 4 May 1988) is a Dutch handball player, who performs under the name Nycke Groot.	Nycke Groot	handball
sport	Chris Maragos (born January 6, 1987) is an American football special teamer for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).	Chris Maragos	American football
sport	Mario Ghella (born 23 June 1929) is a former Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.	Mario Ghella	track cycling
sport	ŽŠD Celje, also known as ŽNK Celje or NK Železničar Celje, was an association football club based in the city of Celje, Slovenia.	ŽŠD Celje	association football
sport	The 2015 ITF Men's Circuit is the 2015 edition of the entry level tour for men's professional tennis, and is the third tier tennis tour below the Association of Tennis Professionals, World Tour and Challenger Tour.	2015 ITF Men's Circuit	tennis
sport	The 1998 FIFA World Cup was the 16th FIFA World Cup, the world championship for men's national association football teams.	1998 FIFA World Cup	association football
sport	Aaron Lewicki (born July 30, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently a Free Agent.	Aaron Lewicki	ice hockey
sport	FC Kempten is German association football club based in Kempten, Bavaria.	FC Kempten	association football
sport	Stu Wilson (born 22 July 1954, in Gore) is a former New Zealand rugby union player.	Stu Wilson	rugby union
sport	The Delhi Open (formerly known as ONGC--GAIL Delhi Open) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	Delhi Open	tennis
sport	Eoin Reddan (born Limerick, Ireland, 20 November 1980) is an Irish rugby union player who plays at scrum half.	Eoin Reddan	rugby union
sport	Philippe Chatrier (French pronunciation: ​(filip ʃatʁije); 2 February 1926 -- 22 June 2000) was a French tennis player.	Philippe Chatrier	tennis
sport	Kevin Swiryn (born December 16, 1984 in San Jose, California) is an American rugby union player, who played for Agen in the French Top 14.	Kevin Swiryn	rugby union
sport	Antonis Fotsis (alternate spelling: Antonios, Greek: Αντώνης Φώτσης; born April 2, 1981) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Panathinaikos of the Greek League.	Antonis Fotsis	basketball
sport	The 2011 ATP World Tour Finals (also known as the 2011 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament that was played at the O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom between 20 and 27 November 2011.	2011 ATP World Tour Finals	tennis
sport	Morné Morkel (born 6 October 1984) is a cricketer who plays Test and limited overs cricket for South Africa and represents Kolkata Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League.	Morné Morkel	cricket
sport	Ivonne Teichmann (born 11 April 1977 in Zeulenroda) is a retired German athlete who specialised in the 800 metres.	Ivonne Teichmann	800 metres
sport	Laurie Daley AM (born 20 October 1969 in Junee, New South Wales) is a professional Australian rugby league football coach currently in charge of the New South Wales State of Origin team.	Laurie Daley	rugby league
sport	The 2008 BWF Super Series Masters Finals is the season ending tournament for 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2008 BWF Super Series Masters Finals	badminton
sport	Sajjan Singh Cheema is a former basketball player from India.	Sajjan Singh Cheema	basketball
sport	Karl Humenberger (25 October 1906 -- 28 December 1989) was an Austrian association football player and manager, the brother of fellow player Ferdinand Humenberger.	Karl Humenberger	association football
sport	The Dow Jones Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played for one year at the Upper Montclair Country Club in Clifton, New Jersey, an 18-hole, par-72 championship course.	Dow Jones Open Invitational	golf
sport	Beverly Baker Fleitz (March 13, 1930 -- April 29, 2014), was a women's tennis player from the United States who was active in the late 1940s and during the 1950s.	Beverly Baker Fleitz	tennis
sport	The HSBC Women's World Match Play Championship was an LPGA Tour golf tournament that was played from 2005 through 2007.	HSBC Women's World Match Play Championship	golf
sport	Loïc Akono (born January 6, 1987) is a Congolese professional basketball player who currently plays for SOM Boulonnais of the LNB Pro B. Akono has been a member of the Congo national basketball team.	Loïc Akono	basketball
sport	Queensland Premier Rugby is a club rugby union competition in Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Premier Rugby	rugby union
sport	Garfield Smith (born November 18, 1945) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA and ABA.	Garfield Smith	basketball
sport	The Internationaler Fernschachbund (IFSB) was an international correspondence chess organisation, founded in 1928.	Internationaler Fernschachbund	chess
sport	Adel Gholami (Persian: عادل غلامی‎‎, born 9 February 1986 in Amol) is a volleyball player from Iran, who plays as a Middle Blocker for the Men's National Team.	Adel Gholami	volleyball
sport	The WWA Middleweight Championship (Campeonato de peso Medio WWA in Spanish) is a secondary professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling-based promotion World Wrestling Association (WWA) since 1987.	WWA Middleweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Aidyn Guseinov (Azerbaijani: Aydın Hüseynov), (30 November 1955 or 31 August 1957 -- 30 October 2003) was a chess player from Azerbaijan.	Aidyn Guseinov	chess
sport	The IPWA Tag Team Championship was a professional wrestling tag team championship in the Independent Professional Wrestling Alliance (IPWA).	IPWA Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Michelle van der Pols (born 6 January 1989) is a Dutch field hockey player, who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club SV Kampong.	Michelle van der Pols	field hockey
sport	The Badminton Pan Am (BPA) organisation is the governing body for the sport of badminton in the Americas and is recognized as such by the Badminton World Federation.	Badminton Pan Am	badminton
sport	Eliza McCartney (born 11 December 1996) is a New Zealand track and field athlete who competes in the pole vault.	Eliza McCartney	track and field
sport	CS Meaux is a French association football (soccer) club, based in the town of Meaux.	CS Meaux	association football
sport	Joseph Emelien Patrick Poulin (born April 23, 1973 in Vanier, Quebec) is a retired former professional ice hockey player who played 634 games in the National Hockey League between 1991 and 2002.	Patrick Poulin	ice hockey
sport	Julius Mendheim (ca. 1788 -- 25 August 1836) was a German chess master and problemist.	Julius Mendheim	chess
sport	Scott Fenton (5 November 1964 -- 21 August 1989) was an Australian professional basketball player who played 140 games in the National Basketball League of Australia from 1982 until his death in 1989.	Scott Fenton	basketball
sport	The 1997 Women's Home Nations Championship was the second women's rugby union Home Championship.	1997 Women's Home Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	The 2014 Davis Cup (also known as the 2014 Davis Cup by BNP Paribas for sponsorship purposes) is the 103rd edition of the tournament between national teams in men's tennis.	2014 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	Russian Tennis Federation (Russian: Федерация тенниса России) is a national governing body of tennis in Russia.	Russian Tennis Federation	tennis
sport	Alesiya Charnyovskaya (born January 23, 1978) is a Belarusian taekwondo practitioner.	Alesiya Charnyovskaya	taekwondo
sport	Gianni Clerici (born July 24, 1930 in Como) is an Italian tennis commentator and journalist, and a former tennis player.	Gianni Clerici	tennis
sport	Wiel Coerver (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋil ˈkur.vər); 3 December 1924 -- 22 April 2011) was an association football manager from the Netherlands and the developer of the Coerver Method, a football coaching technique.	Wiel Coerver	association football
sport	Ladislav Prokeš (7 June 1884 -- 9 January 1966) was one of the most prolific composers of endgame studies in chess.	Ladislav Prokeš	chess
sport	Zamal Nixon (born January 7, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Lavrio of the Greek Basketball League.After a successful four years at Houston College, Nixon entered the 2011 NBA draft but was not selected in the draft's two rounds.	Zamal Nixon	basketball
sport	Halkbank Ankara is a professional men's volleyball team based in Ankara, Turkey and sponsored by the state-owned Halkbank.	Halkbank Ankara	volleyball
sport	The 2013 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell (also known as the Torneo Godó) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2013 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell	tennis
sport	Asia League Ice Hockey (ALIH) is an association which operates a professional ice hockey league based in East Asia, with nine teams from Japan, China, South Korea and Russia.	Asia League Ice Hockey	ice hockey
sport	Vitalis Chikoko (born February 11, 1991) is a Zimbabwean professional basketball player who currently plays for Scaligera Basket Verona of the Serie A2 Basket in Italy.	Vitalis Chikoko	basketball
sport	Calvin Prasad (born March 11, 1980) is an Indo-Fijian chess player.	Calvin Prasad	chess
sport	The 2007 Grand Prix Hassan II was a tennis event on the 2007 ATP Tour played in Casablanca, Morocco on clay sourts.	2007 Grand Prix Hassan II	tennis
sport	Toni Dahlman (born September 3, 1979) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Ciarko PBS Bank STS Sanok in the Polska Hokej Liga, the top-tier level in Poland.	Toni Dahlman	ice hockey
sport	The Midea China Classic is a professional golf tournament held in China.	Midea China Classic	golf
sport	Marcus Lee (born September 14, 1994) is an American college basketball player who plays at the University of Kentucky.	Marcus Lee	basketball
sport	Ostap Steckiw (Ukrainian: Остап Стецьків) (born in Lviv, Poland in 1924; died in Toronto, Canada in August 2003) was a Canadian association football player who earned 1 cap for the Canadian national side against the USA in 1957, scoring one goal.	Ostap Steckiw	association football
sport	Anders Hedberg (born 25 February 1951) is a retired former professional ice hockey player who was one of the first European-born players to make an impact in North America.	Anders Hedberg	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 ATP World Tour Finals (also known as the 2014 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played at the O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom, between 9 and 16 November 2014.	2014 ATP World Tour Finals	tennis
sport	Warstones Wanderers F.C. are an association football club based in Wolverhampton.	Warstones Wanderers F.C.	association football
sport	Blake Kessel (born April 13, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for the Tampereen Ilves in Finland.	Blake Kessel	ice hockey
sport	The Tunisian Basketball Cup is an annual professional men's basketball cup competition that takes place between clubs from Tunisia.	Tunisian Basketball Cup	basketball
sport	Frederick Commodore (born 17 August 1975) is a former Ghanaian association football defender who played professionally in the USL A-League and the German 2.	Frederick Commodore	association football
sport	Summerfield Johnston, Jr. (born August 28, 1932), aka Skey Johnston, is an American businessman and polo player.	Summerfield Johnston, Jr.	polo
sport	Vladimir Afromeev is a businessman and chess player who was born in 1954 in the city of Tula, a city located about 120 km from Moscow.	Vladimir Afromeev	chess
sport	The 2012 ATP World Tour Finals (also known as the 2012 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament that was played at the O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom between 5 and 12 November 2012.	2012 ATP World Tour Finals	tennis
sport	The 2007 European Junior Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held at Sportpark De Groote Wielen in Rosmalen, The Netherlands from July 30 to August 5, 2007.	2007 European Junior Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	The Lucha Underground Trios Championship is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Lucha Underground and is exclusively for six-man tag teams, also known as Trios in Lucha libre.	Lucha Underground Trios Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Brian Dabul (born 24 February 1984) is an Argentinian retired tennis player.	Brian Dabul	tennis
sport	Roberto Bergersen (born January 6, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career for the Idaho Stampede in the Continental Basketball Association and the NBA Development League.	Roberto Bergersen	basketball
sport	Mohamed Mokrani (born 31 January 1981) is an Algerian handball player for Dunkerque.	Mohamed Mokrani	handball
sport	Guy Laporte (born Beaufort, 15 December 1952) is a former French rugby union player and a sports executive.	Guy Laporte	rugby union
sport	Miyuki Akiyama (秋山美幸 Akiyama Miyuki, born August 27, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets.	Miyuki Akiyama	volleyball
sport	A One Day International (ODI) is a form of limited overs cricket, played between two teams with international status, in which each team faces a fixed number of overs, usually 50.	One Day International	cricket
sport	Anders Myrvold (born 12 August 1975) is a Norwegian former professional ice hockey player, who last played for Norwegian GET-ligaen club Frisk Tigers.	Anders Myrvold	ice hockey
sport	Simone Fontecchio (born December 9, 1995) is an Italian professional basketball player for Virtus Bologna of the Serie A, playing as a Small forward.	Simone Fontecchio	basketball
sport	The Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association (ECAHA) was a men's amateur -- later professional -- ice hockey league in Canada that played four seasons.	Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association	ice hockey
sport	Artis Ābols (born January 3, 1973) is a retired Latvian ice hockey forward who is currently the head coach of Lada Togliatti in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Artis Ābols	ice hockey
sport	The 1994 ATP Tour World Championships (also known for the singles event as the IBM-ATP Tour World Championship for sponsorship reasons) were tennis tournaments played on indoor carpet courts.	1994 ATP Tour World Championships	tennis
sport	The 2006 UEFA Champions League Final was an association football match between Barcelona of Spain and Arsenal of England at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, Paris, France, on Wednesday, 17 May 2006.	2006 UEFA Champions League Final	association football
sport	Pietro Travagli (born 28 April 1981) is an Italian rugby union player.	Pietro Travagli	rugby union
sport	Petrarca Rugby is a rugby union club from Padua, Italy, currently competing in the top tier of the Italian rugby union, the National Championship of Excellence.	Petrarca Rugby	rugby union
sport	The Ukrainian Open is a senior international figure skating competition.	Ukrainian Open	figure skating
sport	Gerónimo Peña Martínez (born March 29, 1967 in Distrito Nacional, Dominican Republic), is a retired professional baseball player who played second base in the major leagues from 1990-1996.	Gerónimo Peña	baseball
sport	Natasha Watley (born November 27, 1981) is an African-American, former collegiate 4-time First Team All-American, left-handed hitting softball player for the UCLA Bruins, USA Softball Women's National Team and USSSA Pride, originally from Irvine, California.	Natasha Watley	softball
sport	The Immortal Draw was a chess game played in 1872 in Vienna by Carl Hamppe and Philipp Meitner.	Immortal Draw	chess
sport	The Coral Springs Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played at the Coral Springs Country Club (now formally known as the Country Club of Coral Springs) in Coral Springs, Florida.	Coral Springs Open Invitational	golf
sport	SKA-Neftyanik (Russian: СКА-Нефтяник) is a professional bandy club from Khabarovsk, Russia, established in 1947.	SKA-Neftyanik	bandy
sport	The Québec Carnavals were a minor league baseball team in the Eastern League.	Québec Carnavals	baseball
sport	The Chicago Sky is a professional basketball team based in Rosemont, Illinois, playing in the Eastern Conference in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).	Chicago Sky	basketball
sport	The Russian Basketball Cup is the primary professional national domestic basketball cup competition of Russia.	Russian Basketball Cup	basketball
sport	Gérard Cholley (born June 6, 1945 in Fontaine-les-Luxeuil, France) is a retired French international rugby union player.	Gérard Cholley	rugby union
sport	Mohammad Hassanzadeh Saberi Akhlaghi (Persian: محمد حسن‌زاده صابری اخلاقی‎‎, born October 6, 1990 in Shiraz) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Mohammad Hassanzadeh	basketball
sport	Fatih Keleş began boxing with ten years of age.	Fatih Keleş	boxing
sport	Wiggle High5 Pro Cycling (UCI team code: WHT) is a British professional cycling team based in Belgium, which competes in elite road bicycle racing and track cycling events, such as the UCI Women's Road World Cup.	Wiggle High5 Pro Cycling	road bicycle racing
sport	Skutskärs IF is a bandy club in Skutskär, Sweden.	Skutskärs IF	bandy
sport	The 2007 Spanish Figure Skating Championships (Spanish: Campeonato De España De Patinaje Sobre Hielo 2006-07) were the Spanish Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Spanish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Ibrahim Amin is a retired squash player from Egypt.	Ibrahim Amin	squash
sport	Alex Henery (born August 17, 1987) is an American football kicker who is currently a free agent.	Alex Henery	American football
sport	Dillianne van den Boogaard (born August 9, 1974 in Veghel) is a former Dutch field hockey defender, who played 174 international matches for the Netherlands, in which she scored 68 goals.	Dillianne van den Boogaard	field hockey
sport	The 2012 Girls' Youth South American Volleyball Championship was the 18th edition of the South American Volleyball Championship, organised by South America's governing volleyball body, the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV).	2012 Girls' Youth South American Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	The Birmingham Bullets were a basketball team from Birmingham, who competed in the British Basketball League (BBL).	Birmingham Bullets	basketball
sport	Andrea Marcato (born 17 April 1983 in Padua, Italy) is an Italian international rugby union player who is a utility back for Calvisano.	Andrea Marcato	rugby union
sport	The Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica San Gregorio Catania Rugby, also known as San Gregorio Catania, is an ex Italian professional rugby union team disbanded in 2012 for economic difficulties.	San Gregorio Catania Rugby	rugby union
sport	Da'Love Woods (born September 7, 1982) is an American professional basketball player, in Europe.	Da'Love Woods	basketball
sport	Sinop Futebol Clube is a Brazilian association football club based in the city of Sinop in the state of Mato Grosso.	Sinop Futebol Clube	association football
sport	The IBU Cup in biathlon has been held since the winter seasons of 1982/83 and 1988/89, for women and men, respectively.	IBU Cup	biathlon
sport	Petar Vorkapić (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Воркапић, born 15 March 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for FMP.	Petar Vorkapić	basketball
sport	Mehmet Azmi Turgut (born February 25, 1988) is a Turkish professional basketball player, who plays for Olin Edirne.	Azmi Turgut	basketball
sport	Duncan Hodge (born 18 August 1974) is a Scottish former internationalist rugby union player.	Duncan Hodge	rugby union
sport	Mark Gerrard (born 4 September 1982) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer.	Mark Gerrard	rugby union
sport	The Ronchetti Cup (called till 1996 European Cup Liliana Ronchetti) was an annual women's basketball European club competition held by FIBA between the years 1972 and 2002.	Ronchetti Cup	basketball
sport	Daniel Catenacci (born March 9, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, currently with the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Daniel Catenacci	ice hockey
sport	Luca Ansoldi (born January 5, 1982 in Merano, Italy) is an Italian professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Italian National men's ice hockey team.	Luca Ansoldi	ice hockey
sport	The Modern Defense (also known as the Robatsch Defence after Karl Robatsch) is a hypermodern chess opening in which Black allows White to occupy the center with pawns on d4 and e4, then proceeds to attack and undermine this ``ideal'' center without attempting to occupy it themselves.	Modern Defense	chess
sport	The Boleyn Ground, often referred to as Upton Park, is an association football stadium located in Upton Park, east London.	Boleyn Ground	association football
sport	The 2007 UCI Track Cycling World Championships is the World Championship for track cycling.	2007 UCI Track Cycling World Championships	track cycling
sport	The IHF Women's Youth World Championship is the official competition for women's national handball teams under-18, has been organized by the International Handball Federation since 2006.	IHF Women's Youth World Championship	handball
sport	The 1988 PBA Reinforced Conference Finals was the best-of-7 series basketball championship of the 1988 PBA Reinforced Conference, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs.	1988 PBA Reinforced Conference Finals	basketball
sport	Noëlle van Lottum (born 12 July 1972, Hoogland) is a Dutch former professional tennis player who in the 1990s played for France.	Noëlle van Lottum	tennis
sport	The Rio Grande Valley Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played in the Rio Grande Valley of south Texas in 1949 and 1950.	Rio Grande Valley Open	golf
sport	Lea Pericoli (born 22 March 1935) is an Italian former tennis player and later television presenter and journalist from Milan.	Lea Pericoli	tennis
sport	The 2014 FFA Cup preliminary rounds were a series of state-based knockout competitions, providing a qualification pathway for the 2014 FFA Cup, the Australian association football knockout cup competition.	2014 FFA Cup preliminary rounds	association football
sport	The 2010 Women's Baseball World Cup was an international baseball competition that was held in Venezuela from August 12 to August 22, 2010.	2010 Women's Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	Ronald McKinnon (born September 20, 1973) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League.	Ronald McKinnon	American football
sport	Alliance Sportive de Casablanca or Rabita de Casablanca (Arabic: الرابطة الرياضية البيضاوية), is a Moroccan handball team based in Casablanca, that plays in Moroccan Handball League.	Rabita de Casablanca	handball
sport	Jarle Pedersen (born 15 June 1955) is a retired Norwegian speed skater and the current coach of the Norwegian speed skating team.	Jarle Pedersen	speed skating
sport	Bellyboarding is the oldest form of surfing from ancient Hawaii & the Polynesian islands.	Bellyboarding	surfing
sport	The NWA United National Heavyweight Championship (often shortened to UN Championship) is a professional wrestling title in the Japanese promotion Pro Wrestling Zero1.	NWA United National Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2010 Friends Provident t20 tournament was the inaugural Friends Provident t20 Twenty20 cricket competition for the England and Wales first-class counties.	2010 Friends Provident t20	cricket
sport	The 2013 Scottish Challenge Cup Final, also known as the Ramsdens Cup Final for sponsorship reasons, was an association football match between Queen of the South and Partick Thistle on 7 April 2013 at Almondvale Stadium in Livingston.	2013 Scottish Challenge Cup Final	association football
sport	The 2006 Merano Cup was the Merano Cup competition for the 2006--07 figure skating season.	2006 Merano Cup	figure skating
sport	Fribourg Olympic is a Swiss professional basketball club based in Fribourg, and a 14-time Swiss champion (1966, 1971, 1973, 1974, 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982, 1985, 1992, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2007).	Fribourg Olympic	basketball
sport	Albert Teruel (born 3 April, 1987) is a Spanish professional basketball player, who plays in CB Girona.	Albert Teruel	basketball
sport	The Nelson Mandela Championship was a golf tournament, played for the first time in December 2012.	Nelson Mandela Championship	golf
sport	The Kuwait national under-17 football team is the youth association football team representing Kuwait in youth competitions and it is controlled by Kuwait Football Association.	Kuwait national under-17 football team	association football
sport	Gediminas Budnikas (February 11, 1944 in Paąžuoliai) is a retired Lithuanian basketball player, most notable for his career in Žalgiris from 1964 to 1973.	Gediminas Budnikas	basketball
sport	The Rockford Peaches were a women's professional baseball team who played from 1943 through 1954 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.	Rockford Peaches	baseball
sport	Joe Don Duncan (born September 17, 1990) is an American football tight end and fullback for the Brooklyn Bolts of the Fall Experimental Football League (FXFL) He played college football at Dixie State University.	Joe Don Duncan	American football
sport	Neil Harlock (born 29 May 1975) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Neil Harlock	association football
sport	The 1988 Eckerd Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Tampa, Florida in the United States and was part of Tier IV of the 1988 WTA Tour.	1988 Eckerd Open	tennis
sport	The Nova Scotia Open was a golf tournament on the Web.com Tour.	Nova Scotia Open	golf
sport	Philippe Washer (French pronunciation: ​(filip waʃe); 6 August 1924 -- 27 November 2015) was a Belgian tennis player.	Philippe Washer	tennis
sport	Luke Sellars (born May 21, 1981) is a professional ice hockey player who plays for the Jokipojat of the Mestis in Finland.	Luke Sellars	ice hockey
sport	Joy Fahrenkrog (born November 6, 1979) is best known for her archery.	Joy Fahrenkrog	archery
sport	The Lausanne Football and Cricket Club was a Swiss association football and cricket club.	Lausanne Football and Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The 2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World League is played between November 2013 and June 2014 and open to all women's water polo national teams.	2014 FINA Women's Water Polo World League	water polo
sport	The BCCI Corporate Trophy is an Indian cricket competition.	BCCI Corporate Trophy	cricket
sport	Raimo Pajusalu (born 1 February 1981 in Pärnu) is a retired Estonian volleyball player.	Raimo Pajusalu	volleyball
sport	The 1983 Bridgestone Doubles Championships was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1983 Bridgestone Doubles Championships	tennis
sport	Roger Grimau Gragera (born July 14, 1978) is a Spanish retired professional basketball player who last played for La Bruixa d'Or Manresa.	Roger Grimau	basketball
sport	Alianza Universidad is a Peruvian association football club, playing in the city of Huánuco.	Alianza Universidad	association football
sport	Duško Čelica (Serbian Cyrillic: Душко Челица, born 18 August 1986) is a Bosnian handball player.	Duško Čelica	handball
sport	Martin Ručinský (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈrutʃiːnskiː); born March 11, 1971) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player who played 16 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Martin Ručinský	ice hockey
sport	The Yugoslav Handball Championship was the highest level competition in men's team handball in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, played regularly for almost four decades between 1953 and 1991, before being abandoned due to the breakup of Yugoslavia.	Yugoslav Handball Championship	handball
sport	The IWRG Intercontinental Super Welterweight Championship (Campeonato Intercontinental de Peso Super Welter IWRG in Spanish) is an inactive professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG).	IWRG Intercontinental Super Welterweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship and the top title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion, the World Wrestling Council.	WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Yuniesky Quezada Pérez (Villa Clara Province, July 31 1984) is a Cuban chess grandmaster.	Yuniesky Quezada	chess
sport	Jodie Bowering (born July 1982 in Queensland) is an Australian softball player.	Jodie Bowering	softball
sport	Odell Hodge (born March 26, 1973) is an American former basketball player for Old Dominion University and, later, professional teams in Belgium.	Odell Hodge	basketball
sport	The 2008 Canada Masters (also known as the 2008 Rogers Masters and 2008 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2008 Rogers Cup	tennis
sport	The 1949 Claxton Shield (at the time known as the 1949 Australian Championship Series) was the tenth annual Claxton Shield, an Australian national baseball tournament.	1949 Claxton Shield	baseball
sport	Felicity Willis (born October 31, 1978) is a Puerto Rican women's basketball player.	Felicity Willis	basketball
sport	Jonathan Peter Wilkinson, CBE (born 25 May 1979), known as Jonny Wilkinson, is a former rugby union player who represented England and the British and Irish Lions.	Jonny Wilkinson	rugby union
sport	The Mendoza Line is an expression in baseball in the United States, deriving from the name of shortstop Mario Mendoza, whose mediocre batting average is taken to define the threshold of incompetent hitting.	Mendoza Line	baseball
sport	The Pakistan Hockey Federation (PHF) is the national governing body for field hockey in Pakistan.	Pakistan Hockey Federation	field hockey
sport	Okan Çevik (born 8 June 1966 in Edirne, Turkey) is a Turkish professional basketball coach, who is now coaching Denizli Basket.	Okan Çevik	basketball
sport	Junior Poluleuligaga (born 5 February 1981) is a Samoan rugby union international player.	Junior Poluleuligaga	rugby union
sport	Tomasz Rosiński (born February 24, 1984 in Ostrów Wielkopolski) is a Polish handball player (playmaker) and a member of the Poland national handball team.	Tomasz Rosiński	handball
sport	The Melbourne Stars is an Australian Twenty20 cricket team based in Melbourne, Victoria that competes in Australia's Twenty20 competition, the Big Bash League.	Melbourne Stars	cricket
sport	Christophe Juillet (born Villeneuve-sur-Lot, France, 20 March 1969) is a French former international rugby union footballer who also played for France national team.	Christophe Juillet	rugby union
sport	Mantas Kalnietis (born 6 September 1986) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for EA7 Emporio Armani Milano of the Italian Serie A. He is also a member of the Lithuanian national basketball team.	Mantas Kalnietis	basketball
sport	The Mashonaland Eagles is one of five cricket Zimbabwean cricket franchises.	Mashonaland Eagles	cricket
sport	Fabrice Metz (born 23 January 1991 in Strasbourg, France) is a French professional rugby union player.	Fabrice Metz	rugby union
sport	Lauri Asikainen (born 28 May 1989 in Savonlinna) is a Finnish Nordic combined athlete.	Lauri Asikainen	Nordic combined
sport	The Australian Rugby Football League, more commonly known as the Australian Rugby League (ARL), was the governing body for the sport of rugby league football in Australia.	Australian Rugby League	rugby league
sport	Mandiaye Ndiaye (born 12 November 1952) is a former Senegalese basketball player with AS Forces Armées.	Mandiaye Ndiaye	basketball
sport	The North Fremantle Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the West Australian Football League from 1901 to 1915.	North Fremantle Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Robert Walter Johnson (April 16, 1899 -- June 28, 1971) was an American physician and founder of the American Tennis Association Junior Development Program for African-American youths, where he coached and fostered the careers of tennis greats, Arthur Ashe and Althea Gibson.	Robert Walter Johnson	tennis
sport	The 1988 Southern Cross Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Adelaide in Australia and was part of Tier V of the 1989 WTA Tour.	1988 Southern Cross Classic	tennis
sport	Swedish Masters International Badminton Championships or Swedish International Stockholm is an annual badminton tournament held in Sweden and hosted by Svenska Badmintonförbundet.	Swedish Masters International Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	Seppi Hurschler (born June 23, 1983 in Stans) is a Swiss Nordic combined skier who has competed since 2001.	Seppi Hurschler	Nordic combined
sport	The 1973 Virginia Slims Championships were the second season-ending WTA Tour Championships, the annual tennis tournament for the best female tennis players in singles on the 1973 Virginia Slims circuit.	1973 Virginia Slims Championships	tennis
sport	The Modbury Football Club (nicknamed The Hawks) is an Australian rules football club based in Modbury, a suburb of Adelaide in South Australia.	Modbury Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Donnybrook Stadium is a rugby union stadium in Donnybrook, Dublin 4, Ireland.	Donnybrook Stadium	rugby union
sport	Charles Davis Tull (born November 12, 1991) is an American football player for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League.	Davis Tull	American football
sport	The 2011 NZIHL season was the seventh season of the New Zealand Ice Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in New Zealand.	2011 NZIHL season	ice hockey
sport	Veronika Schneider (born July 17, 1987 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian chess woman grandmaster.	Veronika Schneider	chess
sport	The 2012 FIBA 3x3 World Championships, hosted by Greece, was the first edition of the FIBA 3x3 World Championships, an international 3x3 basketball event that featured separate competitions for men's, women's and mixed national teams.	2012 FIBA 3x3 World Championships	basketball
sport	Maccabi Bnot Ashdod (Hebrew: מכבי בנות אשדוד‎) is a professional Women's basketball team based in Ashdod, playing in the Ligat Ha'al in Israel since 2003.	Maccabi Bnot Ashdod	basketball
sport	Igor Gongalsky (born November 5, 1986) is a Ukrainian former professional ice hockey player who last played with the Dundee Stars of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Igor Gongalsky	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 Tour de Langkawi was the 19th edition of an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Malaysia since 1996.	2014 Tour de Langkawi	road bicycle racing
sport	Exeter Chiefs (officially Exeter Rugby Club) are an English rugby union club based in Exeter, Devon that currently play in the Aviva Premiership, the top level of domestic rugby union in England.	Exeter Chiefs	rugby union
sport	Daryl Millard (born 20 February 1985) is an Australian rugby league player of Fijian descent who currently plays for the South Sydney Rabbitohs of the National Rugby League.	Daryl Millard	rugby league
sport	The NHL Winter Classic is an annual event held by the National Hockey League (NHL) on or around New Year's Day in which a regular-season ice hockey game is played outdoors, generally in a football or baseball stadium, in an area with a resident NHL team.	NHL Winter Classic	ice hockey
sport	Tyler Gron (born September 7, 1989) is a Canadian ice hockey player.	Tyler Gron	ice hockey
sport	Andreas Hartmann (born January 29, 1980) was a Swiss Nordic combined skier who competed from 1997 to 2006.	Andreas Hartmann	Nordic combined
sport	The European Cyclo-cross Championships are the European championships in cyclo-cross.	European Cyclo-cross Championships	cyclo-cross
sport	The Scotties Tournament of Hearts (French: Le Tournoi des Cœurs Scotties) is an annual Canadian women's curling championship, sanctioned by the Canadian Curling Association.	Scotties Tournament of Hearts	curling
sport	Gruppo Sportivo Vigili del Fuoco Otello Ruini known simply as Ruini Firenze is a sports club founded by the body of the Fire Department of Florence, practicing disciplines such as rowing, wrestling, skiing, kick boxing and more importantly, volleyball, sports in which excelled nationally during the sixties and seventies.	Ruini Firenze	volleyball
sport	Ricky Hatton vs. Kostya Tszyu was a boxing Light Welterweight fight on June 4, 2005 between Ricky Hatton and Kostya Tszyu at the Manchester Evening News Arena in Manchester, England.	Ricky Hatton vs. Kostya Tszyu	boxing
sport	Marzio Innocenti (born 4 September 1958 in Livorno) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current coach.	Marzio Innocenti	rugby union
sport	Boban Stajić (born October 6, 1993) is a Macedonian professional basketball player plays played for Feni Industries.	Boban Stajić	basketball
sport	Corina Morariu (born January 26, 1978) is a retired Romanian American professional tennis player.	Corina Morariu	tennis
sport	Marvin McNutt, Jr. (born July 4, 1989) is a former American football wide receiver.	Marvin McNutt	American football
sport	The Ottawa Nationals was a professional men's ice hockey team based out of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada that played in the World Hockey Association (WHA) during the 1972--73 WHA season.	Ottawa Nationals	ice hockey
sport	Ian Hanavan (born August 15, 1980) is an American-Belgian basketball player for Okapi Aalstar in the Belgian League.	Ian Hanavan	basketball
sport	Karl Håkan Södergren (born June 14, 1959 in Rosersberg, Sweden) is a retired professional ice hockey player, often a recurring color commentator in Viasat's ice hockey broadcast productions.	Håkan Södergren	ice hockey
sport	Ricky Hatton vs. Juan Lazcano was a boxing Light Welterweight fight between Ricky ``Hitman'' Hatton and challenger Juan Lazcano.	Ricky Hatton vs. Juan Lazcano	boxing
sport	Lorenzo Romar (born November 13, 1958) is the current head men's basketball coach at the University of Washington.	Lorenzo Romar	basketball
sport	Bjørg Andersen (born 15 June 1942) is a Norwegian handball player, who played for the clubs Skjeberg IF, Østsiden IL and Lisleby FK.	Bjørg Andersen	handball
sport	Associação de Basquete Cearense or simply Basquete Cearense is a Brazilian basketball team from Fortaleza, Ceará, Brazil.	Associação de Basquete Cearense	basketball
sport	The 2011 Big South Conference Baseball Tournament was the postseason baseball tournament for the Big South Conference, held from May 24--28, 2011, at Gray--	2011 Big South Conference Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	Peter Heine Nielsen (born May 24, 1973) is a Danish chess player and coach.	Peter Heine Nielsen	chess
sport	Winfried Wiencek (born January 2, 1949 in Sengwarden) is a deaf sports official and former German deaf table tennis player.	Winfried Wiencek	table tennis
sport	The Bulgaria national korfball team is managed by the Bulgarian Federation Korfball and Intercrosse, representing Bulgaria in korfball international competitions.	Bulgaria national korfball team	Korfball
sport	Jean-Marc Gaulin (born March 3, 1962 in Balve, West Germany and raised in Trois-Rivières, Quebec) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 26 games in the National Hockey League.	Jean-Marc Gaulin	ice hockey
sport	Arturo Guerrero (born 30 August 1948) is a Mexican former basketball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympic games and in the 1976 Summer Olympic Games.	Arturo Guerrero	basketball
sport	Finnairin Palloilijat, or FinnPa as the club is more commonly known as, was a Finnish association football club established in 1965.	FinnPa	association football
sport	Eleanor Goss (November 18, 1895 -- November 1982) was an American tennis player of the inter-war period.	Eleanor Goss	tennis
sport	The 2008 Vintage Yachting Games was the first post-Olympic multi-class sailing event for discontinued Olympic classes.	2008 Vintage Yachting Games	sailing
sport	Hammarby IF Ishockeyförening (or Hammarby Hockey) was a Stockholm-based professional ice hockey team that for most of its history played in Hovet.	Hammarby Hockey	ice hockey
sport	The GP Mario De Clercq is a cyclo-cross race held since 2000 in Ronse, Belgium with a break between 2004 and 2010.	GP Mario De Clercq	cyclo-cross
sport	Club Pueyrredón, also nicknamed Puey, is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club from the Boulogne Sur Mer area of San Isidro Partido, Greater Buenos Aires.	Club Pueyrredón	rugby union
sport	The AfroBasket (alternatively known as the FIBA Africa Championship, FIBA African Championship, or FIBA AfroBasket) is the men's basketball continental championship of Africa, played biennially under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball, the basketball sport governing body, and the FIBA African zone thereof.	AfroBasket	basketball
sport	The 2001 Franklin Templeton Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour.	2001 Franklin Templeton Classic	tennis
sport	Ignacio Mieres (born April 6, 1987, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union player.	Ignacio Mieres	rugby union
sport	The 1989 Dow Classic was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England that was part of Tier V of the 1989 WTA Tour.	1989 Dow Classic	tennis
sport	ROC La Voulte-Valence (French: Rhône ovalie club La Voulte-Valence) is a French rugby union club based in Valence, Drôme and playing home matches in Valence and La Voulte-sur-Rhône in the adjacent department of Ardèche.	ROC La Voulte-Valence	rugby union
sport	In 1974, Byron Nelson received the Bob Jones Award, the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf.	Byron Nelson	golf
sport	Nicola Mazzucato (born 27 October 1975 in Padua) is a former Italian rugby union footballer and the current coach of the SMRUFC.	Nicola Mazzucato	rugby union
sport	Maxim Orlov (born January 31, March 31 or April 15, 1981) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward.	Maxim Orlov	ice hockey
sport	The FIBA EuroCup Challenge was the 4th tier level transnational professional club basketball competition in Europe.	FIBA EuroCup Challenge	basketball
sport	Scott Lipsky (born August 14, 1981, in Merrick, New York) is a professional tennis player from the United States.	Scott Lipsky	tennis
sport	Redcar Rugby Union Football Club known as Redcar Rugby Club or RRUFC is an English rugby union club for the local town of Redcar, Teesside, who their play rugby in Durham/Northumberland 2.	Redcar Rugby Union Football Club	rugby union
sport	Brett Martin (born 23 January 1963) is a former professional squash player who was among the game's leading players in the late-1980s and early-1990s.	Brett Martin	squash
sport	Cambridge Town Club (CTC) was a first-class cricket club established in Cambridge before 1819.	Cambridge Town Club	cricket
sport	Toshiba Brave Lupus (Lupus is wolf in Latin) is a Japanese rugby union team in the Top League.	Toshiba Brave Lupus	rugby union
sport	Swiss Tennis is the governing body of tennis in Switzerland.	Swiss Tennis	tennis
sport	Richard Dennis Ralston (born July 27, 1942, in Bakersfield, California) is an American former professional tennis player whose active career spanned the 1960s and 1970s..	Dennis Ralston	tennis
sport	Kolding IF is a Danish association football club based in Kolding, which plays in the Danish 2nd Division West.	Kolding IF	association football
sport	Joel Peralta Gutiérrez (/dʒoʊˈɛl pəˈrɑːltə/; Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈel peˈɾalta); born March 23, 1976) is a Dominican professional baseball relief pitcher who is with the Seattle Mariners organization.	Joel Peralta	baseball
sport	Queen's University Cricket Club is a cricket club in Belfast, Northern Ireland, affiliated to Queen's University Belfast.	Queen's University Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The Waterloo Black Hawks are a Tier 1 junior ice hockey team playing in the Western Division of the United States Hockey League (USHL).	Waterloo Black Hawks	ice hockey
sport	Shannon Hope (born November 25, 1962 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defender who played for the Peterborough Pirates and the Cardiff Devils as well as for the Great Britain national team, for whom he was the captain between 1995 and 1997.	Shannon Hope	ice hockey
sport	Lisa McShea (born 29 October 1974) is an Australian tennis player.	Lisa McShea	tennis
sport	The IWA Undisputed World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion, the International Wrestling Association.	IWA Undisputed World Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Feng Tianwei (simplified Chinese: 冯天薇; traditional Chinese: 馮天薇; pinyin: Féng Tiānwēi, pronounced (fə̌ŋ tjɛ́nwéi); born 31 August 1986) is a Singapore table tennis player.	Feng Tianwei	table tennis
sport	The 2009 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2008-09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place in March 2009 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.	2009 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	The Torneo Nicola Ceravolo was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Catanzaro, Italy from 1991 to 1993.	Torneo Nicola Ceravolo	association football
sport	The Bulgaria Davis Cup team represents Bulgaria in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Bulgarian Tennis Federation.	Bulgaria Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	David H. Li is an author on Chinese history and chess.	David H. Li	chess
sport	Martin Thörnberg (born August 6, 1983) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently with HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Martin Thörnberg	ice hockey
sport	The 1998 Movistar Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Santiago, Chile and played on outdoor clay courts.	1998 Movistar Open	tennis
sport	The Waikato Rugby Union (WRU) is the official governing body of rugby union in the Waikato area in the North Island of New Zealand.	Waikato Rugby Union	rugby union
sport	Joanna Drinkhall (née Parker, born 10 June 1987) is a British table tennis player.	Joanna Drinkhall	table tennis
sport	The 1997 Croatia Open Umag was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Umag, Croatia that was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour.	1997 Croatia Open Umag	tennis
sport	Ann Penelope Marston (August 7, 1938 -- March 6, 1971) was an unrivaled archery champion prior to her death from stroke, caused by complications of diabetes, at age 32.	Ann Penelope Marston	archery
sport	Nikola Karabatić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Карабатић; born 11 April 1984) is a French handball player.	Nikola Karabatić	handball
sport	Figure skating jumps are an element of three competitive figure skating disciplines -- men's singles, ladies' singles, and pair skating but not ice dancing.	Figure skating jumps	figure skating
sport	Ray Clearwater (born November 10, 1942 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played 214 games in the World Hockey Association for the Cleveland Crusaders and Minnesota Fighting Saints.	Ray Clearwater	ice hockey
sport	Israel Zilber (June 25, 1933, Riga, Latvia, date of death unknown) is a chess player who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1958.	Israel Zilber	chess
sport	The Sinquefield Cup is an annual, invite-only chess tournament in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, honoring Rex Sinquefield and his wife Jeanne, the founders of the Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis.	Sinquefield Cup	chess
sport	2011 Lithuanian Boxing Championships -- national Lithuanian boxing championships held in Kaunas, between April 20 and April 23.	2011 Lithuanian Boxing Championships	boxing
sport	Major Frederick W. Barrett (20 June 1875 -- 7 November 1949) was an English international polo player.	Frederick W. Barrett	polo
sport	The Bucks County Sharks are a rugby league football team based in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Bucks County Sharks	rugby league
sport	The New Westminster Royals was the name of several professional and junior ice hockey teams based in New Westminster, British Columbia.	New Westminster Royals	ice hockey
sport	Giambattista Lolli (1698 in Nonantola, Italy -- 4 June 1769) was an Italian chess player.	Giambattista Lolli	chess
sport	Trevard Lindley (born February 2, 1986) is an American football cornerback for the Blacktips of the Fall Experimental Football League (FXFL).	Trevard Lindley	American football
sport	The Philadelphia Arrows were a professional ice hockey team that played in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philadelphia Arrows	ice hockey
sport	The 2013 BNP Paribas Katowice Open was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor clay courts.	2013 BNP Paribas Katowice Open	tennis
sport	The 2012 NHK Trophy was an international figure skating competition in the 2012--13 season.	2012 NHK Trophy	figure skating
sport	Brandon Bogotay (born May 8, 1989) is an American football placekicker.	Brandon Bogotay	American football
sport	CSV Olympia 1897 is a German association football club from the city of Berlin, formed following a 1992 merger with BFC Olympia 1953 Berlin.	CSV Olympia 1897	association football
sport	The Royal Dutch Athletics Federation (Dutch Koninklijke Nederlandse Atletiek Unie) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in the Netherlands.	Royal Dutch Athletics Federation	sport of athletics
sport	Denis Patry (born December 5, 1953 in Asbestos, Quebec and raised in Drummondville, Quebec) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who played 3 games in the World Hockey Association for the Quebec Nordiques.	Denis Patry	ice hockey
sport	The Onze d'Or (alternative name: Onze Mondial European Footballer of the Year) is an association football award handed out by French magazine Onze Mondial since 1976.	Onze d'Or	association football
sport	The 1951 World Ice Hockey Championships were the 18th World Championships and the 29th European Championships in ice hockey for international teams.	1951 World Ice Hockey Championships	ice hockey
sport	Wayne Barnes (born 20 April 1979) is an English international rugby union referee.	Wayne Barnes	rugby union
sport	The Amateur Championship (sometimes referred to as the British Amateur or British Amateur Championship outside of the UK) is a golf tournament which is held annually in the United Kingdom.	The Amateur Championship	golf
sport	The St. Louis Ramblers Rugby Football Club is a division II rugby union team based out of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.	St. Louis Ramblers	rugby union
sport	Matthew Phillips (10 April 1975 in Kaitaia) is a New Zealand-born Italian rugby union footballer.	Matthew Phillips	rugby union
sport	The 1904 Cambridge Springs International Chess Congress was the first major international chess tournament in America in the twentieth century.	1904 Cambridge Springs International Chess Congress	chess
sport	The North Queensland Young Guns were a rugby league team competing in the Queensland Cup.	North Queensland Young Guns	rugby league
sport	Richard ``Dick'' Norris Williams II (January 29, 1891 -- June 2, 1968), generally known as R. Norris Williams, was an American tennis player.	R. Norris Williams	tennis
sport	Yu-Ching Lin(林煜清) (born December 29, 1988) is a Taiwanese baseball player who plays for the Brother Elephants in the Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Yu-Ching Lin	baseball
sport	Viktor Ahn (Russian: Виктор Ан; born November 23, 1985), also known as Ahn Hyun-soo (Korean: 안현수) and Victor An, is a Korean-born Russian short track speed skating athlete.	Viktor Ahn	short track speed skating
sport	K.R.C. Mechelen is a Belgian association football club from Mechelen in the Antwerp province.	K.R.C. Mechelen	association football
sport	Marius Visser (born 24 April 1982 in Walvis Bay) is a rugby union player for Namibia and the heaviest player at the 2007 Rugby World Cup at 140 kilograms.	Marius Visser	rugby union
sport	Iași Sevens is an American football team, based in Iași, Romania.	Iași Sevens	American football
sport	AC Bobigny 93 Rugby is a rugby union team from Île-de-France which plays in Fédérale 1 (D3).	AC Bobigny 93 Rugby	rugby union
sport	Marius Hiller, also known as Eduardo Hiller (5 August 1892 -- 17 October 1964) was an association football player who played international football for both Germany and Argentina, as well as club football for clubs including 1.	Marius Hiller	association football
sport	Angoulême CFC is a French association football club from the city of Angoulême, currently playing in Championnat de France amateur 2 (5th division).	Angoulême CFC	association football
sport	Dontay Moch (born July 19, 1988) is an American football linebacker for the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL.	Dontay Moch	American football
sport	Pamela Nimmo, (born 23 August 1977) is a professional squash player who represented Scotland.	Pamela Nimmo	squash
sport	The New York Islanders are an American ice hockey team based in Uniondale, New York.	New York Islanders	ice hockey
sport	Megan Craig (born 11 December 1992 in Blenheim, Marlborough) is a professional squash player who represents New Zealand in international competitions.	Megan Craig	squash
sport	The Calgary Flames are a professional ice hockey team based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Flames	ice hockey	ice hockey
sport	Georgios Tsiakos (alternate spelling: Giorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Τσιάκος; born July 19, 1982) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for AEK Athens.	Georgios Tsiakos	basketball
sport	Hal Hale was an American basketball player and coach.	Hal Hale	basketball
sport	The Serbia Open (Serbian: Отворено првенство Србије, Otvoreno prvenstvo Srbije) was an ATP World Tour 250 series men's tennis tournament held in Belgrade, Serbia and played on outdoor clay courts.	Serbia Open	tennis
sport	Matt Anger (born June 20, 1963) is an American former professional tennis player who won one singles (1985, Johannesburg) and two doubles titles (1986, Tokyo outdoor and 1987, Brisbane) during his career.	Matt Anger	tennis
sport	Boof Bonser (born John Paul Bonser on October 14, 1981) is a retired professional American baseball pitcher .	Boof Bonser	baseball
sport	Christiania Rebels is an American football team located in Oslo, Norway.	Christiania Rebels	American football
sport	Stephen Tapilatu (born March 17, 1972 in Groningen) is a prominent Dutch martial artist who has achieved success at the highest level primarily in ITF but also in WTF taekwondo.	Stephen Tapilatu	taekwondo
sport	Lee Ye-ra (Korean: 이예라; born 14 September 1987 in Kangwon-do) is a South Korean tennis player.	Lee Ye-ra	tennis
sport	The 2014 NPL State League was the second edition of the new NPL State League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia.	2014 NPL State League	association football
sport	John Rodney Santos (born May 30, 1973) is a Filipino coach and retired professional basketball player.	Rodney Santos	basketball
sport	Éric Micoud (born March 18, 1973 in Cotonou, Benin) is a French basketball player who played 20 games for the men's French national team between 1999 and 2001 .	Éric Micoud	basketball
sport	Mario Llamas (30 March 1928 -- 17 June 2014) was a tennis player from Mexico.	Mario Llamas	tennis
sport	Guy Accoceberry (born Vittel, 5 May 1967) is a former French rugby union footballer.	Guy Accoceberry	rugby union
sport	Andre McGee (born March 7, 1987) is an American former professional basketball player of Phoenix Hagen, and former assistant coach at the University of Missouri--	Andre McGee	basketball
sport	The 1984 Virginia Slims of Utah was a tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts in Salt Lake City, Utah in the United States that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1984 Virginia Slims of Utah	tennis
sport	VC Uralochka-NTMK Yekaterinburg is a women's volleyball club that was founded in 1966 and headquartered in Yekaterinburg.	VC Uralochka-NTMK	volleyball
sport	F.C. Bolzano 1996 is an Italian association football club located in Bolzano (German: Bozen).	F.C. Bolzano 1996	association football
sport	Bernie Johnston (born September 15, 1956) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.	Bernie Johnston	ice hockey
sport	The FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship 2004 is the 4th edition of the FIBA Asia's young men championship for basketball.	FIBA Asia Under-20 Championship	basketball
sport	Andy Long (born 2 September 1977) is a former English rugby union player who played at Hooker.	Andy Long	rugby union
sport	Nanne Dahlman (born 7 September 1970) is a retired Finnish professional tennis player, active in the 1990s.	Nanne Dahlman	tennis
sport	Matt Cornwell (born 16 January 1985 in Leicester, England) is an English rugby union player.	Matt Cornwell	rugby union
sport	Andrés Guibert (born October 28, 1968 in Havana) is a retired Cuban basketball player.	Andrés Guibert	basketball
sport	The Los Maniceros massacre was the 2009 kidnapping in Venezuela of twelve members of a Colombian amateur association football team Los Maniceros (The Peanut Men), eleven of whom were later murdered.	Los Maniceros massacre	association football
sport	Saudia Roundtree (born October 4, 1976 in Anderson, South Carolina) is an American women's basketball coach, and also a former star player.	Saudia Roundtree	basketball
sport	Maret Balkestein-Grothues, née Maret Grothues (born 16 September 1988 in Almelo) is a Dutch volleyball player who plays as an wing spiker.	Maret Balkestein-Grothues	volleyball
sport	The 2014 Washington Nationals season was the Nationals' tenth season for the baseball franchise of Major League Baseball in the District of Columbia, the seventh season at Nationals Park, and the 46th since the original team was started in Montreal, Canada.	2014 Washington Nationals season	baseball
sport	The ``Curse of LaBonte'' is quite possibly one of the most famous curses in curling history.	Curse of LaBonte	curling
sport	The Bob Jones Award is the highest honor given by the United States Golf Association in recognition of distinguished sportsmanship in golf.	Bob Jones Award	golf
sport	The Road to Brazil is the name of a series of international association football exhibition games that took place from May 29 to June 7, 2014 in the run up to the 2014 FIFA World Cup.	Road to Brazil	association football
sport	Tim Thackrey (born 1 October 1979) is a retired taekwondo athlete for the USA.	Tim Thackrey	taekwondo
sport	Markus Günthardt (born 10 September 1957 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a former Swiss tennis player.	Markus Günthardt	tennis
sport	Mariano Hood (born August 14, 1973 in Buenos Aires) is a retired left-handed professional Argentine tennis player who specialized in doubles.	Mariano Hood	tennis
sport	The 2012 Swiss Figure Skating Championships were the Swiss Figure Skating Championships of the 2011-2012 figure skating season.	2012 Swiss Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Alar Varrak (born 20 April 1982 in Jõgeva) is an Estonian basketball coach and a former point guard.	Alar Varrak	basketball
sport	Sydmill Harris (born January 12, 1982 in Hoofddorp, Netherlands) is a former Dutch professional basketball player who played for Dutch Basketball League clubs Matrixx Magixx and Bergen op Zoom during the 2005-2007 seasons.	Sydmill Harris	basketball
sport	Radisav Ćurčić (Serbian: Радисав Ћурчић, Hebrew: ראדיסאב צ'ורצ'יץ'‎; born September 26, 1965 in Čačak, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Serbian basketball player, who also holds an Israeli citizenship.	Radisav Ćurčić	basketball
sport	Rashid Sidek (born 8 July 1968 in Banting, Selangor) is a former Malay professional badminton player from Malaysia.	Rashid Sidek	badminton
sport	The 2011 WTA Tour Championships (also known for sponsorship reasons as the 2011 TEB BNP Paribas WTA Championships) was a tennis tournament played at Istanbul, Turkey from October 25 to October 30, 2011.	2011 WTA Tour Championships	tennis
sport	The Sydney Bears are a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Penrith, New South Wales, who are members of the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL).	Sydney Bears	ice hockey
sport	The Ocean Grove Football Club is an Australian rules football club that plays in the Bellarine Football League (BFL) and situated in the town of Ocean Grove, Victoria, Australia.	Ocean Grove Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Alexandra Hills Australian Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the SEQAFL Div 2 it is now a first division contender.	Alexandra Hills Australian Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Kataja Basket Club is a professional basketball club of sports club Kataja from Joensuu, Finland.	Kataja Basket Club	basketball
sport	The 2008 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships were the Norwegian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007-2008 figure skating season.	2008 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Good Angels Košice is a women's basketball team based in Košice that plays in Slovak's domestic league and FIBA Europe's EuroLeague Women.	Good Angels Košice	basketball
sport	The International 20:20 Club Championship was an international Twenty20 competition for club cricket teams.	International 20:20 Club Championship	cricket
sport	Edvinas Šeškus (born 10 March 1995 in Prienai, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian basketball player currently playing for Vytautas Prienai-Birštonas of the Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL).	Edvinas Šeškus	basketball
sport	The 1st Chess Olympiad, organized by the FIDE and comprising an open and women's tournament, as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess, took place between July 18 and July 30, 1927, in London, United Kingdom.	1st Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	IF Linnéa used to be a big club with many sports, among them bandy, ice hockey, athletics and boxing.	IF Linnéa	bandy
sport	The 2000 Qatar Open, known as the 2000 Qatar Mobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament held in Doha, Qatar and played on outdoor hard courts.	2000 Qatar Open	tennis
sport	Robert Ironside (born 20 August 1967) is a former association football player who represented New Zealand internationally in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Robert Ironside	association football
sport	The London Meteorites, better known as the London Mets, are a British baseball team who play in the southern section of the BBF National League.	London Mets	baseball
sport	The 2012 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational was a professional golf tournament contested from August 2--5, 2012 on the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio.	2012 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational	golf
sport	The 2014 McDonald's All-American Boys Game is an All-star basketball game that was played on April 2, 2014 at the United Center in Chicago, home of the Chicago Bulls.	2014 McDonald's All-American Boys Game	basketball
sport	Roy Krishna (born 30 August 1987, in Labasa) is a Fijian association football player, who currently plays as a striker for Wellington Phoenix in the A-League.	Roy Krishna	association football
sport	Roger Åkerström (born April 5, 1967) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey player, currently employed as an assistant coach with Luleå HF of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL, formerly named Elitserien).	Roger Åkerström	ice hockey
sport	The Marlow Wolves are a British American football team based in Marlow, Buckinghamshire.	Marlow Wolves	American football
sport	The Southern Districts Football Club, nicknamed, Crocs, is an Australian rules football club established in 1981.	Southern Districts Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Ismaila Lassissi, sometimes also spelled Isimaila Lassissi (born 11 September 1969), is a former Ivorian rugby union footballer.	Ismaila Lassissi	rugby union
sport	Péter Ács (born 10 May 1981 in Eger, Hungary) is a Hungarian chess grandmaster (GM).	Péter Ács	chess
sport	The South Australian Women's cricket team (also known as the South Australian Scorpions and nicknamed ``Scorps'') is an Australian first-class cricket team based in Adelaide, South Australia.	South Australian Scorpions	cricket
sport	Chen Weixing (Simplified Chinese: 陈卫星 Hanyu Pinyin: Chén Wèixīng, Born April 27, 1972, Inner Mongolia, China) is an Austrian table tennis player of Chinese origin.	Chen Weixing	table tennis
sport	Alexander Goldin (born 27 February 1964) is an American chess grandmaster of Russian origin.	Alexander Goldin	chess
sport	The Walmart NW Arkansas Championship is a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour in Rogers, Arkansas.	Walmart NW Arkansas Championship	golf
sport	Julien Bonetat, (born June 28, 1971 in Tours) was a professional squash player who represented France.	Julien Bonetat	squash
sport	Torraye Braggs (born May 15, 1976 in Fresno, California) is an American professional basketball player, formerly of the NBA.	Torraye Braggs	basketball
sport	İbrahim Yıldırım (born January 15, 1990) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a combo guard for Uşak Sportif of the Turkish Basketball League.	İbrahim Yıldırım	basketball
sport	Isaac Walthour (August 25, 1930 -- September 10, 1977) was an American former professional basketball player.	Isaac Walthour	basketball
sport	Craig Burden (born 13 May 1985 in Durban, South Africa) is a rugby union player for Toulon in the French Top 14 competition.	Craig Burden	rugby union
sport	The Belize Basketball Federation (BBF) is the governing body for basketball in Belize and a recognized member of FIBA.	Belize Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Teddy Alfarero (April 2, 1963 -- May 5, 2004) was a Filipino former professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Teddy Alfarero	basketball
sport	George Rochon (born May 24, 1892) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player.	George Rochon	ice hockey
sport	The PGA European Tour is an organisation which operates the three leading men's professional golf tours in Europe: the elite European Tour, the European Seniors Tour and the developmental Challenge Tour.	PGA European Tour	golf
sport	Mestis (from 'Mestaruussarja', 'Championship series'), is the second-highest ice hockey league in Finland.	Mestis	ice hockey
sport	Martin Purdy (born 29 October 1981) is an English rugby union player who is currently playing for London Welsh.	Martin Purdy	rugby union
sport	Son Ho-sung (Korean: 손호성; born 23 November 1982 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey goalie.	Son Ho-sung	ice hockey
sport	Bob Wilkie (born February 11, 1969 in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired professional ice hockey player.	Bob Wilkie	ice hockey
sport	Anthoine Lussier (born 8 February 1983 in Bonneville) is a professional French ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men's ice hockey team.	Anthoine Lussier	ice hockey
sport	Grupo Desportivo de Maputo, usually known as Desportivo de Maputo, Desportivo Maputo or by the acronym GDM, is an association football club from Maputo, Mozambique.	Desportivo Maputo	association football
sport	Marius Copil (born 17 October 1990) is a Romanian tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour and a member of the Romanian Davis Cup team.	Marius Copil	tennis
sport	St Patrick's Rugby Club, also known as St Pats, is a rugby union club based in Strathfield, New South Wales.	St Patrick's Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The Carolina Thunderbirds were a professional ice hockey team located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, USA.	Carolina Thunderbirds	ice hockey
sport	The WCPW Ladies Championship (also called the WCPW Women's Championship) was a professional wrestling women's championship in Windy City Pro Wrestling (WCPW).	WCPW Ladies Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The San Antonio Wings were an American football team who played in the World Football League in 1974 and 1975.	San Antonio Wings	American football
sport	Mette Tranborg (born 1 January 1996) is a Danish handball player for SK Aarhus and the Danish national team.	Mette Tranborg	handball
sport	Amsterdam Pirates is a baseball and softball team in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Amsterdam Pirates	baseball	softball
sport	Jason Spitz (born December 19, 1982) is a former American football center who last played for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL).	Jason Spitz	American football
sport	The Union of Gymnastics Societies of France (French: Fédération française de gymnastique) was the governing body of gymnastics in France from 1873 to 1942.	Union of Gymnastics Societies of France	gymnastics
sport	Kerstin Szymkowiak (born Kerstin Jürgens on 19 December 1977 in Siegen) is a German retired skeleton racer who has competed since 2002.	Kerstin Szymkowiak	skeleton
sport	The Veli-Pekka Ketola trophy is an ice hockey trophy awarded by the Finnish Liiga to the player who scores the most points during regular season play.	Veli-Pekka Ketola trophy	ice hockey
sport	The Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir (also known as the Stade Olympique de Colombes, or simply Colombes to the locals) is a rugby, track and association football stadium in Colombes, near Paris, France.	Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir	association football
sport	The Euroleague Challenge 2007, also called CBA-Euroleague Challenge is the basketball tournament for clubs, progressing in China.The teams:	Euroleague Challenge 2007	basketball
sport	Brižitka Molnar (Serbian Cyrillic: Брижитка Молнар; born 28 July 1985 in Torak, Serbia) is a 184cm tall volleyball player who plays as an outside hitter for Panathinaikos.	Brižitka Molnar	volleyball
sport	Chase Field is a baseball park located in Downtown Phoenix, Arizona.	Chase Field	baseball
sport	Ladislav Kudrna (born January 10, 1977 in Czechoslovakia) is a professional ice hockey player.	Ladislav Kudrna	ice hockey
sport	Nikoloz Tskitishvili (Georgian: ნიკოლოზ ცქიტიშვილი; born April 14, 1983) is a Georgian professional basketball player for Champville of the Lebanese FLB League.	Nikoloz Tskitishvili	basketball
sport	The Winmau BDO World Trophy is the new major darts tournament run by the British Darts Organisation, hosted generally in February at Event City in Manchester.	BDO World Trophy	darts
sport	Dean Mumm (born 5 March 1984 in Auckland, New Zealand) is an Australian rugby union player currently playing for Australia.	Dean Mumm	rugby union
sport	Dola Banerjee (Bengali: দোলা ব্যানার্জি) (born 2 June 1980) is an Indian sportswoman who competes in archery.	Dola Banerjee	archery
sport	The Liga de Béisbol Profesional Roberto Clemente formerly known as Liga de Béisbol Profesional de Puerto Rico (lit. ``Professional Baseball League of Puerto Rico'' or LBPPR) and Puerto Rico Baseball League, is the main professional baseball league in Puerto Rico.	Liga de Béisbol Profesional Roberto Clemente	baseball
sport	The Web.com Tour Championship is the year-end golf tournament of the Web.com Tour.	Web.com Tour Championship	golf
sport	The 1985 ABN World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands.	1985 ABN World Tennis Tournament	tennis
sport	Evaldas Dainys (born 29 September 1982) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player born in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union.	Evaldas Dainys	basketball
sport	Stéphane Bohli (born 25 July 1983) is a professional tennis player from Switzerland.	Stéphane Bohli	tennis
sport	Viktoria Forst was a German association football club from the city of Forst (Lausitz), Brandenburg.	Viktoria Forst	association football
sport	The 1920 Rochester Jeffersons season was the franchise's inaugural season in the American Professional Football Association (APFA) and thirteenth as an American football team.	1920 Rochester Jeffersons season	American football
sport	Olivier Girault (born February 22, 1973 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a now retired French team handball player, who is currently the coach of the Paris Handball team.	Olivier Girault	handball
sport	Lucas Wallmark (born September 5, 1995) is a Swedish professional ice hockey center who is currently playing as a prospect within the Carolina Hurricanes organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Lucas Wallmark	ice hockey
sport	The Atlanta Thrashers were an American professional ice hockey team based in Atlanta, Georgia.	Atlanta Thrashers	ice hockey
sport	VfB Speldorf is a German association football club from the city of Mülheim an der Ruhr, North Rhine-Westphalia.	VfB Speldorf	association football
spouse	Hannelore Auer is an Austrian Schlager singer and film actress active as the manager to famous German singer Heino.	Hannelore Auer	Heino
spouse	Zoe Helene works and travels with her husband, Medicine Hunter Chris Kilham, a high-profile ethnobotanist, TV personality and author.	Zoe Helene	Chris Kilham
spouse	In Terminator Salvation, which is set fourteen years later in the year 2018, John Connor, portrayed by Christian Bale, is now an older, battle-experienced, resistance soldier married to Kate Brewster (Bryce Dallas Howard), who serves as a medic and is now pregnant with his child.	John Connor	Kate Brewster
spouse	Michèle Bennett (born 15 January 1950) is the former First Lady of Haiti and the ex‑wife of former President for Life of Haiti, Jean‑Claude Duvalier.	Michèle Bennett	Jean‑Claude Duvalier
spouse	Maria d'Este (8 December 1644 -- 20 August 1684) was a Modenese princess and Duchess of Parma as the wife of Ranuccio II Farnese, Duke of Parma.	Maria d'Este	Ranuccio II Farnese, Duke of Parma
spouse	Bob Desjarlais is married to former Member of Parliament Bev Desjarlais, and they have three sons and are now currently separated.	Bob Desjarlais	Bev Desjarlais
spouse	Juliane Lorenz (born 2 August 1957) is a German film editor best known for her work with and relationship to director Rainer Werner Fassbinder.	Juliane Lorenz	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
spouse	Fiorella Kostoris was married to the late Italian economist and politician Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa.	Fiorella Kostoris	Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa
spouse	Monique Nemni (born 1936) is a Canadian linguist and writer, best known for a series of biographies of former Prime Minister of Canada Pierre Trudeau which she cowrote with her husband Max Nemni.	Monique Nemni	Max Nemni
spouse	Hubert Bland (3 January 1855 -- 14 April 1914) was the husband of Edith Nesbit and was known for being an infamous libertine, a journalist, an early English socialist, and one of the founders of the Fabian Society.	Hubert Bland	Edith Nesbit
spouse	Mary Dimmick Harrison (April 30, 1858 -- January 5, 1948) was the second wife of the 23rd United States president Benjamin Harrison.	Mary Dimmick Harrison	Benjamin Harrison
spouse	Delenn, along with Jeffrey Sinclair and John Sheridan, is the catalyst for this change.	Delenn	John Sheridan
spouse	This followed the reading -- by agony aunt Deidre Sanders -- of a letter written by Alison Webster, the Page 3 photographer who is married to deputy editor Geoff Webster (who attended the meeting).''	Geoff Webster	Alison Webster
spouse	Then came the wise woman who was called Gróa, wife of Aurvandill the Valiant: she sang her spells over Thor until the hone was loosened.	Aurvandil	Gróa
spouse	Katherine Swynford, Duchess of Lancaster (also spelled Katharine or Catherine), was the third wife of John of Gaunt, Duke of Lancaster, a son of King Edward III. She had been the Duke's lover for many years before their marriage.	Katherine Swynford	John of Gaunt
spouse	Ora Jean Hazlewood (August 4, 1916 -- March 2, 1997) was an American screenwriter, and wife of actor Richard Widmark for 55 years.	Jean Hazlewood	Richard Widmark
spouse	Imelda Marcos (born July 2, 1929 in Manila, Philippines) is the widow of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos notable for her collection of shoes.	Imelda Marcos	Ferdinand Marcos
spouse	Longus's legend of Daphnis and Chloe describes two children who grow up together and gradually develop mutual love, eventually marrying after many adventures.	Daphnis	Chloe
spouse	Calvin Ellis Stowe (April 6, 1802 -- August 22, 1886) was an American Biblical scholar who helped spread public education in the United States, and the husband and literary agent of Harriet Beecher Stowe.	Calvin Ellis Stowe	Harriet Beecher Stowe
spouse	Keith married three times, first to Frances Helm; then, in 1954, to actress Judy Landon (who made a guest appearance on Family Affair); and finally, in 1970, to Hawaiian actress Victoria Young (née Leialoha), who later appeared on The Brian Keith Show as Nurse Puni.	Brian Keith	Judy Landon
spouse	Ronald Cheng started his relationship with Charlene Choi, a popular Hong Kong female singer and actress, in 2004, after starring as lovers in the film Hidden Heroes.	Ronald Cheng	Charlene Choi
spouse	Litzi Friedmann, born Alice Kohlmann (1910--1991), was an Austrian Communist of Jewish origins who was the first wife of Kim Philby, a member of the Cambridge Five.	Litzi Friedmann	Kim Philby
spouse	Catherine of Saxe-Lauenburg (Katarina in Swedish) (24 September 1513 -- 23 September 1535) was the first consort of Gustav I of Sweden and Queen of Sweden from 1531 until her death in 1535.	Catherine of Saxe-Lauenburg	Gustav I of Sweden
spouse	Konstantīns Raudive (1909 in Asūne, Vitebsk Governorate -- 1974) was a Latvian writer and intellectual, and husband of Zenta Mauriņa.	Konstantīns Raudive	Zenta Mauriņa
spouse	Zelda Fitzgerald (née Sayre; July 24, 1900 -- March 10, 1948) was an American socialite and novelist, and the wife of American author F. Scott Fitzgerald, whose work she strongly influenced.	Zelda Fitzgerald	F. Scott Fitzgerald
spouse	Polly Borland and her husband, director John Hillcoat, live in Los Angeles, California.	Polly Borland	John Hillcoat
spouse	Before marrying Rich Alvarez, Kyla held a concert at Teatrino, Greenhills on 11 November 2011 called Depidida de Soltera.	Kyla	Rich Alvarez
spouse	María Kodama Schweizer (born March 10, 1937) is the widow of Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges and sole owner of his estate after his death in 1986.	María Kodama	Jorge Luis Borges
spouse	Mary de Bohun (c. 1368 -- 4 June 1394) was the first wife of King Henry IV of England and the mother of King Henry V. Mary was never queen, as she died before her husband came to the throne.	Mary de Bohun	Henry IV of England
spouse	Liu Shishi acknowledged now-husband Nicky Wu on 13 November 2013 after the pair met on set in Scarlet Heart in 2011.	Liu Shishi	Nicky Wu
spouse	Benjamin Block, or Blok (1631--1690) was a seventeenth-century German - Hungarian Baroque painter who married the flower painter Anna Katharina Block.	Benjamin Block	Anna Katharina Block
spouse	Luo Yixiu (simplified Chinese: 罗一秀; traditional Chinese: 羅一秀; October 20, 1889 -- February 11, 1910), a Han Chinese woman, was the first wife of the later Chinese communist revolutionary and political leader Mao Zedong, to whom she was married from 1908 until her death.	Luo Yixiu	Mao Zedong
spouse	Maria Cristina of Savoy (Maria Cristina Carlotta Giuseppa Gaetana Efisia; 14 November 1812 -- 21 January 1836) was the first Queen consort of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies.	Maria Cristina of Savoy	Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies
spouse	Mary Fife Laning was an American painter and wife of the more prominent Edward Laning.	Mary Fife Laning	Edward Laning
spouse	Empress Xiaozheyi (25 July 1854 -- 27 March 1875), also known as the Jiashun Empress, was the Empress Consort of the Tongzhi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Empress Xiaozheyi	Tongzhi Emperor
spouse	Prince Henry, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (Heinrich Wladimir Albrecht Ernst; 19 April 1876 -- 3 July 1934), later Prince Henry of the Netherlands, was prince consort of the Netherlands as the husband of Queen Wilhelmina of the Netherlands.	Prince Henry, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin	Wilhelmina of the Netherlands
spouse	Zoe Zaoutzaina (died May 899) was the second wife of the Byzantine emperor Leo VI the Wise.	Zoe Zaoutzaina	Leo VI the Wise
spouse	Maximian had two children with his Syrian wife, Eutropia:	Maximian	Eutropia
spouse	Married to Tolui, Genghis' youngest son, Sorghaghtani Beki became one of the most powerful and competent women in the Mongol Empire.	Sorghaghtani Beki	Tolui
spouse	Satyabhama is the second most important wife of the Hindu god Krishna.	Satyabhama	Krishna
spouse	Isabelle Coutant-Peyre (born in 1952) is a French lawyer married to Ilich Ramírez Sánchez, the international terrorist better known as ``Carlos'' or ``Carlos the Jackal''.	Isabelle Coutant-Peyre	Ilich Ramírez Sánchez
spouse	Leïla Ben Ali (Arabic: ليلى بن علي‎, née Trabelssi; born 24 October 1956) is the wife of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who was President of Tunisia from 1987 to 2011.	Leïla Ben Ali	Zine El Abidine Ben Ali
spouse	In 2015, Damon Dash claimed that Jay Z tried to date Aaliyah, but she placed him in the ``friend zone''.	Aaliyah	Damon Dash
spouse	Jacquie Durrell separated from and then divorced Gerald Durrell in 1979, citing his increasing work pressure, associated alcoholism and mounting stress as causes.	Gerald Durrell	Jacquie Durrell
spouse	Pearl Hackney (28 October 1916 -- 18 September 2009) was a British actress and the wife of comedian Eric Barker.	Pearl Hackney	Eric Barker
spouse	Maymunah bint al-Harith al-Hilaliyah (Arabic: ميمونة بنت الحارث الهلالية‎, Maymūnah bint al-Ḥārith al-Hilālīyah) was a wife of Muhammad.	Maymunah bint al-Harith	Muhammad
voice type	Stefania Bonfadelli is an Italian operatic soprano.	Stefania Bonfadelli	soprano
voice type	Bo Skovhus (born May 22, 1962 in Ikast, Denmark) is a Danish opera singer (baritone).	Bo Skovhus	baritone
voice type	Mercedes Llopart (1895 - 2 September 1970) was a Spanish soprano who later became a notable singing teacher in Italy.	Mercedes Llopart	soprano
voice type	Antonello Palombi (born in Spoleto, Italy) is an Italian operatic tenor.	Antonello Palombi	tenor
voice type	Klaus Florian Vogt (born 1970, Heide, Schleswig-Holstein) is a German operatic tenor known for singing rôles written by Richard Wagner.	Klaus Florian Vogt	tenor
voice type	Kurt Baum (March 15, 1908 - December 27, 1989) was an Austria-Hungary born American operatic tenor.	Kurt Baum	tenor
voice type	Auguste von Müller (1848-1912) was a nineteenth-century German operatic mezzo-soprano and actress.	Auguste von Müller	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Balbina Steffenone (also spelled Bina or Steffanone or Steffenoni, 1825--1896) was a 19th-century soprano.	Balbina Steffenone	soprano
voice type	Nicolas-Marie Simon 'Simon-Max', born Reims in 1852, died 1923, was a French tenor, mainly active in Paris in the field of opera-bouffe.	Simon-Max	tenor
voice type	Sylvester Groth (born 31 March 1958) is a German film actor and tenor.	Sylvester Groth	tenor
voice type	Martin Petzold (born 1955) is a German classical tenor who performs in opera and in concert.	Martin Petzold	tenor
voice type	Benita Valente (born October 19, 1934), is a distinguished American soprano whose long career has encompassed the operatic stage as well as performance of lieder, chamber music and oratorio.	Benita Valente	soprano
voice type	Lisa Della Casa (2 February 1919 -- 10 December 2012) was a Swiss soprano most admired for her interpretations of major heroines in operas by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Richard Strauss, and of German lieder.	Lisa Della Casa	soprano
voice type	Shuna Scott Sendall; born 28 December 1975, is a Scottish dramatic soprano opera singer.	Shuna Scott Sendall	soprano
voice type	Carol Toscano is an American operatic soprano who appeared frequently with a number of prominent American opera companies from 1962-1972.	Carol Toscano	soprano
voice type	Walter Fredericks (1916--2000) was an American operatic tenor and concert singer active through the late 1940s to at least the 1980s.	Walter Fredericks	tenor
voice type	Tseten Dolma (Tibetan: ཚེ་བརྟན་སྒྲོལ་མ།, Wylie: tshe brtan sgrol ma, ZYPY: Cêdain Zhoima, Lhasa dialect IPA: (t͡sétɛ̃ ɖø ̀ːma); Chinese: 才旦卓玛; pinyin: Cáidàn Zhuōmǎ) is a Tibetan soprano.	Tseten Dolma	soprano
voice type	Filippo Coletti (11 May 1811 -- 13 June 1894) was an Italian baritone associated with Giuseppe Verdi.	Filippo Coletti	baritone
voice type	Raymond Michalski (born 8 June 1933) is an American operatic bass-baritone.	Raymond Michalski	bass
voice type	Cornelis Bronsgeest (24 July 1878 in Leiden - 22 September 1957 in Berlin) was a Dutch bass-baritone who made his career in Germany.	Cornelis Bronsgeest	baritone
voice type	Adelina Stehle (born Graz, 30 June 1860 -- died Milan, 24 December 1945) was an Austrian-born operatic soprano, associated almost entirely with the Italian repertory.	Adelina Stehle	soprano
voice type	Daniel Belcher is an American operatic baritone who has sung at many of the world's leading opera houses.	Daniel Belcher	baritone
voice type	Elisabete Matos, OIH is a Portuguese soprano.	Elisabete Matos	soprano
voice type	Wolfgang Holzmair (born 1952 in Vöcklabruck) is an Austrian baritone.	Wolfgang Holzmair	baritone
voice type	Antonio Denzio (23 September 1689 -- after 1763) was an Italian impresario, tenor, and librettist.	Antonio Denzio	tenor
voice type	Terry Wey ( born 15 September 1985) is a classical countertenor, specialising in historically informed performance.	Terry Wey	countertenor
voice type	Giannina Arangi-Lombardi (20 June 1891, Marigliano -- 9 July 1951, Milan) was a prominent spinto soprano, particularly associated with the Italian operatic repertory.	Giannina Arangi-Lombardi	soprano
voice type	Mark St. Laurent is an American bass-baritone and served on the Voice Faculty at New England Conservatory from 1989 to 2013.	Mark St. Laurent	bass
voice type	Maria Teresa Belloc-Giorgi (Bellochi; Giorgi-Belloc; née Maria Teresa Ottavia Faustina Trombetta) (2 July 1784 -- 13 May 1855) was an Italian composer and contralto.	Teresa Belloc-Giorgi	contralto
voice type	Margaret Lloyd (born 1973) is an American soprano who is particularly known for her performances in contemporary operas and concert works.	Margaret Lloyd	soprano
voice type	Lydia Caruana is a Maltese operatic soprano who performs in the opera houses and concert halls of Europe and her native Malta.	Lydia Caruana	soprano
voice type	Antonio Superchi (11 January 1816 -- 5 July 1893) was an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international career from 1838--1858.	Antonio Superchi	baritone
voice type	Jan van der Crabben (born 1964) is a Belgian baritone singer.	Jan van der Crabben	baritone
voice type	Michèle Crider is an American lirico spinto operatic soprano.	Michèle Crider	soprano
voice type	Fanny Holland (14 September 1847 -- 18 June 1931) was an English singer and comic actress primarily known as the creator of principal soprano roles in numerous German Reed Entertainments.	Fanny Holland	soprano
voice type	Franz Kelch (1 November 1915 -- 5 June 2013) was a German bass-baritone lied and oratorio singer.	Franz Kelch	bass
voice type	Rolando Panerai (born October 17, 1924) is an Italian baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Rolando Panerai	baritone
voice type	Therese Schnabel (née Behr; September 14, 1876 -- January 30, 1959) was a German contralto.	Therese Schnabel	contralto
voice type	Lorenza Pilar García Seta (January 16, 1928 -- June 2, 1996) was a Spanish (Aragonese) soprano who used the professional name Pilar Lorengar.	Pilar Lorengar	soprano
voice type	Marisa Galvany (born 19 June 1936) is an American soprano who had an active international career performing in operas and concerts up into the early 2000s.	Marisa Galvany	soprano
voice type	Maria Frances Parke (26 August 1772 -- 31 July 1822) was an English soprano, pianist and composer of keyboard works.	Maria Frances Parke	soprano
voice type	Maria Malibran (24 March 1808 -- 23 September 1836) was a Spanish mezzo-soprano who commonly sang both contralto and soprano parts, and was one of the most famous opera singers of the 19th century.	Maria Malibran	mezzo-soprano	soprano
voice type	Hayedeh (Persian: هایده‎‎), also transcribed as Haideh or Haydeh, born Ma'soumeh Dadehbala (معصومه دده بالا, April 10, 1942 -- January 20, 1990) was a popular singer of Persian classical and pop music with a contralto vocal range.	Hayedeh	contralto
voice type	Wilfred Brown (5 April 1921 -- 5 March 1971) was an accomplished English tenor.	Wilfred Brown	tenor
voice type	William Heddle Nash (14 June 1894 -- 14 August 1961) was an English lyric tenor who appeared in opera and oratorio in the middle decades of the twentieth century.	Heddle Nash	tenor
voice type	Ștefan Pop (born in Bistrița in 1987) is a Romanian operatic tenor.	Ștefan Pop	tenor
voice type	Emil Burian (12 December 1876 in Rakovník -- 9 October 1926 in Prague) was a Czech operatic baritone.	Emil Burian	baritone
voice type	Martin Krumbiegel (born 1963) is a German tenor, conductor and musicologist.	Martin Krumbiegel	tenor
voice type	Helge Nissen (5 September 1871 in Rydhave ved Holstebro -- 5 October 1926 in Copenhagen) was a Danish operatic bass-baritone, conductor, voice teacher, and film actor who was associated with the Royal Danish Theatre from 1897 until his death in 1926.	Helge Nissen	baritone
voice type	Dusolina Giannini (December 19, 1902 - June 29, 1986) was an Italian-American soprano, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Dusolina Giannini	soprano
voice type	Even though Curtis Womack often sang lead, Bobby Womack was allowed to sing alongside him showcasing his gruff baritone vocals in contrast to his older brother's smoother tenor.	Bobby Womack	baritone
voice type	Dezső Ernster (23 November 1898 -- 15 February 1981) was a Hungarian opera singer who sang leading bass roles with the New York Metropolitan Opera from 1946 to 1963.	Dezső Ernster	bass
voice type	Krisztina Laki (born 16 September 1944) is a Hungarian coloratura soprano who worked mainly on the opera stage in Germany, with guest appearances in major European opera houses.	Krisztina Laki	soprano
voice type	Vibeke Stene (pronounced vee-beh-keh) (born 17 August 1978) is a Norwegian soprano.	Vibeke Stene	soprano
voice type	Carole Farley is an American soprano and a principal singer at the Metropolitan Opera.	Carole Farley	soprano
voice type	Anita Hartig (born 1983) is a Romanian operatic soprano.	Anita Hartig	soprano
voice type	Teresa Ruggeri (sometimes spelled Ruggieri) was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active career from the 1820s through the 1840s.	Teresa Ruggeri	soprano
voice type	Jennifer Zetlan is an American operatic soprano who has sung leading roles with many opera companies in the United States, including the Metropolitan Opera, the Seattle Opera, and the Santa Fe Opera among others.	Jennifer Zetlan	soprano
voice type	José Luccioni (October 14, 1903 in Bastia -- October 5, 1978 in Marseille) was a French operatic tenor of Corsican origin.	José Luccioni	tenor
voice type	Jim Morrison's vocal influences included Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra, which is evident in his own baritone crooning style used in several of the Doors' songs and in the 1981 documentary The Doors:	Jim Morrison	baritone
voice type	Rosina Storchio (19 January 1876 -- 24 July 1945) was an Italian lyric soprano who starred in the world premieres of operas by Puccini, Leoncavallo, Mascagni and Giordano.	Rosina Storchio	soprano
voice type	Susanne Marsee (née Susan Irene Dowell, on November 26, 1941, in San Diego, California, and raised in Westchester, California) is an American mezzo-soprano of note, particularly acclaimed as a singing-actress.	Susanne Marsee	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Hélène Lindqvist (born in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish soprano singing opera, operetta, oratorio, art song and musical theater.	Hélène Lindqvist	soprano
