author	The Right to Read is a short story by Richard Stallman, the founder of the Free Software Foundation, which was first published in 1997 in Communications of the ACM.	The Right to Read	Richard Stallman
author	Today We Choose Faces is a 1973 science fiction novel by Roger Zelazny.	Today We Choose Faces	Roger Zelazny
author	Stranger on the Square is the third volume of Arthur Koestler's autobiography, published posthumously in 1984.	Stranger on the Square	Arthur Koestler
author	Smith's Bible Dictionary, originally named A Dictionary of the Bible, was a 19th-century Bible dictionary containing upwards of four thousand entries that became named after its editor, William Smith.	Smith's Bible Dictionary	William Smith
author	The Kalām Cosmological Argument (KCA) is a book written by William Lane Craig.	The Kalām Cosmological Argument	William Lane Craig
author	Odds On is Michael Crichton's first published novel.	Odds On	Michael Crichton
author	Questionable Content (abbreviated QC) is a slice of life webcomic written and drawn by Jeph Jacques.	Questionable Content	Jeph Jacques
author	The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs is a novel by Scottish author and academic Alexander McCall Smith.	The Finer Points of Sausage Dogs	Alexander McCall Smith
author	The GNU Manifesto was written by Richard Stallman and published in March 1985 in Dr. Dobb's Journal of Software Tools as an explanation and definition of the goals of the GNU Project, and to call for participation and support developing GNU, a free software computer operating system.	GNU Manifesto	Richard Stallman
author	Sweets and Other Stories is the 2009 debut novel by soul singer Andre Williams.	Sweets and Other Stories	Andre Williams
author	``A Pail of Air'' is a science fiction short story by Fritz Leiber which appeared in the December 1951 issue of Galaxy Magazine and was dramatized on the radio show X Minus One in March 1956.	A Pail of Air	Fritz Leiber
author	Kinflicks (1976) is a novel by American writer Lisa Alther.	Kinflicks	Lisa Alther
author	Flying Blind, Flying Safe is a non-fiction book about the American airline industry and Federal Aviation Administration, written by Mary Schiavo with Sabra Chartrand.	Flying Blind, Flying Safe	Mary Schiavo
author	Several histories of fourth-century Greece, written in the mold of Thucydides or straying from it, have borne the conventional Latin title Hellenica.	Hellenica	Thucydides
author	The Analysis of Beauty is a book written by William Hogarth (18th century English painter, satirist, and writer) and published in 1753, which describes Hogarth's theories of visual beauty and grace in a manner accessible to the common man of his day.	The Analysis of Beauty	William Hogarth
author	The Cosmic Geoids and One Other is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author John Taine (pseudonym of Eric Temple Bell).	The Cosmic Geoids and One Other	Eric Temple Bell
author	Emperor Shaka the Great is an epic poem based on the Zulu oral tradition, compiled in Zulu then translated by South African Poet Mazisi Kunene.	Emperor Shaka the Great	Mazisi Kunene
author	Yankee in Oz is a 1972 Oz novel by Ruth Plumly Thompson.	Yankee in Oz	Ruth Plumly Thompson
author	The Official Preppy Handbook (1980) is a tongue-in-cheek humor reference guide edited by Lisa Birnbach, written by Jonathan Roberts, Carol McD.	The Official Preppy Handbook	Lisa Birnbach
author	The Fool of Quality; or, The History of Henry, Earl of Moreland (1765-70), a picaresque and sentimental novel by the Irish writer Henry Brooke, is the only one of his works which has enjoyed any great reputation.	The Fool of Quality	Henry Brooke
author	Not Happy, John is a book written by Margo Kingston, an Australian journalist and political commentator.	Not Happy, John	Margo Kingston
author	Goddess of Yesterday is a book by Caroline B. Cooney based on the Trojan War from Greek mythology.	Goddess of Yesterday	Caroline B. Cooney
author	The Pirates of Zan is a science fiction novel by Murray Leinster, originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction in 1959 as ``The Pirates of Ersatz''.	The Pirates of Zan	Murray Leinster
author	Dusklands (1974) is the debut novel by J. M. Coetzee, winner of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Literature.	Dusklands	J. M. Coetzee
author	The Chocolate War is a young adult novel by American author Robert Cormier.	The Chocolate War	Robert Cormier
author	The Interruption of Everything is a 2005 book written by Terry McMillan.	The Interruption of Everything	Terry McMillan
author	No Business of Mine is a 1947 action thriller novel written by James Hadley Chase (under his pseudonym Raymond Marshall).	No Business of Mine	James Hadley Chase
author	The 25th Hour is the 2001 debut novel by David Benioff.	The 25th Hour	David Benioff
author	Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream is a 1996 book by John Derbyshire.	Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream	John Derbyshire
author	Bad Chili is a crime mystery novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Bad Chili	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Anastasia's Chosen Career (1987) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Anastasia's Chosen Career	Lois Lowry
author	``A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed'' is an indie-rock song written by Billy Reeves for Theaudience's eponymous album Theaudience, released as the third single on 11 May 1998.	A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed	Billy Reeves
author	Morgan's Run is a historical novel by Colleen McCullough published in 2000 about the life of an English prisoner driven to the first penal colonies in Australia in the 18th century.	Morgan's Run	Colleen McCullough
author	Without Sorcery is a collection of science fiction and fantasy short stories by author Theodore Sturgeon.	Without Sorcery	Theodore Sturgeon
author	Nada the Lily is an historical novel by English writer H. Rider Haggard, published in 1892.	Nada the Lily	H. Rider Haggard
author	Nick and the Glimmung is a children's science fiction novel, originally written by Philip K. Dick in 1966, it was first published by Gollancz in 1988.	Nick and the Glimmung	Philip K. Dick
author	Beside Still Waters is a nonfiction book by Gregg Easterbrook.	Beside Still Waters	Gregg Easterbrook
author	Buzz Aldrin, What Happened To You in All The Confusion? (Original title: Buzz Aldrin, hvor ble det av deg i alt mylderet?) is a novel by the Norwegian author Johan Harstad, published in 2005.	Buzz Aldrin, hvor ble det av deg i alt mylderet?	Johan Harstad
author	Siegwart, eine Klostergeschichte (``Siegwart, a Tale of the Cloister'', 1776) was a novel by Johann Martin Miller.	Siegwart, eine Klostergeschichte	Johann Martin Miller
author	Such Interesting Neighbors is a science fiction short story by Jack Finney, first published in 1951.	Such Interesting Neighbors	Jack Finney
author	Karachi, You're Killing Me! is a 2014 comedy crime-thriller novel by the Pakistani journalist-writer Saba Imtiaz.	Karachi, You're Killing Me!	Saba Imtiaz
author	The Sickness Unto Death (Danish: Sygdommen til Døden) is a book written by Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1849 under the pseudonym Anti-Climacus.	The Sickness Unto Death	Søren Kierkegaard
author	Far Lands, Other Days is a collection of fantasy, horror and mystery short stories by author E. Hoffmann Price.	Far Lands, Other Days	E. Hoffmann Price
author	Sky Coyote is a science fiction novel of The Company by Kage Baker.	Sky Coyote	Kage Baker
author	Blast Off at Woomera is a young adult science fiction novel, the first in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	Blast Off at Woomera	Hugh Walters
author	Races of the Wild was written by Skip Williams and published in February 2005.	Races of the Wild	Skip Williams
author	Tuan Direktur (literally Mr Director) is a 1939 novel by the Indonesian Muslim cleric and writer Haji Abdul Malik Karim Amrullah (Hamka).	Tuan Direktur	Hamka
author	The Edwardians (1930) is one of Vita Sackville-West's later novels and a clear critique of the Edwardian aristocratic society as well as a reflection of her own childhood experiences.	The Edwardians	Vita Sackville-West
author	The Essential Conan is a collection of fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard featuring his sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	The Essential Conan	Robert E. Howard
author	Othappu (English: Scandal or Temptation) is a Malayalam novel written by Sarah Joseph and published in 2005.	Othappu	Sarah Joseph
author	Red Strangers is a 1939 novel by Elspeth Huxley.	Red Strangers	Elspeth Huxley
author	Martin Sloane is Canadian author Michael Redhill's first novel, published in 2001 by Doubleday Canada.	Martin Sloane	Michael Redhill
author	Urban Decay in India (c. 300-c. 1000) is a book written by Ram Sharan Sharma published in 1987 by Munshiram Manoharlal, Delhi ISBN 978-8121500456.	Urban Decay in India (c. 300-c. 1000)	Ram Sharan Sharma
author	Nang Si Eba ay Likhain (When Eve was Created) is a Tagalog-language fictional romantic novel written by Filipino novelist Rosauro Almario in 1913.	Nang Si Eba ay Likhain	Rosauro Almario
author	Die schweigsame Frau (The Silent Woman), Op. 80, is a 1935 opera in three acts by Richard Strauss with libretto by Stefan Zweig after Ben Jonson's Epicoene, or the Silent Woman.	Die schweigsame Frau	Stefan Zweig
author	``The Secret Miracle'' is a short story by Argentine writer and poet Jorge Luis Borges.	The Secret Miracle	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Dangerous Kiss is a 1999 novel by Jackie Collins and the fifth novel in her Santangelo novels series.	Dangerous Kiss	Jackie Collins
author	Prelude to Space is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke in 1947.	Prelude to Space	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Fate of Worlds (2012) is the fifth and final book written in the Fleet of Worlds series, itself a subset of Larry Niven's Known Space series.	Fate of Worlds	Larry Niven
author	The Keeper's Price and Other Stories is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley.	The Keeper's Price	Marion Zimmer Bradley
author	Serpent Mage is the fourth book in The Death Gate Cycle series written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.	Serpent Mage	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	Cattail Moon (1994) is a young adult novel written by Jean Thesman.	Cattail Moon	Jean Thesman
author	The Ant and the Grasshopper, alternatively titled The Grasshopper and the Ant (or Ants), is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 373 in the Perry Index.	The Ant and the Grasshopper	Aesop
author	If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things is British writer Jon McGregor's first novel, which was first published by Bloomsbury in 2002.	If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things	Jon McGregor
author	The Death of Artemio Cruz (Spanish: La muerte de Artemio Cruz, pronounced: (aɾˈtemjo ˈkɾus)) is a novel written in 1962 by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes.	The Death of Artemio Cruz	Carlos Fuentes
author	Summer Knight is a 2002 New York Times Bestselling contemporary fantasy novel by author Jim Butcher.	Summer Knight	Jim Butcher
author	A Winter Haunting is a 2002 horror novel by American writer Dan Simmons.	A Winter Haunting	Dan Simmons
author	The Naked Public Square is a 1984 book written by then-Lutheran pastor Richard John Neuhaus about the relationship between religion, culture, and politics in the context of 1980s American secularism.	The Naked Public Square	Richard John Neuhaus
author	Death of a Hero is a World War I novel by Richard Aldington.	Death of a Hero	Richard Aldington
author	A Constellation of Vital Phenomena is a novel written by Anthony Marra, published February 4, 2014 by Hogarth.	A Constellation of Vital Phenomena	Anthony Marra
author	The Selling of the President 1968 is a non-fiction book written by American author Joe McGinniss and published by Trident Press in October, 1969.	The Selling of the President 1968	Joe McGinniss
author	Sun and Shadow (Sol och skugga) is a 1999 novel by Åke Edwardson, part of the Inspector Winter series.	Sun and Shadow	Åke Edwardson
author	On Heaven and Earth (Spanish: Sobre el cielo y la tierra) is a book that presents conversations between Argentine Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio, who later became Pope Francis, and Argentine rabbi Abraham Skorka.	On Heaven and Earth	Francis	Abraham Skorka
author	``The Bicentennial Man'' is a novelette in the Robot series by Isaac Asimov.	The Bicentennial Man	Isaac Asimov
author	Songs of Kabir is a 1915 book consisting of 100 poems of Kabir, the 15th-century Indian poet and mystic, translated to English by Rabindranath Tagore.	Songs of Kabir	Rabindranath Tagore
author	Three Golden Rivers is an historical, young-adult novel by the American writer Olive Price.	Three Golden Rivers	Olive Price
author	Los autonautas de la cosmopista (``The Autonauts of the Cosmoroute'') is a book written by Julio Cortázar in collaboration with Carol Dunlop, who died shortly before it was published.	Los autonautas de la cosmopista	Julio Cortázar	Carol Dunlop
author	Portuguese Irregular Verbs is a short comic novel by Alexander McCall Smith, and the first of McCall Smith's Professor Dr von Igelfeld novels.	Portuguese Irregular Verbs	Alexander McCall Smith
author	The Philobiblon is a collection of essays concerning the acquisition, preservation, and organization of books written by the mediaeval bibliophile Richard de Bury shortly before his death in 1345.	The Philobiblon	Richard de Bury
author	Hermsprong: or, Man As He Is Not is a 1796 philosophical novel by Robert Bage.	Hermsprong	Robert Bage
author	Father Malachy's Miracle is a 1931 novel by the Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Father Malachy's Miracle	Bruce Marshall
author	``Politics and the English Language'' (1946) is an essay by George Orwell that criticises the ``ugly and inaccurate'' written English of his time and examines the connection between political orthodoxies and the debasement of language.	Politics and the English Language	George Orwell
author	Norse Code is the first novel by science fiction and fantasy author Greg van Eekhout.	Norse Code	Greg van Eekhout
author	The Whispering Road is a children's book by Livi Michael, published in 2005.	The Whispering Road	Livi Michael
author	De doctrina christiana (English: On Christian Doctrine or On Christian Teaching) is a theological text written by St. Augustine of Hippo.	De doctrina christiana	Augustine of Hippo
author	The Corsair is a tale in verse by Lord Byron published in 1814 (see 1814 in poetry), which was extremely popular and influential in its day, selling ten thousand copies on its first day of sale.	The Corsair	Lord Byron
author	The Sneetches and Other Stories is a collection of stories by American author Dr. Seuss, published in 1961.	The Sneetches and Other Stories	Dr. Seuss
author	The Sword of the Dawn is a novel by British author Michael Moorcock, and was first published in 1968.	The Sword of the Dawn	Michael Moorcock
author	The Spring of the Moonstone' and its Finnish original, Kuukiven kevät (Finnish: The Spring of the Moonstone) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Kuukiven kevät	Kaari Utrio
author	World's Best Science Fiction: 1969 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr, the fifth volume in a series of seven.	World's Best Science Fiction: 1969	Terry Carr
author	Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving is the third book of nonfiction by Bram Stoker (the author of Dracula), published in 1906.	Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving	Bram Stoker
author	A Teaspoon Every Four Hours is a comedy play written by Jackie Mason and Mike Mortman which was produced on Broadway in 1969.	A Teaspoon Every Four Hours	Jackie Mason
author	The Pergamon World Atlas (in English, 1968) was originally prepared by the Polish Army Topographical Service.	Pergamon World Atlas	Polish Army Topographical Service
author	In Secret Tibet (In disguise amongst lamas, robbers, and wise men) is a travel book by author Theodore Illion, first published in English in 1937.	In Secret Tibet	Theodore Illion
author	A Morgadinha dos Canaviais is a Portuguese romance novel by Júlio Dinis, published in 1868.	A Morgadinha dos Canaviais	Júlio Dinis
author	The Rise of Scourge is an original English-language manga book written by Erin Hunter and Dan Jolley as part of the Warriors series.	The Rise of Scourge	Erin Hunter	Dan Jolley
author	Invasion from 2500 is a science fiction novel written by Ted White and Terry Carr in 1964 under the pseudonym Norman Edwards and published by Monarch Books, in August 1964,	Invasion from 2500	Ted White	Terry Carr
author	The Loch is a science fiction novel and Legal thriller by Steve Alten, and was first published in 2005.	The Loch	Steve Alten
author	The Seven Fabulous Wonders is a fantasy series by Katherine Roberts currently comprising seven novels.	The Seven Fabulous Wonders	Katherine Roberts
author	The Miocene Arrow is a post-apocalyptic novel by Sean McMullen.	The Miocene Arrow	Sean McMullen
author	Ugly To Start With (2011) is a young adult literary novel in the form of linked short stories by John Michael Cummings about the growing pains of a teenage artist in an American tourist town.	Ugly To Start With	John Michael Cummings
author	``The Ungoverned'' is a 1985 science fiction novella by Vernor Vinge, set between his novels The Peace War and Marooned in Realtime.	The Ungoverned	Vernor Vinge
author	Towers of Midnight by Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson, is the sequel to the novel The Gathering Storm, and the 13th book in the Wheel of Time series.	Towers of Midnight	Robert Jordan	Brandon Sanderson
author	The Demon Spirit is the second book in the first DemonWars Saga trilogy by R. A. Salvatore.	The Demon Spirit	R. A. Salvatore
author	Tribulations of a Chinaman in China (French: Les Tribulations d'un Chinois en Chine) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne, first published in 1879.	Tribulations of a Chinaman in China	Jules Verne
author	The Girls Get Even is a children's novel by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor published by Random House, originally in 1993.	The Girls Get Even	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
author	The Last Ringbearer (Russian: Последний кольценосец) is a 1999 fantasy book by Russian author Kirill Eskov.	The Last Ringbearer	Kirill Eskov
author	Makamisa (English: After Mass) is an unfinished novel written by Filipino patriot and writer José Rizal.	Makamisa	José Rizal
author	The OMAC Project is a six issue American comic book limited series written by Greg Rucka with art by Jesus Saiz and published by DC Comics in 2005.	The OMAC Project	Greg Rucka
author	New Writings in SF 16 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell, the sixteenth volume in a series of thirty, of which he edited the first twenty-one.	New Writings in SF 16	John Carnell
author	Caravan to Vaccarès is a novel by Scottish author Alistair MacLean, originally published in 1969 with a cover by Norman Weaver.	Caravan to Vaccarès	Alistair MacLean
author	Already Dead is a 2005 pulp-noir / horror novel by Charlie Huston and published in 2005.	Already Dead	Charlie Huston
author	``Murder Mysteries'' is a fantasy short story by Neil Gaiman first published in the 1992 anthology Midnight Graffiti and later collected in his collection Smoke and Mirrors.	Murder Mysteries	Neil Gaiman
author	Permutation City is a 1994 science fiction novel by Greg Egan that explores many concepts, including quantum ontology, via various philosophical aspects of artificial life and simulated reality.	Permutation City	Greg Egan
author	``The Soft Weapon'' is a science fiction short story written in 1967 by Larry Niven, set in his Known Space universe.	The Soft Weapon	Larry Niven
author	Buffalo Gals, Won't You Come Out Tonight is a science fiction novelette by Ursula K. Le Guin, originally published in the November 1987 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and collected in Buffalo Gals and Other Animal Presences.	Buffalo Gals, Won't You Come Out Tonight	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	The QI Book of the Dead (sold as The Book of the Dead in the United States) is the fourth title in a series of books based on the intellectual British panel game QI, written by series-creator John Lloyd and head-researcher John Mitchinson.	The QI Book of the Dead	John Lloyd	John Mitchinson
author	Hingede öö (English: All Souls' Night or Night of Souls) is a novel by the Estonian author Karl Ristikivi.	Hingede öö	Karl Ristikivi
author	The Old World Landowners (Старосветские помещики, Starosvyetskiye pomeshchiki), a short story written in 1835, is the first tale in the Mirgorod collection by Nikolai Gogol.	The Old World Landowners	Nikolai Gogol
author	``Bâtard'' is a short story by Jack London, first published in 1902 under the title ``Diable --	Bâtard	Jack London
author	An Amateur Laborer is an autobiographical book by Theodore Dreiser.	An Amateur Laborer	Theodore Dreiser
author	Science, Order, and Creativity is a book by theoretical physicist David Bohm and physicist and writer F. David Peat.	Science, Order, and Creativity	David Bohm	F. David Peat
author	Perfect Chemistry is the first novel in the trilogy written by author Simone Elkeles and published by Walker Books for Young Readers in 2009 and also made it on the New York Times Best Sellers List.	Perfect Chemistry	Simone Elkeles
author	Stori Telling, stylized as sTORI TELLING, is a 2008 book by Tori Spelling and Hilary Liftin.	Stori Telling	Tori Spelling
author	The Origin of Birds is an early synopsis of bird evolution written in 1926 by Gerhard Heilmann, a Danish artist and amateur zoologist.	The Origin of Birds	Gerhard Heilmann
author	The Whipping Boy is a Newbery medal-winning children's book by Sid Fleischman, published in 1987.	The Whipping Boy	Sid Fleischman
author	Simulacron-3 (1964) (also published as Counterfeit World), by Daniel F. Galouye, is an American science fiction novel featuring an early literary description of virtual reality.	Simulacron-3	Daniel F. Galouye
author	In the Shadow of Midnight is a 1994 historical novel by Canadian author Marsha Canham, the second instalment of her ``Medieval'' trilogy inspired by the Robin Hood legend set in 13th-century England.	In the Shadow of Midnight	Marsha Canham
author	Autobiography of a Yogi is an autobiography of Paramahansa Yogananda (January 5, 1893--March 7, 1952) first published in 1946.	Autobiography of a Yogi	Paramahansa Yogananda
author	PopCo (2004) is a novel by British author Scarlett Thomas.	PopCo	Scarlett Thomas
author	Glass Town is a fictitious world created by siblings of the Brontë family--	Glass Town	Brontë family
author	Le Rose et le Vert (French for The Pink and the Green) is an unfinished novel by Stendhal.	The Pink and the Green	Stendhal
author	Dorothy Must Die is a 2014 young adult book by Danielle Paige and her debut novel.	Dorothy Must Die	Danielle Paige
author	The Fortunes of Richard Mahony is a three-part novel by Australian writer Ethel Florence Lindesay Richardson under her pen name of Henry Handel Richardson.	The Fortunes of Richard Mahony	Henry Handel Richardson
author	On the Pope (Du Pape) is an 1819 book written by Savoyard philosopher Joseph de Maistre, which many consider to be his literary masterpiece.	On the Pope	Joseph de Maistre
author	Girls under Pressure is the second book in the Girls series, written by Dame Jacqueline Wilson, DBE, a noted English author who writes fiction for children.	Girls under Pressure	Jacqueline Wilson
author	The Patron Saint of Eels (2005) is a novel by Australian author Gregory Day.	The Patron Saint of Eels	Gregory Day
author	``The War Prayer,'' a short story or prose poem by Mark Twain, is a scathing indictment of war, and particularly of blind patriotic and religious fervor as motivations for war.	The War Prayer	Mark Twain
author	Faerie Tale is a supernatural thriller, falling within the subgenre of contemporary fantasy, by Raymond E. Feist, first published in 1988.	Faerie Tale	Raymond E. Feist
author	The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science is a general guide to the sciences written by Isaac Asimov.	The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science	Isaac Asimov
author	The Female Man is a feminist science fiction novel written by Joanna Russ.	The Female Man	Joanna Russ
author	The Beauty Queen of Leenane is a 1996 black comedy by Irish playwright Martin McDonagh which was premiered by the Druid Theatre Company in Galway, Ireland.	The Beauty Queen of Leenane	Martin McDonagh
author	Two Leaves and a Bud is a novel by Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1937.	Two Leaves and a Bud	Mulk Raj Anand
author	The Form of Presbyterial Church Government is a document drawn up by the Westminster Assembly dealing with Presbyterian polity.	The Form of Presbyterial Church Government	Westminster Assembly
author	The Crossovers is a comic book series created in 2003 by Robert Rodi (writer), Mauricet (penciller #1-6) and Ernie Colón (inker), and published by CrossGen.	The Crossovers	Robert Rodi
author	The Supernaturalist is a science fiction novel by Irish author Eoin Colfer.	The Supernaturalist	Eoin Colfer
author	``The Long Rain'' is a short story by science fiction author Ray Bradbury.	The Long Rain	Ray Bradbury
author	Cubitus was created by the Belgian cartoonist Dupa, and features Cubitus, a large anthropomorphic dog, who lives with his owner Semaphore.	Cubitus	Dupa
author	The Story of Egmo is a popular ebook and audiobook by Ben Cormack originally available in late 2006.	The Story of Egmo	Ben Cormack
author	Flip-Flop Girl is a 1994 children's novel written by U.S. novelist Katherine Paterson.	Flip-Flop Girl	Katherine Paterson
author	The Defenestration of Ermintrude Inch is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke anthologized in Tales from the White Hart.	The Defenestration of Ermintrude Inch	Arthur C. Clarke
author	``The TNT Punch'' is a Sailor Steve Costigan short story by Robert E. Howard.	The TNT Punch	Robert E. Howard
author	The Lost Father is a novel written by American novelist Mona Simpson.	The Lost Father	Mona Simpson
author	The Broken Sword is a fantasy novel written by Poul Anderson, originally published in 1954.	The Broken Sword	Poul Anderson
author	O Cabeleira (English: Cabeleira) is a 1876 Regionalist novel by Brazilian Romantic author Franklin Távora.	O Cabeleira	Franklin Távora
author	The Devil and Sonny Liston is a biography of world heavyweight champion boxer Sonny Liston by Nick Tosches.	The Devil and Sonny Liston	Nick Tosches
author	The Sevenwaters Trilogy is a historical fantasy series by Juliet Marillier which was first published as a series of three novels between 1999 and 2001, and then later extended.	The Sevenwaters Trilogy	Juliet Marillier
author	The Worm Ouroboros is a heroic high fantasy novel by Eric Rücker Eddison, first published in 1922.	The Worm Ouroboros	Eric Rücker Eddison
author	What Katy Did is an 1872 children's book written by Sarah Chauncey Woolsey under her pen name Susan Coolidge.	What Katy Did	Sarah Chauncey Woolsey
author	The Castle of Indolence is a poem written by James Thomson, a Scottish poet of the 18th century, in 1748.	The Castle of Indolence	James Thomson
author	Suburbia Highschool (also known as Sub High) is a German comic written and illustrated by David Füleki and first published by Delfinium Prints in 2008.	Suburbia Highschool	David Füleki
author	White Niggers of America (French: Les Nègres blancs d'Amérique) is a work of non-fiction literature written by Pierre Vallières, a leader of the Front de libération du Québec.	White Niggers of America	Pierre Vallières
author	Kiss Mommy Goodbye is a 1981 psychological thriller novel by Joy Fielding.	Kiss Mommy Goodbye	Joy Fielding
author	The Raw Youth (Russian: Подросток, Podrostok), also published as The Adolescent or An Accidental Family, is a novel by Russian writer Fyodor Dostoyevsky, first published in 1875.	The Raw Youth	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
author	Sideways Stories from Wayside School is a 1978 children's novel by American author Louis Sachar, and the first book in the Wayside School series.	Sideways Stories from Wayside School	Louis Sachar
author	Achille Talon is a Franco-Belgian comics series featuring an eponymous main character, created by Greg (the pseudonym of Michel Regnier).	Achille Talon	Greg
author	An April Shroud is a crime novel written by Reginald Hill, it is also the fourth novel in the Dalziel and Pascoe series.	An April Shroud	Reginald Hill
author	The Stoic is a novel by Theodore Dreiser, first published in 1947.	The Stoic	Theodore Dreiser
author	Critica Botanica (``Critique of botany'', Leiden, July, 1737) was written by Swedish botanist, physician, zoologist and naturalist Carl Linnaeus (1707--1778).	Critica Botanica	Carl Linnaeus
author	Vinyl Cafe Diaries (2003) is Stuart McLean's fourth volume of stories that first aired on the CBC Radio program The Vinyl Cafe.	Vinyl Cafe Diaries	Stuart McLean
author	Lily's Crossing is a young adult novel by the American author Patricia Reilly Giff published in 1997.	Lily's Crossing	Patricia Reilly Giff
author	Asimov's Mysteries, published in 1968, is a collection of 14 short stories by Isaac Asimov, almost all of them science fiction mysteries (although, as Asimov admits in the introduction, some are only borderline).	Asimov's Mysteries	Isaac Asimov
author	Horrible Science is a sister series of books to Horrible Histories, written by Nick Arnold (with the exception of Evolve or Die, which is written by Phil Gates), illustrated by Tony de Saulles and published in the UK and India by Scholastic.	Horrible Science	Nick Arnold
author	This Bleeding City is a 2010 novel by British author Alex Preston and his debut novel.	This Bleeding City	Alex Preston
author	The Wolves in the Walls is a book by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean, published in 2003, in the United States by HarperCollins, and in the United Kingdom by Bloomsbury.	The Wolves in the Walls	Neil Gaiman	Dave McKean
author	Why Paint Cats is a comedy book written by New Zealand author Burton Silver and illustrator Heather Busch.	Why Paint Cats	Burton Silver
author	Secrets of the Alchemist Dar is a book written by Michael Stadther and published in September 2006 by the author's company, Treasure Trove, Inc. The book's story is about fairies and other imaginary creatures.	Secrets of the Alchemist Dar	Michael Stadther
author	Barsoom is a fictional representation of the planet Mars created by American pulp fiction author Edgar Rice Burroughs.	Barsoom	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Dead By Sunset is a 1995 true crime nonfiction book by author Ann Rule.	Dead By Sunset	Ann Rule
author	The Festival of San Joaquin is a 1997 novel and the third from Belizean-American Zee Edgell.	The Festival of San Joaquin	Zee Edgell
author	That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French (referring to déjà vu) is a short story by Stephen King.	That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French	Stephen King
author	Burden of Desire (1992) is a large mass-market book based on the Halifax Explosion of 1917 written by Canadian-born journalist Robert MacNeil.	Burden of Desire	Robert MacNeil
author	Łaski's Statutes were drawn up by Chancellor and Primate Jan Łaski (hence they are named for him) and consolidated nearly all the legislation that had earlier appeared in Poland.	Łaski's Statute	Jan Łaski
author	A Sorrow Beyond Dreams (German: Wunschloses Unglück) is a 1972 semi-autobiographical novella by the Austrian writer Peter Handke.	A Sorrow Beyond Dreams	Peter Handke
author	Silent Coup is a book written by Len Colodny and Robert Gettlin, in which they contend that former Nixon White House counsel John Dean orchestrated the 1972 Watergate burglary at Democratic National Committee headquarters to protect his future wife Maureen Biner by removing information linking her to a call-girl ring that worked for the DNC.	Silent Coup	Len Colodny	Robert Gettlin
author	Blood Knot is an early play by South African playwright, actor, and director Athol Fugard.	Blood Knot	Athol Fugard
author	A Clean Breast is film director Russ Meyer's self-published three volume autobiography.	A Clean Breast	Russ Meyer
author	Elizabeth Appleton is a novel by John O'Hara first published in 1963.	Elizabeth Appleton	John O'Hara
author	The Manticore is the second novel in Robertson Davies' Deptford Trilogy.	The Manticore	Robertson Davies
author	All Star Batman & Robin, the Boy Wonder is an American comic book series written by Frank Miller and penciled by Jim Lee.	All Star Batman & Robin, the Boy Wonder	Frank Miller
author	The Hawk in the Rain is a collection of poems by the British poet Ted Hughes.	The Hawk in the Rain	Ted Hughes
author	The Foundation series is a science fiction series by Isaac Asimov.	Foundation series	Isaac Asimov
author	Siberia, Siberia (Russian: Сибирь, Сибирь...) is a non-fiction book by the Russian writer Valentin Rasputin.	Siberia, Siberia	Valentin Rasputin
author	The Worthing Chronicle (1983) is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card set in the Worthing series.	The Worthing Chronicle	Orson Scott Card
author	The Gentleman from San Francisco (Господин из Сан-Франциско, Gospodin iz San Frantsisco) is a short story by a Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin, written in 1915 and published the same year in Moscow, in the 5th volume of Slovo (Word) anthology.	The Gentleman from San Francisco	Ivan Bunin
author	Gideon's Trumpet is a book by Anthony Lewis describing the story behind Gideon v. Wainwright, in which the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that criminal defendants have the right to an attorney even if they cannot afford it.	Gideon's Trumpet	Anthony Lewis
author	A Dream Play (Swedish: Ett drömspel) was written in 1901 by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg.	A Dream Play	August Strindberg
author	A Scanner Darkly is a BSFA Award-winning 1977 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick.	A Scanner Darkly	Philip K. Dick
author	The Reckoners is a young adult fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson.	The Reckoners	Brandon Sanderson
author	The Dark Path is the second novel in the series by Walter H. Hunt.	The Dark Path	Walter H. Hunt
author	Unstrange Minds is a nonfiction book by anthropologist Roy Richard Grinker about the rise in autism diagnoses throughout the world over the last twenty years.	Unstrange Minds	Roy Richard Grinker
author	Viajero, Spanish for ``The Wanderer'' or ``The Traveller'', is a 1993 English-language novel written by multi-award winning Filipino author F. Sionil José.	Viajero	F. Sionil José
author	The Future of the American Negro, a book written in 1899 by American educator Booker T. Washington, set forth his ideas regarding the history of enslaved and freed African-American people and their need for education to advance themselves.	The Future of the American Negro	Booker T. Washington
author	The Scar is the second Bas-Lag novel, and third overall, written by China Miéville, a self-described ``weird fiction'' writer from London, England.	The Scar	China Miéville
author	The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee is a 1993 American novel by Matthew Stadler.	The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee	Matthew Stadler
author	Room 13 is a children's novel written by the acclaimed award winning children's author Robert Swindells.	Room 13	Robert Swindells
author	Farthest Reach is a 2005 fantasy novel by Richard Baker, set in the Dungeons & Dragons Forgotten Realms fictional universe.	Farthest Reach	Richard Baker
author	``Feludar Goendagiri (English title ''Danger in Darjeeling``)'' is a short story written by Satyajit Ray featuring private detective Feluda.	Feludar Goendagiri	Satyajit Ray
author	The Paradise Bargain is an historical, romance novel by the American writer Betina Krahn.	The Paradise Bargain	Betina Krahn
author	High Hunt is the first published novel of David Eddings, first copyrighted in 1973 by a private publisher, its copyright was renewed in 1993 in New York and then in 1994 by Del Rey books in London.	High Hunt	David Eddings
author	Marx's Theory of Ideology is a 1982 book about Karl Marx by Bhikhu Parekh.	Marx's Theory of Ideology	Bhikhu Parekh
author	How to Talk Dirty and Influence People is an autobiography by Lenny Bruce, an American satirist and comedian, who died in 1966 at age 40 of a drug overdose.	How to Talk Dirty and Influence People	Lenny Bruce
author	``Young Goodman Brown'' is a short story published in 1835 by American writer Nathaniel Hawthorne.	Young Goodman Brown	Nathaniel Hawthorne
author	Jurgen, A Comedy of Justice is a fantasy book by James Branch Cabell, the eighth among his fifty-two books, which gained fame (or notoriety) shortly after its publication in 1919.	Jurgen, A Comedy of Justice	James Branch Cabell
author	Pure Drivel is a collection of stories by Steve Martin, published in 1998, many of which first appeared in The New Yorker.	Pure Drivel	Steve Martin
author	Certain Personal Matters is an 1897 collection of essays selected by H. G. Wells from among the many short essays and ephemeral pieces he had written since 1893.	Certain Personal Matters	H. G. Wells
author	A Storyteller in Zion (1993) is a collection of short stories and articles by Orson Scott Card.	A Storyteller in Zion	Orson Scott Card
author	The Blood Doctor is a novel by British writer Ruth Rendell, written under the pseudonym Barbara Vine.	The Blood Doctor	Ruth Rendell
author	The Proofreaders' Page and Other Uncollected Items was an attempt to collect as many uncollected works by Fredric Brown as possible.	The Proofreaders' Page and Other Uncollected Items	Fredric Brown
author	Love is a Mix Tape is an autobiography memoir by Rob Sheffield.	Love is a Mix Tape	Rob Sheffield
author	The Dalek Factor is an original novella written by Simon Clark and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	The Dalek Factor	Simon Clark
author	Les Aventures de Tanguy et Laverdure is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by Jean-Michel Charlier and Albert Uderzo, about the two pilots Michel Tanguy and Ernest Laverdure, and their adventures in the French Air Force.	Tanguy et Laverdure	Jean-Michel Charlier
author	An Inspector Calls is a play written by English dramatist J. B. Priestley, first performed in 1945 in the Soviet Union and in 1946 in the UK.	An Inspector Calls	J. B. Priestley
author	The Return of John MacNab was the second novel by Scottish writer Andrew Greig.	The Return of John MacNab	Andrew Greig
author	``Grotto of the Dancing Deer'' is one of Clifford D. Simak's later short stories.	Grotto of the Dancing Deer	Clifford D. Simak
author	My Friend Walter is a children's fiction novel by Michael Morpurgo.	My Friend Walter	Michael Morpurgo
author	The Family Arsenal is a novel by Paul Theroux originally published in 1976.	The Family Arsenal	Paul Theroux
author	First Among Sequels is an alternate history, comic fantasy novel by the British author Jasper Fforde.	First Among Sequels	Jasper Fforde
author	Our Ancestors (Italian: I Nostri Antenati) is the name of Italo Calvino's ``heraldic trilogy'' that comprises The Cloven Viscount (1952), The Baron in the Trees (1957), and The Nonexistent Knight (1959).	Our Ancestors	Italo Calvino
author	The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam is a compilation of lectures delivered by Muhammad Iqbal on Islamic philosophy and published in 1930.	The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam	Muhammad Iqbal
author	The 13-Storey Treehouse is a 2011 book written by author Andy Griffiths and illustrated by Terry Denton, and a stage play based on the book.	The 13-Storey Treehouse	Andy Griffiths
author	Sorcery! is a single-player four-part adventure gamebook series written by Steve Jackson and illustrated by John Blanche.	Sorcery!	Steve Jackson
author	The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip is short story writer George Saunders's first children's book.	The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip	George Saunders
author	The Dream Room (German: Die Traumbude) was Erich Maria Remarque's first novel.	The Dream Room	Erich Maria Remarque
author	Professor Dowell's Head is a 1925 science fiction novel by Russian author Alexander Belyayev.	Professor Dowell's Head	Alexander Belyayev
author	Ruled Britannia is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove, first published in hardcover by New American Library in 2002.	Ruled Britannia	Harry Turtledove
author	The Ganymede Takeover is a 1967 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick and Ray Nelson.	The Ganymede Takeover	Philip K. Dick	Ray Nelson
author	LETTERS is an epistolary novel by the American writer John Barth, published in 1979.	LETTERS	John Barth
author	Man Equals Man (German: Mann ist Mann), or A Man's a Man, is a play by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht.	Man Equals Man	Bertolt Brecht
author	Beyond the Fringe was a British comedy stage revue written and performed by Peter Cook, Dudley Moore, Alan Bennett, and Jonathan Miller.	Beyond the Fringe	Peter Cook	Dudley Moore	Alan Bennett	Jonathan Miller
author	A Sword from Red Ice is the third book in the Sword of Shadows fantasy series by J. V. Jones.	A Sword from Red Ice	J. V. Jones
author	Desert of the Heart is a 1964 lesbian-themed novel written by Jane Rule.	Desert of the Heart	Jane Rule
author	The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt (1979) is a biography of United States President Theodore Roosevelt by Edmund Morris and published by Coward, McCann & Geoghegan when the author was forty years old.	The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt	Edmund Morris
author	The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner, (Full title, The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner: Written by Himself: With a detail of curious traditionary facts and other evidence by the editor) is a novel by the Scottish author James Hogg, published anonymously in 1824.	The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner	James Hogg
author	Letter to a Christian Nation is a book by Sam Harris, written in response to feedback he received following the publication of his first book The End of Faith.	Letter to a Christian Nation	Sam Harris
author	Kathabeejam (The Germ of a Story) is a one-act play written by Malayalam language author Vaikom Muhammad Basheer.	Kathabeejam	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
author	``Herman Wouk Is Still Alive'' is a 6,500-word short story by American author Stephen King.	Herman Wouk Is Still Alive	Stephen King
author	The Man Who Japed is a science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick, first published in 1956.	The Man Who Japed	Philip K. Dick
author	Turtle in Paradise is a 2010 Newbery Honor Book by Jennifer L. Holm.	Turtle in Paradise	Jennifer L. Holm
author	The Bushbabies is a children's novel by Canadian author William Stevenson published in 1965.	The Bushbabies	William Stevenson
author	Lost Cities and Vanished Civilizations is a 1962 book by Robert Silverberg that deals with the then-current archaeology studies of six past civilizations.	Lost Cities and Vanished Civilizations	Robert Silverberg
author	The Stars, Like Dust is a 1951 science fiction mystery book by writer Isaac Asimov.	The Stars, Like Dust	Isaac Asimov
author	Donovan's Brain is a 1942 science fiction novel by Curt Siodmak.	Donovan's Brain	Curt Siodmak
author	The Witch of Portobello (Portuguese: A Bruxa de Portobello) is a fiction work by Brazilian writer Paulo Coelho published in 2007, about a woman born in Transylvania to a Romani mother in a gypsy tribe without wedlock.	The Witch of Portobello	Paulo Coelho
author	Lion of Ireland, by the American-Irish author Morgan Llywelyn, is a novel about the life of the Irish hero and High King Brian Boru.	Lion of Ireland	Morgan Llywelyn
author	The Widow and Her Hero is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally set in Australia during World War II.	The Widow and Her Hero	Thomas Keneally
author	What Katy Did Next (1886) is a children's book by Sarah Chauncey Woolsey, working under the pen name Susan Coolidge.	What Katy Did Next	Sarah Chauncey Woolsey
author	God and the New Physics is a 1984 scientific book written by English scientist Paul Davies.	God and the New Physics	Paul Davies
author	A story by French writer Octave Mirbeau, Les Mémoires de mon ami was first published serially in Le Journal between November 27, 1898 and April 30, 1899, in the midst of the Dreyfus Affair.	Les Mémoires de mon ami	Octave Mirbeau
author	Smiley Versus Karla (1982), by John le Carré, originally published as The Quest for Karla, is an omnibus edition of three novels concerning George Smiley's fight against Karla, his counterpart in Moscow Centre (the Soviet KGB).	Smiley Versus Karla	John le Carré
author	Other Earths (2009) is an alternate history, science fiction anthology of all-new stories being edited by Nick Gevers and Jay Lake.	Other Earths	Jay Lake
author	Pettson and Findus (Swedish: Pettson och Findus) is a series of children's books written and illustrated by Swedish author Sven Nordqvist.	Pettson and Findus	Sven Nordqvist
author	The Dinosauria is an extensive book on dinosaurs, compiled by David B. Weishampel, Peter Dodson, and Halszka Osmólska.	The Dinosauria	David B. Weishampel	Peter Dodson	Halszka Osmólska
author	A Land Remembered is a best-selling novel written by author Patrick D. Smith, and published in 1984 by Pineapple Press.	A Land Remembered	Patrick D. Smith
author	Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect is a 1997 book by psychiatrist Ian Stevenson, published by Praeger.	Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect	Ian Stevenson
author	Getting Rid of Bradley is a contemporary romance novel written by Jennifer Crusie and first published in 1994, with a reissue in 2008.	Getting Rid of Bradley	Jennifer Crusie
author	The Brave Little Toaster Goes to Mars is the name of both a children's book by Thomas M. Disch, as well as the film made from same.	The Brave Little Toaster Goes to Mars	Thomas M. Disch
author	Self-Constitution (full title: Self-Constitution: Agency, Identity, and Integrity) is a philosophical book by Christine Korsgaard, in which the author sets out to demonstrate how people determine their own actions.	Self-Constitution	Christine Korsgaard
author	Antidosis (Ancient Greek ἀντίδοσις), is the title of a speech treatise by the ancient Greek rhetorician, Isocrates.	Antidosis	Isocrates
author	The Face of Fear is a novel by best-selling author Dean Koontz, first published in 1977.	The Face of Fear	Dean Koontz
author	For Your Eye Alone, published by McClelland and Stewart in 2000, is a collection of letters written by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies.	For Your Eye Alone	Robertson Davies
author	Surf na crvenom talasu (in English Surfing on the red wave) is a novel by Aleksandar Đuričić published by Ukronija in 2007.	Surf na crvenom talasu	Aleksandar Đuričić
author	Spring in Fialta is a short story written by Vladimir Nabokov in 1936, originally as Весна в Фиальте (Vesna v Fial'te) in Russian, during his exile in Berlin.	Spring in Fialta	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Italian Shoes is a 2006 novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell.	Italian Shoes	Henning Mankell
author	Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung-Up Generation is an early collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison, originally published in paperback in 1961.	Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung-Up Generation	Harlan Ellison
author	The Craft of Research is a book by Wayne C. Booth, Gregory G. Colomb, and Joseph M. Williams.	The Craft of Research	Wayne C. Booth
author	The Broken Bubble is an early mainstream novel by noted science fiction author Philip K. Dick.	The Broken Bubble	Philip K. Dick
author	Johnny's in the Basement is a children's novel by the author Louis Sachar, the author of the National Book Award and Newbery Medal winning novel, Holes.	Johnny's in the Basement	Louis Sachar
author	Why Truth Matters is a book by Ophelia Benson and Jeremy Stangroom published by Continuum Books in 2006.	Why Truth Matters	Ophelia Benson	Jeremy Stangroom
author	The Butterfly Kid is a science fiction novel by Chester Anderson originally released in 1967.	The Butterfly Kid	Chester Anderson
author	The Law of Peoples is American philosopher John Rawls' work on international relations.	The Law of Peoples	John Rawls
author	The Devil in a Forest is a short novel by American writer Gene Wolfe about the conflict between Christianity and an earlier Pagan religion in Europe during the Middle Ages.	The Devil in a Forest	Gene Wolfe
author	The Breathing Method is a novella by Stephen King which was released as part of his Different Seasons collection in 1982.	The Breathing Method	Stephen King
author	Time of Trial is a young adult historical novel by Hester Burton, first published in 1963.	Time of Trial	Hester Burton
author	Whylah Falls is a long narrative poem (or ``verse novel'') by George Elliott Clarke, published in book form in 1990.	Whylah Falls	George Elliott Clarke
author	The Facetiae is an anthology of jokes by Poggio Bracciolini (1380--1459), first published in 1470.	Facetiae	Poggio Bracciolini
author	Silent to the Bone (2000) is a novel by E. L. Konigsburg for the ``middle ages'' or for young adults.	Silent to the Bone	E. L. Konigsburg
author	The Jesus Factor is a 1970 conspiracy theory thriller novel by Edwin Corley based on the Manhattan Project of World War II and the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.	The Jesus Factor	Edwin Corley
author	Bad Planet is an American six-issue comic book limited series by action film actor Thomas Jane and Steve Niles that started in 2005.	Bad Planet	Steve Niles
author	Savage Season is a crime novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale, published in 1990.	Savage Season	Joe R. Lansdale
author	John Gabriel Borkman is the second-to-last play of the Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, written in 1896.	John Gabriel Borkman	Henrik Ibsen
author	The Human Stain (2000) is a novel by Philip Roth set in late 1990s rural New England.	The Human Stain	Philip Roth
author	The Sublime Object of Ideology (1989) is a book by Slovenian philosopher and cultural theorist Slavoj Žižek.	The Sublime Object of Ideology	Slavoj Žižek
author	Paris in the Twentieth Century (French: Paris au XXe siècle) is a science fiction novel by Jules Verne.	Paris in the Twentieth Century	Jules Verne
author	Bertram Cope's Year is a 1919 novel by Henry Blake Fuller, sometimes called the first American homosexual novel.	Bertram Cope's Year	Henry Blake Fuller
author	The Peshawar Lancers is an alternate history, steampunk, post-apocalyptic fiction adventure novel by S. M. Stirling, with its point of divergence occurring in 1878 when the Earth is struck by a devastating meteor shower.	The Peshawar Lancers	S. M. Stirling
author	Deaf Sentence (2008) is a novel by British author David Lodge.	Deaf Sentence	David Lodge
author	The Great White Hope is a 1967 play written by Howard Sackler, later adapted in 1970 for a film of the same name.	The Great White Hope	Howard Sackler
author	The Tale of Little Pig Robinson is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter as part of the Peter Rabbit series.	The Tale of Little Pig Robinson	Beatrix Potter
author	The Vanished Man is a forensic crime mystery by Jeffery Deaver featuring the quadriplegic criminalist Lincoln Rhyme and his partner Amelia Sachs.	The Vanished Man	Jeffery Deaver
author	Betsy Zane, the Rose of Fort Henry is a historical fiction book, written by award-winning author Lynda Durrant in 2000.	Betsy Zane, the Rose of Fort Henry	Lynda Durrant
author	Dr. Freud Will See You Now, Mrs. Hitler is a alternate history play written by British comedy writing duo Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran.	Dr. Freud Will See You Now, Mrs. Hitler	Laurence Marks	Maurice Gran
author	Who Stole the American Dream? is a non-fiction book by American author and journalist Hedrick Smith published in 2012 by Random House.	Who Stole the American Dream?	Hedrick Smith
author	The English Girl, the thirteenth title in Daniel Silva's Gabriel Allon series was released in July 2013.	The English Girl	Daniel Silva
author	Viking Warrior is a young adult historical novel written by Judson Roberts in 2006.	Viking Warrior	Judson Roberts
author	Taxa Innocentiana was a decree issued by Pope Innocent XI on 1 Oct., 1678, regulating the fees that might be demanded or accepted by episcopal chancery offices for various acts, instruments, or writings.	Taxa Innocentiana	Innocent XI
author	The Ars Amatoria (English: The Art of Love) is an instructional elegy series in three books by Ancient Roman poet Ovid.	Ars Amatoria	Ovid
author	A Short History of Christianity is a non-fiction book on the history of the Christian religion written by Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey.	A Short History of Christianity	Geoffrey Blainey
author	Paedagogus (Greek: Παιδαγωγός, ``Pedagogue'') is the second in the great trilogy of Clement of Alexandria.	Paedagogus	Clement of Alexandria
author	Man, The Unknown (L'Homme, cet inconnu) is a best-selling 1935 book by Alexis Carrel where he endeavours to outline a comprehensive account what is known and more importantly unknown of the human body and human life.	Man, The Unknown	Alexis Carrel
author	The Post-Birthday World is a novel by Lionel Shriver published in 2007, some four years after her previous novel, the award winning We Need To Talk About Kevin.	The Post-Birthday World	Lionel Shriver
author	Homer Price is the title character of a pair of children's books written by Robert McCloskey.	Homer Price	Robert McCloskey
author	The People's Choice from Washington to Harding is a book by Herbert Agar, published by Houghton Mifflin, 1933.	The People's Choice from Washington to Harding	Herbert Agar
author	Incredibly Alice is a novel by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor which was published in 2011.	Incredibly Alice	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
author	The Last Don is a novel by Mario Puzo, best known as the author of The Godfather.	The Last Don	Mario Puzo
author	Guard of Honor is a Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by James Gould Cozzens published during 1948.	Guard of Honor	James Gould Cozzens
author	The Big Jump is a science fiction novel by Leigh Brackett, centered on the first manned expedition to Barnard's Star.	The Big Jump	Leigh Brackett
author	Against Meidias (Ancient Greek: Κατὰ Μειδίου) is one of the most famous judicial orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes.	Against Meidias	Demosthenes
author	The Museum of Eterna's Novel (original Spanish-language title: Museo de la Novela de la Eterna) is an avant-garde experimental novel by the Argentine writer Macedonio Fernández.	The Museum of Eterna's Novel	Macedonio Fernández
author	Russia in the Shadows is the title of the book by H. G. Wells published early in 1921, which includes a series of articles previously printed in The Sunday Express in connection with Wells's second visit to Russia (after a previous trip in January 1914 to St. Petersburg and Moscow) in September and October 1920.	Russia in the Shadows	H. G. Wells
author	The Graveyard Game is the fourth installment in the series of science fiction time travel novels by Kage Baker concerning the exploits of The Company.	The Graveyard Game	Kage Baker
author	Kittyhawk Down is a crime novel by Garry Disher published in 2003.	Kittyhawk Down	Garry Disher
author	Shorter Views is a 2000 collection of essays on race, sexuality, science fiction, and the art of writing by author, professor, and critic Samuel R. Delany.	Shorter Views	Samuel R. Delany
author	Crystal Express is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by cyberpunk author Bruce Sterling.	Crystal Express	Bruce Sterling
author	Ancient Ruins and Archaeology is a 1964 science book by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, one of their most popular works.	Ancient Ruins and Archaeology	Catherine Crook de Camp
author	The Art of Noises (Italian: L'arte dei Rumori) is a Futurist manifesto, written by Luigi Russolo in a 1913 letter to friend and Futurist composer Francesco Balilla Pratella.	The Art of Noises	Luigi Russolo
author	The Masters of Solitude, is a 1978 science fiction novel written by Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin.	The Masters of Solitude	Marvin Kaye	Parke Godwin
author	The Red City (1909) is a historical novel by the American writer Silas Weir Mitchell.	The Red City	Silas Weir Mitchell
author	The Way To Cook (1989, Knopf) is a cookbook and series of instructional videos written by the television personality and cooking teacher Julia Child;	The Way To Cook	Julia Child
author	Hanns and Rudolf is a dual biography of Hanns Alexander and Rudolf Höss by British/American journalist Thomas Harding.	Hanns and Rudolf	Thomas Harding
author	H4 The Throne of Bloodstone was written by Douglas Niles and Michael Dobson, with a cover by Keith Parkinson, and was published by TSR in 1988 as a 96-page book.	The Throne of Bloodstone	Douglas Niles
author	The Body of Jonah Boyd is a novel by David Leavitt, published in 2004, that depicts various consequences of the theft of a manuscript.	The Body of Jonah Boyd	David Leavitt
author	I, Me, Mine is an autobiographic work by George Harrison, published in 1980 as a hand-bound, limited edition book by Genesis Publications, with a mixture of printed text and multi-colour facsimiles of Harrison's handwritten lyrics.	I, Me, Mine	George Harrison
author	The Fudge Family in Paris is an 1818 epistolary verse novel by Thomas Moore.	The Fudge Family in Paris	Thomas Moore
author	Will They Ever Trust Us Again? is a supplementary book by Michael Moore published after his documentary Fahrenheit 9/11 was in theaters and released on DVD.	Will They Ever Trust Us Again?	Michael Moore
author	Alternate Tyrants is a 1997 Tor alternate history anthology, edited by Mike Resnick.	Alternate Tyrants	Mike Resnick
author	Jacob the Liar is a novel written by the East German Jewish author Jurek Becker published in 1969.	Jacob the Liar	Jurek Becker
author	Brothers of Earth is a 1976 science fiction novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	Brothers of Earth	C. J. Cherryh
author	A Zoo in My Luggage by British naturalist Gerald Durrell is the story of Durrell's 1957 animal collecting trip to British Cameroon, the northwestern corner of present-day Cameroon.	A Zoo in My Luggage	Gerald Durrell
author	The Joy of Music is Leonard Bernstein's first book, originally published in 1959 by Simon & Schuster.	The Joy of Music	Leonard Bernstein
author	Tales of the Slayers is a Dark Horse Comics Buffy the Vampire Slayer graphic novel that consists of multiple stories written by Joss Whedon, Amber Benson, and others which tell of different members of the Slayer line.	Tales of the Slayers	Joss Whedon
author	The Python License is a deprecated computer software license created by the Corporation for National Research Initiatives (CNRI).	Python License	Corporation for National Research Initiatives
author	Tarzan and the Foreign Legion is a novel written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the twenty-second in his series of books about the title character Tarzan.	Tarzan and the Foreign Legion	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	The Witling is a 1976 science fiction novel by Vernor Vinge, about a planet populated by a race of nearly-human aliens who have the ability to teleport with their minds.	The Witling	Vernor Vinge
author	Ends is a collection of science fiction stories and poems by Gordon R. Dickson.	Ends	Gordon R. Dickson
author	Gandhi Behind the Mask of Divinity is a book by US Army Colonel G. B. Singh.	Gandhi Behind the Mask of Divinity	G. B. Singh
author	``The Vampyre'' is a short work of prose fiction written in 1819 by John William Polidori.	The Vampyre	John William Polidori
author	Le Cousin Pons (French pronunciation: ​(lə kuzɛ̃ pɔ̃s)) is one of the last of the 94 works of Honoré de Balzac's Comédie humaine, which are in both novel and short story form.	Le Cousin Pons	Honoré de Balzac
author	A Dialogue is a 1973 collaborative work featuring a multi-topic conversation between writers James Baldwin and Nikki Giovanni.	A Dialogue	James Baldwin	Nikki Giovanni
author	The Flounder (German: Der Butt) is a 1977 novel by the German writer Günter Grass.	The Flounder	Günter Grass
author	Moondyne is an 1879 novel by John Boyle O'Reilly.	Moondyne	John Boyle O'Reilly
author	The Bride of Abydos is a poem written by Lord Byron in 1813.	The Bride of Abydos	Lord Byron
author	Den vilda bebin is a children's book series about a wild baby, written by Barbro Lindgren and illustrated by Eva Eriksson.	Den vilda bebin	Barbro Lindgren	Eva Eriksson
author	The Right to an Answer is a darkly comic 1960 novel by Anthony Burgess, the first of his repatriate years (1960--69).	The Right to an Answer	Anthony Burgess
author	Pellucidar is a fictional Hollow Earth invented by Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs for a series of action adventure stories.	Pellucidar	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	``The Balloon-Hoax'' is the title used in collections and anthologies of a newspaper article written by Edgar Allan Poe, first published in 1844.	The Balloon-Hoax	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Sacramentum caritatis (English: The Sacrament of Charity) is the first post-synodal (Rome, October 2, 2005 -- October 23, 2005) apostolic exhortation by Pope Benedict XVI.	Sacramentum caritatis	Benedict XVI
author	The Vagina Monologues is an episodic play written by Eve Ensler which ran at the Off Broadway Westside Theatre after a limited run at HERE Arts Center in 1996.	The Vagina Monologues	Eve Ensler
author	``The Things They Left Behind'' is short story by Stephen King, originally published in the compilation Transgressions:	The Things They Left Behind	Stephen King
author	Buddy Longway is a western comic book written by the Swiss comic book writer Derib.	Buddy Longway	Derib
author	The Last of the Wine is Mary Renault's first novel set in ancient Greece, the setting that would become her most important arena.	The Last of the Wine	Mary Renault
author	Albertine disparue (Albertine Gone) is the title of the sixth volume of Marcel Proust's seven part novel, À la recherche du temps perdu.	Albertine disparue	Marcel Proust
author	T. Coraghessan Boyle's novel A Friend of the Earth (2000) is a story of environmental destruction.	A Friend of the Earth	T. Coraghessan Boyle
author	Wild Cat Falling is a 1965 novel by Australian author Mudrooroo (Colin Johnson).	Wild Cat Falling	Mudrooroo
author	Cloud, Castle, Lake is a short story anthology by Vladimir Nabokov.	Cloud, Castle, Lake	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Kushiel's Chosen is a historical fantasy or alternate history by Jacqueline Carey.	Kushiel's Chosen	Jacqueline Carey
author	The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo is a children's book published in 1969, written by Judy Blume with illustrations by Amy Aitken.	The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo	Judy Blume
author	When My Name Was Keoko is a 2002 Asian Historic Fiction novel written by Linda Sue Park.	When My Name Was Keoko	Linda Sue Park
author	Adhalinaal Kaadhal Seiveer (English: Therefore, fall in love) is a novel by Sujatha Rangarajan.	Adhalinaal Kaadhal Seiveer	Sujatha Rangarajan
author	Mr. Barnes of New York is a novel published in 1887 by American author Archibald Clavering Gunter, quite popular in its day, which was also adapted into a play in 1888, and later two silent film versions.	Mr. Barnes of New York	Archibald Clavering Gunter
author	De rebus Hispaniae or Historia gothica is a history of the Iberian peninsula written in Latin by Archbiship of Toledo Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada in the first half of the thirteenth century on behalf of King Ferdinand III of Castile.	De rebus Hispaniae	Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada
author	The Kiss of Death is a novel written by Marcus Sedgwick, and the sequel to My Swordhand is Singing.	The Kiss of Death	Marcus Sedgwick
author	My Losing Season is a memoir by Pat Conroy.	My Losing Season	Pat Conroy
author	Weslandia is a novel by Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman, with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes.	Weslandia	Paul Fleischman
author	The Cowards (originallly Zbabělci) is a Czech novel by Josef Škvorecký.	The Cowards	Josef Škvorecký
author	Not Before Sundown (orig. fin. Ennen päivänlaskua ei voi, USA: Troll - a love story) is a novel written by Finnish author Johanna Sinisalo in 2000.	Not Before Sundown	Johanna Sinisalo
author	``The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar'' is a short story by American author Edgar Allan Poe about a mesmerist who puts a man in a suspended hypnotic state at the moment of death.	The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Pundits from Pakistan is a book on cricket by Indian writer Rahul Bhattacharya.	Pundits from Pakistan	Rahul Bhattacharya
author	The Secret Hour is a science-fiction fantasy novel written by Scott Westerfeld.	The Secret Hour	Scott Westerfeld
author	From Anna is a children's novel written by Canadian children's author Jean Little, first published in 1972.	From Anna	Jean Little
author	The Wapshot Scandal is a novel by American writer John Cheever, a follow-up to his National Book Award-winning The Wapshot Chronicle.	The Wapshot Scandal	John Cheever
author	The Bellarosa Connection is a 1989 novella by the American author Saul Bellow.	The Bellarosa Connection	Saul Bellow
author	The Night Letter is a 1978 book by Paul Spike, with a double-layered structure: an anti-Nazi spy thriller on the background of the early part of the Second World War, and an exposure of cynical and machiavellian maneuverings in the American corridors of power.	The Night Letter	Paul Spike
author	Kenny & the Dragon is a 2008 children's novel by Tony DiTerlizzi.	Kenny & the Dragon	Tony DiTerlizzi
author	``The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich'' is a detective short story by author Basil Copper.	The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich	Basil Copper
author	Bruce Cordell admitted that ``the Planar Handbook is ambitiously titled, which means we had to be selective in covering only those things we believed would be most useful to plane-venturing players.	Planar Handbook	Bruce Cordell
author	Invitation to the Castle (French: L'Invitation au Château) is a 1947 satirical play by the French playwright Jean Anouilh.	Invitation to the Castle	Jean Anouilh
author	Angel Rock is a crime novel by Darren Williams, first published in 2002.	Angel Rock	Darren Williams
author	The Frogs Who Desired a King is one of Aesop's Fables and numbered 44 in the Perry Index.	The Frogs Who Desired a King	Aesop
author	The Lotus and the Wind is a spy novel by John Masters published in 1953.	The Lotus and the Wind	John Masters
author	The Adventure of Archaeology (ISBN 978-0-87044-603-0) is a 1985 book written by Dr. Brian M. Fagan, published by the National Geographic press publishing company.	The Adventure of Archaeology	Brian M. Fagan
author	Joined-Up Thinking is the first book by writer and artist Stevyn Colgan.	Joined-Up Thinking	Stevyn Colgan
author	Mobius Dick (2004) is a novel by Andrew Crumey.	Mobius Dick	Andrew Crumey
author	The Key to the Golden Firebird is the debut novel by noted young adult author Maureen Johnson.	The Key to the Golden Firebird	Maureen Johnson
author	Girl in May is a 1956 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Girl in May	Bruce Marshall
author	``The Ultimate Crime'' is a short story by Isaac Asimov, dealing with a minor aspect of one of the Sherlock Holmes stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Ultimate Crime	Isaac Asimov
author	Les Acteurs de bonne foi is a comedy in one act and in prose written by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux and performed for the first time on October 30, 1749.	Les Acteurs de bonne foi	Pierre de Marivaux
author	Jovah's Angel is a 1998 science fiction/fantasy novel by Sharon Shinn.	Jovah's Angel	Sharon Shinn
author	The Autocracy of Mr. Parham is a 1930 novel by H. G. Wells.	The Autocracy of Mr. Parham	H. G. Wells
author	On the Trinity (Latin: De Trinitate) is a Latin book written by Augustine of Hippo to discuss the Trinity in context of the logos.	On the Trinity	Augustine of Hippo
author	``Tidings of Comfort and Joy'' is a fantasy short story by Gael Baudino.	Tidings of Comfort and Joy	Gael Baudino
author	The Talisman Ring is a historical romance novel by Georgette Heyer, first published in 1936.	The Talisman Ring	Georgette Heyer
author	A Coven of Vampires is a collection of horror short stories by author Brian Lumley.	A Coven of Vampires	Brian Lumley
author	Frost & Fire is a 288-page collection of short stories and essays by Roger Zelazny.	Frost & Fire	Roger Zelazny
author	Buried by the Times, a book by Laurel Leff, Associate Professor of journalism at Northeastern University, is a critical account of The New York Times‍ '​s coverage of Nazi atrocities against Jews that culminated in the Holocaust.	Buried by the Times	Laurel Leff
author	Pluto Rising is a 1999 novel by Karen Irving (ISBN 1-896095-95-X).	Pluto Rising	Karen Irving
author	Across Five Aprils is a novel by Irene Hunt, published in 1964 and winner of the 1965 Newbery Honor, set in the Civil War era.	Across Five Aprils	Irene Hunt
author	The Accounting is a 1958 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall, published as The Bank Audit in the UK.	The Accounting	Bruce Marshall
author	Conn Iggulden also published a book, Wolf of the Plains, about Genghis Khan, which, along with The Dangerous Book for Boys, allowed Iggulden to be the first author to reach the number one spot in both the fiction and non-fiction charts.	The Dangerous Book for Boys	Conn Iggulden
author	Books of Blood are a series of horror fiction collections written by the British author Clive Barker.	Books of Blood	Clive Barker
author	``Mountain Victory'' is a short story by American author William Faulkner first published in the October 12, 1932 issue of The Saturday Evening Post.	Mountain Victory	William Faulkner
author	Attack of the Killer Potatoes is a 1997 science-fiction children's story by Peter Lerangis.	Attack of the Killer Potatoes	Peter Lerangis
author	Unless, first published by Fourth Estate, an imprint of Harper Collins in 2002, is the final novel by Canadian writer Carol Shields.	Unless	Carol Shields
author	Mouse Guard is an American bi-monthly comic book series written and illustrated by David Petersen and published by Archaia Studios Press.	Mouse Guard	David Petersen
author	Journey To The Forbidden China is a book by Steven W. Mosher, cultural anthropologist and sinologist.	Journey To The Forbidden China	Steven W. Mosher
author	Madeline in America and Other Holiday Tales is an illustrated collection of short stories by Ludwig Bemelmans, with only one of the stories featuring the popular children's character Madeline.	Madeline in America and Other Holiday Tales	Ludwig Bemelmans
author	The Lock Artist is a standalone crime novel by American novelist Steve Hamilton.	The Lock Artist	Steve Hamilton
author	Ramona and Her Mother by Beverly Cleary is the fifth book of the popular Ramona series.	Ramona and Her Mother	Beverly Cleary
author	Deal Breaker is a 1995 thriller novel by Harlan Coben and is the first of the novels which feature Myron Bolitar.	Deal Breaker	Harlan Coben
author	The Ice Dragon is a children's novel by George R. R. Martin, originally published in the 1980 anthology Dragons of Light.	The Ice Dragon	George R. R. Martin
author	Alice of Old Vincennes, written by Maurice Thompson in 1900, is a novel set in Vincennes during the American Revolutionary War.	Alice of Old Vincennes	Maurice Thompson
author	Do Travel Writers Go to Hell? is a memoir and gonzo travelogue written by Thomas Kohnstamm and published by Three Rivers Press.	Do Travel Writers Go to Hell?	Thomas Kohnstamm
author	My Companions in the Bleak House (Czech: Přítelkyně z domu smutku) is a Czech novel by Eva Kantůrková.	My Companions in the Bleak House	Eva Kantůrková
author	The Cosmic Rape is a science fiction novel by Theodore Sturgeon, originally published as an original paperback in August 1958.	The Cosmic Rape	Theodore Sturgeon
author	The Official Manly Manual (ISBN 1-880092-12-3) is a book written in 1993 by Colom Keating which collects numerous lessons from his syndicated radio program Mr. Manly.	Manly Manual	Colom Keating
author	A Lesson Before Dying Is Ernest J. Gaines' eighth novel, published in 1993.	A Lesson Before Dying	Ernest J. Gaines
author	Daybreak Zero is the title of a science fiction novel by John Barnes.	Daybreak Zero	John Barnes
author	Cool Gardens is a poetry book by the lead singer of the band System of a Down, Serj Tankian.	Cool Gardens	Serj Tankian
author	Mister B. Gone is a short metafiction novel by Clive Barker, published in the United Kingdom and the United States in October 2007.	Mister B. Gone	Clive Barker
author	The Beast in the Jungle is a 1903 novella by Henry James, first published as part of the collection, The Better Sort.	The Beast in the Jungle	Henry James
author	11 Birthdays is a children's time loop novel written by Wendy Mass and first published in 2009 by Scholastic Press.	11 Birthdays	Wendy Mass
author	The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp is an autobiography published in 1908 by the Welsh poet and writer W. H. Davies (1871--1940).	The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp	W. H. Davies
author	Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married is an international best selling 1996 novel by Irish author, Marian Keyes.	Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married	Marian Keyes
author	Byculla to Bangkok is the second non-fiction book on organised crime and terror in the modern-day Indian metropolitan city of Mumbai written by S. Hussain Zaidi.	Byculla to Bangkok	Hussain Zaidi
author	FR9 The Bloodstone Lands was written by R. A. Salvatore, with cover art by Larry Elmore, and was published by TSR in 1989 as a 64-page booklet with an outer folder.	The Bloodstone Lands	R. A. Salvatore
author	26 Fairmount Avenue (ISBN 0-399-23246-X) is a 1999 children's novel by Tomie dePaola that won a Newbery Honor.	26 Fairmount Avenue	Tomie dePaola
author	Genesis of the Daleks was originally commissioned under producer Barry Letts and script editor Terrance Dicks, who felt that the outline submitted by Nation was too similar to his previous Dalek adventures, and encouraged him to explore the origin of the Daleks.	Genesis of the Daleks	Terrance Dicks
author	The Passion of Ayn Rand is a biography of Ayn Rand by writer and lecturer Barbara Branden, a former friend and business associate.	The Passion of Ayn Rand	Barbara Branden
author	Calculating Space is the title of MIT's English translation of Konrad Zuse's 1969 book Rechnender Raum (literally: ``space that is computing''), the first book on digital physics.	Calculating Space	Konrad Zuse
author	No Thoroughfare is a stage play and novel by Charles Dickens and Wilkie Collins, both released in December 1867.	No Thoroughfare	Charles Dickens	Wilkie Collins
author	The Kid Who Only Hit Homers (1972) is a children's novel about baseball written by Matt Christopher.	The Kid Who Only Hit Homers	Matt Christopher
author	More Guns, Less Crime is a book by John Lott that says violent crime rates go down when states pass ``shall issue'' concealed carry laws.	More Guns, Less Crime	John Lott
author	The Dreamseller saga consists of three novels written by Augusto Cury -- doctor, psychiatrist, psychotherapist and publishing phenomenon in Brazil.	The Dreamseller	Augusto Cury
author	Are You Smart Enough to Work at Google? (subtitled Trick Questions, Zen-Like Riddles, Insanely Difficult Puzzles, and Other Devious Interviewing Techniques) is a 2012 business book by Pulitzer Prize-nominated science writer, William Poundstone, describing details of the methods used and questions asked of job applicants to Google.	Are You Smart Enough to Work at Google?	William Poundstone
author	The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many is a short book compiling three revised interviews of the United States academic Noam Chomsky by David Barsamian, originally conducted on December 16, 1992, January 14 and 21 1993.	The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many	Noam Chomsky
author	The Vegetable, or From President to Postman is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that he developed into a play.	The Vegetable, or From President to Postman	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	According to Mary Magdalene (Swedish: Enligt Maria Magdalena, 1997) is a novel by the Swedish novelist Marianne Fredriksson.	According to Mary Magdalene	Marianne Fredriksson
author	``Psi-man Heal My Child!'' is a short story written by Philip K. Dick in 1955.	Psi-man Heal My Child!	Philip K. Dick
author	The Poisonwood Bible (1998), by Barbara Kingsolver, is a bestselling novel about a missionary family, the Prices, who in 1959 move from the U.S. state of Georgia to the village of Kilanga in the Belgian Congo, close to the Kwilu River.	The Poisonwood Bible	Barbara Kingsolver
author	Ruma kreivitär (Finnish: The Ugly Countess) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio telling a story of poor aristocrats and richening middle-class in the 1830s Finland.	Ruma kreivitär	Kaari Utrio
author	Under det rosa täcket (English: Under the Pink Duvet) is a Swedish feminist book written by Nina Björk, first published in 1996.	Under det rosa täcket	Nina Björk
author	Budayeen Nights is a collection of cyberpunk science fiction short stories and novelettes by George Alec Effinger, published in 2003.	Budayeen Nights	George Alec Effinger
author	The Book of Laughter and Forgetting (Czech: Kniha smíchu a zapomnění) is a novel by Milan Kundera, published in France in 1979.	The Book of Laughter and Forgetting	Milan Kundera
author	The Warlord Chronicles is a trilogy of books about Arthurian Britain written by Bernard Cornwell.	The Warlord Chronicles	Bernard Cornwell
author	The Ethos Effect (2003) is a science fiction novel by L. E. Modesitt, Jr..	The Ethos Effect	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
author	The Rangoon Man is the 240th novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series.	The Rangoon Man	Nick Carter
author	The Permanent Instruction of the Alta Vendita (commonly called the Alta Vendita) is a document, originally published in Italian in the 19th century, purportedly produced by the highest lodge of the Italian Carbonari and written by ``Piccolo Tigre,'' codename for Giuseppe Mazzini.	Alta Vendita	Carbonari
author	De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes (Notable Commentaries on the History of Plants) is a book by Leonhart Fuchs on herbal plants published in Basel in 1542.	De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes	Leonhart Fuchs
author	Capturez un Marsupilami!, written and drawn by André Franquin, is a comic album containing adventures and short gags of the Marsupilami.	Capturez un Marsupilami	André Franquin
author	The Pedagogical Poem (Педагогическая поэма, Pedagogicheskaya poema), translated into English as Road to Life, is a novel by Anton Makarenko, written in 1925-1935 and published in three parts in 1933-1935.	The Pedagogical Poem	Anton Makarenko
author	Raymonda (Russian: Раймонда) is a ballet in three acts, four scenes with an apotheosis, choreographed by Marius Petipa, with music by Alexander Glazunov, his opus 57.	Raymonda	Alexander Glazunov
author	The Shadowhunter's Codex is a companion novel as part of Cassandra Clare's The Shadowhunter Chronicles.	The Shadowhunter's Codex	Cassandra Clare
author	Simplicius Simplicissimus (German: Der abenteuerliche Simplicissimus Teutsch) is a picaresque novel of the lower Baroque style, written in 1668 by Hans Jakob Christoffel von Grimmelshausen and probably published the same year (although bearing the date 1669).	Simplicius Simplicissimus	Hans Jakob Christoffel von Grimmelshausen
author	The Scandal of Scientology is a critical exposé book about the Church of Scientology, written by Paulette Cooper and published by Tower Publications, in 1971.	The Scandal of Scientology	Paulette Cooper
author	Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair (Spanish: Veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada) is a collection of romantic poems by the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda, first published in 1924 when Neruda was 19.	Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair	Pablo Neruda
author	The Beggar is a 1965 novella by Naguib Mahfouz about the failure to find meaning in existence.	The Beggar	Naguib Mahfouz
author	Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle; or, Daring Adventures in Elephant Land is a young adult novel written by Stratemeyer Syndicate writers using the pen name Victor Appleton.	Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle	Victor Appleton
author	Twelfth Grade Kills is the final novel in Zac Brewer's, formerly Heather Brewer, Vladimir Tod series.	Twelfth Grade Kills	Heather Brewer
author	The Mare's Nest is a 1964 book by David Irving, focusing on the German V-weapons campaign of 1944--45 and the Allied military and intelligence effort (Operation Crossbow) to counter it.	The Mare's Nest	David Irving
author	Line and Strength is an autobiography by Australian cricket star Glenn McGrath.	Line and Strength	Glenn McGrath
author	Harvard Works Because We Do is a book of photographs by Gregory Halpern with an introduction by Studs Terkel.	Harvard Works Because We Do	Gregory Halpern
author	L'auca del senyor Esteve is a novel by Santiago Rusiñol published in 1907, of which there is a theatrical version.	L'auca del senyor Esteve	Santiago Rusiñol
author	A Golden Age is the first novel of the Bangladesh-born writer Tahmima Anam.	A Golden Age	Tahmima Anam
author	Cataract City is a 2013 novel by Craig Davidson published in Canada by Doubleday.	Cataract City	Craig Davidson
author	In Who Owns the Future?, Jaron Lanier posits that the middle class is increasingly disenfranchised from online economies.	Who Owns the Future?	Jaron Lanier
author	Darwin on Trial is a 1991 book about the theory of evolution and the creation-evolution debate by Harvard graduate and University of California, Berkeley law professor emeritus Phillip E. Johnson.	Darwin on Trial	Phillip E. Johnson
author	Anathem is a speculative fiction novel by Neal Stephenson, published in 2008.	Anathem	Neal Stephenson
author	The Stormlight Archive is an ongoing epic fantasy series written by American author Brandon Sanderson.	The Stormlight Archive	Brandon Sanderson
author	``One Christmas'' is an autobiographical short story by Truman Capote, portions of which were originally published in a 1982 issue of the Ladies'' Home Journal magazine.	One Christmas	Truman Capote
author	Golf in the Year 2000, or, What We Are Coming To is an 1892 novel by J. McCullough.	Golf in the Year 2000	J. McCullough
author	Mercier and Camier is a novel by Samuel Beckett that was written in 1946, but remained unpublished until 1970.	Mercier and Camier	Samuel Beckett
author	The Bellybuttons (French: Les Nombrils) is a French Canadian comics series written by Maryse Dubuc (credited as ``Dubuc'') and illustrated by her husband, Marc ``Delaf'' Delafontaine.	The Bellybuttons	Maryse Dubuc
author	The Dean's December is a 1982 novel by the American author Saul Bellow.	The Dean's December	Saul Bellow
author	The Countess's Calamity is a children's book written and illustrated by Sally Gardner, published in 2003.	The Countess's Calamity	Sally Gardner
author	Miss Christina (Romanian: Domnișoara Christina) is a 1936 novella by the Romanian writer Mircea Eliade.	Miss Christina	Mircea Eliade
author	The Watch House is a 1977 fiction book by Robert Westall.	The Watch House	Robert Westall
author	The Great Dinosaur Robbery is a now out-of-print book released in 1970 and written by David Eliades and Robert Forrest Webb under the pseudonym of David Forrest.	The Great Dinosaur Robbery	David Forrest
author	Three Stations is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith set in Russia circa 2010.	Three Stations	Martin Cruz Smith
author	Field of Dishonor (1994) is a science fiction novel, the fourth in David Weber's Honor Harrington series.	Field of Dishonor	David Weber
author	The White Castle (original Turkish title: Beyaz Kale) is a novel by Turkish writer Orhan Pamuk.	The White Castle	Orhan Pamuk
author	When Dogs Cry is the third young-adult fiction novel written by Australian writer Markus Zusak in the Wolfe family books.	When Dogs Cry	Markus Zusak
author	Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord is a novel by Louis de Bernières, first published in 1991.	Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord	Louis de Bernières
author	Doctor De Soto is a picture book for children written and illustrated by William Steig and first published in 1982.	Doctor De Soto	William Steig
author	Of a Fire on the Moon (ISBN 0-316-54411-6, OCLC 101602) is a work of non-fiction by Norman Mailer which was serialised in Life magazine in 1969 and 1970, and published in 1970 as a book.	Of a Fire on the Moon	Norman Mailer
author	Summer of the Swans is a children's novel by Betsy Byars about fourteen-year-old Sara Godfrey's search for her missing, mentally challenged brother Charlie.	Summer of the Swans	Betsy Byars
author	Forgive us our Sins (orig. French Pardonnez nos offenses) is the title of a historical novel by Romain Sardou.	Forgive us our Sins	Romain Sardou
author	The Great Enigma (Swedish: Den stora gåtan) is a 2004 collection of poetry by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer.	The Great Enigma	Tomas Tranströmer
author	The Whaleboat House (originally published with the title Amagansett) is a 2004 crime novel by British writer Mark Mills.	The Whaleboat House	Mark Mills
author	Last Essays is a volume of essays by Joseph Conrad, edited with an introduction by Richard Curle, and published posthumously in 1926 (London & Toronto: J. M. Dent & Sons).	Last Essays	Joseph Conrad
author	In Defense of the National Interest (full title In Defense of the National interest: A Critical Examination of American Foreign Policy) is a 1951 book by realist academic Hans Morgenthau.	In Defense of the National Interest	Hans Morgenthau
author	My Laugh Comes Last is a 1977 thriller novel written by James Hadley Chase.	My Laugh Comes Last	James Hadley Chase
author	View of the Hebrews is an 1823 book written by Ethan Smith, a United States Congregationalist minister, who argued that Native Americans were descended from the Ten Lost Tribes of Israel.	View of the Hebrews	Ethan Smith
author	A Gamut of Games is an innovative book of games written by Sid Sackson and first published in 1969.	A Gamut of Games	Sid Sackson
author	Dream Dancer is a 1980 novel by Janet Morris, the first in her Kerrion Space trilogy.	Dream Dancer	Janet Morris
author	Visit to Godenholm (German: Besuch auf Godenholm) is a 1952 novella by the German writer Ernst Jünger.	Visit to Godenholm	Ernst Jünger
author	Codex on the Flight of Birds is a relatively short codex of circa 1505 by Leonardo da Vinci.	Codex on the Flight of Birds	Leonardo da Vinci
author	Racism Explained to My Daughter (by Tahar Ben Jelloun, 1998, ISBN 88-7754-206-3) is a book in which the author, during a demonstration against an immigration law in Paris, answers his daughter's questions about the reasons for racism.	Racism Explained to My Daughter	Tahar Ben Jelloun
author	People of the Fire is a 1991 historical fiction novel written by husband-and-wife co-authors W. Michael Gear & Kathleen O'Neal Gear.	People of the Fire	W. Michael Gear	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
author	Ritournelle de la faim (The Same Old Story of Hunger, or The Refrain of Hunger) is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .	Ritournelle de la faim	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	On the Way Home is the diary of an American farm wife, Laura Ingalls Wilder, during her 1894 migration with husband Almanzo Wilder and seven-year-old daughter Rose from De Smet, South Dakota, to Mansfield, Missouri, where they settled permanently.	On the Way Home	Laura Ingalls Wilder
author	The Scarlatti Inheritance is the first of 27 thriller novels written (the last four of them left in the form of manuscripts, later finalized by ghost writers) by American author Robert Ludlum.	The Scarlatti Inheritance	Robert Ludlum
author	Theatrical Novel (also A Dead Man's Memoir) is an unfinished novel by Mikhail Bulgakov.	Theatrical Novel	Mikhail Bulgakov
author	The Butterfly's Evil Spell (El maleficio de la mariposa) was the first play by the twentieth-century Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca.	The Butterfly's Evil Spell	Federico García Lorca
author	Det brinner! (It burns!) is a 1999 young adult novel written by Laura Trenter.	Det brinner!	Laura Trenter
author	Textbook of Biochemistry, first published in 1928, is scientific textbook authored by Alexander Thomas Cameron.	Textbook of Biochemistry	Alexander Thomas Cameron
author	Lirael (called Lirael: Daughter of the Clayr in some regions) is a fantasy novel by Garth Nix, first published in 2001.	Lirael	Garth Nix
author	The Genius of America (1923) is book written by Stuart Sherman.	The Genius of America	Stuart Sherman
author	A Farewell to Arms is a novel by Ernest Hemingway set during the Italian campaign of World War I. The book, published in 1929, is a first-person account of American Frederic Henry, serving as a Lieutenant (``Tenente'') in the ambulance corps of the Italian Army.	A Farewell to Arms	Ernest Hemingway
author	Ten Days in a Mad-House is a book by newspaper reporter Nellie Bly.	Ten Days in a Mad-House	Nellie Bly
author	The Piano Lesson is a 1990 play by American playwright August Wilson.	The Piano Lesson	August Wilson
author	Inexcusable is a 2005 novel written by Chris Lynch in the young adult genre.	Inexcusable	Chris Lynch
author	Johan Padan and the Discovery of the Americas is a one-man play by Dario Fo, recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature.	Johan Padan and the Discovery of the Americas	Dario Fo
author	End This Depression Now! is a non-fiction book by Paul Krugman, an American economist and Nobel laureate.	End This Depression Now!	Paul Krugman
author	To Light a Candle is the 2004 second fantasy novel of Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory's Obsidian Trilogy.	To Light a Candle	Mercedes Lackey
author	``The Shobies' Story'' is a 1990 science fiction novella by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin, describing the story of the first human crew to participate in a newly invented faster-than-light mode of space travel.	The Shobies' Story	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	Hell Has Harbour Views is a 2001 novel written by Richard Beasley.	Hell Has Harbour Views	Richard Beasley
author	The Honorary Consul is a British thriller novel by Graham Greene, published in 1973.	The Honorary Consul	Graham Greene
author	The Entropy Tango is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock.	The Entropy Tango	Michael Moorcock
author	Blue of Noon (French: Le Bleu du Ciel) is an erotic novella by Georges Bataille.	Blue of Noon	Georges Bataille
author	My Prison Without Bars is Pete Rose's autobiography, published by Rodale Press on January 8, 2004.	My Prison Without Bars	Pete Rose
author	The Hollow Chest is a novel that was published in 1941 by Phoebe Atwood Taylor writing as Alice Tilton.	The Hollow Chest	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
author	Legende sau basmele românilor (``Legends or Romanian Fairy-tales'') is a collection, in several volumes, of Romanian folktales, first published in 1872 by Petre Ispirescu.	Legende sau basmele românilor	Petre Ispirescu
author	The History of the Dividing Line Betwixt Virginia and North Carolina is an account by William Byrd II of the surveying of the border between the Colony of Virginia and the Province of North Carolina in 1728.	The History of the Dividing Line	William Byrd II
author	I, Alex Cross is the 16th novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson.	I, Alex Cross	James Patterson
author	Alec Forbes of Howglen is a novel by George MacDonald, first published in 1865 and is primarily concerned with Scottish country life.	Alec Forbes of Howglen	George MacDonald
author	Crusade in Jeans (1973) is a children's novel written by Thea Beckman.	Crusade in Jeans	Thea Beckman
author	Neglected People (Oboydyonnye, Обойдённые) is a 1865 novel by Nikolai Leskov.	Neglected People	Nikolai Leskov
author	The Whiskey Rebels is an historical novel by American writer David Liss, inspired by events in the early history of the United States.	The Whiskey Rebels	David Liss
author	The Stone Angel, first published in 1964 by McClelland and Stewart, is perhaps the best-known of Margaret Laurence's series of novels set in the fictitious town of Manawaka, Manitoba.	The Stone Angel	Margaret Laurence
author	An Inland Voyage (1878) is a travelogue by Robert Louis Stevenson about a canoeing trip through France and Belgium in 1876.	An Inland Voyage	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Dragon of Despair is a 2004 fantasy novel, third of six in Jane Lindskold's wolf series.	The Dragon of Despair	Jane Lindskold
author	The Book of Folly is a 1972 collection of poetry by American writer Anne Sexton.	The Book of Folly	Anne Sexton
author	The General Scholium is an essay written by Isaac Newton, appended to his work of Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica, known as the Principia.	General Scholium	Isaac Newton
author	Support and Defend is a political thriller novel in the Tom Clancy universe by Mark Greaney published on July 22, 2014 by Putnam Adult.	Support and Defend	Mark Greaney
author	A World Out of Time is a science fiction novel by Larry Niven and published in 1976.	A World Out of Time	Larry Niven
author	Missing Soluch (Persian: جای خالی سلوچ‎ Ja-ye Khali-ye Soluch; 1979) is a novel by Iranian author Mahmoud Dowlatabadi, translated from the Persian by Kamran Rastegar in 2007.	Missing Soluch	Mahmoud Dowlatabadi
author	Chitta Lahu (Punjabi: ਚਿੱਟਾ ਲਹੂ) is a Punjabi novel written by Punjabi novelist Nanak Singh.	Chitta Lahu	Nanak Singh
author	The Opposite House is a novel by British author Helen Oyeyemi first published by Penguin Books in 2007.	The Opposite House	Helen Oyeyemi
author	It's Me, Eddie is the first novel by Russian writer and politician Eduard Limonov.	It's Me, Eddie	Eduard Limonov
author	Beyond the Rocks is a 1906 novel by Elinor Glyn.	Beyond the Rocks	Elinor Glyn
author	And Thereby Hangs a Tale (ISBN 9780230531451) is British author Jeffrey Archer's sixth collection of short stories.	And Thereby Hangs a Tale	Jeffrey Archer
author	The Forever King is a fantasy book written by Molly Cochran and Warren Murphy, the authors of Grandmaster, which reached #3 on The New York Times bestseller list.	The Forever King	Warren Murphy
author	The Road to Mars is a 1999 science fiction comedic novel by Eric Idle.	The Road to Mars	Eric Idle
author	The Rivers and Beacon-Hills of Gondor is a historical-etymological essay written by J. R. R. Tolkien sometime after June 1969.	The Rivers and Beacon-Hills of Gondor	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The Bugis is a book written by Christian Pelras about the Bugis people produced in 1996 and published in the United States in 1997 by Blackwell Publishing.	The Bugis	Christian Pelras
author	The Growth of Biological Thought (992 pages, Belknap Press, ISBN 0674364465) is a book written by Ernst Mayr, first published in 1982.	The Growth of Biological Thought	Ernst Mayr
author	The Flying Classroom (German: Das Fliegende Klassenzimmer) is a 1933 novel for children written by the German writer Erich Kästner.	The Flying Classroom	Erich Kästner
author	Facing the Flag or For the Flag (French: Face au drapeau) is an 1896 patriotic novel by Jules Verne.	Facing the Flag	Jules Verne
author	Uncle and the Battle for Badgertown (1973) is a children's novel written by J. P. Martin, the last of his Uncle series of six books.	Uncle and the Battle for Badgertown	J. P. Martin
author	De Cive (``On the citizen'') is one of Thomas Hobbes's major works.	De Cive	Thomas Hobbes
author	Good Girls Don't Wear Trousers (Italian: Volevo i pantaloni) is an autobiographical novel by Lara Cardella.	Good Girls Don't Wear Trousers	Lara Cardella
author	Ekattorer Dingulee (Bengali: একাত্তরের দিনগুলি, English: Of Blood and Fire (translator Mustafizur Rahman)) is an autobiographical book by Martyr-Mother Jahanara Imam based on her experiences of the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971.	Ekattorer Dingulee	Jahanara Imam
author	The Defence of a Fool (French: Le Plaidoyer d'un fou) is an autobiographical novel by the Swedish writer August Strindberg.	The Defence of a Fool	August Strindberg
author	Homage to Catalonia is George Orwell's personal account of his experiences and observations in the Spanish Civil War.	Homage to Catalonia	George Orwell
author	Reading Writing (French: En lisant en écrivant) is a 1980 book by the French writer Julien Gracq.	Reading Writing	Julien Gracq
author	The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter.	The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle	Beatrix Potter
author	Farces et moralités (Farces and morality plays) is a collection of six comedy plays in one act, written by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau and published by Fasquelle in 1904:	Farces et moralités	Octave Mirbeau
author	Hijo de ladrón (Spanish: Son of a thief) is a Chilean novel, written by Manuel Rojas.	Hijo de ladrón	Manuel Rojas
author	Elämä lyhyt, Rytkönen pitkä (``Life short, Rytkönen long'') is a 1991 Finnish novel by Arto Paasilinna, While farcical throughout, from the title's twist on the original saying onwards, it has a somewhat elegiac mood, with a constant undercurrent of tragedy leavened by humor.	Elämä lyhyt, Rytkönen pitkä	Arto Paasilinna
author	``The Creek of the Four Graves'' is a poem by Australian writer Charles Harpur that was first published in three parts in The Weekly Register of Politics, Facts and General Literature on 9 August, 16 August and 23 August 1845.	The Creek of the Four Graves	Charles Harpur
author	The Westminster Shorter Catechism is a catechism written in 1646 and 1647 by the Westminster Assembly, a synod of English and Scottish theologians and laymen intended to bring the Church of England into greater conformity with the Church of Scotland.	Westminster Shorter Catechism	Westminster Assembly
author	The Peasants (Polish: Chłopi) is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning Polish author Władysław Reymont in four parts between 1904 and 1909.	The Peasants	Władysław Reymont
author	Samuels bok (lit. Samuel's Book) is a 1982 novel by Swedish author Sven Delblanc.	Samuels bok	Sven Delblanc
author	After the First Death (1979) is a suspense novel for young adults by American author Robert Cormier.	After the First Death	Robert Cormier
author	The Tragedy of the Moon is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays written by Isaac Asimov.	The Tragedy of the Moon	Isaac Asimov
author	The Journeyer is a historical novel about Marco Polo, written by Gary Jennings and first published in 1984.	The Journeyer	Gary Jennings
author	Vespers in Vienna is a 1947 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Vespers in Vienna	Bruce Marshall
author	Kit and Kitty: a story of west Middlesex is a three-volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1890.	Kit and Kitty	R. D. Blackmore
author	The Two Towers is the second volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's high fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings.	The Two Towers	J. R. R. Tolkien
author	The Charlie Madigan series is a collection of urban fantasy novels by author Kelly Gay.	Charlie Madigan series	Kelly Gay
author	Ecclesiam suam is an encyclical of Pope Paul VI on the Catholic Church given at St. Peter's, Rome, on the Feast of the Transfiguration, 6 August 1964, the second year of his Pontificate.	Ecclesiam suam	Paul VI
author	This Alien Shore is a science fiction novel by the American author Celia S. Friedman.	This Alien Shore	Celia S. Friedman
author	Each In His Own Way (Italian: Ciascuno a suo modo (tʃaˈskuːno a ˈsuːo ˈmɔːdo)) is a 1924 play by Luigi Pirandello.	Each In His Own Way	Luigi Pirandello
author	O mar na Lajinha is a Capeverdean novel published in 2004 by Germano Almeida.	O mar na Lajinha	Germano Almeida
author	My Friend Flicka is a 1941 novel by Mary O'Hara, about Ken McLaughlin, the son of a Wyoming rancher, and his horse Flicka.	My Friend Flicka	Mary O'Hara
author	Singularity 7 is a four-issue comic book mini-series created, written, and illustrated by Ben Templesmith.	Singularity 7	Ben Templesmith
author	Freedom and the Law is Italian jurist and philosopher Bruno Leoni's most popular work.	Freedom and the Law	Bruno Leoni
author	The Valley of Horses is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel.	The Valley of Horses	Jean M. Auel
author	The Seed of Earth is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg, originally published as an Ace Double in 1962.	The Seed of Earth	Robert Silverberg
author	The Accumulation of Capital (full title : The Accumulation of Capital: A Contribution to an Economic Explanation of Imperialism, Die Akkumulation des Kapitals: Ein Beitrag zur ökonomischen Erklärung des Imperialismus) is the principal book length work of Rosa Luxemburg first published in 1913.	The Accumulation of Capital	Rosa Luxemburg
author	The Complete Book of Running is a 1977 non-fiction book written by Jim Fixx.	The Complete Book of Running	Jim Fixx
author	Angry Candy is a 1988 collection of short stories by Harlan Ellison that is loosely organized around the theme of death.	Angry Candy	Harlan Ellison
author	The Mighty Miss Malone is a 2012 children's novel by author Christopher Paul Curtis and is a followup to his 2000 book Bud, Not Buddy.	The Mighty Miss Malone	Christopher Paul Curtis
author	The Labyrinth of Solitude (Spanish: El laberinto de la soledad) is a book-length essay by Octavio Paz, first published in 1950.	The Labyrinth of Solitude	Octavio Paz
author	A Stir of Echoes is a 1958 novel by Richard Matheson that served as the inspiration for the 1999 film, Stir of Echoes.	A Stir of Echoes	Richard Matheson
author	The Cactaceae is a monograph on plants of the cactus family written by the American botanists Nathaniel Lord Britton and Joseph Nelson Rose and published in multiple volumes between 1919 and 1923.	The Cactaceae	Nathaniel Lord Britton	Joseph Nelson Rose
author	The Bone Garden is a 2007 novel written by Tess Gerritsen, loosely part of the Jane Rizzoli / Maura Isles series.	The Bone Garden	Tess Gerritsen
author	Natasha and Other Stories (ISBN 0-374-28141-6) is a collection of short stories by Canadian author David Bezmozgis.	Natasha and Other Stories	David Bezmozgis
author	Black Seconds (Norwegian: Svarte sekunder, 2002) is a novel by Norwegian writer Karin Fossum, the sixth in the Inspector Konrad Sejer series.	Black Seconds	Karin Fossum
author	Alida's Song is the sequel to The Cookcamp by Gary Paulsen.	Alida's Song	Gary Paulsen
author	The Dangerous Transmission is the title of a Hardy Boys Digest novel, credited to Franklin W. Dixon.	The Dangerous Transmission	Franklin W. Dixon
author	Gone Too Far! is a 2007 play written by British playwright Bola Agbaje.	Gone Too Far!	Bola Agbaje
author	Voyage au pays des arbres is a novel written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Voyage au pays des arbres	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles is a children's book by Padraic Colum, a retelling of Greek myths.	The Golden Fleece and the Heroes Who Lived Before Achilles	Padraic Colum
author	The Old Men at the Zoo is a novel written by Angus Wilson, first published in 1961 by Secker and Warburg, and by Penguin books in 1964.	The Old Men at the Zoo	Angus Wilson
author	The surviving Hellenica is an important work of the Greek writer Xenophon and one of the principal sources for the final seven years of the Peloponnesian War not covered by Thucydides, and the war's aftermath.	Hellenica	Xenophon
author	``A Nasty Story'' (Russian: Скверный анекдот, Skverny anekdot), also translated as ``A Disgraceful Affair'', as well as ``A Most Unfortunate Incident'' and ``An Unpleasant Predicament'', is a satirical short story by Fyodor Dostoyevsky concerning the escapades of a Russian civil servant.	A Nasty Story	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
author	Brother Odd is a novel by Dean Koontz, published in 2006.	Brother Odd	Dean Koontz
author	The Liberty Project is an American comic book series created by writer Kurt Busiek and artist James W. Fry.	The Liberty Project	Kurt Busiek
author	Poor Fellow My Country is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Xavier Herbert.	Poor Fellow My Country	Xavier Herbert
author	The Divine Invasion is a BSFA Award nominated 1981 science fiction book by Philip K. Dick.	The Divine Invasion	Philip K. Dick
author	Lord Loss is the first novel in the Demonata series written by best-selling teenage horror author Darren Shan.	Lord Loss	Darren Shan
author	Kundalatha (or Kundalata, Malayalam: കുന്ദലത) is a novel by Appu Nedungadi, published in 1887.	Kundalatha	Appu Nedungadi
author	Muhammad at Medina is a book about early Islam written by the non-Muslim Islamic scholar, professor William Montgomery Watt.	Muhammad at Medina	William Montgomery Watt
author	Letters to a Philosophical Unbeliever (1780) is a multi-volume series of books on metaphysics by eighteenth-century British polymath Joseph Priestley.	Letters to a Philosophical Unbeliever	Joseph Priestley
author	Space Apprentice, also known as Probationers (Russian title: Стажёры, Stazhory), is one of the early novels of Russian science fiction writers Arkady and Boris Strugatsky.	Space Apprentice	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
author	``Lost in the Andes!'' is a Donald Duck story written by Carl Barks in April 1949.	Lost in the Andes!	Carl Barks
author	Liberty Meadows is a comic strip and comic book created, written and illustrated by Frank Cho.	Liberty Meadows	Frank Cho
author	Betsy and the Great World (1952) is the ninth volume in the Betsy-Tacy series of children's fiction by Maud Hart Lovelace.	Betsy and the Great World	Maud Hart Lovelace
author	A Death in the Small Hours, by Charles Finch, is a novel set in England during the Victorian era.	A Death in the Small Hours	Charles Finch
author	Doctor Sally is a short novel by P.G. Wodehouse, first published in the United Kingdom on April 7, 1932 by Methuen & Co., London.	Doctor Sally	P.G. Wodehouse
author	The Law of Nines is a thriller/speculative fiction novel by American author Terry Goodkind.	The Law of Nines	Terry Goodkind
author	When Dad Married Fury is a 2012 play by David Williamson.	When Dad Married Fury	David Williamson
author	Final Blackout is a dystopic science fiction novel by author L. Ron Hubbard.	Final Blackout	L. Ron Hubbard
author	The History and Adventures of an Atom, by Tobias Smollett, is a novel that savagely satirises English politics during the Seven Years' War.	The History and Adventures of an Atom	Tobias Smollett
author	History of Materialism and Critique of its Present Importance (German: Geschichte des Materialismus und Kritik seiner Bedeutung in der Gegenwart) is a philosophical work by Friedrich Albert Lange, originally written in German and published in October 1865 (although the year of publication was given as 1866).	History of Materialism and Critique of its Present Importance	Friedrich Albert Lange
author	Grandfather Stories is a book of 23 historical tales by journalist and novelist Samuel Hopkins Adams.	Grandfather Stories	Samuel Hopkins Adams
author	Pretties is a 2005 science fiction novel and the second book of the Uglies Trilogy written by Scott Westerfeld.	Pretties	Scott Westerfeld
author	Faith Healer is a play by Brian Friel about the life of the faith healer Francis Hardy as monologued through the shifting memories of Hardy, his wife, Grace, and stage manager, Teddy.	Faith Healer	Brian Friel
author	The Clue in the Diary is the seventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series, and was first published in 1932 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene.	The Clue in the Diary	Carolyn Keene
author	Pamphilia to Amphilanthus is a sonnet sequence by the English Renaissance poet Lady Mary Wroth, first published as part of The Countess of Montgomery's Urania in 1621, but subsequently published separately.	Pamphilia to Amphilanthus	Lady Mary Wroth
author	The Morning Gift is a bestselling novel by the English author Eva Ibbotson, based on her own experience as a refugee.	The Morning Gift	Eva Ibbotson
author	Unto a Good Land (Swedish: Invandrarna) is a novel by Vilhelm Moberg from 1952.	Unto a Good Land	Vilhelm Moberg
author	An Experiment in Criticism is a 1961 book by C. S. Lewis in which he proposes that the quality of books should be measured not by how they are written, but by how they are read.	An Experiment in Criticism	C. S. Lewis
author	The Horsecatcher is a 1957 adolescent novel by author Mari Sandoz.	The Horsecatcher	Mari Sandoz
author	A Cold Heart is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman	A Cold Heart	Jonathan Kellerman
author	The Commentariolus (Little Commentary) is Nicolaus Copernicus's 40-page outline of an early version of his revolutionary heliocentric theory of the universe.	Commentariolus	Nicolaus Copernicus
author	When Heaven Fell is a 1995 military science fiction novel by William Barton.	When Heaven Fell	William Barton
author	Ludzie bezdomni (Homeless people) is a book written by Stefan Żeromski in 1899 in Zakopane, Poland, published for the first time in 1900.	Ludzie bezdomni	Stefan Żeromski
author	Childe Harold's Pilgrimage is a lengthy narrative poem in four parts written by Lord Byron.	Childe Harold's Pilgrimage	Lord Byron
author	Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology is a work of philosophy by Ayn Rand and Leonard Peikoff, which Rand considered her philosophical treatise.	Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology	Ayn Rand
author	Un gentilhomme is a novel by the French novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, published by Flammarion in 1920, after his death.	Un gentilhomme	Octave Mirbeau
author	Moonfleet is a tale of smuggling by the English novelist J. Meade Falkner, first published in 1898.	Moonfleet	J. Meade Falkner
author	The Seven Hills is a 2005 alternate history novel by American writer John Maddox Roberts, a sequel to his 2002 novel Hannibal's Children.	The Seven Hills	John Maddox Roberts
author	Der Stechlin is a novel by Theodor Fontane written between 1895 and 1897, and first published in the literary journal Über Land und Meer.	Der Stechlin	Theodor Fontane
author	``The Concentration City'' is a dystopian short story by British author J. G. Ballard, first published, under the title ``Build-Up'' in New Worlds volume 19 number 55 in January 1957.	The Concentration City	J. G. Ballard
author	My Century (German: Mein Jahrhundert, 1999) is a novel written by German author Günter Grass.	My Century	Günter Grass
child	High says that Loki is the son of Fárbauti, that ``Laufey or Nál'' is his mother, and that his brothers are Býleistr and Helblindi.	Laufey	Býleistr	Helblindi
child	In 1982, Erling Persson's son, Stefan Persson took over the position as the Managing Director, and today he is the Chairman of the Board.	Erling Persson	Stefan Persson
child	When Leonard Thompson died in 1976, Doris Thompson succeeded him as chairmain of the Pleasure Beach, whilst her son Geoffrey Thompson became managing director.	Doris Thompson	Geoffrey Thompson
child	Salomon de Bray was the father of ten children, of whom three (Dirck de Bray, Jan de Bray, and Joseph de Bray) became notable artists.	Salomon de Bray	Dirck de Bray	Jan de Bray	Joseph de Bray
child	Alexander Pushkin, considered to be the most famous Russian poet, was romantically involved with Anna Olenina, Alexey Olenin's youngest daughter.	Alexey Olenin	Anna Olenina
child	In trinitarian Christianity, God the Father is regarded as the first person of the Trinity, followed by the second person God the Son (Jesus Christ) and the third person God the Holy Spirit.	God the Father	Jesus Christ
child	Calliope also had two famous sons, Orpheus and Linus, by either Apollo or the king Oeagrus of Thrace.	Calliope	Orpheus	Linus
child	Xiahou Yuan's second son, Xiahou Ba, served as a military general in the state of Cao Wei.	Xiahou Yuan	Xiahou Ba
child	Matthew Robinson Boulton (8 August 1770 -- 16 May 1842) was an English manufacturer, a pioneer of management, the son of Matthew Boulton and the father of Matthew Piers Watt Boulton, who first patented the aileron.	Matthew Robinson Boulton	Matthew Piers Watt Boulton
child	Diopeithes (in Greek Διoπείθης; lived during the 4th century BC) was an Athenian general, probably father of the poet Menander, who was sent out to the Thracian Chersonese about 343 BC, at the head of a body of Athenian settlers or κληρoυχoι.	Diopeithes	Menander
child	Herbert Spiegel was the father of David Spiegel, M.D., of Stanford University, who likewise is an expert in hypnosis.	Herbert Spiegel	David Spiegel
child	However, Burkert says that while Semele is ``manifestly non-Greek'', he also says that ``it is no more possible to confirm that Semele is a Thraco-Phrygian word for earth than it is to prove the priority of the Lydian baki- over Bacchus as a name for Dionysos''.	Semele	Bacchus
child	Rob Reiner married actress/director Penny Marshall in 1971 and adopted Marshall's daughter, actress Tracy Reiner (A League of Their Own), from a previous marriage to Michael Henry.	Rob Reiner	Tracy Reiner
child	In this instance, Tacitus refers to the god Odin as ``Mercury'', Thor as ``Hercules'', and Týr as ``Mars'', and the identity of the ``Isis'' of the Suebi has been debated.	Odin	Thor
child	To fix the problem, the Kangxi Emperor gave Prince Yong (the future Yongzheng Emperor) advice on how to make the economy more efficient.	Kangxi Emperor	Yongzheng Emperor
child	David I. Arkin (December 19, 1906 - October 8, 1980) was an American teacher, painter, writer, and lyricist, and is the father of actor Alan Arkin.	David I. Arkin	Alan Arkin
child	Apama and Seleucus had two daughters, Apama and Laodice, and two sons, Antiochus I Soter who inherited the Seleucid throne, and Achaeus.	Apama	Antiochus I Soter
child	Jiang Yuan was the mother of Houji, who is a culture hero and revered as the God of Millet.	Jiang Yuan	Houji
child	In addition, Loki is referred to as the father of Váli in the Prose Edda.	Loki	Váli
child	According to various accounts Aleus had three sons, Lycurgus, the Argonauts Amphidamas and Cepheus, and two daughters, Auge, and Alcidice, by either Neaera the daughter of Pereus, or Cleobule.	Aleus	Alcidice
child	Alexandra of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Αλεξάνδρα, Serbian: Александра/Aleksandra; 25 March 1921 -- 30 January 1993) was Queen of Yugoslavia as the wife of the last King of Yugoslavia, Peter II, and mother of Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia.	Alexandra of Greece and Denmark	Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia
child	Niall Glúndub was succeeded as High King by Donnchad Donn mac Flainn, son of Flann Sinna, and as King of Ailech by his son Muirchertach mac Néill, ``the Hector of the Western World''.	Niall Glúndub	Muirchertach mac Néill
child	Ngwane III reigned until 1780 when his son, Ndvungunye, became King after a regency of Queen LaYaka Ndwandwe.	Ngwane III	Ndvungunye
child	Tony Carreira is the father of pop singers David Carreira and Mickael Carreira.	Tony Carreira	David Carreira	Mickael Carreira
child	Paul Janson was the father of future Prime Minister of Belgium Paul-Émile Janson and Marie Janson (later Spaak), first female member of the Belgian parliament, mother of Prime Minister Paul-Henri Spaak.	Paul Janson	Paul-Émile Janson	Marie Janson
child	John Marshall Clemens (August 11, 1798 -- March 24, 1847) was the father of author Mark Twain.	John Marshall Clemens	Mark Twain
child	Ugayafukiaezu no Mikoto ``Unfinished Cormorant-Feather Thatching'' 鵜葺草葺不合命, commonly shortened to Ugayafukiaezu, is a Japanese deity (kami), and in Japanese mythology, he is the father of Japan's first emperor, Emperor Jimmu.	Ugayafukiaezu	Jimmu
child	In spring 588, Chen Shubao, believing Consorts Zhang's and Kong's accusations that Chen Yin resented him for not favoring Empress Shen, deposed Chen Yin and created him the Prince of Wuxing, instead creating Consort Zhang's son Chen Shen crown prince.	Chen Shubao	Chen Shen
child	Rosher was the father of actress Joan Marsh and cinematographer Charles Rosher, Jr.	Charles Rosher	Joan Marsh
child	As a son of King Lloque Yupanqui, Mayta Cápac was his heir and the father of Cápac Yupanqui.	Mayta Cápac	Cápac Yupanqui
child	Joachim (/ˈdʒoʊ.əkɪm/; ``he whom Yahweh has set up'', Hebrew: יְהוֹיָקִים Yəhôyāqîm, Greek Ἰωακείμ Iōākeím) was the husband of Saint Anne and the father of Mary the mother of Jesus, according to the Catholic, Orthodox, and Anglican traditions.	Joachim	Mary
child	Manuel Tadros is the father of Quebec film director and actor Xavier Dolan.	Manuel Tadros	Xavier Dolan
child	His daughter Christiane Krüger and his son, Hardy Krüger, Jr. are also actors.	Hardy Krüger	Christiane Krüger
child	Thomas Wedgwood III (11 June 1685 -- 27 June 1739) was an English potter and the father of Josiah Wedgwood.	Thomas Wedgwood III	Josiah Wedgwood
child	Barron Hilton has 15 grandchildren, including Paris Hilton and Nicky Hilton Rothschild; both of them are Richard Hilton's daughters.	Barron Hilton	Richard Hilton
child	The Heimskringla Saga states that Eystein Glumra was the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson and Sigurd Eysteinsson.	Eystein Glumra	Rognvald Eysteinsson	Sigurd Eysteinsson
child	Jane Randolph Jefferson, née Jane Randolph (February 9, 1721 -- March 31, 1776) was the wife of Peter Jefferson and the mother of president Thomas Jefferson.	Jane Randolph Jefferson	Thomas Jefferson
child	Julius Marinus was the father of Roman Emperor Philip the Arab and Philip's brother Gaius Julius Priscus.	Julius Marinus	Philip the Arab	Gaius Julius Priscus
child	Agnes of Courtenay (c. 1136 -- c. 1184) was the daughter of Joscelin II of Courtenay by his wife Beatrice (widow of William, Lord of Saône), and the mother of king Baldwin IV of Jerusalem and queen Sibylla of Jerusalem.	Agnes of Courtenay	Baldwin IV of Jerusalem
child	Wife of Erginus Trophonius (possibly) Unknown consorts Acraepheus, eponym of the city Acraephia Chariclo (possibly) Erymanthus Marathus, eponym of Marathon Megarus Melaneus Oncius Phemonoe Pisus, founder of Pisa in Etruria Younger Muses Cephisso Apollonis Borysthenis	Apollo	Oncius
child	In a ceremony at Pride Rock, the Pride Lands commemorate the birth of Simba and Nala's daughter Kiara, whom Simba is overprotective of.	Simba	Kiara
child	Anders Linderoth is the father of former national team player Tobias Linderoth.	Anders Linderoth	Tobias Linderoth
child	Miroslav Macháček was married to Věra Štiborová in 1949 with whom he has got a daughter Kateřina Macháčková, an actress.	Miroslav Macháček	Kateřina Macháčková
child	Thomas Hale Boggs, Jr., a prominent Washington, D.C.,-based attorney and lobbyist; and Barbara Boggs Sigmund, who served as mayor of Princeton, New Jersey.	Hale Boggs	Barbara Boggs Sigmund
child	In 917, Wang Shenzhi took Liu Hua, a niece of Liu Yan, the emperor of Min's southwestern neighbor Yue (which would later be known as Southern Han), whose title was Princess of Qingyuan, as the wife of his second son Wang Yanjun.	Wang Shenzhi	Wang Yanjun
child	Venerable Margherita Occhiena Bosco (1 April 1788 - 25 November 1856) was the mother of Saint John Bosco and worked with the poor and the less fortunate.	Margherita Occhiena	John Bosco
child	Tywin Lannister is not a point of view character in the novels, so his actions are witnessed and interpreted through the eyes of other people, such as his son Tyrion Lannister.	Tywin Lannister	Tyrion Lannister
child	Charat Singh (died 1774) was the eldest son of Naudh Singh, the father of Maha Singh, and the grandfather of Ranjit Singh.	Charat Singh	Maha Singh
conflict	Admiral Sir Edward Neville Syfret GCB KBE (20 June 1889 -- 10 December 1972) was a British naval officer who served with the Royal Navy in World War I and World War II. He was knighted for his part in Operation Pedestal, the critical Malta convoy.	Edward Neville Syfret	World War I
conflict	Felipe Ángeles Ramirez (1868--1919) was a Mexican military officer, noteworthy for his participation in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 to 1920.	Felipe Ángeles	Mexican Revolution
conflict	George Howard, Jr. (May 13, 1924 -- April 21, 2007) was an American World War II veteran, attorney, and a federal judge.	George Howard, Jr.	World War II
conflict	SS Primrose Hill was a British CAM ship that saw action in World War II, armed with a catapult on her bow to launch a Hawker Sea Hurricane.	SS Primrose Hill	World War II
conflict	William H. Woodall was a civilian employee of the Union Army during the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Namozine Church.	William H. Woodall	American Civil War	Battle of Namozine Church
conflict	Robert Martinek (2 February 1889 -- 28 June 1944) was an artillery officer in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I, the Austrian Bundesheer and, during World War II, in the Wehrmacht Heer, who came to be regarded as one of the most skilled artillerymen of his generation.	Robert Martinek	World War I	World War II
conflict	During World War I, Oswald Watt had been the only AFC officer to command a wing apart from Lieutenant Colonel Richard Williams, who was later to become known as the ``Father of the RAAF''.	Oswald Watt	World War I
conflict	USS Sibyl (1863) was a wooden-hull steamer outfitted with heavy guns, purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Sibyl (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	William Henry Harrison Benyaurd (May 17, 1841 -- February 7, 1900) was a Union Army officer during the American Civil War who earned the Medal of Honor for his actions at Five Forks, Virginia on April 1, 1865.	William Henry Harrison Benyaurd	American Civil War
conflict	Ira Hobart Evans (April 11, 1844 -- April 19, 1922) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War and received the Medal of Honor.	Ira Hobart Evans	American Civil War
conflict	Count Armand Blanquet du Chayla (9 May 1759 -- 29 April 1826) was an officer in the French Navy, most famous as second in command of the French fleet during its defeat at the Battle of the Nile.	Armand Blanquet du Chayla	Battle of the Nile
conflict	Fernando Luis García (October 14, 1929 -- September 5, 1952), was a United States Marine Corps private first class who was killed in action during the Korean War and posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism above and beyond the call of duty on September 5, 1952.	Fernando Luis García	Korean War
conflict	USS Adelaide (1854) was a steamer chartered by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War.	USS Adelaide (1854)	American Civil War
conflict	Charles Veale or Veal was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions at the Battle of Chaffin's Farm.	Charles Veale	American Civil War	Battle of Chaffin's Farm
conflict	Sergente Cesare Magistrini began his lengthy aviation career as a World War I flying ace credited with six confirmed and four unconfirmed aerial victories.	Cesare Magistrini	World War I
conflict	George Crockett Strong (October 16, 1832 -- July 30, 1863) was a Union brigadier general in the American Civil War.	George Crockett Strong	American Civil War
conflict	Allen Thomas (December 14, 1830 -- December 3, 1907) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War (Civil War).	Allen Thomas	American Civil War
conflict	Clifton T. Speicher (March 25, 1931 -- June 14, 1952) was a United States Army soldier in the Korean War who posthumously received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Clifton T. Speicher	Korean War
conflict	John Lafferty or Laverty (1842 -- November 13, 1903) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy during the American Civil War and is one of only 19 people in history to receive the Medal of Honor twice.	John Lafferty	American Civil War
conflict	James M. Cumpston (1837 -- May 24, 1888) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War.	James M. Cumpston	American Civil War
conflict	Ulrich Neckel (23 January 1898 - 11 May 1928) Pour le Mérite, Iron Cross First and Second Class, was a World War I fighter ace credited with 30 victories.	Ulrich Neckel	World War I
conflict	Richard H. Cosgriff, Sr., (December 15, 1845 -- November 2, 1910) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Richard H. Cosgriff	American Civil War
conflict	Oskar Ruut (birthname Oskar Rosenstock, April 24, 1916 in Valga -- August 3, 1944 in Sinimäed) was an Estonian Hauptsturmführer in World War II, who served in the famous Battalion Narva and in 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian).	Oskar Ruut	World War II
conflict	Smith Larimer (March 17, 1829 -- February 20, 1881) was a corporal in the 2nd Ohio Cavalry, Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions at the Battle of Sayler's Creek in the American Civil War.	Smith Larimer	American Civil War
conflict	Arnold Elzey (Jones), Jr. (December 18, 1816 -- February 21, 1871) was a soldier in both the United States Army and the Confederate Army, serving as a major general in the American Civil War.	Arnold Elzey	American Civil War
conflict	Tenente-colonnello Alessandro Resch was an Italian World War I flying ace credited with five confirmed aerial victories (though there is historical evidence of a sixth).	Alessandro Resch	World War I
conflict	Capitano Ernesto Cabruna (1889--1960) was a professional soldier who became a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.	Ernesto Cabruna	World War I
conflict	Michael Joseph McNally (June 29, 1860 -- November 2, 1916) was a United States Marine Sergeant who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Second Samoan Civil War.	Michael Joseph McNally	Second Samoan Civil War
conflict	Joseph B. Smith (1826--8 March 1862) was an officer in the United States Navy who was killed in action during the American Civil War.	Joseph B. Smith	American Civil War
conflict	Hasdrubal the Boetharch was a Carthaginian general during the Third Punic War.	Hasdrubal the Boetharch	Third Punic War
conflict	Konstantinos Metaxas (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μεταξάς, 1793--1870 ) was a Greek fighter of the Greek War of Independence and politician from Cephalonia.	Konstantinos Metaxas	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Frederick Walker Castle (October 14, 1908--December 24, 1944) was a general officer in the U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II, and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Frederick Walker Castle	World War II
conflict	Gerhard Stamp (3 June 1920 -- 21 May 1998) was a highly decorated major in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Gerhard Stamp	World War II
conflict	Thomas E. Atkins (February 5, 1921 -- September 15, 1999) was a Private in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for actions in World War II during a skirmish on 10 March 1945 in the Battle of Luzon.	Thomas E. Atkins	World War II
conflict	The MAT-49 saw widespread combat use during the First Indochina War and the Algerian War, as well as the 1956 Suez Crisis.	MAT-49	First Indochina War
conflict	François Goullus, was a brigadier general and baron of the First French Empire during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	François Goullus	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	John Sedgwick (September 13, 1813 -- May 9, 1864) was a teacher, a career military officer, and a Union Army general in the American Civil War.	John Sedgwick	American Civil War
conflict	Emmanouil Manousogiannakis (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Μανουσογιαννάκης, 1853 -- 24 July 1916) was a senior Greek Army officer who distinguished himself in the Balkan Wars of 1912--1913.	Emmanouil Manousogiannakis	Balkan Wars
conflict	Flying Officer Leslie Hamilton DFC, MBE, was a British World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	Leslie Hamilton	World War I
conflict	Admiral Sir Peter Halkett, 6th Baronet (c. 1765 -- 7 October 1839) was a senior Royal Navy officer of the early nineteenth century who is best known for his service in the French Revolutionary Wars.	Sir Peter Halkett, 6th Baronet	French Revolutionary Wars
conflict	William Hugh Young (January 1, 1838 -- November 28, 1901) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War (Civil War).	William Hugh Young	American Civil War
conflict	SS Aloha State, known in World War II as SS Sea Snipe, was a Type C3-S-A2 transport ship that served during World War II. After the war, it served as a civilian transport ship for 24 years, until it was scrapped in August 1971.	SS Aloha State	World War II
conflict	Paul Legentilhomme (Paul Louis Le Gentilhomme) (1884--1975) was an officer in the French Army during World War I and World War II. After the fall of France in 1940, he joined the forces of the Free French.	Paul Legentilhomme	World War I
conflict	Walter-Erich Schneider (15 February 1909 -- 25 October 1987) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Walter-Erich Schneider	World War II
conflict	Sergeant William Norman Holmes MM (born 1896, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.	William Norman Holmes	World War I
conflict	USNS Sgt. Morris E. Crain (T-AK-244) was a Boulder Victory-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served in the war prior to its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel.	USNS Sgt. Morris E. Crain (T-AK-244)	World War II
conflict	Oberstleutnant Wolfgang Schellmann (2 March 1911 -- 22 June 1941) was German World War II Luftwaffe Ace, commander of JG 2 and JG 27 and a winner of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Wolfgang Schellmann	World War II
conflict	Otto Christian Hammer (18 August 1822 -- 10 March 1892) was a Danish naval officer who participated in the First Schleswig War and the Second Schleswig War.	Otto Christian Hammer	First Schleswig War	Second Schleswig War
conflict	John Kenneth Haviland DFC (19 January 1921 -- 1 July 2002) was an American pilot who flew for the Royal Air Force during the Battle of Britain.	John Kenneth Haviland	Battle of Britain
conflict	Erich Hohagen (9 January 1915 -- 8 March 1990) was a German Luftwaffe flying ace during World War II and a General in the post war Bundeswehr.	Erich Hohagen	World War II
conflict	John Clarence Butler (2 February 1921 - 4 June 1942) was a United States Navy officer and Naval aviator who was killed in action in the World War II Battle of Midway.	John Clarence Butler	World War II Battle of Midway
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Sterett (1773-1821), also known as Joseph Sterrett, was a Maryland militia officer who served during the Battle of Baltimore during the War of 1812.	Joseph Sterett	War of 1812
conflict	Hiram Scofield (July 1, 1830 -- December 30, 1906) was a lawyer and Union Army officer during the American Civil War.	Hiram Scofield	American Civil War
conflict	In Spring of 2008, ghostwriter Ken Scott was introduced to Horace Greasley, aged 89, so he could finally have his World War II memoirs recorded.	Horace Greasley	World War II
conflict	Angelis Gatsos (Greek: Αγγελής Γάτσος; 1771--1839) was a Slavophone Greek military commander during the Greek War of Independence.	Angelis Gatsos	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Auzella Savage (1846 -- 1882) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy stationed aboard the USS Santiago de Cuba during the American Civil War.	Auzella Savage	American Civil War
conflict	Georg le Coutre (13 September 1921 -- 8 January 2009) was a highly decorated Leutnant in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and an Oberstleutnant in the Bundeswehr.	Georg le Coutre	World War II
conflict	William Vandever (March 31, 1817 -- July 23, 1893) was a United States Representative from California and Iowa, and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	William Vandever	American Civil War
conflict	Frederick Charles Winkler (March 15, 1838 -- March 22, 1921) was a lieutenant colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was nominated and confirmed for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general in 1866.	Frederick Charles Winkler	American Civil War
conflict	Petit Omar or Little Omar was the nickname of Yacef Omar (1944-1957), a notable figure of the Algerian War for Independence.	Little Omar	Algerian War
conflict	Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern (German: Leopold Stephan Karl Anton Gustav Eduard Tassilo Fürst von Hohenzollern) (22 September 1835 -- 8 June 1905) was the head of the Swabian branch of the House of Hohenzollern, and played a fleeting role in European power politics, in connection with the Franco-Prussian War.	Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Michalis Kourmoulis (Greek: Μιχάλης Κουρμούλης, 1765 - 1824) was a Greek leader of the Greek War of Independence from Crete and one of the major military leaders on the island during the war.	Michalis Kourmoulis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Franz Sigel (November 18, 1824 -- August 21, 1902) was a German military officer, revolutionist and immigrant to the United States who was a teacher, newspaperman, politician, and served as a Union major general in the American Civil War.	Franz Sigel	American Civil War
conflict	David Geisinger (1790 -- 5 March 1860) was an officer of the United States Navy, who served during the War of 1812, and was later Commodore of the East India Squadron.	David Geisinger	War of 1812
conflict	Joseph Hélie Désiré Perruquet de Montrichard (24 January 1760, Thoirette - 5 April 1828) was a French general of the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.	Joseph Hélie Désiré Perruquet de Montrichard	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Colonel Archie Van Winkle (March 17, 1925--May 22, 1986) was a United States Marine who was awarded Medal of Honor for his actions as a Staff Sergeant during the Korean War.	Archie Van Winkle	Korean War
conflict	Michael Aheam (or Ahern) was an American sailor who received the Medal of Honor for valor in action during the American Civil War.	Michael Aheam	American Civil War
conflict	Matthias W. Day (August 8, 1853 -- September 12, 1927) was a career American army officer who received the Medal of Honor, the United States' highest military decoration, for his actions during the American Indian Wars in the latter half of the 19th century.	Matthias W. Day	American Indian Wars
conflict	Edward Winslow Hinks (May 30, 1830 -- February 14, 1894) was a career United States Army officer who served as a brigadier general during the American Civil War.	Edward Winslow Hinks	American Civil War
conflict	Ralph Ambrose O'Neill (December 7, 1896 - October 23, 1980) was a flying ace from World War I credited with five aerial victories.	Ralph Ambrose O'Neill	World War I
conflict	Emory Upton (August 27, 1839 -- March 15, 1881) was a United States Army General and military strategist, prominent for his role in leading infantry to attack entrenched positions successfully at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House during the American Civil War, but he also excelled at artillery and cavalry assignments.	Emory Upton	American Civil War
conflict	Leutnant Fritz Pütter (14 January 1895 - 10 August 1918) Pour le Mérite, Iron Cross, was a German World War I ace fighter pilot credited with victories over eight enemy observation balloons and 17 airplanes.	Fritz Pütter	World War I
conflict	William Mervine (14 March 1791 -- 15 September 1868) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy, whose career included service in the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.	William Mervine	American Civil War
conflict	After the end of World War II (after 1955?), the 25th Guards Rifle Division was given the name and honors of the pre-war 25th Rifle Division, which had been destroyed in the Siege of Sevastopol.	25th Guards Rifle Division	World War II
conflict	Dale Eugene Wayrynen (January 18, 1947 -- May 18, 1967) was a United States Army enlisted soldier and a recipient of America's highest military decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Vietnam War.	Dale Eugene Wayrynen	Vietnam War
conflict	Archie J. Old, Jr. (August 1, 1906 -- March 24, 1984) was a General during World War II and a command Air Force pilot.	Archie J. Old, Jr.	World War II
conflict	Helmuth Bode (15 October 1907 -- 13 April 1985) was a German World War II fighter pilot.	Helmuth Bode	World War II
conflict	Ramire Rosan (April 14, 1895 -- May 24, 2004) was the last World War I veteran from the overseas departments and territories of France.	Ramire Rosan	World War I
conflict	Hans Speidel (28 October 1897 -- 28 November 1984) was a German general during World War II and the Cold War.	Hans Speidel	World War II
conflict	Rear Admiral James Meredith Helm (16 December 1855 -- 28 October 1927) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War.	James Meredith Helm	Spanish-- American War
constellation	PGC 39058 is a dwarf galaxy located 14 million light years away in constellation Draco.	PGC 39058	Draco
constellation	NGC 6584 is a globular cluster in the constellation Telescopium that lies near Theta Arae and is 45000 light-years distant.	NGC 6584	Telescopium
constellation	41 Comae Berenices (41 Com) is an orange giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	41 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	HD 86264 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the F-type main sequence star HD 86264, located approximately 237 light years away in the constellation Hydra.	HD 86264 b	Hydra
constellation	Gliese 623 is a dim double star 26.3 light years from Earth in the constellation Hercules.	Gliese 623	Hercules
constellation	NGC 5584 is a spiral galaxy, more than 50,000 light-years across, that resides 72 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 5584	Virgo
constellation	The Red Rectangle Nebula, so called because of its red color and unique rectangular shape, is a protoplanetary nebula in the Monoceros constellation.	Red Rectangle Nebula	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 3201 is a low galactic latitude globular cluster in the southern constellation of Vela.	NGC 3201	Vela
constellation	Theta Lupi (θ Lup) is a star in the constellation Lupus.	Theta Lupi	Lupus
constellation	G292.0+01.8 is a supernova remnant located in the constellation Centaurus.	G292.0+01.8	Centaurus
constellation	78 Virginis (78 Vir) is a star in the constellation Virgo.	78 Virginis	Virgo
constellation	HD 128311 c is an exoplanet located approximately 54 light-years away in the constellation of Boötes.	HD 128311 c	Boötes
constellation	HD 224801, also known as CG Andromedae, is an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum variable star in the constellation Andromeda.	HD 224801	Andromeda
constellation	HD 59612 is a supergiant star in the constellation Puppis.	HD 59612	Puppis
constellation	87 Aquarii (abbreviated 87 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	87 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 4747 is a star that lies approximately 61 light-years away in the constellation of Cetus.	HD 4747	Cetus
constellation	V391 Pegasi, also catalogued as HS 2201+2610, is a blue-white subdwarf star approximately 4,570 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus.	V391 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	Luyten's Star (GJ 273) is a red dwarf in the constellation Canis Minor located at a distance of approximately 12.36 light-years (3.79 parsecs) from the Sun. It has a visual magnitude of 9.9, making it too faint to be viewed with the unaided eye.	Luyten's Star	Canis Minor
constellation	NGC 6934 (also known as Caldwell 47) is a globular cluster in the constellation Delphinus, about 50,000 light years distant.	NGC 6934	Delphinus
constellation	Nova Sagittarii 1898 (also called V1059 Sagittarii) was a nova, which lit up in 1898 in the constellation Sagittarius.	Nova Sagittarii 1898	Sagittarius
constellation	HD 38283 is a 7th magnitude F-type main sequence star located approximately 125 light-years away in the constellation of Mensa.	HD 38283	Mensa
constellation	Altarf (β Cnc, β Cancri, Tarf, Al Tarf) is the brightest star in the zodiacal constellation Cancer.	Altarf	Cancer
constellation	7 Sagittarii (7 Sgr) is a type-F star in Sagittarius.	7 Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	Phi Serpentis (φ Ser, φ Serpentis) is a star in the constellation Serpens.	Phi Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	Nu Virginis (ν Vir, ν Virginis) is a star in the constellation Virgo.	Nu Virginis	Virgo
constellation	HD 23596 is a 7th magnitude star approximately 164 light years away in the constellation Perseus.	HD 23596	Perseus
constellation	61 Virginis c (abbreviated 61 Vir c) is an exoplanet orbiting the 5th apparent-magnitude G-type main-sequence star 61 Virginis in the constellation Virgo.	61 Virginis c	Virgo
constellation	Sigma Pegasi is a yellow-white star in the constellation Pegasus of spectral type F7IV located around 89 light-years away.	Sigma Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	Messier 105 (also known as M105 and NGC 3379) is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Leo.	Messier 105	Leo
constellation	111 Tauri is a wide binary star system in the constellation Taurus.	111 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	12 Lyncis (12 Lyn) is a star in the constellation Lynx.	12 Lyncis	Lynx
constellation	Rho Scorpii (ρ Sco, ρ Scorpii) is a binary star in the constellation Scorpius.	Rho Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	70 Aquarii (abbreviated 70 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	70 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Kappa Centauri (κ Cen, κ Centauri) is a binary star in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	Kappa Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Theta Cygni (θ Cygni, θ Cyg) is a star in the northern constellation of Cygnus.	Theta Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	HD 36041 is giant star in the northern constellation Auriga.	HD 36041	Auriga
constellation	NGC 4866 is a lenticular galaxy located 80 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo.	NGC 4866	Virgo
constellation	54 Aquarii (abbreviated 54 Aqr) is a white main sequence star of the constellation of Aquarius.	54 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	The NGC 4631 Group is a poorly defined group of galaxies, about 25 million light years from Earth in the Coma Berenices and Canes Venatici constellations.	NGC 4631 Group	Coma Berenices	Canes Venatici
constellation	NGC 9 is a spiral galaxy about 140 million light years away in the Pegasus constellation.	NGC 9	Pegasus
constellation	Xi Scorpii (ξ Sco, ξ Scorpii) is a star system in the constellation Scorpius.	Xi Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	NGC 5585 is a spiral galaxy located about 28 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Ursa Major and is a member of the M101 Group of galaxies.	NGC 5585	Ursa Major
constellation	Abell 1689 is a galaxy cluster in the constellation Virgo nearly 2.2 billion light years away.	Abell 1689	Virgo
constellation	NGC 2419 (also known as Caldwell 25) is a globular cluster in the constellation Lynx.	NGC 2419	Lynx
constellation	NGC 6188 is an emission nebula located about 4,000 light years away in the constellation Ara.	NGC 6188	Ara
constellation	AB Doradus is a pre-main-sequence trinary star system in the constellation Dorado.	AB Doradus	Dorado
constellation	Delta Boötis (δ Boo, δ Boötis) is a double star in the northern constellation Boötes.	Delta Boötis	Boötes
constellation	38 Arietis (abbreviated 38 Ari) is a variable star in the northern constellation of Aries.	38 Arietis	Aries
constellation	Tau Centauri (τ Cen, τ Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	Tau Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 25 is a lenticular galaxy situated in the Phoenix constellation.	NGC 25	Phoenix
constellation	HD 156668 is star in the northern constellation of Hercules constellation.	HD 156668	Hercules
constellation	GRO J1655-40 is a binary star consisting of an evolved F5 primary star and a massive, unseen companion, which orbit each other once every 2.6 days in the constellation of Scorpius.	GRO J1655-40	Scorpius
constellation	HD 72108 (A Vel, A Velorum) is a star system in the constellation Vela.	HD 72108	Vela
constellation	NGC 1309 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 120 million light-years away in the constellation Eridanus.	NGC 1309	Eridanus
constellation	NGC 1097 is a barred spiral galaxy about 45 million light-travel years away in the constellation Fornax.	NGC 1097	Fornax
constellation	59 Virginis (e Virginis, HR 5011, Gliese 504) is a G-type main-sequence star, located in constellation Virgo at approximately 57 light-years from Earth.	59 Virginis	Virgo
constellation	Chi Serpentis (χ Ser, χ Serpentis) is a star in the constellation Serpens.	Chi Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	HD 103197 is a 9th magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 170 light years away in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 103197	Centaurus
constellation	Psi Velorum (ψ Vel, ψ Velorum) is a binary star in the constellation Vela.	Psi Velorum	Vela
constellation	HD 68988 c is an exoplanet located approximately 192 light-years away in the constellation of Ursa Major, orbiting the star HD 68988.	HD 68988 c	Ursa Major
constellation	53 Aquarii (abbreviated 53 Aqr) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	53 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Phi Aquarii (φ Aqr, φ Aquarii) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Phi Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 167042 b is a gas giant extrasolar planet located approximately 163 light-years away in the constellation of Draco, orbiting the star HD 167042.	HD 167042 b	Draco
constellation	Epsilon Indi (ε Indi, ε Ind) is a star system approximately 12 light-years from Earth in the constellation of Indus consisting of a K-type main-sequence star, ε Indi A, and two brown dwarfs, ε Indi Ba and ε Indi Bb, in a wide orbit around it.	Epsilon Indi	Indus
constellation	Messier 99 (also known as M99 or NGC 4254) is an unbarred spiral galaxy approximately 50 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices.	Messier 99	Coma Berenices
constellation	NGC 91 (PGC 3325956, GC 41, GC 5097, or NPD 68 22.9) is a star with an apparent magnitude of 14.4 in the constellation of Andromeda.	NGC 91	Andromeda
constellation	Sigma Geminorum (σ Gem) is a star in the constellation Gemini.	Sigma Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	71 Tauri (71 Tau) is a faint star in the constellation Taurus.	71 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	Beta Serpentis (β Ser, β Serpentis) is a star system in the constellation Serpens, in its head (Serpens Caput).	Beta Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	V Centauri (V Cen) is a Classical Cepheid variable, a type of variable star, in the constellation Centaurus.	V Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	HD 109749 is a yellow subgiant star about 192 light years away in the constellation of Centaurus.	HD 109749	Centaurus
constellation	11 Cephei (11 Cep) is a star in the constellation Cepheus.	11 Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	The Gum Nebula (Gum 12) is an emission nebula that extends across 40° in the southern constellations Vela and Puppis.	Gum Nebula	Vela	Puppis
constellation	Gamma Trianguli Australis (γ TrA, γ Trianguli Australis) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe.	Gamma Trianguli Australis	Triangulum Australe
constellation	NGC 6334 (also known as the Cat's Paw Nebula, Bear Claw Nebula and Gum 64) is an emission nebula and star-forming region located in the constellation Scorpius.	NGC 6334	Scorpius
constellation	Wolf 489 (WD 1334+039, LHS 46, G 062-053, Gliese 518) is a nearby degenerate star (white dwarf) of spectral class DZ10.0), the single known component of the system, located in the constellation Virgo.	Wolf 489	Virgo
constellation	HD 219659 is suspected variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	HD 219659	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 4921 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Coma Cluster, located in the constellation Coma Berenices.	NGC 4921	Coma Berenices
constellation	K Centauri (K Cen) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	K Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	37 Aquarii (abbreviated 37 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	37 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	HD 158220 is a giant Be star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 158220	Ara
constellation	Messier 69 (also known as M69 or NGC 6637) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius.	Messier 69	Sagittarius
constellation	WASP-2b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star WASP-2 located about 470 light years away in the constellation of Delphinus.	WASP-2b	Delphinus
constellation	Kepler-32c (alt. name KOI 952.02) is an extrasolar planet in orbit around its M-dwarf-type star in the Kepler-32 system, constellation of Cygnus.	Kepler-32c	Cygnus
constellation	HD 96819, (HR 4334, HIP 54477), is a type A2Vn white main-sequence dwarf star 181 ly from here in the constellation of Hydra that shines with a magnitude of 5.43.	HD 96819	Hydra
constellation	16 Sagittarii (16 Sgr) is a double star in Sagittarius.	16 Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	38 Aquarii (abbreviated 38 Aqr) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	38 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Gliese 876 is a red dwarf approximately 15 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius.	Gliese 876	Aquarius
constellation	47 Aquarii (abbreviated 47 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	47 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	KOI-81 is an eclipsing binary star in the constellation of Cygnus.	KOI-81	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 46 is an F8 star in Pisces, which was identified on October 22, 1852 by Edward Joshua Cooper, and he incorrectly identified it as a nebula.	NGC 46	Pisces
constellation	NGC 752 (also known as Caldwell 28) is an open cluster in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 752	Andromeda
constellation	HD 98800, also catalogued as TV Crateris (TV Crt), is a quadruple star system approximately 150 light-years away in the constellation of Crater (the cup).	HD 98800	Crater
constellation	Chi Boötis (χ Boo, χ Boötis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	Chi Boötis	Boötes
constellation	24 Scorpii (24 Sco) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	24 Scorpii	Ophiuchus
constellation	The Rho Ophiuchi cloud complex is a dark nebula of gas and dust that is located 1° south of the star ρ Ophiuchi of the constellation Ophiuchus.	Rho Ophiuchi cloud complex	Ophiuchus
constellation	Messier 23 (also known as NGC 6494) is an open cluster in the constellation Sagittarius.	Messier 23	Sagittarius
constellation	V838 Herculis was a nova which occurred in the constellation Hercules in 1991 and which reached magnitude 5.0.	V838 Herculis	Hercules
constellation	WISE J071322.55−291751.9 (designation abbreviated to WISE 0713−2917) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0, located in constellation Canis Major at approximately 23 light-years from Earth.	WISE 0713−2917	Canis Major
constellation	Zeta Capricorni, (ζ Cap, ζ Capricorni), is a fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Capricornus.	Zeta Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	15 Arietis (abbreviated 15 Ari) is a single variable star in the northern constellation of Aries.	15 Arietis	Aries
constellation	7 Boötis (7 Boo) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	7 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	The California Nebula (NGC 1499) is an emission nebula located in the constellation Perseus.	California Nebula	Perseus
constellation	The Water Lily Nebula, in the southern constellation of Ara, is a pre-planetary nebula also known as IRAS 16594-4656, in the process of developing to a planetary nebula.	Water Lily Nebula	Ara
constellation	HD 150706 is a 7th magnitude star in the constellation of Ursa Minor.	HD 150706	Ursa Minor
continent	LaPrade Valley (85°11′S 174°36′W) is a valley in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica with steep rock walls and ice-covered floor, about 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, extending north to McGregor Glacier, just west of Rougier Hill.	LaPrade Valley	Antarctica
continent	Klinck Nunatak (72°4′S 63°59′W) is an isolated nunatak rising to about 1,800 metres (5,900 ft) between the Blanchard Nunataks and the Holmes Hills in south-central Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Klinck Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Flånuten (71°47′S 11°17′E) is a mountain 2,725 metres (8,940 ft) high extending as a massif between Livdebotnen Cirque and Vindegghallet Glacier, in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Flånuten	Antarctica
continent	Liebig Peak (66°46′S 66°0′W) is a prominent peak on the Protector Heights, Pernik Peninsula, on the Loubet Coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Liebig Peak	Antarctica
continent	Sowle Nunatak (84°3′S 66°5′W) is a nunatak situated in the Rambo Nunataks, lying 5.5 nautical miles (10 km) southeast of Wagner Nunatak on the west side of Foundation Ice Stream, in the Pensacola Mountains, Edith Ronne Land, Antarctica.	Sowle Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Høgskavlen Mountain (72°40′S 3°43′W) is a prominent, flattish, snow-topped mountain just northeast of Domen Butte in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Høgskavlen Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Studena Point (Bulgarian: нос Студена, ``Nos Studena'' \'nos stu-'de-na\) is a rocky point forming the west side of the entrance to Dalchev Cove on the north coast of Parker Peninsula in the northeast part of Anvers Island, the Palmer Archipelago in Antarctica.	Studena Point	Antarctica
continent	Griffiths Glacier is a prominent cirque-type glacier located northeast of Crisp Glacier in the Gonville and Caius Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Griffiths Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Koehler Nunatak (74°52′S 98°8′W) is an isolated nunatak about 20 nautical miles (40 km) east-southeast of Mount Manthe, at the southeastern margin of the Hudson Mountains, Antarctica.	Koehler Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Pirie Peninsula is a narrow peninsula extending 6 km (3.7 mi) northward from the center of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Pirie Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Goodge Col (78°28′S 85°38′W) is a broad ice-covered col at 3,600 metres (11,800 ft) elevation between the south side of Mount Shinn and the Vinson Massif in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Goodge Col	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kinabalu (Malay: Gunung Kinabalu) is a prominent mountain on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia.	Mount Kinabalu	Asia
continent	Eaton Nunatak (75°10′S 72°0′W) is a prominent nunatak marking the southeastern extremity of the Merrick Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Eaton Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Stolnik Peak (Bulgarian: връх Столник, ``Vrah Stolnik'' \'vr&h 'stol-nik\) is the peak rising to 2600 m in the east foothills of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Stolnik Peak	Antarctica
continent	Fuller Rock is a rock awash, one of the principal dangers to ships on the north side of Faure Passage, Marguerite Bay, Antarctica, about 7.8 kilometres (4.2 nmi) south-southwest of Dismal Island.	Fuller Rock	Antarctica
continent	Janosy Hill (78°9′S 163°44′E) is a hill rising to 913 metres (2,995 ft) just west of Mirabilite Pond in the Porter Hills, in the Denton Hills of the Scott Coast, Antarctica.	Janosy Hill	Antarctica
continent	Fusco Nunatak (80°2′S 80°9′W) is the westernmost of the Wilson Nunataks, located just west of Hercules Inlet, at the southeastern extremity of the Heritage Range, Antarctica.	Fusco Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	San Stefano Peak (Bulgarian: връх Сан Стефано, ``Vrah San Stefano'' \'vr&h 'san ste-'fa-no\) is a rocky peak rising to 256 m, the summit of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	San Stefano Peak	Antarctica
continent	Sparadok Point (Bulgarian: нос Спарадок, ``Nos Sparadok'' \'nos spa-ra-'dok\) is a sharp ice-free point projecting 200 m from the coast of Byers Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica with a shingle spit extending further 300 m northwards into Barclay Bay.	Sparadok Point	Antarctica
continent	Miller Glacier is a glacier about 1 nautical mile (2 km) wide, described by Griffith Taylor as a transection glacier lying in a transverse trough and connecting Cotton Glacier and Debenham Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Miller Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kellas Islands are two small islands 1 kilometre (0.5 nmi) south of the Parallactic Islands in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Kellas Islands	Antarctica
continent	McGinnis Peak (84°32′S 177°52′W) is a prominent peak, 1,270 metres (4,170 ft) high with a large, bare cirque in the north slope, near the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	McGinnis Peak	Antarctica
continent	Gain Glacier (71°1′S 61°25′W) is a large glacier on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica, flowing northeast from Cat Ridge and entering the Weddell Sea between Imshaug Peninsula and Morency Island.	Gain Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Erickson Bluffs (75°2′S 136°30′W) are a series of conspicuous rock bluffs extending from Gilbert Bluff to Mount Sinha, forming the southwest edge of the McDonald Heights, near the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Erickson Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Algal Lake (77°38′S 166°25′E) is a small, roughly circular meltwater lake about midway between Skua Lake and Island Lake on Cape Evans, Ross Island, Antarctica.	Algal Lake	Antarctica
continent	The Gromov Nunataks (67°45′S 50°40′E) are a group of nunataks lying 7 nautical miles (13 km) east-southeast of Mount Henry in the Scott Mountains of Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Gromov Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Koerwitz Glacier (85°42′S 154°24′W) is a low gradient glacier flowing northeast from Mount Griffith in the Hays Mountains of Antarctica to the Karo Hills.	Koerwitz Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lavallee Point (76°37′S 159°50′E) is the northernmost point of Shipton Ridge in the Allan Hills, Oates Land, Antarctica.	Lavallee Point	Antarctica
continent	Leay Glacier (65°10′S 63°57′W) is a glacier flowing northwest into Girard Bay to the west of Hotine Glacier, on Kiev Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Leay Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Monge Island is a small rocky island off the coast of Antarctica, lying immediately south of La Conchée and 0.9 kilometres (0.5 nmi) northeast of Cape Mousse.	Monge Island	Antarctica
continent	Hamarøya Mountain (71°56′S 4°57′E) is an isolated ice-free mountain in the middle of the mouth of Vestreskorve Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Hamarøya Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Cape Royds is a dark rock cape forming the western extremity of Ross Island, facing on McMurdo Sound, Antarctica.	Cape Royds	Antarctica
continent	Ares Cliff (71°49′S 68°15′W) is a cliff in Antarctica.	Ares Cliff	Antarctica
continent	The Hansen Rocks are a group of five small islands lying just north of Holme Bay and the coast of Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica, about 2 kilometres (1 nmi) northeast of the Sawert Rocks and Nella Rock, and about 2 kilometres (1 nmi) northwest of the Canopus Rocks.	Hansen Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Hochstetter Peak (Bulgarian: връх Хохщетер, ``Vrah Hochstetter'' \'vr&h 'hoh-shte-ter\) is the partly ice-free bluff rising to over 1000 m in the southeast foothills of Louis-Philippe Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hochstetter Peak	Antarctica
continent	Heroína Island is a small island in Antarctica, marking the northeast end of the Danger Islands, east-southeast of Joinville Island.	Heroína Island	Antarctica
continent	Webb Subglacial Trench (70°0′S 146°0′E) is a subglacial trench in the northwest part of Wilkes Subglacial Basin, to the west of Southern Cross Subglacial Highlands, in East Antarctica.	Webb Subglacial Trench	Antarctica
continent	Zapol Glacier (78°35′S 85°51′W) is a steep valley glacier draining the west slope of Vinson Massif south of Silverstein Peak and Príncipe de Asturias Peak, and descending between Tulaczyk Glacier and Donnellan Glacier in the Sentinel Range, Antarctica.	Zapol Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Meoto Rocks (68°7′S 42°36′E) are two large rocks lying just west of Cape Hinode, off the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Meoto Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Hutchins Nunataks (75°39′S 68°10′W) are a group of nunataks rising to about 1,200 metres (4,000 ft), 12 nautical miles (22 km) north-northeast of Mount Leek, in the Hauberg Mountains of southern Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Hutchins Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Laizure Glacier (69°15′S 158°7′E) is a broad glacier that enters the sea immediately west of Drake Head, Oates Coast, Antarctica.	Laizure Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Rakovski Nunatak (Rakovski Nunatak \ra-'kov-ski 'nu-na-tak\) is a rocky peak of elevation 430 m in Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Rakovski Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Gösta Peaks (72°6′S 2°44′W) are the northeastern peaks of the Liljequist Heights, in the southern part of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gösta Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Byers Peninsula is a mainly ice-free peninsula forming the west end of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Byers Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Elephant Point is a small predominantly ice-free promontory projecting 2 km into Bransfield Strait at the south extremity of the west half of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Elephant Point	Antarctica
continent	Cape Bowles is a cape forming the southern extremity of Clarence Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Cape Bowles	Antarctica
continent	Mount Friesland is a mountain rising to 1,700.2 metres (5,578 ft) in the homonymous Friesland Ridge, the summit of Tangra Mountains and Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Mount Friesland	Antarctica
continent	Cape Gray (66°51′S 143°22′E) is a rocky cape which forms the east side of the entrance to Commonwealth Bay, part of the George V Coast of Antarctica.	Cape Gray	Antarctica
continent	Galen Peak (64°22′S 62°26′W) is a peak in Solvay Mountains 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Buls Bay, standing at the south side of Hippocrates Glacier in the south part of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Galen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Lost Seal Stream (77°36′S 163°15′E) is a glacial meltwater stream, 1.4 nautical miles (2.6 km) long, draining from the west margin of Commonwealth Glacier into the northeast end of Lake Fryxell, in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lost Seal Stream	Antarctica
continent	Mesta Peak (Vrah Mesta \'vr&h 'mes-ta\) is a conspicuous, sharp and narrow rocky peak extending 500 m in east-west direction and rising to approximately 400 m in Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Mesta Peak	Antarctica
continent	Misnomer Point is the ice-free tipped point projecting 400 m westwards from the northwest coast of Alfatar Peninsula, Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the east side of the entrance to Carlota Cove.	Misnomer Point	Antarctica
continent	Melchior Harbor (64°19′S 62°59′W) is a small harbor in the Melchior Islands, Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica, formed by the semi-circular arrangement of Delta, Alpha, Beta, Kappa and Gamma Islands.	Melchior Harbor	Antarctica
continent	Mount Manger (77°29′S 153°15′W) is a snow-covered mountain located 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Mount Josephine in the Alexandra Mountains, on King Edward VII Peninsula, Antarctica.	Mount Manger	Antarctica
continent	Kirk Glacier (72°2′S 169°9′E) is a tributary glacier draining southeast along the south side of Fischer Ridge into Ironside Glacier, in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Kirk Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kristin Peak (77°26′S 168°19′E) is a peak rising to over 1,300 metres (4,300 ft) at the north end of Giggenbach Ridge on Ross Island, Antarctica.	Kristin Peak	Antarctica
continent	Alamein Range (72°5′S 163°30′E) is a mountain range lying west of Canham Glacier, in the Freyberg Mountains of Antarctica.	Alamein Range	Antarctica
continent	Sætet, also known as Saetet Cirque, is a large cirque in the north side of Jutulsessen, in the Gjelsvik Mountains, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Sætet	Antarctica
continent	The Columbia River is the largest river in the Pacific Northwest region of North America.	Columbia River	North America
continent	Pickwick Island is the largest of the Pitt Islands, in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica.	Pickwick Island	Antarctica
continent	Stranger Point is a point forming the southernmost tip of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Stranger Point	Antarctica
continent	The Dakshin Gangotri Glacier is a small tongue of the polar continental ice sheet impinging on the Schirmacher Oasis of central Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Dakshin Gangotri Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Half Dome Nunatak (82°27′S 159°14′E) is a nunatak lying 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of the Cobham Range in Antarctica, at the mouth of Lucy Glacier.	Half Dome Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Young Glacier (78°4′S 84°49′W) is a glacier which flows from Mount Gozur and Ichera Peak in Maglenik Heights eastwards for 8 miles (13 km) and terminates at the north end of Barnes Ridge on the east side of Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Young Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gallagher Ridge (77°28′S 162°49′E) is a ridge that trends northeast from Mount Newall, Asgard Range, and descends to lower Wright Valley to the east of Decker Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Gallagher Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kamenov Spur (Bulgarian: Каменов връх, ``Kamenov Vrah'' \'ka-me-nov 'vr&h\) is the rocky, partly ice-free peak rising to 600 m in Poibrene Heights on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Kamenov Spur	Antarctica
continent	The British Antarctic Territory (BAT) is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom as one of its 14 British Overseas Territories.	British Antarctic Territory	Antarctica
continent	Bell Bluff (84°4′S 170°0′E) is a rock bluff on the west side of Beardmore Glacier, just north of the mouth of Garrard Glacier, Antarctica.	Bell Bluff	Antarctica
continent	The Herbert Range is a mountain range in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica, extending from the edge of the polar plateau to the Ross Ice Shelf between the Axel Heiberg and Strom glaciers.	Herbert Range	Antarctica
continent	Danco Island or Isla Dedo is an island off Antarctica, 2 kilometres (1 nmi) long lying in the southern part of Errera Channel, off the west coast of Graham Land.	Danco Island	Antarctica
continent	Ash Point is a rounded low ice-free point forming the southeast side of the entrance to Discovery Bay in the northeast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica with an adjacent ice-free area of 201 hectares (500 acres).	Ash Point	Antarctica
continent	Strover Peak (69°43′S 74°7′E) is a low rock peak along the coast of Antarctica, standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) west-northwest of Mount Caroline Mikkelsen.	Strover Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Komoé River is a river in West Africa.	Komoé River	Africa
continent	Davis Ice Piedmont (70°38′S 166°16′E) is an ice piedmont about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long and 4 nautical miles (7 km) wide, located along the north side of Missen Ridge on the north coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Davis Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	Mount Bolt (71°5′S 165°43′E) is a mountain (2,010 m) rising on the north side of Ebbe Glacier and 5 nautical miles (9 km) northwest of Peterson Bluff in the Anare Mountains, a major mountain range situated in the geographical location of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Bolt	Antarctica
continent	Hughes Basin (80°19′S 156°18′E) is a large basinlike névé in the Britannia Range of Antarctica which is bounded except to the south by the Ravens Mountains, Mount Henderson, Mount Olympus and Mount Quackenbush.	Hughes Basin	Antarctica
continent	Pesce Peninsula (71°41′S 74°57′W) is a broad snow-covered peninsula lying between Rameau Inlet and Verdi Inlet on the north side of the Beethoven Peninsula, situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Pesce Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Hampton Bluffs (64°25′S 59°18′W) are a group of three rock bluffs on the east side of Larsen Inlet, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hampton Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Cape Froward (Spanish: Cabo Froward) (53°56′00``S 071°20′00''W) is the southernmost point on the mainland of South America.	Cape Froward	South America
continent	Mount Plymouth is a conspicuous peak rising to 520 m in the northeast extremity of Dryanovo Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Mount Plymouth	Antarctica
continent	Ian Peak is a peak in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica, 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Mount Stirling where the feature overlooks the heads of Leap Year Glacier and Champness Glacier.	Ian Peak	Antarctica
continent	Alcyone Cone (72°42′S 165°33′E) is an extinct volcanic cone near the center of The Pleiades, at the west side of the head of Mariner Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Alcyone Cone	Antarctica
continent	McCarthy Inlet (78°50′S 45°0′W) is an ice-filled inlet which is the largest and northernmost of three inlets indenting the eastern side of Berkner Island, Antarctica.	McCarthy Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Lake Kamome (69°1′S 39°35′E) is a small lake between Lake Midori and Lake Tarachine in the southern part of East Ongul Island, Antarctica.	Lake Kamome	Antarctica
continent	Mount Vernon Harcourt (72°32′S 169°55′E) is a remarkable conical mountain (1,570 m) in the south-central part of Hallett Peninsula, Victoria Land in Antarctica.	Mount Vernon Harcourt	Antarctica
continent	The Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains (German: Mühlig-Hofmann-Gebirge) is a major group of associated mountain features extending east to west for 65 miles between the Gjelsvik Mountains and the Orvin Mountains in Queen Maud Land, East Antarctica.	Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Santa Cruz Point, also Spencer Bluff, is a rocky point forming the east extremity of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and the southwest side of the entrance to English Strait.	Santa Cruz Point	Antarctica
continent	Giovinco Ice Piedmont (84°1′S 176°10′E) is an ice piedmont, 10 nautical miles (19 km) wide, between Canyon Glacier and Perez Glacier, gradually descending north to the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Giovinco Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	Leslie Peak (68°0′S 56°30′E) is a rock outcrop with a conical peak at its south end, about 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of Mount Cook of the Leckie Range, Antarctica.	Leslie Peak	Antarctica
continent	Fogle Peak (77°57′S 162°34′E) is a distinctive pointed peak, 2,475 metres (8,120 ft) high, standing at the head of Kamb Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Fogle Peak	Antarctica
continent	Shackleton Ice Shelf is an extensive ice shelf fronting the coast of East Antarctica for about 384 km (95E to 105E), projecting seaward about 145 km in the western portion and 64 km in the east.	Shackleton Ice Shelf	Antarctica
continent	Troyan Peak (Vrah Troyan \'vr&h tro-'yan\) is a peak rising to 810 m in the Friesland Ridge of the Tangra Mountains in Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Troyan Peak	Antarctica
continent	Urdoviza Glacier (Lednik Urdoviza \'led-nik ur-do-'vi-za\) is a glacier on western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated east of the northern portion of Etar Snowfield and north of Medven Glacier.	Urdoviza Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Friedmann Valley is one of the McMurdo Dry Valleys, located west of Rector Ridge at the head of Beacon Valley, in the Quartermain Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Friedmann Valley	Antarctica
continent	Sedgwick Glacier (69°51′S 69°22′W) is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica, 7 nautical miles (13 km) long and 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) wide, which flows east from the foot of Mount Stephenson into George VI Sound immediately north of Mount Huckle.	Sedgwick Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lyftingen Peak (72°17′S 3°15′W) is a peak just southeast of the Kjølrabbane Hills, near the southwest end of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Lyftingen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kaname Island is a small, isolated island which lies about 40 kilometres (22 nmi) northwest of Padda Island in Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Kaname Island	Antarctica
continent	Coblentz Peak is a peak rising at the north side of the head of Holtedahl Bay, in Chiren Heights, Velingrad Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica.	Coblentz Peak	Antarctica
continent	Riksa Islands (Bulgarian: острови Рикса, ``Ostrovi Riksa'' \'os-trovi 'ri-ksa\) are three adjacent ice-free islands in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Riksa Islands	Antarctica
continent	Mirazh Mountain (71°18′S 13°25′E) is a peak rising to 1,485 metres (4,870 ft) on the north-central part of Steinmulen Shoulder in the Gruber Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mirazh Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lagado (66°0′S 63°15′W) is a mountain rising to about 1,200 metres (4,000 ft) on the south side of Leppard Glacier, west of Target Hill, on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lagado	Antarctica
continent	Montenegro (i/ˌmɒntᵻˈneɪɡroʊ/ MON-tən-AYG-roh or /ˌmɒntᵻˈniːɡroʊ/ MON-tən-EEG-roh or /ˌmɒntᵻˈnɛɡroʊ/ MON-tən-EG-roh; Montenegrin: Crna Gora / Црна Гора (t͡sr̩̂ːnaː ɡɔ̌ra), meaning ``Black Mountain'') is a sovereign state in Southeastern Europe.	Montenegro	Europe
continent	Kamb Glacier (77°55′S 162°39′E) is a broad elevated glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km)) long, in the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing northeast from Fogle Peak to enter Condit Glacier.	Kamb Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Molina Rocks (63°22′S 58°27′W) are a small group of rocks 4 nautical miles (7 km) west of the Tupinier Islands, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Molina Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Hackapike Bay is an anchorage 4 miles (6 km) northwest of Ryswyck Point, entered west of False Island along the northeast coast of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Hackapike Bay	Antarctica
continent	Kerseblept Nunatak (Nunatak Kerseblept \'nu-na-tak ker-se-'blept\) is a rocky hill of elevation 90 m projecting from Yakoruda Glacier on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kerseblept Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Hjort Fracture Zone (62°S 163°E) is an undersea fracture zone in Antarctica.	Hjort Fracture Zone	Antarctica
continent	Mount Fuller (77°53′S 162°21′E) is a peak in the Cathedral Rocks, Royal Society Range, rising to 1,925 metres (6,316 ft) between the lower portions of Zoller Glacier and Darkowski Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Fuller	Antarctica
continent	The MacDonald Hills (77°33′S 163°21′E) are a compact group of exposed rock hills east of Commonwealth Glacier on the north side of lower Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	MacDonald Hills	Antarctica
continent	The Gibbous Rocks are a group of rocks located 7 km (4 nmi) north-west of Cape Belsham, Elephant Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Gibbous Rocks	Antarctica
continent	South Ice was a British support base 560 kilometres (300 nmi) from the South Pole at 82°05'S, 30°00'W in Edith Ronne Land, Antarctica during the International Geophysical Year, established by Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, where three men overwintered during the Antarctic winter of 1957.	South Ice	Antarctica
continent	The Gould Coast (84°30′S 150°0′W) is that portion of the coast of Antarctica along the eastern margin of the Ross Ice Shelf between the west side of Scott Glacier and the south end of the Siple Coast (83°30′S 153°0′W).	Gould Coast	Antarctica
continent	Karelin Bay (66°30′S 85°0′E) is a bay-like indentation in the middle of the north part of the West Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Karelin Bay	Antarctica
continent	Vesleskarvet is a nunatak on the west side of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Vesleskarvet	Antarctica
continent	Gorev Island (66°32′S 92°59′E) is a small island lying between Buromskiy Island and Poryadin Island in the Haswell Islands, Antarctica.	Gorev Island	Antarctica
continent	Eroica Peninsula (71°11′S 72°30′W) is an ice-covered peninsula lying north of Beethoven Peninsula and Mendelssohn Inlet in western Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Eroica Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Goodwin Nunataks (84°38′S 161°31′E) are a small group of isolated nunataks lying about 10 nautical miles (20 km) west of the Marshall Mountains of Antarctica, at the south side of Walcott Neve.	Goodwin Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Ambergris Glacier (65°43′S 62°37′W) is a glacier flowing south-southeast from Mount Sara Teodora between Chintulov Ridge and Valkosel Ridge to join Flask Glacier just west of Fluke Ridge in Aristotle Mountains on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Ambergris Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Doescher Nunatak (72°23′S 160°59′E) is a somewhat isolated nunatak situated 13 nautical miles (24 km) north of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Doescher Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Zemen Knoll (Zemenska Mogila \'ze-men-ska mo-'gi-la\) is a peak of 453 m in the Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Zemen Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Møteplassen Peak (72°47′S 3°9′W) is the northernmost peak in the group bordering the south side of Frostlendet Valley, in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Møteplassen Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Lilliput Nunataks (66°8′S 62°40′W) are three nunataks, from 600 to 700 metres (2,000 to 2,300 ft) high and trending southeast--northwest, located 3 nautical miles (6 km) north of Gulliver Nunatak on the east side of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lilliput Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Grob Ridge (83°29′S 51°22′W) is a narrow ridge, 3 nautical miles (6 km) long, located 3 nautical miles south of Dyrdal Peak at the south end of the Forrestal Range, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.	Grob Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Newell Point is the rocky point forming the northeast extremity of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and is a northwest entrance point of Nelson Strait.	Newell Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Krebs (84°50′S 170°20′W) is a prominent rock peak, 1,630 metres (5,350 ft) high, surmounting the central part of the main ridge of Lillie Range, 4 nautical miles (7 km) north of Mount Daniel, in the foothills of the Prince Olav Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Krebs	Antarctica
continent	Basilica Peak (70°2′S 159°20′E) is a granite peak, 1,810 metres (5,940 ft) high, located 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) southeast of Mount Gorton in the southern part of the Wilson Hills in Antarctica.	Basilica Peak	Antarctica
continent	Fizkin Island (65°31′S 65°31′W) is an island lying 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) southeast of Pickwick Island and 900 m southeast of Arrowsmith Island, Pitt Islands in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica.	Fizkin Island	Antarctica
continent	Bandstone Block (71°40′S 68°12′W) is an almost rectangular block of sandstone in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Bandstone Block	Antarctica
continent	Framranten Point (73°49′S 5°13′W) is a rocky point that extends northwestward from Kuvungen Hill, near the southwest end of the Kirwan Escarpment in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Framranten Point	Antarctica
continent	The Högbom Outcrops (80°15′S 24°52′W) are rocks rising to about 1,000 metres (3,300 ft) at the eastern side of the terminus of Schimper Glacier in the Herbert Mountains of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Högbom Outcrops	Antarctica
continent	Holtet Nunatak (74°50′S 73°56′W) is a nunatak rising to about 1,300 metres (4,300 ft), 2 nautical miles (4 km) northeast of Grossenbacher Nunatak in the Lyon Nunataks of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Holtet Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Anderson Scarp (77°33′S 161°21′E) is an upward slope and cliff 935 metres (3,070 ft) high, about 0.8 nautical miles (1.5 km) west of Hall Bluff on the Dais, Wright Valley, in the McMurdo Dry Valleys of Antarctica.	Anderson Scarp	Antarctica
continent	Machin Nunatak is a small domed nunatak lying 7 nautical miles (13 km) east of Mount Cresswell in the southern Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Machin Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Langfloget Cliff (72°6′S 4°24′E) is a rock cliff 6 nautical miles (11 km) long at the west side of Flogeken Glacier, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Langfloget Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Jøkulgavlen Ridge (72°42′S 3°21′W) is a prominent flat-topped ridge forming the south part of Jokulskarvet Ridge, in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Jøkulgavlen Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Operose Peak (80°6′S 156°14′E) is a peak above Onnum Valley to the southwest of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range of Antarctica.	Operose Peak	Antarctica
continent	Burdick Peak is the summit of Burdick Ridge rising to 773 m southwest of Mount Bowles on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Burdick Peak	Antarctica
continent	Centropleura Spur (71°17′S 163°11′E) is the southwest spur of a small massif enclosing a cirque, located at the head of Carryer Glacier, 3 nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Mount Jamroga, in the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range lying within Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Centropleura Spur	Antarctica
continent	Lawrence Peaks (72°50′S 166°20′E) is a mountain complex of high peaks separating the Seafarer Glacier from the head of the Mariner Glacier in Antarctica.	Lawrence Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Mount Supernal is a large double summit mountain (3,655 m) surmounting the southeast corner of Hercules Neve and the heads of the Gair and Meander Glaciers, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Supernal	Antarctica
continent	Fletcher Ice Rise (78°20′S 81°0′W), or Fletcher Promontory, is a large ice rise, 100 miles (160 km) long and 40 miles (64 km) wide, at the southwest side of the Ronne Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Fletcher Ice Rise	Antarctica
continent	Arda Peak (Vrah Arda \'vr&h 'ar-da\) is located in the east of Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Arda Peak	Antarctica
continent	Suriname (/ˈsʊrᵻnæm/, /ˈsʊrᵻnɑːm/ or /ˈsʊrᵻnəm/, also spelled Surinam), officially known as the Republic of Suriname (Dutch: Republiek Suriname, Dutch pronunciation: (ˌreːpyˈblik ˌsyːriˈnaːmə)), is a sovereign state on the northeastern Atlantic coast of South America.	Suriname	South America
continent	Lamboley Peak (75°4′S 64°19′W) is a prominent peak in the northwest part of Prehn Peninsula, Orville Coast, Antarctica.	Lamboley Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mello Nunatak (72°21′S 165°3′E) is an isolated nunatak standing 7 nautical miles (13 km) east of Mount Staley in the Freyberg Mountains of Antarctica, in the northeastern part of Evans Névé.	Mello Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Fiebelman Nunatak (74°57′S 72°37′W) is one of the Grossman Nunataks of Antarctica, lying 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) east-northeast of Cheeks Nunatak.	Fiebelman Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	East Ongul Island is an island off of Antarctica, 2 kilometres (1 nmi) long, lying immediately east of the northern part of Ongul Island at the east side of the entrance of Lutzow-Holm Bay.	East Ongul Island	Antarctica
continent	Altar Mountain (77°54′S 160°51′E) is a prominent mountain over 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) high, standing at the south end of Arena Valley in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Altar Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Jacoby Glacier (75°48′S 132°6′W) is a steep glacier draining the eastern slopes of the Ames Range between Mount Boennighausen and Mount Andrus, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Jacoby Glacier	Antarctica
continent	McCarthy Ridge (74°37′S 163°3′E) is a broad, mainly ice-covered ridge with steep sides forming the east wall of Carnein Glacier, in the foothills of southeastern Eisenhower Range, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	McCarthy Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Medhalsen Saddle (72°9′S 3°10′E) is an ice saddle just south of Risemedet Mountain in the Gjelsvik Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Medhalsen Saddle	Antarctica
continent	The Mason Peaks (72°46′S 74°44′E) are a prominent serrated ridge with several peaks, standing 8 nautical miles (15 km) northwest of Mount Harding in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica.	Mason Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Roman Knoll (Bulgarian: Романска могила, ``Romanska Mogila'' \'ro-man-ska mo-'gi-la\) is the ice-covered hill rising to over 800 m between Mount Canicula and Erul Heights, on the southeast side of Verdikal Gap on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Roman Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Northcliffe Glacier (66°40′S 98°52′E) is a glacier descending to the coast immediately east of Davis Peninsula, in Antarctica.	Northcliffe Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gibbney Island is a small island on the west side of Holme Bay, off Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Gibbney Island	Antarctica
continent	Gardner Nunatak (74°26′S 72°46′W) is a nunatak rising to about 1,670 metres (5,480 ft), 5.5 nautical miles (10 km) west-southwest of Tollefson Nunatak in the Yee Nunataks of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Gardner Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Isingen Mountain (72°23′S 1°4′E) is a large icecapped mass, through which protrude several rock peaks, between Ising Glacier and Rogstad Glacier in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Isingen Mountain	Antarctica
continent	The Nile (Arabic: النيل‎, Eg. en-Nīl, Std. an-Nīl; Coptic: ⲫⲓⲁⲣⲱ, P(h)iaro; Ancient Egyptian: Ḥ'pī and Iteru) is a major north-flowing river in northeastern Africa, generally regarded as the longest river in the world.	Nile	Africa
continent	The Inspiration Rocks (73°26′S 94°5′W) are a group of rock outcrops at the northern edge of the Cache Heights, in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica.	Inspiration Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Everett Range is a rugged, mainly ice-covered mountain range nearly 60 miles (97 km) long between Greenwell Glacier and Ebbe Glacier in northwest Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Everett Range	Antarctica
continent	Pritchard Peak is a peak in Antarctica rising to over 1800m, 3 nautical miles (6 km) southeast of Saburro Peak in the Doll Mountains, Britannia Range.	Pritchard Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Hurricane Heights (76°44′S 160°40′E) are the irregular, mainly ice-free heights which rise to about 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) at the south side of the head of Towle Valley, in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hurricane Heights	Antarctica
continent	Cape Conway is the rounded low and ice-free tipped cape forming the south extremity of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cape Conway	Antarctica
continent	The earliest evidence of human occupation of the Channel Islands has been dated to 250,000 years ago when they were attached to the landmass of continental Europe.	Channel Islands	Europe
continent	Saturn Glacier (72°0′S 68°35′W) is a glacier lying in southeast Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Saturn Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Lower Erebus Hut (LEH) is a permanent field facility located on Mount Erebus in Ross Island, Antarctica.	Lower Erebus Hut	Antarctica
continent	The Bekker Nunataks (64°42′S 60°50′W) are a group of three nunataks lying below Ruth Ridge on the north side of Drygalski Glacier and the southwest side of Enravota Glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Bekker Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Hays Glacier (67°40′S 46°18′E) is a glacier flowing north into the head of Spooner Bay, Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Hays Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Austin Peak (71°37′S 165°29′E) is a peak in the east-central portion of the Mirabito Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Austin Peak	Antarctica
continent	Suess Glacier (77°38′S 162°40′E) is a glacier between Canada Glacier and Lacroix Glacier, flowing south into Taylor Valley in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Suess Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Chipev Nunatak (Bulgarian: Чипев нунатак, ``Chipev Nunatak'' \'chi-pev 'nu-na-tak\) is the narrow, rocky hill extending 2.9 km in north-south direction and rising to 800 m on the east side of Edgeworth Glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Chipev Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Koether Inlet is an ice-filled inlet about 18 nautical miles (33 km) long, indenting the north coast of Thurston Island, Antarctica, between Edwards Peninsula and Evans Peninsula.	Koether Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Fierle Peak is a sharp peak in Antarctica, 1,960 metres (6,430 ft) high, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) east-southeast of Dyrdal Peak at the southern extremity of Saratoga Table in the Forrestal Range, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Fierle Peak	Antarctica
continent	All-Blacks Nunataks (81°29′S 155°45′E) is a group of conspicuous nunataks lying midway between Wallabies Nunataks and Wilhoite Nunataks at the southeast margin of the Byrd Névé in Antarctica.	All-Blacks Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Pautalia Glacier (Lednik Pautaliya \'led-nik pa-u-'ta-li-ya\) is a small glacier on Burgas Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica situated northeast of Strandzha Glacier and south of Sopot Ice Piedmont.	Pautalia Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Goodall Ridge (71°2′S 66°50′E) is a partly snow-covered rock ridge about 6 nautical miles (11 km) west-southwest of Taylor Platform in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Goodall Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Lobodon Island is an island lying 6 kilometres (3.5 nmi) east of Wauters Point, Two Hummock Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Lobodon Island	Antarctica
continent	Mefford Knoll (76°1′S 136°16′W) is a rocky knoll or ledge on the lower west slopes of the Mount Berlin massif, in the Flood Range of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mefford Knoll	Antarctica
continent	The Dominion Range (85°20′S 166°30′E) is a broad mountain range, about 48 km (30 mi) long, forming a prominent salient at the juncture of the Beardmore and Mill glaciers in Antarctica.	Dominion Range	Antarctica
continent	Gatlin Glacier (85°10′S 173°30′W) is a tributary glacier 7 nautical miles (13 km) long, flowing northwest between the Cumulus Hills and Red Raider Rampart to enter the south side of McGregor Glacier, Antarctica.	Gatlin Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hamna Icefall (69°17′S 39°43′E) is an icefall which descends to the south end of Hamna Bay immediately east of Hamnenabben Head, on the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Hamna Icefall	Antarctica
continent	Berg Bay (71°27′S 169°27′E) is a small bay between Birthday Point and Islands Point in the west side of Robertson Bay, northern Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Berg Bay	Antarctica
country of origin	Nuansa Pagi (lit. Morning Nuance) is the first morning newscast ever produced by a private television station in Indonesia.	Nuansa Pagi	Indonesia
country of origin	Aces Go Places, (Chinese: 最佳拍檔), also known in the United States as Diamondfinger or Mad Mission, is a 1982 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Eric Tsang, and starring Samuel Hui and Karl Maka.	Aces Go Places	Hong Kong
country of origin	In 2006, a Pasapalabra jackpot of €2,190,000 became the largest prize ever awarded on a game show in Spain, and the third largest prize ever awarded on a game show in Europe.	Pasapalabra	Spain
country of origin	Dredd was released on 7 September 2012 in the United Kingdom and on 21 September 2012 worldwide.	Dredd	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Santoku bōchō (Japanese: 三徳包丁; ``three virtues'' or ``three uses'') or Bunka bōchō (文化包丁) is a general-purpose kitchen knife originating in Japan.	Santoku	Japan
country of origin	Opor is a type of dish cooked and braised in coconut milk from Indonesia, especially from Central Java.	Opor	Indonesia
country of origin	Healing Hands (妙手仁心) is a 1998 Hong Kong medical drama series that ran on TVB Jade.	Healing Hands	Hong Kong
country of origin	Year of the Carnivore is Sook-Yin Lee's feature directorial debut and it premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival as a Canada First selection.	Year of the Carnivore	Canada
country of origin	Dia Psalma was a self-described punk/folk rock/metal fusion band, from Strängnäs, Sweden.	Dia Psalma	Sweden
country of origin	Nobody Waved Good-bye is a 1964 black-and-white National Film Board of Canada production directed by Don Owen, starring Peter Kastner, Julie Biggs and Claude Rae.	Nobody Waved Good-bye	Canada
country of origin	Khuda Gawah had lavish production values and was extensively shot in India, Afghanistan, Nepal and Bhutan.	Khuda Gawah	India
country of origin	The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir is a Disney Channel India sitcom, which premiered on April 8, 2012.	The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir	India
country of origin	Rocky Hollow was a 1983 stop motion animation children's television series made in Wales.	Rocky Hollow	Wales
country of origin	Patatas bravas (Spanish: (paˈtataz ˈβɾaβas)), also called patatas a la brava or papas bravas, is a dish native to Spain, often served as a tapa in bars.	Patatas bravas	Spain
country of origin	Healthy, Wealthy and Wise was a pioneering lifestyle television program shown in Australia.	Healthy, Wealthy and Wise	Australia
country of origin	The Heirloom is a 2005 Taiwan ghost movie.	The Heirloom	Taiwan
country of origin	Renovation Rescue is an Australian TV show capitalising on Australia's love affair with home renovation.	Renovation Rescue	Australia
country of origin	Pielago bid farewell as the anchor of Balitaan in April 2014 due to her commitments as one of the candidates of Miss Philippines Earth 2014 but returned as one of the reporters of the newscast.	Balitaan	Philippines
country of origin	Doomed to Oblivion is a 2002 costume drama produced by Hong Kong's TVB, it takes its Chinese name, Zheng Banqiao (Chinese: 鄭板橋), from the name of the protagonist of the series.	Doomed to Oblivion	Hong Kong
country of origin	First broadcast in Pakistan by ARY Digital, Thakan features actors Saba Qamar, Saba Hameed, Tauqeer Nasir, Saboor Ali, Farooq Zameer, Anusheh Asad, Farah Tufail, Yumna Zaidi and Jabran Shahid.	Thakan	Pakistan
country of origin	The Secret of the Lost Kingdom (Italian: Winx Club - Il segreto del regno perduto), was released theatrically in Italy on 30 November 2007.	Winx Club	Italy
country of origin	Akademi Fantasia (commonly abbreviated as AF) is Malaysia's first reality television show in which a number of contestants called students compete for the winning title and a chance to start their career in the entertainment industry.	Akademi Fantasia	Malaysia
country of origin	Silent Sonata is the first official Slovene-Irish-Swedish-Finnish co-production and was shot in 35 days in Slovenia and Ireland.	Silent Sonata	Slovenia
country of origin	Wheel Squad is a French animated television series produced by France Animation, Praxinos e RAI Fiction.	Wheel Squad	France
country of origin	Almost Love was released in South Korea on March 23, 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 539,307 admissions.	Almost Love	South Korea
country of origin	The Times of India gave 4 stars out of 5 and wrote, ``With its apt casting and superb performances and direction, Yuddham Sei carries all the weapons needed for it to win its battle at the box-office''.	Yuddham Sei	India
country of origin	Phool Aur Kaante was a Super Hit at the box office in India, and was noted for its soundtrack.	Phool Aur Kaante	India
country of origin	The Sarawak layer cake is a layered cake, traditionally served in Sarawak, Malaysia on special occasions.	Sarawak layer cake	Malaysia
country of origin	Its original title in Italy was Force of Vengeance, and in France it was released as Blastfighter:	Blastfighter	Italy
country of origin	One India website said ``Sidlingu has an engaging story and good humour.	Sidlingu	India
country of origin	Anna Pichrtová (born May 19, 1973 in Trenčín, Czechoslovakia) is a professional long distance runner.	Anna Pichrtová	Czechoslovakia
country of origin	Melona is generally sold in convenience stores in South Korea.	Melona	South Korea
country of origin	Although Bulgakov was not repressed, from 1925 he was questioned by the GPU several times and was never allowed to leave the Soviet Union, possibly as a result of his negative image which was at least partly due to the publication of The Fatal Eggs.	The Fatal Eggs	Soviet Union
country of origin	Los 80 was a Chilean drama TV series for Canal 13 produced to celebrate the Bicentennial of Chile, starring Daniel Muñoz, Tamara Acosta, Daniel Alcaíno, Loreto Aravena, Tomás Verdejo and Lucas Escobar.	Los 80	Chile
country of origin	Pintada (lit. Painted Woman) is a Philippine daytime television drama that is aired locally via the Philippines' biggest media conglomerate, ABS-CBN and worldwide via The Filipino Channel replacing PHR series entitled Hiyas on its Kapamilya Gold timeslot.	Pintada	Philippines
country of origin	Jollitown is a children's television program from the Philippines produced by Jollibee, airing every Sunday mornings.	Jollitown	Philippines
country of origin	The song ``When Spirits Are Calling My Name'' (original Swedish title ``När vindarna viskar mitt namn'', literally translated as ``When the Winds Whisper My Name'') was performed by Roger Pontare in the 2000 Eurovision Song Contest, in which Pontare represented Sweden.	When Spirits Are Calling My Name	Sweden
country of origin	'The Ultimate W Expert Challenge is a three-part Canadian reality series produced by General Purpose Pictures that aired on W Network in Canada in summer 2009.	The Ultimate W Expert Challenge	Canada
country of origin	In Argentina, Solamente vos, has an 15.8 audience rating average.	Solamente vos	Argentina
country of origin	Romstal is the biggest sanitaryware distributor in Romania and one of the largest in Europe with 200 stores in Romania, Moldova, Ukraine, Italy, Bulgaria, Russia and Serbia.	Romstal	Romania
country of origin	Karaoke Television, usually called KTV for short, was a live-action music competition airing on Great Belize Television (Channel 5).	Karaoke Television	Belize
country of origin	In 1896, a dispute between Fürst and a subsidiary of the Swiss food producer, Nestlé, which wanted to market ``Original Austria Mozartkugeln'', was decided in the third instance.	Mozartkugel	Austria
country of origin	The short films of the video installation Blood of a Poet were assembled into a single feature film entitled Glass Lips, premiering in that form in February 2007 in Vancouver., In Poland the film in its feature-length format is known as Szklane usta and premieres on 2007-03-23.	Glass Lips	Poland
country of origin	All for the Winner (Chinese: 賭聖 Literal translation: Saint of Gambling) is a 1990 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau and Corey Yuen.	All for the Winner	Hong Kong
country of origin	My Monster Secret, known in Japan as Actually, I am... (実は私は Jitsu wa Watashi wa), is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiji Masuda.	My Monster Secret	Japan
country of origin	The work, based on Victorien Sardou's 1887 French-language dramatic play, La Tosca, is a melodramatic piece set in Rome in June 1800, with the Kingdom of Naples's control of Rome threatened by Napoleon's invasion of Italy.	Tosca	Italy
country of origin	Larry the Lawnmower is an Australian pre-schoolers program that airs on Seven Network in Australia, created by Tim Faircloth and is produced by SLR Productions The series follows Larry the Lawnmower and his four friends Wheelie the Wheelbarrow, Rosie the Rake, Tangles the Hose and Flash the Spade and their adventures in the backyard.	Larry the Lawnmower	Australia
country of origin	The Morning Show with Sybil & Martin was a morning magazine show that aired on TV3 Ireland.	The Morning Show with Sybil & Martin	Ireland
country of origin	Enough Rope with Andrew Denton (often shortened to Enough Rope) is a television interview show originally broadcast on ABC1 in Australia.	Enough Rope	Australia
country of origin	Hullo Marmaduke is a 1924 Australian film comedy drama from director Beaumont Smith about a naive Englishman (Claude Dampier) who comes to Australia as a remittance man.	Hullo Marmaduke	Australia
country of origin	Art Museum by the Zoo was released in South Korea on December 19, 1998, drawing a then-impressive 412,472 viewers in Seoul alone, making it the fifth best-selling Korean film of 1998.	Art Museum by the Zoo	South Korea
country of origin	Divas in Distress is a 2012 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB.	Divas in Distress	Hong Kong
country of origin	Znamya-Udmurtiya (Russian: ``Знамя-Удмуртия'' Воткинск) is a bandy club in Votkinsk, Russia.	Znamya-Udmurtiya	Russia
country of origin	Poh Ling Yeow (Chinese: 杨宝玲; pinyin: Yáng Bǎolíng)(born 1973) is a Malaysian-born Australian artist, actress and runner-up in MasterChef Australia (series 1).	Poh Ling Yeow	Australia
country of origin	Children of Troubled Times, also known as Fēngyǔn Érnǚ, Children of the Storm, and several other translations, is a patriotic 1935 Chinese film most famous as the origin of ``The March of the Volunteers'', the national anthem of the People's Republic of China.	Children of Troubled Times	People's Republic of China
country of origin	The Krispie is a toasted coconut biscuit made by Griffin's Foods of New Zealand.	Krispie	New Zealand
country of origin	Indies Records is a record label based in Brno, Czech Republic.	Indies Records	Czech Republic
country of origin	Anarsa is a pastry-like snack commonly associated with the Hindu festival of Diwali in Maharashtra and Central India.	Anarsa	India
country of origin	Banania is a popular chocolate drink found most widely distributed in France.	Banania	France
country of origin	Eternal Happiness (Traditional Chinese: 再生緣; literally Reincarnated Fate) is a 2002 TVB television drama from Hong Kong based on a short story of the same name by Qing dynasty novelist Chen Duansheng.	Eternal Happiness	Hong Kong
country of origin	Biùtiful cauntri is a 2007 Italian documentary film about illegal toxic waste dumping in Southern Italy.	Biùtiful cauntri	Italy
country of origin	Poor Little Rich Girls is a United Kingdom reality television program that allowed women from very different professions and classes to switch places to see how the other half lives.	Poor Little Rich Girls	United Kingdom
country of origin	Bagel toast (Hebrew: בייגל טוסט‎) is a sandwich commonly eaten in Israel.	Bagel toast	Israel
country of origin	Welf pudding or Guelph pudding (German: Welfenspeise) is a two-layered pudding from Germany.	Welf pudding	Germany
country of origin	A Million Voices (AMV) is a non-profit charity organisation based in Arendal, Norway, but operating in Manila, Philippines.	A Million Voices	Norway
country of origin	However, by July 1999, Hayes had departed the band and was replaced by Jason Finn formerly of The Presidents of the United States of America, with the Nevada Bachelors supporting Fountains of Wayne the same year.	Nevada Bachelors	United States of America
country of origin	Crystal Head Vodka is a brand of vodka manufactured by Globefill Inc. in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Crystal Head Vodka	Canada
country of origin	Paprenjak are a traditional biscuit made in Croatia.	Paprenjak	Croatia
country of origin	Gazpacho is widely eaten in Spain and neighbouring Portugal (Portuguese: (ɡɐʃˈpaʃu), spelling gaspacho), particularly during the hot summers, as it is refreshing and cool.	Gazpacho	Spain
country of origin	À Hauteur d'homme is a 2003 Canadian political documentary directed in 2003 by Jean-Claude Labrecque about Bernard Landry and the 2003 general election in Quebec, Canada.	À Hauteur d'homme	Canada
country of origin	Global Conversations is a public affairs show produced by Nine Media Corporation which has been broadcast by CNN Philippines since 2015 which talks about some of the international issues from CNN programs like The Situation Room hosted by Wolf Blitzer, Anderson Cooper 360 hosted by Anderson Cooper, Amanpour hosted by Christiane Amanpour and many others.	Global Conversations	Philippines
country of origin	A Chinese Ghost Story II (倩女幽魂 II:人間道) is a 1990 Hong Kong romantic comedy-horror film directed by Ching Siu-tung and produced by Tsui Hark.	A Chinese Ghost Story II	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Art of Amália is a documentary by Bruno de Almeida on the artistic career of Amália Rodrigues (1920-1999), the celebrated Fado singer from Portugal.	The Art of Amália	Portugal
country of origin	Murtabak or martabak, also mutabbaq (Arabic: مطبق‎) (Thai: มะตะบะ), is a stuffed pancake or pan-fried bread which is commonly found in Saudi Arabia (especially the Tihamah and the Hejaz regions), Yemen, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei and Thailand.	Murtabak	Yemen
country of origin	De Dietrich Ferroviaire (DDF) is a French manufacturer of railway rolling stock based in Reichshoffen, France.	De Dietrich Ferroviaire	France
country of origin	Mesclun (French pronunciation: ​(mɛsˈklœ̃)) is a salad mix of assorted small, young salad green leaves, that originated in Provence, France.	Mesclun	France
country of origin	Pedigree Dogs Exposed is a BBC One investigative documentary, produced by Jemima Harrison, which looks into health and welfare issues facing pedigree dogs in the United Kingdom.	Pedigree Dogs Exposed	United Kingdom
country of origin	Radio with Pictures was an early music video program, airing on New Zealand broadcaster TV2 (later South Pacific Television) from 1976 to 1989.	Radio with Pictures	New Zealand
country of origin	The VPRO (originally an acronym for Vrijzinnig Protestantse Radio Omroep, or ``Liberal Protestant Radio Broadcasting Corporation'') was established in the Netherlands in 1926 as a religious broadcasting organization.	VPRO	Netherlands
country of origin	Chawanmushi (茶碗蒸し,Chawanmushi, literally ``tea cup steam'' or ``steamed in a tea bowl'') is an egg custard dish found in Japan.	Chawanmushi	Japan
country of origin	Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India rated it 2.5/5: ``Action Replayy needed a much smarter script to keep the laughter ringing''.	Action Replayy	India
country of origin	Esa Maldita Costilla (Spanish for: That Damned Rib) is a 1999 comedy film starring some of the most famous actresses of Argentina and Spain:	Esa Maldita Costilla	Argentina
country of origin	Mimikry is a Swedish punk rock band established by singer Hjalmar ``Hjalle'' Östman and drummer Jonas ``Heavy'' Stentäpp both coming from the Gagnef region west of Sweden.	Mimikry	Sweden
country of origin	The Voice Sverige (The Voice Sweden) was the Swedish version of the singing competition The Voice of Holland.	The Voice Sverige	Sweden
country of origin	Portokalli attracts over 1 million viewers in Albania, Kosovo, Republic of Macedonia and Diaspora.	Portokalli	Albania
country of origin	In the Cut grossed $1,666,830 at the box office in Australia.	In the Cut	Australia
country of origin	A Kitchener bun is a type of sweet pastry made and sold in South Australia.	Kitchener bun	Australia
country of origin	Troubled by the growing worldwide trend of pop singers being elected as politicians, the President of South Korea orders his Chief Secretary to invoke ``Emergency Act 19''.	Emergency Act 19	South Korea
country of origin	Bungeoppang was first introduced into Korea by the Japanese during the Colonial Korea in the 1930s.	Bungeoppang	Korea
country of origin	Ushering in a new era of independent filmmaking in South Korea, Daytime Drinking is a comedy in the spirit of Stranger Than Paradise and Sideways, but with a distinctly Korean twist.	Daytime Drinking	South Korea
country of origin	Valdiviano, as well as referring to inhabitants of Valdivia, Chile, is a Chilean dish, consisting of a soup made with charqui (jerky) and onions.	Valdiviano	Chile
country of origin	The Drentse Courant is a former regional newspaper from the Netherlands.	Drentse Courant	Netherlands
country of origin	Eon Kid is the English title of a South Korean-Spanish CGI animated television series Iron Kid (Korean: 아이언 키드) produced by Daewon Media and Design Storm in South Korea, and BRB Internacional in Spain.	Eon Kid	South Korea
country of origin	Since 2012, it's almost obligatory for western stars who are visiting Russia to promote movies, albums etc. to appear at ``Evening Urgant''.	Evening Urgant	Russia
country of origin	Vegetable sandwich is the most common type of sandwich in India.	Vegetable sandwich	India
country of origin	The Untold is a 2002 adventure horror film independently produced in Canada written and directed by Jonas Quastel.	The Untold	Canada
country of origin	Filmed in Tel Aviv, it was released in Israel and the United States as ``Dizengoff 99,'' and in West Germany as ``Three Under the Roof'' (German: Drei unter'm Dach).	Dizengoff 99	Israel
country of origin	Produced by the National Film Board of Canada, A Matter of Fat features narration by Lorne Greene.	A Matter of Fat	Canada
country of origin	The Barneveldse Krant is the only independent local newspaper of the Netherlands.	Barneveldse Krant	Netherlands
country of origin	The 14 Amazons is a 1972 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio and featuring a predominantly female cast.	The 14 Amazons	Hong Kong
country of origin	LOC Kargil is 2003 Indian war film based on the Kargil War fought between India and Pakistan, produced and directed by J. P. Dutta under his J.P. Films Banner.	LOC Kargil	India
country of origin	Angelika Zauber (née Kuhse; born 5 November 1958) is a German former middle-distance runner who competed for East Germany in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres.	Angelika Zauber	East Germany
country of origin	Rise and Fall of Idi Amin was a co-production of the United Kingdom, Kenya and Nigeria, with most of filming done in Kenya, less than a year after Amin's downfall.	Rise and Fall of Idi Amin	United Kingdom
country of origin	A Very Long Engagement was filmed entirely in France over an 18-month period, with about 30 French actors, approximately 500 French technicians and more than 2,000 French extras.	A Very Long Engagement	France
country of origin	Heart of Greed (Traditional Chinese: 溏心風暴) was a 2007 grand production drama by Hong Kong's TVB.	Heart of Greed	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Evil Touch is an Australian-produced television series, originally broadcast in Australia in 1973 and produced by Amalgamated Pictures Australasia in association with Olola Productions Australia.	The Evil Touch	Australia
country of origin	La Clase (English: The (Social) Class) is a 2007 Venezuelan film produced by Venezuela's state-owned Villa del Cine and directed by José Antonio Varela.	La Clase	Venezuela
country of origin	Piel de otoño (Autumn's Skin) is a Mexican telenovela that was produced by Televisa and broadcast on El Canal de las Estrellas in Mexico from 9 May 2005 through 23 September 2005 in Mexico, and from October 10, 2005, through February 17, 2005, in the United States.	Piel de otoño	Mexico
country of origin	Bánh bò is a sweet, chewy sponge cake from Vietnam.	Bánh bò	Vietnam
country of origin	The Last Trackers of the Outback is a 2007 documentary film about Aboriginal trackers in Australia.	The Last Trackers of the Outback	Australia
country of origin	Out in the Dark (Hebrew: עלטה‎) is an Israeli drama film which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2012 and in Israel in the Haifa International Film Festival in October 2012.	Out in the Dark	Israel
country of origin	The Young Master (Chinese: 師弟出馬) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the lead role.	The Young Master	Hong Kong
country of origin	Tilva Roš is a 2010 Serbian coming of age drama following a group of skaters from Bor, a small mining town in eastern part of Serbia, during their first summer after finishing high school.	Tilva Roš	Serbia
country of origin	Skooled is a Canadian children's educational television series produced by Toronto production company Breakthrough Films & Television and originally broadcast on TVOntario in Canada, and syndicated to other networks throughout the world.	Skooled	Canada
country of origin	Shaolin and Wu Tang is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by and starring Gordon Liu.	Shaolin and Wu Tang	Hong Kong
country of origin	Pedaling to Freedom is a documentary film set in Pudukkottai district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Pedaling to Freedom	India
country of origin	In this slacker bro-mantic comedy, writing partners Dulal and Mainak dream of shaking up the Bollywood film industry in India with their script Sulemani Keeda (Hindi street slang for ``Pain in the Ass'').	Sulemani Keeda	India
country of origin	Rage and Passion is a Hong Kong television series adapted from Louis Cha's novels The Legend of the Condor Heroes and The Return of the Condor Heroes.	Rage and Passion	Hong Kong
country of origin	Confrontation at Concordia is a documentary film by Martin Himel which documents the September 2002 protest at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada.	Confrontation at Concordia	Canada
country of origin	The Ilyushin Il-38 ``Dolphin'' (NATO reporting name: May) is a maritime patrol aircraft and anti-submarine warfare aircraft designed in the Soviet Union.	Ilyushin Il-38	Soviet Union
country of origin	One Nite in Mongkok (Chinese: 旺角黑夜) is a 2004 Hong Kong crime thriller film written and directed by Derek Yee and starring Daniel Wu, Cecilia Cheung and Alex Fong.	One Nite in Mongkok	Hong Kong
country of origin	Ravaillacz is a superquartet from Sweden, which participated at Melodifestivalen 2013 with the charting song ``En riktig jävla schlager''.	Ravaillacz	Sweden
country of origin	Leone, who had used his previous films to deconstruct the romanticization of the American Old West, decided to use Duck, You Sucker! to deconstruct the romanticized nature of revolution, and to shed light on the political instability of contemporary Italy.	Duck, You Sucker!	Italy
country of origin	Shabana Rehman Gaarder (Urdu: شبانه رحمان) (born 14 July 1976 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a Norwegian stand-up comedian, writer and columnist.	Shabana Rehman Gaarder	Pakistan
country of origin	Baghdad or Bust was a small budget documentary filmed in Canada, Turkey, Kurdistan, Iraq, Israel, Palestine, Jordan, and Washington, D.C. USA during the US-led 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Baghdad or Bust	Canada
country of origin	Agadam Bagdam Tigdam is a children's comedy series produced by and aired on Disney Channel India.	Agadam Bagdam Tigdam	India
country of origin	Capuns is a traditional food from the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, predominantly made in the western part of Grisons.	Capuns	Switzerland
country of origin	Rivella is a soft drink from Switzerland, created by Robert Barth in 1952, which is produced from milk whey, and therefore includes ingredients such as lactose, lactic acid and minerals.	Rivella	Switzerland
country of origin	Half a Loaf of Kung Fu (Chinese: 一招半式闖江湖) is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chen Chi-hwa and written by Jacky Chan, who also starred in the lead role.	Half a Loaf of Kung Fu	Hong Kong
country of origin	In the United Kingdom packaged Scotch eggs are available in supermarkets, corner shops and motorway service stations.	Scotch egg	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Tupolev Tu-160 Beliy Lebed (or White Swan, Russian: Туполев Ту-160, NATO reporting name: Blackjack) is a supersonic, variable-sweep wing heavy strategic bomber designed by the Tupolev Design Bureau in the Soviet Union.	Tupolev Tu-160	Soviet Union
country of origin	The Brood had cuts demanded for its theatrical release in the United States, Canada, and United Kingdom.	The Brood	Canada
country of origin	Kemplang is a traditional savory krupuk fish cracker snack commonly found in Southern parts of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Kemplang	Indonesia
country of origin	Barmy Aunt Boomerang was a children's comedy series which aired on BBC1 in the United Kingdom from 16 September 1999 to 14 December 2000.	Barmy Aunt Boomerang	United Kingdom
country of origin	Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance opened in South Korea on March 29, 2002 and had a worldwide box office gross of US$1,954,937.	Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance	South Korea
country of origin	Project SuperStar (Chinese: 绝对 SuperStar) is a singing talent search competition organised by MediaCorp and broadcast every Wednesday and Thursday at 8:00 pm on Channel U in Singapore.	Project SuperStar	Singapore
country of origin	Taurus KEPD 350 is a German/Swedish air-launched cruise missile, manufactured by Taurus Systems and used by Germany and Spain.	KEPD 350	Germany
country of origin	Tintin and the Golden Fleece (in the original French, Tintin et le Mystère de La Toison d'or, meaning Tintin and the Mystery of the Golden Fleece) is a film first released in France on 6 December 1961.	Tintin and the Golden Fleece	France
country of origin	Cdiscount is the e-commerce leader in France with a turnover of 1.6 billion euros in 2013.	Cdiscount	France
country of origin	Msoki (in Hebrew : מסוקי) is a Jewish dish from Algeria and Tunisia, often eaten during feasts.	Msoki	Algeria
country of origin	Neapolitan sauce, also called Napoli sauce or Napoletana sauce is the collective name given (outside Italy) to various basic tomato-based sauces derived from Italian cuisine, often served over or alongside pasta.	Neapolitan sauce	Italy
country of origin	Wedding SOS is a Canadian television series shown on the Slice Network in Canada, the Fine Living network in the US, Sky Livingit in the UK and The Style Network in Australia.	Wedding SOS	Canada
country of origin	Timbalada is an Afro-Brazilian musician group from Candeal, Salvador, Brazil.	Timbalada	Brazil
country of origin	Soy gitano (I Am Gypsy) is a Spanish language television drama from Argentina.	Soy gitano	Argentina
country of origin	Saint-Nectaire is a French cheese made in the Auvergne region of central France.	Saint-Nectaire	France
country of origin	Sold in over 50 international markets, LELO is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden with their manufacturing arm located in the People's Republic of China.	LELO	Sweden
country of origin	Return to Jupiter was an Australian television series, a 13-part follow-up to Escape from Jupiter, It aired in Australia from 23 March 1997 to 15 June 1997.	Return to Jupiter	Australia
country of origin	The Times Of India gave 3.5 out of 5, citing: ``...with Mayakkam Enna he (Dhanush) proves why he is one of the best actors around''.	Mayakkam Enna	India
country of origin	Overruled! is a Canadian children's television sitcom about high school kids with problems, which are taken to Teen Court, hosted by Judge Tara; the series aired on Family Channel in Canada and Disney Channel in the United Kingdom.	Overruled!	Canada
country of origin	According to Modi in a 1988 Films Division of India biographical film- Sohrab Modi by Yash Chaudhary, Atma Tarang was the biggest flop he ever made.	Atma Tarang	India
country of origin	Absolutely Charming (simplified Chinese: 糊里糊涂爱上它) is a Singaporean Chinese fantasy drama which will be telecast on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	Absolutely Charming	Singapore
country of origin	The Returning is a 1990 Australia-New Zealand film.	The Returning	Australia
country of origin	Tore på sporet is a long running talk show aired in Norway on NRK 1 in several seasons between 1996 and 2015.	Tore på sporet	Norway
country of origin	The setting of the show is the living room of the main actor (until 2008 Cordula Stratmann, in 2009 Jürgen Vogel - all the actors keep their real names) who lives on the fictional street ``Schillerstraße'' in Cologne, Germany.	Schillerstraße	Germany
country of origin	Today, Spiegel Online is the most frequently quoted online media product in Germany.	Spiegel Online	Germany
country of origin	The Irrefutable Truth about Demons is a New Zealand horror film released in 2000.	The Irrefutable Truth about Demons	New Zealand
country of origin	Dziennik Ustaw or Dziennik Ustaw Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej (English: Journal of Laws of the Republic of Poland, abbreviated Dz. U.) is the most important Polish publication of legal acts.	Dziennik Ustaw	Poland
country of origin	Churchill Show (then:Churchill Live) premiered on NTV (Kenya) in 2007 until late 2009.	Churchill Show	Kenya
country of origin	Lech Browary Wielkopolski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈlɛɣ brɔˌvarɨ vjɛlkɔˈpɔlskʲi); English: Lech Breweries of Greater Poland) is a big industrial brewery in Poznań, with a production capacity of 7.5 million hl.	Lech Browary Wielkopolski	Poland
country of origin	Other titles: 15 Moments (Canada: English title) Stardom (France) Stardom - Le culte de la célébrité (Canada: French title)	Stardom	Canada
country of origin	Cassata or Cassata siciliana is a traditional sweet from all areas of Sicily, Italy, born in Palermo.	Cassata	Italy
country of origin	Mukh O Mukhosh (Bengali: মুখ ও মুখোশ) (The Face and the Mask) (1956) was the first Bengali language feature film to be made in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh).	Mukh O Mukhosh	East Pakistan
country of origin	Lo que el tiempo nos dejó (Spanish: What time left us) is a 2010 Argentine TV miniseries of six telefilms about key events of the History of Argentina during the 20th century.	Lo que el tiempo nos dejó	Argentina
country of origin	Knieperkohl is considered a representative dish of the historical region of Prignitz, now part of Brandenburg in Germany.	Knieperkohl	Germany
country of origin	Primetime on ANC was an hour-long evening national newscast of ABS-CBN News Channel in the Philippines with veteran news anchor Tony Velasquez and former ABS-CBN North America Bureau correspondent Karmina Constantino at the helm as anchors.	Primetime on ANC	Philippines
country of origin	2:37 was filmed in Adelaide, Australia on location at St. Ignatius' College.	2:37	Australia
country of origin	The Gryazev-Shipunov GSh-23 (Russian: ГШ-23) is a twin-barreled 23 mm autocannon developed in the Soviet Union, primarily for military aircraft use.	Gryazev-Shipunov GSh-23	Soviet Union
country of origin	1992 National Film Awards (India) Best Feature Film in Tamil - Vanna Vanna Pookkal - Balu Mahendra	Vanna Vanna Pookkal	India
country of origin	East Coast Sessions is a music performance series where each episode features two artists from Atlantic Canada in an intimate concert setting.	East Coast Sessions	Canada
country of origin	Welcome to Paradox is a science fiction television series aired on the Sci Fi Channel in the U.S. and on Showcase in Canada.	Welcome to Paradox	Canada
country of origin	Under Great White Northern Lights is a 2009 film, directed by Emmett Malloy, that documents The White Stripes' summer 2007 tour across Canada.	Under Great White Northern Lights	Canada
country of origin	Lyutika (Bulgarian: лютика, pronounced (liuˈtika)) is a traditional vegetable mixture -- salad or chunky relish, popular in the northern part of Bulgaria.	Lyutika	Bulgaria
country of origin	Bol Bachchan was released on 6 July 2012 in 2575 screens in India.	Bol Bachchan	India
country of origin	The film has been produced by Vashu Bhagnani under his production banner Pooja Entertainment India Ltd. It was after a gap of fifteen years that Priyadarshan and Santosh Sivan have come together for this film; the last time before Rangrezz they had worked together in Kaalapani, starring Mohanlal in the lead role.	Rangrezz	India
country of origin	Kedok Ketawa ((kəˈdɔʔ kəˈtawa); Indonesian for The Laughing Mask, also known by the Dutch title Het Lachende Masker) is a 1940 action film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).	Kedok Ketawa	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	Palitaw (from litaw, the Tagalog word for ``float'' or ``rise'') is a small, flat, sweet rice cake eaten in the Philippines.	Palitaw	Philippines
country of origin	The Graham Norton Show is a British comedy chat show broadcast on BBC One in the United Kingdom.	The Graham Norton Show	United Kingdom
country of origin	Fermat's Room was originally released in Spain on November 16, 2007.	Fermat's Room	Spain
country of origin	Nothing Trivial is a New Zealand comedy-drama television series, produced by South Pacific Pictures.	Nothing Trivial	New Zealand
country of origin	Landang, comes from Buli or Buri Tree (Corypha), a type of palm found in the Philippines and other tropical countries.	Landang	Philippines
country of origin	The Charter of 1830 (French: Charte de 1830) instigated the July Monarchy in France.	Charter of 1830	France
country of origin	Pantua (Bengali: পান্তুয়া) is a local confection of eastern India and Bangladesh.	Pantua	India
country of origin	Before being brought to the screen, the screenplay of Dawn of the World won the Grand Prix for the Best Screenwriter(Grand Prix du Meilleur Scénariste) in France.	Dawn of the World	France
country of origin	Hardy Bucks is an Irish media series, filmed in mockumentary style and following the fictional exploits of a group of young Irishmen living in small-town Ireland.	Hardy Bucks	Ireland
country of origin	Saint Gudula was born in the pagus of Brabant (in present-day Belgium).	Gudula	Belgium
country of origin	Apart from Rugby specials, Pobol y Cwm is consistently the most watched programme of the week on S4C, and in 1994 was briefly shown across the whole of the United Kingdom on BBC2 with English subtitles.	Pobol y Cwm	United Kingdom
country of origin	Harry's Mad was a children's television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on CITV from 4 January 1993 to 11 March 1996.	Harry's Mad	United Kingdom
country of origin	Gamekings is a Dutch television program centered on videogames and is broadcast on Comedy Central in The Netherlands.	Gamekings	Netherlands
country of origin	Tsamarella (Greek: τσαμαρέλλα, Turkish: samarella) is a traditional food and one of Cyprus' main lunch meats which is common in both Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot communities.	Tsamarella	Cyprus
country of origin	Double Bonus is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	Double Bonus	Singapore
country of origin	The series is set in the fictional town of Fraochy Bay, notionally located somewhere off the west coast of Scotland, with no central theme other than an exploration of the slightly odd characters and surreal events that take place in and around the town.	Fraochy Bay	Scotland
country of origin	Le Cadeau, released in Italy as Il regalo, is a 1982 French and Italian film.	Le Cadeau	Italy
country of origin	Kids on Q is a one-hour news-magazine for kids on Q (television network) in the Philippines and the first locally produced children's show on Q which airs every Saturday at 10 a.m. Philippine time.	Kids on Q	Philippines
country of origin	Moviewatch was a film review television programme broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.	Moviewatch	United Kingdom
country of origin	``Nu tar vi dom'' (alternate spelling: Nu tar vi dem), also known as ``VM, nu är det hockeyfeber'', is a song used as a fight song for the Swedish national team during the 1989 IIHF World Ice Hockey Championship in Sweden.	Nu tar vi dom	Sweden
developer	Danny Sullivan's Indy Heat is a 1991 arcade racing game developed and published in the arcades by Leland Corporation.	Danny Sullivan's Indy Heat	Leland Corporation
developer	Massive Chalice is a turn-based strategy video game for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux and Xbox One by Double Fine Productions, which was funded through Kickstarter.	Massive Chalice	Double Fine Productions
developer	Faces of War (originally known as Outfront II, Russian: В тылу врага 2) is a real-time strategy and real-time tactics computer wargame developed by Ukrainian developer Best Way and published by Russian publisher 1C Company.	Faces of War	Best Way
developer	Quake II is a first-person shooter video game developed by id Software and published by Activision.	Quake II	id Software
developer	Spirit of Adventure is a computer role playing game developed by Attic Entertainment Software and published February 12, 1991.	Spirit of Adventure	Attic Entertainment Software
developer	Spelunky is an open source indie platform video game created by Derek Yu and released as freeware for Microsoft Windows.	Spelunky	Derek Yu
developer	The Universal Media Disc (UMD) is an optical disc medium developed by Sony for use on their PlayStation Portable handheld gaming and multimedia platform.	Universal Media Disc	Sony
developer	Realmz is a fantasy adventure and role-playing video game first developed and published by Fantasoft in 1994 for the Apple Macintosh as shareware.	Realmz	Fantasoft
developer	UC Browser is a mobile browser developed by Chinese mobile Internet company UCWeb.	UC Browser	UCWeb
developer	Kerio Connect is a commercial mail and groupware server developed by Kerio Technologies.	Kerio Connect	Kerio Technologies
developer	Boxing Fever is a boxing video game developed by Digital Fiction and published by Majesco for the Game Boy Advance.	Boxing Fever	Digital Fiction
developer	Necrodome is a 1996 first-person vehicular combat game developed by Raven Software and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. It supports online multiplayer matches.	Necrodome	Raven Software
developer	Carnivores Ice Age is a first-person shooter video game developed by Action Forms, and later ported to iOS and Android devices by Tatem Games.	Carnivores Ice Age	Action Forms
developer	NBC Sports Real Golf is a mobile game developed by Lucky Chicken Games, a division of the game's publisher, Abandon Mobile.	NBC Sports Real Golf	Lucky Chicken Games
developer	Daze Before Christmas is a video game developed by Norwegian video game development company Funcom and originally released by Sunsoft onto the Sega Mega Drive in 1994 exclusively in Australia.	Daze Before Christmas	Funcom
developer	Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is an action-adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and iOS through digital distribution.	Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light	Crystal Dynamics
developer	SiN is a first-person shooter video game based on a modified version of the Quake II engine developed by Ritual Entertainment and published by Activision in late 1998.	SiN	Ritual Entertainment
developer	S.T.U.N. Runner (Spread Tunnel Underground Network Runner) is a fast-paced, racing/shooter arcade game released by Atari Games in 1989.	S.T.U.N. Runner	Atari
developer	TowerMadness is a 3D tower defense strategy game for iOS and Android, developed by Limbic Software.	TowerMadness	Limbic Software
developer	Boingz is a WiiWare game developed by NinjaBee and published by RealNetworks that was released on November 24, 2008.	Boingz	NinjaBee
developer	MegaRace 2 is a racing/fighting game (vehicular combat) developed by Cryo Interactive in 1996, released on August 31 of that year for the PC.	MegaRace 2	Cryo Interactive
developer	F29 Retaliator is a combat flight simulator video game developed by Digital Image Design and published by Ocean Software in 1989 for the PC, for the Amiga and Atari ST in 1990, and the FM Towns and NEC PC-9801 in 1992-1993.	F29 Retaliator	Digital Image Design
developer	The CalDAV specification was first published in 2003 as an Internet Draft submitted to the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) by Lisa Dusseault.	CalDAV	Internet Engineering Task Force
developer	Tribes 2 is a first-person shooter multiplayer video game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra Studios in 2001 as sequel to Starsiege:	Tribes 2	Dynamix
developer	SimCopter is a 1996 flight simulator from Maxis.	SimCopter	Maxis
developer	Skate or Die! is a skateboarding game released by Electronic Arts in 1988 for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, Atari ST, Apple IIGS, Amstrad CPC, and IBM Compatibles running MS-DOS.	Skate or Die!	Electronic Arts
developer	Spelunx and the Caves of Mr. Seudo is an educational computer game intended for young children developed by Cyan (now Cyan Worlds) in 1991.	Spelunx	Cyan Worlds
developer	Shattered Steel is a mech simulation game released in 1996 by BioWare for MS-DOS, and later ported to Mac OS by now-defunct Logicware.	Shattered Steel	BioWare
developer	BioShock 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by 2K Marin and published by 2K Games, and a sequel to the 2007 video game BioShock.	BioShock 2	2K Marin
developer	Cursed Mountain is a survival horror-adventure video game for the Wii developed by Sproing Interactive Media, in collaboration with, and published by Deep Silver Vienna.	Cursed Mountain	Deep Silver
developer	Aero Fighters Assault, known in Japan as Sonic Wings Assault (ソニックウィングス アサルト), is an arcade style combat flight simulator developed by Paradigm Entertainment and published by Video System for the Nintendo 64 in 1997.	Aero Fighters Assault	Paradigm Entertainment
developer	Sampras Tennis 96 is a 1995 tennis video game developed by Codemasters.	Sampras Tennis 96	Codemasters
developer	Super Baseball Simulator 1.000 is a 1991 traditional baseball simulation video game by Culture Brain for the Super NES that is the sequel to the NES game Baseball Simulator 1.000.	Super Baseball Simulator 1.000	Culture Brain
developer	The LynxOS RTOS is a Unix-like real-time operating system from Lynx Software Technologies (formerly ``LynuxWorks'').	LynxOS	LynuxWorks
developer	Little Big Adventure is an action-adventure game developed by Adeline Software International and first released at the end of 1994.	Little Big Adventure	Adeline Software International
developer	Jumpgate Evolution, commonly abbreviated as JGE, was an unreleased massively multiplayer online game having been in development by NetDevil intended to be published by Codemasters.	Jumpgate Evolution	NetDevil
developer	Sango Fighter (武將爭霸) is a fighting game for DOS made by the Taiwanese Panda Entertainment and released in 1993.	Sango Fighter	Panda Entertainment
developer	SubRoc-3D (サブ・口ツク3D) is a first-person arcade game released in 1982 by Sega, and the first commercial game to provide a stereoscopic image to the player, using a display that delivers individual images to each eye.	SubRoc-3D	Sega
developer	Space Ark is a single/multi player arcade video game developed by independent software developer Strawdog Studios for the Microsoft Xbox Live Arcade and PC.	Space Ark	Strawdog Studios
developer	FireChat is a proprietary mobile app, developed by Open Garden, which uses wireless mesh networking to enable smartphones to connect via Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or Apple's Multipeer Connectivity Framework without an internet connection by connecting peer-to-peer.	FireChat	Open Garden
developer	Fine Artist was a raster graphics editor created by Microsoft Kids subsidiary in 1993.	Fine Artist	Microsoft
developer	Dr. Franken is a video game released for Game Boy and Super NES by Elite Systems.	Dr. Franken	Elite Systems
developer	The Lost Ring was an alternate reality game (ARG) initiated by McDonald's, as part of their marketing for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China.	The Lost Ring	McDonald
developer	Sailfish OS (also styled SailfishOS) is a mobile operating system combining the Linux kernel for a particular hardware platform use, the open source Mer core middleware, the proprietary UI contributed by Jolla, and other third party components.	Sailfish OS	Jolla
developer	My Aquarium (Blue Oasis in Japan) is a virtual pet video game by Hudson Soft for WiiWare and PlayStation Network.	My Aquarium	Hudson Soft
developer	Rapid Reload, known in Japan as Gunners Heaven (ガンナーズヘヴン), is a run and gun video game developed by Media.Vision and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation in both Japan and Europe in 1995.	Rapid Reload	Media.Vision
developer	Dunjonquest is a series of single-player, single-character fantasy computer role-playing games by Automated Simulations (later known as Epyx).	Dunjonquest	Epyx
developer	Shovel Knight is a 2D side-scrolling platform game, developed and published by independent video game developer Yacht Club Games.	Shovel Knight	Yacht Club Games
developer	NBA Jam 2002 is a sports Game Boy Advance game made by Acclaim Entertainment as licensed basketball simulation for the 2002-2003 NBA season.	NBA Jam 2002	Acclaim Entertainment
developer	Rock Revolution is a music video game developed by Zoë Mode and HB Studios and published by Konami.	Rock Revolution	Zoë Mode
developer	NASCAR 99 is a racing simulator video game developed and published by EA Sports and co-developed by Stormfront Studios.	NASCAR 99	EA Sports
developer	My Windows Phone (previously Windows Phone Live) is a free online companion service for Windows Phone mobile devices from Microsoft.	My Windows Phone	Microsoft
developer	RealSports Football is a 1982 football video game made by Atari for the Atari 2600, Atari 5200 and Atari 8-bit computer platforms.	RealSports Football	Atari
developer	Championship Surfer is an extreme sports video game developed by Krome Studios, published by Mattel, and released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation and Dreamcast in 2000.	Championship Surfer	Krome Studios
developer	Loadout is a free-to-play multiplayer third-person shooter developed by Edge of Reality, originally made for Microsoft Windows then ported to PlayStation 4, Loadout focuses on arcade-style multiplayer firefights across a variety of modes and uses an over-the-top cartoon gore and wealth of character customization options.	Loadout	Edge of Reality
developer	Nail'd is an off-road arcade racing game developed by Techland for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.	Nail'd	Techland
developer	RPM Racing (short for Radical Psycho Machine Racing) is a Super Nintendo Entertainment System racing game developed by Silicon & Synapse (now known as Blizzard Entertainment) under contract from Interplay Entertainment and published by Interplay.	RPM Racing	Blizzard Entertainment
developer	Super Turrican 2 is a 16-bit shooter game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, developed by Factor 5 and marketed by Ocean Software in 1995.	Super Turrican 2	Factor 5
developer	Best Bout Boxing is a boxing arcade game released by Jaleco in 1994, where boxers have to compete for the fictional ``1993 Worldfreeweight Championship'' (no weight limitation).	Best Bout Boxing	Jaleco
developer	Football Manager 2016 (abbreviated to FM16) is a football management simulation video game developed by Sports Interactive and published by Sega.	Football Manager 2016	Sports Interactive
developer	PixelJunk Eden is a video game developed by Q-Games for the PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows.	PixelJunk Eden	Q-Games
developer	Microsoft announced in November 2005 that it would co-sponsor standardization of the new version of their XML-based formats through Ecma International as ``Office Open XML''.	Office Open XML	Ecma International
developer	Earl Weaver Baseball is a baseball computer game (1987), designed by Don Daglow and Eddie Dombrower and published by Electronic Arts.	Earl Weaver Baseball	Don Daglow
developer	Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts, originally released in Japan as Chōmakaimura (超魔界村 Ultra Demon World Village), is a side-scrolling platform game produced by Capcom originally released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1991.	Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts	Capcom
developer	Solitaire Royale is a computer game published by Spectrum HoloByte in 1987 for the Apple IIGS, DOS, Macintosh and Amiga.	Solitaire Royale	Spectrum HoloByte
developer	Outwars is a military science fiction selectable perspective tactical shooter developed by SingleTrac and published by Microsoft in 1998.	Outwars	SingleTrac
developer	Too Human is an action role-playing game developed by Canadian developer Silicon Knights and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 in 2008.	Too Human	Silicon Knights
developer	Cold Fear is a 2005 survival horror third-person shooter video game developed by Darkworks and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows.	Cold Fear	Darkworks
developer	Fighting Bujutsu, known in Japan as Fighting Wu-Shu (FIGHTING武術 (ファイティングうーしゅ) lit. ``Martial Fighting'') is an August 1997 3D fighting arcade game developed and published by Konami.	Fighting Bujutsu	Konami
developer	Pit Pot is a video game developed and manufactured by Sega for the Master System.	Pit Pot	Sega
developer	California Games is a 1987 Epyx sports video game for many home computers and video game consoles.	California Games	Epyx
developer	3D World Atlas is a virtual globe program developed by the Cosmi Corporation.	3D World Atlas	Cosmi Corporation
developer	Battle Lode Runner is a video game based on the Lode Runner series of games, originally released for the NEC PC Engine by Hudson Soft in 1993.	Battle Lode Runner	Hudson Soft
developer	The Dig is a point-and-click adventure game developed by LucasArts and released in 1995 as a CD-ROM for PC and Macintosh computers.	The Dig	LucasArts
developer	The Chaos Engine 2 is a top-down shooter video game, and sequel to The Chaos Engine, released for the Amiga in 1996 and developed by The Bitmap Brothers.	The Chaos Engine 2	The Bitmap Brothers
developer	Worms Crazy Golf is a 2011 action game developed by Team17.	Worms Crazy Golf	Team17
developer	Take On Mars (TKOM) is a simulation video game for Windows that is being developed by Bohemia Interactive.	Take On Mars	Bohemia Interactive
developer	Smash Court Tennis 3 is a tennis video game for the PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360 by Namco Bandai Games.	Smash Court Tennis 3	Namco
developer	Palace of Magic is a computer game released in 1987 for the Acorn Electron and BBC Micro by Superior Software.	Palace of Magic	Superior Software
developer	Kickle Cubicle, known in Japan as Meikyūjima (迷宮島, lit. ``Labyrinth Island'' or ``Maze Island''), is a puzzle game developed by Irem for the arcades in 1988 and then ported to Nintendo Entertainment System in 1990.	Kickle Cubicle	Irem
developer	Formula One Arcade is a racing video game developed by Studio 33 and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation.	Formula One Arcade	Studio 33
developer	Gradius Advance is a horizontally scrolling shooter handheld video game developed by Mobile21 and published by Konami in 2001.	Gradius Advance	Mobile21
developer	Ping Pals is a chat/accessory program developed by WayForward Technologies and published by THQ for the Nintendo DS. It was released on December 8, 2004 in North America.	Ping Pals	WayForward Technologies
developer	Rescue at Rigel is a 1980 science fiction computer role-playing game written and published by Automated Simulations (later known as Epyx), and later branded as part of the Starquest series.	Rescue at Rigel	Epyx
developer	WorldsAway was an English version of Fujitsu and LucasArts' Habitat for the Commodore 64.	WorldsAway	Fujitsu
developer	Bit.Trip Core, marketed as BIT.TRIP CORE, is an arcade-style rhythm game developed by Gaijin Games and published by Aksys Games for the Wii's WiiWare download service.	Bit.Trip Core	Gaijin Games
developer	Vectorman is a series of run and gun platform games developed by BlueSky Software and published by Sega for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis.	Vectorman	BlueSky Software
developer	Super Glove Ball is a game made by Rare in 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System, specifically designed to be played with the Power Glove controller.	Super Glove Ball	Rare
developer	Object Desktop (OD; previously the Object Desktop Network or ODNT) is an online software subscription service created by Stardock for OS/2 and relaunched for Windows in 1997.	Object Desktop	Stardock
developer	This was primarily due to the increased usage of Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser software, and partly because the Netscape Corporation (later purchased by AOL) did not sustain Netscape Navigator's technical innovation after the late 1990s.	Netscape Navigator	AOL
developer	Creatures 2 is the second game in the Creatures artificial life game series made by Creature Labs, and the sequel to 1996 game Creatures.	Creatures 2	Creature Labs
developer	Sid Meier's Antietam! is a real-time tactics computer game designed by Sid Meier, the co-founder of Firaxis Games, then was released in December 1999 by Electronic Arts.	Sid Meier's Antietam!	Firaxis Games
developer	The success of Shadowgate prompted ICOM Simulations to have Kemco/Seika port the other MacVenture titles to the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Shadowgate	ICOM Simulations
developer	Cool Boarders 4 is a snowboarding video game developed by Idol Minds for the PlayStation.	Cool Boarders 4	Idol Minds
developer	PDC World Championship Darts 2009 is a sports video game, published by Oxygen and developed and designed by Rebellion Developments.	PDC World Championship Darts 2009	Rebellion Developments
developer	Alien Breed 3D is the fourth game in Team17's Alien Breed franchise, a series of science-fiction-themed shooters largely inspired by the Alien films.	Alien Breed 3D	Team17
developer	Disney's Aladdin in Nasira's Revenge is the Aladdin franchise platform game which was developed for the PlayStation and PC by Argonaut Games and distributed by Disney Interactive in 2001.	Disney's Aladdin in Nasira's Revenge	Argonaut Games
developer	Serif MoviePlus is video editing software created by Serif Europe that allows both professional and home users to edit digital video and digital images.	MoviePlus	Serif Europe
developer	Empire Earth Mobile was written in Java form, and was developed by Vivendi instead of Stainless Steel Studios (the makers of Empire Earth).	Empire Earth Mobile	Vivendi
developer	PlanetSide 2 is a free-to-play massively multiplayer online first-person shooter published by Daybreak Game Company and released on November 20, 2012.	PlanetSide 2	Daybreak Game Company
developer	Vexx is a 3D platforming video game developed by Acclaim Studios Austin and published by Acclaim Entertainment for the GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox.	Vexx	Acclaim Studios Austin
developer	Earth Defense Force 2025, known in Japan as Chikyû Boueigun 4 (地球防衛軍４, lit. ``Earth Defense Forces 4'') is a third-person shooter developed by Sandlot, and published by D3 Publisher, for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.	Earth Defense Force 2025	Sandlot
developer	Mortal Kombat is a video game franchise originally developed by Midway Games' Chicago studio in 1992.	Mortal Kombat	Midway Games
developer	TaskMaker is a role-playing video game for the Macintosh developed by Storm Impact.	TaskMaker	Storm Impact
developer	Lost Empire is a 4X turn-based strategy video game developed by Pollux Gamelabs and released in June 2007.	Lost Empire	Pollux Gamelabs
developer	Developed by Large Animal Games, Bumper Stars was released on April 24, 2007 on the social networking website Facebook.	Bumper Stars	Large Animal Games
developer	Guardians of the 'Hood is a side scrolling beat 'em up released by Atari released in 1992.	Guardians of the 'Hood	Atari
developer	Phone Story is a satirical mobile video game conceived by Yes Lab activist Michael Pineschi and designed by Paolo Pedercini for Molleindustria with the stated aim of demonstrating what the developers refer to as ``the dark side of your favorite smart phone.''	Phone Story	Molleindustria
developer	IRIS GL (Integrated Raster Imaging System Graphics Library) is a proprietary graphics API created by Silicon Graphics (SGI) in the early 1980s for producing 2D and 3D computer graphics on their IRIX-based IRIS graphical workstations.	IRIS GL	Silicon Graphics
developer	Haunting Ground, known in Japan as Demento (デメント), is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 in 2005.	Haunting Ground	Capcom
developer	Electronic Arts announced in a press release that NFL Head Coach 09 would be available in the Madden NFL 09 20th Anniversary Collector's Edition, claiming, ``If we shipped Head Coach alone, it would be a full-priced SKU.	NFL Head Coach 09	Electronic Arts
developer	Sogou, Inc. is a subsidiary of Sohu, Inc. founded on 9 August 2010.	Sogou	Sohu
developer	Fortnite is an upcoming survival video game, developed by People Can Fly and Epic Games, who will also publish the game.	Fortnite	Epic Games
developer	Dash of Destruction (also known as Doritos Dash of Destruction) is a racing advergame developed by independent software developer NinjaBee for the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service.	Dash of Destruction	NinjaBee
developer	Dr. Mario 64 is a Mario tile-matching action puzzle video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64.	Dr. Mario 64	Nintendo
developer	Donald in Maui Mallard, known as Maui Mallard in Cold Shadow in North America, is a platforming video game developed and published by Disney Interactive.	Donald in Maui Mallard	Disney Interactive
developer	Guardian's Crusade, known in Japan as Knight & Baby (ナイトアンドベイビー Naito ando Beibī), is a role-playing video game developed by Tamsoft and released for the PlayStation by Activision in 1999.	Guardian's Crusade	Tamsoft
dissolved or abolished	Fassa Bortolo (2000--2005) was a professional road bicycle racing team founded in 2000 and led by Giancarlo Ferretti.	Fassa Bortolo	2005
dissolved or abolished	Otechestvennye Zapiski (Отечественные записки, variously translated as ``Annals of the Fatherland'', ``Patriotic Notes'', ``Notes of the Fatherland'', etc) was a Russian literary magazine published in Saint Petersburg on a monthly basis between 1818 and 1884.	Otechestvennye Zapiski	1884
dissolved or abolished	Wetzlar became a Free Imperial City and kept this distinction until 1803.	Wetzlar	1803
dissolved or abolished	Additionally, Executive Outcomes was actively engaged in providing input into the formulation of the bill which became known as ``Regulation of Foreign Military Assistance Act'' in 1998.	Executive Outcomes	1998
dissolved or abolished	In 1758, the Province of Georgia was divided into eight parishes, and another four parishes were partitioned in 1765; in 1777, the original eight counties of the State of Georgia were created.	Province of Georgia	1777
dissolved or abolished	Waldburg-Wolfegg was a partition of Waldburg-Wolfegg-Zeil and was repartitioned in 1667, creating Waldburg-Waldsee, which annexed Waldburg-Wolfegg in 1798 and became the principality of Waldburg-Wolfegg and Waldsee.	Waldburg-Wolfegg	1798
dissolved or abolished	The term Champa refers to a collection of independent Cham polities that extended across the coast of what is today central and southern Vietnam from approximately the 7th century through 19th century (1832), before being absorbed and annexed by the Vietnamese state.	Champa	1832
dissolved or abolished	In 1824, on the death of Prince Heinrich LIV of Reuss-Lobenstein, Count Heinrich LXXII of Reuss-Ebersdorf succeeded him and took the title Prince of Reuss-Lobenstein-Ebersdorf.	Reuss-Ebersdorf	1824
dissolved or abolished	In 1809 Saxe-Weimar and Saxe-Eisenach, which had been united only in the person of the duke, were formally merged into the Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.	Saxe-Weimar	1809
dissolved or abolished	Bangor Punta Corp. (traded on the NYSE under the symbol BNK) was an American conglomerate and Fortune 500 Company in existence from 1964 to 1984.	Bangor Punta	1984
dissolved or abolished	In June 2005, NDO was sold again (for the fifth time) to the Namesco Group but didn't survive until its 10th anniversary as an Internet company.	NDO	June 2005
dissolved or abolished	Vestron Video was the main subsidiary of Vestron, Inc., a home video company based in Stamford, Connecticut that was active from 1981 to 1992.	Vestron Video	1992
dissolved or abolished	The Kunduz Trauma Centre was a hospital operated by Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) in Kunduz, Afghanistan from 29 August 2011 until 3 October 2015 when it was destroyed in an airstrike by a United States Air Force AC-130U gunship.	Kunduz Trauma Centre	3 October 2015
dissolved or abolished	Effective 29 September 2013, CNH Global N.V. and Fiat Industrial S.p.A. were merged into CNH Industrial N.V. CNH's scope included integrated engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of equipment on five continents.	CNH Global	2013
dissolved or abolished	Following a review by Christopher Haskins, Baron Haskins of Skidby of several Government organisations involved in rural policy and delivery, the Natural Environment and Rural Communities Act 2006 merged those parts of the Countryside Agency charged with environmental activity with English Nature and parts of the Rural Development Service to form Natural England.	Countryside Agency	2006
dissolved or abolished	The History of the T'ang asserts that shortly after 706 the country was split into Land Chenla and Water Chenla.	Chenla	706
dissolved or abolished	In 1989, Hasbro and Canada based SLM Action Sports Inc. purchased Coleco's assets.	Coleco	1989
dissolved or abolished	The last Abbot of Rot an der Rot Abbey was Nikolaus Betscher (1789--1803) whose compositions are reminiscent of the church music composed by his contemporaries Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.	Rot an der Rot Abbey	1803
dissolved or abolished	The Socialist Republic of Romania (Romanian: Republica Socialistă România, RSR) was a one-party socialist state that existed officially from 1947 to 1989.	Socialist Republic of Romania	1989
dissolved or abolished	The Samanid Empire (Persian: سامانیان‎‎, Sāmāniyān), also known as the Samanid dynasty, Samanid Emirate, or simply Samanids, was a Sunni Iranian empire, ruling from 819 to 999.	Samanid Empire	999
dissolved or abolished	In 1967, the Ministry of Aviation merged into the Ministry of Technology which took on the supply of military aircraft, while regulatory responsibilities were switched to the Board of Trade.	Ministry of Aviation	1967
dissolved or abolished	La'am (Hebrew: לע``ם‎, lit. For the Nation) was a political faction in Israel that formed part of Likud between 1976 and 1984.	La'am	1984
dissolved or abolished	The Alfgang was a short-lived Danish automobile, manufactured in Silkeborg by M. Alfgang from 1912 to 1914.	Alfgang	1914
dissolved or abolished	Der Fels (English: The Rock) was group of German Expressionist artists that existed from around 1920 to 1927.	Der Fels	1927
dissolved or abolished	Grapus was a collective of graphic artists, working together between 1970 and 1991, which sought to combine excellence of design with a social conscience.	Grapus	1991
dissolved or abolished	The German Student Union (German: Deutsche Studentenschaft, abbreviated DSt) from 1919 until 1945, was the merger of the general student committees of all German universities, including Danzig, Austria and the former German universities in Czechoslovakia.	German Student Union	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Diet of Finland (Finnish Suomen maapäivät, later valtiopäivät; Swedish Finlands Lantdagar), was the legislative assembly of the Grand Duchy of Finland from 1809 to 1906 and the recipient of the powers of the Swedish Riksdag of the Estates.	Diet of Finland	1906
dissolved or abolished	The Rhenish Republic (German: Rheinische Republik) was proclaimed at Aachen (Aix-la-Chapelle) in October 1923 during the occupation of the Ruhr by troops from France and Belgium (January 1923 -- 1925).	Rhenish Republic	1923
dissolved or abolished	A successor club which claims rights to Izola's honours and records was established in 1996 under the name MNK Izola.	NK Izola	1996
dissolved or abolished	The Orange River Sovereignty (1848--1854) was a short-lived political entity between the Orange and Vaal rivers in southern Africa.	Orange River Sovereignty	1854
dissolved or abolished	David Mirvish Gallery was a contemporary, commercial art gallery run by David Mirvish from 1963 to 1978, within the Markham Street art community on Mirvish Village in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	David Mirvish Gallery	1978
dissolved or abolished	After formation of Pakistan, the party was renamed to Muslim League (Pakistan) which came to an end soon after Muhammad Ali Jinnah's death on the first martial law in 1958.	Muslim League (Pakistan)	1958
dissolved or abolished	Parkindo (Indonesian: Partai Kristen Indonesia, Indonesian Christian Party) was a political party in Indonesia from 1950 to 1973.	Parkindo	1973
dissolved or abolished	The County of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn-Altenkirchen ended when it was mediatised to Nassau-Weilburg in 1803.	Sayn-Altenkirchen	1803
dissolved or abolished	In 1984 FABRAP merged with Atlanta engineering firm Rosser White Hobbs Davidson McClellan Kelly to form Rosser Fabrap International.	FABRAP	1984
dissolved or abolished	The Kruševo Republic was a short-lived political entity proclaimed in 1903 by rebels from the Secret Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (IMARO) in Kruševo during the Ilinden--	Kruševo Republic	1903
dissolved or abolished	As of early April 2014, discussions have been held with a UK-based consortium, CMMW, to take over Wiesmann and resume production.	Wiesmann	2014
dissolved or abolished	On January 24, 2007, developer MumboJumbo announced the acquisition of Ritual Entertainment.	Ritual Entertainment	2007
dissolved or abolished	In January 2009, PlanetOut Inc. announced plans to merge with Here Networks LLC and Regent Entertainment Media, Inc.;	PlanetOut Inc.	2009
dissolved or abolished	New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI) was an automobile manufacturing company in Fremont, California, jointly owned by General Motors and Toyota that opened in 1984 and closed in 2010.	NUMMI	2010
dissolved or abolished	Moskvityanin (Москвитянин, ``The Muscovite'') was a monthly literary review published by Mikhail Pogodin in Moscow between 1841 and 1856.	Moskvityanin	1856
dissolved or abolished	Da Chu (Chinese: 大楚; literally: ``Great Chu'') was a short-lived Chinese dynasty in 1127 ruled by Zhang Bangchang (張邦昌; 1081--1127), a puppet emperor enthroned with the support of the Jurchen Jin dynasty (1115--1234).	Da Chu	1127
dissolved or abolished	The Kanije Eyalet existed until the capture of Kanije by Habsburg Monarchy in 1690.	Kanije Eyalet	1690
dissolved or abolished	The Service de Documentation Extérieure et de Contre-Espionnage (English: External Documentation and Counter-Espionage Service, SDECE) was France's external intelligence agency from 6 November 1944 to 2 April 1982 when it was replaced by the Direction Générale de la Sécurité Extérieure (DGSE).	Service de Documentation Extérieure et de Contre-Espionnage	2 April 1982
dissolved or abolished	The Cleveland Tate Stars were a baseball team in the Negro National League in 1922.	Cleveland Tate Stars	1922
dissolved or abolished	The United Arab States (UAS) was a short-lived confederation of the United Arab Republic (Egypt and Syria) and North Yemen from 1958 to 1961.	United Arab States	1961
dissolved or abolished	The Białystok Department (German: Kammerdepartement Bialystok, Polish:Departament białostocki) was part of the New East Prussia Province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1795 to 1807.	Białystok Department	1807
dissolved or abolished	Tiger Aircraft LLC was an American aircraft manufacturer from 1999 to 2006 based in Martinsburg, West Virginia, United States.	Tiger Aircraft	2006
dissolved or abolished	Holstein-Rendsburg is the name of a county that existed from 1290 to 1459, ruled by a line of the Schauenburg family.	Holstein-Rendsburg	1459
dissolved or abolished	Western Power Corporation (WPC), owned by the Government of Western Australia, was Western Australia's major electricity supplier from 1995 through 2006.	Western Power Corporation	2006
dissolved or abolished	Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship (Polish: województwo tarnobrzeskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975-1998, superseded in parts by Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Swietokrzyskie Voivodeship and Lublin Voivodeship.	Tarnobrzeg Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	In 2013, Aerojet was merged by GenCorp with the former Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne to form Aerojet Rocketdyne.	Aerojet	2013
dissolved or abolished	British Guiana (also spelled Guyana) was the name of the British colony on the northern coast of South America, since 1966 known as the independent nation of Guyana.	British Guiana	1966
dissolved or abolished	Siemens Communications, was the communications and information business arm of German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG, before 2006.	Siemens Communications	2006
educated at	Born on 13 July 1909, Herbert Squire was educated at Bedford School and at Balliol College, Oxford, where he read Mathematics.	Herbert Squire	Balliol College
educated at	Charles Aleyn (died about 1640), a historical poet in the reign of Charles I, was of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge; became usher to the celebrated Thomas Farnaby, at his school, in Goldsmith's Rents, and afterwards tutor to Sir Edward Sherburne, himself a poet.	Charles Aleyn	Sidney Sussex College
educated at	The son of Russian-born Australian painter George Lambert, Constant Lambert was educated at Christ's Hospital and the Royal College of Music.	Constant Lambert	Christ's Hospital	Royal College of Music
educated at	After studying with Aaron Siskind, Joseph Jachna, Arthur Siegel, and Wynn Bullock at the IIT Institute of Design in 1965, Dan McCormack started graduate school in 1968 at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, where he began photographing the nude.	Dan McCormack	School of the Art Institute of Chicago
educated at	Leslie Robin Medforth-Mills (8 December 1942 -- 2 February 2002) was a professor of geography at the University of Durham and a former United Nations official.	Robin Medforth-Mills	University of Durham
educated at	After graduating with a degree in political science in De La Salle University, Benedict Campos decided he was going to be an actor.	Benedict Campos	De La Salle University
educated at	Tom Strickland was born in Texas but attended Louisiana State University where he took a degree in English literature, with honors, and played football.	Tom Strickland	Louisiana State University
educated at	Nigel Griffiths was educated at Hawick High School in the Scottish Borders before attending the University of Edinburgh where he was awarded an MA in 1977.	Nigel Griffiths	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Cheng Ch'ing-wen (Chinese: 鄭清文; born September 16, 1932), is a Taiwanese writer and a graduate of National Taiwan University.	Cheng Ch'ing-wen	National Taiwan University
educated at	Brigadier Charles Wilbraham Watson Ford (1896-1972) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War II. He was educated at Cheltenham College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.	Charles Wilbraham Watson Ford	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	Christoph Gerber is a titular professor at the Department of Physics, University of Basel, Switzerland.	Christoph Gerber	University of Basel
educated at	Alexander Rabinowitch (born 30 August 1934 in London) is Professor Emeritus of History, Indiana University, Bloomington, where he taught from 1968 until 1999, and Affiliated Research Scholar, St. Petersburg Institute of History, Russian Academy of Sciences since 2013.	Alexander Rabinowitch	Indiana University
educated at	Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr. was born in April 1950, in Yonkers, N.Y. He had Bachelor of Science in pharmacy, 1973, Ohio State University;	Robert R. Ruffolo, Jr	Ohio State University
educated at	Peter Bloom is the Grace Jarcho Ross 1933 Professor of Humanities at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts.	Peter Bloom	Smith College
educated at	Fred R. Gowans (born 1936) is an emeritus professor at Brigham Young University who specializes in the fur trade in the American West.	Fred R. Gowans	Brigham Young University
educated at	Otto von Friesen (born 11 May 1870 in Kulltorp, died 10 September 1942) was a linguist, runologist and professor of the Swedish language at Uppsala University from 1906-1935.	Otto von Friesen	Uppsala University
educated at	Born at Ecatepec de Morelos in Mexico State, Eruviel Ávila Villegas has a Law Bachelor's degree from the Universidad Tecnológica de México (UNITEC), and a Master's and Doctor's degree from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM).	Eruviel Ávila Villegas	Universidad Tecnológica de México	National Autonomous University of Mexico
educated at	Karl Mayreder studied from 1872 to 1877 at the Vienna University of Technology, where he was a student of Heinrich von Ferstel and later an assistant to Carl König.	Karl Mayreder	Vienna University of Technology
educated at	Kalonzo Musyoka graduated with a Bachelor of Law degree from the University of Nairobi in 1977.	Kalonzo Musyoka	University of Nairobi
educated at	Tom Kahn was a civil libertarian who ``ran for president of the Student Organization of Erasmus Hall High School in 1955 on a platform calling for the destruction of the student assembly, because it had no power'', an election he lost.	Tom Kahn	Erasmus Hall High School
educated at	John Gray McKendrick was born in Old Machar, Aberdeen in 1841 and went on the study at the University of Aberdeen and the University of Edinburgh before graduating in 1864 as a MB ChB.	John Gray McKendrick	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Born in the village of Engandiyur, in Thrissur district of Kerala, as the son of Chulliparambil Sankunni Nair and Puthur Janaki Amma, Unnikrishnan Puthur studied at the Chavakkad Board School and Government Victoria College, Palakkad.	Unnikrishnan Puthur	Government Victoria College
educated at	Henry M. Black (January 15, 1827-August 5, 1893) was a United States Army officer who served as Commandant of Cadets at the United States Military Academy.	Henry M. Black	United States Military Academy
educated at	Gordon Rice was born on 27 September 1933 in Los Angeles, California and educated at Los Angeles City College, University of California at Berkeley, U.C.L.A., and the University of Hawaii (MFA).	Gordon Rice	Los Angeles City College
educated at	Seven Mary Three formed in 1992 when Jason Ross and Jason Pollock met while attending The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia.	Seven Mary Three	College of William & Mary
educated at	Charles Kittel studied at the University of Cambridge, England, where he obtained his Bachelor of Arts (BA) in 1938.	Charles Kittel	University of Cambridge
educated at	Philip J. Hanlon (born 1955) is an American mathematician, computer scientist, and educator who serves as the 18th President of Dartmouth College, his tenure beginning on June 10, 2013.	Philip J. Hanlon	Dartmouth College
educated at	Kas Oosterhuis is professor at the Faculty of Architecture, Delft University of Technology, as well as director of Hyperbody and the Protospace Laboratory for Collaborative Design and Engineering.	Kas Oosterhuis	Delft University of Technology
educated at	Zane Buzby grew up in New York and graduated with honors from Hofstra University with degrees in Performance and Dramatic Literature.	Zane Buzby	Hofstra University
educated at	Kathryn Reiss was born in Massachusetts, grew up in Ohio, and received B.A. degrees in English and German from Duke University, and an M.F.A. in Creative Writing from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.	Kathryn Reiss	University of Michigan
educated at	John Finklea, a native of Florence, South Carolina, earned his B.S. from Davidson College at Davidson, N.C., and his M.D. from the Medical University of South Carolina.	John Finklea	Davidson College	University of South Carolina
educated at	Rafael Argullol Murgadas (Catalan pronunciation: (rəˈfɛɫ ərɣuˈʎɔɫ)) (Barcelona 1949) is a Catalan Spanish writer, philosopher, poet and professor of aesthetics at Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona.	Rafael Argullol	Pompeu Fabra University
educated at	Jiří Pernes helds lectures at the Masaryk University in Brno and at the Jan Evangelista Purkyně University in Ústí nad Labem.	Jiří Pernes	Masaryk University
educated at	Asle Toje was educated at universities in Oslo and Tromsø before going on to study international relations (Dr. Phil.) at Pembroke College, Cambridge where he graduated in 2006.	Asle Toje	Pembroke College
educated at	Bobst Boy is the nickname of Steven Stanzak (born January 25, 1984), a New York University student who spent eight months living in the basement of the school's Bobst Library from September 2003 to April 2004.	Bobst Boy	New York University
educated at	Judy Corbalis is a novelist and short-story writer from New Zealand She graduated from the University of East Anglia in 1991.	Judy Corbalis	University of East Anglia
educated at	Nicholas Budgen was educated at St Edward's School in Oxford and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.	Nicholas Budgen	Corpus Christi College
educated at	Duane Stephen Long, also known as D. Stephen Long, (PhD Duke University) is Professor of Systematic Theology at Marquette University who specializes in systematic theology, Christian ethics, and political theology.	D. Stephen Long	Duke University
educated at	Bruce Eisenstein is an engineering educator serving as the Arthur J. Rowland Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Vice Dean of the College of Engineering at Drexel University.	Bruce Eisenstein	Drexel University
educated at	Born on 21 December 1909 and educated at Bedford School, Raymond Hawkins joined the Royal Navy in 1927, serving aboard HMS Iron Duke in 1932 and aboard HMS Resolution in 1933.	Raymond Hawkins	Bedford School
educated at	William York Tindall (1903--1981) was an American James Joyce scholar with a long and distinguished teaching career at Columbia University.	William York Tindall	Columbia University
educated at	Educated at Hansraj College University of Delhi, and AJK, Mass Communication Research Centre Jamia Millia Islamia Prashant Pandey had a brief stint as a journalist for ANI-REUTERS and later as a creative head with Zee tv talent hunt SAREGAMAPA	Prashant Pandey	University of Delhi	Jamia Millia Islamia
educated at	Doug Naysmith was born in Musselburgh, Scotland, and attended the local Burgh School before attending the independent George Heriot's School in Edinburgh.	Doug Naysmith	George Heriot's School
educated at	Joshua Packwood, at the age of 22, became the first white valedictorian of Morehouse College, a historically black college, in 2008.	Joshua Packwood	Morehouse College
educated at	Laurence Spitters, who retired from Memorex in 1974, received an honorary degree from Santa Clara University and a Distinguished Alumni Award from Western Michigan University.	Laurence Spitters	Western Michigan University
educated at	Ekrem Buğra Ekinci was graduated from the Faculty of Law of Ankara University in 1987.	Ekrem Buğra Ekinci	Ankara University
educated at	Avni Spahiu graduated from University of Pristina in 1986, with a degree in Literature.	Avni Spahiu	University of Pristina
educated at	Henry T. Wright is the Albert Clanton Spaulding Distinguished University Professor of Anthropology in the Department of Anthropology, and Curator of Near Eastern Archaeology in the Museum of Anthropology at the University of Michigan.	Henry T. Wright	University of Michigan
educated at	Alden Jenks was born in Michigan and received a B.A. from Yale University and an M.A. from the University of California, Berkeley.	Alden Jenks	Yale University
educated at	Partha Sen was a Professor of Economics at Delhi School of Economics.	Partha Sen	Delhi School of Economics
educated at	Mahendra Mehta holds a BE degree in Mechanical Engineering from the MBM Engineering College, University of Jodhpur (now known as Jai Narain Vyas University), Jodhpur and an MBA from the IIM Ahmedabad, India.	Mahendra Mehta	MBM Engineering College
educated at	Buck Henry attended The Choate School (now Choate Rosemary Hall) and Dartmouth College, where he met Bob Rafelson, and also worked on the Dartmouth Jack-O-Lantern humor magazine.	Buck Henry	Choate Rosemary Hall	Dartmouth College
educated at	The son of poets George Barker and Elizabeth Smart, Sebastian Barker was educated at The King's School, Canterbury, Corpus Christi, Oxford (MA), and at the University of East Anglia (MA).	Sebastian Barker	University of East Anglia
educated at	Bengt Nordén graduated 1967 with a Master of Science degree in chemistry, theoretical physics and mathematics from Lund University and was awarded his Ph.D. in 1971 from Lund University where he became Associate Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1972.	Bengt Nordén	Lund University
educated at	Kyle Johansen holds a Bachelor of Arts in Elementary Education from Washington State University.	Kyle Johansen	Washington State University
educated at	Florence Kenyon Hayden Rector (1882-1973) is known as the first licensed female architect in the state of Ohio, entering Ohio State University in 1901.	Florence Kenyon Hayden Rector	Ohio State University
educated at	Alice Tepper Marlin earned her bachelor's degree in Economics in 1966 from Wellesley College, and studied at the NYU Graduate School of Business Administration.	Alice Tepper Marlin	Wellesley College
educated at	In college, Karylle took up B.S. Management major in Communications Technology Management at the Ateneo de Manila University, where she made to the Dean's list and graduated in year 2002.	Karylle	Ateneo de Manila University
educated at	Andrey Melnichenko finished the Boarding School of the Specialized Education and Research Centre under the auspices of the Lomonosov Moscow State University, formerly known as the Boarding School at Kolmogorov Physics-and-Mathematics School #18.	Andrey Melnichenko	Moscow State University
educated at	Deirdre Imus graduated from Villanova University and is Roman Catholic.	Deirdre Imus	Villanova University
educated at	The same First World War forces Alfred Renard to suspend his study at the Université libre de Bruxelles and the ``Faculté des sciences appliquées'', just at a time when aviation makes great progress.	Alfred Renard	Université libre de Bruxelles
educated at	Alan Bundy was educated as a Mathematician, obtaining an honours degree in Mathematics in 1968 from the University of Leicester and a PhD in Mathematical Logic in 1971, also from Leicester.	Alan Bundy	University of Leicester
educated at	After finishing the high school at TED Ankara College in 1983, Erdem Başçı was educated in electrical engineering at the Middle East Technical University (ODTÜ), and graduated 1987 with a bachelor's degree.	Erdem Başçı	Middle East Technical University
educated at	Sebastian Doniach received a B.A. from Christ's College, Cambridge in 1954 and a Ph.D. from the University of Liverpool with Herbert Fröhlich in 1958.	Sebastian Doniach	Christ's College	University of Liverpool
educated at	Ron Alting received his BS from Purdue University.	Ron Alting	Purdue University
educated at	Izydor Jabłoński (born February 7, 1865 in Kraków, died November 13, 1905 therein) was a Polish painter, professor at the Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków, friend and biographer of Jan Matejko.	Izydor Jabłoński	Jan Matejko Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Masha Ma received her M.A. in Women's Wear from Central Saint Martins in 2008.	Masha Ma	Central Saint Martins
educated at	Asa Mahan graduated from Hamilton College in 1824, and from Andover Theological Seminary in 1827.	Asa Mahan	Hamilton College
educated at	Sir Francis Richard Fraser (February 14, 1885 - October 2, 1964) was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, to Sir Thomas Richard Fraser, the Professor of Materia Medica at the University of Edinburgh and member of the Royal Society, and Susanna Margaret Duncan.	Francis Richard Fraser	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Lynn Shaler studied printmaking at the University of Michigan and subsequently received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the Pratt Institute.	Lynn Shaler	University of Michigan	Pratt Institute
educated at	Born at Ingleston near Twynholm in Kirkcudbrightshire and educated at George Watson's College and Edinburgh University, Carlyle Gifford trained with the firm of W.S. Cook and became a Writer to the Signet in 1905.	Carlyle Gifford	George Watson's College
educated at	Norman Adrian Wiggins (February 6, 1924 -- August 1, 2007) was the third president of Campbell University in Buies Creek, North Carolina.	Norman Adrian Wiggins	Campbell University
educated at	The son of Floyd Clement Aldrich and his wife Ann Hanley, Virgil Aldrich earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Ohio Wesleyan University in 1925.	Virgil Aldrich	Ohio Wesleyan University
educated at	William R. Hough is a prominent investment banker and is known for being the most generous benefactor of the University of Florida.	William R. Hough	University of Florida
educated at	Campbell Adamson was sent to Rugby School, and then went up to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge where he read economics under John Maynard Keynes.	Campbell Adamson	Rugby School	Corpus Christi College
educated at	Logan Feland was born in Hopkinsville, Kentucky on August 18, 1869, he received a B.A. in Architecture from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1892.	Logan Feland	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Andrew Hatch (born July 18, 1986) is a football player and baseball player who has played collegiately for both Harvard University and Louisiana State University.	Andrew Hatch	Harvard University
educated at	Thomas Gamble Pitcher (October 23, 1824 -- October 21, 1895) was a career American soldier who served as the Superintendent of the United States Military Academy from 1866 until 1870.	Thomas Gamble Pitcher	United States Military Academy
educated at	Dr. Lester Grinspoon (born June 24, 1928) is Associate Professor Emeritus of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School.	Lester Grinspoon	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Allan Boardman is Professorial Research Fellow at the University of Salford and holds a Doctor of Science degree from the University of Durham UK.	Allan Boardman	University of Durham
educated at	Luc Lafortune studied at Dawson College, and then McGill University, where he obtained a bachelor's degree in Arts.	Luc Lafortune	Dawson College
educated at	Chris de Souza is a Graduate in Music from Bristol University (1966) and a Graduate of the Directors'' Course of the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School.	Chris de Souza	Bristol Old Vic Theatre School
educated at	Reza Banakar is an Iranian-born Professor of Legal Sociology at Lund University, Sweden.	Reza Banakar	Lund University
educated at	Luigi Ambrosio (born 1963) is a professor at Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa, Italy.	Luigi Ambrosio	Scuola Normale Superiore
educated at	Tami Bond received a Bachelor of Science Degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Washington in 1993.	Tami Bond	University of Washington
educated at	Nadia Abu El Haj (born 1962) is an American academic with a Ph.D in Anthropology from Duke University.	Nadia Abu El Haj	Duke University
educated at	After earning his B.S. in Audiovisual Communications from Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona (2006), Lluís Galter has written and directed several short films, two of them during his stay at the Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (FAMU).	Lluís Galter	Pompeu Fabra University
educated at	Jeremy Wafer was born in Durban in 1953, to Laura and Michael Wafer, grew up in Nkwalini, Zululand, and studied at the University of Natal, Pietermaritzburg (B.A Fine Art 1979) and at the University of the Witwatersrand (B.A. Hons. in Art History 1980 and M.A. Fine Art 1987).	Jeremy Wafer	University of the Witwatersrand
educated at	Anthony Vincent Genovese was born on February 25, 1932 in Union City, New Jersey, he earned his Bachelor of Architecture from the University of Notre Dame in 1955 and earned his Master of Fine Arts in architecture from Princeton University in 1957.	Anthony Vincent Genovese	University of Notre Dame	Princeton University
educated at	Anthony Bebbington (born 1962) is a geographer, professor and Director of the Graduate School of Geography, Clark University, USA.	Anthony Bebbington	Clark University
educated at	Auguste Mercier entered the École Polytechnique at the age of 19 in 1852, and came 4th in a class of 106.	Auguste Mercier	École Polytechnique
educated at	Kenny G attended Whitworth Elementary School, Sharples Junior High School, Franklin High School, and the University of Washington, all in his home town of Seattle.	Kenny G	University of Washington
educated at	Paul J. Hoeper was educated at Princeton University, receiving a B.S.E. in Basic Engineering in 1968.	Paul J. Hoeper	Princeton University
educated at	Samuel Lodge was born at Barking, Essex, a son of the Rev. Oliver Lodge (1764-1845) (latterly rector of Elsworth, Cambridgeshire), and was educated at Huntingdon Grammar School and Lincoln College, Oxford.	Samuel Lodge	Lincoln College
educated at	In 1985, Timon Screech received a BA in Oriental Studies (Japanese) at the University of Oxford.	Timon Screech	University of Oxford
educated at	Martin Robertson, as he was always known, attended the Leys School and Trinity College, Cambridge.	Martin Robertson	Trinity College
educated at	Kidlat Tahimik studied at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, earning a Master in Business Administration, and worked as a researcher for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in Paris from 1968 to 1972.	Kidlat Tahimik	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Honora Josephine Yvonne Scannell is Professor of Environmental Law in Trinity College, Dublin Law School, Ireland.	Yvonne Scannell	Trinity College
educated at	Ece Yaşar is s student at the sports academy of Hacettepe University in Ankara.	Ece Yaşar	Hacettepe University
educated at	Charles Alexander McMurry (1857--1929) was an American educator, born at Crawfordsville, Ind. He graduated at the Illinois State Normal University in 1876, and studied at the University of Michigan (1876--80), and in Europe at Halle (Ph.D., 1887) and Jena.	Charles Alexander McMurry	University of Michigan
educated at	Andrew Holtz has a Master of Public Health degree from the Oregon MPH program, and a BA from Stanford University.	Andrew Holtz	Stanford University
educated at	Gwendolyn Wright attended New York University, and in 1969 received a BA in history and art history.	Gwendolyn Wright	New York University
educated at	A native of Vilnius, Algirdas Šemeta graduated in 1985 from Vilnius University's Faculty of Economic Cybernetics and Finance with a degree as economist-mathematician.	Algirdas Šemeta	Vilnius University
educated at	His elder brother was Lieutenant Colonel John Redner Bodington DSO MC, a soldier who served in World War I and World War II. Nicolas Bodington studied at Cheltenham College and (for a year) at Lincoln College, Oxford before becoming a journalist, working from 1930 onwards for the Daily Express.	Nicolas Bodington	Lincoln College
educated at	Jennifer Kimball and Amherst College friend Jonatha Brooke began playing music together in the 1980s.	Jennifer Kimball	Amherst College
educated at	Leonid Alekseevich Kamarovsky (March 15, 1846 -- August 12, 1912, Леонид Алексеевич Камаровский) was a professor of international law at Moscow State University.	Leonid Alekseevich Kamarovsky	Moscow State University
educated at	Between 1971 and 1987, while a senior professor at the Ohio State University, Charles Csuri founded the Computer Graphics Research Group, the Ohio Super Computer Graphics Project, and the Advanced Computing Center for Art and Design, dedicated to the development of digital art and computer animation.	Charles Csuri	Ohio State University
educated at	Emanuel Borok serves on the violin faculty at Southern Methodist University in Dallas.	Emanuel Borok	Southern Methodist University
educated at	Lawrence L. Lamade attended the Landon School, followed by Princeton University, receiving his B.A. in 1969.	Lawrence L. Lamade	Princeton University
educated at	Cake Man Raven attended Johnson & Wales University and Brown University, both in Providence, Rhode Island.	Cake Man Raven	Brown University
educated at	A son of the Rev. Gavin Lang, parish minister at Glassford, Lanarkshire, Robert Hamilton Lang was born in Scotland in 1832 and received his schooling at the famous Hamilton Academy from which he entered the University of Glasgow.	Robert Hamilton Lang	University of Glasgow
educated at	Dr Alice Prochaska MA, DPhil, FRHistS (born 12 July 1947) is Principal of Somerville College, Oxford.	Alice Prochaska	Somerville College
educated at	Wesley Kingston Whitten (1 August 1918--24 May 2010) was a professor of reproductive biology at the Australian National University and later director of the Jackson Laboratory, Bar Harbor, Maine, USA.	Wesley Kingston Whitten	Australian National University
educated at	Sri Edi Swasono (born in Ngawi, East Java, September 16, 1940) is a professor of economics at the University of Indonesia.	Sri Edi Swasono	University of Indonesia
educated at	Ryszard Petru studied at the Faculty of Computer Science and Management of the Wrocław University of Technology, and graduated from the Warsaw School of Economics.	Ryszard Petru	Warsaw School of Economics
educated at	John Dunston studied Modern Foreign Languages at the University of Cambridge.	John Dunston	University of Cambridge
educated at	Martine Ouellet (born April 8, 1969) is a Canadian politician, who graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering from the McGill University and with an M.B.A from the HEC Montreal.	Martine Ouellet	McGill University
educated at	Richard Cory-Wright was educated at Eton College.	Richard Cory-Wright	Eton College
educated at	Abby Leach (1855--1918) was a Professor of Greek and Latin at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York from 1883 until her death.	Abby Leach	Vassar College
educated at	Jeremy Wieder (born February 1971) is a rosh yeshiva at the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary of Yeshiva University, located in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York.	Jeremy Wieder	Yeshiva University
educated at	Devin Deweese is a professor of Islamic and Central Eurasian Studies at Indiana University, Bloomington.	Devin Deweese	Indiana University
educated at	As a student at the Slade School of Fine Art from 1961 to 1963 Colin Self received encouragement for his drawings and collages from the artists David Hockney and Peter Blake.	Colin Self	Slade School of Fine Art
educated at	Vicenç Navarro i López (Gironella, Berguedà, Spain 1937) is a sociologist, and political scientist currently holding a chair in Social Sciences at the Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona.	Vicenç Navarro	Pompeu Fabra University
educated at	Son of the Yale University professor of history Leonard Woods Labaree and Elizabeth Mary Calkins, Benjamin Woods Labaree was raised in New Haven, Connecticut, and attended The Hotchkiss School.	Benjamin Woods Labaree	Yale University
educated at	John da Cunha was educated at Stonyhurst and read law at St John's College, Cambridge.	John da Cunha	St John's College
educated at	Jacqueline van Rysselberghe Herrera (born February 3, 1965 in Chile) is a Chilean politician and psychiatrist who graduated from the University of Concepción.	Jacqueline van Rysselberghe	University of Concepción
educated at	Alfred Beckley was appointed to the United States Military Academy at West Point, nominated for West Point by William Henry Harrison and President James Monroe; he entered on September 25, 1819, and graduated on July 1, 1823, ninth in a graduating class of 35.	Alfred Beckley	United States Military Academy
educated at	Nido Qubein is a businessman, motivational speaker, and President of High Point University since 2005.	Nido Qubein	High Point University
educated at	Andrew Schlafly received a B.S.E. in electrical engineering and certificate in engineering physics from Princeton University in late 1981.	Andrew Schlafly	Princeton University
educated at	Benjamin Parry was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and Jesus College, Oxford before becoming a Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1654.	Benjamin Parry	Trinity College	Jesus College
educated at	Rashid Karami graduated from Cairo University with a law degree in the 1942.	Rashid Karami	Cairo University
educated at	Brian Baschnagel attended The Ohio State University after graduating from North Allegheny High School.	Brian Baschnagel	Ohio State University
educated at	Matthew Jay Lewis a British actor who trained at The Central School of Speech and Drama.	Matthew Jay Lewis	Central School of Speech and Drama
educated at	Aase Texmon Rygh has her education from the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry 1944-46, and training at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen for Einar Utzon-Frank 1948-49, and a trip to Paris in 1950 was important for the direction her artistic activities .	Aase Texmon Rygh	Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	William Bentinck-Smith (1914--1993) was a Harvard University administrator and sometime editor of the Harvard Alumni Bulletin, known for his ``encyclopedic'' knowledge of Harvard's history.	William Bentinck-Smith	Harvard University
educated at	Alfred Romer was born in White Plains, New York, and studied at Amherst College achieving a Bachelor of Science Honours degree in Biology and Columbia University pursuing with a M.Sc in Biology and graduating with a doctorate in zoology in 1921.	Alfred Romer	Amherst College	Columbia University
educated at	Guillermo Ortiz Martínez (born July 21, 1948 in Mexico City) is the son of Gen. Leopoldo Ortiz Sevilla and Graciela Martínez Ostos and received a B.A. in Economics from the National Autonomous University of Mexico and both a M.Sc.	Guillermo Ortiz Martínez	National Autonomous University of Mexico
educated at	Lawrence M. Baskir was born in Brooklyn, New York, receiving a A.B., magna cum laude, from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University in 1959 followed by an LL.B. from Harvard Law School in 1962.	Lawrence M. Baskir	Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs
educated at	Nick Burd attended the University of Iowa and received his MFA from The New School.	Nick Burd	University of Iowa
educated at	From 1963 to 1967, Daniel Mora attended the Chorrillos Military School, specialising in engineering.	Daniel Mora	Chorrillos Military School
educated at	Eugene Aserinsky (May 6, 1921 -- July 22, 1998), a pioneer in sleep research, was a graduate student at University of Chicago in 1953 when he discovered REM sleep.	Eugene Aserinsky	University of Chicago
educated at	Vince Pazzetti (January 1, 1890 -- August 3, 1972) was an American football player, graduating from Lehigh University in 1912.	Vince Pazzetti	Lehigh University
educated at	The son of R. W. Steggall, Charles Steggall was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge and then studied under William Sterndale Bennett at the Royal Academy of Music, where he subsequently became Professor of organ and harmony.	Charles Steggall	Trinity College
educated at	M. K. Raina graduated from National School of Drama in 1970 with Best actor award.	M. K. Raina	National School of Drama
educated at	James Jupp was born in Croydon, England, and was educated at the London School of Economics between 1951 and 1956.	James Jupp	London School of Economics
educated at	Jake Rademacher is a 1997 graduate of the University of Notre Dame.	Jake Rademacher	University of Notre Dame
educated at	Thomas Fowle (ca. 1530 -- after 1597) was a Church of England clergyman, Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, rector of Redgrave and Hinderclay, Suffolk, and prebendary of Norwich Cathedral.	Thomas Fowle	St John's College
educated at	Hemant Mahaur (born 1976) is an alumnus of the National School of Drama and is an actor in the Hindi film industry.	Hemant Mahaur	National School of Drama
educated at	Mark J. Roe is the David Berg Professor of Law at Harvard Law School, appointed in 2001.	Mark J. Roe	Harvard Law School
educated at	Francis Perrin was born in Paris and attended École Normale Supérieure in Paris.	Francis Perrin	École Normale Supérieure
educated at	Amelia Kyambadde holds the degree of Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest institution of tertiary education, founded in 1922.	Amelia Kyambadde	Makerere University
educated at	Born in Labuan and raised in Kota Kinabalu, the capital of Sabah, Kelvin Teo did his high school at Kian Kok Middle School and undergraduate at National University of Singapore with a degree in Electrical Engineering.	Kelvin Teo	National University of Singapore
educated at	A graduate of HEC Paris, Alain Cayzac began his career as an advertising agent in 1969, before co-founding in 1972 the agency RSCG with Bernard Roux, Jacques Séguéla, and Jean-Michel Goudard.	Alain Cayzac	HEC Paris
educated at	The Rev. Samuel Colcord Bartlett (November 25, 1817 -- November 16, 1898) was the president of Dartmouth College from 1877--1892.	Samuel Colcord Bartlett	Dartmouth College
educated at	In 1988 Cecilia Alvear was one of twelve American journalists chosen for the prestigious Nieman Fellowship at Harvard University where she spent the academic year 1988-89.	Cecilia Alvear	Harvard University
educated at	Charles Page Thomas Moore (February 8, 1831 -- July 7, 1904) was a co-founder of the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity in 1852 at Jefferson College (now Washington and Jefferson College) in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.	Charles Page Thomas Moore	Washington and Jefferson College
educated at	Terence Morrison-Scott was educated at Eton College, Christ Church, Oxford, and the Royal College of Science.	Terence Morrison-Scott	Eton College	Christ Church
educated at	Carlos Castillo Peraza was a lawyer in the University of Fribourg, Switzerland, was a collaborator and contributor of many newspapers of the country and began like journalist of the El Diario de Yucatán.	Carlos Castillo Peraza	University of Fribourg
educated at	Jay Bocook is a professional composer and arranger, and also the Director of Athletic Bands at Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina.	Jay Bocook	Furman University
educated at	After transferring from Montgomery College to American University, Kelela began singing jazz standards at cafés.	Kelela	American University
educated at	Foster Jay Taylor, known as F. Jay Taylor (August 9, 1923 -- May 15, 2011), was a historian who served from 1962 to 1987 as the president of Louisiana Tech University in Ruston in Lincoln Parish in north Louisiana.	F. Jay Taylor	Louisiana Tech University
educated at	Munir Pirmohamed studied Medicine at the University of Liverpool from 1980 to 1985, Professor Pirmohamed then went on to study a PhD in Pharmacology in 1993, and began working as a Consultant Physician at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital in 1996.	Munir Pirmohamed	University of Liverpool
educated at	Philemon Holland was educated at King Edward VI Grammar School, Chelmsford, before going on to Trinity College, Cambridge about 1568, where he was tutored by John Whitgift, later Archbishop of Canterbury.	Philemon Holland	Trinity College
educated at	Dimitrios Pandermalis (Greek: Δημήτριος Παντερμαλής, born 1940), is a Professor of Archaeology at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, supervisor of the Archaeological site of Dion, Pieria and curator of the new Acropolis Museum.	Dimitrios Pandermalis	Aristotle University of Thessaloniki
educated at	Neville Robinson was educated at The Leys School in Cambridge, England and Christ's College, Cambridge, where he read Physics.	Neville Robinson	Christ's College
educated at	Artist Walter Midener (1912--1998) was born in Germany, studied at the Berlin Academy of Arts (1932--1936), and received an Master of Arts (M.A.) from Wayne State University (1950).	Walter Midener	Wayne State University
educated at	Born in England, Aamer Anwar moved to Scotland in 1986 to study mechanical engineering at the University of Glasgow for a future in the Royal Air Force.	Aamer Anwar	University of Glasgow
educated at	Juan Requesens is a student leader at the Central University of Venezuela and a leader for student opposition protesters during the 2014 Venezuelan protests.	Juan Requesens	Central University of Venezuela
educated at	Joseph Cumming is a scholar of Islamic and Christian thought who serves as Pastor of the International Church at Yale University and works internationally as a consultant on Muslim-Christian and Muslim-Christian-Jewish relations.	Joseph Cumming	Yale University
educated at	Clara Antoinette McCarty Wilt (1858--1929) was the first graduate of the University of Washington and the first woman superintendent of the Pierce County School District.	Clara Antoinette McCarty Wilt	University of Washington
educated at	Born Joseph Warren Platner in Baltimore, Maryland, he graduated from Cornell University with a degree in architecture in 1941.	Warren Platner	Cornell University
educated at	Mickey Vernon was born in Marcus Hook, Pennsylvania, and attended Villanova University, before making his major league debut on July 8, 1939.	Mickey Vernon	Villanova University
educated at	Jacob K. Olupona received his BA from the University of Nigeria and his MA and PhD from Boston University.	Jacob K. Olupona	University of Nigeria	Boston University
educated at	John Holt Duncan (1820--1896) was one of eight founders of Beta Theta Pi, a prominent college fraternity founded at Miami University in 1839 and was its first president.	John Holt Duncan	Miami University
educated at	Ann C. Palmenberg is a professor of virology and biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Ann C. Palmenberg	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Sophie Cabot Black (born 1958) is an American prize-winning poet who has taught creative writing at Columbia University.	Sophie Cabot Black	Columbia University
educated at	As a young man Ayo Bankole studied in London at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama where he met the young drama student and poet Brian Edward Hurst.	Ayo Bankole	Guildhall School of Music and Drama
educated at	Richard Howland (1540--1600) was an English churchman and academic, Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge, and of St John's College, Cambridge, and bishop of Peterborough.	Richard Howland	St John's College
educated at	Eric Hardgrave (born October 5, 1960 in Fresno, California) is a former professional baseball player who was an All-American college baseball player at Stanford University.	Eric Hardgrave	Stanford University
educated at	As a journalist, Maneka Gandhi made headlines for her shocking publication in Surya Magazine of photos showing sexual intercourse between Suresh Ram (son of the then Defence Minister Babu Jagjivan Ram) and Sushma Chaudhury, a University of Delhi student.	Maneka Gandhi	University of Delhi
educated at	Pir Syed Muhammad Binyamin Rizvi received a degree in civil engineering from the G.C.T Government College of Technology, Lahore in 1980, and a degree from Allama Iqbal Open University in Islamabad in 1981.	Pir Syed Muhammad Binyamin Rizvi	Allama Iqbal Open University
educated at	Mack Barham received his undergraduate degree from the University of Colorado in Boulder, Colorado.	Mack Barham	University of Colorado
educated at	Tyrone Prothro (born May 24, 1984) is a former American football wide receiver who played for the University of Alabama between 2003--2005.	Tyrone Prothro	University of Alabama
educated at	Petr Nárožný attended Czech Technical University in Prague (graduate in 1968).	Petr Nárožný	Czech Technical University in Prague
educated at	William H. Rogers, Jr. received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and an M.B.A. from Georgia State University.	William H. Rogers, Jr.	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	Georgia State University
educated at	Sudipta Kaviraj was a student of Political Science at the Presidency College of the University of Calcutta, where he was awarded a First Class First.	Sudipta Kaviraj	University of Calcutta
educated at	The son of John Henry Roskill, K.C. a barrister, and Sybil Dilke, Stephen Roskill was born in London, England and joined the Royal Navy in 1917, attending the Royal Naval College at Osborne and then the Britannia Royal Naval College at Dartmouth.	Stephen Roskill	Britannia Royal Naval College
father	Al-Mutawakkil III was deposed briefly in 1516 by his predecessor Al-Mustamsik, but was restored to the caliphate the following year.	Al-Mutawakkil III	Al-Mustamsik
father	A Thoroughbred daughter of the stallion Three Bars, Lena's Bar was out of Lena Valenti, a granddaughter of Percentage.	Lena's Bar	Three Bars
father	Shwenankyawshin was born Min Swe to King Minkhaung II and Chief Queen Atula Thiri Dhamma Dewi on 22 September 1476.	Shwenankyawshin	Minkhaung II
father	Adolf IX of Berg (also referred to as Adolf VI) (c. 1280 -- 3 April 1348) was the eldest son of Henry of Berg, Lord of Windeck and Agnes of the Mark.	Adolf IX of Berg	Henry of Berg, Lord of Windeck
father	Adarsh Shastri is a son of Anil Shastri and Manju Shastri, and is married to Monika Shastri.	Adarsh Shastri	Anil Shastri
father	Ines Uusmann is the daughter of Thure G. Johansson, discoverer of the Bocksten Man.	Ines Uusmann	Thure G. Johansson
father	Marc-Édouard Nabe (born Alain Zannini, December 27, 1958 in Marseille, France), is the only son of the Greek-Turkish-Italian jazz musician Marcel Zanini and Corsican mother Suzanne Zannini.	Marc-Édouard Nabe	Marcel Zanini
father	Agesilaus I (/əˌdʒɛsəˈleɪəs/; Greek: Ἀγησίλαος), son of Doryssus, was the 6th king of the Agiad line at Sparta, excluding Aristodemus.	Agesilaus I	Doryssus
father	Prince Frederick of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange-Nassau (full names: Willem Frederik Karel; Berlin, 28 February 1797 -- Wassenaar, 8 September 1881), was the second son of William I of the Netherlands and his wife, Wilhelmine of Prussia.	Prince Frederick of the Netherlands	William I of the Netherlands
father	Hedwiga Reicher (12 June 1884 -- 2 September 1971) was a German actress, sister to actor Frank Reicher, and daughter to actor Emanuel Reicher.	Hedwiga Reicher	Emanuel Reicher
father	Robert Kagan is the son of historian Donald Kagan, who is Sterling Professor of Classics and History at Yale University and a specialist in the history of the Peloponnesian War.	Robert Kagan	Donald Kagan
father	Antiochus XI Epiphanes or Philadelphus, ruler of the Greek Seleucid kingdom, was a son of Antiochus VIII Grypus and his wife Tryphaena.	Antiochus XI Epiphanes	Antiochus VIII Grypus
father	Alcidice (Gr. Ἀλκιδίκη) was in Greek mythology the daughter of Aleus, king of Arcadia.	Alcidice	Aleus
father	Harald Quandt (1 November 1921 -- 22 September 1967) was a German industrialist and son of industrialist Günther Quandt and Magda Behrend Rietschel.	Harald Quandt	Günther Quandt
father	Fiona Kennedy Clark, OBE, DL is a Scottish singer, actress, and broadcaster, and the daughter of Scottish and Gaelic singers Calum Kennedy and Anne Gillies.	Fiona Kennedy	Calum Kennedy
father	Paul de Rémusat (17 November 1831, Paris -- 22 January 1897, Paris), son of the French politician Charles de Rémusat, became a distinguished journalist and writer.	Paul de Rémusat	Charles de Rémusat
father	Johann of Isenberg-Limburg, count of Limburg (born before 1246, died before 1277), son of Dietrich I of Isenberg.	Johann of Isenberg-Limburg	Dietrich I of Isenberg
father	Tezcatlan Miyahuatzin was a daughter of Acacitli.	Tezcatlan Miyahuatzin	Acacitli
father	Patricia Heaton was born in Bay Village, Ohio, the daughter of Patricia (née Hurd) and Chuck Heaton, who was a sportswriter for the Plain Dealer.	Patricia Heaton	Chuck Heaton
father	Pharis was sired by Pharos who also sired ``one of the greatest racehorses of the Twentieth Century,'' Nearco, from Carissima (three wins, second in French Oaks and dam of seven other winners) by Clarissimus.	Pharis	Pharos
father	Johann III Bernoulli (also known as Jean; 4 November 1744, Basel -- 13 July 1807, Berlin), grandson of Johann Bernoulli, and son of Johann II Bernoulli.	Johann III Bernoulli	Johann II Bernoulli
father	Amiable's sire, St. Simon, won the 1884 Ascot Gold Cup and was the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland for much of the 1890s and first decade of the 20th century.	Amiable	St. Simon
father	Born in Kuala Lumpur on 14 June 1915, Dato Loke Wan Tho was the 9th child of Loke Yew.	Loke Wan Tho	Loke Yew
father	The son of former England captain Paul Ince, Tom Ince began his career with Liverpool, for whom he made his professional début in the 2010--11 season, coming on as a substitute in the Football League Cup.	Tom Ince	Paul Ince
father	Kotashaan was sired by Darshaan, winner of the 1984 French Derby and the Leading sire in France in 2003.	Kotashaan	Darshaan
father	Anthelea (Greek: Ἀνθήλεια), in Greek mythology, is one of the Danaids, daughter of Danaus and Polyxo.	Anthelea	Danaus
father	Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia (Russian: О́льга Алекса́ндровна; 13 June (O.S. 1 June) 1882 -- 24 November 1960) was the youngest child of Emperor Alexander III of Russia and younger sister of Tsar Nicholas II. She was raised at the Gatchina Palace outside Saint Petersburg.	Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia	Alexander III of Russia
father	Alexis Caswell Angell was born in Providence, Rhode Island to James Burrill Angell and Sarah Swope Caswell, and was named for his maternal grandfather, Alexis Caswell, who was to become President of Brown University.	Alexis Caswell Angell	James Burrill Angell
father	Edward Poynings was the only son of Sir Robert Poynings (c.1419--1461) and Elizabeth Paston (1429?--1487/8), the only daughter of William Paston (1378--1444).	Edward Poynings	Robert Poynings
father	Christopher Lekapenos or Lecapenus (Greek: Χριστόφορος Λακαπηνός) was the eldest son of Emperor Romanos I Lekapenos (r. 920--944) and co-emperor from 921 until his death in 931.	Christopher Lekapenos	Romanos I Lekapenos
father	Gallant Bloom (foaled May 22, 1966 -- died 1991) was a plain brown filly sired by the great Gallant Man, also a plain brown horse.	Gallant Bloom	Gallant Man
father	Bred by Canadian E. P. Taylor at his Windfields Farm Maryland division, Devil's Bag was out of the mare Ballade and sired by Halo, making him a full brother to both the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Glorious Song and Arlington Classic winner and very successful sire Saint Ballado.	Devil's Bag	Halo
father	Peter Serkin was born in New York City and is the son of pianist Rudolf Serkin, and grandson of the influential violinist Adolf Busch, whose daughter Irene had married Rudolf Serkin.	Peter Serkin	Rudolf Serkin
father	Kaemsekhem was an Ancient Egyptian nobleman and probably the son of Crown Prince Kawab and Hetepheres II. He later served as the director of the royal palace.	Kaemsekhem	Kawab
father	William Gibson, 2nd Baron Ashbourne (16 December 1868 -- 21 January 1942) was born at 20 Upper Pembroke Street, Dublin to Edward Gibson, 1st Baron Ashbourne and Frances Maria Adelaide Colles (a granddaughter of Abraham Colles and niece of John Dawson Mayne).	William Gibson, 2nd Baron Ashbourne	Edward Gibson, 1st Baron Ashbourne
father	Crown Prince Yukou (Chinese: 禦寇; pinyin: Yùkòu; died 672 BC) was the original heir apparent of Duke Xuan of Chen, the sixteenth ruler of the ancient Chinese state of Chen during the Spring and Autumn period.	Yukou	Duke Xuan of Chen
father	George Tupou V (Tongan: Siaosi Tupou, full name: Siaosi Tāufaʻāhau Manumataongo Tukuʻaho Tupou; 4 May 1948 -- 18 March 2012) was the King of Tonga following the death of his father, Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV in 2006, until his own death six years later.	George Tupou V	Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV
father	John Seward Johnson I (July 14, 1895 -- May 23, 1983) was one of the sons of Robert Wood Johnson I (co-founder of Johnson & Johnson).	John Seward Johnson I	Robert Wood Johnson I
father	Günter Felke was born as the youngest son of the industrialist Michael Felke and his wife Maria in Laufersweiler (State of Rhineland-Palatinate).	Günter Felke	Michael Felke
father	Princess Pingyang (simplified Chinese: 平阳公主; traditional Chinese: 平陽公主; pinyin: Píngyáng Gōngzhǔ), formally Princess Zhao of Pingyang (平陽昭公主) (598 - 623) was the daughter of Emperor Gaozu of Tang (Li Yuan), the founding emperor of the Tang Dynasty.	Princess Pingyang	Emperor Gaozu of Tang
father	Harry Marks was born in London on 9 April 1855, a younger child of David Woolf Marks and his wife Cecilia.	Harry Marks	David Woolf Marks
father	Christian Louis de Massy (born 17 January 1949 in Monaco) is the son of Princess Antoinette of Monaco, Baroness de Massy, and her husband, international tennis champion Alexandre-Athenase Noghès.	Christian Louis de Massy	Alexandre-Athenase Noghès
father	Giannis Vardinogiannis (Greek: Γιάννης Βαρδινογιάννης, born 7 April 1962) is a Greek billionaire oil entrepreneur and a shipping magnate, the eldest son of tycoon Vardis Vardinogiannis.	Giannis Vardinogiannis	Vardis Vardinogiannis
father	Jane Bewick (1787--1881) was the eldest daughter of the wood engraver Thomas Bewick by his wife Isabella.	Jane Bewick	Thomas Bewick
father	Paul Schneider-Esleben was born in 1915 in Düsseldorf to Elisabeth and Franz Schneider-Esleben, an architect.	Paul Schneider-Esleben	Franz Schneider
father	Winter Memories was sired by El Prado, who also sired Paddy O'Prado.	Winter Memories	El Prado
father	Teenoso was the best horse sired by Youth, the winner of the Prix du Jockey Club Washington D.C. International in 1976.	Teenoso	Youth
father	Alice Clere (died 1538) was the daughter of Sir William Boleyn and his wife Margaret Ormond (otherwise Butler), the daughter and co-heiress of Thomas Butler, 7th Earl of Ormond.	Alice Clere	William Boleyn
father	Pål Erik Ulvestad is the brother of the Burnley player Fredrik and Aalesund player Dan Peter Ulvestad, and son of the former footballer Rune Ulvestad.	Pål Erik Ulvestad	Rune Ulvestad
father	During his reign, the Cheng Han state continued the deterioration that occurred through his father Li Shou's reign, and in 347, Li Shi's forces failed against the Jin expedition force commanded by Huan Wen.	Li Shi	Li Shou
father	Matthew Karatz was born to a Jewish family, the son of former KB Home chairman and CEO, Bruce Karatz and his first wife Janet Dreisen.	Matthew Karatz	Bruce Karatz
father	Abraham Van Buren (November 27, 1807 -- March 15, 1873) was the eldest son of the eighth President of the United States, Martin Van Buren (Republican-Democrat) and his wife, Hannah Hoes Van Buren.	Abraham Van Buren	Martin Van Buren
father	According to some sources Paul Mactire's father was Leod Macgilleandrais.	Paul Mactire	Leod Macgilleandrais
father	The second eldest son of Illinois pioneer Charles Gratiot, Sr. and Victoire Chouteau, Henry Gratiot was born in St. Louis, Missouri.	Henry Gratiot	Charles Gratiot, Sr.
father	Wriothesley Russell, 2nd Duke of Bedford KG (1 November 1680 -- 26 May 1711) was the son of William Russell, Lord Russell, and his wife Lady Rachel Wriothesley.	Wriothesley Russell, 2nd Duke of Bedford	William Russell, Lord Russell
father	William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale (died 16 July 1212), was the second but eldest surviving son of Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale.	William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale	Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale
father	Staurakios or Stauracius (Greek: Σταυράκιος; died January 11, 812) was Byzantine Emperor from July 26 to October 2, 811 in succession to his father, Nikephoros I, who had fallen at the Battle of Pliska.	Staurakios	Nikephoros I
father	Emich, 5th Prince of Leiningen (German: Emich Eduard Carl Fürst zu Leiningen; 18 January 1866 -- 18 July 1939) was the son of Ernst Leopold, 4th Prince of Leiningen.	Emich, 5th Prince of Leiningen	Ernst Leopold, 4th Prince of Leiningen
father	Top Ville was a dark-coated bay horse with a white star and a white sock on his left hind leg bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV. He was sired by High Top, who won the 2000 Guineas in 1972 and later became a successful breeding stallion.	Top Ville	High Top
father	Richard Bevan was born on 22 August 1788 at Swallowfield, Berkshire His father, Silvanus Bevan III, was a banker.	Richard Bevan	Silvanus Bevan
father	Muhtar Kent was born in 1952 in New York City, where his father, Necdet Kent, was the consul-general of Turkey.	Muhtar Kent	Necdet Kent
father	According to Isidore of Seville, Remismund was a son of Maldras.	Remismund	Maldras
father	Dora Maar was born Henriette Theodora Marković on November 22, 1907 in Paris; her father, Josip Marković, was a Croatian architect, her mother, née Julie Voisin, was of a French Catholic family from Tours.	Dora Maar	Josip Marković
father	Maria Shukshina was born in Moscow to the family of famous Russian writer, film director and actor Vasily Shukshin and Russian film actress Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina.	Maria Shukshina	Vasily Shukshin
father	Piers FitzThomas Butler of Duiske (died 1601), was the illegitimate son of Thomas Butler, 10th Earl of Ormond.	Piers FitzThomas Butler	Thomas Butler, 10th Earl of Ormond
father	Zafonic was sired by the Mr. Prospector stallion Gone West, out of the Seaton Delaval Stakes winner Zaizafon, a daughter of The Minstrel.	Zafonic	Gone West
father	Seleucus VI Epiphanes Nikator (Greek: Σέλευκος ΣΤ΄), ruler of the Hellenistic Seleucid kingdom, was the oldest son of Antiochus VIII Grypus and his wife Tryphaena.	Seleucus VI Epiphanes	Antiochus VIII Grypus
father	Turkhan was a bay horse bred in the United Kingdom by his owner Aga Khan III. He was sired by the Aga Khan' stallion Bahram the winner of the Triple Crown in 1935.	Turkhan	Bahram
father	Amon of Judah (Hebrew: אָמוֹן‎; Greek: Αμων; Latin: Amon) was a 7th-century BC King of Judah who, according to the biblical account, succeeded his father Manasseh of Judah.	Amon of Judah	Manasseh of Judah
father	Hans Cranach (ca. 1513-1537), also known as Johann Lucas Cranach, was a German painter, the oldest son of Lucas Cranach the Elder.	Hans Cranach	Lucas Cranach the Elder
father	James Butler of Duiske was a younger son of James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond and Lady Joan Fitzgerald.	James Butler of Duiske	James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond
father	Patrick Bouvier Kennedy (August 7, 1963 -- August 9, 1963) was the last child of United States President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy.	Patrick Bouvier Kennedy	John F. Kennedy
father	Somdet Chaofa Prajadhipok Sakdidej was born on 8 November 1893 in Bangkok, Siam (now Thailand) to King Chulalongkorn and Queen Saovabha Bongsri.	Prajadhipok	Chulalongkorn
father	Eilene Hannan was born in Melbourne, the daughter of lawyers, George Hannan and his wife Eileen née Williams.	Eilene Hannan	George Hannan
father	Daciana Sârbu is the daughter of Ilie Sârbu, a PSD member who served as Minister of Agriculture in the Adrian Năstase cabinet and held the same position in the Emil Boc cabinet.	Daciana Sârbu	Ilie Sârbu
father	Mauger of Hauteville (also Latin Malgerius or Italian Maugerio) was a younger (probably the second) son of Tancred of Hauteville by his second wife, Fressenda.	Mauger of Hauteville	Tancred of Hauteville
father	Spock, commonly Mr. Spock (sometimes popularly referred to as: Spock, son of Sarek), is a fictional character in the Star Trek media franchise.	Spock	Sarek
father	Khufu was the second pharaoh of the 4th dynasty; he followed his possible father, king Sneferu, on the throne.	Khufu	Sneferu
father	Felicia of Roucy (c. 1060 -- 3 May 1123) was a daughter of Hilduin IV of Montdidier and his wife Alice of Roucy.	Felicia of Roucy	Hilduin IV of Montdidier
father	Prince Narai was born in 1633 to King Prasat Thong and his Princess Sirithida (Thai: ศิริธิดา), who was a daughter of Songtham.	Narai	Prasat Thong
father	Prince Vajiravudh was born on 1 January 1880 to Chulalongkorn and one of his four queens, Saovabha.	Vajiravudh	Chulalongkorn
father	Mary Hoyt Wiborg was born on January 28, 1888, to Frank Bestow Wiborg in Cincinnati.	Mary Hoyt Wiborg	Frank Bestow Wiborg
father	Mariana Valadão is the daughter of the Pastor Márcio Valadão and Renata Valadão, pastors and founders of the Lagoinha Baptist Church.	Mariana Valadão	Márcio Valadão
father	Ellen Anckarsvärd was the daughter of the architect Per Axel Nyström.	Ellen Anckarsvärd	Per Axel Nyström
father	William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton, 1st Earl of Essex and 1st Baron Parr, KG (14 August 1513 -- 28 October 1571) was the son of Sir Thomas Parr and his wife, Maud Green, daughter of Sir Thomas Green, of Broughton and Greens Norton.	William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton	Sir Thomas Parr
father	King Kang of Zhou (Chinese: 周康王; pinyin: Zhōu Kāng Wáng) or King K’ang of Chou was the third sovereign of the Chinese Zhou Dynasty and son of the King Cheng of Zhou.	King Kang of Zhou	King Cheng of Zhou
father	William James Roache (born 29 December 1985) is an English actor who is perhaps best known for his roles in connection with his father William Roache.	James Roache	William Roache
father	Princess Elisabeth of Prussia (18 June 1815 -- 21 March 1885) was the second daughter of Prince Wilhelm of Prussia and Landgravine Marie Anna of Hesse-Homburg and a granddaughter of Frederick William II of Prussia.	Princess Elisabeth of Prussia	Prince Wilhelm of Prussia
father	Mehbooba Mufti Sayeed (born 22 May 1959 in Akhran Nowpora) is the president of the Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the daughter of Late Mufti Mohammad Sayeed who served as former Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir and died while in office.	Mehbooba Mufti	Mufti Mohammad Sayeed
father	Adolphe Adam was born in Paris, to Jean-Louis Adam (1758--1848), who was a prominent Alsatian composer, as well a professor at the Paris Conservatoire.	Adolphe Adam	Louis Adam
father	John Spedan Lewis (22 September 1885, Marylebone, London -- 21 February 1963 Romsey, Hampshire) was an English businessman and the founder of the John Lewis Partnership.	John Spedan Lewis	John Lewis
father	Elisabeth Raiser (born as Bertha Elisabeth Freiin von Weizsäcker in Zürich on 18 August 1940) is the daughter of Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker and a former President of the German Evangelical Church Assembly.	Elisabeth Raiser	Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker
father	Bred by William du Pont, Jr. at his Walnut Hall Farm near Boyce, Virginia, she was out of the mare Fairy Palace and sired by the good British runner Heliopolis whom Parlo helped earn his second Leading sire in North America title in 1954.	Parlo	Heliopolis
father	Piers Butler of Duiske, Barrowmount, County Kilkenny (died 1650) was the son of Edward Butler, 1st Viscount Galmoye and Hon. Anne Butler, daughter of Edmund Butler, 2nd Viscount Mountgarret .	Piers Butler of Duiske	Edward Butler, 1st Viscount Galmoye
father	Charles I, Count of Ligny (1488-1530) was a son of Anthony I, Count of Ligny and his second wife, Françoise van Croÿe-Chimay.	Charles I, Count of Ligny	Anthony I, Count of Ligny
father	Susan de Vere, Countess of Montgomery (26 May 1587--1628/29) was an English noblewoman and the youngest daughter of Elizabethan courtier, poet, and playwright Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford.	Susan de Vere, Countess of Montgomery	Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford
headquarters location	Outokumpu Nirosta is a business segment of Outokumpu, headquartered in Krefeld, Germany.	Outokumpu Nirosta	Krefeld
headquarters location	Built by a M. Janémian in Bièvres, Essonne, they had rear engines, transversely mounted, with chain drive to the rear wheels which were set closely together.	Janémian	Bièvres
headquarters location	Oni Press is an American independent comic book publisher based in Portland, Oregon.	Oni Press	Portland
headquarters location	Maoye International Holdings Limited (SEHK: 848), or Maoye International, Maoye, is the top-rank leading department store in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China and is engaged in department store and retailing business in Guangdong, Sichuan, Chongqing and Jiangsu.	Maoye International	Shenzhen
headquarters location	Broad Group is a private manufacturer of central air conditioning non-electric absorption chillers that are powered by natural gas and waste heat based in Changsha, China.	Broad Group	Changsha
headquarters location	OLT Express Germany (formerly OLT Ostfriesische Lufttransport GmbH or OLT) was an airline based in Bremen in Germany.	OLT Express Germany	Bremen
headquarters location	Lawley Pharmaceuticals was founded in 1996 as an offshoot from a retail company and is based in Perth, Western Australia.	Lawley Pharmaceuticals	Perth
headquarters location	Ashurst LLP is a multinational law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom and a member of the 'Silver Circle' of leading UK law firms.	Ashurst LLP	London
headquarters location	CIBC World Markets is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario with offices in Canada in Calgary, Alberta, Montreal, Quebec, Vancouver, British Columbia and Ottawa, Ontario.	CIBC World Markets	Toronto
headquarters location	Tai Lin Radio Service Limited was one of Hong Kong's largest electrical appliance retail chains.	Tai Lin Radio Service	Hong Kong
headquarters location	WordAlive Publishers is a Pan-African publishing house based in Nairobi, Kenya and has offices in Kampala, Uganda.	WordAlive Publishers	Nairobi
headquarters location	Café+co International Holding (café+co) is an international operating corporate group with its headquarters in Vienna.	Café+co	Vienna
headquarters location	Azurix Corp. (NYSE: AZX) is a water services company, headquartered in Houston, Texas.	Azurix	Houston
headquarters location	Electroputere S.A. (which translates as Electropower in English) is a company based in Craiova, Romania.	Electroputere	Craiova
headquarters location	Dingwall Trust is a Child, Youth and Family approved support service based in Papatoetoe, Auckland.	Dingwall Trust	Papatoetoe
headquarters location	Venturethree (styled as venturethree, and formerly known as Venture3) is an independent brand consultancy based in London, specialising in brand strategy, visual identity design, writing, naming, brand implementation and guardianship programs.	Venturethree	London
headquarters location	Marathon Media (also known as Marathon Studios), is a worldwide French television production company based in Neuilly-sur-Seine that produces shows for all ages.	Marathon Media	Neuilly-sur-Seine
headquarters location	The Lycée Hoche is a public secondary school located in Versailles, not very far away from the famous Palace of Versailles.	Lycée Hoche	Versailles
headquarters location	Lyon & Healy is an American harp manufacturer based in Chicago, Illinois.	Lyon & Healy	Chicago
headquarters location	Black Hills Corporation is a Rapid City, South Dakota diversified energy company that is an electric and gas utility in South Dakota and Wyoming and sells power throughout the American West.	Black Hills Corporation	Rapid City
headquarters location	The Bradford Group of companies, headquartered in Niles, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, includes many groups of collectibles, including Ardleigh Elliott, Ashton-Drake Galleries, Bradford Editions, Bradford Exchange, Hamilton Authenticated, Hamilton Collection and Hawthorne Village.	Bradford Exchange	Niles, Illinois
headquarters location	NORCAT - Northern Centre for Advanced Technology Inc. is a not for profit technology and innovation centre located in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	NORCAT	Greater Sudbury
headquarters location	Universal Weather and Aviation, Inc. (commonly called Universal or Universal Weather) is a privately held company headquartered in Houston, Texas that provides products and services for the general aviation industry.	Universal Weather and Aviation	Houston
headquarters location	MACTEC was based in Denver, Colorado until 2002, when they merged with LAW Engineering and the headquarters were moved to Alpharetta, Georgia.	MACTEC	Alpharetta
headquarters location	Ogilvy Renault LLP was a Canadian law firm with 450 members in offices in Montreal, Ottawa, Quebec, Toronto, Calgary and London, England.	Ogilvy Renault	Montreal
headquarters location	Located in Indianapolis, Indiana, Truevision was later acquired by monitor and graphics card maker RasterOps in Santa Clara, California.	Truevision	Indianapolis
headquarters location	He started the first Sweet Frog store in Richmond, Virginia in 2009, at a time when the United States economy was in recession, and frozen yogurt was most popular on the west coast of the United States.	Sweet Frog	Richmond
headquarters location	Union Iron Works, located in San Francisco, California, on the southeast waterfront, was a central business within the large industrial zone of Potrero Point, for four decades at the end of the nineteenth and beginning of the twentieth centuries.	Union Iron Works	San Francisco
headquarters location	Bohemian Guitars is an Atlanta-based guitar manufacturer that makes custom electric guitars, basses, mandolins, and ukuleles using unconventional materials--such as vintage oil cans and lunch boxes.	Bohemian Guitars	Atlanta
headquarters location	Creek Systems headquartered in Irvine, California is a provider of recruitment, staffing, and human resource services.	Creek Systems	Irvine
headquarters location	Godolphin Stables, also known as Stanley House stables, is a thoroughbred racehorse ownership, training and breeding operation in Newmarket, Suffolk, which has produced many notable horses.	Godolphin Stables	Newmarket
headquarters location	Texans for Fiscal Responsibility (TFR), a project of Empower Texans, is a conservative political advocacy group based in Austin, Texas.	Texans for Fiscal Responsibility	Austin
headquarters location	Swabr is an enterprise microblogging service for companies, organizational and educational institutions located in Berlin, Germany.	Swabr	Berlin
headquarters location	Swiss Racing Team (SRT) is an auto racing team based in Inwil, Lucerne, Switzerland.	Swiss Racing Team	Inwil
headquarters location	EB Games's parent corporation, GameStop, has its headquarters in Grapevine, Texas, a suburb of Dallas.	EB Games	Grapevine
headquarters location	By April 2013, TheSquareFoot had expanded Austin, Dallas, and New York City and TechCrunch named TheSquareFoot as one of the ``Top 5 Startups to Watch''.	TheSquareFoot	New York City
headquarters location	Lilly Endowment Inc., headquartered in Indianapolis is one of the world's largest private philanthropic foundations and is among the largest such endowments in the United States.	Lilly Endowment	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Trinity Financial is a real estate development company based at Boston in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.	Trinity Financial	Boston
headquarters location	Nickey Chevrolet (AKA: ``Nickey Chicago'') was a Chevrolet automobile dealership located in Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Nickey Chevrolet	Chicago
headquarters location	Aperam S.A. is a company, listed on the Amsterdam, Paris and Luxembourg stock exchange and with facilities in Brazil, Belgium and France, which concentrates on the production of stainless and speciality steel.	Aperam	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Baird & Warner is a residential real estate services company based in Chicago, Illinois.	Baird & Warner	Chicago
headquarters location	Frequentis was founded in 1947 in post-WWII Vienna by Emanuel Strunz and Walther Hamm.	Frequentis	Vienna
headquarters location	London based e-tailer Avenue 32 was established in 2011 by Roberta Benteler and Juri von Randow.	Avenue 32	London
headquarters location	Ecologic Brands, Inc. is an Oakland, California-based company that designs and manufactures bottles from recycled cardboard and newspaper.	Ecologic Brands, Inc.	Oakland
headquarters location	The Cheshire Building Society was a building society based in Macclesfield, Cheshire, England.	Cheshire Building Society	Macclesfield
headquarters location	3G Capital has offices in New York City and Rio de Janeiro, and the firm is run by managing partner Alex Behring out of New York.	3G Capital	New York	Rio de Janeiro
headquarters location	Churchill Investments Group is a Canadian energy, commodities, equities, and services company based in Montreal with other offices worldwide.	Churchill Investments Group	Montreal
headquarters location	Fine Tubes is a UK-based manufacturer of metal tubes, based in Estover, Plymouth, Devon.	Fine Tubes	Plymouth
headquarters location	The José Saramago Foundation is a cultural private institution located in the Casa dos Bicos, in Lisbon (Portugal).	José Saramago Foundation	Lisbon
headquarters location	Barrio Planta Project is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization established to provide free access to English language education, arts, communication and job-training to the residents of San Juan del Sur, Nicaragua.	Barrio Planta Project	San Juan del Sur
headquarters location	China Southern Airlines Company Limited (SSE: 600029, SEHK: 1055, NYSE: ZNH) is an airline headquartered in Baiyun District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	China Southern Airlines	Guangzhou
headquarters location	Quaid Software, Ltd. was a software publisher based in Toronto, Ontario.	Quaid Software	Toronto
headquarters location	TerraCycle is a private U.S. small business headquartered in Trenton, New Jersey.	TerraCycle	Trenton
headquarters location	G. & J. E. Pinckernelle is a Hamburg insurance broker firm, established on 1 December 1857 by the brothers Gustav (1821--1875) and Johann Ernst Pinckernelle (1827--1906).	G. & J. E. Pinckernelle	Hamburg
headquarters location	Rainforest Partnership is a North American non-profit corporation 501(c)(3) based in Austin, Texas that aims to protect tropical rainforests.	Rainforest Partnership	Austin
headquarters location	Anywhere Road is an American independent film distributor based in San Francisco.	Anywhere Road	San Francisco
headquarters location	Founded in 1998, Visualant is a public company based in Seattle, Washington.	Visualant	Seattle
headquarters location	Bitstamp is a bitcoin exchange based in the United Kingdom.	Bitstamp	United Kingdom
headquarters location	AlarmForce Inc. manufacturing base is in Toronto.	AlarmForce	Toronto
headquarters location	Sneaky Pete's is a Birmingham, Alabama-based chain of hot-dog restaurants founded by Pete Graphos in 1966 and sold to the present-owner Bernard D'Amico in 1986.	Sneaky Pete's	Birmingham
headquarters location	Kepler's Books and Magazines is an independent bookstore in Menlo Park, California.	Kepler's Books	Menlo Park
headquarters location	The Roper Center for Public Opinion Research at Cornell University is one of the world's leading archives of social science data, specializing in data from public opinion surveys.	Roper Center for Public Opinion Research	Cornell University
headquarters location	Alten8 Ltd. is a British video game developer and publisher, with offices in Luton.	Alten8	Luton
headquarters location	Bay State Newspaper Company, based in Somerville, Massachusetts, USA, was a publisher of weekly newspapers in suburbs north of Boston.	Bay State Newspaper Company	Somerville
headquarters location	Kuhn's Quality Foods Markets is a family-owned chain of grocery stores located in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area of the United States.	Kuhn's Quality Foods	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	The New Mexico government has invested approaching $200m (£121m) in the Spaceport America facility, for which Virgin Galactic is the anchor tenant; other commercial space companies also use the site.	Virgin Galactic	New Mexico
headquarters location	Ready at Dawn Studios is an American video game developer located in Irvine, California and is composed of former members of Naughty Dog and Blizzard Entertainment.	Ready at Dawn	Irvine
headquarters location	Dokumental GmbH & Co. KG Schreibfarben is an independent ink manufacturer headquartered in Ludwigshafen/Rhine.	Dokumental	Ludwigshafen
headquarters location	DONG Energy (former names: Dansk Naturgas and Dansk Olie og Naturgas (abbreviated as DONG)) is an integrated energy company based in Fredericia, Denmark.	DONG Energy	Fredericia
headquarters location	Pointr is a startup company based in London who do indoor positioning and navigation utilising iBeacons, which are Bluetooth Low Energy devices formalised by Apple Inc. Pointr have created a GPS-like experience with true position and turn-by-turn navigation that is supported by most modern smartphones operating on both Android and iOS.	Pointr	London
headquarters location	Datavail is a remote database administration provider based in Broomfield, Colorado.	Datavail	Broomfield
headquarters location	The Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front (ZACF, also known as ZabFront or simply as Zabalaza), formerly known as the Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Federation (ZabFed), is a platformist--especifista anarchist political organisation in South Africa, based primarily in Johannesburg.	Zabalaza Anarchist Communist Front	Johannesburg
headquarters location	Catalan Communications was a New York publishing company that existed from 1983 to 1991 and was operated by Bernd Metz (1944-2012), which mainly focused on English-language translations of European graphic novels, presented in a series of high-quality trade paperbacks.	Catalan Communications	New York
headquarters location	A fourth and a fifth Class 56 (56311 & 56312) were hired in from Hanson Traction Ltd. Fastline's base was at Doncaster, Yorkshire.	Fastline	Doncaster
headquarters location	The Carus Publishing Company is a publisher with offices in Chicago, Peru, Illinois, and Peterborough, New Hampshire.	Carus Publishing Company	Chicago
headquarters location	BigMachines is a software company, founded in 2000 by Godard Abel and Christopher Shutts and headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois, United States with development offices in San Mateo, California and Hyderabad, India.	BigMachines	Deerfield
headquarters location	ComicsOne was based in Fremont, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area.	ComicsOne	Fremont
headquarters location	The Vim Comedy Company was a short lived movie studio in Jacksonville, Florida and New York.	Vim Comedy Company	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Nordiska Kompaniet (colloquially NK, and literally The Nordic Company) is the name of two department stores located in Stockholm and Gothenburg, in Sweden.	Nordiska Kompaniet	Stockholm
headquarters location	With over 40 world premiere productions, English language premieres, and second productions of newly-revised plays, Theater J has made new work a key strategy for creating art that speaks to Jewish values and to the issues and concerns of the Washington D.C. community.	Theater J	Washington D.C.
headquarters location	Maveron is a venture capital firm with offices in Seattle and San Francisco that invests in consumer-only businesses centered on technology-enabled products and services in commerce, education, and health and wellness.	Maveron	Seattle
headquarters location	Fabio Perini S.p.A. is a mechanical engineering company established in Lucca, Italy, in 1966 by the inventor/entrepreneur Fabio Perini.	Fabio Perini S.p.A.	Lucca
headquarters location	Grupo Bimbo, S.A.B. de C.V., known as Bimbo, is a Mexican multinational bakery product manufacturing company headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.	Grupo Bimbo	Mexico City
headquarters location	UberConference is a cloud-based conferencing system from Switch Communications, Inc., a privately held company in San Francisco, California.	UberConference	San Francisco
headquarters location	Hornblower Cruises & Events is a San Francisco-based charter yacht, dining cruise and ferry service company.	Hornblower Cruises	San Francisco
headquarters location	GMR Marketing is an engagement marketing advertising agency, which is headquartered in New Berlin, Wisconsin.	GMR Marketing	New Berlin
headquarters location	The Society of Mutual Autopsy (or French: la Société d'autopsie mutuelle) was established on 19 October 1876 by members of the Society of Anthropology of Paris in Paris, France.	Society of Mutual Autopsy	Paris
headquarters location	Genostar is a bioinformatics solution provider based in Grenoble, France.	Genostar	Grenoble
headquarters location	Kitson and Company was a locomotive manufacturer based in Hunslet, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Kitson and Company	Leeds
headquarters location	The Pontificia Fonderia Marinelli (or Marinelli Pontifical Foundry, Marinelli Bell Foundry) is the successor of a bell foundry already at work in Agnone, Italy in 1040.	Pontificia Fonderia Marinelli	Agnone
headquarters location	Amonix, Inc. is a solar power system developer based in Seal Beach, California.	Amonix	Seal Beach, California
headquarters location	The Noorduyn Aircraft Limited, founded by Dutch immigrant Robert B. C. Noorduyn and Walter Clayton, was established in Montreal in 1933 and in early 1934 by taking over the Curtiss-Reid factory in Cartierville, Quebec just outside Montreal, Quebec to being production in 1935 as Noorduyn Aviation.	Noorduyn	Montreal
headquarters location	The Congo-Balolo Mission (CBM) was a British Baptist missionary society that was active in the Belgian Congo, the present day Democratic Republic of the Congo, from 1889 to 1915.	Congo-Balolo Mission	Belgian Congo
headquarters location	Celesc is headquartered in the Santa Catarina capital of Florianópolis.	Celesc	Florianópolis
headquarters location	The National Gallery of Art, and its attached Sculpture Garden, is a national art museum in Washington, D.C., located on the National Mall, between 3rd and 9th Streets, at Constitution Avenue NW.	National Gallery of Art	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	G.W. Scott and Sons was a producer of fine wickerwork crafts, basketry, and luxury leather goods, founded in 1661 in the city of London, England, in the United Kingdom.	G.W. Scott and Sons	London
headquarters location	Norsk Hydro ASA (often referred to as just Hydro) is a Norwegian aluminium and renewable energy company, headquartered in Oslo.	Norsk Hydro	Oslo
headquarters location	ESPN Inc. is an American sports media conglomerate based in Bristol, Connecticut.	ESPN Inc.	Bristol
headquarters location	Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. is a US-based private security company headquartered in Pasadena, California.	Inter-Con Security	Pasadena
headquarters location	Apollo Energy Systems is a U.S. multinational alternative energy corporation headquartered in Pompano Beach, Florida that develops, produces and markets fuel cell power plants, electric propulsion systems, and alternative energy generation equipment.	Apollo Energy Systems	Pompano Beach
headquarters location	Commodore had been reorganized the year before into Commodore International, Ltd., moving its financial headquarters to the Bahamas and its operational headquarters to West Chester, Pennsylvania, near to the MOS Technology site.	Commodore International	West Chester
headquarters location	White Line Hotels Limited is a London-based hospitality group representing 42 hotels essentially in Europe across 16 countries.	White Line Hotels	London
headquarters location	TmaxSoft opened a new R&D center in Seohyeon-dong, Bundang.	TmaxSoft	Bundang
headquarters location	Unicity International is an American international multi-level marketing company, headquartered in Orem, Utah, whose primary product offerings include weight loss products and green tea.	Unicity International	Orem
headquarters location	Conn's Inc. is an electronics, furniture, mattress and appliance store chain headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas, United States.	Conn's	The Woodlands
headquarters location	GSW Immobilien AG, formerly Gemeinnützige Siedlungs- und Wohnungsbaugesellschaft Berlin mbH, is a German real-estate company in Berlin.	GSW Immobilien	Berlin
headquarters location	Hand in Hand International is a registered non-profit organisation based in London, UK.	Hand in Hand International	London
headquarters location	Kion de Mexico, founded in 1994, is an aircraft ground services company and airlines related outsourcing company at Mexico City International Airport.	Kion de Mexico	Mexico City
headquarters location	Headquartered in Pasadena, California, Tetra Tech has 16,000 employees in 400 offices worldwide.	Tetra Tech	Pasadena
headquarters location	International Tea Co. Stores was a leading chain of grocers based in London.	International Tea Co. Stores	London
headquarters location	In 1832 the liqueur and brandy manufacturer was established in Klagenfurt, named after the founder Sebastian Stroh.	Stroh	Klagenfurt
headquarters location	Regent Seven Seas Cruises (RSSC) is a cruise line, formerly known as Radisson Seven Seas Cruises, headquartered in Miami, Florida.	Regent Seven Seas Cruises	Miami
headquarters location	Based in City of Industry, California, UFO Interactive Games is a publisher of interactive video game content, developing on multiple platforms with a focus on original and mass-market gaming software.	UFO Interactive Games	Industry
headquarters location	Thomas Green & Son, Ltd. were engineers who manufactured a wide range of products at the Smithfield Foundry, Leeds, United Kingdom.	Thomas Green & Son	Leeds
headquarters location	Pelargos has several factories across Greece including one 1 km southeast of the centre of Gastouni.	Pelargos	Greece
headquarters location	Agile Software Corporation, was a San Jose, California based company that provided product lifecycle management (PLM) software.	Agile Software Corporation	San Jose
headquarters location	Stadtwerke München GmbH (Munich City Utilities) or SWM is a German communal company, owned by the city of Munich, which offers public services for the city and the region of Munich.	Stadtwerke München	Munich
headquarters location	Tata Power is an Indian electric utility company based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India and is part of the Tata Group.	Tata Power	Mumbai
headquarters location	Angoss Software Corporation, headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, with offices in the United States and UK, is a provider of predictive analytics systems through software licensing and services.	Angoss	Toronto
headquarters location	Gree Electric Appliances Inc. (Chinese: 珠海格力电器股份有限公司) (SZSE: 000651) is a Chinese major appliance manufacturer headquartered in Zhuhai, Guangdong province.	Gree Electric	Zhuhai
headquarters location	In 2005, Tianjin Development split Tianjin Port Development to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.	Tianjin Development	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Engie Energy International, formerly International Power, is a multinational electricity generation company headquartered in London, United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Engie (formerly GDF Suez).	Engie Energy International	London
headquarters location	RagWing Aircraft Designs (also called the RagWing Aeroplane Company and RagWing Aviation) is an American aircraft design and manufacturing company based in Belton, South Carolina.	RagWing Aircraft Designs	Belton, South Carolina
headquarters location	Cruise & Maritime Voyages (CMV) is a passenger shipping company headquartered in Essex, United Kingdom.	Cruise & Maritime Voyages	Essex
headquarters location	Indraprastha Power Generation Co Ltd (IPGCL) is the electricity generation company of the Government of Delhi state in India.	Indraprastha Power Generation	Delhi
headquarters location	Georgia-Pacific LLC is an American pulp and paper company based in Atlanta, Georgia, and is one of the world's leading manufacturers and distributors of tissue, pulp, paper, toilet and paper towel dispensers, packaging, building products and related chemicals.	Georgia-Pacific	Atlanta
headquarters location	Bateaux Mouches (French pronunciation: ​(bato ˈmuʃ)) are open excursion boats that provide visitors to Paris, France, with a view of the city from along the river Seine.	Bateaux Mouches	Paris
headquarters location	Air Mikisew was an airline based in Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada.	Air Mikisew	Fort McMurray
headquarters location	Walt Disney Animation Studios, headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, is an American animation studio that creates animated feature films, short films, and television specials for The Walt Disney Company.	Walt Disney Animation Studios	Burbank
headquarters location	Abbeywood Records is a Canadian independent record label founded in 1999 in Toronto.	Abbeywood Records	Toronto
headquarters location	First Choice Emergency Room is a Flower Mound, Texas-based company that operates freestanding emergency rooms.	First Choice Emergency Room	Flower Mound
headquarters location	Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Corp was a privately held company headquartered in Malibu, California, USA until it was purchased by Dun & Bradstreet in a $320 million deal that closed in May 2015.	Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Corp	Malibu
headquarters location	Majesco Entertainment Company (formerly Majesco Sales, Inc., commonly referred to as just Majesco) is an American video game publisher and distributor founded in 1986, headquartered in Edison, New Jersey, United States.	Majesco	Edison, New Jersey
headquarters location	Long Trail Brewing Company is a regional brewery in Bridgewater Corners, Vermont, USA.	Long Trail Brewing Company	Bridgewater
headquarters location	Galliford Try plc is a British construction company headquartered in London.	Galliford Try	London
headquarters location	Grain Media Ltd is a UK film, television and commercials production company established in 2006 by Jon Drever and Orlando von Einsiedel based in South London.	Grain Media	London
headquarters location	The Segal Group is a benefits and human resources consulting firm headquartered in New York City, with nearly 1,000 employees throughout the U.S. and Canada.	The Segal Group	New York City
headquarters location	The North Dublin Coalition Limited (NorDubCo ) was established in 1996 to facilitate the social, economic and civic development of North Dublin.	NorDubCo	Dublin
headquarters location	PostBank was the trading name of the Post Office Bank Limited, a bank owned by the New Zealand Government.	PostBank	New Zealand
headquarters location	Remontowa (full name: Gdańska Stocznia ``Remontowa'' im. J. Piłsudskiego S.A.) is a shipyard in the Polish city of Gdańsk.	Remontowa	Gdańsk
headquarters location	EnSilica is a design services and IP core company based in Wokingham, UK.	EnSilica	Wokingham
headquarters location	Molycorp Silmet AS is a rare earth processor located in Sillamäe, Estonia.	Silmet	Sillamäe
headquarters location	TEMSA Global is a coach, bus and light truck manufacturer located in Adana, Turkey.	TEMSA	Adana
headquarters location	The Center for Economic Studies (CES) is an independent institute within the Faculty of Economics of the University of Munich (LMU).	Center for Economic Studies	Munich
headquarters location	Abus Kransysteme GmbH is a German hoist and crane manufacturer headquartered in Gummersbach.	Abus Kransysteme	Gummersbach
headquarters location	Meat Products of India Ltd (MPI) is a major Indian meat processing, packaging, and distribution company based in Edayar, Koothattukulam, Kerala.	Meat Products of India	Edayar
headquarters location	The Brand EU Centre (in short, Brand EU) is a London-based pro-EU research and communications centre created and run by think tank Gold Mercury International, to improve the management of the European Union brand.	Brand EU	London
headquarters location	Merseytravel is the passenger transport executive responsible for the coordination of public transport in the Liverpool City Region, North West England.	Merseytravel	Liverpool
headquarters location	ANT1 Group got its start in 1988 when it launched ANT1 Radio 97.2 (and now Easy 97.2), a radio station in Athens.	ANT1 Group	Athens
headquarters location	Tequila Herradura (officially Grupo Industrial Herradura) is a tequila distiller located in Amatitán, Jalisco, Mexico.	Tequila Herradura	Amatitán
headquarters location	Continental Newspapers, formally known as Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd., is a Canadian daily newspaper publisher based in Kelowna, British Columbia.	Continental Newspapers	Kelowna
headquarters location	Eurocreme is a European company based in London, England, that specializes in the production and distribution of gay pornographic films, generally featuring twinks, although it has also released a number of series devoted to studs and men of more diverse appearance.	Eurocreme	London
headquarters location	Loyola University Andalusia (Spanish: Universidad Loyola Andalucía) is a private university seated in Seville, Spain, and with campuses in Seville and Córdoba, that was established for the 2013-14 academic year.	Loyola University Andalusia	Seville
headquarters location	BioDetection Systems (BDS) is a Dutch biotech company based at the Science Park Amsterdam.	BioDetection Systems	Amsterdam
headquarters location	In 2000, Delaware Intercorp moved to its current location in Newark.	Delaware Intercorp	Newark
headquarters location	Bridge US is a San Francisco, California based legal services corporation that offers immigration services and resources in the United States.	Bridge US	San Francisco
headquarters location	Gordon Stanfield Animation (GSA) is an animation service company based in Vancouver, British Columbia with over 20 years of development, pre-production and production experience.	Gordon Stanfield Animation	Vancouver
headquarters location	The Trodat international group of companies has its company headquarters in Wels, Austria.	Trodat	Wels
headquarters location	T-VIPS was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, with a US office in Millburn, New Jersey.	T-VIPS	Oslo
headquarters location	Fubon Financial Holding Co., Ltd. (Chinese: 富邦金融控股股份有限公司(富邦金控)) (TWSE: 2881 LSE: FBND ) are Fubon Asset Management, Fubon Insurance Co. Ltd., Fubon Securities, Fubon Bank (present Taipei Fubon Bank), Fubon Life and Fubon Bank (Hong Kong) Limited decided to jointly form Fubon Financial.	Fubon Financial Holding Co.	Taipei
headquarters location	Nass Corporation B.S.C. (founder and chairman, Abdulla Ahmed Nass) is a Bahraini public joint-stock company established and listed on the Bahrain Stock Exchange in the year 2005, with a paid-up capital of BHD 20 million.	Nass Corporation B.S.C.	Bahrain
headquarters location	BGI (Chinese: 华大基因; pinyin: Huádà Jīyīn), known as the Beijing Genomics Institute prior to 2008, is one of the world's premier genome sequencing centers, headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, China.	Beijing Genomics Institute	Shenzhen
headquarters location	Alpi Eagles SpA was an airline headquartered in Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco, Italy.	Alpi Eagles	Sant'Angelo di Piove di Sacco
headquarters location	Headquartered in Novi Sad, with offices in Belgrade (Serbia), Banja Luka (Bosnia and Herzegovina) and Osijek (Croatia) with over 500 engineers, RT-RK is one of the biggest development houses in Southeast Europe.	RT-RK	Novi Sad
headquarters location	Havyard Group is a Norwegian ship technology company, headquartered in Fosnavåg, Norway.	Havyard Group	Fosnavåg
headquarters location	Evolutions Television, commonly known as Evolutions (or more simply Evos), is a television post-production company in London, England.	Evolutions Television	London
headquarters location	Cognio was headquartered in Germantown, Maryland (near Washington, DC), USA, and had an additional investments that included Avansis Ventures as a fourth round in April 2007, for a total of $30 million.	Cognio	Germantown
headquarters location	Userfarm is a London-based marketing company that specializes in video crowdsourcing.	Userfarm	London
headquarters location	MagNet Bank has a network of 12 branches along its center in the capital Budapest.	MagNet Bank	Budapest
headquarters location	Carolina Power & Light (CP&L), later doing business as Progress Energy Inc., was an electrical generation, transmission, and distribution utility based in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Carolina Power & Light	Raleigh
headquarters location	Neilson and Company was a locomotive manufacturer in Glasgow, Scotland.	Neilson and Company	Glasgow
headquarters location	Sankalp India Foundation is a Bangalore-based non-government organisation.	Sankalp India Foundation	Bangalore
headquarters location	Max Design was an Austrian game developer located in Schladming who developed various games like the Anno series.	Max Design	Schladming
headquarters location	The British Rail Research Division came into being in 1964 directly under the control of the British Railways Board, moving into purpose-built premises at the Railway Technical Centre in Derby.	British Rail Research Division	Railway Technical Centre
headquarters location	SitePoint is a Melbourne, Australia-based website, and publisher of books, courses and articles for web developers.	SitePoint	Melbourne
headquarters location	Stax Records is an American record label, originally based in Memphis, Tennessee.	Stax Records	Memphis
headquarters location	Carrozzeria Barbi is an Italian bus manufacturer, with headquarters in Mirandola, near Modena.	Carrozzeria Barbi	Mirandola
headquarters location	Chappe et Gessalin (CG) was a French automobile maker founded in 1946 which commenced manufacturing complete cars in Brie-Comte-Robert, Seine-et Marne in 1957.	Chappe et Gessalin	Brie-Comte-Robert
headquarters location	Yantai Wanhua Polyurethanes is a subsidiary of the Wanhua Group and is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on the blue chip SSE Composite Index.	Wanhua Group	Yantai
headquarters location	F.X. Matt Brewing Company is an American family-owned brewery at the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains in Utica, New York.	Matt Brewing Company	Utica
headquarters location	Norconsult was founded in 1929, and has its headquarters in Sandvika, just outside Oslo, Norway.	Norconsult	Sandvika
headquarters location	Falcon Air was a cargo and passenger airline based in Malmö, Sweden.	Falcon Air	Malmö
headquarters location	Lonestar Cell is a telecommunications company based in Monrovia, Liberia.	Lonestar Cell	Monrovia
headquarters location	Cole Haan has its headquarters in Greenland, New Hampshire, and its design center in New York City.	Cole Haan	Greenland, New Hampshire
headquarters location	The Gemeinhardt Company is headquartered in Elkhart, Indiana, where many of their instruments are still made.	Gemeinhardt	Elkhart
headquarters location	Fullbeauty Brands is an American plus size women's and men's apparel and home goods holding company based in New York City.	Fullbeauty Brands	New York City
headquarters location	In 2015 violinist Michael Dabroski announced a new Vermont Mozart Festival, Inc. and programs with its Title Sponsor NBT Bank, the City of South Burlington, and partnerships with community supporters including Burlington Country Club, South Burlington Rotary Club and others.	Vermont Mozart Festival	Burlington
headquarters location	Bovis Homes Group plc is a second tier national British housebuilding company based in New Ash Green, Kent.	Bovis Homes Group	New Ash Green
headquarters location	Second Chance Animal Rescue Society (SCARS), founded in 2002 by Sylvia Christiansen and Jan Pysyk, is an Athabasca, Alberta-based volunteer run, Canadian nonprofit rescue society.	Second Chance Animal Rescue Society	Athabasca
headquarters location	Simply Be is a brand of clothing designed by the N Brown Group, headquartered in Manchester.	Simply Be	Manchester
headquarters location	Buckley Aircraft Company was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Wichita, Kansas.	Buckley Aircraft	Wichita
headquarters location	Urban Cultivator is a hydroponics company based in Surrey, British Columbia that creates indoor gardening appliances, which can grow herbs, microgreens, vegetables, and flowers for residences and commercial kitchens.	Urban Cultivator	Surrey
headquarters location	China Netcom, full name China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited (former stock codes: HKEX:0906, NYSE:CN), abbreviated CNC, was a former telecommunication service provider in People's Republic of China.	China Netcom	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Intelenet Global Services is a third-party Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) & contact center provider headquartered in Mumbai, India, backed by Blackstone Group.	Intelenet Global Services	Mumbai
headquarters location	Fluid Components International (FCI), headquartered in San Marcos, California, is a manufacturer of thermal dispersion flow and level measurement instrumentation.	Fluid Components International	San Marcos
headquarters location	Danieli Automation is an Italian company, part of the Danieli Group, located in Buttrio (UD).	Danieli Automation	Buttrio
headquarters location	Autodesk is headquartered in San Rafael, California, and features a gallery of its customers' work in its San Francisco building.	Autodesk	San Rafael
headquarters location	Klopfenstein's was an upscale men's clothing store in the Seattle-Tacoma Metropolitan Area originally founded in 1918 in Tacoma, Washington.	Klopfenstein's	Seattle
headquarters location	Practice Fusion is a free web-based electronic health record (EHR) company founded in 2005, operated and privately owned by Practice Fusion, Inc. in San Francisco, California.	Practice Fusion	San Francisco
headquarters location	Cavender's is a family-owned and operated western wear retail chain based in Tyler, Texas.	Cavender's	Tyler
headquarters location	Gonow (officially Zhejiang Gonow Auto Co., Ltd.) (Chinese: 浙江吉奥汽车有限公司) is a Chinese manufacturer of automobiles, commercial vehicles and SUV's headquartered in Taizhou, Zhejiang and a subsidiary of GAC Group.	Gonow	Taizhou
headquarters location	Crest Marine LLC is a boat manufacturer in Owosso, Michigan which makes Crest Pontoons.	Crest Marine	Owosso, Michigan
headquarters location	Native Earth Performing Arts is a Canadian theatre company located in Toronto.	Native Earth Performing Arts	Toronto
headquarters location	Hawthorne Books is an independent publisher founded in 2001 in Portland, Oregon, U.S., specializing in literary fiction and creative nonfiction original trade paperbacks.	Hawthorne Books	Portland
headquarters location	After pioneering the concept of self-service gasoline in Alabama, Florida, and Georgia, the company relocated its headquarters in 1976 to Atlanta, Georgia, and adopted the brand ``RaceTrac'' for its company-operated stations.	RaceTrac	Atlanta
headquarters location	Primera Air Scandinavia has its headquarters in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Primera Air	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Bahakel Communications, Ltd. is an American communications company based in Charlotte, North Carolina, that is wholly owned and operated by the Bahakel family.	Bahakel Communications	Charlotte
headquarters location	Atuagkat Bookstore (Danish: Atuagkat Boghandel) is a bookstore in Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, located 100 m (330 ft) north of the Katuaq Culture Centre in the Nuuk Centrum.	Atuagkat Bookstore	Nuuk
headquarters location	; they also built the Lighthouse Gold Resort in Balchik Balkanstroy was the construction contractor for projects in Sofia such as the Sky City Mall, the Sky Way 4-star hotel and highway projects.	Balkanstroy	Sofia
headquarters location	Soma Kömür İşletmeleri A.Ş. (Soma Mining Inc.) is a Turkish coal mining company with headquarters in Istanbul, and one of the largest coal producers in the region.	Soma Kömür İşletmeleri A.Ş.	Istanbul
headquarters location	Jamesway was a chain of discount department stores based in Secaucus, New Jersey.	Jamesway	Secaucus, New Jersey
headquarters location	Magpie Recycling is a worker cooperative based in Brighton, England.	Magpie Recycling	Brighton
headquarters location	The Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company (/ˈlaɪnənkuːɡəl/), a subsidiary of SABMiller, is a regional American beermaker based in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, United States.	Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company	Chippewa Falls
headquarters location	Kraš (Croatian pronunciation: (krâʃ)) is a Croatian food company based in Zagreb, specializing in confectionery products.	Kraš	Zagreb
headquarters location	The Yale Political Union (YPU) is a debate society at Yale University, founded in 1934 by Professor Alfred Whitney Griswold.	Yale Political Union	Yale University
headquarters location	DocNetwork is an electronic health record system for camps, child care and schools, based out of Ann Arbor, Michigan.	DocNetwork	Ann Arbor
headquarters location	Andrews Space is an aerospace company based in Seattle, Washington, founded in 1999 to develop space systems.	Andrews Space	Seattle
headquarters location	Talent Zoo was founded in 1996 by Rick Myers in Atlanta, Georgia, and originally began as a traditional off-line recruiting company for advertising agencies.	Talent Zoo	Atlanta
headquarters location	Privateer Holdings is headquartered in Seattle, Washington and is the first firm in the US to focus entirely on cannabis-related companies.	Privateer Holdings	Seattle
headquarters location	DTE Energy Co. is a Detroit, Michigan-based utility incorporated in 1995 involved in the development and management of energy-related businesses and services nationwide.	DTE Energy	Detroit
headquarters location	Sitebrand is an online marketing company based in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.	Sitebrand	Gatineau
headquarters location	Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca, LLP is a law firm with offices in Washington, D.C., New York City, Los Angeles, and Alexandria.	Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca, LLP	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	LeadGenius is a privately held sales outsourcing and data analysis company located in Berkeley, California.	LeadGenius	Berkeley, California
headquarters location	Roger Dubuis was born in Geneva and all of his watches, strongly associated with that culture, are submitted to the quality hallmark of the Poinçon de Genève as well as receiving chronometer certifications.	Roger Dubuis	Geneva
headquarters location	Wolfe Laboratories, Inc. (WLI) is a contract research organization (CRO) headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts.	Wolfe Laboratories	Watertown
headquarters location	Cyberlore Studios was a developer of computer games based in Northampton, Massachusetts, United States.	Cyberlore Studios	Northampton
headquarters location	R+L Carriers is a privately owned American freight shipping company based in Wilmington, Ohio, which grew over the course of 40 years from one truck to a fleet of 21,000 tractors and trailers.	R+L Carriers	Wilmington
headquarters location	Technical Park is an Italian amusement ride manufacturer based in Melara, Rovigo, Veneto, northern Italy.	Technical Park	Melara
headquarters location	Hornbacher's is a supermarket chain that operates seven stores in Fargo, North Dakota, Grand Forks, North Dakota and Moorhead, Minnesota.	Hornbacher's	Moorhead
headquarters location	Studio Harcourt is a photography studio founded in Paris in 1934 by the brothers Lacroix.	Studio Harcourt	Paris
headquarters location	Veracode is an application security company based in Burlington, Massachusetts.	Veracode	Burlington
headquarters location	The company was founded in 1983 as TELES GmbH by Professor Dr.-Ing. Sigram Schindler in close cooperation with the Technical University of Berlin.	TELES	Berlin
headquarters location	The Weather Channel has its headquarters located in Atlanta, Georgia.	The Weather Channel	Atlanta
headquarters location	Laurel Films is an independent Beijing-based production company, operated by producer and screenwriter Fang Li.	Laurel Films	Beijing
headquarters location	ThreatMetrix is a security technology company headquartered in San Jose, California, with offices in New York City, Hong Kong, Sydney, London and Amsterdam.	ThreatMetrix	San Jose
headquarters location	PJP4 is an oilfield services company headquartered in Reynosa, Mexico with operations in more than 8 countries in the Americas.	PJP4	Reynosa
headquarters location	Clear Creek Distillery is a distillery based in Portland, Oregon.	Clear Creek Distillery	Portland
headquarters location	Jilin Yatai Group Company Limited (SSE: 600881) is a private conglomerate enterprise in Changchun, Jilin, China.	Yatai Group	Changchun
headquarters location	Cloudred Multimedia is an interactive design studio located in New York City.	Cloudred	New York City
headquarters location	Metro Newspapers is an American newspaper company based in San Jose, California.	Metro Newspapers	San Jose
headquarters location	DigiNotar was originally set up in 1998 by the Dutch notary Dick Batenburg from Beverwijk and the Koninklijke Notariële Beroepsorganisatie, the national body for Dutch civil law notaries.	DigiNotar	Beverwijk
headquarters location	XMG Studio is a mobile games developer based in Toronto, Canada.	XMG Studio	Toronto
headquarters location	Brookfield Residential Properties Inc. is a land developer and homebuilder in North America with its headquarters in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Brookfield Residential	Calgary
headquarters location	Barclays Investment Bank (trading as Barclays, formerly Barclays Capital or BarCap) is the investment banking division of the British multinational Barclays bank headquartered in London.	Barclays Investment Bank	London
headquarters location	Sedo (an acronym for Search Engine for Domain Offers) is a domain name and website marketplace and domain parking provider based in Cambridge, Massachusetts and Cologne, Germany.	Sedo	Cologne
headquarters location	Spartan Cars was a manufacturer of kit cars based in Pinxton, Derbyshire, United Kingdom, which operated from 1973 to 1995.	Spartan Cars	Pinxton
headquarters location	Unigine Corp is an international software development company with offices in Tomsk, Russia and San Francisco, USA.	Unigine Corp	Tomsk
headquarters location	The Royal Air Force Officer and Aircrew Selection Centre, located at Adastral Hall, RAF Cranwell, is the centre through which every potential RAF officer must go to be selected for Initial Officer Training (IOT).	Officer and Aircrew Selection Centre	Cranwell
headquarters location	Caltagirone Editore S.p.A. is an Fourth Italian Publishing House, based in Rome, Italy, founded in July 1999 (following the purchase of the newspapers Il Messaggero and Il Mattino in 1999).	Caltagirone Editore	Rome
headquarters location	Aspiring Minds Assessment Private Limited is an Indian ``employability evaluation and certification company'', headquartered in Gurgaon with an office in Bangalore and a pan-Indian operational presence.	Aspiring Minds	Gurgaon
headquarters location	The Kühlstein Wagenbau in Berlin-Charlottenburg was a coachbuilding company that produced electric cars from 1898 to 1902.	Kühlstein	Berlin
headquarters location	Mackenzie Esporte Clube (short, just Mackenzie) is a social, recreational and sports club from Belo Horizonte, Brazil.	Mackenzie Esporte Clube	Belo Horizonte
headquarters location	Lagostina was founded in 1901 in Omegna, Province of Verbania, Italy, as a family business initially focusing on stainless steel flatware.	Lagostina	Omegna
headquarters location	Performance Technologies, Inc (NASDAQ: PTIX) was set up in 1981 and now is based in Rochester, New York.	Performance Technologies	Rochester
headquarters location	The Bestattung Wien (English: ``Undertaking Service of Vienna'' ) is Austria's leading funeral director, and one of the largest in Europe.	Bestattung Wien	Vienna
headquarters location	JSC Zarubezhneft is a Russian state-controlled oil company based in Moscow that specializes in exploration, development and operation of oil and gas fields outside Russian territory.	Zarubezhneft	Moscow
headquarters location	Fenway Health, officially named Fenway Community Health Center, Inc., is an LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) health care, research and advocacy organization founded by Northeastern University students and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.	Fenway Health	Boston
headquarters location	The original engineering practice from which the Cardno group evolved commenced operations in Brisbane, Queensland in 1945 as Cardno & Davies, founded by engineers Gerry Cardno and Harold Davies.	Cardno	Brisbane
headquarters location	Gen-Probe was a company based in San Diego, California specializing in Clinical Diagnostics, Blood Screening, Transplant Products and Research Products.	Gen-Probe	San Diego
headquarters location	TBC Bank is a leading Georgian universal bank headquartered in Tbilisi, Georgia.	TBC Bank	Tbilisi
headquarters location	Sticks'n'Sushi is a Copenhagen-based restaurant and take-away chain specializing in sushi and yakitori sticks.	Sticks'n'Sushi	Copenhagen
headquarters location	KRP Properties is a Canadian real estate corporation and business park in Kanata, Ontario, Canada which leases and develops commercial real estate.	KRP Properties	Kanata
headquarters location	MainConcept is a video codec supplier founded in 1993 in Aachen, Germany and a board member of the MPEG Industry Forum.	MainConcept	Aachen
headquarters location	Web Technology Group is a technology consultancy and solutions provider to the UK Public Sector, specialising in the design, build and management of secure, high value and complex web applications, based in London, UK.	Web Technology Group	London
headquarters location	The Steinbeis Foundation is an institute headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany dedicated to the transfer of academic findings and knowledge into the field of business.	Steinbeis Foundation	Stuttgart
headquarters location	Socatel (Société Centrafricaine de Télécommunications) is the leading telecommunications and Internet service provider in the Central African Republic.	Socatel	Central African Republic
headquarters location	AnyJunk is an on demand rubbish clearance company established in October 2004 by ex-investment banker Jason Mohr, with help from a London environmental consultancy London Remade.	AnyJunk	London
headquarters location	Fulton Beer is a brewery in the North Loop area of Minneapolis, USA.	Fulton Beer	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Lumene is a Finnish manufacturer of cosmetics, based in Kauklahti, Espoo.	Lumene	Espoo
headquarters location	The Ripon Society is an American centrist Republican public policy organization based in Washington, D.C. It produces The Ripon Forum, the U.S.'s longest running Republican thought and opinion journal, as well as The Ripon Advance, a daily news publication.	Ripon Society	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Not Just A Label (NJAL) is a London-based global sales platform, virtual showroom and online community that connects independent designers to consumers.	Not Just A Label	London
headquarters location	Crumpler is a bag company with two separately held companies who design and supply different products to their respective markets - the Australian headquarters is in Melbourne, Australia and the European office is in Berlin.	Crumpler	Melbourne	Berlin
headquarters location	Information Builders is a privately held software company, with its headquarters in New York City.	Information Builders	New York City
headquarters location	Boudin Bakery (Anglicized pronunciation: ``bo-DEEN'') is a bakery based in San Francisco, California, known for its sourdough bread (self-proclaimed as the ``Original San Francisco Sourdough French Bread'').	Boudin Bakery	San Francisco
headquarters location	Joseph Enterprises, Inc is a gadget company which is owned by Joseph Pedott and based in San Francisco, California, United States, North America.	Joseph Enterprises	San Francisco
headquarters location	Starobrno Brewery (in Czech: Pivovar Starobrno) is a Czech brewery located in the city of Brno.	Starobrno Brewery	Brno
headquarters location	Nobiskrug is a shipyard located on the Eider River in Rendsburg, Germany, specializing in building luxury yachts.	Nobiskrug	Rendsburg
headquarters location	In addition to their national headquarters in Cotati, California, the Animal Legal Defense Fund maintains an office in Portland, Oregon.	Animal Legal Defense Fund	Cotati
headquarters location	The Bookmill (sometimes ``The Book Mill'') is an independent bookstore in Montague, Massachusetts.	Bookmill	Montague
headquarters location	Rok plc was a British construction company, based in Exeter.	Rok plc	Exeter
headquarters location	The Lightspeed Media Corporation is a company from Glendale, Arizona, founded in 1999 by Steve Lightspeed, alias of Steve Jones, that operates many Internet pornography Web sites and contracts various models.	Lightspeed Media Corporation	Glendale
headquarters location	Bilingual Review Press is based in Tempe, Arizona, at Arizona State University.	Bilingual Review Press	Arizona State University
headquarters location	Three Floyds Brewing is a brewery founded in 1996 by brothers Nick and Simon and their father Mike Floyd in Hammond, Indiana.	Three Floyds Brewing	Hammond
headquarters location	Lotus Cars is based at the former site of RAF Hethel, a World War II airfield in Norfolk.	Lotus Cars	Hethel
headquarters location	Theranos is an American privately-held health-technology and medical-laboratory-services company based in Palo Alto, California.	Theranos	Palo Alto
headquarters location	HubCityLabs is a hackerspace, sometimes called a makerspace, hackspace, hacklab, located in Moncton, Canada.	HubCityLabs	Moncton
headquarters location	Gnar Tapes began releasing solely audio cassette tapes from many Portland based artists, though it has branched out to releasing artists from around the world via cassette, vinyl, digital, and compact disc.	Gnar Tapes	Portland
headquarters location	Concord Pacific Developments is a Canadian residential developer and real estate investment firm with focus on projects in Vancouver, BC and Toronto, ON.	Concord Pacific Developments	Vancouver
headquarters location	The Aultman was a 1901 American automobile manufactured in Canton, Ohio; the light steam carriage, whose makers also built a four-wheel-drive steam truck, was built for only a few years.	Aultman	Canton
headquarters location	The Kronenburg B.V. company is fire-service vehicles manufacturer, based in Wanroij, Netherlands.	Kronenburg B.V.	Wanroij
headquarters location	Diatto was an Italian manufacturing company founded in 1835 in Turin by Guglielmo Diatto to make 'carriages for wealthy customers'.	Diatto	Turin
headquarters location	It was headquartered in Montreal, Canada, in its Maison Alcan complex.	Alcan	Montreal
headquarters location	Helsinki Airport is Finavia's main airport, and a popular transit airport.	Finavia	Helsinki Airport
headquarters location	Brouwerij 't IJ (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌbrʌuʋəˈrɛi ət ɛi); English: The IJ Brewery) is a small brewery in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Brouwerij 't IJ	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Alexander Forbes Group Holdings, commonly referred to as Alexander Forbes is a specialized financial services group with its head office in Sandton, South Africa and business interests in Africa, Europe and the Middle East.	Alexander Forbes Group Holdings	Sandton
headquarters location	The Mannheim Forum is an economic congress organized exclusively by students of the University of Mannheim and is among the largest collegiate events in Germany with more than 500 participants each year.	Mannheim Forum	University of Mannheim
headquarters location	Now, FSE Engineering Group Ltd (FSEE) is the largest E&M Building Services engineering companies in Hong Kong	FSE Engineering Group	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Rupa & Co. (Rupa Publications) is an Indian publishing company based in Kolkata which was founded in 1936 by D. Mehra at College Street in Calcutta.	Rupa & Co.	Kolkata
headquarters location	Atod AB/LG Software AB (also known as 42-Bit AB) was a video game developer located in Helsingborg, Sweden.	Atod	Helsingborg
headquarters location	Schreiber Foods Inc., is a dairy company which produces and distributes natural cheese, process cheese, cream cheese and yogurt It is an employee-owned customer brand dairy company headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin.	Schreiber Foods	Green Bay
headquarters location	The Dom-Hotel is a 5-Star Hotel in Cologne, Germany, located on Roncalliplatz in Innenstadt.	Dom-Hotel	Cologne
headquarters location	Scott Tallon Walker is an architecture practice with its head office in Dublin, Ireland and further offices in London, Galway and Cork.	Scott Tallon Walker	Dublin
headquarters location	Roke Manor Research Limited is a UK company based at Roke Manor in Romsey, Hampshire.	Roke Manor Research	Romsey
headquarters location	Fox Islands Electric Cooperative is a utility cooperative based in Vinalhaven, Maine.	Fox Islands Electric Cooperative	Vinalhaven
headquarters location	Southwestern National Bank (T: 美南銀行, S: 美南银行, P: Měi Nán Yínháng) is a minority owned community bank with headquarters in Chinatown and in Greater Sharpstown in Houston, Texas.	Southwestern National Bank	Houston
headquarters location	Mikroelektronika (Serbian: Микроелектроника д.о.о. Београд) is a company based in Belgrade, Serbia which manufactures and sells microcontroller development boards, accessory boards, compilers, and books.	Mikroelektronika	Belgrade
headquarters location	Aman Futures Group (simply referred as Aman Futures) was an investment and privately held company based in Malaysia with branches in the Philippines.	Aman Futures Group	Malaysia
headquarters location	The Binda Group is an Italian watch, jewelry, leather accessories corporate group founded by Innocente Binda in 1906, headquartered in Milan and headed by brothers Marcello and Simone Binda, grandsons of the founder.	Binda Group	Milan
headquarters location	Land Rovers are currently assembled in the company's Halewood and Solihull plants, with research and development taking place at the Gaydon and Whitley engineering centres.	Land Rover	Gaydon
headquarters location	CZ-USA, based in Kansas City, Kansas, is responsible for the importation and distribution of CZ products in the United States.	CZ-USA	Kansas City
headquarters location	Otter Tail Corporation is an energy company based in Fergus Falls, Minnesota.	Otter Tail Corporation	Fergus Falls
headquarters location	Indieflix, Inc is an independent film distribution and online streaming service based in Seattle, WA.	Indieflix	Seattle
headquarters location	A-Film (in full A-Film Benelux B.V.) was an independent film distributor, based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	A-Film	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Tissuemed is a medical device developer and manufacturer based in Leeds, UK.	Tissuemed	Leeds
headquarters location	Mountain Rose Herbs is an American herbal distribution retailer based in Eugene, Oregon and founded in 1987.	Mountain Rose Herbs	Eugene
headquarters location	Compagnie Électro-Mécanique (CEM) was a French electrical engineering manufacturer based in Paris, Le Havre, Lyon, Le Bourget, Nancy, Dijon.	Compagnie Électro-Mécanique	Paris
headquarters location	The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) is an Indian stock exchange located at Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Bombay Stock Exchange	Mumbai
headquarters location	Crazy John's applied for an injunction in the Federal Court in Melbourne to prevent Telstra from going ahead with this second demand.	Crazy John's	Melbourne
headquarters location	MocoSpace is one of a number of Boston-area startups focusing on developing applications for the mobile web.	MocoSpace	Boston
headquarters location	Federal Premium Ammunition, a wholly owned subsidiary of Vista Outdoor Inc., is located in Anoka, Minnesota.	Federal Premium Ammunition	Anoka
headquarters location	VyStar Credit Union, based in Jacksonville, FL, is one of the largest credit unions in the nation, serving more than 500,000 members worldwide.	VyStar Credit Union	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Workman, Clark and Company was a shipbuilding company based in Belfast.	Workman, Clark and Company	Belfast
headquarters location	Today Weigel's Farm Stores, Inc. operates more than 60 dairy and convenience stores, all within a 50-mile (80 km) radius of corporate headquarters in Powell, Tennessee.	Weigel's	Powell, Tennessee
headquarters location	The Canons Regular of the New Jerusalem is a clerical Institute of Consecrated Life in the Catholic Church, founded in 2002 in the Diocese of La Crosse, Wisconsin, and currently located in Charles Town, West Virginia after a period in Chesterfield, Missouri in the Archdiocese of Saint Louis, in the United States.	Canons Regular of the New Jerusalem	Charles Town
headquarters location	Astaldi SpA is an Italian multinational major construction company based in Rome, Italy.	Astaldi	Rome
headquarters location	Kemira GrowHow is a fertilizer producer headquartered in downtown Helsinki, Finland.	Kemira GrowHow	Helsinki
headquarters location	HotelsCombined is a hotel metasearch engine founded in 2005, with headquarters in Sydney, Australia.	HotelsCombined	Sydney
headquarters location	Embotelladora Don Jorge S.A.C. is a corporation involved in the manufacturing, distribution and marketing of nonalcoholic and alcoholic beverages based in Lima, Peru.	Don Jorge	Lima
headquarters location	Recycled Paper Greetings, Inc. (RPG) is a Chicago-based greeting card company founded by Phil Friedmann and Mike Keiser in 1971.	Recycled Paper Greetings	Chicago
headquarters location	Viacom 18 Media Pvt. Limited founded in November 2007 is a 50/50 joint venture operation in India between Viacom and the Network 18 Group based in Mumbai.	Viacom 18	Mumbai
headquarters location	Swayne & Hoyt Lines was an American steamship company based in San Francisco, California, and in operation from the late 1890s to the late 1930s.	Swayne & Hoyt Lines	San Francisco
headquarters location	Parascender Technologies, Inc. (usually just referred to as Parascender) was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Kissimmee, Florida, founded by RB Brady and Teri Brady in 1989.	Parascender Technologies	Kissimmee
headquarters location	Don and Alice Schenker started The Print Mint as a picture-framing shop and retailer of posters and fine art reproductions on Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley, California, in December 1965, originally sharing a store with Moe's Books, but later on moving into a separate location down the block.	Print Mint	Berkeley, California
headquarters location	Enterprise plc was a support services company originally based in Farington in Lancashire, England.	Enterprise plc	Farington
headquarters location	Cash America International, Inc. is a Fort Worth, Texas, retailer which operates 859 (as of January 2015) pawn shops in the United States.	Cash America International	Fort Worth
headquarters location	Berklee College of Music, located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, is the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world.	Berklee College of Music	Boston
headquarters location	Choppies is a Botswana multinational grocery and general merchandise retailer headquartered in Gaborone, Botswana.	Choppies	Gaborone
headquarters location	The Game Creators, Ltd. (often stylised ``tgc'') is a British game development software company formed through a partnership between programmer Lee Bamber and Rick Vanner in 1999, located in Macclesfield, Cheshire, United Kingdom.	The Game Creators	Macclesfield
headquarters location	Bergdorf Goodman is a luxury goods department store based on Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan in New York City.	Bergdorf Goodman	New York City
headquarters location	Hi-ReS! or Handsome information - Radical entertainment Systems! is a London-based design and digital marketing firm known for its elaborate commissioned websites.	Hi-ReS!	London
headquarters location	Tharangini Records (currently Tharangni) is the music company founded by noted Indian Playback singer K. J. Yesudas in 1980 at Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.	Tharangini Records	Thiruvananthapuram
headquarters location	SANAA (Sejima and Nishizawa and Associates) is a multiple award-winning architectural firm based in Tokyo, Japan.	SANAA	Tokyo
headquarters location	Crawfish Interactive was a video games developer based in Croydon, United Kingdom.	Crawfish Interactive	Croydon
headquarters location	Valrhona is a French premium chocolate manufacturer based in the small town of Tain-l'Hermitage in Hermitage, a wine-growing district near Lyon.	Valrhona	Tain-l'Hermitage
headquarters location	Hoshino Impul Co., Ltd., (known as Impul) is a Japanese automotive aftermarket company based in Setagaya-ku, Tokyo.	Impul	Setagaya-ku
headquarters location	Wine Country Broadcasting Company is a small San Francisco, California, United States, based radio broadcasting company that owns radio stations in Napa and Saint Helena, a broadcast translator in Calistoga, and repeater in Cordelia, California.	Wine Country Broadcasting	San Francisco
headquarters location	Manimal Vinyl is a Los Angeles based record label founded in 2006 by experimental musician and fashion stylist, Paul Beahan.	Manimal Vinyl	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Agderfly AS was a flight school and airline based in Kristiansand, Norway, which operated from 1966 to 2004.	Agderfly	Kristiansand
headquarters location	CoreStates Financial Corporation, previously known as Philadelphia National Bank (PNB), was a United States bank holding company in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, metropolitan area.	CoreStates Financial Corporation	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Weston Williamson is a British architectural firm formed in 1985 and based in London.	Weston Williamson	London
headquarters location	Reliance Communications Ltd. (RCOM) is an Indian Internet access and telecommunications company headquartered in Navi Mumbai, India.	Reliance Communications	Mumbai
headquarters location	The Softwarepark Hagenberg is the Austrian technology park for software, located in Hagenberg im Mühlkreis, Austria, founded in 1989 by Professor Bruno Buchberger.	Softwarepark Hagenberg	Hagenberg im Mühlkreis
headquarters location	WuXi PharmaTech (pronounced WOO-shee) is a research and development (R&D) services company headquartered in Shanghai, with operations in China and the United States.	WuXi PharmaTech	Shanghai
headquarters location	Alliance Fiber Optic Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:AFOP) was set up in 1995 and now is based in Sunnyvale, California.	Alliance Fiber Optic Products	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	AddThis is a media web-tracking technology company based in Vienna, Virginia, United States.	AddThis	Vienna
headquarters location	Olan Mills, Inc. was a privately owned American company founded in 1932 by Olan Mills Sr. and Mary Mills headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee that provided portrait photography and church directories through its two main corporate divisions:	Olan Mills	Chattanooga
headquarters location	Mekong Auto Corporation headquartered in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, is a car manufacturer and assembler founded in 1991.	Mekong Auto	Ho Chi Minh City
headquarters location	ARX (Algorithmic Research Ltd.) is a digital security company headquartered in San Francisco, CA, with offices in the UK, the Netherlands, Australia and Israel.	ARX (Algorithmic Research Ltd.)	San Francisco
headquarters location	Microfinance Focus is an English-language microfinance international online news media and publication company based in Bangalore, India.	Microfinance Focus	Bangalore
headquarters location	The Max Planck Institute for Comparative and International Private Law (Max-Planck-Institut für ausländisches und internationales Privatrecht, MPIPRIV) is a legal research institute located in Hamburg, Germany.	Max Planck Institute for Comparative and International Private Law	Hamburg
headquarters location	Lifeboat Distribution is a multinational value added distributor based in Shrewsbury, New Jersey and has locations in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and Almere near Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Lifeboat Distribution	Shrewsbury, New Jersey
headquarters location	Bank Pundi Indonesia, headquartered in Jakarta, is a bank focusing on micro-enterprises and small and medium enterprises.	Bank Pundi Indonesia	Jakarta
headquarters location	Pier 1 Imports Inc. is a Fort Worth, Texas--based retailer specializing in imported home furnishings and decor, particularly furniture, table-top items, decorative accessories, and seasonal decor.	Pier 1 Imports	Fort Worth
headquarters location	Y.O Concept is a French racecar constructor based in Cornillé, Brittany.	Y.O Concept	Cornillé
headquarters location	Delticom AG is a listed company based in Hanover.	Delticom	Hanover
headquarters location	Benefit Cosmetics LLC is a manufacturer of cosmetics founded and headquartered in San Francisco, California selling at over 2,000 counters in more than 30 countries.	Benefit Cosmetics	San Francisco
headquarters location	Metropolitan Brewing is a brewery located in Chicago, Illinois that was founded in 2008 by (former) husband and wife team Doug Hurst and Tracy Hurst.	Metropolitan Brewing	Chicago
headquarters location	Three Chimneys Farm is an American thoroughbred race horse breeding farm in Midway, Kentucky established in 1972 by Mr. & Mrs. Robert N. Clay.	Three Chimneys Farm	Midway, Kentucky
headquarters location	Vedior N.V. was an international staffing services company providing flexible labour, based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and, thus, contributes more than 60% of its revenue to the social benefits of its employees there.	Vedior	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Compañía Nacional de Chocolates de Perú S.A. (English: National Chocolates Company of Peru) is a food and beverage company headquartered in Lima, Peru.	Compañía Nacional de Chocolates de Perú S.A.	Lima
headquarters location	Omninet is headquartered in Eckental Germany in the region of Nuremberg.	Omninet	Eckental
headquarters location	Hindustan Shipyard Limited (HSL) is a shipyard located in Visakhapatnam on the east coast of India.	Hindustan Shipyard	Visakhapatnam
headquarters location	On August 6, 2014, Red Lobster announced their new headquarters location in CNL Center City Commons in Orlando, Florida,.	Red Lobster	CNL Center City Commons
headquarters location	WMF Group (``formerly known as Württembergische Metallwarenfabrik'') is a German tableware manufacturer, founded in 1853 in Geislingen an der Steige by the miller Daniel Straub and the brothers Schweizer.	WMF Group	Geislingen an der Steige
headquarters location	Yash Birla Group is Indian industrial conglomerate group based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Yash Birla Group	Mumbai
headquarters location	The Alnatura Produktions- und Handels GmbH is a chain of organic food supermarkets headquartered in Bickenbach, Hesse in Germany.	Alnatura	Bickenbach, Hesse
headquarters location	LibanPost is the national post office of Lebanon.	LibanPost	Lebanon
headquarters location	The United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), French/Spanish/Portuguese acronym ONUDI, is a specialized agency in the United Nations system, headquartered in Vienna, Austria.	United Nations Industrial Development Organization	Vienna
headquarters location	Alter és Kiss was a leading fashion house in Central Europe which began in 1829 in Budapest, Hungary, producing tailor-made clothing for high society, including the Viennese royal family.	Alter és Kiss	Budapest
headquarters location	Founded in 1886 in Paris, Fauchon is an international gourmet food company, which sells a wide range of own-brand products including delicatessen, cakes and pastry, breads, confectionery.	Fauchon	Paris
headquarters location	The Locanto Classifieds sites are operated by the German startup company Yalwa located in Wiesbaden, Germany.	Locanto	Wiesbaden
headquarters location	Illwinter Game Design (formerly Bogus) is the name of a small software company in Sweden composed of Johan Karlsson and Kristoffer Osterman.	Illwinter Game Design	Sweden
headquarters location	Pink International Company (full legal name: Preduzeće za informisanje i marketing Pink International Company d.o.o. Beograd) is a Serbian media company headquartered in Belgrade.	Pink International Company	Belgrade
headquarters location	Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas, Inc (TMMTX) is an automobile production subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation based in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas	San Antonio
headquarters location	Omnicom Group, Inc. is an American-based global marketing and corporate communications holding company, headquartered in New York City.	Omnicom Group	New York City
headquarters location	Octopus Holdings Limited (Chinese: 八達通控股有限公司) is a holding company based in Hong Kong jointly owned by five major transport companies in the city.	Octopus Holdings Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Bindomatic AB is a company registered in Sweden and with head office in Stockholm.	Bindomatic	Stockholm
headquarters location	Sequoia Capital is an American venture capital firm located in Menlo Park, California, United States.	Sequoia Capital	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Maxim Power Corp. (TSX: MXG) is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and owns and operates generating facilities in Canada, United States and France.	Maxim Power	Calgary
headquarters location	Heinrich Lanz AG was an agricultural machinery manufacturer from Mannheim, Germany.	Heinrich Lanz AG	Mannheim
headquarters location	The School of Advanced Military Studies (SAMS) is one of four United States Army schools that make up the United States Army Command and General Staff College (CGSC) at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.	School of Advanced Military Studies	Fort Leavenworth
headquarters location	Wally Heider Studios was a recording studio in San Francisco, California between 1969 and 1980, started by recording engineer and studio owner Wally Heider.	Wally Heider Studios	San Francisco
headquarters location	John Lobb Bootmaker has been in business since 1866 in London and 1902 in Paris.	John Lobb Bootmaker	London
headquarters location	PowerFX is a small recording company, based in Stockholm, Sweden.	PowerFX	Stockholm
headquarters location	Elephants Delicatessen is a local delicatessen and catering company based in Portland, Oregon, in the United States, established in 1979.	Elephants Delicatessen	Portland
headquarters location	Headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan, GFS Canada distributes fresh foods, canned and dry foods, fresh and frozen meats, seafood and poultry, imported special orders, equipment, supplies and much more.	GFS Canada	Grand Rapids
headquarters location	The Acme Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Rockford, Illinois, founded in 1928.	Acme Aircraft Corporation	Rockford
headquarters location	Headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana, Acadian Ambulance maintains a fleet of more than 400 ground ambulances, as well as eight medical transport helicopters and five fixed-wing aircraft that provide aerial transport to medical facilities.	Acadian Ambulance	Lafayette
headquarters location	Nexaweb is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts with sales and service offices in Japan and the Netherlands.	Nexaweb	Burlington
headquarters location	In 1986 Harmonia Mundi (France) moved to Arles, France.	Harmonia Mundi	Arles
headquarters location	Ludia, a member of the FremantleMedia family, is a Canadian video game developer based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that creates and distributes cross-platform digital games with mass consumer appeal.	Ludia	Montreal
headquarters location	Gummer and Ford was an architectural firm founded in 1923 in Auckland, New Zealand by William Henry Gummer and Charles Reginald Ford.	Gummer and Ford	Auckland
headquarters location	Carrozzeria Touring Superleggera is an automobile coachbuilder established on 25 March 1926 in Milan, Italy by Felice Bianchi Anderloni (1882--1948) and Gaetano Ponzoni.	Carrozzeria Touring Superleggera	Milan
headquarters location	Molina Healthcare (NYSE: MOH) is a managed care company headquartered in Long Beach, California, United States.	Molina Healthcare	Long Beach
headquarters location	Comerica, Inc. is an American financial services company founded in Detroit, Michigan and currently headquartered in Dallas, Texas.	Comerica	Detroit	Dallas
headquarters location	Ninetowns Internet Technology Group Company Limited was set up in 1995 and now is based in Beijing, China, providing enterprise online software.	Ninetowns Internet Technology Group	Beijing
headquarters location	At the Fairs in Helsinki in 1950, Karhula-Iittala was awarded gold for their products and the public voted Tapio Wirkkala's Kantarelli as the most beautiful object at the exhibition.	Iittala	Helsinki
headquarters location	Off Color Brewing is an American craft beer brewery in the Logan Square neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.	Off Color Brewing	Chicago
headquarters location	Whessoe is a company based in Darlington and on Teesside in North East England.	Whessoe	Darlington
headquarters location	Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH is a privately owned enterprise located in Traunreut, Germany that manufactures numerical controls for machine tools, as well as mechatronic measuring devices for length and angle.	Heidenhain	Traunreut
headquarters location	Fabrika reznog alata (abbr. FRA; full legal name: Akcionarsko društvo Fabrika reznog alata Čačak) is a Serbian tool manufacturing company.	Fabrika reznog alata	Čačak
headquarters location	Marco's Pizza, operated by Marco's Franchising, LLC, is a restaurant chain and interstate franchise based in Toledo, Ohio that specializes in Italian-American cuisine.	Marco's Pizza	Toledo
headquarters location	Raleigh Haberdasher, more commonly called Raleigh's, was a high end, local men's and women's furnishings store based in Washington, D.C.	Raleigh Haberdasher	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Gabe's, formerly Gabriel Brothers, Inc., founded in 1961, is a private discount fashion retailer headquartered in Morgantown, West Virginia, USA.	Gabe's	Morgantown
headquarters location	PC World's company name is IDG Consumer & SMB, and it is headquartered in San Francisco.	PC World	San Francisco
headquarters location	Cranberry Production is a continuation of 4HEAD Studios, a Hanover-based game development company founded in 1997 by Lars Martensen and Tobias Severin.	Cranberry Production	Hanover
headquarters location	Founded in 2003, Glass Lewis is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in New York, Washington DC, Ireland, Germany and Australia.	Glass Lewis	San Francisco
headquarters location	Aleutia Computers Ltd. (pronounced al-oo-sha) is a privately owned computer manufacturer based in London, United Kingdom.	Aleutia	London
headquarters location	United Commercial Bank (Chinese: 聯合銀行) was an overseas Chinese bank in the United States, based in San Francisco, California.	United Commercial Bank	San Francisco
headquarters location	Wirtualna Polska was created by Leszek Bogdanowicz, Damian Woźniak, Marek Borzetowski and Jacek Kawalec at Politechnika Gdańska in Gdańsk, who met each other via the Internet.	Wirtualna Polska	Gdańsk
headquarters location	Fantasy Productions Medienvertriebsgesellschaft GmbH (aka FanPro) is a German publishing company based in Erkrath.	Fantasy Productions	Erkrath
headquarters location	The Seoudi Group is an Egyptian automobile manufacturer which was founded in 1975 with its current head office in Cairo.	Seoudi Group	Cairo
headquarters location	Kerala State Financial Enterprises Limited (KSFE) is a public sector non-banking financial company based in Thrissur city, Kerala, India.	Kerala State Financial Enterprises	Thrissur
headquarters location	Hitachi Consulting Corporation is an international management and technology consulting firm with headquarters in Dallas, Texas.	Hitachi Consulting	Dallas
headquarters location	Charles' Southern Style Kitchen, a.k.a. Charles' Pan Fried Chicken, is a soul food and Southern Food restaurant located at 308 Lenox Avenue (between 125th & 126th Streets), in Harlem in Manhattan, in New York City.	Charles' Southern Style Kitchen	New York City
headquarters location	Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) is a professional sports and commercial real estate company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment	Toronto
headquarters location	Plantify.co.uk is an online plant shop based in Windsor, Berkshire (UK) that sells a wide variety of herbaceous and perennial plants.	Plantify	Windsor
headquarters location	Rosecrance is a private, not-for-profit behavioral health organization based in Rockford, Illinois.	Rosecrance	Rockford
headquarters location	Petco Animal Supplies is a privately held pet retailer in the United States, with corporate offices in San Diego and San Antonio, that sells pets as well as pet products and services.	Petco	San Diego
headquarters location	Interdata, Inc., was a computer company, founded in 1966 and based in Oceanport, New Jersey, that produced a line of 16- and 32-bit minicomputers.	Interdata	Oceanport, New Jersey
headquarters location	The Hirschsprung Collection (Danish: Den Hirschsprungske Samling) is an art museum located on Stockholmsgade in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hirschsprung Collection	Stockholmsgade
headquarters location	Cornell University (/kɔːrˈnɛl/ kor-NEL) is an American private Ivy League and federal land-grant research university located in Ithaca, New York.	Cornell University	Ithaca, New York
headquarters location	GMR Group is an infrastructural company headquartered in Bangalore.	GMR Group	Bangalore
headquarters location	James Hardie Industries Ltd. is an industrial building materials company headquartered in Ireland and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange which specialises in fibre cement products.	James Hardie	Ireland
headquarters location	Rogers Wireless is a Canadian wireless telephone company headquartered in Toronto, providing service nationally throughout Canada.	Rogers Wireless	Toronto
headquarters location	Funnelback's headquarters and research and development is based in Canberra, with additional offices in Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Hobart, Adelaide, London, New York, Wellington, Edinburgh and Szczecin.	Funnelback	Canberra
headquarters location	Bincho, also known as Bincho Yakitori, is a London-based Japanese restaurant styled on the traditional izakayas found throughout Japan.	Bincho	London
headquarters location	National Company of Lignite Oltenia (Romanian: Societatea Naţională a Lignitului Oltenia - SNLO) Târgu-Jiu was set up as a commercial society by the Government of Romania in 1997.	National Company of Lignite Oltenia	Târgu-Jiu
headquarters location	International Textile Group (ITG) (OTCQB: ITXN) is a diversified American fabric maker based in Greensboro, North Carolina.	International Textile Group	Greensboro
headquarters location	Oregon Chai is an American beverage company based in Portland, Oregon.	Oregon Chai	Portland
headquarters location	Hawaii State Federal Credit Union (HSFCU) is a federally chartered credit union headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).	Hawaii State Federal Credit Union	Honolulu
headquarters location	Following the financial difficulties of British Energy in the Fall of 2002, the LLP became a wholly Canadian-owned Limited Partnership on Feb. 14, 2003 In May 2001, Bruce Power became the licensed operator of the Bruce Nuclear Generating Station in Tiverton, Ontario, acquiring the sites from the defunct Ontario Hydro.	Bruce Power	Tiverton, Ontario
headquarters location	Helsana AG, headquartered in Dübendorf, is a major Swiss health insurance company.	Helsana	Dübendorf
headquarters location	Autodesk Media and Entertainment, including the former company Discreet Logic, is based in Montreal, Quebec as the entertainment division of Autodesk.	Autodesk Media and Entertainment	Montreal
headquarters location	Countable Corp. is a San Francisco based technology startup company.	Countable Corp.	San Francisco
headquarters location	Yellow Rat Bastard is the flagship establishment in a chain of New York City retail clothing stores owned by Henry Ishay.	Yellow Rat Bastard	New York City
headquarters location	Timeform Publications is a publishing company in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England founded in 1948 to provide information to fans, bettors, and others involved in the horse racing industry.	Timeform	Halifax
headquarters location	San Juan Cable LLC (d/b/a OneLink Communications) was a triple player telecommunications company that provided broadband Internet access, VoIP, and television services in Puerto Rico.	OneLink Communications	San Juan
headquarters location	The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) is a European Union financial regulatory institution and European Supervisory Authority, located in Paris.	European Securities and Markets Authority	Paris
headquarters location	Tigar Tyres (full legal name: Preduzeće za proizvodnju guma Tigar Tyres d.o.o. Pirot) is a Serbian tire manufacturing company based in Pirot, Serbia.	Tigar Tyres	Pirot
headquarters location	Temple Street Productions is a Canadian television, film and digital media production company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Temple Street Productions	Toronto
headquarters location	California State University, Northridge (also known as CSUN) is a public university in the Northridge neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States, in the San Fernando Valley.	California State University, Northridge	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Westermann Verlag (English: ``Westermann Publishing'') is a German publishing firm, founded in the 19th century in Braunschweig, Duchy of Brunswick by George Westermann (23 February 1810 in Leipzig; 7 September 1879 in Wiesbaden).	Westermann Verlag	Braunschweig
headquarters location	Voipfone is a UK (London) based Internet Telephone Service (VoIP) provided by iNet Telecoms Ltd, which was founded in 2004 by Lee Rose.	Voipfone	London
headquarters location	The Balboa Amusement Producing Company (also known as Balboa Studios) was a film production company in Long Beach, California from 1913 to 1918 that produced more than 240 films.	Balboa Amusement Producing Company	Long Beach
headquarters location	Air Guinea was a short-lived airline based in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea.	Air Guinea	Malabo
headquarters location	MG Sports and Racing Europe Limited was a British automotive company based in Eardiston, Tenbury Wells in Worcestershire.	MG Sports and Racing Europe	Eardiston
headquarters location	Severnaya Verf (Northern Shipyard) is a shipyard in Saint Petersburg, Russia and a major shipyard producing both naval and civilian ships.	Severnaya Verf	Saint Petersburg
headquarters location	Zamil Industrial Investment Co. (Zamil Industrial) (Arabic: شركة الزامل للاستثمار الصناعي‎ ) is a publicly listed company based in Dammam, Saudi Arabia.	Zamil Industrial	Dammam
headquarters location	Based in Santa Monica, California, Myriad Pictures is a leading independent entertainment company specializing in production, financing and worldwide distribution of feature films and television programming.	Myriad Pictures	Santa Monica
headquarters location	Harpoon Brewery is an American brewery, with plants in Boston, Massachusetts and Windsor, Vermont.	Harpoon Brewery	Boston
headquarters location	Miljonlotteriet is situated in Mölnlycke, Sweden and has 60 employees.	Miljonlotteriet	Mölnlycke
headquarters location	Kantega is a Norwegian software corporation founded in 2003 with headquarters in Oslo.	Kantega	Oslo
headquarters location	Cascade AIDS Project (CAP) is a nonprofit organization based in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	Cascade AIDS Project	Portland
headquarters location	Radomir Jovanovic founded SPiDCOM in September 2002 as subsidiary to a group that included ELSYS Design in Paris, where the initial project started.	SPiDCOM	Paris
headquarters location	SiriusDecisions, Inc. is a global B2B research and advisory firm with headquarters in Wilton, Connecticut.	SiriusDecisions	Wilton
headquarters location	Fan Milk has sister companies in Ghana, Senegal, Togo, Benin, Burkina Faso and Code d'Ivoire.	Fan Milk	Ghana
headquarters location	Cyclone Studios was an American video game developer and publisher based in the San Mateo, California.It developed several titles for the 3DO Console and later PC.	Cyclone Studios	San Mateo
headquarters location	Jyothy Laboratories Ltd (BSE: 532926, NSE: JYOTHYLAB) is a Mumbai-based fast-moving consumer goods company founded in 1983.	Jyothy Laboratories	Mumbai
headquarters location	Sequans Communications (NYSE: SQNS) is fabless 4G chip company based in Paris, France with offices in the United States, United Kingdom, Israel, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea, and China.	Sequans	Paris
headquarters location	Avalon International Breads is a bakery located in Detroit, Michigan, that produces a wide variety of baked goods, including breads, rolls, pizzas, cookies, and pastries, as well as sandwiches and coffee.	Avalon International Breads	Detroit
headquarters location	The High-Tech Gründerfonds (or HTGF) is a public-private venture capital investment firm based in Bonn, Germany.	High-Tech Gründerfonds	Bonn
headquarters location	Fantasy Flight Games (FFG) is a game company based in Roseville, Minnesota, United States, that creates and publishes role-playing, board, and card games.	Fantasy Flight Games	Roseville
headquarters location	Ennead Architects LLP is a New York City-based architectural firm.	Ennead Architects	New York City
headquarters location	The Attic Entertainment Software GmbH was a German video game developer and publisher that was founded in September 1990 by Hans-Jürgen Brändle, Jochen Hamma and Guido Henkel in Albstadt, Baden-Württemberg.	Attic Entertainment Software	Albstadt
headquarters location	Teledyne Turbine Engines (TTE) is a turbine engine manufacturer located in Toledo, Ohio.	Teledyne Turbine Engines	Toledo
headquarters location	Del-Fi Records was an American record label based in Hollywood, California and owned by Bob Keane.	Del-Fi Records	Hollywood
headquarters location	Women Wise is a new media production company based in Toronto, Canada whose corporate culture and goals are centered on encouraging women to become involved with new technology.	Women Wise	Toronto
headquarters location	Framepool is a stock footage agency, based in Munich, Germany with subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, USA and offices in France, Spain.	Framepool	Munich
headquarters location	Leading Edge Aviation Services is an FAA-certified Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (``MRO'') company based in Costa Mesa, CA.	Leading Edge Aviation Services	Costa Mesa
headquarters location	Unplugged Cities was founded in Minneapolis, Minnesota on January 2005.	Unplugged Cities	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Plant Delights Nursery is a mail order plant nursery based in Raleigh, North Carolina, specializing in herbaceous perennials, and owned by Tony Avent and partner Anita Avent.	Plant Delights Nursery	Raleigh
headquarters location	Azendoo is a web-based collaborative task management software founded in Bordeaux, France in December 2010 by Benoit Droulin, Christophe Gagin and Grégory Lefort.	Azendoo	Bordeaux
headquarters location	Tagged is a social discovery website based in San Francisco, California, founded in 2004.	Tagged	San Francisco
headquarters location	TCF Bank is the wholly owned banking subsidiary of TCF Financial Corporation, a bank holding company headquartered in Wayzata, Minnesota.	TCF Bank	Wayzata
headquarters location	Scottrade is a privately owned American discount retail brokerage firm headquartered in Town and Country, Missouri.	Scottrade	Town and Country
headquarters location	Kenton Hills Porcelains are high-fired soft paste porcelain products manufactured by Kenton Hills Porcelains, Inc. The company operated from 1940 to 1943 in Erlanger, Kentucky.	Kenton Hills Porcelains	Erlanger
headquarters location	The American Economic Association (AEA) is a learned society in the field of economics, headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.	American Economic Association	Nashville
headquarters location	Traveling Spoon is a San Francisco, California-based food tourism startup company that connects travelers with local hosts who prepare homemade local cuisine in their homes.	Traveling Spoon	San Francisco
headquarters location	Flexform SpA is an Italian company with its head office in Meda, Italy, at the centre of the furniture production district of La Brianza.	Flexform	Meda
headquarters location	VSTEP B.V. or VSTEP, is a virtual training and simulation developer located in Rotterdam, The Netherlands, and one of the developers in the European virtual training & simulation industry.	VSTEP	Rotterdam
headquarters location	The John William Pope Foundation is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) private charitable foundation based in Raleigh, North Carolina, that contributes to conservative public policy organizations and think tanks, educational institutions, humanitarian charities, and the arts.	John William Pope Foundation	Raleigh
headquarters location	Hamilton Bradshaw is a mid-market private equity firm with headquarters in London, England.	Hamilton Bradshaw	London
headquarters location	Shafer Valve Company is a Mansfield, Ohio-based manufacturer and distributor of piping products, specialising in the gas pipeline and water pumping industries.	Shafer Valve Company	Mansfield
headquarters location	The Circus Drive-In is a fast food hamburger drive-in restaurant located in Wall Township, New Jersey.	Circus Drive-In	Wall Township, New Jersey
headquarters location	SBA Communications Corporation was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida.	SBA Communications	Boca Raton
headquarters location	RiverSoft plc was a publicly limited company listed on the London Stock Exchange, in 2000.	RiverSoft	London
headquarters location	Telefunken was a German radio and television apparatus company, founded in Berlin in 1903, as a joint venture of Siemens & Halske and the Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft (AEG) (General Electricity Company).	Telefunken	Berlin
headquarters location	Adcash is a worldwide advertising platform based in Tallinn, Estonia, As of 2014, the Adcash platform delivered advertising content to hundreds of millions unique visitors each day through its network of over 100,000 websites and mobile applications.	Adcash	Tallinn
headquarters location	Alteon WebSystems Incorporated, originally known as Alteon Networks, was a computer network hardware company based in San Jose, California.	Alteon WebSystems	San Jose
headquarters location	It is named after Westfalia-Werke, the contractor that built the vans, which is headquartered in the town of Rheda-Wiedenbrück, located in the Westphalia region of Germany.	Westfalia	Rheda-Wiedenbrück
headquarters location	In October 2014, the company changed its name from Aastrom Bio to Vericel and relocated its headquarters from Ann Arbor, Michigan to Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Vericel	Cambridge
headquarters location	Vasant Vyakhyanmala is a traditional annual spring lecture series held in Pune, India, for the last 140 years and hosted by Vaktruttvottejak Sabha.Vaktruttvottejak Sabha was founded by Mahadev Govind Ranade in 1875.The idea was to present a variety of lectures, across various topics to the people.	Vasant Vyakhyanmala	Pune
headquarters location	Dupont Brewery (in French: Brasserie Dupont) is a brewery in Tourpes (Leuze-en-Hainaut), in West-Hainaut, Belgium.	Dupont Brewery	Leuze-en-Hainaut
headquarters location	Precision Monolithics, Inc. also known in the electronics industry (and popularly) as PMI, was an American company based in Santa Clara, California, USA that developed and produced mixed signal and linear semiconductors, and is especially noteworthy as the first company to make two-chip and single chip D/A converters.	Precision Monolithics	Santa Clara
headquarters location	L-3 Wescam is based in Burlington, Ontario Canada	Wescam	Burlington
headquarters location	Dehns (formerly ``Frank B. Dehn & Co.'') is a United Kingdom firm of patent and trade mark attorneys, with offices in London, Brighton, Oxford, Leeds and Munich.	Dehns	London
headquarters location	Infinity Luthiers is an American manufacturer of handmade custom high-end steel stringed guitars and mandolins headquartered in Springfield, Illinois.	Infinity Luthiers	Springfield
headquarters location	Straker-Squire (also known as Brazil Straker) was a British automobile manufacturer based in Bristol, and later Edmonton in North London.	Straker-Squire	Bristol
headquarters location	Zeitenspiegel Reportagen is a co-operative of writers and photographers based in Weinstadt, near Stuttgart.	Zeitenspiegel	Weinstadt
headquarters location	Kulabyte was a private company headquartered in San Marcos, Texas that developed live video encoding and video streaming software and provided streaming event services.	Kulabyte	San Marcos
headquarters location	Trailer Bridge, Inc. is a freight service company headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, that offers international and domestic shipping with primary international calls to San Juan, Puerto Rico and Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic.	Trailer Bridge	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Sony BMG was fined 10 million dollars after the New York Attorney General's office determined that they had been practicing payola mostly in the form of direct payments to radio stations and bribes to disc jockeys to promote various artists including Franz Ferdinand, Audioslave, and mainly Jessica Simpson.	Sony BMG	New York
headquarters location	Amur State University named for Sholom Aleichem (Russian: Приамурский государственный университет имени Шолом-Алейхема), formerly Birobidzhan Jewish National University is a university in Russia.	Amur State University named for Sholom Aleichem	Birobidzhan
headquarters location	Aces High Light Aircraft was a Canadian ultralight manufacturer, located in London, Ontario.	Aces High Light Aircraft	London
headquarters location	Frontier Natural Products Co-op is a wholesaler of natural and organic products, founded in 1976 and based in Norway, Iowa.	Frontier Natural Products Co-op	Norway
headquarters location	WorkerExpress, based in San Francisco, California, is the first branchless provider of temporary skilled labor to the construction industry and other light industry.	WorkerExpress	San Francisco
headquarters location	Headquartered in Temple, Texas, Wilsonart was founded by Ralph Wilson Sr. in 1956.	Wilsonart	Temple, Texas
headquarters location	According to Glanbia Collections in Kilkenny Archives at St Kieran's College, Kilkenny, the Avonmore Coop brand was created through the merger of the following Village Creameries that are included among their archives for:	Glanbia	Kilkenny
headquarters location	K-Swiss, Inc. is an American footwear company based in Westlake Village, California.	K-Swiss	Westlake Village
headquarters location	Veuve Perrin (Widow Perrin) was a factory in Marseille, France that manufactured Faïence wares between 1748 and 1803.	Veuve Perrin	Marseille
headquarters location	Allen Tate Realtors is an independent real estate company headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, with 41 offices and more than 1,400 employees in North and South Carolina.	Allen Tate Realtors	North Carolina
headquarters location	Telenor Group (OSE: TEL; Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈteːləˈnuːr) or (tɛləˈnuːr)) is a Norwegian multinational telecommunications company headquartered at Fornebu in Bærum, close to Oslo.	Telenor	Bærum
headquarters location	Currensee (or currensee.com) was a financial services company based in Boston to serve as a social network for foreign exchange (FX, Forex or currency) traders.	Currensee	Boston
headquarters location	HiddenLevers is a financial technology company located in New York City.	HiddenLevers	New York City
headquarters location	Mainostoimisto VwD is an advertising agency based in Oulu, Finland.	Mainostoimisto VwD	Oulu
headquarters location	Dexterity Software was a computer game company founded in 1994 in Los Angeles by Steve Pavlina.	Dexterity Software	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala is an ayurvedic pharmaceutical company situated in Thaikkattusseri, near Ollur, Thrissur city in Kerala state.	Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala	Ollur
headquarters location	Marsh Supermarkets is a retail food chain headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, with stores throughout Central Indiana and parts of western Ohio (including metropolitan Cincinnati).	Marsh Supermarkets	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Free the Vote North Carolina was originally founded as the North Carolinians for Free and Proper Elections, or NCFPE, in June 2008 by Jordon M. Greene, who at the time was a sophomore Political Science major at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.	Free the Vote North Carolina	Charlotte
headquarters location	Eide Bailly LLP is a regional certified public accounting and business advisory firm headquartered in Fargo, North Dakota.	Eide Bailly LLP	Fargo
headquarters location	Jiangnan Shipyard (Chinese: 江南造船厂; pinyin: Jiāngnán Zàochuán Chǎng) is a historic shipyard located in Shanghai, China.	Jiangnan Shipyard	Shanghai
headquarters location	Little Green Men Games studio has been established in late 2006 in Zagreb, Croatia.	Little Green Men Games	Zagreb
headquarters location	Philipp Holzmann AG was a German construction company based in Frankfurt am Main.	Philipp Holzmann	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Plumbworld is a specialist bathroom retailer based in the market town of Evesham in the United Kingdom.	Plumbworld	Evesham
headquarters location	CHUMBA Racing is a manufacturer of recreational and competition mountain bikes located in Anaheim, CA	CHUMBA Racing	Anaheim
headquarters location	Raychem Corporation was founded in Menlo Park/Redwood City, California in 1957 by Paul Cook, James B. Meikle, and Richard W. Muchmore.	Raychem	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Evryware Inc. is a computer game development company based in Olympia, Washington, USA.	Evryware	Olympia
headquarters location	It has its head office in the Malaysia Airports Corporate Office in the Persiaran Korporat KLIA in Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA), Sepang, Selangor.	Malaysia Airports	Kuala Lumpur International Airport
headquarters location	The Rakovski Defence and Staff College (Bulgarian: Военна академия ``Георги Стойков Раковски``), based in Sofia, is Bulgaria's oldest military institution of higher education.	Rakovski Defence and Staff College	Sofia
headquarters location	When the much larger SR.N4 craft, capable of carrying 30 vehicles and 254 passengers, were delivered in 1969, Hoverlloyd moved operations to a purpose built ``hoverport'' in Pegwell Bay, near Ramsgate.	Hoverlloyd	Pegwell Bay
headquarters location	The Cake Network was a Curaçao based online poker network owned and operated by parent company Cake Gaming NV.	Cake Network	Curaçao
headquarters location	CornerWorld has headquarters in Dallas, Texas, as well as offices in Holland, Michigan, and New York, New York.	CornerWorld	Dallas
headquarters location	SENSIO Technologies, Inc., also known as SENSIO, is a Montreal company that develops and markets stereoscopic image-processing technologies facilitating the creation and delivery of 3D content.	SENSIO Technologies	Montreal
headquarters location	Bushmaster Firearms International, LLC, based in Madison, North Carolina, United States, is a manufacturer and distributor of firearms.	Bushmaster Firearms International	Madison
headquarters location	Ontario Malleable Iron Company (OMIC) was an iron foundry established in Oshawa, Ontario by brothers John Cowan and William Cowan.	Ontario Malleable Iron Company	Oshawa
headquarters location	Aroma Café (S.A.) is an Argentine coffee chain, founded in London, England in 1991 and started in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 2000.	Aroma Café	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Dragon Models Limited (Dragon or DML for short) is a Hong-Kong-based manufacturer of plastic model kits, diecast models and military action figures.	Dragon Models Limited	Hong-Kong
headquarters location	Pink Gorilla, LLC is a well-known retro and imported video game retailer with four locations around Seattle, Washington.	Pink Gorilla	Seattle
headquarters location	Fuuse presents World Woman Banaz A Love Story screening and conversation event in Oslo hosted in collaboration with Fritt Ord January 2013.	Fuuse	Oslo
headquarters location	Boulevard Recording is a recording studio in Hollywood, California that was opened in 2010 under the ownership of producer Clay Blair.	Boulevard Recording	Hollywood
headquarters location	Keen Software House is an independent video game developing company based in Prague, Czech Republic.	Keen Software House	Prague
headquarters location	Torys LLP is a Canadian international business law firm with offices in Toronto, Calgary, New York, Montreal and Halifax.	Torys	Toronto
headquarters location	ABC Motors Limited (All British (Engine) Company) of Hersham, Surrey, England was a manufacturer of cars, aircraft, motor scooters, and engines for road and air.	ABC Motors	Hersham
headquarters location	KDD Group (Kyiv Donbass Development)- is Ukrainian real estate development company famous for its Sky Towers mixed-use development in Kiev.	KDD Group	Kiev
headquarters location	Wiesmann GmbH was a German automobile manufacturer based in Dülmen, Germany.	Wiesmann	Dülmen
headquarters location	St. Lawrence Sugar - established in 1888 in Montreal and later acquired by Lantic Sugar 1984 Rogers Sugar - established in 1890 in Vancouver by Benjamin Tingley Rogers (1865-1918), American-born founder His father was President of E.J. Gay's Sugar of New Orleans.	Rogers Sugar	Montreal
headquarters location	Indie Boyz is a European company based in London, United Kingdom and a subsidiary of Eurocreme which specializes in the production and distribution of gay pornographic films, generally featuring twinks, though they have also released a number of series devoted to studs and men of more diverse appearance.	Indie Boyz	London
headquarters location	The Magic Logix headquarters are in Dallas, Texas.	Magic Logix	Dallas
headquarters location	Banco do Nordeste is a Brazilian regional development bank headquartered in Fortaleza, Ceará.	Banco do Nordeste	Fortaleza
headquarters location	Automobiles Rally was a small company which made sporting automobiles in Colombes, a northwestern suburb of Paris.	Automobiles Rally	Colombes
headquarters location	The Schwarzkopf & Schwarzkopf Verlag is a German publishing house founded in 1992 by Oliver Schwarzkopf in Berlin.	Schwarzkopf & Schwarzkopf Verlag	Berlin
headquarters location	The Italian Cricket Federation also runs an academy for youth development located 180 km North of Rome, at Grosseto Cricket Club.	Italian Cricket Federation	Rome
headquarters location	Skygoblin is a video game developer based in Sweden, formed in 2005 as SLX Games.	Skygoblin	Sweden
headquarters location	Nyfors Teknologi AB is a high-end supplier of advanced optical fiber handling equipment, based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Nyfors	Stockholm
headquarters location	Giraffe Restaurants is a United Kingdom restaurant and cafe chain, founded in Hampstead in 1998 by Juliette Joffe, Russel Joffe and Andrew Jacobs.	Giraffe Restaurants	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Happy Harbor Comics is a Canadian comic book store located in Edmonton, Alberta.	Happy Harbor Comics	Edmonton
headquarters location	Continental Illinois can be traced back to two Chicago banks, the Commercial National Bank, founded during the American Civil War, and the Continental National Bank, founded in 1883.	Continental Illinois	Chicago
headquarters location	Nirala Sweets is a confectionery chain based in Lahore, Pakistan with 22 stores across various cities in Pakistan (15 in Lahore) and 2 stores in the UAE (1 in Dubai and 1 in Sharjah).	Nirala Sweets	Lahore
headquarters location	Voxer is a San Francisco based mobile app development company most well known for its free Voxer Walkie Talkie app for smartphones.	Voxer	San Francisco
headquarters location	Barker's Farm (also known as Barker's Farmstand or the Barker Farm) is an American farm and orchard in North Andover, Massachusetts.	Barker's Farm	North Andover
headquarters location	Sands China Limited (Chinese: 金沙中國有限公司) is an integrated resort developer and operator in Macau and a subsidiary of Las Vegas Sands Corp, the owner of The Venetian Las Vegas and The Palazzo.	Sands China	Macau
headquarters location	The Disneyland Resort, commonly known as Disneyland, is an entertainment resort in Anaheim, California.	Disneyland Resort	Anaheim
headquarters location	Hair of the Dog Brewing Company is a brewery in Portland, Oregon, USA.	Hair of the Dog Brewing Company	Portland
headquarters location	Peroni S.p.A. is a company headquartered in Gallarate, Italy.	Peroni S.p.A.	Gallarate
languages spoken or written	Juan de Arellano (3 August 1614 -- 13 October 1676) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque era who specialized in floral still life paintings.	Juan de Arellano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helga Schubert (Pseudonym for Helga Helm, born 7 January 1940 in Berlin) is a German Psychologist and author.	Helga Schubert	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques-Hyacinthe Serry (1659--1738) was a French Dominican Thomist theologian, controversialist and historian.	Jacques-Hyacinthe Serry	French
languages spoken or written	Don Antonio de Mendoza y Pacheco (Spanish: Antonio de Mendoza) (1495 -- July 21, 1552) was the first viceroy of New Spain, serving from April 17, 1535 to November 25, 1550, and the third viceroy of Peru, from September 23, 1551, to July 21, 1552.	Antonio de Mendoza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Besnard (8 October 1886 -- 19 February 1947) was a French revolutionary syndicalist.	Pierre Besnard	French
languages spoken or written	Karl Martin Lönnebo (born 1930) is a Swedish clergyman who served as Bishop of the diocese of Linköping from 1980 to 1994.	Martin Lönnebo	Swedish
languages spoken or written	İsmet Özel (born 19 September 1944 in Kayseri) is a Turkish poet and scholar.	İsmet Özel	Turkish
languages spoken or written	He was the host of the long-running talk show El Show de Rolando Barral, the first Spanish-language talk show in American television.	Rolando Barral	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mihály Balázs (born 1948) is a Hungarian Catholic historian and professor of religious history at the University of Szeged.	Mihály Balázs	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Venu Arvind is a Tamil television and film actor.	Venu Arvind	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Pietro Citati (born 1930, Florence) is a famous Italian writer and literary critic.	Pietro Citati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Osmo Pekonen, PhD, D.Soc.Sc., (born 2 April 1960), is a Finnish mathematician, historian of science, and author.	Osmo Pekonen	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Isaac Todhunter FRS (23 November 1820 -- 1 March 1884), was an English mathematician who is best known today for the books he wrote on mathematics and its history.	Isaac Todhunter	English
languages spoken or written	Kim You-jeong (Korean: 김유정; also romanised as Kim Yoo-jung, Kim Yu-chŏng and Kim Yu-jeong; 11 January 1908 -- 29 March 1937) was a Korean novelist.	Kim You-jeong	Korean
languages spoken or written	Philip James Bailey (22 April 1816 -- 6 September 1902) was an English Spasmodic poet, best known as the author of Festus.	Philip James Bailey	English
languages spoken or written	Olivier Ducastel (born 23 February 1962, Lyon) is a French film director, screenwriter and sound editor who currently works in collaboration with partner Jacques Martineau.	Olivier Ducastel	French
languages spoken or written	Stefan Brijs (born 29 December 1969) is a Belgian novelist writing in Dutch.	Stefan Brijs	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Nancy Armstrong (born 1938) is a scholar, critic and professor of English at Duke University.	Nancy Armstrong	English
languages spoken or written	Rafael Moreno Aranzadi (23 May 1892 -- 1 March 1922), known as Pichichi (Little Duck), was a Spanish footballer who played as a striker.	Rafael Moreno Aranzadi	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alejandro Alonso Núñez (born 20 August 1951, in Valdepeñas (Spain)) is a Spanish politician.	Alejandro Alonso Núñez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Gowland (16 December 1842 -- 9 June 1922) was an English mining engineer most famous for his archaeological work at Stonehenge and in Japan.	William Gowland	English
languages spoken or written	Professor Dov Sadan (Hebrew: דב סדן‎, born Dov Stock on 21 February 1902, died 14 October 1989) was an Israeli academic and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1965 and 1968.	Dov Sadan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Mario Gariazzo (4 June 1930 -- March, 2002) was an Italian screenwriter and film director.	Mario Gariazzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Béla Kondor (Pestszentlőrinc, February 17, Budapest, 1931-December 12, 1972) was a Hungarian painter, prose writer, poet, photographer, and avant-garde graphic artist.	Béla Kondor	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Ernst Wilhelm Eschmann (pseud. Leopold Dingräve, Von Severus, 1904 - 1987) was a German author, sociologist and playwright.	Ernst Wilhelm Eschmann	German
languages spoken or written	Maurice Pillard Verneuil (1869--1942) was a French artist and decorator in the Art nouveau movement.	Maurice Pillard Verneuil	French
languages spoken or written	Spiridion Lusi (Greek: Σπυρίδων Λούζης, Spyridon Louzis, Italian: Spiridione Lusi, German: Spiridion Graf von Lusi; ca. 1741 -- ca. 1815) was a Greek scholar, diplomat, politician and naturalized ambassador of Prussia.	Spiridion Lusi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tormod Haugen (12 May 1945 -- 18 October 2008) was a Norwegian writer of children's books and translator.	Tormod Haugen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jonathan Barnes, FBA (born 26 December 1942 in Wenlock, Shropshire) is an English scholar of ancient philosophy.	Jonathan Barnes	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Paul Willaime (born 1947 in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes) is a French sociologist specialized in contemporary Protestantism, Christian ecumenism, Secularism and religions, theories and methods in the sociology of religions.	Jean-Paul Willaime	French
languages spoken or written	Francisco Javier Gutiérrez Díaz or simply F. Javier Gutiérrez is a Spanish film director, producer and writer.	F. Javier Gutiérrez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Huang Ai (simplified Chinese: 黄爱; traditional Chinese: 黃愛; pinyin: Huáng Aì; born 1919 - September 28, 2008) better known by his pen name Huang Yushi (simplified Chinese: 黄雨石; traditional Chinese: 黃雨石; pinyin: Huáng Yǔshí).	Huang Ai	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Piotr Skarga (less often, Piotr Powęski; 2 February 1536 -- 27 September 1612) was a Polish Jesuit, preacher, hagiographer, polemicist, and leading figure of the Counter-Reformation in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Piotr Skarga	Polish
languages spoken or written	Suleyman al-Boustani (Arabic: سليمان البـسـتاني / ALA-LC: Sulaymān al-Bustānī; 1856--1925) was born in Bkheshtin, Lebanon.	Suleyman al-Boustani	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Marie Joséphine Louise, duchesse de Gontaut (1773--1857) was a French noble woman.	Marie Joséphine Louise, duchesse de Gontaut	French
languages spoken or written	Agustín Remiro (August 28, 1904 -- June 21, 1942) was a Spanish anarchist who was a crucial member of the resistance against Franco.	Agustín Remiro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tazio Secchiaroli (1925 -- 24 July 1998) was an Italian photographer known as one of the original paparazzi.	Tazio Secchiaroli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bernardo Giner de los Ríos (1888, Málaga - 1970) was a Spanish architect, politician, and writer of architectural books.	Bernardo Giner de los Ríos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mayadhar Mansingh (13 November 1905 - 11 October 1973) was an Odia poet and writer.	Mayadhar Mansingh	Odia
languages spoken or written	Sir John Rogers, 2nd Baronet (14 June 1676 -- 21 January 1744) was an English lawyer and politician.	Sir John Rogers, 2nd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Sir David Lean, CBE (25 March 1908 -- 16 April 1991) was an English film director, producer, screenwriter and editor, best remembered for big-screen epics such as The Bridge on the River Kwai (1957), Lawrence of Arabia (1962) and Doctor Zhivago (1965).	David Lean	English
languages spoken or written	Jesús Puras Vidal de la Peña (born March 16, 1963 in Santander, Cantabria), also known as 'Chus Puras', is a Spanish rally driver active in the World Rally Championship from 1991 to 2002.	Jesús Puras	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claro Abánades López (12 August 1879 -- 16 December 1973) was a Spanish journalist, publisher, historian and a Carlist activist.	Claro Abánades López	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mercè Canela (Sant Guim de Freixenet, la Segarra, 1956) is a Catalan writer and translator.	Mercè Canela	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Dominique Janicaud (14 November 1937 -- 18 August 2002) was a French philosopher, known for his critical approach to the philosophy of Heidegger.	Dominique Janicaud	French
languages spoken or written	María del Pilar Peña Sánchez (born 14 July 1973), better known as Candela Peña, is a Spanish actress.	Candela Peña	Spanish
languages spoken or written	The Blessed Francesco Faà di Bruno (29 March 1825 -- 27 March 1888) was an Italian priest and advocate of the poor, and a leading mathematician of his era and a noted religious musician.	Francesco Faà di Bruno	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rajit Kapur (Hindi: रजित कपूर, Punjabi: ਰਜੀਤ ਕਪੂਰ) is an Indian film and theatre actor as well as director.	Rajit Kapur	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Fernando Cuéllar Reyes (born 22 September 1963) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution (Spanish: Partido de la Revolución Democrática, PRD).	Fernando Cuéllar Reyes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antoine de La Garanderie (22 March 1920 -- 27 June 2010) was a French educator and philosopher.	Antoine de La Garanderie	French
languages spoken or written	Giulio Carpioni (1613 -- January 29, 1678) was an Italian painter and etcher of the early Baroque era.	Giulio Carpioni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Seema Biswas acted as the heroine in Kishan Kartha's Amshini (Hindi) which entered the Indian Panorama Section of Filmotsav 1988.	Seema Biswas	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Jacques Mikaël Der Mikaëlian better known as Jacques Hélian (born in Paris, 7 June 1912 - died 29 June 1986), was a famous French orchestra conductor for French music-hall.	Jacques Hélian	French
languages spoken or written	Madeleine Giteau (1918--2005) was a French historian and member of the Ecole française d'Extrême-Orient, who devoted a great part of her life to research involving Laotian and Cambodian art, especially Khmer sculpture and iconography.	Madeleine Giteau	French
languages spoken or written	Spagna (Italian: (ˈspaɲɲa); born Ivana Spagna, 16 December 1956, Valeggio sul Mincio, Verona, Italy) is an Italian singer and songwriter.	Spagna	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Mathews (28 June 1776, London -- 28 June 1835, Devonport) was an English theatre manager and comic actor, well known during his time for his gift of impersonation and skill at table entertainment.	Charles Mathews	English
languages spoken or written	Moritz August von Bethmann-Hollweg (born 8 April 1795 in Frankfurt am Main, died 14 July 1877 on Rheineck castle near Niederbreisig on the Rhine) was a German jurist and Prussian politician.	August von Bethmann-Hollweg	German
languages spoken or written	Kureepuzha Sreekumar (born 10 April 1955 in Kureepuzha, Kollam, Kerala) is a noted Malayalam poet of the post modern era.	Kureepuzha Sreekumar	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Ernesto Vilches (February 6, 1879 in Tarragona - December 8, 1954 in Barcelona) was a Spanish film actor, director and screenwriter, known for his roles in Latin films, mainly in Argentina and Mexico.	Ernesto Vilches	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Xu Yuanchong (simplified Chinese: 许渊冲; traditional Chinese: 許淵冲; pinyin: Xǔ Yuānchōng; born April 18, 1921 in Jiangxi, China) is a translator of Chinese ancient poets into English and French.	Xu Yuanchong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Asja Lācis (Russian: Анна 'Ася' Эрнестовна Лацис, Anna 'Asya' Ernestovna Latsis; German: Asja Lazis; October 19, 1891 -- November 21, 1979) was a Latvian actress and theatre director.	Asja Lācis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Curt Goetz (17 November 1888 -- 12 September 1960), born Kurt Walter Götz, was a Swiss German writer, actor and film director.	Curt Goetz	German
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛppe toˈmazi di lampeˈduza); December 23, 1896 -- July 26, 1957) was an Italian writer and the last Prince of Lampedusa.	Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Simon of Ireland, of the late medieval era, was the author of a Latin poem ``in seventeen lacklustre hexameters of a law case involving a parson's theft of an ox.''	Simon of Ireland	Latin
languages spoken or written	Konstantin von Höfler was a German church and general historian, publicist, ennobled anti-nationalist politician and poet.	Konstantin von Höfler	German
languages spoken or written	Aleksander Świętochowski (pseudonyms Poseł Prawdy (Apostle of Truth) and others; 18 January 1849 -- 25 April 1938) was a Polish writer, educator, and philosopher of the Positivist period that followed the January 1863 Uprising.	Aleksander Świętochowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Peter Ludwig Friedrich Baudri (born 20 April 1808 in Elberfeld (today part of Wuppertal); died 6 October 1874 in Köln) was a German painter and member of Reichstag.	Friedrich Baudri	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Alfred Hermann Walther von Brauchitsch (4 October 1881 -- 18 October 1948) was a German field marshal and the Commander-in-Chief of the German Army in the early years of World War II. Born into an aristocratic military family, Brauchitsch joined the 3rd Guards Grenadier Regiment 1901.	Walther von Brauchitsch	German
languages spoken or written	Elena Oana Antonescu (born 30 December 1979, Targoviste, Romania) is a Romanian politician, lawyer and Member of the European Parliament (MEP).	Elena Oana Antonescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Gian Gaspare Napolitano (30 April 1907 -- 5 January 1966) was an Italian journalist, screenwriter and film director.	Gian Gaspare Napolitano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Irene Villa (born 21 November 1978) is a Spanish author and journalist who became a political figure after losing both legs in an ETA attack in Madrid at the age of 12.	Irene Villa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Michelangelo Antonioni, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI (29 September 1912 -- 30 July 2007), was an Italian film director, screenwriter, editor, and short story writer.	Michelangelo Antonioni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Bergier (French: (bɛʁʒje); 5 December 1931, Lausanne, Vaud -- 29 October 2009, Blonay) was a Swiss historian.	Jean-François Bergier	French
languages spoken or written	Dušan Matić (31 August 1898 - 12 September 1980) was a Serbian poet who was active as part of the Belgrade surrealist group.	Dušan Matić	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Johan Harstad (born 10 February 1979) is a Norwegian novelist, short story writer, playwright and graphic designer.	Johan Harstad	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Tone Hødnebø (born 5 November 1962) is a Norwegian poet, translator and magazine editor.	Tone Hødnebø	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Carlos Martínez Gorriarán is a Spanish scholar, born in San Sebastián, Basque Country, Spain.	Carlos Martínez Gorriarán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mykola Kulish (Ukrainian: Микола Гурович Куліш) (December 19, 1892 -- November 3, 1937) was a Ukrainian prosaic, drama writer, pedagogue, veteran of World War I, and Red Army veteran.	Mykola Kulish	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Matija Bećković OSS (Serbian Cyrillic: Матија Бећковић, pronounced (mǎtija bɛ̂tɕkɔʋitɕ); born 29 November 1939) is a Serbian writer and poet.	Matija Bećković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Wolfram Euler (born 5 May 1950) is a German historical linguist and Indo-Europeanists.	Wolfram Euler	German
languages spoken or written	George Besson (25 December 1882 -- 19 June 1971) was a French art critic, and the founder and director of Cahiers d'Aujourd'hui.	George Besson	French
languages spoken or written	Hermann Lietz (28 April 1868, Dumgenevitz auf Rügen -- 12 June 1919, Haubinda) was a German educational progressive and theologian who founded the German Landerziehungsheime für Jungen (country boarding schools).	Hermann Lietz	German
languages spoken or written	John Dobree Dalgairns (21 October 1818 -- 6 April 1876), English Roman Catholic priest, was born in Guernsey.	John Dobree Dalgairns	English
languages spoken or written	Ernest Henri Dubois (1863 in Dieppe -- ?), was a French sculptor.	Ernest Henri Dubois	French
languages spoken or written	Sandipan Chattopadhyay (Bengali: সন্দীপন চট্টোপাধ্যায় Sandipan Chôţţopaddhae) (25 October 1933 -- 12 December 2005) was an Indian Bengali writer.	Sandipan Chattopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Sáenz de Buruaga y Polanco (1893 in Camagüey, Cuba -- February 17, 1964 in Madrid) was a Spanish military officer from the Army of Africa.	Eduardo Sáenz de Buruaga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François Coillard (17 July 1834 in Asnières-les-Bourges, Cher, France -- 27 May 1904 in Lealui, Barotseland, Northern Rhodesia) was a French missionary who worked for the Paris Evangelical Missionary Society in southern Africa.	François Coillard	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Claudio de la Hoz y Mota (1630?--1710?), Spanish dramatist, was born in Madrid.	Juan Claudio de la Hoz y Mota	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jayasudha Kapoor (born Sujatha Nidudavolu) is an Indian film actress predominantly in Telugu Cinema and a former MLA for the Congress in Secunderabad.	Jayasudha	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Alessandro Mendini (born 16 August 1931 in Milan) is an Italian designer and architect.	Alessandro Mendini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francesc de Tamarit i de Rifà (1600--1653) was a Catalan politician and military leader notable for his service during the Catalan Revolt and particularly at the Battle of Montjuïc in 1641 where a force made up mainly of Catalan Militia defeated a much larger Spanish army.	Francesc de Tamarit	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Christophe Miossec is a French singer and songwriter born in Brest, Brittany, France on December 24, 1964.	Miossec	French
languages spoken or written	Sir William Hamilton Fyfe (July 9, 1878 -- June 13, 1965) was an English and Canadian classics scholar, educator, and educational administrator.	William Hamilton Fyfe	English
languages spoken or written	Jules Comby (28 April 1853 -- 18 March 1947) was a French pediatrician.	Jules Comby	French
languages spoken or written	Mathurin Jacques Brisson (30 April 1723 -- 23 June 1806) was a French zoologist and natural philosopher.	Mathurin Jacques Brisson	French
languages spoken or written	Cosme Gómez Tejada de los Reyes (died c.1661) was a writer, poet and dramatist of the Spanish Golden Age.	Cosme Gómez Tejada de los Reyes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Fauchard (1678 -- March 22, 1761) was a French physician, credited as being the ``father of modern dentistry''.	Pierre Fauchard	French
languages spoken or written	Katharina Hacker (born 11 January 1967) is a German author best known for her award-winning novel Die Habenichtse (The Have-Nots).	Katharina Hacker	German
languages spoken or written	William Alabaster (also Alablaster, Arblastier) (27 February 1567 -- buried 28 April 1640) was an English poet, playwright, and religious writer.	William Alabaster	English
languages spoken or written	Nurmyrat Saryhanow (also transliterated as Sarykhanov: Russian: Нурмура́т Сарыха́нов, Nurmurat Sarykhanov; 1906 - 1944) was a Soviet Turkmen short-story writer and novelist.	Nurmyrat Saryhanow	Turkmen
languages spoken or written	Johann Carolus (1575−1634) was a German publisher of the first newspaper, called Relation aller Fürnemmen und gedenckwürdigen Historien (Account of all distinguished and commemorable news).	Johann Carolus	German
languages spoken or written	Gasparo Scaruffi (1519--1584), from Reggio Emilia was an Italian economist who proposed a universal currency in order to facilitate an open, objective and just economic system, which, he argued, was the essential foundation of a just society.	Gasparo Scaruffi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johannes Holzmann (October 30, 1882 -- April 28, 1914) was a German anarchist writer and activist who generally went by the pseudonym Senna Hoy.	Johannes Holzmann	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Joachim Becher (German: (ˈbɛçɐ); 6 May 1635 -- October 1682) was a German physician, alchemist, precursor of chemistry, scholar and adventurer, best known for his development of the phlogiston theory of combustion, and his advancement of Austrian cameralism.	Johann Joachim Becher	German
languages spoken or written	Graham Hurley, born in 1946 at Clacton on Sea, is an English crime fiction writer.	Graham Hurley	English
languages spoken or written	Egon Schiele (German: (ˈʃiːlə) SHEE-lə; 12 June 1890 -- 31 October 1918) was an Austrian painter.	Egon Schiele	German
languages spoken or written	Paola Pivi (b. 1971 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian multimedia artist who lives and works in Anchorage, Alaska.	Paola Pivi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hanne Darboven (29 April 1941 -- 9 March 2009) was a German conceptual artist, best known for her large scale minimalist installations consisting of handwritten tables of numbers.	Hanne Darboven	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Watkins (born 29 October 1935) is an English film and television director.	Peter Watkins	English
languages spoken or written	Frank Kidson (15 November 1855 -- 7 November 1926) was an English folksong collector and music scholar.	Frank Kidson	English
languages spoken or written	Paul Sérusier (9 November 1864 -- 7 October 1927) was a French painter who was a pioneer of abstract art and an inspiration for the avant-garde Nabis movement, Synthetism and Cloisonnism.	Paul Sérusier	French
languages spoken or written	Luis Ortiz González (Madrid, 1932-2 February 2006) was a Spanish politician and former Minister of Public Works in the Governments of Adolfo Suarez.	Luis Ortiz González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude de Bullion (13 October 1569 -- 22 December 1640) was a French aristocrat and politician who served as a Minister of Finance under Louis XIII from 1632 to 1640.	Claude de Bullion	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Grégoire Deschamps Destournelles (31 May 1744 -- 27 July 1795) was a French politician who was Minister of Finance during the French Revolution.	Louis Grégoire Deschamps Destournelles	French
languages spoken or written	Béatrice Patrie (born May 12, 1957 in Lorient) is a French former judge and Member of the European Parliament for the South West of France.	Béatrice Patrie	French
languages spoken or written	Margherita Hack, Dame Grand Cross OMRI (Italian: (marɡeˈriːta ˈ(h)akk); 12 June 1922 -- 29 June 2013) was an Italian astrophysicist and popular science writer.	Margherita Hack	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luigi Palmieri (April 22, 1807 -- September 9, 1896) was an Italian physicist and meteorologist.	Luigi Palmieri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Foucault (born 23 November 1947 in Marseille) is a French television and radio host.	Jean-Pierre Foucault	French
languages spoken or written	Hermann Budzislawski (11 February 1901 -- 28 April 1978) was a German journalist with a particular focus on Economics and Politics.	Hermann Budzislawski	German
languages spoken or written	Domenico Mennitti (11 August 1939 -- 6 April 2014) was an Italian journalist and politician from the Italian Social Movement.	Domenico Mennitti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Abdellah Taïa (Arabic: عبد الله الطايع‎; born 1973) is a Moroccan writer and filmmaker who writes in the French language and has been based in Paris since 1998.	Abdellah Taïa	French
languages spoken or written	Malachia Ormanian (Armenian: Մաղաքիայ Օրմանեան; 11 February 1841 -- 19 November 1918) was the Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople from 1896 to 1908.	Malachia Ormanian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Michael Lentz (born 1964, Düren) is a German author, musician, and performer of experimental texts and sound poetry.	Michael Lentz	German
languages spoken or written	Hovhannes Tumanyan (Armenian: Հովհաննես Թումանյան) (February 19 (O.S. February 7) 1869 -- March 23, 1923) was an Armenian writer and public activist.	Hovhannes Tumanyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Ginat (Hebrew: יוסף גינת‎,March 6, 1936 -- 2009) was an Israeli anthropologist, author, political advisor, and soldier.	Joseph Ginat	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	M. Saroja (Tamil: சரோஜா) was an Indian film actress and comedienne who worked in Tamil cinema.	M. Saroja	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Steff Gruber is married to the German communication designer Anke Felgenhauer.	Steff Gruber	German
languages spoken or written	Carl-Göran Ekerwald (born December 30, 1923) is a Swedish novelist, literary critic, forest worker and teacher.	Carl-Göran Ekerwald	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Shmuel Niger (also Samuel Niger, pen name of Samuel Charney, 1883-1955) was a Yiddish writer, literary critic and historian and was one of the leading figures of Yiddish cultural work and Yiddishism in pre-revolution Russia.	Shmuel Niger	Yiddish
languages spoken or written	Johannes Hermann, also Johann Herrmann, (1515 -- 22 April 1593 in Freiberg) was a German church musician, hymn writer and jurist.	Johannes Hermann	German
languages spoken or written	Eduard Suess (German pronunciation: (ˈeːduaʁt ˈzyːs); August 20, 1831 -- April 26, 1914) was an Austrian geologist who was an expert on the geography of the Alps.	Eduard Suess	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Elyot (c. 1490 -- 26 March 1546) was an English diplomat and scholar.	Thomas Elyot	English
languages spoken or written	Gaston Ghrenassia (born 11 December 1938 in Constantine, then in French Algeria), known by his stage name Enrico Macias French pronunciation: ​(ɛn.ʁi.ko.ma'sjas), is a French Pied-noir singer, songwriter and musician.	Enrico Macias	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Markgraf (1 February 1897 in Berlin-Friedenau -- 8 March 1987) was a German botanist.	Friedrich Markgraf	German
languages spoken or written	Jacques Davy Duperron (15 November 1556 -- 6 December 1618) was a French politician and Roman Catholic cardinal.	Jacques Davy Duperron	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Rosenstiehl (born 1933) is a French mathematician recognized for his work in graph theory, planar graphs, and graph drawing.	Pierre Rosenstiehl	French
languages spoken or written	Thomas Carew (pronounced as ``Carey'') (1595 -- 22 March 1640) was an English poet, among the 'Cavalier' group of Caroline poets.	Thomas Carew	English
languages spoken or written	Rémy Bricka (born April 10, 1949 in Niederbronn-les-Bains, Bas-Rhin) is a French musician, one-man band, and singer.	Rémy Bricka	French
languages spoken or written	Gheorghe Țițeica (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈɡe̯orɡe t͡siˈt͡sejka); 4 October 1873 in Turnu Severin -- 5 February 1939) publishing as George or Georges Tzitzeica) was a Romanian mathematician with important contributions in geometry.	Gheorghe Țițeica	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Ignaz Heinrich von Wessenberg (4 November 1774 -- 9 August 1860) was a German writer and scholar, and liberal Catholic churchman as well as Vicar general and administrator of the Diocese of Constance.	Ignaz Heinrich von Wessenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Andrea Salvadori (1591 -- buried 25 August 1634) was an Italian poet and librettist.	Andrea Salvadori	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kurt Tucholsky (German: (tuˈxɔlski); January 9, 1890 -- December 21, 1935) was a German-Jewish journalist, satirist and writer.	Kurt Tucholsky	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Girel (born in 1947) is a French ceramic artist.	Jean Girel	French
languages spoken or written	Thomas Kielinger OBE (born July 1940 in Danzig) is a German journalist, political commentator and author.	Thomas Kielinger	German
languages spoken or written	Ricardo Viñes y Roda (Spanish pronunciation: (riˈkarðo ˈβiɲes), Catalan: Ricard Viñes i Roda; 5 February 1875 -- 29 April 1943) was a Spanish pianist.	Ricardo Viñes	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Jean-Antoine-Marie Monperlier, (31 June 1788 -- 23 March 1819) was a French poet, playwright, and librettist.	Jean-Antoine-Marie Monperlier	French
languages spoken or written	Adolf Hölzel (13 May 1853 -- 17 October 1934) was a German artist/painter.	Adolf Hölzel	German
languages spoken or written	Marie Auguste Rivière (8 January 1821 -- 1877) was a French horticulturalist and pomologist.	Marie Auguste Rivière	French
languages spoken or written	Antoni Miralda (born 1942 in Terrassa, Spain) is a Spanish multidisciplinary artist.	Antoni Miralda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jeremias Felbinger (27 April 1616 -- c. 1690) was a German Socinian writer, teacher, and lexicographer.	Jeremias Felbinger	German
languages spoken or written	Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg (German: Felix Prinz zu Schwarzenberg; 2 October 1800 -- 5 April 1852) was a Bohemian nobleman and an Austrian statesman who restored the Habsburg Empire as a European great power following the Revolutions of 1848.	Prince Felix of Schwarzenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Luis García Ortega was a Spanish actor and screenwriter.	Luis García Ortega	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Isabelle Patissier is a French world champion rock climber and more recently a rally driver.	Isabelle Patissier	French
languages spoken or written	Maria Janion (born 24 December 1926 in Mońki) is a Polish scholar, critic and theoretician of literature as well as a renowned feminist.	Maria Janion	Polish
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Stekel (German: (ˈʃteːkəl); March 18, 1868 -- June 25, 1940) was an Austrian physician and psychologist, who became one of Sigmund Freud's earliest followers, and was once described as ``Freud's most distinguished pupil.''	Wilhelm Stekel	German
languages spoken or written	Jerónimo Saavedra Acevedo (Born 3 July 1936 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a Spanish politician.	Jerónimo Saavedra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leonard Steckel (18 January 1901 -- 9 February 1971) was a German actor and director of stage and screen.	Leonard Steckel	German
languages spoken or written	Tahar Ouettar (Arabic: الطاهر وطار‎; 1936 -- August 12, 2010) was an Algerian writer.	Tahar Ouettar	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Stig Björkman (born 2 October 1938) is a Swedish writer and film critic.	Stig Björkman	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Gilbert Gress (born 17 December 1941 in Strasbourg) is a French football coach and a former football player.	Gilbert Gress	French
languages spoken or written	Charles-Philippe Ronsin (1 December 1751 -- 24 March 1794) was a French general of the Revolutionary Army of the First French Republic, commanding the large Parisian division of l'Armée Révolutionnaire.	Charles-Philippe Ronsin	French
languages spoken or written	Charles-François Brisseau de Mirbel (27 March 1776 -- 12 September 1854) was a French botanist and politician.	Charles-François Brisseau de Mirbel	French
languages spoken or written	Klas Östergren (born 20 February 1955) is a Swedish novelist, screenwriter and translator.	Klas Östergren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Arcisse de Caumont (20 August 1801, Bayeux -- 16 April 1873) was a French historian and archaeologist.	Arcisse de Caumont	French
languages spoken or written	Caroline von Wolzogen, born Caroline von Lengefeld (February 3, 1763, Rudolstadt -- January 11, 1847, Jena), was a German writer in the Weimar Classicism circle.	Caroline von Wolzogen	German
languages spoken or written	John Richard Jefferies (6 November 1848 -- 14 August 1887) was an English nature writer, noted for his depiction of English rural life in essays, books of natural history, and novels.	Richard Jefferies	English
languages spoken or written	Ille Toktash (Russian: Илья́ Семёнович Тукта́ш, Chuvash: Илле Тукташ) (29 July 1907, Bolshiye Toktashi village, Alikovsky District, Chuvash Republic -- 20 Jan 1957) was a Chuvash writer and poet.	Ille Toktash	Chuvash
languages spoken or written	William Crawford Williamson (24 November 1816 -- 23 June 1895) was an English naturalist and palaeobotanist.	William Crawford Williamson	English
languages spoken or written	Michael Morpurgo, OBE, FRSL, FKC, DL (born 5 October 1943, St Albans, Hertfordshire) is an English book author, poet, playwright, and librettist who is known best for children's novels such as War Horse (1982).	Michael Morpurgo	English
languages spoken or written	Liu Xiaobo (Chinese: 刘晓波; pinyin: Liú Xiǎobō) (born 28 December 1955) is a Chinese literary critic, writer, professor, and human rights activist who called for political reforms and the end of communist single-party rule.	Liu Xiaobo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Benedikt Taschen (born 10 February 1961), is a German publisher and collector of contemporary art. He is the founder and owner of TASCHEN, one of the most successful publishing houses in the field of art, architecture, design, film, photography and lifestyle.	Benedikt Taschen	German
languages spoken or written	Samar Yazbek (Arabic: سمر يزبك) is a Syrian writer and journalist.	Samar Yazbek	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Julia Leischik (born 14 October 1970) is a German television presenter, television producer and editor-in-chief.	Julia Leischik	German
languages spoken or written	David Cal Figueroa (born October 10, 1982 in Cangas do Morrazo) is a Spanish sprint canoer who has competed since 1999.	David Cal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Heinz von Lichberg, real name Heinz von Eschwege (born 1890 in Marburg, died March 14, 1951 in Lübeck) was a German author and journalist, remembered chiefly for his 1916 short story Lolita.	Heinz von Lichberg	German
languages spoken or written	Teiji Takagi (高木 貞治 Takagi Teiji, April 21, 1875 -- February 28, 1960) was a Japanese mathematician, best known for proving the Takagi existence theorem in class field theory.	Teiji Takagi	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Benedetto Ferrari (ca. 1603 -- 1681) was an Italian composer, particularly of opera, librettist, and theorbo player.	Benedetto Ferrari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Gandois, AM (born 7 May 1930, Nieul, Haute-Vienne) is a French businessman.	Jean Gandois	French
languages spoken or written	Marcel Van (March 15, 1928 -- July 10, 1959), or Marcel Nguyễn Tân Văn C.Ss.R., Servant of God, was a Vietnamese Redemptorist brother.	Marcel Nguyễn Tân Văn	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Johannes Grenzfurthner (German: (joˈhanəs ˈgrɛntsfʊrtnə); born 1975 in Vienna) is an award-winning Austrian artist, filmmaker, writer, curator and theatre director.	Johannes Grenzfurthner	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Auguste Renoir, commonly known as Auguste Renoir (US /rɛnˈwɑːr/ or UK /ˈrɛnwɑːr/; French: (pjɛʁ oɡyst ʁənwaʁ); 25 February 1841 -- 3 December 1919), was a French artist who was a leading painter in the development of the Impressionist style.	Pierre-Auguste Renoir	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Tomasi (17 August 1901 -- 13 January 1971) was a French classical composer and conductor.	Henri Tomasi	French
languages spoken or written	John Creasey MBE (17 September 1908 -- 9 June 1973) was an English crime and science fiction writer who wrote more than six hundred novels using twenty-eight different pseudonyms.	John Creasey	English
languages spoken or written	Philippos Syrigos (Greek: Φίλιππος Συρίγος; 1948 -- October 13, 2013) was a Greek investigative journalist and sports reporter who has investigated doping cases in Greece.	Philippos Syrigos	Greek
languages spoken or written	Enrique Vila-Matas (born March 31, 1948 in Barcelona) is a Spanish novelist.	Enrique Vila-Matas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Xosé Luís Méndez Ferrín (Ourense, 7 August 1938) is a Galician writer and poet and is widely considered the highest representative of contemporary Galician literature.	Xosé Luís Méndez Ferrín	Galician
languages spoken or written	Park Ynhui (born February 26, 1930) is a South Korean poet and writer who publishes under the name Park Yeemun in Korean.	Park Ynhui	Korean
languages spoken or written	François Pallu, MEP (1626--1684) was a French bishop.	François Pallu	French
languages spoken or written	István Gyöngyösi (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈɟøɲɟøʃi); 1620, Rozsnyóbánya -- July 24, 1704), Hungarian poet, was born into a poor but noble parents.	István Gyöngyösi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Philip Hall FRS (11 April 1904 -- 30 December 1982), was an English mathematician.	Philip Hall	English
languages spoken or written	Raleb Majadele (Arabic: غالب مجادلة‎, Levantine Arabic: (ˈɣaːleb maˈʒaːdele); Hebrew: ראלב מג'אדלה‎, (ˈʁäleb mäˈd͡ʒädele); also spelt Ghaleb Majadele, born 5 April 1953) is an Israeli Arab politician.	Raleb Majadele	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Simon West (born 1961) is an English film director.	Simon West	English
languages spoken or written	Teresa Bogusławska (13 July 1929 - 1 February 1945) was a Polish poet and a participant in the Warsaw Uprising.	Teresa Bogusławska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Ellen Marriage (26 August 1865 -- 23 December 1946) was an English translator from French, notably of Balzac's novels.	Ellen Marriage	English
languages spoken or written	Luis Menéndez Pidal (1860--1932) was a Spanish genre painter, brother of Juan and Ramón Menéndez Pidal.	Luis Menéndez Pidal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ján Hollý (contemporary orthography: Gán Hollí; 24 March 1785, Borský Mikuláš -- 14 April 1849, Dobrá Voda) was a Slovak poet and translator.	Ján Hollý	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Antonythasan Jesuthasan (Tamil: அந்தோனிதாசன் யேசுதாசன்; born 1967), also known by the pseudonym Shobasakthi (Tamil: ஷோபா சக்தி), is a Sri Lankan Tamil author and actor.	Antonythasan Jesuthasan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Willi van Ooyen (born 23 February 1947 in Weeze) is a German politician of the socialist Linke Party, and current leader of the Linke party's bloc in the Hessian Landtag.	Willi van Ooyen	German
languages spoken or written	Raymond Georges Yves Tanguy (January 5, 1900 -- January 15, 1955), known as Yves Tanguy, was a French surrealist painter.	Yves Tanguy	French
languages spoken or written	Lars Widding, born 31 October 1924 in Umeå, Västerbotten, died 3 March 1994, was a Swedish author and journalist, best known for his historic novels.	Lars Widding	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Alberto Carneiro (born 1936 in São Mamede de Coronado, Coronado, Portugal) is a Portuguese artist.	Alberto Carneiro	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Jules Robert Auguste (1789 -- 15 April 1850) was a French painter associated with Romanticism and classicism.	Jules Robert Auguste	French
languages spoken or written	Elizabeth Boyle, Countess of Guilford (née Feilding; died circa 3 September 1667) was an English peeress.	Elizabeth Boyle, Countess of Guilford	English
languages spoken or written	Edward Cave (27 February 1691 -- 10 January 1754) was an English printer, editor and publisher.	Edward Cave	English
languages spoken or written	James Fillis (1834--1913) was a well-known English-born French riding master.	James Fillis	English
languages spoken or written	Jacqueline Marval was the pseudonym for Marie Josephine Vallet (1866-1932), a French painter, lithographer, and sculptor.	Jacqueline Marval	French
languages spoken or written	Oscar Walter Cisek ((tsízek) or (tšisek); December 6, 1897 - May 30, 1966) was a Romanian writer, diplomat, and art critic, who authored short stories, novels, poems and essays in both German and Romanian.	Oscar Walter Cisek	German
languages spoken or written	Jacqueline Robin (December 11, 1917 in Saint-Astier, Dordogne -- February 3, 2007 in Taverny) was a French pianist.	Jacqueline Robin	French
languages spoken or written	Walter Janka (born Chemnitz 29 April 1914: died Kleinmachnow 17 March 1994) was a German communist, political activist and writer who became a publisher.	Walter Janka	German
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Caron (24 February 1904 -- 3 March 1998) was an Italian Christian Democratic Party (CDP) politician who was a Minister in successive governments in the 1950s to the 1970s, and a European Commissioner.	Giuseppe Caron	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gennaro Granito Pignatelli di Belmonte (April 10, 1851 -- February 16, 1948) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and a prominent member of the Roman Curia.	Gennaro Granito Pignatelli di Belmonte	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giacomo Biffi (13 June 1928 -- 11 July 2015) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Giacomo Biffi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Guido del Giudice (born August 14, 1957) is an Italian philosopher and writer.	Guido del Giudice	Italian
languages spoken or written	Anthea Bell OBE (born 1936) is an English translator who has translated numerous literary works, especially children's literature, from French, German and Danish to English.	Anthea Bell	German
languages spoken or written	Stephen Thrower (born 9 December 1963, Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, England) is an English musician and author.	Stephen Thrower	English
languages spoken or written	Nathan Bistritzky (Hebrew נתן ביסטריצקי , Russia 1896-Tel Aviv, 1980) was a Russian-born Israeli writer and translator.	Nathan Bistritzky	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Sir John Frederick Bridge CVO (5 December 1844 -- 18 March 1924) was an English organist, composer, teacher and writer.	Frederick Bridge	English
languages spoken or written	Garcia de Orta (or Garcia d'Orta) (1501? -- 1568) was a Portuguese Renaissance Sephardi Jewish physician, herbalist and naturalist.	Garcia de Orta	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Abhishek Bachchan (born 5 February 1976) is an Indian film actor, producer and playback singer best known for his work in Hindi films.	Abhishek Bachchan	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Iván Sánchez (born Madrid, Spain, November 19, 1974) is a Spanish actor and model.	Iván Sánchez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yang Shen (simplified Chinese: 杨慎; traditional Chinese: 楊慎; pinyin: Yáng Shèn; 1488--1559) was a poet in the Chinese Ming dynasty.	Yang Shen	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Alexis Emmanuel Chabrier (French: (ɛmanɥɛl ʃabʁie); January 18, 1841 -- September 13, 1894) was a French Romantic composer and pianist.	Emmanuel Chabrier	French
languages spoken or written	Ewan Pearson is an English electronic music producer/remixer who works under various aliases including Maas, Sulky Pup, Villa America, World of Apples, and Dirtbox.	Ewan Pearson	English
languages spoken or written	Jens Peter Jacobsen (7 April 1847 -- 30 April 1885) was a Danish novelist, poet, and scientist, in Denmark often just written as ``J. P. Jacobsen'' (and pronounced ``I. P. Jacobsen'').	Jens Peter Jacobsen	Danish
languages spoken or written	Maurizio Cattelan (21 September 1960, Padua, Italy) is an Italian artist.	Maurizio Cattelan	Italian
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Gerola (2 April 1877 - 21 March 1938) was an Italian historian known for his involvement in monument restoration projects, his studies on Venetian Crete and his investigation of political, cultural and artistic topics related to medieval Trentino.	Giuseppe Gerola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Naumann (25 March 1860 -- 24 August 1919) was a German liberal politician and Protestant parish pastor.	Friedrich Naumann	German
languages spoken or written	Samuel ibn Seneh Zarza (Hebrew: שמואל אבן סנה) was a Spanish philosopher who lived at Valencia in the second half of the 14th century.	Samuel ibn Seneh Zarza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Radoje Domanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Радоје Домановић) (February 16, 1873 - August 17, 1908) was a Serbian writer and teacher, most famous for his satirical short stories.	Radoje Domanović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Carme Ruscalleda i Serra (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkaɾmə ruskəˈʎɛðə)) is the renowned Spanish - Catalan chef of the restaurant Sant Pau in Sant Pol de Mar, near Barcelona, Spain.	Carme Ruscalleda	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Karyme Lozano (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈɾime loˈsano); born Karyme Lucía Virginia Lozano Carreno on April 3, 1978 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actress.	Karyme Lozano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stéphane Audeguy (born 1964 Tours) is an award-winning French novelist and essayist.	Stéphane Audeguy	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi Ghirri (Scandiano, 5 January 1943 -- Roncocesi, 14 February 1992) was an Italian artist and photographer who gained a far-reaching reputation as a pioneer and master of contemporary photography, with particular reference to its relationship between fiction and reality.	Luigi Ghirri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antonio Genovesi (November 1, 1713 -- September 22, 1769) was an Italian writer on philosophy and political economy.	Antonio Genovesi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Magendie (Bordeaux, 21 May 1766 - Paris, 26 March 1835) was a French Navy officer.	Jean-Jacques Magendie	French
languages spoken or written	Arturo Islas, Jr. (May 25, 1938 -- February 15, 1991), a native of El Paso, Texas, was a professor of English and a novelist, writing about the experience of Chicano cultural duality.	Arturo Islas	English
languages spoken or written	Miro Gavran (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (mǐːro ɡâʋraːn)) is a contemporary Croatian writer of short stories, fiction and drama.	Miro Gavran	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Nicolas-Jacques Conté (4 August 1755 -- 6 December 1805) was a French painter, balloonist, army officer, and inventor of the modern pencil.	Nicolas-Jacques Conté	French
languages spoken or written	Tytus Czyżewski (1880--1945) was a Polish painter, art theoretician, Futurist poet, playwright, member of the Polish Formists, and Colorist.	Tytus Czyżewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Utrillo (French: (mɔʁis ytʁijo)), born Maurice Valadon (26 December 1883 -- 5 November 1955), was a French painter who specialized in cityscapes.	Maurice Utrillo	French
languages spoken or written	Edgar Aubert de la Rüe (1901--1991) was a French geographer, geologist, traveller and photographer who was primarily devoted to the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Kerguelen, and Vanuatu.	Edgar Aubert de la Rüe	French
languages spoken or written	Walter Brandorff (born 1943 in Munich, Germany; died 8 August 1996, in Carinthia, Austria) was a German-Austrian author.	Walter Brandorff	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre Berthier (3 July 1782, Nemours, Seine-et-Marne -- 24 August 1861) was a French geologist and mining engineer.	Pierre Berthier	French
languages spoken or written	Emily Patrick (born October 4, 1959) is an English figurative painter.	Emily Patrick	English
languages spoken or written	Sushil Parashar is a veteran Indian actor, known for his work in the Hindi television industry and in Bollywood.	Sushil Parashar	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Seyfried (born March 15, 1948) is a German comic artist, cartoonist, and writer.	Gerhard Seyfried	German
languages spoken or written	René Taton (4 April 1915 -- 9 August 2004) was a French author, historian of science, and long co-editor (along with Suzanne Delorme) of the Revue d'histoire des sciences.	René Taton	French
languages spoken or written	Jenő Dsida (Hungarian: Dsida Jenő Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈd͡ʒidɒ ˈjɛnøː) 17 May 1907 -- 7 June 1938) was a Hungarian poet and translator.	Jenő Dsida	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Alphonse Lusignan (b. at Saint-Denis-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, 27 September 1843; d. 5 January 1893) was a French-Canadian writer.	Jean-Baptiste-Alphonse Lusignan	French
languages spoken or written	Magdalena Parys (born 1971) is a Polish writer and translator.	Magdalena Parys	Polish
languages spoken or written	Emil Lewis Holmdahl (August 26, 1883 -- April 8, 1963) was a machine gunner, soldier of fortune, spy, gun runner, and treasure hunter who fought under John J. Pershing in the Spanish--	Emil Lewis Holmdahl	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Einar Thomassen (born 25 April 1951) is a Norwegian religious studies scholar.	Einar Thomassen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Luís Espinal Camps (1932--1980), also known by the nickname ``Lucho'' and by the Catalan name Lluís Espinal i Camps, was a Spanish Jesuit priest, poet, journalist, filmmaker, and film critic.	Luís Espinal Camps	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Thomas Littleton, 3rd Baronet (3 April 1647 -- 31 December 1709), often Thomas de Littleton, was an English and British statesman from the extended Littleton/Lyttelton family.	Sir Thomas Littleton, 3rd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Wallace, 1st Baron Wallace PC (1768 -- 23 February 1844) was an English politician.	Thomas Wallace, 1st Baron Wallace	English
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Le Riche (born 29 January 1972, Sartrouville, Yvelines) is a French ballet dancer.	Nicolas Le Riche	French
languages spoken or written	Henri Pierre (May 20, 1918 -- February 17, 1994) was a French journalist, who co-founded newspaper Le Monde in 1944.	Henri Pierre	French
languages spoken or written	Andrzej Niemojewski (1864--1921) was a Polish social and political activist, poet and writer of the Young Poland period.	Andrzej Niemojewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Benigno Zaccagnini (Italian pronunciation: (beˈniɲɲo dzakkaɲˈɲiːni); April 17, 1912 -- November 5, 1989) was an Italian politician and physician.	Benigno Zaccagnini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Iwan Knorr (3 January 1853 -- 22 January 1916) was a German composer and teacher of music.	Iwan Knorr	German
languages spoken or written	Bohdan Urbankowski (born 19 May 1943 in Warsaw) is a Polish writer, poet and philosopher.	Bohdan Urbankowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Fethiye Çetin (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈfethiːje ˈtʃetin)) (born 1950 in Maden, Elazığ Province) is a Turkish lawyer, writer and human rights activist.	Fethiye Çetin	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Adrien Hardy (born July 30, 1978 in Nîmes, France) is a French rower and Olympic gold medallist.	Adrien Hardy	French
languages spoken or written	Fabius Planciades Fulgentius (fl. late 5th -- early 6th century) was a Latin writer of late antiquity.	Fabius Planciades Fulgentius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Dušan T. Bataković (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Т. Батаковић; born April 23, 1957 in Belgrade) is a Serbian historian and diplomat.	Dušan T. Bataković	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Gabriel Bibron (20 October 1805 -- 27 March 1848) was a French zoologist, and herpetologist.	Gabriel Bibron	French
languages spoken or written	Werner Lamberz (14 April 1929 -- 6 March 1978) was a senior politician in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).	Werner Lamberz	German
languages spoken or written	Walter Weldon (1832--1885) was an English chemist, journalist, and fashion publisher.	Walter Weldon	English
languages spoken or written	Jnanadabhiram Barua (Assamese: জ্ঞানদাভিৰাম বৰুৱা; 1880-1955) was a notable writer, dramatist, and translator of Assam.	Jnanadabhiram Barua	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Samuel Gustaf Hermelin (4 April 1744, Stockholm -- 4 March 1820) was a Swedish industrialist, diplomat and cartographer.	Samuel Gustaf Hermelin	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Olivinho Gomes (b.St Estevam, Goa, 1943--July 30, 2009) was an eminent Konkani scholar and former acting vice chancellor of the Goa University.	Olivinho Gomes	Konkani
languages spoken or written	Werner Beierwaltes is a German academic born in 1931 in Klingenberg am Main.	Werner Beierwaltes	German
languages spoken or written	Erzsébet Galgóczi (27 August 1930 -- 20 May 1989) was a Hungarian writer, playwright, and screenwriter.	Erzsébet Galgóczi	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	(William) Stanley Houghton (20 February 1881 -- 11 December 1913) was an English playwright.	Stanley Houghton	English
languages spoken or written	Pablo Nassarre (or Nasarre; 1650--1730) was a Spanish priest, organist, and Baroque composer.	Pablo Nassarre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sébastien Lifshitz (born 22 January 1968) is a French screenwriter and director.	Sébastien Lifshitz	French
languages spoken or written	Samuel Parr (26 January 1747 -- 6 March 1825), was an English schoolmaster, writer, minister and Doctor of Law.	Samuel Parr	English
languages spoken or written	Detlev F. Neufert (born 1948) is a German author, filmmaker, photographer and current president of the German Thai Media Association.	Detlev F. Neufert	German
languages spoken or written	John Hall-Stevenson (1718--1785), in his youth known as John Hall, was an English country gentleman and writer.	John Hall-Stevenson	English
languages spoken or written	Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel (1774 -- 10 January 1846) was a French soldier and entomologist.	Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Muñoz Molina (born 10 January 1956) is a Spanish writer and, since 8 June 1995, a full member of the Royal Spanish Academy.	Antonio Muñoz Molina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tamara Łempicka, commonly known as Tamara de Lempicka (16 May 1898 -- 18 March 1980) was a Polish Art Deco painter and ``the first woman artist to be a glamour star''.	Tamara de Lempicka	Polish
languages spoken or written	Pennie Smith (born in London) is an English photographer, known for having photographed several rock musicians.	Pennie Smith	English
languages spoken or written	Hemchandra Goswami (Assamese: হেমচন্দ্ৰ গোস্বামী; 1872-1928) was an eminent writer, poet, historian, teacher and a linguist from Assam in the early part of modern Assamese literature.	Hemchandra Goswami	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Concha Piquer (8 December 1908 -- 12 December 1990), born María de la Concepción Piquer López, was a Spanish singer and actress, sometimes billed as Conchita Piquer.	Concha Piquer	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lars Ahlin (April 4, 1915 -- March 11, 1997) was an award winning Swedish author and aesthetician.	Lars Ahlin	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Aldo Palazzeschi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈaldo palatˈtseski); 2 February 1885 -- 17 August 1974) was the pen name of Aldo Giurlani, an Italian novelist, poet, journalist and essayist.	Aldo Palazzeschi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Enrico Hillyer Giglioli (June 13, 1845 -- December 16, 1909) was an Italian zoologist and anthropologist.	Enrico Hillyer Giglioli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kanu Roy was an Indian film actor, and music composer in Hindi and Bengali films.	Kanu Roy	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Isaac Grünewald (2 September 1889 -- 22 May 1946) was a Swedish-Jewish expressionist painter born in Stockholm.	Isaac Grünewald	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Simon François Ravenet (1706- c.4 April 1764) In Britain usually termed Simon Francis Ravenet, was a French engraver.	Simon François Ravenet	French
languages spoken or written	Manfred Berg is a German historian who serves as the Curt Engelhorn Chair in American History at Heidelberg University.	Manfred Berg	German
languages spoken or written	Luigi Groto, also called Cieco d'Adria or Cieco D'Hadria (the blind man of Adria) (born 7 September 1541, died 13 December 1585), was a blind Italian poet, lutenist, playwright and actor.	Luigi Groto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Herwig Görgemanns (born 1931) is a German classicist, former professor and emeritus of classical philology at Heidelberg University.	Herwig Görgemanns	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Maccanico (4 August 1924 -- 23 April 2013) was an Italian constitutional specialist and social liberal politician, who served in various capacities in the parliament and federal administrations of Italy.	Antonio Maccanico	Italian
languages spoken or written	Levon Ananyan (Armenian: Լևոն Անանյան; 13 October 1946 -- 2 September 2013) was an Armenian journalist and translator.	Levon Ananyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Jan-Ole Gerster (born in 1978 in Hagen) is a German film director and screenwriter.	Jan-Ole Gerster	German
languages spoken or written	Caroline Lamarche (born 3 March 1955) is a French-speaking writer.	Caroline Lamarche	French
languages spoken or written	Minamoto no Shigeyuki (Japanese: 源 重之) (died 1000) was an early Heian waka poet and nobleman.	Minamoto no Shigeyuki	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Francisco Javier Krahe de Salas (30 March 1944 -- 12 July 2015) was a Spanish singer active from 1980.	Javier Krahe	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Antonio Nieves Conde (22 December 1915 in Segovia, Castilla y León, Spain -- 14 September 2006) was a Spanish film director and screenplay writer.	José Antonio Nieves Conde	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pascual Enguídanos Usach, (Liria, Spain 13 December 1923 - 28 March 2006) also known by his pseudonyms George H. White and Van S. Smith, was a Spanish science fiction writer.	Pascual Enguídanos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Azem Vllasi (Serbo-Croatian: Azem Vlasi; born 1948) is a senior Kosovo Albanian politician and lawyer.	Azem Vllasi	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Maria-Antonietta Macciocchi (1922-2007) was an Italian journalist, writer, feminist and politician, member of the Radical Party and member of the Italian Parliament and European level.	Maria-Antonietta Macciocchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Enzo Mari (born 1932) is a noted Italian modernist artist and furniture designer.	Enzo Mari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Heinz Hoffmann (28 November 1910 -- 2 December 1985) was Minister of National Defense in the Council of Ministers of the German Democratic Republic, and since 2 October 1973 Member of the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party (SED).	Heinz Hoffmann	German
languages spoken or written	Jiří Orten (born ``Jiří Ohrenstein'' in Kutná Hora on August 30, 1919; died September 1, 1941) was a Czech poet.	Jiří Orten	Czech
languages spoken or written	Dai Zhen (Chinese: 戴震; pinyin: Dài Zhèn; Wade--Giles: Tai Chen, January 19, 1724 -- July 1, 1777) was a prominent Chinese scholar of the Qing dynasty from Xiuning, Anhui.	Dai Zhen	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Mo Yingfeng (simplified Chinese: 莫应丰; traditional Chinese: 莫應豐; pinyin: Mò Yìngfēng; 1938 - 1989) was a Chinese novelist who was the director of China Writers Association.	Mo Yingfeng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Stipe Šuvar (February 17, 1936 -- June 29, 2004) was a leading Croatian and Yugoslav politician and sociologist.	Stipe Šuvar	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Raffaele Viviani (10 January 1888 in Castellammare di Stabia, Province of Naples -- 22 March 1950) was an Italian author, playwright, actor and musician.	Raffaele Viviani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marisol del Olmo (Spanish pronunciation: (maɾiˈsol ðel ˈolmo)) is a Mexican telenovela actress.	Marisol del Olmo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Étienne Maurice Falconet (1 December 1716 -- 24 January 1791) is counted among the first rank of French Rococo sculptors, whose patron was Mme de Pompadour.	Étienne Maurice Falconet	French
languages spoken or written	Jalu Kurek (born February 29, 1904 in Kraków, died November 10, 1983 in Rabka) was a Polish poet and prose writer, one of the figures of the so-called Kraków avant-garde.	Jalu Kurek	Polish
languages spoken or written	Hajji Anang Abdul Hamidhan (25 February 1909 -- 1997), better known as A.A. Hamidhan, was an Indonesian freedom fighter and journalist from South Kalimantan.	A.A. Hamidhan	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Maria von Welser (born 26 June 1946 in Munich) is a German TV journalist and the President of UNICEF Germany.	Maria von Welser	German
languages spoken or written	Theo Breuer (born March 30, 1956) is a German poet, essayist, editor, translator and publisher.	Theo Breuer	German
languages spoken or written	Michael Grzimek (April 12, 1934, Berlin -- January 10, 1959, Salei-Ebene, Serengeti in Tanganyika, now Tanzania) was a German zoologist, conservationist and filmmaker.	Michael Grzimek	German
languages spoken or written	Pedro Tafur (or Pero Tafur) (c. 1410 -- c. 1484) was a Spanish traveler, historian and writer.	Pedro Tafur	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hélène Metzger (26 August 1889 -- 7 March 1944) was a French philosopher of science and historian of science.	Hélène Metzger	French
languages spoken or written	Riccardo Ventre (born on 20 June 1944 in Formicola) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for Southern with the Forza Italia, part of the European People's Party and is vice-chair of the European Parliament's Committee on Constitutional Affairs.	Riccardo Ventre	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mario Sironi (May 12, 1885 -- August 13, 1961) was an Italian modernist artist who was active as a painter, sculptor, illustrator, and designer.	Mario Sironi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne (15 February 1704 -- 1778) was a French sculptor and among the greatest French portraitists.	Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Varenne (12 June 1926 -- 12 July 1997) was a French Indologist, born in Marseille.	Jean Varenne	French
languages spoken or written	Franco Ferrarotti, OMRI (born April 7, 1926) is an Italian sociologist and a former member of the Italian Parliament.	Franco Ferrarotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Elert Bode (German: (ˈboːdə); 19 January 1747 -- 23 November 1826) was a German astronomer known for his reformulation and popularization of the Titius--	Johann Elert Bode	German
languages spoken or written	Christl Verduyn (born 1953) is Professor of English Literature and Canadian Studies at Mount Allison University.	Christl Verduyn	English
languages spoken or written	Stephen Romer, FRSL is an English poet, academic and literary critic.	Stephen Romer	English
languages spoken or written	Edward Balcerzan (born in Vovchansk, Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine, 13 October 1937) is a Polish literary critic, poet, prose writer, and translator.	Edward Balcerzan	Polish
languages spoken or written	Colley Cibber (6 November 1671 -- 11 December 1757) was an English actor-manager, playwright and Poet Laureate.	Colley Cibber	English
languages spoken or written	Nicolas-Claude Fabri de Peiresc (1 December 1580 -- 24 June 1637), often known simply as Peiresc, or by the Latin form of his name Peirescius, was a French astronomer, antiquary and savant, who maintained a wide correspondence with scientists, and was a successful organizer of scientific inquiry.	Nicolas-Claude Fabri de Peiresc	Latin	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Bonny (1895 -- 26 December 1944) was a French police officer.	Pierre Bonny	French
languages spoken or written	Ellen Franz (30 May 1839 -- 24 March 1923) was a German pianist and actress.	Ellen Franz	German
languages spoken or written	María del Carmen Martínez-Bordiú y Franco (born 26 February 1951 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish aristocrat and social figure.	María del Carmen Martínez-Bordiú y Franco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maurice Vaïsse (born 7 May 1942 in Algiers) is a French historian specialised in international relations and Defence.	Maurice Vaïsse	French
languages spoken or written	Vijayalalitha or Vijaya Lalitha (Telugu: విజయలలిత) was a Telugu/Tamil/Malayalam/Hindi actress in the 1960s and 1970s.	Vijaya Lalitha	Malayalam	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Augustin Marlorat du Pasquier (Augustinus Marloratus) (1506-October 31, 1562) was a French Protestant reformer, executed on a treason charge.	Augustin Marlorat	French
languages spoken or written	Charles-Antoine Coypel (11 July 1694 -- 15 June 1752) was a French painter, art commentator, and playwright.	Charles-Antoine Coypel	French
languages spoken or written	Anne Barton (previously Righter, born BarbaraAnn Roesen; 9 May 1933 − 11 November 2013) was a renowned American-English scholar and Shakespearean critic.	Anne Barton	English
languages spoken or written	Claude Buridant (born February 12, 1938 in Arras) is a French linguist, professor emeritus of French and Romance philology at the University of Strasbourg (formerly Marc Bloch University) in Strasbourg.	Claude Buridant	French
languages spoken or written	Russell Robartes, FRS (1671--1719) was an English Teller of the Exchequer and MP.	Russell Robartes	English
languages spoken or written	Vanessa Beecroft (born April 25, 1969) is an Italian contemporary artist living in Los Angeles.	Vanessa Beecroft	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henri de Boulainvilliers (French: (də bulɛ̃vilje); 21 October 1658, Saint-Saire, Normandy -- 23 January 1722, Paris) was a French nobleman, writer and historian.	Henri de Boulainvilliers	French
languages spoken or written	José Luis de Vilallonga y Cabeza de Vaca, 9th Marquess of Castellbell (29 January 1920 -- 30 August 2007) was a Spanish author, aristocrat and actor who co-starred with Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Julie Christie in Darling.	José Luis de Vilallonga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jade Boho Sayo (born 30 August 1986), commonly known as Jade, is a Spanish-born Equatorial Guinean professional footballer who plays as a striker for Reading of England's FA WSL.	Jade Boho	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paula Vázquez Picallo (born 26 November 1974), popularly known as Paula Vázquez, is a Spanish television presenter, also known for her modelling career in the fashion industry as well as her acting.	Paula Vázquez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Isabel Coixet Castillo (Catalan pronunciation: (izəˈβɛɫ kuˈʃɛt); born 9 April 1960) is a Spanish film director.	Isabel Coixet	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joseph Decaisne (7 March 1807 -- January 1882) was a French botanist and agronomist.	Joseph Decaisne	French
languages spoken or written	Salvatore Fiume (23 October 1915 -- 3 June 1997) was an Italian painter, sculptor, architect, writer and stage designer.	Salvatore Fiume	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luigi Salerno (1924--1992) was an Italian historian of Italian art and historiographer.	Luigi Salerno	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alexander Pope (21 May 1688 -- 30 May 1744) was an 18th-century English poet.	Alexander Pope	English
languages spoken or written	Hanna Hellquist (real name: Hanna Victoria Hellqvist, born 24 July 1980 in Karlstad) is a Swedish journalist, TV host and writer.	Hanna Hellquist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky (Russian: Моде́ст Ильи́ч Чайко́вский; 13 May (O.S. 1 May) 1850--15 January (O.S. 2 January) 1916) was a Russian dramatist, opera librettist and translator.	Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky	Russian
languages spoken or written	Jean Ribault (1520 -- October 12, 1565) was a French naval officer, navigator, and a colonizer of what would become the southeastern United States.	Jean Ribault	French
languages spoken or written	Léon Gustave Schlumberger (17 October 1844 -- 9 May 1929) was a French historian and numismatist who specialised in the era of the crusades and the Byzantine Empire.	Gustave Schlumberger	French
languages spoken or written	José del Campillo y Cossío (February 13, 1693 in Alles, Peñamellera Alta, Asturias -- April 11, 1743 in Madrid), was a Spanish statesman.	José del Campillo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis-Vincent Thomas (20 May 1922 -- 22 January 1994) was a French sociologist, anthropologist, ethnologist, and scholar whose specialty was Africa.	Louis-Vincent Thomas	French
languages spoken or written	Jean Désiré Gustave Courbet (French: (ɡystav kuʁbɛ); 10 June 1819 -- 31 December 1877) was a French painter who led the Realist movement in 19th-century French painting.	Gustave Courbet	French
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Christian Delius (born 1943) is an acclaimed German writer.	Friedrich Christian Delius	German
languages spoken or written	Konstantine Gamsakhurdia (Georgian: კონსტანტინე გამსახურდია) (May 3, 1893 -- July 17, 1975) was a Georgian writer and public figure, who, along with Mikheil Javakhishvili, is considered to be one of the most influential Georgian novelists of the 20th century.	Konstantine Gamsakhurdia	Georgian
languages spoken or written	August Friedrich Müller (15 December 1684 -- 1 May 1761) was a German legal scholar and logician.	August Friedrich Müller	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio Citterio (1950, Meda - ) is an Italian architect, furniture designer and industrial designer who lives and works in Milan.	Antonio Citterio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Eugen Kapp (13 May 1908 -- 29 October 1996) was an Estonian composer and music educator.	Eugen Kapp	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz-Rietberg (Czech: Václav Antonín z Kounic a Rietbergu, German: Wenzel Anton Fürst von Kaunitz-Rietberg) (2 February 1711 -- 27 June 1794) was a diplomat and statesman of the Holy Roman Empire.	Wenzel Anton, Prince of Kaunitz-Rietberg	German
languages spoken or written	Ricciotto Canudo (2 January 1877 -- 1923) was an early Italian film theoretician who lived primarily in France.	Ricciotto Canudo	Italian
languages spoken or written	María Teresa Táboas Veleiro (born 1961 in Mexico City, Mexico) is an architect, professor and Galician politician.	Teresa Táboas	Galician
languages spoken or written	Wang Jingwei (Wang Ching-wei; 4 May 1883 -- 10 November 1944); born as Wang Zhaoming (Wang Chao-ming), but widely known by his pen name ``Jingwei'', was a Chinese politician.	Wang Jingwei	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Sarah Bowdich Lee (née Wallis) (10 Sep 1791 - 22 Sep 1856) was an English author, illustrator, traveller, zoologist, botanist, and pteridologist.	Sarah Bowdich Lee	English
languages spoken or written	Abílio Manuel Guerra Junqueiro (September 17, 1850 -- July 7, 1923) was a Portuguese top civil servant, member of the Portuguese House of Representatives, journalist, author, and poet.	Guerra Junqueiro	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Michael Reeves (17 October 1943 -- 11 February 1969) was an English film director and screenwriter.	Michael Reeves	English
languages spoken or written	Bella Fromm (20 December 1890 -- 9 February 1972) was a German journalist and author of Jewish origin, who lived in exile in the United States from 1938.	Bella Fromm	German
languages spoken or written	Luis Bayón Herrera (23 September 1889 -- 30 March 1956) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter who worked in Argentine film of the 1940s and 1950s.	Luis Bayón Herrera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bernardo de Alderete (1565--1645) was a Spanish erudite and writer.	Bernardo de Alderete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Íngrid Coronado Fritz (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈiŋɡɾið koɾoˈnaðo); born July 12, 1974 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a well-known Mexican television personality.	Íngrid Coronado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ambrosio de Benavides Medina Liñán y Torres (January 20, 1718 -- April 27, 1787 ) was a Spanish colonial administrator who served as Royal Governor of Puerto Rico, Royal Governor of Charcas and Royal Governor of Chile.	Ambrosio de Benavides	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hubert Knoblauch (born March 21, 1959) is a German sociologist, he is known for his work on Sociology of knowledge, Sociology of Religion, Qualitative research and Videography.	Hubert Knoblauch	German
languages spoken or written	Batya Gur (Hebrew: בתיה גור‎, 1 September 1947 -- 19 May 2005) was an Israeli writer.	Batya Gur	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Edward Capern (21 January 1819 -- 5 June 1894), was an English poet, best known for The Devonshire Melodist and Wayside Warbles.	Edward Capern	English
languages spoken or written	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay, alternatively spelt as Sarat Chandra Chatterjee, (15 September 1876 -- 16 January 1938), was a Bengali novelist and short story writer of early 20th century.	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	François Hinard (27 September 1941 -- 19 September 2008) was a French historian specialising in Ancient Rome.	François Hinard	French
languages spoken or written	Carmen Blanco (Lugo, Galicia, Spain, 1954) is a Spanish feminist writer and activist.	Carmen Blanco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francesco Mario Pagano (8 December 1748 -- 29 October 1799) was an Italian jurist, author, thinker, and the founder of the Neapolitan school of law.	Francesco Mario Pagano	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Dee (13 July 1527 -- 1608 or 1609) was an English mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, occult philosopher, imperialist, and adviser to Queen Elizabeth I. He devoted much of his life to the study of alchemy, divination, and Hermetic philosophy.	John Dee	English
languages spoken or written	Don Pedro de Alberni, sometimes known as Pere d'Alberní i Teixidor in Catalan (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈpeɾə ðəɫβərˈni)) (Tortosa, January 30, 1747 -- Monterrey, New Spain, March 11, 1802) was a Spanish soldier who served the Spanish Crown for almost all his life.	Pedro de Alberni	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Léon Serpollet (4 October 1858 - 1 February 1907) was a French industrialist and pioneer of steam automobiles, under the Gardner-Serpollet brand.	Léon Serpollet	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Jaulin (7 March 1928, Le Cannet, Alpes-Maritimes -- 21 November 1996, Grosrouvre) was a French ethnologist.	Robert Jaulin	French
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Penone (born 3 April 1947) is an Italian artist.	Giuseppe Penone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Otto Gutfreund (August 1889 -- 2 June 1927), also written Oto Gutfreund, was a Czech-Czechoslovak sculptor.	Otto Gutfreund	Czech
languages spoken or written	Sukanta Bhattacharya (Bengali: সুকান্ত ভট্টাচার্য) ( Bhôṭṭācharjo ) (15 August 1926 -- 13 May 1947) was a Bengali poet and playwright.	Sukanta Bhattacharya	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Andri Snær Magnason is an Icelandic writer.	Andri Snær Magnason	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Julián Ribera y Tarragó (Carcaixent, Valencia, 19 February 1858 -- 2 May 1934, La Pobla Llarga, Valencia) was a Spanish Arabist and academic.	Julián Ribera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Croizon (born 1968) is a French athlete and the first quadruple amputee to swim across the English Channel.	Philippe Croizon	French
languages spoken or written	Ville Ranta is a Finnish cartoonist from Oulu.	Ville Ranta	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Hermann Brockhaus (January 28, 1806 -- January 5, 1877) was a German Orientalist born in Amsterdam.	Hermann Brockhaus	German
languages spoken or written	George Boole (/ˈbuːl/; 2 November 1815 -- 8 December 1864) was an English mathematician, educator, philosopher and logician.	George Boole	English
languages spoken or written	Aydilge Sarp (born 1979) is a Turkish writer, poet and singer-songwriter.	Aydilge	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Ignatius Mouradgea d'Ohsson (31 July 1740 - 27 August 1807) was an Armenian orientalist, historian and diplomat in Swedish service.	Ignatius Mouradgea d'Ohsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Sistanova were a German girl group from Frankfurt am Main, which was founded in 2005.	Sistanova	German
languages spoken or written	Miroslav Horníček (10 November 1918 in Plzeň -- 15 February 2003 in Liberec) was a Czech actor, writer, director, artist and theatre theoretician.	Miroslav Horníček	Czech
languages spoken or written	Giacopo Belgrado, (November 16, 1704 in Udine -- March 26, 1789 in Udine) Italian Jesuit and natural philosopher.	Giacopo Belgrado	Italian
languages spoken or written	Miquel Martí i Pol (Catalan pronunciation: (miˈkɛɫ mərˈti j ˈpɔɫ)) (19 March 1929 -- 11 November 2003) was one of the most popular Catalan poets in Catalan in the 20th century.	Miquel Martí i Pol	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Teja Narla (1996 -- March 2013) was an Indian Telugu cinema child actor who acted in the films like Murari, Kathanayakudu and Ramadhandu.	Teja Narla	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Feng Yuanjun (Chinese: 冯沅君, September 4, 1900 -- June 17, 1974) was a writer and scholar of Chinese classical literature and literary history.	Feng Yuanjun	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Linn Ullmann, originally Karin Beate Ullmann (born 9 August 1966, in Oslo, Norway), is a Norwegian author and journalist.	Linn Ullmann	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jan Łasicki (Latin: Johannis Lasitii or Lasicius; 1534--1602) was a Polish historian and theologian.	Jan Łasicki	Latin
languages spoken or written	Carlo Castellaneta (8 February 1930 - 28 September 2013) was an Italian author and journalist.	Carlo Castellaneta	Italian
languages spoken or written	Tharika is an Indian Tamil actress who has appeared in Tamil films and television serials.	Tharika	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Louise Marie-Jeanne Hersent-Mauduit (1784 -- 1862), was a 19th-century French painter.	Louise Marie-Jeanne Hersent-Mauduit	French
languages spoken or written	Eli Lotar (January 30, 1905 -- February 22, 1969) was a French photographer and cinematographer.	Eli Lotar	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Rolle (1290/1300-- late September 1349) was an English hermit, mystic, and religious writer.	Richard Rolle	English
languages spoken or written	Clive Barker (born 5 October 1952) is an English writer, film director, and visual artist best known for his work in both fantasy and horror fiction.	Clive Barker	English
languages spoken or written	Joseph Bernard (1866, Vienne, Isère -- 1931) was a modern classical French sculptor, featured on the frontispiece of Elie Faure's 1927 survey of modern art, ``Spirit of Forms''.	Joseph Bernard	French
languages spoken or written	José Miguel Monzón Navarro (15 May 1955, Madrid), better known as El Gran Wyoming (The Great Wyoming) or Guayo, is a Spanish television presenter, actor, musician, director and humorist.	El Gran Wyoming	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax PC FRS (11 November 1633 -- 5 April 1695) was an English statesman, writer, and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660, and in the House of Lords after he was raised to the peerage in 1668.	George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax	English
languages spoken or written	Richard Pischel (January 18, 1849 - December 26, 1908) was a German Indologist born in Breslau.	Richard Pischel	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Edmund Buckley, 1st Baronet (16 April 1834 -- 21 March 1910) was an English landowner and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1878.	Sir Edmund Buckley, 1st Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Niccola Francesco Ippolito Baldassarre Rosellini, known simply as Ippolito Rosellini (August 13, 1800 -- June 4, 1843) was an Italian Egyptologist.	Ippolito Rosellini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pietro Giannone (7 May 1676 -- 17 March 1748) was an Italian historian born in Ischitella, in the province of Foggia.	Pietro Giannone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hortensio Félix Paravicino y Arteaga (12 October 1580 -- 12 December 1633) was a Spanish preacher and poet from the noble house of Pallavicini.	Hortensio Félix Paravicino	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ruzha Lazarova (Bulgarian Cyrillic, Ружа Лазарова;Sofia, 1968) is a Bulgarian French language writer who currently lives in Paris.	Ruzha Lazarova	French
languages spoken or written	Ramon Muntaner (Catalan pronunciation: (rəˈmom muntəˈne)) (c. 1270 -- 1336 ) was a Catalan soldier and writer who wrote the Crònica, a chronicle of his life, including his adventures as a commander in the Catalan Company.	Ramon Muntaner	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Jean-Paul Goude (born 8 December 1940) is a French graphic designer, illustrator, photographer and advertising film director.	Jean-Paul Goude	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Lislet Geoffroy (23 August 1755 -- 8 February 1836) was a French astronomer, botanist and cartographer.	Jean-Baptiste Lislet Geoffroy	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Cernat (born August 5, 1972 in Bucharest) is a Romanian essayist and literary critic.	Paul Cernat	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Sukumaran became a popular film star in Malayalam cinema during the 1970s.	Sukumaran	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Jonas Hassen Khemiri (born 27 December 1978 in Stockholm) is an award-winning Swedish novelist and playwright.	Jonas Hassen Khemiri	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Goicoechea (21 January 1876, Barcelona - 11 February 1953) was an Alfonsine monarchist in Spain during the period of the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War.	Antonio Goicoechea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Manfred Karge (born Brandenburg an der Havel, 1938) is a German dramatist.	Manfred Karge	German
languages spoken or written	Jan Costin Wagner (Langen, b. Oct 13th 1972 - ) is a German crime fiction writer.	Jan Costin Wagner	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Paul Roux, PhD (5 January 1925 -- 29 June 2009) was a French Turkologue and a specialist of Islamic culture.	Jean-Paul Roux	French
languages spoken or written	Nakatsukasa (中務, 912--991) was a Japanese Waka poet from the middle Heian period.	Nakatsukasa	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Alexander Pendarves, MP (baptised 11 November 1662 -- 13 March 1726, London, England) was an English politician of the Tory party, and a wealthy landowner.	Alexander Pendarves	English
languages spoken or written	Jan Rokita (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjan rɔˈkʲita), born 18 June 1959 in Kraków) is a Polish conservative politician, a member of the Sejm, the lower chamber of the Polish parliament.	Jan Rokita	Polish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Saragat (Italian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛppe ˈsaːraɡat); 19 September 1898 -- 11 June 1988) was an Italian politician who was the fifth President of the Italian Republic from 1964 to 1971.	Giuseppe Saragat	Italian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Starkey (c. 1495--1538) was an English political theorist and humanist.	Thomas Starkey	English
languages spoken or written	Frederick William Hope (3 January 1797 -- 15 April 1862) was an English entomologist and founder of the Hope Department of Entomology at the University of Oxford.	Frederick William Hope	English
languages spoken or written	Hannes Hólmsteinn Gissurarson (born February 19, 1953 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is a professor of political science at the University of Iceland and a frequent commentator on current affairs in the Icelandic media.	Hannes Hólmsteinn Gissurarson	Icelandic
languages spoken or written	Bernardino de Sahagún (Spanish pronunciation: (bernarˈðino ðe saaˈɣun); 1499 -- October 23, 1590) was a Franciscan friar, missionary priest and pioneering ethnographer who participated in the Catholic evangelization of colonial New Spain (now Mexico).	Bernardino de Sahagún	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Enríquez Gómez (c. 1601 -- c. 1661), Spanish dramatist, poet and novelist of Portuguese-Jewish origin, was known in the early part of his career as Enríque Enríquez de Paz.	Antonio Enríquez Gómez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Babinet (French: (babinɛ); 5 March 1794 -- 21 October 1872) was a French physicist, mathematician, and astronomer who is best known for his contributions to optics.	Jacques Babinet	French
languages spoken or written	Max Dauthendey (25 July 1867 -- 29 August 1918) was a German author and painter of the impressionistic period.	Max Dauthendey	German
languages spoken or written	Simo Matavulj (Serbian: Симо Матавуљ, 14 September 1852 -- 20 February 1908) was a Serbian novelist, a representative of lyric realism, especially in short prose.	Simo Matavulj	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Louis Doutreleau (1909-2005) was a French Jesuit priest closely associated over a long period with the publishing enterprise of the Sources Chrétiennes Institute in Lyons.	Louis Doutreleau	French
languages spoken or written	Leah Moore (born 4 February 1978) is an English comic book writer, best known for Albion and Wild Girl.	Leah Moore	English
languages spoken or written	Erhard Wittek (3 December 1898 -- 4 June 1981), better known for his pen name Fritz Steuben, was a German author who wrote war novels and stories depicting American Indians (particularly the life of the Shawnee chief Tecumseh).	Fritz Steuben	German
languages spoken or written	Lucien Clergue (French: (klɛʁg); August 14, 1934 -- November 15, 2014) was a French photographer.	Lucien Clergue	French
languages spoken or written	François Marcela-Froideval (born 10 December 1958) is a French role-playing game creator, video game producer,and comic scenarist Froideval had a major influence on the introduction of role-playing games in France, mainly as editor in chief of the Casus Belli role-playing magazine.	François Marcela-Froideval	French
languages spoken or written	Sir William Stapleton, 4th Baronet (c.1698--1740) was an English politician and Jacobite.	Sir William Stapleton, 4th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Fabrice d'Almeida was born on 15 November 1963 and is a French historian.	Fabrice d'Almeida	French
languages spoken or written	Mouna Noureddine (Arabic: منى نور الدين‎) (born in Tunis on January 23, 1937) is a Tunisian actress.	Mouna Noureddine	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Annette Becker (1953) is a French historian specializing in study of World War I. She is daughter of the historian Jean-Jacques Becker.	Annette Becker	French
languages spoken or written	Carl Louis Ferdinand von Lindemann (April 12, 1852 -- March 6, 1939) was a German mathematician, noted for his proof, published in 1882, that π (pi) is a transcendental number, meaning it is not a root of any polynomial with rational coefficients.	Ferdinand von Lindemann	German
languages spoken or written	Thomas Heywood (/ˈheɪwʊd/; early 1570s -- 16 August 1641) was a prominent English playwright, actor, and author.	Thomas Heywood	English
languages spoken or written	Georges Hanna Sabbagh (1877--1951) was an Egyptian and French artist.	Georges Hanna Sabbagh	French
languages spoken or written	Mihály Tompa (September 28, 1819 -- July 30, 1868), Hungarian lyric poet, was born in Rimaszombat, in the county of Gömör, his father being village bootmaker.	Mihály Tompa	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Silvia Jato (born June 6, 1971 in Lugo, Spain) is a Spanish TV presenter and model.	Silvia Jato	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claudia Kohde-Kilsch (born 11 December 1963) is a former German tennis player and member of the Die Linke.	Claudia Kohde-Kilsch	German
languages spoken or written	Fatos Lubonja (born 1951) is an Albanian writer and dissident.	Fatos Lubonja	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Aristodemo Costoli (1803--1871) was an Italian sculptor who spent his entire career in the city of Florence.	Aristodemo Costoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bronisław Maj (born 19 November 1953) is a Polish poet, essayist, translator and academic.	Bronisław Maj	Polish
languages spoken or written	Diego Buñuel is a French film-maker born in 1975 and the host and director of the National Geographic Channel series, Don't Tell My Mother.	Diego Buñuel	French
languages spoken or written	Antonio Ferrandis Monrabal (28 February 1921 -- 16 October 2000) was a Spanish actor, remembered especially for his character Chanquete.	Antonio Ferrandis	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Anstis (29 August 1669 -- 4 March 1744) was an English officer of arms and antiquarian.	John Anstis	English
languages spoken or written	Philippe Dana (born on 5 September 1959) is a French journalist, producer, radio and television host.	Philippe Dana	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Ward or from 1828 Robert Plumer Ward (19 March 1765 -- 13 August 1846), was an English barrister, politician, and novelist.	Robert Plumer Ward	English
languages spoken or written	Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood (1713, in Barbados -- 25 January 1795) was a wealthy West Indian plantation owner of English ancestry.	Edwin Lascelles, 1st Baron Harewood	English
languages spoken or written	Louis de Beaufort (6 October 1703 -- 11 August 1795) was a French historian of whose life little is known.	Louis de Beaufort	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Bober (born 1931) is a French film director, theater director and writer of German-Jewish origin.	Robert Bober	French
languages spoken or written	Daphne Marlatt was born to English parents, Arthur and Edrys Lupprian Buckle, in Melbourne, Australia on July 11, 1942.	Daphne Marlatt	English
languages spoken or written	Hermann Graedener or Grädener (8 May 1844 -- 15 September 1929) was a German composer, conductor and teacher.	Hermann Graedener	German
languages spoken or written	Mariam Petrosyan (Armenian: Մարիամ Պետրոսյան, born 10 August 1969) is an Armenian painter, cartoonist and Russian-language novelist, most known as the author of the award-winning novel The House, in Which... (2009).	Mariam Petrosyan	Russian
languages spoken or written	William Willy (1703?--65), of New Park Devizes, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	William Willy	English
languages spoken or written	Francesco Mastriani (1819--1891) was an Italian novelist.	Francesco Mastriani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Robert Misrahi (born 3 January 1926) is a French philosopher who specialises in Spinoza.	Robert Misrahi	French
languages spoken or written	Franz Halder (30 June 1884 -- 2 April 1972) was a German general and the chief of the OKH General Staff from 1938 until September 1942, when he was dismissed after frequent disagreements with Adolf Hitler.	Franz Halder	German
languages spoken or written	Cornelius Cruys (Russian: Крюйс, Корнелий Иванович) (1655 -- 1727) was a Dutch Vice Admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy and the first commander of the Russian Baltic Fleet.	Cornelius Cruys	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Ercole Bottrigari (1531--1612) was an Italian scholar, mathematician, poet, music theorist, architect, and composer.	Ercole Bottrigari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Siegfried Zielinski is a German media theorist.	Siegfried Zielinski	German
languages spoken or written	Diego Vallejo Folgueira (born 13 February 1973 in Meira, Lugo, Spain) is a Spanish rally co-driver.	Diego Vallejo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Józef Jeżowski (1793-1855) was a Polish philologist and poet.	Józef Jeżowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Juan Marsé Carbó (born January 8, 1933 in Barcelona) is a Spanish novelist, journalist and screenwriter.	Juan Marsé	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Clémence Royer (21 April 1830, Nantes, Loire-Atlantique -- 6 February 1902) was a self-taught French scholar who lectured and wrote on economics, philosophy, science and feminism.	Clémence Royer	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Aldworth (1677 - 21 September 1714) was an English politician, MP for New Windsor from 1712 to 1714.	Charles Aldworth	English
languages spoken or written	Felix Fechenbach (28 January 1894 -- 7 August 1933) was a German-Jewish journalist, poet and political activist.	Felix Fechenbach	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Aicardi (8 November 1926 -- 3 August 2015) was a French doctor.	Jean Aicardi	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi Fantappiè (15 September 1901 -- 28 July 1956) was an Italian mathematician, known for work in mathematical analysis and for creating the theory of analytic functionals: he was a student and follower of Vito Volterra.	Luigi Fantappiè	Italian
languages spoken or written	Andreas Rumpf (3 December 1890 -- 22 June 1966) was a German classical archaeologist born in Potsdam.	Andreas Rumpf	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Yves Girard (born 1947) is a French logician working in proof theory.	Jean-Yves Girard	French
languages spoken or written	Guy Du Faur, Seigneur de Pibrac (1529--1584) was a French jurist and poet.	Guy Du Faur, Seigneur de Pibrac	French
languages spoken or written	Don Alonso Fajardo de Entenza y de Guevara, Córdoba y Velasco, Knight of Alcantara, Lord of Espinardo (died July 1624, in the Philippines) was Spanish Governor-General and Captain-General of the Islands of the Philippines from 3 July 1618 until his death.	Alonso Fajardo de Entenza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Marianne Gullestad (28 March 1946 -- 10 March 2008) was a Norwegian social anthropologist.	Marianne Gullestad	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Wilhelm Foerster (1869--1966) was a German academic, educationist, pacifist and philosopher, known for his public opposition to Nazism.	Friedrich Wilhelm Foerster	German
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Szaniawski (Zegrzynek, 10 February 1886 -- 16 March 1970, Warsaw) was a Polish writer, playwright, and essayist; an elected member of the prestigious Polish Academy of Literature in the interwar period.	Jerzy Szaniawski	Polish
languages spoken or written	André Courrèges (pronounced: (andʁe kuʁɛʒ); 9 March 1923 -- 7 January 2016) was a French fashion designer.	André Courrèges	French
languages spoken or written	Madeleine Castaing (French pronunciation: ​(madlɛn kastɛ̃)) (1894--1992) was a French antique dealer and interior designer of international renown.	Madeleine Castaing	French
languages spoken or written	Masayuki Fujio (藤尾 正行 Fujio Masayuki, January 1, 1917 -- October 22, 2006) was the Japanese Minister of Education, under the government of Yasuhiro Nakasone until 1986.	Masayuki Fujio	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Michael Servetus (/sərˈviːtəs/; Spanish: Miguel Serveto), also known as Miguel Servet, Miguel Serveto, Revés, or Michel de Villeneuve (29 September 1509 or 1511 -- 27 October 1553), was a Spanish theologian, physician, cartographer, and Renaissance humanist.	Michael Servetus	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Felix Thijssen (born November 24, 1933 in Rijswijk) is a Dutch author of crime novels, science fiction novels and books for children.	Felix Thijssen	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Claude Bébéar (born 1935) is a French businessman.	Claude Bébéar	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Désiré Glasson (1839 - 1907) was a French academic and jurist.	Ernest Désiré Glasson	French
languages spoken or written	Francesc Gay i Puig, better known as Cesc Gay (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsɛzɡ ˈɡaj); Barcelona, 1967), is a Catalan-Spanish film screenwriter and film director.	Cesc Gay	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Miguel Poblet i Orriols (18 March 1928 -- 6 April 2013) was a Spanish professional cyclist whose career lasted from 1944 to 1962, during which he had over 200 professional victories.	Miguel Poblet	Spanish
languages spoken or written	W. C. Firebaugh was the author of two works on the history of inns and taverns, and also of a fine English translation of Petronius's Satyricon, the fragmentary realistic novel of low life under the Roman Empire.	W. C. Firebaugh	English
languages spoken or written	Louis Lapicque (1 August 1860 -- 6 December 1954) was a French neuroscientist, socialist activist, antidreyfusard and freemason who was very influential in the early 20th century.	Louis Lapicque	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Burgos Velasco (born 1961, Valladolid, Spain) is a Spanish Personalist philosopher.	Juan Manuel Burgos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eugenio Garza Sada (January 11, 1892 -- September 17, 1973) was an industrialist in the city of Monterrey, Mexico best known for founding the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education (ITESM in Spanish) school system in the country.	Eugenio Garza Sada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Rivette (French: (ʒak ʁivɛt); 1 March 1928 -- 29 January 2016) was a French film director and film critic most commonly associated with the French New Wave and Cahiers du Cinéma.	Jacques Rivette	French
languages spoken or written	Bernhard Heinrich Overberg (1 May 1754 -- 1826) was a German Roman Catholic ecclesiastic, educator and author.	Bernhard Heinrich Overberg	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Marc Gaspard Itard (April 24, 1774, Oraison, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence -- July 5, 1838, Paris) was a French physician born in Provence.	Jean Marc Gaspard Itard	French
languages spoken or written	Victor Guérin (15 September 1821, Paris - 21 September 1891) was a French intellectual, explorer and amateur archaeologist.	Victor Guérin	French
languages spoken or written	Robert Curzon, 14th Baron Zouche (16 March 1810 -- 2 August 1873), styled The Honourable Robert Curzon between 1829 and 1870, was an English traveller, diplomat and author, active in the Near East.	Robert Curzon, 14th Baron Zouche	English
languages spoken or written	Claude Gay, often named Claudio Gay in Spanish texts, (March 18, 1800 -- November 29, 1873), was a French botanist, naturalist and illustrator.	Claude Gay	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Bonney (born 1947) is an English historian and priest.	Richard Bonney	English
languages spoken or written	Juan Piquer Simón (16 February 1935, Valencia -- January 8, 2011, Valencia) was a Spanish film director most well known for directing two cult classic horror exploitation films, Pieces (1982) and Slugs:	Juan Piquer Simón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Franz Babinger (January 15, 1891 -- June 23, 1967) was a well-known German orientalist and historian of the Ottoman Empire, best known for his biography of the great Ottoman emperor Mehmed II known as the Conqueror, originally published as Mehmed der Eroberer und seine Zeit.	Franz Babinger	German
languages spoken or written	Ephraim Stern (Hebrew: אפרים שטרן) (born January 15, 1934) is an Israeli archeologist and an expert, specializing in the research of the Late First Temple period (Assyrian Age), the Babylonian period and the Persian period Persian Empire,.	Ephraim Stern	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Christina Rosenvinge Hepworth (born May 29, 1964, in Madrid) is a Spanish singer-songwriter, actress and producer, born to a Danish parents, Hans Jørgen Christian Rosenvinge, and Danish/British, mother Daphne Ankerstjerne Hepworth.	Christina Rosenvinge	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Reiner Kunze (born 16 August 1933, in Oelsnitz, Erzgebirge, Saxony) is a German writer and GDR dissident.	Reiner Kunze	German
languages spoken or written	Avraham Even-Shoshan (Hebrew: אַבְרָהָם אֶבֶן שׁוֹשָׁן; 1906--1984) was a Russian-born Hebrew linguist and lexicographer, compiler of the Even-Shoshan dictionary, one of the foremost dictionaries of the Hebrew language.	Avraham Even-Shoshan	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	John Fulleylove (18 Aug 1845 -- 22 May 1908) was an English landscape artist and illustrator.	John Fulleylove	English
languages spoken or written	Gunther von Hagens (born Gunther Gerhard Liebchen; 10 January 1945) is a German anatomist who invented the technique for preserving biological tissue specimens called plastination.	Gunther von Hagens	German
languages spoken or written	Louis-Henri Brévière, born at Forges-les-Eaux in 1797, was a French wood-engraver, to whom is due the honour of having revived the art of wood-engraving, which had been neglected in France since the 17th century.	Louis-Henri Brévière	French
languages spoken or written	Julian Stryjkowski, born Pesach Stark (April 27, 1905 -- August 8, 1996) was a Polish journalist and writer, notable for his social prose of radical leftist leanings.	Julian Stryjkowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Marie Théas (September 14, 1894 -- April 3, 1977) was a French Roman Catholic Bishop of Montauban and Bishop of Tarbes and Lourdes.	Pierre-Marie Théas	French
languages spoken or written	Najem Wali (Arabic: نجم والي‎; born 1956) is an Iraqi novelist and journalist, based in Germany.	Najem Wali	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ramón Rubial Cavia (28 October 1906 -- 1999) was a Spanish socialist leader.	Ramón Rubial	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Flajolet (French: (flaʒɔlɛ); 1 December 1948 -- 22 March 2011) was a French computer scientist.	Philippe Flajolet	French
languages spoken or written	Ascanio Sobrero (October 12, 1812 -- May 26, 1888) was an Italian chemist, born in Casale Monferrato.	Ascanio Sobrero	Italian
languages spoken or written	Prince Witold Czartoryski (1824-1865) was a Polish noble (szlachcic).	Witold Czartoryski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Kató Hámán (2 December 1884 -- 31 August 1936) was a Hungarian Esperanto and Communist activist.	Kató Hámán	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Peter Bichsel (born March 24, 1935) is a popular Swiss-German writer and journalist representing modern German literature.	Peter Bichsel	German
languages spoken or written	Eugène Varlin (5 October 1839 -- 28 May 1871) was a French socialist, communard and member of the First International.	Eugène Varlin	French
languages spoken or written	Blanco's character, Griselda Blanco, is portrayed by Mexican actress Ana Serradilla, in the Spanish-language telenovela La Viuda Negra (2014), an adaptation of the book La patrona de Pablo Escobar de José Guarnizo.	Griselda Blanco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Renata Polverini (Born Rome, 14 May 1962) is an Italian politician and trade unionist.	Renata Polverini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Berlier (1841--1911) was a French engineer and inventor who was responsible for the Pneumatic tube postal system of Paris, which operated until as late as 1984.	Jean-Baptiste Berlier	French
languages spoken or written	Umberto Mastroianni (September 21, 1910 in Fontana Liri -- February 25, 1998 in Marino, Italy), was an Italian abstract sculptor.	Umberto Mastroianni	Italian
languages spoken or written	James Halse (28 January 1769 -- 14 May 1838) was an English lawyer and wealthy businessman in Cornwall.	James Halse	English
languages spoken or written	Cheikh Tidiane Gaye is a Senegalese-Italian writer.	Cheikh Tidiane Gaye	Italian
languages spoken or written	James Bouillé (February 14, 1894 -- June 22, 1945) was a French architect based in Brittany.	James Bouillé	French
languages spoken or written	Claude Delvincourt (12 January 1888 -- 5 April 1954) was a French pianist and composer of classical music.	Claude Delvincourt	French
languages spoken or written	Šišmundo Menčetić Vlahović, known simply as Šiško Menčetić (pronounced (ʃîʃkɔ mɛ̂ntʃɛtitɕ); Italian: Sigismondo Menze; 1457--1527) was a Croatian poet, chiefly creating his opus in the 15th century.	Šiško Menčetić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Gertrude Caton Thompson (1 February 1888 -- 18 April 1985) was an influential English archaeologist at a time when participation by women in the discipline was uncommon.	Gertrude Caton Thompson	English
languages spoken or written	Edmund Glaise-Horstenau (also known as Edmund Glaise von Horstenau; 27 February 1882 -- 20 July 1946) was an Austrian officer in the Bundesheer, last Vice-Chancellor of Austria before the 1938 Anschluss, and general in the German Wehrmacht during the Second World War.	Edmund Glaise-Horstenau	German
languages spoken or written	Oronce Finé (or Fine; Latin: Orontius Finnaeus or Finaeus; Italian: Oronzio Fineo; 20 December 1494 -- 8 August 1555) was a French mathematician and cartographer.	Oronce Finé	Latin	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Luc Lahaye (born Jean-Luc Laheaye, 23 December 1952, Paris) is a French pop singer, former television host and occasional writer.	Jean-Luc Lahaye	French
languages spoken or written	Alexandre-Antoine Hureau de Sénarmont (21 April 1769 -- 26 October 1810) was a French artillery general.	Alexandre-Antoine Hureau de Sénarmont	French
languages spoken or written	Jorge Ordaz Gargallo (born 1946) is a Spanish writer and geologist.	Jorge Ordaz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Martin Schøyen (born January 31, 1940) is a Norwegian businessman, traveller, historian, paleographer and collector of books.	Martin Schøyen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Antonio Ros de Olano (November 9, 1808 - July 24, 1886) was a Venezuelan-born Spanish writer, politician and military officer who served in the First Carlist War and the Spanish-Moroccan War of 1859.	Antonio Ros de Olano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lev Ozerov (Russian: Лев Адольфович Озеров) (August 10/23, 1914 -- March 18, 1996) was a Jewish-Ukrainian Soviet poet born in Kiev.	Lev Ozerov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Fernando Escartín Coti (born January 24, 1968) is a Spanish former road racing cyclist.	Fernando Escartín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	María Paz Campos Trigo (better known as Paz Vega (paθ ˈβeɣa); born 2 January 1976) is a Spanish actress.	Paz Vega	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Italo Alighiero Chiusano (10 June 1926 -- 15 February 1995) was an Italian independent writer, literary critic, Germanist, literary historian, essayist, author of dramas, and journalist.	Italo Alighiero Chiusano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Rose (6 August 1795 -- 27 January 1864) was a German mineralogist and analytical chemist.	Heinrich Rose	German
languages spoken or written	Nobuteru Mori was a Japan businessman and politician who founded Showa Denko, a leading Japanese chemical engineering firm, in the 1930s.	Nobuteru Mori	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal (December 24, 1812 -- June 3, 1894) was an eminent German jurist and the son of Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal.	Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal	German
languages spoken or written	Hans Noever (born 10 May 1928) is a German writer, film director, screenwriter and actor.	Hans Noever	German
languages spoken or written	Henrik Pontoppidan (24 July 1857 -- 21 August 1943) was a Danish realist writer who shared with Karl Gjellerup the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1917 for ``his authentic descriptions of present-day life in Denmark.''	Henrik Pontoppidan	Danish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Knowles (30 May 1824 -- 3 December 1883) was an English businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1883.	Thomas Knowles	English
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Ringelband (1921--1981) was a German theater critic and endower of the Gertrud-Eysoldt-Ring.	Wilhelm Ringelband	German
languages spoken or written	Jaime de Piniés (18 November 1917 -- 29 December 2003) was a Spanish diplomat who served for one year as the President of the United Nations General Assembly.	Jaime de Piniés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn al-Hasan ibn Duraid al-Azdi, often known simply as Ibn Duraid (Arabic: ابن دريد الأزدي‎; 837 -- 933 CE), was a famous Arab poet, lexicographer and philologist during the Abbasid era.	Ibn Duraid	Arabic
languages spoken or written	A. V. Coton (16 February 1906 -- 7 July 1969), born Edward Haddakin, was an English ballet critic and writer.	A. V. Coton	English
languages spoken or written	Josep Climent i Avinent (also known as José Climent; 1706 - 25 November 1781) was a Spanish bishop of Barcelona.	Josep Climent i Avinent	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kajal Aggarwal (born 19 June 1985) is an Indian film actress and model who predominantly works in Telugu and Tamil films.	Kajal Aggarwal	Telugu	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Josep Pedrals i Urdàniz (Barcelona, 13 January 1979) is a Catalan poet and rhapsodist.	Josep Pedrals i Urdàniz	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Meera Vasudevan (born 29 January 1982) is an Indian film actress and model, who has appeared in Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi and Telugu-language films.	Meera Vasudevan	Malayalam	Tamil	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Gorka Otxoa (13 January 1979, in Irún, Gipuzkoa, Spain) is a Spanish comedian and actor.	Gorka Otxoa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lorenzo Cesa (born 16 August 1951 in Arcinazzo Romano, Rome) is an Italian politician, and was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the 2006 General election representing the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats.	Lorenzo Cesa	Italian
languages spoken or written	Philipp Karl Buttmann (5 December 1764 -- June 21 1829), was a German philologist of French Huguenot ancestry (original family name ``Boudemont''), born in Frankfurt am Main.	Philipp Karl Buttmann	German
languages spoken or written	Vinayak Damodar Savarkar was born in the Marathi Chitpavan Brahmin family of Damodar and Radhabai Savarkar in the village of Bhagur, near the city of Nashik, Maharashtra.	Vinayak Damodar Savarkar	Marathi
languages spoken or written	Jørgen Jersild (17 September 1913 -- 6 February 2004) was a Danish composer and music educator.	Jørgen Jersild	Danish
languages spoken or written	Lars Kepler is the pen name for Swedish writers Alexander Ahndoril and Alexandra Coelho Ahndoril.	Lars Kepler	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Hagar Yanai (Hebrew: הגר ינאי‎; born 1972) is an Israeli author and recipient of the 2008 Prime Minister's Award for Israeli Authors.	Hagar Yanai	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Fritz Todt (4 September 1891 -- 8 February 1942) was a German engineer, senior Nazi figure, Reich Minister for Armaments and Ammunition, and the founder of Organisation Todt.	Fritz Todt	German
languages spoken or written	Ramana Reddy or T. V. Ramana Reddy or Thikkavarapu Venkata Ramana Reddy (1 October 1921 -- 11 November 1974) was an Indian actor and comedian, best known for his work in Telugu cinema in the 1950s and 1960s.	Ramana Reddy	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Camille Claudel (French pronunciation: (kamij klɔdɛl); 8 December 1864 -- 19 October 1943) was a French sculptor and graphic artist.	Camille Claudel	French
languages spoken or written	Vinduja Menon is a former actress of Malayalam cinema.	Vinduja Menon	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Dutertre is a French singer-songwriter and player of the hurdy-gurdy, épinette des Vosges, and traditional French music.	Jean-François Dutertre	French
languages spoken or written	Juan Oliver Chirivella (Paiporta, Valencia Province, 1935) is a Spanish politician who currently is a member of the People's Party (PP), although he has been a member of several other parties in the past.	Juan Oliver Chirivella	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francisco Gaviña Ribelles (Valencia, Spain, 1941--1990) was a Spanish chemist and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Francisco Gaviña Ribelles	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Évelyne Wilwerth (born 1947) is a Belgian author writing in French.	Évelyne Wilwerth	French
languages spoken or written	Dharmavarapu Subramanyam (20 September 1960 -- 7 December 2013) was an Indian comic actor and film director in Telugu language films.	Dharmavarapu Subramanyam	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Enrico Castelnuovo (February 12, 1839 -- February 16, 1915) was an Italian writer who had an active role in the Italian unification movement.	Enrico Castelnuovo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Count Vincenzo Dandolo (1758--1819), Italian chemist and agriculturist, was born at Venice of good family, though not of the same house as the famous doges, and began his career as a physician.	Vincenzo Dandolo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paulino Masip Roca (May 11, 1899, in La Granadella -- September 21, 1963) a member of the Generation of '27, was a Spanish playwright, screenwriter and novelist.	Paulino Masip	Spanish
languages spoken or written	(French) Edmond Dauchot, Ardenne bien aimée, préface d'André Dhôtel, Paris-Gembloux, J. Duculot, 1976.	Edmond Dauchot	French
languages spoken or written	Otto Winzer (3 April 1902 - 3 March 1975) was an East German diplomat who served as East Germany's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1965 to 1975.	Otto Winzer	German
languages spoken or written	Renato Corsetti (born 29 March 1941) is an Italian esperantist who served as president of the World Esperanto Association (Universala Esperanto Asocio) between 2001 and 2007.	Renato Corsetti	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Artur Mas i Gavarró (Catalan pronunciation: (ərˈtur ˈmas); born 31 January 1956) is a politician of Catalonia.	Artur Mas	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Alain Resnais (French: (alɛ̃ ʁɛnɛ); 3 June 1922 -- 1 March 2014) was a French film director whose career extended over more than six decades.	Alain Resnais	French
languages spoken or written	Wang Huo (Chinese: 王火; pinyin: Wāng Huǒ; born July 1924) is a Chinese novelist and screen writer.	Wang Huo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Ignacy Sachs (Warsaw, 1927) is a Polish, naturalized French economist.	Ignacy Sachs	French
languages spoken or written	Norberto Font y Sagué (1874--1910) was a Spanish geologist, naturalist and writer.	Norberto Font y Sagué	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Robert Dimsdale (1 July 1828 - 2 May 1898) was an English banker & Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1866 and 1892.	Robert Dimsdale	English
languages spoken or written	Didier Lockwood (born 11 February 1956 in Calais) is a French jazz violinist.	Didier Lockwood	French
languages spoken or written	Zijah Sokolović (born 1950 in Sarajevo, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian actor, writer and director who lives, acts and directs in Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Slovenia and Austria.	Zijah Sokolović	Bosnian
languages spoken or written	Gila Almagor (Hebrew: גילה אלמגור‎; born Gila Alexandrowitz; July 22, 1939) is an Israeli actress, film star, and author.	Gila Almagor	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	René Clément (French: (klemɑ̃); 18 March 1913 -- 17 March 1996) was a French film director and screenwriter.	René Clément	French
languages spoken or written	Agustín García Calvo (October 15, 1926 -- November 1, 2012) was a Spanish philologist, philosopher, poet and playwright.	Agustín García Calvo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shirley Hughes, OBE (born 16 July 1927) is an English author and illustrator.	Shirley Hughes	English
languages spoken or written	Bhagwati Charan Verma (30 August 1903 -- 5 October 1981), was one of the leading writers in Hindi.	Bhagwati Charan Verma	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Bahaa Taher (Arabic: بهاء طاهر‎, ) (born 1935 in Cairo, Egypt), sometimes transliterated as Bahaa Tahir, Baha Taher, or Baha Tahir, is an Egyptian novelist who writes in Arabic.	Bahaa Taher	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Ruggero Ruggeri (November 14, 1871 -- July 20, 1953) was an Italian stage and film actor.	Ruggero Ruggeri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Camila Sodi (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈmila ˈsoði); born Camila Ía González-Sodi on 14 May 1986 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican singer, actress and model.	Camila Sodi	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christiane Nord (born 13 September 1943, Eberswalde, Germany) is a German translation scholar.	Christiane Nord	German
languages spoken or written	Sarat Chandra Bose (Bengali: শরৎ চন্দ্র বসু; 6 September 1889 -- 20 February 1950) was a barrister and Indian independence activist.	Sarat Chandra Bose	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Marc Biancarelli (born 1968) is a Corsican novelist and writer.	Marc Biancarelli	Corsican
languages spoken or written	Alice Kuipers was born the first of three children in London, England and is of Dutch and English descent.	Alice Kuipers	English
languages spoken or written	Raymond Bellour (born 1939 in Lyon) is a French writer, critic and theorist of cinema.	Raymond Bellour	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Amelot de Chaillou (30 April 1689 -- 7 May 1749, Paris) was a French politician.	Jean-Jacques Amelot de Chaillou	French
languages spoken or written	Jesús Mari Lazkano (born 1960, in Bergara) is a Spanish Basque painter.	Jesús Mari Lazkano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charbel Dagher, (in Arabic شربل داغر) a professor at the University of Balamand, Koura, Lebanon, has been an active and prominent voice on the Arab cultural scene, mainly in the fields of poetry, Arabic language, and Arab and Islamic arts.	Charbel Dagher	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Juan Francisco Casas (born September 21, 1976 in La Carolina, Jaén, Andalusia) is a Spanish artist and poet.	Juan Francisco Casas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gerald Graff (born 1937) is a professor of English and Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago.	Gerald Graff	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Moreno Fernández (Born Mota del Cuervo, Spain, 1960) is a Spanish dialectologist and sociolinguist.	Francisco Moreno Fernández	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Hublin (born 30 November 1953, in Mostaganem, French Algeria) is a French Paleoanthropologist.	Jean-Jacques Hublin	French
languages spoken or written	Michele Cascella (7 September 1892 -- 31 August 1989) was an Italian artist.	Michele Cascella	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lucius Annaeus Seneca (often known as Seneca the Younger or simply Seneca /ˈsɛnɪkə/; c. 4 BC -- AD 65) was a Roman Stoic philosopher, statesman, dramatist, and in one work humorist, of the Silver Age of Latin literature.	Seneca the Younger	Latin
languages spoken or written	Claude Lamoral, 3rd Prince of Ligne, Prince of Epinoy, Marquis of Roubaix and Count of Fauquemberg (8 October 1618 -- 21 December 1679), was a nobleman from the Spanish Netherlands, military and diplomate in the service of Philip IV of Spain and Charles II of Spain .	Claude Lamoral, 3rd Prince of Ligne	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pinchus Krémègne, aka Pinchus Kremegne (Hebrew: פנחס קרמין‎; Russian: Пинхус Кремень; 28 July 1890 -- 5 April 1981), was a Litvak-French artist, primarily known as a sculptor, painter and lithographer.	Pinchus Kremegne	French
languages spoken or written	Rafael Pérez y Pérez (born 18 September 1891 in Cuatretondeta, Province of Alicante, Spain -- d. 24 April 1984 in Cuatretondeta, Province of Alicante, Spain), was a popular Spanish writer of over 160 romantic novels from 1909 to 1971.	Rafael Pérez y Pérez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Charles-Édouard Hocquard (Nancy 1853 - Lyons 1911) was a French doctor and explorer, famous for being a photographer.	Charles-Édouard Hocquard	French
languages spoken or written	Marin Držić (Croatian pronunciation: (mâriːn dř̩ːʒitɕ); also Marino Darza or Marino Darsa; 1508 -- 2 May 1567) is considered the finest Croatian Renaissance playwright and prose writer.	Marin Držić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Yehezkel Braun (Hebrew: יחזקאל בראון‎; January 18, 1922 -- August 27, 2014) was an Israeli composer.	Yehezkel Braun	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Mordecai Ardon (Hebrew: מרדכי ארדון‎, July 13, 1896 -- June 18, 1992) was an Israeli painter.	Mordecai Ardon	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	André Essel was awarded the French Cross of War honouring his involvement in the Second World War on the side of the Allies against the Axis forces.	André Essel	French
languages spoken or written	Gualtiero Jacopetti (4 September 1919 -- 17 August 2011) was an Italian director of documentary films.	Gualtiero Jacopetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ramón Torrado (born 5 April 1905, date of death unknown) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Ramón Torrado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward Spencer Beesly (/ˈbiːzli/; 1831--1915) was an English positivist and historian.	Edward Spencer Beesly	English
languages spoken or written	Bernard Kouchner (born 1 November 1939) is a French politician and physician.	Bernard Kouchner	French
languages spoken or written	Domenico Ferrata JUD (March 4, 1847 -- October 10, 1914) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal who spent the bulk of his career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See and in the Roman Curia.	Domenico Ferrata	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay (Bengali: শরদিন্দু বন্দোপাধ্যায়; 30 March 1899 -- 22 September 1970) was a Bengali writer.	Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Arturo Daudén Ibáñez (born 9 July 1964 in Cantavieja, Spain) was a Spanish professional football referee.	Arturo Daudén Ibáñez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Étienne Destot (March 1, 1864 -- December 3, 1918) was a French radiologist and anatomist who was a native of Dijon.	Étienne Destot	French
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Amendola (21 November 1907 -- 5 June 1980) was an Italian writer and politician.	Giorgio Amendola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hanna Banaszak (born April 24, 1957) is a Polish jazz singer and poet.	Hanna Banaszak	Polish
languages spoken or written	Biljana Srbljanović (Serbian pronunciation: (bǐʎana sr̩bʎǎːnoʋitɕ), Serbian Cyrillic: Биљана Србљановић, born 15 October 1970) is a Serbian playwright.	Biljana Srbljanović	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Pablo Iglesias Simón (born May 3, 1977) is a Spanish theatre director, playwright, researcher, sound designer, and professor.	Pablo Iglesias Simón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José María Soler García was a Spanish archaeologist, historian, researcher and folklorist.	José María Soler García	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gabriello Chiabrera (Italian pronunciation: (ɡabriˈɛllo kjaˈbrɛra); June 8, 1552 -- October 14, 1638) was an Italian poet, sometimes called the Italian Pindar.	Gabriello Chiabrera	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sancho d'Avila (21 September 1523 -- 1583) was a Spanish General.	Sancho d'Avila	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Klaus-Dieter Lehmann (pronounced (klaʊ̯s ˈdiːtɐ ˈleːman)) (born 29 February 1940 in Breslau) is a German librarian and has been president of the Goethe-Institut since April 2008.	Klaus-Dieter Lehmann	German
languages spoken or written	Bruno Pontecorvo (Russian: Бру́но Макси́мович Понтеко́рво, Bruno Maksimovich Pontekorvo; 22 August 1913 -- 24 September 1993) was an Italian nuclear physicist, an early assistant of Enrico Fermi and then the author of numerous studies in high energy physics, especially on neutrinos.	Bruno Pontecorvo	Russian
languages spoken or written	Sir Cresswell Cresswell PC KC (20 August 1794 -- 29 July 1863), born Cresswell Easterby, was an English lawyer, judge and Tory politician.	Cresswell Cresswell	English
languages spoken or written	Erna Lendvai-Dircksen (born Erna Katherina Wilhelmine Dircksen, 31 May 1883 -- 8 May 1962) was a German photographer known for a series of volumes of portraits of rural individuals from throughout Germany.	Erna Lendvai-Dircksen	German
languages spoken or written	Edmond Faral (18 March 1882 -- 8 February 1958) was an Algerian-born French medievalist.	Edmond Faral	French
languages spoken or written	Bas Kast is a German science writer.	Bas Kast	German
languages spoken or written	Kim Soo-young (The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea) is a Korean poet.	Kim Soo-young	Korean
languages spoken or written	Víctor de la Fuente (1927 - 2 July 2010) was a Spanish comic book artist and writer.	Víctor de la Fuente	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mihály Vörösmarty (archaically English: Michael Vorosmarthy 1 December 1800 -- 19 November 1855) was an important Hungarian poet and dramatist.	Mihály Vörösmarty	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Max Müller (6 December 1823 -- 28 October 1900), generally known as Max Müller, was a German-born philologist and Orientalist, who lived and studied in Britain for most of his life.	Max Müller	German
languages spoken or written	Xavier Valls Subirà (1923--2006) was a Spanish painter who lived in Paris most of his life.	Xavier Valls	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Hubert Nysten (30 October 1771 -- 3 March 1818) was a French physiologist and pediatrician who was a native of Liège.	Pierre-Hubert Nysten	French
languages spoken or written	Nicholas Hawksmoor (probably 1661 -- 25 March 1736) was an English architect.	Nicholas Hawksmoor	English
languages spoken or written	Muallim Naci (1850 - 1893), literally ``Naci The Teacher'', was a Turkish writer, poet, teacher and critic.	Muallim Naci	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Leon Rosselson (born 22 June 1934, Harrow, Middlesex) is an English songwriter and writer of children's books.	Leon Rosselson	English
languages spoken or written	Jacqueline Caurat (born 23 July 1929) is a retired French television presenter and journalist.	Jacqueline Caurat	French
languages spoken or written	León Felipe Camino Galicia (11 April 1884 -- 17 September 1968) was an anti-fascist Spanish poet.	León Felipe	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Zhou Zuoren (Chinese: 周作人; pinyin: Zhōu Zuòrén; Wade--Giles: Chou Tso-jen) (16 January 1885 -- 6 May 1967) was a Chinese writer, primarily known as an essayist and a translator.	Zhou Zuoren	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Hanns Maaßen (born 26 December 1908 as Otto Johannes Maaßen in Lübeck, died 23 June 1983 in Mahlow) was a German journalist and writer.	Hanns Maaßen	German
languages spoken or written	Hermann Marggraff (1809--64) was a German poet and humorous author.	Hermann Marggraff	German
languages spoken or written	Eva Strittmatter (née Braun; 8 February 1930 -- 3 January 2011) was a German writer of poetry, prose, and children's literature.	Eva Strittmatter	German
languages spoken or written	Ambroise Chevreux (1728--1792) was a French Benedictine.	Ambroise Chevreux	French
languages spoken or written	Usha Kiran (22 April 1929 -- 9 March 2000) was a Hindi and Marathi film actress.	Usha Kiran	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Patrick Moutal is a French sitarist and musicologist.	Patrick Moutal	French
languages spoken or written	Keith Forsey (born 2 January 1948) is an English soundtrack composer, drummer, songwriter and record producer.	Keith Forsey	English
languages spoken or written	Kālidāsa (Sanskrit: कालिदास) was a Classical Sanskrit writer, widely regarded as the greatest poet and dramatist in the Sanskrit language.	Kālidāsa	Sanskrit
languages spoken or written	Fred Pearce (born 30 December 1951) is an English author and journalist based in London.	Fred Pearce	English
languages spoken or written	Karin Smirnov or Smirnoff, née Strindberg (26 February 1880 -- 10 May 1973) was a Finland-Swedish writer.	Karin Smirnov	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Bhubanmohan Baruah (Assamese: ভূবনমোহন বৰুৱা; 1914 - 1998) was a novelist, short story writer from Assam.	Bhubanmohan Baruah	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Édouard Riou (2 December 1833 -- 27 January 1900) was a French painter and illustrator who illustrated six novels by Jules Verne, as well as several other well-known works.	Édouard Riou	French
languages spoken or written	Siniša Glavašević (4 November 1960 -- 20 November 1991) was a Croatian reporter who was killed by Serbian paramilitaries following the Battle of Vukovar.	Siniša Glavašević	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Frank Arnau (March 9, 1894 - February 11, 1976) was the pseudonym of a German crime fiction writer, born as Heinrich Schmitt.	Frank Arnau	German
languages spoken or written	Philibert Chabert (6 January 1737 -- 8 September 1814) was a French agronomist and veterinarian.	Philibert Chabert	French
languages spoken or written	Molla Vali Vidadi (Azerbaijani: Molla Vəli Vidadi) (1708, Shamkir -- 1809, near Gazakh) was an Azerbaijani poet.	Molla Vali Vidadi	Azerbaijani
languages spoken or written	John Zachary Young FRS (18 March 1907 -- 4 July 1997), generally known as ``JZ'' or ``JZY'', was an English zoologist and neurophysiologist, described as ``one of the most influential biologists of the 20th century.''	John Zachary Young	English
languages spoken or written	Klaus Fußmann (born March 24, 1938), is a contemporary German painter.	Klaus Fußmann	German
languages spoken or written	Nguyen Quang Lap is a Vietnamese writer, playwright, and screenwriter.	Nguyen Quang Lap	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Rubio y Muñoz (1788--1874) was a Spanish lawyer who was a noted antiquarian and numismatist in the city of Cádiz, Spain.	Joaquín Rubio y Muñoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ángel Gabilondo Pujol (born 1 March 1949) is a Spanish university professor.	Ángel Gabilondo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kesava Reddy (Telugu: పి కేశవ రెడ్డి ) was a renowned Telugu novelist.	Kesava Reddy	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Jaime Ignacio González González (born October 19, 1960 Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish politician and member of the Partido Popular.	Ignacio González González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lodovico Agostini (1534 -- September 20, 1590) was an Italian composer, singer, priest, and scholar of the late Renaissance.	Lodovico Agostini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli (Italian: (arˈtuːro beneˈdetti mikeˈlandʒeli); 5 January 1920 -- 12 June 1995) was an Italian classical pianist.	Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli	Italian
languages spoken or written	José María Bocanegra (Spanish pronunciation: (xosemaˈɾia bokaˈneɣɾa); 25 May 1787 -- 23 July 1862) was a Mexican lawyer and politician who was briefly interim president of Mexico in 1829.	José María Bocanegra	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gérard Audran (or Girard Audran) (2 August 1640 -- 26 July 1703), was a French engraver of the Audran family, the third son of Claude Audran.	Gérard Audran	French
languages spoken or written	André-Louis Debierne (14 July 1874 -- 31 August 1949) was a French chemist and is considered the discoverer of the element actinium.	André-Louis Debierne	French
languages spoken or written	Matthew Arnold (24 December 1822 -- 15 April 1888) was an English poet and cultural critic who worked as an inspector of schools.	Matthew Arnold	English
languages spoken or written	Marianne Adelaide Hedwig Dohm (born Schlesinger, later Schleh) (September 20, 1831 -- June 1, 1919) was a German feminist, and author.	Hedwig Dohm	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Givanel (1868--1946) was a Spanish philologist, erudite, literary critic and Cervantes scholar.	Juan Givanel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dame Ivy Compton-Burnett, DBE (5 June 1884 -- 27 August 1969) was an English novelist, published (in the original hardback editions) as I. Compton-Burnett.	Ivy Compton-Burnett	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Warschawski (Mikado) (Hebrew: מיכאל ורשבסקי (מיקאדו)‎) is an Israeli anti-Zionist activist.	Michel Warschawski	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Rafael Sabatini (29 April 1875 -- 13 February 1950) was an Italian/English writer of novels of romance and adventure.	Rafael Sabatini	English
languages spoken or written	Michael Fokine (a French transliteration Michel Fokine; English transliteration Mikhail Fokin; Russian: Михаи́л Миха́йлович Фо́кин, Mikhaíl Mikháylovich Fokín) (23 April (O.S. 11 April) 1880 -- 22 August 1942) was a groundbreaking Russian choreographer and dancer.	Michel Fokine	Russian
languages spoken or written	Hans-Joachim Kasprzik (August 14, 1928 -- October 10, 1997) was a German film and television director and screenwriter.	Hans-Joachim Kasprzik	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Schütz (German: (ʃʏʦ); 18 October (O.S. 8 October) 1585 -- 6 November 1672) was a German composer and organist, generally regarded as the most important German composer before Johann Sebastian Bach and often considered to be one of the most important composers of the 17th century.	Heinrich Schütz	German
languages spoken or written	Miklós Borsos (13 August 13 1906 -- 27 January 1990) was a Hungarian sculptor and medallist.	Miklós Borsos	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Karl Friedrich Schimper (15 February 1803 -- 21 December 1867) was a German botanist, naturalist and poet.	Karl Friedrich Schimper	German
languages spoken or written	Élie Halévy (6 September 1870 -- 21 August 1937) was a French philosopher and historian who wrote studies of the British utilitarians, the book of essays, Era of Tyrannies, and a history of Britain from 1815 to 1914 that influenced British historiography.	Élie Halévy	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Frédéric Kuhlmann (22 May 1803 -- 27 January 1881) was a French chemist who patented the reaction for converting ammonia to nitric acid, which was later used in the Ostwald process.	Charles Frédéric Kuhlmann	French
languages spoken or written	José Ramón Bauzà Díaz (born November 16, 1970) is a Spanish politician and the president of the Autonomous Community of the Balearic Islands from 2011 to 2015.	José Ramón Bauzà	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Irmgard Keun (February 6, 1905 -- May 5, 1982) was a German author noteworthy for her portrayals of life in both the Weimar Republic and the early years of the Nazi Germany era.	Irmgard Keun	German
languages spoken or written	Heinrich Barth (16 February 1821 -- 25 November 1865) was a German explorer of Africa and scholar.	Heinrich Barth	German
languages spoken or written	Karl Spruner von Merz (15 November 1803 -- 24 August 1892), or Karl von Spruner as he preferred to be known, was a German cartographer and scholar.	Karl Spruner von Merz	German
languages spoken or written	Juan de Valdés Leal (4 May 1622 -- 15 October 1690) was a Spanish painter and etcher of the Baroque era.	Juan de Valdés Leal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippe Bouchet (born 1953) is a French biologist whose primary scientific fields of study are malacology and taxonomy.	Philippe Bouchet	French
languages spoken or written	Luis de Olona y Gaeta (Málaga, 1823 -- Barcelona, 1863) was a playwright, theater impresario and librettist of a number of Spanish zarzuelas by the mid of 19th-century Spain.	Luis de Olona	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Theo Brandmüller (2 February 1948 in Mainz -- 26 November 2012 in Saarbrücken) was a German contemporary classical composer, organist and teacher.	Theo Brandmüller	German
languages spoken or written	Wiesław Myśliwski (born 25 March 1932 in Dwikozy, near Sandomierz) is a Polish novelist.	Wiesław Myśliwski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Marius Müller-Westernhagen (6 December 1948 in Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German actor and musician.	Marius Müller-Westernhagen	German
languages spoken or written	Pascalis Romanus (or Paschal the Roman) was a 12th-century priest, medical expert, and dream theorist, noted especially for his Latin translations of Greek texts on theology, oneirocritics, and related subjects.	Pascalis Romanus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Peter Lebrecht Schmidt (born Dessau, 28 July 1933) is a German classical scholar.	Peter Lebrecht Schmidt	German
languages spoken or written	General Wacław Jędrzejewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvat͡swaf jɛndʐɛˈjɛvʲit͡ʂ); 29 January 1893 -- 30 November 1993) was a Polish Army officer, diplomat, politician and historian, and subsequently an American college professor.	Wacław Jędrzejewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Giacomo Luigi Ciamician (27 August 1857 -- 2 January 1922) was an Italian photochemist and senator of Armenian descent.	Giacomo Luigi Ciamician	Italian
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Kobelt (February 20, 1840 -- March 26, 1916) was a German zoologist born in Alsfeld, Grand Duchy of Hesse.	Wilhelm Kobelt	German
languages spoken or written	Liu Bannong (1891--1934) or Liu Fu (劉復/刘复) was a Chinese linguist and poet.	Liu Bannong	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Richard Chiswell (1673 -- 14 May 1751) was a wealthy English merchant and politician.	Richard Chiswell	English
languages spoken or written	Raymond Lister (1919--2001) was an English blacksmith/ironworker, author, artist and the leading authority on Samuel Palmer.	Raymond Lister	English
languages spoken or written	Francis Osborne (26 September 1593 -- 4 February 1659) was an English essayist, known for his Advice to a Son, which became a very popular book soon after the English Restoration.	Francis Osborne	English
languages spoken or written	Anatoly Borisovich Kuznetsov (Russian: Анатолий Борисович Кузнецов; December 31, 1930 -- March 7, 2014) was a Soviet and Russian actor, probably best known for his role as a Red Army soldier Fyodor Sukhov in White Sun of the Desert (1970).	Anatoly Borisovich Kuznetsov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Gustav Pfizer (1807-1890) was a German poet and critic of the Swabian school.	Gustav Pfizer	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Pétau (Paulus Petavius in Latin) (1568-1614) was a French publisher and book collector.	Paul Pétau	French
languages spoken or written	Antoni Malczewski (3 June 1793 -- 2 May 1826) was an influential Polish romantic poet, known for his only work, ``a narrative poem of dire pessimism'', Maria (1825).	Antoni Malczewski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Luca Desiato (born November 13, 1941 in Rome) is an Italian journalist and writer.	Luca Desiato	Italian
languages spoken or written	José María Asensio (1829--1905) was a Spanish historian, journalist, biographer and writer.	José María Asensio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	André Lallemand (September 29, 1904 -- March 24, 1978) was a French astronomer and director of the Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris.	André Lallemand	French
languages spoken or written	John Pell (1 March 1611 -- 12 December 1685) was an English mathematician.	John Pell	English
languages spoken or written	Publilius Optatianus Porfirius was a Latin poet, possibly a native of Africa.	Publilius Optatianus Porfirius	Latin
languages spoken or written	John Eric Bartholomew, OBE (14 May 1926 -- 28 May 1984), known by his stage name Eric Morecambe, was an English comedian who together with Ernie Wise formed the award-winning double act Morecambe and Wise.	Eric Morecambe	English
languages spoken or written	Joseph Charles Hippolyte Crosse (1 October 1826 in Paris - 7 August 1898) was a French conchologist.	Joseph Charles Hippolyte Crosse	French
languages spoken or written	Otto Dov Kulka (Ôttô Dov Qûlqā; born April 16, 1933 in Halenkov, Czechoslovakia) is an Israeli historian, professor emeritus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Otto Dov Kulka	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Kurt Sanderling, CBE (19 September 1912 -- 17 September 2011) was a German conductor.	Kurt Sanderling	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Mattéi (French: (ma.te.i); 9 March 1941 -- 24 March 2014) was a French philosopher and professor of Greek philosophy and political philosophy at the University of Nice.	Jean-François Mattéi	French
languages spoken or written	Vinaya Prasad (also credited as Vinaya Prakash) is a popular film and television actress in South India who has primarily featured in Kannada and Malayalam films besides acting in a few Tamil and Telugu language films.	Vinaya Prasad	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Anna Kohler (alternative spelling: Anna Köhler or Anna Koehler) is a German-American theater actress, director and translator.	Anna Kohler	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Kuentz (Born 4 May 1930 - Mulhouse, France) is a French conductor who studied at the Paris Conservatoire from 1947 to 1950, with Noël Gallon, Georges Hugon and Eugene Bigot.	Paul Kuentz	French
languages spoken or written	Christian Friedrich Schönbein (18 October 1799 -- 29 August 1868) was a German-Swiss chemist who is best known for inventing the fuel cell (1838) at the same time as William Robert Grove and his discoveries of guncotton and ozone.	Christian Friedrich Schönbein	German
languages spoken or written	Dumitru Berciu (27 January 1907, Bobaiţa, Mehedinţi -- 1 July 1998, Bucharest) was a Romanian historian and archaeologist, honorary member of the Romanian Academy.	Dumitru Berciu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Piero Marrazzo (born in Rome on 29 July 1958) is an Italian journalist and politician.	Piero Marrazzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	K. R. Vatsala is an Indian actress who works in Malayalam cinema.	K. R. Vatsala	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Massimo Girotti (18 May 1918 -- 5 January 2003) was an Italian film actor whose career spanned seven decades.	Massimo Girotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rai Bahadur Dinesh Chandra Sen (Bengali: দীনেশ চন্দ্র সেন) (3 November 1866 -- 20 November 1939) was a Bengali writer, educationist and researcher of Bengali folklore.	Dinesh Chandra Sen	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Nadia Hilou (Arabic: ناديا حلو‎, Hebrew: נאדיה חילו‎‎; 5 July 1953 -- 27 February 2015) was an Israeli Arab social worker and politician, who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 2006 and 2009.	Nadia Hilou	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Alexandre Jean Albert Lavignac (21 January 1846 -- 28 May 1916) was a French music scholar, known for his essays on theory, and a minor composer.	Albert Lavignac	French
languages spoken or written	Juergen Teller (born January 28, 1964) is a German artist and fine-art and fashion photographer.	Juergen Teller	German
languages spoken or written	George Robert Lewis (1782--1871) was a versatile English painter of landscapes and portraits.	George Robert Lewis	English
languages spoken or written	Sir Roger L'Estrange (17 December 1616 -- 11 December 1704) was an English pamphleteer, author and staunch defender of Royalist claims.	Roger L'Estrange	English
languages spoken or written	Luciana Frassati Gawronska (18 August 1902 -- 7 October 2007) was an Italian writer and author.	Luciana Frassati Gawronska	Italian
languages spoken or written	Frédéric Monod (1794-1863) was a French Protestant pastor.	Frédéric Monod	French
languages spoken or written	Ludovico di Varthema, also known as Barthema and Vertomannus (c. 1470 -- 1517), was an Italian traveller, diarist and aristocrat known for being the first non-Muslim European to enter Mecca as a pilgrim.	Ludovico di Varthema	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ros Serey Sothea (Khmer: រស់ សេរីសុទ្ធា) (1948 -- 1977) was a Cambodian singer.	Ros Serey Sothea	Khmer
languages spoken or written	Sun Bin (simplified Chinese: 孙膑; traditional Chinese: 孫臏; pinyin: Sūn Bìn; died 316 BC) was a military strategist who lived during the Warring States period of Chinese history.	Sun Bin	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie-Joseph Coutelle (3 January 1748, Le Mans -- 20 March 1835, 11th arrondissement, Paris) was a French engineer, scientist and pioneer of ballooning.	Jean-Marie-Joseph Coutelle	French
languages spoken or written	Hannelore Mensch (born Hannelore Bosch, Neu Zachun, 16 June 1937) is a former East German politician.	Hannelore Mensch	German
languages spoken or written	Dionisio Alcalá Galiano (8 October 1760 -- 21 October 1805) was a Spanish naval officer, cartographer, and explorer.	Dionisio Alcalá Galiano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claudio de la Torre (October 30, 1895 - January 10, 1973) was a Spanish novelist, poet, dramatist and film director.	Claudio de la Torre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Monica Braw (born 1945), is a Swedish author and an international reporter.	Monica Braw	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Félix-Alexandre Desruelles (1865--1943) was a French sculptor who was born in Valenciennes in 1865.	Félix-Alexandre Desruelles	French
languages spoken or written	Oya Baydar (born 1940) is a Turkish sociologist and writer.	Oya Baydar	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Esther Streit-Wurzel (Hebrew: אֶסְתֵּר שְטְרייט-ווֹרְצֶל; July 25, 1932 − December 7, 2013) was an Israeli children's author and educator.	Esther Streit-Wurzel	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Antoine-Ernest Bazin (February 20, 1807 - December 14, 1878) was a French physician and dermatologist born in Saint-Brice-sous-Forêt.	Pierre-Antoine-Ernest Bazin	French
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Charles Seringe (December 3, 1776 -- December 29, 1858) was a French physician and botanist born in Longjumeau.	Nicolas Charles Seringe	French
languages spoken or written	Gian Giorgio Trissino (8 July 1478 -- 8 December 1550), also called Giovan Giorgio Trissino, was an Italian Renaissance humanist, poet, dramatist, diplomat, and grammarian.	Gian Giorgio Trissino	Italian
languages spoken or written	In 1910, Frank Burty Haviland went to the South of France with Manolo and De Séverac, and he bought a monastery in Céret, in the French Pyrenees, which became the center of the so-called School of Céret until 1914.	Frank Burty Haviland	French
languages spoken or written	Édouard Le Danois ( born, Brest April 8, 1887 - died, Saint-Germain-en-Laye, June 11, 1968) was a French zoologist specialising in marine life.	Édouard Le Danois	French
languages spoken or written	José Duarte Ramalho Ortigão (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛ ˈdwaɾtɨ ʁɐˈmaʎu uɾtiˈɡɐ̃ũ̯)) (24 October 1836 -- 27 September 1915) was a Portuguese writer of the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Ramalho Ortigão	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Kaspar Ursinus Velius (c. 1493 -- 5 March 1539) was a German humanist scholar, poet and historian.	Kaspar Ursinus Velius	German
languages spoken or written	Johanna Schopenhauer (née Trosiener; July 9, 1766 -- April 17, 1838) was a German author.	Johanna Schopenhauer	German
languages spoken or written	Henry-Clément Sanson (b. May 27, 1799 - d. January 25 1889) was a French executioner.	Henry-Clément Sanson	French
languages spoken or written	René Pollesch (born 29 October 1962) is a German author and dramatist.	René Pollesch	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Henry Seymour King, 1st Baronet KCIE (4 January 1852 -- 14 November 1933) was an English banker, mountaineer and Conservative politician.	Seymour King	English
languages spoken or written	Sancho Gracia (September 27, 1936 -- August 8, 2012) was a Spanish motion picture and television actor.	Sancho Gracia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Stefania Sempołowska (born 1 October 1869 in Polonisz near Środa Wielkopolska) was a Polish educator and writer.	Stefania Sempołowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Bonfini (Latin variant: Antonius Bonfinius) (1434--1503) was an Italian humanist and poet who spent the last years of his career as a court historian in Hungary with King Matthias Corvinus.	Antonio Bonfini	Latin
languages spoken or written	Vladimir Ghika or Ghica (December 25, 1873 - May 16, 1954) was a Romanian diplomat and essayist who, after his conversion from Romanian Orthodoxy to Roman Catholicism, became a priest.	Vladimir Ghika	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Catherine Graciet is a French journalist known for her work on the finance and geopolitics of the oil business, and for her work on Morocco and its government.	Catherine Graciet	French
languages spoken or written	Joseph Partsch (4 July 1851 -- 22 June 1925) was a German geographer, born at Schreiberhau, Silesia.	Joseph Partsch	German
languages spoken or written	Jiří Přibáň (born 25 August 1967 in Prague) is a Czech academic, author, translator and essayist specializing in the areas of philosophy of law, sociology and politology.	Jiří Přibáň	Czech
languages spoken or written	Sabyasachi Chakrabarty (Bengali: সব্যসাচী চক্রবর্তী, born 8 September 1956) is an Indian actor of TV, films and theater.	Sabyasachi Chakrabarty	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Carlo Vigarani (1637, Modena - 1713) was an Italian scenic designer who worked as ``ingénieur du roi'' and then ``intendant des plaisirs du roi'' at the court of the French king Louis XIV until 1690.	Carlo Vigarani	French
languages spoken or written	Erland Josephson (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈæːɭand ˈʝuːsɛfsɔn); 15 June 1923 -- 25 February 2012) was a Swedish actor and author.	Erland Josephson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Mehmet Murat Somer (born 1959) is a Turkish author of crime fiction best known for his Hop-Çiki-Yaya series set in Istanbul and featuring an unnamed transvestite amateur detective.	Mehmet Murat Somer	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Johan Falkberget, born Johan Petter Lillebakken, (30 September 1879 -- 5 April 1967) was a Norwegian author.	Johan Falkberget	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Günter Ruch (born 19 August 1956 in Sinzig, Rhineland-Palatinate, died 18 December 2010 in Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler) was a German writer, journalist, politician of the FDP and author of contemporary, fantasy and historical novels.	Günter Ruch	German
languages spoken or written	Charles Long, 1st Baron Farnborough GCB PC PC (Ire) FRS FSA (2 January 1760 -- 17 January 1838) was an English politician and connoisseur of the arts.	Charles Long, 1st Baron Farnborough	English
languages spoken or written	Letizia Moratti (born Letizia Brichetto Arnaboldi; November 26, 1949) is an Italian businesswoman and ex-politician.	Letizia Moratti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Philippe de Champaigne (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑ̃paɲ); 26 May 1602 -- 12 August 1674) was a Brabançon-born French Baroque era painter, a major exponent of the French school.	Philippe de Champaigne	French
languages spoken or written	Eduardo Lago (born 15 June 1954) is a Spanish novelist, translator, and literary critic, born in Madrid and currently living in Manhattan, New York, United States.	Eduardo Lago	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Knud Lyne Rahbek (18 December 1760 -- 22 April 1830) was a Danish literary historian, critic, writer, poet & magazine editor.	Knud Lyne Rahbek	Danish
languages spoken or written	Fran Levstik (28 September 1831 -- 16 November 1887) was a Slovene writer, political activist, playwright and critic.	Fran Levstik	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Dossetti (13 February 1913 -- 15 December 1996) was an Italian jurist, a politician and from 1958 onward a Catholic priest.	Giuseppe Dossetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paul-Henry de Belvèze (11 March 1801 -- 8 February 1875) was a French sailor who was given the mission by Napoleon III's government of renewing commercial relations with Canada.	Paul-Henry de Belvèze	French
languages spoken or written	Vincent Paronnaud (born 1970), a.k.a. Winshluss, is a French comics artist and filmmaker.	Vincent Paronnaud	French
languages spoken or written	Otto Ubbelohde (January 5, 1867 -- May 8, 1922) was a German painter, etcher and illustrator.	Otto Ubbelohde	German
languages spoken or written	Ambrose Philips (1674 -- 18 June 1749) was an English poet and politician.	Ambrose Philips	English
languages spoken or written	Moussa Diagana (M'Bout, 1946) is a Mauritanian French language writer.	Moussa Diagana	French
languages spoken or written	Domenico Comparetti (June 27, 1835 -- January 20, 1927) was an Italian scholar.	Domenico Comparetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fredrik August Dahlgren (September 20, 1816 -- February 16, 1895) was a Swedish writer, playwright and songwriter.	Fredrik August Dahlgren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Rüdiger Sünner, born 1953 in Köln on the Rhine, is a German author and documentary film maker, most notable for his book and his documentary on the Schwarze Sonne.	Rüdiger Sünner	German
languages spoken or written	Jean Clédat (7 May 1871 -- 29 July 1943) was a French Egyptologist, archaeologist and philologist.	Jean Clédat	French
languages spoken or written	Jules Rossignon (born, France - died, 1883; also known as Julio Rossignon) was a French professor, writer, scientific agriculturist, and international coffee grower.	Jules Rossignon	French
languages spoken or written	David Suchet, CBE (/ˈsuːʃeɪ/ SOO-shay; born 2 May 1946) is an English actor, known for his work on British stage and television.	David Suchet	English
languages spoken or written	Henri Krasucki (2 September 1924, Wołomin, Poland - 24 January 2003) was a French trade-unionist, former secretary general of the Confédération générale du travail (CGT) from 1982 to 1992.	Henri Krasucki	French
languages spoken or written	Zvi Laron (Hebrew: צבי לרון‎, born February 6, 1927) is an Israeli paediatric endocrinologist, born in Cernăuţi, Romania, a professor emeritus at Tel Aviv University.	Zvi Laron	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	V. K. Wellington Koo (29 January 1888 -- 14 November 1985), whose Chinese name is variously romanized as Koo Vi Kyuin, Ku Wei-chün, and Gu Weijun, was a Chinese diplomat from the Republic of China.	Wellington Koo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Vincenzo Cartari (c.1531--1569) was an Italian mythographer and diplomat of the Italian Renaissance.	Vincenzo Cartari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Francisco Vallés also known as Divino Vallés (Covarrubias, 4 October 1524 -- Burgos, 20 September 1592) was a Spanish physician, the best example of the medical Renaissance in Spain.	Francisco Vallés	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lucien Tesnière (French: (lysjɛ̃ tɛnjɛʁ); May 13, 1893 -- December 6, 1954) was a prominent and influential French linguist.	Lucien Tesnière	French
languages spoken or written	Jules Hardouin-Mansart (16 April 1646 -- 11 May 1708) was a French architect whose work is generally considered to be the apex of French Baroque architecture, representing the power and grandeur of Louis XIV.	Jules Hardouin-Mansart	French
languages spoken or written	Bronius Kutavičius (born 1932 in Molainiai, Panevėžys district municipality, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian composer.	Bronius Kutavičius	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	A voracious reader in Malayalam and English, Narendra Prasad distinguished himself as a potential man of letters even as a degree student.	Narendra Prasad	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Francisco Manoel de Nascimento (December 21, 1734 -- February 25, 1819), Portuguese poet, better known by the literary name of Filinto Elysio, bestowed on him by the Marqueza de Alorna, was the reputed son of a Lisbon boat-owner.	Francisco Manoel de Nascimento	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Durand of Huesca (c. 1160 -- 1224) was a Spanish Waldensian, who converted in 1207 to Catholicism.	Durand of Huesca	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Francesco Salvi (born 7 February 1953) is an Italian actor, writer, comedian, singer and architect.	Francesco Salvi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Andrea Olivero (born 24 February 1970) is an Italian Senator and professor.	Andrea Olivero	Italian
languages spoken or written	Martin Grabmann (5 January 1875 -- 9 January 1949) was a German Catholic priest, medievalist and historian of theology and philosophy.	Martin Grabmann	German
languages spoken or written	Yun Dong-ju (Korean pronunciation: (jundoŋdʑu); December 30, 1917 -- February 16, 1945) was a Korean poet.	Yun Dong-ju	Korean
languages spoken or written	Eriks Ādamsons (June 22, 1907 -- February 28, 1946) was a Latvian writer, poet and novelist.	Eriks Ādamsons	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Alona Frankel (Hebrew: אלונה פרנקל‎, June 27, 1937) is a Polish-born Israeli writer and illustrator of many, classic children's books as well as recently published poetic memoirs for young adults.	Alona Frankel	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Carmelo Larrea Carricarte (July 16, 1907 -- February 2, 1980) was a Spanish songwriter and musician.	Carmelo Larrea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maxime Laubeuf was a French maritime engineer of the late nineteenth century.	Maxime Laubeuf	French
languages spoken or written	Jörg Immendorff (June 14, 1945 -- May 28, 2007) was one of the best known contemporary German painters; he was also a sculptor, stage designer and art professor.	Jörg Immendorff	German
languages spoken or written	Ferenc Szabadváry (1 September 1923 -- 21 May 2006) was a Hungarian chemist and historian.	Ferenc Szabadváry	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn An Ninh (1900-1943) was a Vietnamese writer, activist and revolutionary during the country struggle against the French colonial empire.	Nguyễn An Ninh	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Andrea Appiani (31 May 1754 -- 8 November 1817) was an Italian neoclassical painter.	Andrea Appiani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan Carlos Chirinos, in The Contemporary Spanish-American Novel.	Juan Carlos Chirinos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Soumili Biswas is a Bengali film and television actress, model, TV anchor, and a classical danseuse.	Soumili Biswas	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Tuvia Beeri (Hebrew: טוביה בארי‎, born 1929 in Czechoslovakia) is a Czech-Israeli painter.	Tuvia Beeri	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Tomás Marco Aragón (born 12 September 1942), is a Spanish composer and writer on music.	Tomás Marco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Aron Ettore Schmitz (19 December 1861 -- 13 September 1928), better known by the pseudonym Italo Svevo (Italian: (ˈiːtalo ˈzvɛːvo)), was an Italian writer and businessman, known as a novelist, playwright, and short story writer.	Italo Svevo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Pierre Lestringuez (October 17, 1889 -- October 18, 1950) was a French screenwriter and film actor.	Pierre Lestringuez	French
languages spoken or written	C. I. Paul was a Malayalam film and television actor.	C. I. Paul	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Bossi (11 August 1777 -- 9 November 1815) was an Italian painter, arts administrator and writer on art. He ranks among the foremost figures of Neoclassical culture in Lombardy, along with Ugo Foscolo, Giuseppe Parini, Andrea Appiani or Manzoni.	Giuseppe Bossi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Davies Sherborn (30 June 1861 -- 22 June 1942) was an English bibliographer, paleontologist and geologist.	Charles Davies Sherborn	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Zevaco (1916--2003) was a French-Moroccan architect.	Jean-François Zevaco	French
languages spoken or written	James Franck (26 August 1882 -- 21 May 1964) was a German physicist who won the 1925 Nobel Prize for Physics with Gustav Hertz ``for their discovery of the laws governing the impact of an electron upon an atom''.	James Franck	German
languages spoken or written	Marthe Hanau (1890-1935) was a Frenchwoman who defrauded French financial markets in the 1920s and 1930s.	Marthe Hanau	French
languages spoken or written	Javier de Villota (Madrid, 1994) is a Spanish painter, sculptor and architect who comes from two generations of artists, being the great-grandson of José Diaz y Palma and grandnephew of José Gutierrez Solana who deeply influenced his career.	Javier de Villota	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir William Congreve, 2nd Baronet KCH FRS (20 May 1772 -- 16 May 1828) was an English inventor and rocket artillery pioneer distinguished for his development and deployment of Congreve rockets, and a Tory Member of Parliament (MP).	Sir William Congreve, 2nd Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Emili Rosales i Castellà (Sant Carles de la Ràpita, Catalonia, February 12, 1968) is a Catalan writer and editor.	Emili Rosales i Castellà	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Lloyd Fernando (31 May 1926 -- 28 February 2008) was a Malaysian author and professor at the University of Malaya in the English Department.	Lloyd Fernando	English
languages spoken or written	Isabel-Clara Simó i Monllor (1943) is a Spanish journalist and writer born in the town of Alcoi located in the Valencian Community.	Isabel-Clara Simó	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Eugène Robert (6 December 1806 -- 28 May 1882) was a French naturalist, geologist and entomologist.	Louis Eugène Robert	French
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Trincado Mateo was a philosopher of Spanish origin.	Joaquín Trincado Mateo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre A. Riffard is a French philosopher and specialist in esotericism.	Pierre A. Riffard	French
languages spoken or written	Peter Reading (27 July 1946 -- 17 November 2011) was an English poet and the author of 26 collections of poetry.	Peter Reading	English
languages spoken or written	Jacques-François-Fromental-Élie Halévy, usually known as Fromental Halévy (French: (fʁɔmɑ̃tal alevi); 27 May 1799 -- 17 March 1862), was a French composer.	Fromental Halévy	French
languages spoken or written	Joanes Leizarraga (1506--1601) was a 16th-century Basque priest.	Joanes Leizarraga	Basque
languages spoken or written	Alberto Posadas (Valladolid, 1967), is a Spanish composer.	Alberto Posadas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Churchill Babington (/ˈbæbɪŋtən/; 11 March 1821 -- 12 January 1889) was an English classical scholar, archaeologist and naturalist.	Churchill Babington	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Carlos Ortega Pérez (born July 14, 1971) is the head coach of the Danish handball team KIF Kolding København and a former Spanish handball player.	Antonio Carlos Ortega	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Raymond Bernard (10 October 1891 -- 12 December 1977) was a French film director and screenwriter whose career spanned more than forty years.	Raymond Bernard	French
licensed to broadcast to	WOMR (92.1 FM) is a public broadcasting community radio station based in Provincetown, Massachusetts.	WOMR	Provincetown
licensed to broadcast to	WYFR was a shortwave radio station located in Okeechobee, Florida, United States.	WYFR	Okeechobee, Florida
licensed to broadcast to	CKZZ-FM (95.3 FM, ``Z95.3'') is a Canadian radio station in the Greater Vancouver region of British Columbia.	CKZZ-FM	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	WRGV (107.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Pensacola, Florida, United States.	WRGV	Pensacola
licensed to broadcast to	WKTK is a commercial radio station licensed in Crystal River, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville-Ocala, Florida area on 98.5 FM.	WKTK	Crystal River
licensed to broadcast to	WHHY-FM (101.9 FM, ``Y-102'') is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery, Alabama, USA.	WHHY-FM	Montgomery
licensed to broadcast to	KDRB, ``100.3 The Bus,'' is an adult hits radio station similar to Jack FM serving the Des Moines, Iowa, area in the USA.	KDRB	Des Moines
licensed to broadcast to	KOAI (95.1/94.9 FM ``The Oasis'') is a Soft adult contemporary radio station serving the Phoenix metropolitan area and licensed to Sun City West, Arizona.	KOAI	Sun City West
licensed to broadcast to	KJMJ 580 kHz is an American AM radio broadcasting station in Alexandria, Louisiana.	KJMJ	Alexandria
licensed to broadcast to	WGEV is a college radio station that is owned by Geneva College in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania.	WGEV	Beaver Falls
licensed to broadcast to	KZOY is a daytime-only AM station licensed for 500 watts on 1520 kHz at Sioux Falls, South Dakota.	KZOY	Sioux Falls
licensed to broadcast to	WLES is a Christian Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bon Air, Virginia, serving Metro Richmond.	WLES	Bon Air, Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	WMXO is a radio station licensed to and located in Olean, NY.	WMXO	Olean
licensed to broadcast to	CKVI-FM is a Canadian community radio station, owned and operated by Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute in Kingston, Ontario.	CKVI-FM	Kingston
licensed to broadcast to	KLXX (1270 AM), known as ``Super Talk 1270'', is a radio station located midway between Mandan and Bismarck, North Dakota, USA.	KLXX	Mandan
licensed to broadcast to	KTKN (930 AM) is an American commercial radio station airing talk and hot adult contemporary music programming in Ketchikan, Alaska.	KTKN	Ketchikan
licensed to broadcast to	CIYN-FM is a classic hits radio station in Kincardine, Ontario, broadcasting at 87.7 FM.	CIYN-FM	Kincardine
licensed to broadcast to	CJYQ is an AM radio station broadcasting at 930 kHz in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	CJYQ	St. John
licensed to broadcast to	WTGZ (93.9 FM, ``The Tiger'') is a commercial radio station in Union Springs, Alabama, broadcasting to the Auburn, Alabama, area.	WTGZ	Union Springs
licensed to broadcast to	KAPE (1550 AM, ``Cape Radio 1550'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Cape Girardeau, Missouri.	KAPE	Cape Girardeau
licensed to broadcast to	KELQ (107.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format, simulcasting KELO 1320 AM. Licensed to Flandreau, South Dakota, it serves the Sioux Falls, South Dakota area. The station is currently owned by Duey E. Wright, through licensee Midwest Communications, Inc.	KELQ	Flandreau
licensed to broadcast to	WHHH, 96.3 FM, is a mainstream urban-leaning rhythmic contemporary radio station in Indianapolis, Indiana.	WHHH	Indianapolis
licensed to broadcast to	WTVR-FM (98.1 MHz) is an FM radio station licensed to Richmond, Virginia.	WTVR-FM	Richmond
licensed to broadcast to	WKNY (1490 kHz AM) is a radio station serving the Kingston, New York, area with an adult contemporary format.	WKNY	Kingston
licensed to broadcast to	KCCD (90.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Moorhead, Minnesota, serving the Fargo, ND/Moorhead, MN area.	KCCD	Moorhead
licensed to broadcast to	KASI (1430 AM, ``News Talk 1430'') is a radio station licensed to serve Ames, Iowa.	KASI	Ames, Iowa
licensed to broadcast to	WWDM is an urban adult contemporary radio station licensed to Sumter, South Carolina and serves the Columbia, South Carolina market.	WWDM	Sumter
licensed to broadcast to	KEXO is a radio station serving Grand Junction, Colorado and vicinity with a sports talk format affiliated with ESPN, and providing play-by-play coverage of Colorado Mesa University Athletics as well as local high school football.	KEXO	Grand Junction
licensed to broadcast to	WWSR (93.1 FM, ``93.1 The Fan'') is a commercial radio station in Lima, Ohio, broadcasting a sports format.	WWSR	Lima
licensed to broadcast to	WROR-FM is a radio station licensed to Framingham, Massachusetts, serving the greater Boston region.	WROR-FM	Framingham
licensed to broadcast to	WUWG FM 90.7 is the radio station at the University of West Georgia in Carrollton, Georgia, and a part of the GPB Radio state network.	WUWG	Carrollton, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	KLDY (1280 AM) is a radio station licensed to Lacey, Washington, USA.	KLDY	Lacey, Washington
licensed to broadcast to	CKRW-FM, also branded The Rush, is a hot adult contemporary radio station in Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada.	CKRW-FM	Whitehorse
licensed to broadcast to	WDRC-FM, known as 102.9 The Whale, is a radio station based in Bloomfield, Connecticut, which primarily serves the Hartford market with a classic rock format.	WDRC-FM	Hartford
licensed to broadcast to	KWJJ-FM (99.5 FM) is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland, Oregon, area.	KWJJ-FM	Portland
licensed to broadcast to	CHUB-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts at 105.5 FM in Red Deer, Alberta with a hot adult contemporary format branded as Big 105.	CHUB-FM	Red Deer
licensed to broadcast to	KTCK-FM (96.7 FM) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve the community of Flower Mound, Texas.	KTCK-FM	Flower Mound
licensed to broadcast to	WALN (89.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Carrollton, Alabama, USA.	WALN	Carrollton
licensed to broadcast to	WCXT is licensed to Hartford, Michigan and focuses on the cities of St. Joseph, Benton Harbor and South Haven.	WCXT	Hartford
licensed to broadcast to	CBI-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio 2 network in Sydney, Nova Scotia.	CBI-FM	Sydney
licensed to broadcast to	CJVB is a radio station in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada which broadcasts multilingual programming at AM 1470.	CJVB	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	WTRN is an American commercial AM radio station, licensed to the borough of Tyrone, Pennsylvania.	WTRN	Tyrone
licensed to broadcast to	WTCB is an adult contemporary radio station licensed to Orangeburg, South Carolina and serves the Columbia, South Carolina market.	WTCB	Orangeburg, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WMLQ (97.7 FM, ``News 97 & 98'') is a radio station located in Manistee, Michigan broadcasting a news/talk format, simulcasting WLDN 98.7 FM Ludington.	WMLQ	Manistee
licensed to broadcast to	KKJZ (88.1 MHz FM, KJAZZ) is a non-commercial public radio station in Southern California broadcasting from the Long Beach State campus.	KKJZ	Long Beach
licensed to broadcast to	WAZL is an AM broadcasting radio station licensed to the city of Hazleton, Pennsylvania with service area extending to the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton radio market.	WAZL	Hazleton
licensed to broadcast to	WRWM (93.9 FM, ``93.9 The Beat'') is a radio station licensed to serve Lawrence, Indiana, that broadcasts in the Indianapolis area.	WRWM	Lawrence
licensed to broadcast to	CFAX 1070 AM is a news-talk radio station in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	CFAX	Victoria
licensed to broadcast to	WRNS-FM is an FM radio station located in Kinston, North Carolina in the United States.	WRNS-FM	Kinston, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	2QN is a radio station based in Deniliquin, New South Wales, Australia.	2QN	Deniliquin
licensed to broadcast to	WQSH (105.7 FM) are the call letters of a radio station licensed to Malta, New York.	WQSH	Malta, New York
licensed to broadcast to	WGTK-FM (94.5 FM) is an FM radio station licensed to serve Greenville, South Carolina.	WGTK-FM	Greenville
licensed to broadcast to	KZBD (105.7 FM, ``Now 105.7 FM'') is a Top 40 (CHR) music formatted radio station serving the Spokane, Washington, USA area.	KZBD	Spokane
licensed to broadcast to	KHEN-LP (106.9 FM) is a low-power community radio station located in Salida, Colorado, USA.	KHEN-LP	Salida
licensed to broadcast to	WYSO (91.3 FM) is a radio station in Yellow Springs, Ohio, near Dayton, operated by Antioch College.	WYSO	Yellow Springs
licensed to broadcast to	KZRX (92.1 FM), known as ``Rockin' the Western Edge Z-92'', is a radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock format serving Western North Dakota from Dickinson, North Dakota.	KZRX	Dickinson, North Dakota
licensed to broadcast to	KQTH (104.1 FM) is a news/talk radio station in Tucson, Arizona``.	KQTH	Tucson
licensed to broadcast to	WANS (1280 AM) is a classic hits radio station located in Anderson, South Carolina.	WANS	Anderson, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	Northsound 1 is a radio station serving Aberdeen and the north east of Scotland.	Northsound 1	Aberdeen
licensed to broadcast to	WNYM (970 kHz) is an AM radio station licensed to Hackensack, New Jersey, USA and serving the New York metropolitan area.	WNYM	Hackensack
licensed to broadcast to	KOMR (106.3 FM) in Sun City, Arizona, is a Spanish Adult Hits radio station serving the Phoenix area.	KOMR	Sun City
licensed to broadcast to	KMVR (104.9 FM, ``Magic 105'') is a radio station licensed to serve Mesilla Park, New Mexico.	KMVR	Mesilla Park
licensed to broadcast to	CHWV-FM is a Canadian radio station in Saint John, New Brunswick broadcasting at 97.3 FM.	CHWV-FM	Saint John
licensed to broadcast to	WFGF (92.1 FM, ``92.1 The Frog'') is a commercial radio station based in Wapakoneta, Ohio, broadcasting a country music format.	WFGF	Wapakoneta
manufacturer	The PlayStation 3 (PS3) is a home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment.	PlayStation 3	Sony Computer Entertainment
manufacturer	Inmarsat-4A F4 has been constructed by EADS Astrium and Thales Alenia Space based on the Alphabus satellite bus.	Inmarsat-4A F4	Astrium	Thales Alenia Space
manufacturer	The LNER Class Y10 was a class of two 0-4-0T geared steam locomotives built by Sentinel Waggon Works for the London and North Eastern Railway and introduced in 1930.	LNER Class Y10	Sentinel Waggon Works
manufacturer	The Präsident was an automobile manufactured by Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau-Fabriks-Gesellschaft A.G. (NW, now known as Tatra) in 1897.	Präsident	Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau-Fabriks-Gesellschaft
manufacturer	The Mossberg 185 is a 20-gauge bolt action shotgun, produced between 1948 and 1964 by O.F. Mossberg & Sons in New Haven, Conn.	Mossberg 185	O.F. Mossberg & Sons
manufacturer	The BTR-4 ``Bucephalus'' (BTR; Ukrainian: Бронетранспортер / Bronetransporter, literally Armoured Transporter) is a 8x8 wheeled armoured personnel carrier (APC) designed in Ukraine by the Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau (SOE KMDB) as a private venture.	BTR-4	Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau
manufacturer	The T-Mobile myTouch 4G is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation for T-Mobile USA's ``myTouch'' re-branded series of phones.	T-Mobile myTouch 4G	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	The AGM-84H/K SLAM-ER (Standoff Land Attack Missile-Expanded Response) is a precision-guided, air-launched cruise missile produced by Boeing Defense, Space & Security for the United States Armed Forces and their allies.	AGM-84H/K SLAM-ER	Boeing
manufacturer	The Yamaha Zuma 125 is a scooter introduced by Yamaha Motor Company in September 2008.	Yamaha Zuma 125	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	LMS diesel shunter 7057 was built by Harland & Wolff.	LMS diesel shunter 7057	Harland & Wolff
manufacturer	The Giffard dirigible or Giffard airship was an airship built in France in 1852 by Henri Giffard, the first powered and steerable (French: dirigeable - ``directable'') airship to fly.	Giffard dirigible	Henri Giffard
manufacturer	The Saiga semi-automatic rifles are a family of Russian semi-automatic rifles manufactured by Kalashnikov Concern (formerly Izhmash), which also manufactures the original AK-47 and its variants, Saiga-12 shotguns and Dragunov sniper rifle.	Saiga semi-automatic rifle	Izhmash
manufacturer	The Mercedes-Benz T2 was a transporter manufactured by Daimler-Benz.	Mercedes-Benz T2	Daimler-Benz
manufacturer	The Caterpillar 345C L is a large hydraulic excavator manufactured by Caterpillar Inc. The 345C L, with 345 hp (257 kW) of net flywheel power, is classified as a large excavator by Caterpillar.	Caterpillar 345C L	Caterpillar Inc.
manufacturer	The Volkswagen Transporter, based on the Volkswagen Group's T platform, now in its sixth generation, refers to a series of vans produced over 60 years and marketed worldwide.	Volkswagen Transporter	Volkswagen Group
manufacturer	Despite postponement of production owing to the 2003 merger between Santa Bárbara Sistemas and General Dynamics, and continued fabrication issues between 2006 and 2007, 219 Leopard 2Es have been delivered to the Spanish army.	Leopard 2E	Santa Bárbara Sistemas
manufacturer	The TRS-80 MC-10 microcomputer is a lesser-known member of the TRS-80 line of home computers, produced by Tandy Corporation in the early 1980s and sold through their RadioShack chain of electronics stores.	TRS-80 MC-10	Tandy Corporation
manufacturer	Echo Ranger is a marine autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) built by Boeing.	Echo Ranger	Boeing
manufacturer	The Hudson Commodore is an automobile which was produced by the Hudson Motor Car Company of Detroit, Michigan between 1941 and 1952.	Hudson Commodore	Hudson Motor Car Company
manufacturer	The British Rail Class 60 is a class of Co-Co heavy freight diesel-electric locomotives built by Brush Traction.	British Rail Class 60	Brush Traction
manufacturer	The Tatra K5AR was an articulated tramcar built by ČKD Tatra.	Tatra K5AR	ČKD
manufacturer	Minotaur-C (Minotaur Commercial), formerly known as Taurus, is a four stage, solid fuel launch vehicle built in the United States by Orbital Sciences Corporation (now Orbital ATK).	Minotaur-C	Orbital Sciences Corporation
manufacturer	The HTC Aria (A6366; or Liberty, or Intruder) is a smartphone manufactured by HTC Corporation that runs the Android operating system with HTC Sense.	HTC Aria	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	The Canon PowerShot SX400 IS is a digital ultrazoom bridge announced by Canon Inc. on July 29, 2014.	Canon PowerShot SX400 IS	Canon Inc.
manufacturer	The Hyundai Mighty (hangul:현대 마이티) is a line of light-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Mighty	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The United States funded Zarya through the U.S. prime contracts in the 1990s as the first module for ISS. Built from December 1994 to January 1998 in Russia at the Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center (KhSC) in Moscow, its control system was developed by the Khartron Corp. (Kharkiv, Ukraine).	Zarya	Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center
manufacturer	The ZIL-2906 or ZIL-29061 is a screw-driven amphibious craft from the Russian ZiL vehicle manufacturer.	ZIL-2906	ZiL
manufacturer	The Eurostar E3000 is a generic satellite model most commonly used for commercial and military communications satellites manufactured by Astrium.	Eurostar E3000	Astrium
manufacturer	The Yamaha Tricity is a tilting three-wheeled motor scooter made by Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha Tricity	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The HK 4.6×30mm cartridge is a type of ammunition used in the Heckler & Koch MP7 Personal Defense Weapon (PDW) and by the canceled HK UCP pistol.	HK 4.6×30mm	Heckler & Koch
manufacturer	Le Rustique is a brand of French cheese owned by the Compagnie des Fromages et RichesMonts (CF&R).	Le Rustique	Compagnie des Fromages et RichesMonts
manufacturer	The McRib is a barbecue-flavored pork product sandwich periodically sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain McDonald's.	McRib	McDonald
manufacturer	AT91CAP (AT91CAP Customizable Atmel Microcontrollers) is a family of Atmel microcontrollers based on the 32-bit RISC microprocessors from ARM.	AT91CAP	Atmel
manufacturer	USNS Wyman (T-AGS-34) was an oceanographic survey vessel laid down on 18 July 1968 by the Defoe Shipbuilding Company of Bay City, Michigan.	USNS Wyman (T-AGS-34)	Defoe Shipbuilding Company
manufacturer	The LG GW620 , also known as the LG Eve and the LG InTouch Max, is a smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics.	LG GW620	LG Electronics
manufacturer	In July 2013, General Motors recalled 114,000 Chevrolet Taveras in India, as the vehicle failed to meet local emission standards.	Chevrolet Tavera	General Motors
manufacturer	The Canon FP is a 35 mm SLR manufactured by Canon Inc. of Japan and introduced in October 1964.	Canon FP	Canon Inc.
manufacturer	HMS L69 was laid down on 7 July 1917 by William Beardmore and Company at their Dalmuir shipyard and launched on 6 December 1918.	HMS L69	William Beardmore and Company
manufacturer	TKB-059 (ТКБ-059) was a Soviet three-barrel bullpup assault rifle, capable of fully automatic fire, chambered for the 7.62×39mm round and manufactured by Tula Arms Plant in 1966.	TKB-059	Tula Arms Plant
manufacturer	Sisu RA-140 DS ``Raisu'' is a flail-type demining vehicle developed and produced by the Finnish company Sisu-Auto and later produced by Patria Vehicles in 1994--2001.	Sisu RA-140 DS	Sisu-Auto
manufacturer	In 1985, Iran acquired 90 to 100 Hwasong-5 missiles from North Korea in a deal worth US$500M.	Hwasong-5	Iran
manufacturer	The DKW Monza was a sports car built on an Auto Union DKW base.	DKW Monza	Auto Union
manufacturer	HMS M29 and her sisters were ordered from Harland & Wolff, Belfast in March 1915.	HMS M29	Harland & Wolff
manufacturer	The Browning Buck Mark is a semi-automatic pistol, made by the Browning Arms Company and chambered for the .22 Long Rifle cartridge.	Browning Buck Mark	Browning Arms Company
manufacturer	The GCR Class 8C was a class of a pair of 4-6-0 locomotives built for the Great Central Railway in 1903--1904 by Beyer, Peacock and Company.	GCR Class 8C	Beyer, Peacock and Company
manufacturer	The Sigma SD10 is a digital SLR camera produced by the Sigma Corporation of Japan.	Sigma SD10	Sigma Corporation
manufacturer	The Daimler Majestic DF316/7, DF318/9 luxury saloon was launched by the Daimler Company of Coventry in July 1958 and was in production until 1962.	Daimler Majestic	Daimler Company
member of political party	Bent Høie (born 4 May 1971) is a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party who has been Minister of Health and Care Services since 16 October 2013.	Bent Høie	Conservative Party
member of political party	Chizuko Takahashi (高橋 千鶴子 Takahashi Chizuko) is a Japanese politician and member of House of Representatives for the Japanese Communist Party.	Chizuko Takahashi	Japanese Communist Party
member of political party	Ingrid Fiskaa (born 16 April 1977) is a Norwegian activist and politician for the Socialist Left Party.	Ingrid Fiskaa	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Hikmet Çetin (born 1937 in Lice, Diyarbakır Province) is a Turkish politician former minister of foreign affairs and was leader of the Republican People's Party (CHP) for a short time.	Hikmet Çetin	Republican People's Party
member of political party	Wolfgang Herrmann (March 14, 1904 -- April 1945) was a German librarian and member of the Nazi Party, whose blacklist provided the template for the Nazi book burnings in May 1933.	Wolfgang Herrmann	Nazi Party
member of political party	Håkon Rege (born 30 September 1955) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party, currently as mayor of Sola.	Håkon Rege	Conservative Party
member of political party	After the Romanian Communist Party came to power in Romania, Justin Georgescu, along other young Romanian anti-fascists fallen during World War II, was honoured as a ``Hero of the youth''.	Justin Georgescu	Romanian Communist Party
member of political party	Giuliano Bignasca (10 April 1945--7 March 2013) was a Swiss politician, who was a co-founder of the Ticino League.	Giuliano Bignasca	Ticino League
member of political party	Sefiu Adegbenga Kaka (born 14 May 1952) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for Ogun East in the 9 April 2011 national elections, running on the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) ticket.	Sefiu Adegbenga Kaka	Action Congress of Nigeria
member of political party	Drew Hansen is an American politician of the Democratic Party and author.	Drew Hansen	Democratic Party
member of political party	Harbans Kapoor (born 7 January 1946) is an Indian politician who is a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Uttarakhand State.	Harbans Kapoor	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Josep Maria Rañé has been an active member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia-Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSC-PSOE) since 1984.	Josep Maria Rañé	Socialists' Party of Catalonia
member of political party	John S. Watrous (died 1897) was a politician from Minnesota Territory, a member of the Republican Party, and a former member of the Minnesota Territory House of Representatives, representing St. Louis County, Minnesota.	John S. Watrous	Republican Party
member of political party	Joaquín Leguina Herrán (born 5 May 1941) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, former President of Madrid between 1983 and 1995 and Secretary-General of the Socialist Party of Madrid from 1979 to 1991.	Joaquín Leguina	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Antonio Bonfatti (born December 1, 1950) is an Argentine physician and Socialist Party politician.	Antonio Bonfatti	Socialist Party
member of political party	Felix Roque is a Cuban-American medical doctor, U.S. Army Reserve colonel, and Democratic Party politician who is the current Mayor of West New York, New Jersey.	Felix Roque	Democratic Party
member of political party	(Hugh) Gerard Sweetman (10 June 1908 -- 28 January 1970) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and solicitor.	Gerard Sweetman	Fine Gael
member of political party	Eva Selin Lindgren (1936 -- 3 September 2011) was a Swedish Centre Party politician and a professor in nuclear physics.	Eva Selin Lindgren	Centre Party
member of political party	Then followed by some momentous years S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike was biding his time after he had resigned from UNP and making plans for the future with his nascent Sri Lanka Freedom Party and offered a place to Maithripala Senanayake, who was then an Independent MP in Parliament.	Maithripala Senanayake	Sri Lanka Freedom Party
member of political party	Hugh Gibbons (6 July 1916 -- 13 November 2007) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who sat in Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for twelve years, from 1965 to 1977.	Hugh Gibbons	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Howard E. Penley was an organizer and official of the Socialist Party of America who was forcably inducted into the U.S. Armed Forces in the Second World War after claiming conscientious objector status for political and religious reasons.	Howard E. Penley	Socialist Party of America
member of political party	Teresa Kok Suh Sim (Chinese: 郭素沁; pinyin: Guō Sù Qìn; born 31 March 1964) is a Malaysian Member of Parliament from the Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Teresa Kok	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Nadezhda Bondarenko (Cyrillic: Наде́жда Бондаре́нко, born 19 October 1950 in Ivanovo, Russian SFSR) is a politician in Transnistria and a candidate for President in the 2006 election for the Pridnestrovie Communist Party and the Communist Party of Pridnestrovie.	Nadezhda Bondarenko	Pridnestrovie Communist Party
member of political party	Gavrielle Holmes also known as Gavrielle Gemma was a third-party candidate (Workers World Party) for President of the United States in the U.S. presidential election, 1984, receiving votes in Ohio (2,565) and Rhode Island.	Gavrielle Holmes	Workers World Party
member of political party	Juan Pedro Bordaberry Herrán (born April 28, 1960) is a Uruguayan political figure from the Colorado Party.	Pedro Bordaberry	Colorado Party
member of political party	Makashule Gana (born 11 August 1983) is a South African politician, and the current Shadow Minister of Human Settlements for the Democratic Alliance.	Makashule Gana	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Osmund Kaldheim (born 20 January 1964) is a Norwegian businessman, civil servant and politician for the Conservative Party.	Osmund Kaldheim	Conservative Party
member of political party	Zachariah Chandler (December 10, 1813 -- November 1, 1879) was an American politician, one of the founders of the Republican Party, whose radical wing he dominated as a lifelong abolitionist.	Zachariah Chandler	Republican Party
member of political party	Arne Kielland (8 September 1939 -- 6 July 2003) was a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party and later the Socialist Left Party (SV).	Arne Kielland	Norwegian Labour Party	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Bhaurao Dagadurao Deshmukh (born 29 December 1922) was a member of the 3rd and 4th Lok Sabha of India from the Aurangabad constituency of Maharashtra and a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.	Bhaurao Dagadurao Deshmukh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Nguyễn Thế Thảo has been chairman of the Hanoi People's Committee since 2007 and is member of the Central Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam XI.	Nguyễn Thế Thảo	Communist Party of Vietnam
member of political party	Becky Lourey (born September 24, 1943) is an American politician, a former Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL) state senator and state representative, and a former Minnesota gubernatorial candidate.	Becky Lourey	Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party
member of political party	Ingrid Lieten (born 20 April 1964, Hasselt) is a Flemish politician and currently Minister for Innovation, Public Investment, Media and Poverty Reduction in the Flemish Government for the Socialist Party -- Different.	Ingrid Lieten	Socialist Party -- Different
member of political party	Louise Bodin (1877 -- 3 February 1929) was a French feminist and journalist who became a member of the steering committee of the French Communist Party.	Louise Bodin	French Communist Party
member of political party	Palas Barman (b. 1 January 1929, d. 10 June 2000), an Indian politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party.	Palas Barman	Revolutionary Socialist Party
member of political party	Elke Roex (born 29 June 1974) is a Belgian, Flemish politician and member of the Flemish Parliament for the Socialist Party -- Different (Dutch: Socialistische Partij -- Anders) (SP.A) since 2004 and a member of the City Council of Anderlecht.	Elke Roex	Socialist Party -- Different
member of political party	Nathaniel Eckersley (1815 -- 15 February 1892) was an English mill-owner, banker and Conservative Party politician from Standish Hall, near Wigan in Lancashire.	Nathaniel Eckersley	Conservative Party
member of political party	Erling Lae (born 16 March 1947) is a Norwegian county governor and politician for the Conservative Party.	Erling Lae	Conservative Party
member of political party	Carlos Armando Biebrich Torres (born 19 November 1939) is a Mexican lawyer and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as Governor of Sonora from 1973 to 1975, he also has served as Deputy of the XLVII and LX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Sonora.	Carlos Armando Biebrich	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Mohammad Asghar (born 30 September 1945), known as Oscar, is a Welsh politician, who has been a member of the Welsh Conservative Party, the Welsh Labour Party, and Plaid Cymru.	Mohammad Asghar	Welsh Conservative Party
member of political party	Liao Zhongkai (April 23, 1877 -- August 20, 1925) was a Kuomintang leader and financier.	Liao Zhongkai	Kuomintang
member of political party	Liliane Maury Pasquier (born 16 December 1956) is a Swiss politician, member of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland, elected to the Swiss Council of States for the canton of Geneva in 2007, and is currently a member of a delegation that cooperates with the French parliament to foster cooperation between the countries.	Liliane Maury Pasquier	Social Democratic Party of Switzerland
member of political party	Benoît Sauvageau (November 22, 1963 -- August 28, 2006) was a Canadian politician, who served as a Bloc Québécois member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 until his death in 2006.	Benoît Sauvageau	Bloc Québécois
member of political party	Brahm Dutt Dwivedi (died 1997) was an Indian cabinet minister in Government of Uttar Pradesh, and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Brahm Dutt Dwivedi	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Cyril Svoboda (born November 25, 1956 in Prague) is a Czech politician, leader of the Christian and Democratic Union -- Czechoslovak People's Party between 2001--2003 and 2009--2010 and a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic (1998--2010).	Cyril Svoboda	Christian and Democratic Union -- Czechoslovak People's Party
member of political party	Martin Kabwelulu Labilo was named Minister of Mines by President Joseph Kabila in the government headed by Antoine Gizenga in February 2007 one of four members of Gizenga's Unified Lumumbist Party (PALU) to be named to the cabinet.	Martin Kabwelulu	Unified Lumumbist Party
member of political party	Throughout her scientific career, Véronique De Keyser maintained a strong political commitment in the Belgian Socialist Party.	Véronique De Keyser	Socialist Party
member of political party	Éamon Ó Cuív (Irish pronunciation: (ˈeːmˠənˠ oː ˈkiːvʲ); born 23 June 1950) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Éamon Ó Cuív	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Najima Rhozali or Najima Thay Thay Rhozali (Arabic: نجيمة الغوزالي‎ ; born 1960, Oujda) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents party.	Najima Rhozali	National Rally of Independents
member of political party	Cesare Salvi (born 9 June 1948) is a senior Italian politician and senator with the Democrats of the Left (DS) who served as minister of labor and social security.	Cesare Salvi	Democrats of the Left
member of political party	James R. Hurley (born January 29, 1932, Seaford, Delaware) is an American Republican Party politician from Millville in Cumberland County, New Jersey.	James R. Hurley	Republican Party
member of political party	Per Steinar Osmundnes (born 20 August 1980) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Per Steinar Osmundnes	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Ignazio Messina (born 24 July 1964) is an Italian lawyer and politician and leader of Italy of Values.	Ignazio Messina	Italy of Values
member of political party	Dominic Hannigan (born July 1965) is an Irish Labour Party politician and a member of Dáil Éireann.	Dominic Hannigan	Labour Party
member of political party	Thomas P. Foy (March 13, 1951 -- September 1, 2004) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature representing the 7th Legislative District, which covers portions of Burlington County and Camden County.	Thomas P. Foy	Democratic Party
member of political party	Hans Kristian Hogsnes (17 October 1954 -- 30 December 2010) was a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Hans Kristian Hogsnes	Conservative Party
member of political party	Reginald Purbrick (1877 -- 6 November 1950) was a Conservative Party politician elected as Member of Parliament for Liverpool Walton between 1929 and 1945, notable for asking then Prime Minister Winston Churchill, whether the Royal Air Force would consider bombing Dresden and other East German cities.	Reginald Purbrick	Conservative Party
member of political party	John Lee Carroll (September 30, 1830 -- February 27, 1911), a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 37th Governor of Maryland from 1876 to 1880.	John Lee Carroll	Democratic Party
member of political party	Nihat Zeybekci (born 1 January 1961) is a Turkish economist, politician, a member of parliament for Denizli Province of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) and former Minister of the Economy.	Nihat Zeybekci	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Javier Duarte de Ochoa (born 19 September 1973) is a Mexican affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who currently serves as Governor of Veracruz.	Javier Duarte de Ochoa	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Frank M. Ziebach attended the Democratic Party Territorial Convention in 1874, and in 1882, serving each time on the influential ``Committee on Resolutions''.	Frank M. Ziebach	Democratic Party
member of political party	Jon Havelock was elected as the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta member for Calgary Shaw in the 1993 Alberta general election after the former member of the riding Jim Dinning, switched ridings to Calgary Fish Creek.	Jon Havelock	Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta
member of political party	Latif Khosa was elected as the General Secretary of Pakistan Peoples Party on 23 March 2013.	Latif Khosa	Pakistan Peoples Party
member of political party	Eusebia del Rosario Ortiz Yeladaqui is a Mexican politician from Quintana Roo, affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), who currently serves in the cabinet of Governor Félix González Canto.	Rosario Ortiz Yeladaqui	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Yıldırım Akbulut (Turkish pronunciation: (jɯɫdɯˈɾɯm akbuˈɫut); born 15 November 1935 in Erzincan) is a Turkish politician, who was a leader of the Anavatan Partisi (Motherland Party), a former Prime Minister of Turkey and twice the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.	Yıldırım Akbulut	Motherland Party
member of political party	Pierre-Hugues Boisvenu (born February 12, 1949) is a Canadian politician and victim's rights activist, who was appointed to the Senate of Canada on January 29, 2010 on the advice of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, representing the province of Quebec under the banner of the Conservative Party of Canada.	Pierre-Hugues Boisvenu	Conservative Party of Canada
member of political party	Sheila Kaul (7 February 1915 -- 13 June 2015) was a social democratic leader of the Indian National Congress, a stateswoman, cabinet minister and governor, and the oldest living former member of parliament in India at the time of her death.	Sheila Kaul	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Mohammed Badie (Arabic: محمد بديع‎ Muḥammad Badīʿ, IPA: (mæˈħæmmæd bæˈdiːʕ); born 7 August 1943) is the Supreme Guide of the Muslim Brotherhood.	Mohammed Badie	Muslim Brotherhood
member of political party	Andris Vilks (born 15 June 1963) is a Latvian politician, member of the Unity party and Minister of Finance of Latvia from 2010 until 2014.	Andris Vilks	Unity
member of political party	Sir Henry Peyton, 3rd Baronet (30 June 1804 -- 18 February 1866), was an English Conservative Party politician.	Sir Henry Peyton, 3rd Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Dr. Dion George MP is a South African economist and politician, the Shadow Minister of Finance, and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance (DA).	Dion George	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Albadé Abouba is a Nigerien politician who has been the Secretary-General of the National Movement for the Development of Society (MNSD-Nassara) since 2009.	Albadé Abouba	National Movement for the Development of Society
member of political party	Robert Smillie (17 March 1857 -- 16 February 1940) was a trade unionist and Labour Party politician in Great Britain, especially Scotland.	Robert Smillie	Labour Party
member of political party	Mahinder Yadav, also spelled as Mahendra Yadav, is an Indian politician from the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP).	Mahinder Yadav	Aam Aadmi Party
member of political party	Salamon Mørkved (27 September 1891 -- 30 June 1978) was a Norwegian forester and politician for the Liberal Party.	Salamon Mørkved	Liberal Party
member of political party	Gbemisola Ruqayyah Saraki is a Nigerian senator who was elected to represent the People's Democratic Party in the Central Senatorial District of Kwara State in April 2003.	Gbemisola Ruqayyah Saraki	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Heinrich Schmelz (German pronunciation: (ˈhaɪnʁɪç ˈʃmɛlt͡s); 24 February 1930 in Vienna) is a former Austrian politician (Austrian People's Party) and federal civil servant.	Heinrich Schmelz	Austrian People's Party
member of political party	Hywel Williams (born 14 May 1953) is a Welsh politician and Plaid Cymru Member of Parliament for Arfon.	Hywel Williams	Plaid Cymru
member of political party	Jose Thettayil (born 17 August 1950) is an Indian politician, trade unionist, advocate, and a member of Janata Dal (Secular).	Jose Thettayil	Janata Dal
member of political party	Sanjaagiin Bayar (Mongolian: Санжаагийн Баяр) (born March 4, 1956) is a Mongolian politician who was General Secretary of the Mongolian People's Party from 22 November 2007 to 8 April 2009, and Prime Minister of Mongolia from 22 November 2007 to 29 October 2009.	Sanjaagiin Bayar	Mongolian People's Party
member of political party	Marian Shinn is a South African politician, a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance (DA), and the Shadow Minister of Telecommunications and Postal Services.	Marian Shinn	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Robert Thomas Jones (14 October 1874-15 Dec 1940) was a Welsh quarryman, trade unionist and Labour Party politician.	Robert Thomas Jones	Labour Party
member of political party	Dr. Ágnes Molnár (born May 12, 1956) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Győr-Moson-Sopron County Regional List from 2006 to 2014, and her party's national list since 2014.	Ágnes Molnár	Fidesz
member of political party	Christopher Paul Farrelly (born 2 March 1962) is a British Labour Party politician and journalist, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newcastle-under-Lyme since 2001.	Paul Farrelly	Labour Party
member of political party	Leslie Sanchez (born 1971) is an American author, political pundit affiliated with the Republican Party, and founder/CEO of Impacto Group LLC, a Washington, D.C.-based market research and consulting firm.	Leslie Sanchez	Republican Party
member of political party	Michael Gallanagh (1919 -- 1 December 2001) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and Army captain.	Michael Gallanagh	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Dean Alfange (December 2, 1897 -- October 24, 1989) was an American politician who held nominations and appointments from a number of parties, including the Democratic Party, the Republican Party, the American Labor Party, and the Liberal Party of New York, of which he was a founding member.	Dean Alfange	Democratic Party	Republican Party	American Labor Party
member of political party	Patrick J. Diegnan, Jr. (born March 19, 1949) is an American Democratic Party politician, who currently represents the 18th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly having done so since 2002.	Patrick J. Diegnan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal (born 19 April 1957) is a Mexican economist and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party who is the incumbent Secretary of Economy of Mexico.	Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Sorie Ibrahim Koroma (March 18, 1930 -- April 30, 1994) commonly known as S.I. Koroma is a former Sierra Leonean politician, labor activist, and one of the founding members of the All People's Congress political party.	Sorie Ibrahim Koroma	All People's Congress
member of political party	David Figueroa Ortega (born 6 July 1970) is a Mexican diplomatic and politician from the National Action Party.	David Figueroa Ortega	National Action Party
member of political party	Peter Paul Pillai was an Indian schoolmaster, landlord, politician and social reformer who represented Tirunelveli at the first session of the Indian National Congress.	Peter Paul Pillai	Indian National Congress
member of political party	C. Jayan Babu is a politician from Kerala, India, belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist).	C. Jayan Babu	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Arne Haukvik (12 February 1926 -- 21 August 2002) was a Norwegian sports official for IL i BUL and politician for the Centre Party and the Pensioners Party.	Arne Haukvik	Centre Party
member of political party	Timo Laaninen is the party secretary of the Centre Party in Finland since 12 June 2010.	Timo Laaninen	Centre Party
member of political party	Jerry Pye is a Canadian politician and member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly, representing the riding of Dartmouth North for the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party.	Jerry Pye	Nova Scotia New Democratic Party
member of political party	Sacca Lafia (born October 21, 1944) is a Beninese politician, the President of the Union for Democracy and National Solidarity (UDS), and a former First Vice-President of the National Assembly of Benin.	Sacca Lafia	Union for Democracy and National Solidarity
member of political party	Prem Prakash Pandey is a Bharatiya Janata Party Member of the Legislative Assembly from Bhilai Nagar in Chhattisgarh.	Prem Prakash Pandey	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Kristin Clemet (born 20 April 1957 in Harstad) is a Norwegian politician for Høyre, Norway's Conservative Party.	Kristin Clemet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Michael Aggelidis was for many years a member of the SPD and the PDS, as well as a founding member of the Labour and Social Justice -- The Electoral Alternative (WASG).	Michael Aggelidis	Labour and Social Justice -- The Electoral Alternative
member of political party	Gilles Ouimet is a former Canadian politician, who was a Quebec Liberal Party member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Fabre.	Gilles Ouimet	Quebec Liberal Party
member of political party	Chris Harman (8 November 1942 -- 7 November 2009) was a British journalist and political activist, and a member of the Central Committee of the Socialist Workers Party.	Chris Harman	Socialist Workers Party
member of political party	Colonel Sir Tatton Benvenuto Mark Sykes, 6th Baronet (16 March 1879 -- 16 February 1919) was an English traveller, Conservative Party politician and diplomatic adviser, particularly with regard to the Middle East at the time of the First World War.	Mark Sykes	Conservative Party
member of political party	Alan Schlesinger (born January 4, 1958) is an American attorney, entrepreneur, politician and member of the Republican Party from the State of Florida.	Alan Schlesinger	Republican Party
member of political party	Jesús Ortega Martínez (born November 5, 1952 in Aguascalientes) is a Mexican Centre-left politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) who has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress.	Jesús Ortega	Party of the Democratic Revolution
member of political party	After a career in the social economy, Sylvie Guillaume joined the Socialist Party (PS) in 1988 in the Rhône.	Sylvie Guillaume	Socialist Party
member of political party	Don Ryan was a Democratic Party member of the Montana Senate, representing District 10 since 2000.	Don Ryan	Democratic Party
member of political party	Eknath Gaikwad (Marathi: एकनाथ गायकवाड) (born 1 January 1940) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.	Eknath Gaikwad	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Lefter Maliqi has been a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania for the period 2009 - 2013.	Lefter Maliqi	Democratic Party of Albania
member of political party	Vasile Bahnaru was a founder of the Popular Front of Moldova.	Vasile Bahnaru	Popular Front of Moldova
member of political party	Dr. George G. Graham (born September 23, 1931) is a former Chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party.	George G. Graham	Republican Party
member of political party	Ignacio Gil Lázaro (born 23 September 1957, in Valencia, Spain) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).	Ignacio Gil	People's Party
member of political party	Robert Peter Laurie, CB, VD, (24 October 1835 -- 29 July 1905) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Robert Peter Laurie	Conservative Party
member of political party	On 24 October 2009 the delegates of all-Ukrainian union ``Batkivshchyna'' formally and unanimously endorsed Yulia Tymoshenko as their candidate for the next Presidential election.	Yulia Tymoshenko	Batkivshchyna
member of political party	Arturo Zamora Jiménez (born March 30, 1956 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Arturo Zamora Jiménez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Carlos Coelho (born May 20, 1960 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Social Democratic Party--	Carlos Coelho	Social Democratic Party
member of political party	Karne Prabhakar is an Indian politician and politburo member of Telangana Rashtra Samithi.	Karne Prabhakar	Telangana Rashtra Samithi
member of political party	Eduardo Jesus Lopez-Reyes (Ed Lopez-Reyes, Eduardo Lopez, Ed Lopez), of Greenwich, Connecticut, is an American Republican Party activist and former National Vice Chairman of the Republican Liberty Caucus.	Ed Lopez	Republican Party
member of political party	François Legault (pronounced: (fʁɑ̃swa ləɡo); born May 26, 1957) is a politician in Quebec, Canada and leader of the Coalition Avenir Québec party since its foundation in 2011.	François Legault	Coalition Avenir Québec
member of political party	Rafael Leonardo Callejas Romero (born November 14, 1943) was the President of Honduras from 27 January 1990 to 27 January 1994, representing the National Party of Honduras (PNH).	Rafael Leonardo Callejas Romero	National Party of Honduras
member of political party	Tai Chi-tao (Chinese: 戴季陶; pinyin: Dài Jìtáo; January 6, 1891 -- February 21, 1949) was a Chinese journalist, an early Kuomintang member, and the first head of the Examination Yuan of the Republic of China.	Tai Chi-tao	Kuomintang
member of political party	Per Aasness (26 July 1875 -- 1959) was a Norwegian military officer and politician for the Liberal Party.	Per Aasness	Liberal Party
member of political party	Philippe Muyters (born 6 December 1961) is a Flemish politician and is a member of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA).	Philippe Muyters	New Flemish Alliance
member of political party	Ernst van der Beugel (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛrnst vɐn dɛr ˈbøːɣəl)) (2 February 1918, Amsterdam -- 29 September 2004, The Hague) was a Dutch economist, businessman, diplomat, and politician of the Labour Party.	Ernst van der Beugel	Labour Party
member of political party	Joan Lerma i Blasco (Valencia, Spain, 15 July 1951) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), who served as the first democratically elected President of the Valencian Community since the restoration of democracy in the 1970s.	Joan Lerma	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	William Gilbert Weir (July 1, 1896 -- December 12, 1971) was a Canadian politician and was the longest serving Liberal-Progressive Member of Parliament in Canadian history sitting in the Canadian House of Commons for 27 years.	William Gilbert Weir	Liberal-Progressive
member of political party	Air Commodore John Allan Cecil Cecil-Wright AFC (28 August 1886 -- 14 July 1982), born John Allan Cecil Wright, was a British Royal Air Force officer and Conservative Party politician.	John Allan Cecil Cecil-Wright	Conservative Party
member of political party	Andrew Pakes (born 24 April 1973 as Andrew Stone) is a British Labour Party politician, and a former President of the National Union of Students (NUS).	Andrew Pakes	Labour Party
member of political party	Jan-Henrik Fredriksen (born 2 October 1956 in Kragerø, Telemark) is a Norwegian politician representing the Progress Party (FRP).	Jan-Henrik Fredriksen	Progress Party
member of political party	Gwede Mantashe (born 21 June 1955, Cala) is a South African politician, who currently serves as the Secretary General of the African National Congress.	Gwede Mantashe	African National Congress
member of political party	Thomas Dunn English (June 29, 1819 -- April 1, 1902) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey who represented the state's 6th congressional district in the House of Representatives from 1891 to 1895.	Thomas Dunn English	Democratic Party
member of political party	Deirdre Clune (née Barry; born 1 June 1959) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the South constituency since May 2014.	Deirdre Clune	Fine Gael
member of political party	Betty Chew Gek Cheng (Chinese: 周玉清; pinyin: Zhōu Yùqīng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chiu Ge̍k-chheng; born 15 August 1964) is a Malaysian Chinese politician from the Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Betty Chew	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Misha'an al-Juburi is an Iraqi politician from the Sunni Arab community, and member of Al-Arabiya Coalition He also was the led of Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc, which held three seats in the Iraqi Council of Representatives from 2005-2010.	Misha'an al-Juburi	Reconciliation and Liberation Bloc
member of political party	Cory Mason is a Democratic Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, representing the 62nd Assembly District since his election in 2006.	Cory Mason	Democratic Party
member of political party	Carl Vincent Krogmann (3 March 1889 in Hamburg -- 14 March 1978 in Hamburg) was a German banker, industrialist and Nazi Party politician.	Carl Vincent Krogmann	Nazi Party
member of political party	In 1954 Brunolf Baade relocated back to East Germany and joined the country's ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands).	Brunolf Baade	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	Hannah Yeoh Tseow Suan (simplified Chinese: 杨巧双; traditional Chinese: 楊巧雙; pinyin: Yáng Qiǎo Shuāng; born 9 January 1979) is the current Speaker and a member of the Selangor State Assembly from the Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Hannah Yeoh	Democratic Action Party
member of political party	Christopher Laurie Malthouse (born 27 October 1966), known as Kit Malthouse, is an English Conservative Party politician, businessman and occasional writer.	Kit Malthouse	Conservative Party
member of political party	Rathika Sitsabaiesan (Tamil: இராதிகா சிற்சபை ஈசன்; born December 23, 1981) is a Canadian community activist, politician and former New Democratic Party Member of Parliament.	Rathika Sitsabaiesan	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Ľubomír Galko (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈʎubomiːr ˈɡalko); born February 14, 1968, Klieština, Považská Bystrica) is a former minister of defense of Slovakia; he is member of the party Freedom and Solidarity (Sloboda a Solidarita, SaS) and its vice-chairman for regions.	Ľubomír Galko	Freedom and Solidarity
member of political party	Erdeniin Bat-Üül (Mongolian: Эрдэнийн Бат-Үүл, born 1 July 1957) is a prominent Mongolian politician from the Democratic Party and the Mayor of Ulaanbaatar City and the Governor of the Capital City.	Erdeniin Bat-Üül	Democratic Party
member of political party	Giorgos Koumoutsakos (born 17 September 1961, Athens) is a Greek politician with the conservative New Democracy party, and a member of the European parliament.	Giorgos Koumoutsakos	New Democracy
member of political party	Samuel George Smith (5 June 1822 -- 6 July 1900) was an English banker and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1859 to 1880.	Samuel George Smith	Conservative Party
member of political party	George Yule (1829 in Stonehaven -- 1892) was a Scottish merchant in England and India who served as the fourth President of the Indian National Congress in 1888 at Allahabad, the first non-Indian to hold that office.	George Yule	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Barry Pullen has been a member of the Australian Labor Party since 1968, and a member of the Socialist Left faction.	Barry Pullen	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Dato' Haji Wan Abdul Rahim Wan Abdullah (born 24 February 1952) known popularly as Cikgu Rahim, is a Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) politician.	Wan Abdul Rahim Wan Abdullah	Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party
member of political party	Suresh Chandra Deb (born May 1894, date of death unknown) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress.	Suresh Chandra Deb	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Philip Hugh Dalbiac, CB (1855 -- 28 April 1927) was a British army officer, publisher, author and Conservative Party politician.	Philip Hugh Dalbiac	Conservative Party
member of political party	John Heppell (born 3 November 1948) is a former British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham East from 1992 until he stepped down at the 2010 general election.	John Heppell	Labour Party
member of political party	Mahipal Maderna is an Indian politician from Rajasthan past member of Indian National Congress.	Mahipal Maderna	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Nalakath Soopy (born 15 August 1946) is a prominent leader of Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) and former Minister of Kerala.	Nalakath Soopy	Indian Union Muslim League
member of political party	Laura Itzel Castillo Juárez (born 16 November 1957) is a Mexican architect and politician from the Labor Party.	Laura Itzel Castillo	Labor Party
member of political party	Khaled Mashal (Arabic: خالد مشعل‎ Khālid Mashʿal, Levantine Arabic: (xaːled meʃʕal), born 28 May 1956) is a Palestinian political leader and the leader of the Islamic Palestinian organization Hamas since the Israeli assassination of Abdel Aziz al-Rantisi in 2004.	Khaled Mashal	Hamas
member of political party	Maria Leissner (born 21 January 1956, Gothenburg) is a Swedish politician and former party leader of the Swedish Liberal People's Party (1995--97).	Maria Leissner	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	Robert William Elliott, Baron Elliott of Morpeth (11 December 1920 -- 20 May 2011), known as William Elliott, was a British Conservative Party politician.	William Elliott, Baron Elliott of Morpeth	Conservative Party
member of political party	Stephanie Cholensky is an American democratic socialist politician, feminist, and co-chair of the Socialist Party USA.	Stephanie Cholensky	Socialist Party USA
member of political party	Ellis William Davies (12 April 1871 -- 29 April 1939) was a Welsh Liberal Party and later, briefly, Labour Party and Liberal National politician and lawyer.	Ellis William Davies	Labour Party
member of political party	Born in Fuyu, Jilin in 1927, Bi Hao joined the Northeast People's Autonomous Army in 1945, and two years later he joined the Communist Party of China.	Bi Hao	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Phil Prendergast (née Foley; born 20 September 1959) is an Irish former Labour Party politician.	Phil Prendergast	Labour Party
member of political party	Josef Bucher (born 19 August 1965 in Friesach) is an Austrian politician and former leader of the Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZÖ) as well as former Member of Parliament for the party.	Josef Bucher	Alliance for the Future of Austria
member of political party	Leszek Samborski (born 19 May 1955 in Dębica) - is a Polish politician, formerly a member of Real Politics Union and now Civic Platform and Sejm deputy (June 2004 - 2005).	Leszek Samborski	Civic Platform
member of political party	Mons Espelid (22 April 1926 -- 16 March 2009) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and dentist.	Mons Espelid	Liberal Party
member of political party	Wu Yuliang (Chinese: 吴玉良; born April 1952) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2011 as Deputy Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI), the leading anti-graft body of the Communist Party of China.	Wu Yuliang	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Rosemarie Myrdal (born May 20, 1929 in Minot, North Dakota) is a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the second female, and 35th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1993 to 2001 under Governor of North Dakota Ed Schafer in 1992.	Rosemarie Myrdal	Republican Party
member of political party	Alok Sharma (born 7 September 1967) is an Indian-born British politician with the Conservative Party in the United Kingdom.	Alok Sharma	Conservative Party
member of political party	Marc MacSharry (born 12 July 1973) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and a member of Seanad Éireann since September 2002.	Marc MacSharry	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	At the 6th United Russia party convention held on December 2, 2006, Sergey Chemezov was elected to the party's Supreme Council.	Sergey Chemezov	United Russia
member of political party	Hendrick Schmidt is a South African politician, a Member of Parliament with the Democratic Alliance, and the Shadow Deputy Minister of Mining.	Hendrick Schmidt	Democratic Alliance
member of political party	Tamilisai Soundararajan is a member of Bharatiya Janata Party in India.	Tamilisai Soundararajan	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Thomas Macpherson, 1st Baron Macpherson of Drumochter (9 July 1888 -- 11 June 1965), was a Scottish businessman, and Labour Party politician.	Thomas Macpherson, 1st Baron Macpherson of Drumochter	Labour Party
member of political party	Gaston Gibéryen (born 29 June 1950, in Born) is a Luxembourgish politician for the Alternative Democratic Reform Party (ADR) and trade unionist.	Gaston Gibéryen	Alternative Democratic Reform Party
member of political party	Anis Birou (Arabic: أنيس بيرو‎ -- born 10 January 1962, Berkane) is a Moroccan politician of the National Rally of Independents.	Anis Birou	National Rally of Independents
member of political party	Sabitri Mitra is an Indian politician, belonging to the All India Trinamool Congress, and the present Minister without portfolio.	Sabitri Mitra	All India Trinamool Congress
member of political party	Manuel Cepeda Vargas (13 April 1930 -- 9 August 1994) was a lawyer and Senator of Colombia, gunned down in Bogotá on 9 August 1994 as part of a bloody repression of the Patriotic Union.	Manuel Cepeda Vargas	Patriotic Union
member of political party	Colonel Theophilus John Levett (11 December 1829 -- 27 February 1899) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom, who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Lichfield from 1880 to 1885.	Theophilus John Levett	Conservative Party
member of political party	Erland Asdahl (6 April 1921, Nes -- 19 July 1988) was a Norwegian and politician for the Centre Party.	Erland Asdahl	Centre Party
member of political party	Govindrao Adik, was a close associate of Sharad Pawar before Pawar split from the Indian National Congress (INC) to form his independent base, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).	Govindrao Adik	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Sir Albert Lambert Ward, 1st Baronet, CVO, DSO, TD (7 November 1875 -- 21 October 1956) was a volunteer soldier in the Territorial Army and a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Lambert Ward	Conservative Party
member of political party	Drastamat Kanayan (Armenian: Դրաստամատ Կանայեան; 31 May 1884 -- 8 March 1956), better known as Dro (Դրօ), was an Armenian military commander and politician, a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.	Drastamat Kanayan	Armenian Revolutionary Federation
member of political party	Shankarrao Gadakh ( आमदार शंकरराव गडाख ) popularly known as ``Aamdar Saheb'' (born May 29, 1970 in the village of Sonai, Maharashtra, India) is an elected member of the Nationalist Congress Party - NCP in the Maharashtra State Assembly.	Shankarrao Gadakh	Nationalist Congress Party
member of political party	Otto Telschow (27 February 1876, Wittenberge, Brandenburg - 31 May 1945), a German Nazi Party official, was born in Wittenberge and became a police official in Hamburg.	Otto Telschow	Nazi Party
member of political party	Arthur Henderson, Baron Rowley, PC (27 August 1893 -- 28 August 1968) was a British Labour Party politician.	Arthur Henderson, Baron Rowley	Labour Party
member of political party	Harry Gosling CH (9 June 1861 -- 24 October 1930) was a British Labour Party politician and trade union leader.	Harry Gosling	Labour Party
member of political party	Faisal Raza Abidi (Urdu: فیصل رضاعابدی ‎) is a Pakistani political figure and a former senator representing the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) for Sindh Province, from March 2009 to January 2013.	Faisal Raza Abidi	Pakistan Peoples Party
member of political party	Don Davies MP (born January 16, 1963) is a Canadian Member of Parliament for the New Democratic Party, representing the riding of Vancouver Kingsway since his election in the 2008 federal election.	Don Davies	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Anita Singh Gurjar is an Indian politician and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Anita Singh Gurjar	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Karl von Wogau is a member of the German conservative party Christian Democratic Union and the European People's Party.	Karl von Wogau	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Karl Holluba (born August 27, 1944) is a German political figure and the treasurer of the The Left Party.	Karl Holluba	The Left
member of political party	Jitendra Prasada (12 November 1938 &ndajitehdrash; 16 January 2001) was an Indian politician and a former Vice-President of the Indian National Congress.	Jitendra Prasada	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Wilhelm Dreher (10 January 1892 in Ay an der Iller, Neu-Ulm district -- 19 November 1969 in Senden) was a German politician with the Nazi Party.	Wilhelm Dreher	Nazi Party
member of political party	Anxo Manuel Quintana González, commonly known as Anxo Quintana, is the former leader of the Galician Nationalist Bloc (Bloque Nacionalista Galego, BNG), the main nationalist party in Galicia.	Anxo Quintana	Galician Nationalist Bloc
member of political party	Pastor Humberto Lay Sun (born 25 September 1934 in Lima) is a Peruvian evangelical minister of the Iglesia Biblica Emmanuel, an architect, and a politician (National Restoration Party).	Humberto Lay	National Restoration
member of political party	John Runk (July 3, 1791 -- September 22, 1872) was an American Whig Party politician, who represented New Jersey's 3rd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1845-1847.	John Runk	Whig Party
member of political party	Through Pearl Carter Pace's activism in the Republican Party, she became a tireless supporter and friend of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower.	Pearl Carter Pace	Republican Party
member of political party	Eva Flyborg (born 1963) is a Swedish Liberal People's Party politician, and has been a member of the Parliament of Sweden since 1994.	Eva Flyborg	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	Josef Zisyadis (born 17 April 1956) is a Swiss politician, a member of the Swiss Party of Labour, and of the Alternative Left (since 2010).	Josef Zisyadis	Swiss Party of Labour
member of political party	Austin H. Patterson was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served on the Howell Township Committee, the Monmouth County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders and the New Jersey State Assembly.	Austin H. Patterson	Democratic Party
member of political party	Helge Ole Bergesen (29 September 1949 -- 29 June 2015) was a Norwegian political scientist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Helge Ole Bergesen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Huang Chao-shun (Chinese: 黃昭順; pinyin: Huáng Zhāoshùn; Wade--Giles: Huang Chao-shun) is a member of the Kuomintang (KMT) who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.	Huang Chao-shun	Kuomintang
member of political party	Ahmet Kurtcebe Alptemoçin (born 27 January 1940 in Bursa) is a Turkish mechanical engineer, industrialist and politician belonging to the Motherland Party.	Ahmet Kurtcebe Alptemoçin	Motherland Party
member of political party	Egil Werner Erichsen (4 October 1901 -- 3 March 2000) was a Norwegian corporate director and politician for the Conservative Party.	Egil Werner Erichsen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Kashiram Rana (7 April 1938 -- 31 August 2012) was an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of India.	Kashiram Rana	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Andreas Salcher (born 18 December 1960 in Vienna) is a former Austrian politician of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP), co-founder of the Sir Karl Popper School, consultant and author.	Andreas Salcher	Austrian People's Party
member of sports team	Mohamed Larbi (born 9 February 1987), is a Tunisian professional footballer playing for Gazélec Ajaccio in France as a midfielder.	Mohamed Larbi	Gazélec Ajaccio
member of sports team	Steve Kindel (born February 25, 1977 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Surrey United Firefighters.	Steve Kindel	Surrey United Firefighters
member of sports team	On the basis of his strong performance in Australia in 2008, Ishant Sharma was bought for a winning bid of $950,000 by Kolkata Knight Riders in the player auction for the Indian Premier League.	Ishant Sharma	Kolkata Knight Riders
member of sports team	Ian Prendergast (born 2 September 1980) is an Australian rules footballer who played senior professional football with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League, and currently serves as the Chief Executive of the Rugby League Professionals Association.	Ian Prendergast	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Norbert Tóth (born 11 August 1976) is a Hungarian football player who is currently playing for TJ OFC Gabčíkovo.	Norbert Tóth	TJ OFC Gabčíkovo
member of sports team	Conor Elliott (born October 10, 1988 in London, Ontario) was a Canadian football long snapper and linebacker for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Conor Elliott	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Manuel Parera Penella (7 October 1907 - 12 April 1975) was a Spanish footballer who played for FC Barcelona during the 1920s and 1930s.	Manuel Parera	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Yoon Ki-won (20 May 1987 -- 6 May 2011) was a South Korean football Goalkeeper, who played for Incheon United FC in the K-League.	Yoon Ki-won	Incheon United FC
member of sports team	Gilles Fabien (born September 27, 1978 in Cayenne) is a French Guianan footballer, who is currently playing for Angoulême CFC in Division Honneur (6th division).	Gilles Fabien	Angoulême CFC
member of sports team	'Antonius Wilhelmus Verlegh (29 March 1896 -- 12 March 1960), known as Antoon Verlegh and Rat Verlegh was a Dutch football player and administrator who is best known for his association with NAC Breda, whose Rat Verlegh Stadion is named in his honour.	Antoon Verlegh	NAC Breda
member of sports team	Viking Stjärnfeldt was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder for Malmö FF from 1931 to 1936.	Viking Stjärnfeldt	Malmö FF
member of sports team	Niko Snellman (born March 12, 1988) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Jokipojat in the Finnish Mestis.	Niko Snellman	Jokipojat
member of sports team	Hannu Patronen (born 23 May 1984 in Järvenpää) is a Finnish footballer who plays as a central defender for Norwegian side Sogndal Fotball.	Hannu Patronen	Sogndal Fotball
member of sports team	Jerome Flaake (born March 2, 1990 in Guben) is a German professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (German Ice Hockey League).	Jerome Flaake	Hamburg Freezers
member of sports team	Ryan Ready (born November 7, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Philadelphia Flyers.	Ryan Ready	Philadelphia Flyers
member of sports team	Maksym Zaderaka (Ukrainian: Максим Сергійович Задерака; born 7 September 1994 in Oleksandriia, Kirovohrad Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who last plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Maksym Zaderaka	FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
member of sports team	Nicholas Gotfredsen (born 5 February 1989) is a Danish footballer who plays as a Defender for FC Fredericia, on loan from Viborg FF.	Nicholas Gotfredsen	FC Fredericia
member of sports team	Chris van der Weerden (born 15-11-1972) is a Dutch football assistant manager and former player, currently working for PSV Eindhoven.	Chris van der Weerden	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	John Veldman started his professional career for PSV Eindhoven, and then moved on to Willem II, Sparta Rotterdam, AFC Ajax, Vitesse and RBC Roosendaal.	John Veldman	PSV Eindhoven	Willem II	Sparta Rotterdam	Vitesse	RBC Roosendaal
member of sports team	Robby Sandrock (born March 10, 1978) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Belfast Giants in the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Robby Sandrock	Belfast Giants
member of sports team	Alexis Saddler (born 5 January 1980 in Saint Kitts and Nevis) is an Kittian international footballer playing as a forward for Newtown United FC.	Alexis Saddler	Newtown United FC
member of sports team	Szymon Skrzypczak is a Polish footballer who plays as a centre forward for Górnik Zabrze.	Szymon Skrzypczak	Górnik Zabrze
member of sports team	After Tenerife's 1999 relegation Juanele joined Real Zaragoza, helping the Aragonese to two Copa del Rey trophies in the early 2000s, even though he was already a fringe player in the second conquest.	Juanele	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Jorge González Prado (born 23 May 1995) is a Colombian footballer who plays for S.C. Olhanense as a Striker.	Jorge González Prado	S.C. Olhanense
member of sports team	Christoffer Norgren (born July 2, 1974) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player who last played in the Örebro HK team in Swedish Hockey League.	Christoffer Norgren	Örebro HK
member of sports team	Edin Ademović (born October 2, 1987 in Belgrade, Serbia) is a Serbian footballer who last played for FK Vardar.	Edin Ademović	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Albert Bittlmayer (8 November 1952 -- 2 June 1977) was a German footballer who made a combined total of 142 league appearances for 1. FC Nürnberg and Tennis Borussia Berlin until he died of cancer at the age of 24.	Albert Bittlmayer	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	Troy Mellanson (born 22 December 1981) is an Antiguan and Barbudan footballer, who currently plays for Kalamazoo Outrage in the USL Premier Development League.	Troy Mellanson	Kalamazoo Outrage
member of sports team	Park Sun-ju (Hangul: 박선주; born 26 March 1993) is a South Korean footballer who plays as full back for Pohang Steelers in K League Classic.	Park Sun-ju	Pohang Steelers
member of sports team	Andres Ambühl (born 14 September 1983) is a Swiss professional ice hockey forward currently playing as Captain of HC Davos of the Swiss National League A (NLA).	Andres Ambühl	HC Davos
member of sports team	Marc Dos Santos (born May 30, 1977) is a Canadian soccer manager who is currently the manager of Swope Park Rangers of the United Soccer League, an affiliate of Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer.	Marc Dos Santos	Sporting Kansas City
member of sports team	Norm Rauhaus (born 1936) is an award winning and Grey Cup champion safety and flanker who played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1956 to 1967.	Norm Rauhaus	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Merv Collins (born c. 1934) was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ottawa Rough Riders and Edmonton Eskimos.	Merv Collins	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Wilson Heredia (born March 30, 1972 in La Romana, La Romana, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played two seasons with the Texas Rangers.	Wilson Heredia	Texas Rangers
member of sports team	Timo Letschert (born 25 May 1993) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Timo Letschert	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Joe Craig McMurtry (born November 5, 1959 in Troy, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Atlanta Braves (1983--86), Texas Rangers (1988--90) and Houston Astros (1995).	Craig McMurtry	Atlanta Braves	Texas Rangers	Houston Astros
member of sports team	Marc Herbert (born 7 January 1987) is a Rugby League player who is now unattached after being released by the Bradford Bulls at the end of the 2011 season.	Marc Herbert	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Tyson Farago (born May 1, 1991) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for FC Edmonton, as a goalkeeper.	Tyson Farago	FC Edmonton
member of sports team	Sigurd Wathne (12 February 1898 -- 26 March 1942) was a Norwegian football goalkeeper, playing for the club SK Brann.	Sigurd Wathne	SK Brann
member of sports team	Hasim Đoković (Cyrillic: Хасим Ђоковић, born 20 May 1974) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Dečić in Montenegrin First League.	Hasim Đoković	FK Dečić
member of sports team	Brad Tapper (born April 28, 1978) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Atlanta Thrashers over parts of three seasons.	Brad Tapper	Atlanta Thrashers
member of sports team	Wojciech Kaczmarek (born March 29, 1983 in Gostyń) is a Polish football goalkeeper who plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała.	Wojciech Kaczmarek	Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
member of sports team	Alceu previously played for Palmeiras and Náutico in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and had twice spend his career at Japanese side Kashiwa Reysol.	Alceu	Kashiwa Reysol
member of sports team	Juuso Antonen is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays for Lempäälän Kisa of the Mestis.	Juuso Antonen	Lempäälän Kisa
member of sports team	Ojokojo Torunarigha (born 12 March 1970) is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a Forward for German club Chemnitzer FC between 1991 and 1995.	Ojokojo Torunarigha	Chemnitzer FC
member of sports team	Justin Azevedo (born April 1, 1988) is a Canadian ice hockey player of Portuguese descent who plays for Ak Bars Kazan of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Justin Azevedo	Ak Bars Kazan
member of sports team	Patrick Wleh, also known as Patrick Ronaldinho, (born 17 July 1991) is a Liberian international footballer who currently plays as a striker for Selangor FA in the Malaysia Premier League.	Patrick Wleh	Selangor FA
member of sports team	Mohammad Hadi Mahdavikia is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Homa F.C. in the Azadegan League.	Hadi Mahdavikia	Homa F.C.
member of sports team	George Karamatic, Jr. (February 22, 1917 -- December 5, 2008) was an American football running back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.	George Karamatic	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Eddie Falloon (20 December 1903 -- 4 July 1963) was an Irish professional football defender who played for Crusaders, Aberdeen, Clyde and Larne.	Eddie Falloon	Crusaders
member of sports team	Jonathan Collins (born 14 March 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented the North Melbourne Football Club and the St Kilda Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Jonathan Collins	North Melbourne Football Club	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Cara Walls (born June 16, 1993) is an American professional soccer player, from Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, who currently plays forward for Chicago Red Stars.	Cara Walls	Chicago Red Stars
member of sports team	Darjan Matović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дарјан Матовић; born 12 October 1988) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper who plays for FK Proleter Teslić.	Darjan Matović	FK Proleter Teslić
member of sports team	Ruslan Mamutov (Ukrainian: Руслан Алімович Мамутов; born 19 August 1993 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who last played for FC Metalurh Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ruslan Mamutov	FC Metalurh Donetsk
member of sports team	Alen Maras (born 27 February 1982 in Bjelovar) is a Croatian football player, currently playing as defender for Druga HNL side NK Inter Zaprešić.	Alen Maras	NK Inter Zaprešić
member of sports team	George Iloka (born March 31, 1990) is an American football safety for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).	George Iloka	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Diogo Firmino da Silva Fernandes (born 14 November 1996 in Funchal, Madeira), known as Firmino, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. União as a forward.	Diogo Firmino	C.F. União
member of sports team	Balázs Borbély (born 2 October 1979) is a Slovakia international football midfielder who currently plays for TJ Družstevník Vrakúň.	Balázs Borbély	TJ Družstevník Vrakúň
member of sports team	Matt Wray is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Featherstone Rovers, and Hunslet Hawks, as a Wing.	Matt Wray	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats	Featherstone Rovers	Hunslet Hawks
member of sports team	Jakub Rondzik (born 22 November 1986) is a Slovak football goalkeeper, who currently plays for 1. FK Příbram.	Jakub Rondzik	1. FK Příbram
member of sports team	Yasmani Grandal (born November 8, 1988) is a Cuban-American professional baseball catcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball.	Yasmani Grandal	Los Angeles Dodgers
member of sports team	Kwame Sarkodie (born April 27, 1985) is an American professional soccer player, who currently plays for Cincinnati Kings Indoor Team.	Kwame Sarkodie	Cincinnati Kings Indoor Team
member of sports team	Vyacheslav Lukhtanov (Ukrainian: В'ячеслав Геннадійович Лухтанов; born 12 February 1995 in Lutuhyne, Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Vyacheslav Lukhtanov	FC Dynamo Kyiv
member of sports team	Carl Roaches (born October 2, 1953 in Houston, Texas) is a former American football wide receiver and kick returner in the NFL who played for the Houston Oilers (1980--1984) and New Orleans Saints (1985).	Carl Roaches	Houston Oilers	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Tyler Lyons split the 2012 season between the Cardinals Double-A affiliate Springfield Cardinals of the Texas League and Triple-A Memphis Redbirds of the Pacific Coast League (PCL).	Tyler Lyons	Memphis Redbirds
member of sports team	Rikkert Faneyte (born May 31, 1969 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) was a Major League Baseball player from 1993 to 1996 for the San Francisco Giants and Texas Rangers.	Rikkert Faneyte	San Francisco Giants	Texas Rangers
member of sports team	Dennis Diekmeier (born 20 October 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga.	Dennis Diekmeier	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Jewerl Thomas is a former professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the Los Angeles Rams, Kansas City Chiefs, and San Diego Chargers.	Jewerl Thomas	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Stojan Vranješ (Serbian Cyrillic: Стојан Врањеш; born 11 October 1986) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Polish club Legia Warsaw and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Stojan Vranješ	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Péter Kincses (born 23 May 1980) is a Hungarian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Vasas SC.	Péter Kincses	Vasas SC
member of sports team	Filip Arsenijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Арсенијевић, born 2 September 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays for FK Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Filip Arsenijević	FK Novi Pazar
member of sports team	Leif Pettersen (December 23, 1950 -- July 30, 2008) was a receiver who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Leif Pettersen	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Dalibor Řezníček (born August 25, 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing in the Czech Extraliga for the PSG Zlín.	Dalibor Řezníček	PSG Zlín
member of sports team	Hasan Hazime (born December 23, 1987 in Pickering, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Hasan Hazime	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Milton Darrell Osteen (born February 14, 1943) is an American former professional baseball player for the Cincinnati Reds and the Oakland Athletics from 1965 to 1970.	Darrell Osteen	Cincinnati Reds	Oakland Athletics
member of sports team	Ray Seals went from playing for the minor-league Syracuse Express of the Empire Football League to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1989.	Ray Seals	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Dmytro Lytvyn (Ukrainian: Дмитро Андрійович Литвин; born 21 November 1996 in Ukraine) is an Ukrainian football defender who plays for C.D. Aves in the Segunda Liga.	Dmytro Lytvyn	C.D. Aves
member of sports team	Jorge Delgado Fidalgo, commonly known as Ito (born 21 April 1992), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Barakaldo CF as a striker.	Jorge Delgado Fidalgo	Barakaldo CF
member of sports team	David Bergeron (born December 4, 1981) is an NFL linebacker who played with the Carolina Panthers.	David Bergeron	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Kenneth Jaliens (born 4 October 1957 in Paramaribo) is the current technical director of the Suriname national football team.	Kenneth Jaliens	Suriname national football team
member of sports team	Jack Hirst was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers.	Jack Hirst	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Nils Butzen (born 2 April 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for 1. FC Magdeburg in the German 3.	Nils Butzen	1. FC Magdeburg
member of sports team	José Pedro Marques de Freitas (born 10 December 1981 in Porto), commonly known as Zé Pedro, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for U.D. Oliveirense as a midfielder.	Zé Pedro	U.D. Oliveirense
member of sports team	Martin Steuble (born 9 June 1988) is a Filipino professional footballer who currently plays for United Football League club Ceres F.C. and the Philippines national football team.	Martin Steuble	Ceres F.C.
member of sports team	Chris Noakes (born 21 July 1985 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby union player who represents London Irish in the Aviva Premiership.	Chris Noakes	London Irish
member of sports team	Imanol Agirretxe Arruti (born 24 February 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a striker.	Imanol Agirretxe	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Kristoffer Tokstad (born 21 June 1990) is a Norwegian football midfielder, who currently plays for Sarpsborg 08 FF in Norway.	Kristoffer Tokstad	Sarpsborg 08 FF
member of sports team	Adilson dos Santos, shortly Adi or Adilson (born 12 May 1976 in Aracaju) is a former Brazilian footballer, who last played as a left-back for South Korean K League side FC Seoul.	Adilson dos Santos	FC Seoul
member of sports team	Saša Varga (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Варга; born 19 February 1993 in Liège) is a Serbian football striker who plays for FC Jumilla.	Saša Varga	FC Jumilla
member of sports team	Luke Livingston (born 4 November 1982) is an Australian rules footballer who played top-level football for the AFL's Carlton Football Club.	Luke Livingston	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Bruce Scholtz (born September 26, 1958 in La Grange, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Seattle Seahawks and one season for the New England Patriots.	Bruce Scholtz	Seattle Seahawks	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Luc Bélanger (born April 4, 1975) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with the Thetford Mines Isothermic in the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey.	Luc Bélanger	Thetford Mines Isothermic
member of sports team	Igor Łasicki (born 26 June 1995) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Maceratese, on loan from Serie A club Napoli.	Igor Łasicki	Napoli
member of sports team	Marco Bürki (born 10 July 1993) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays for FC Thun on loan from BSC Young Boys in the Swiss Super League.He made his debut during the 2011/12 season.	Marco Bürki	FC Thun
member of sports team	Jiří Lindr (born 7 August 1986) is a Czech football goalkeeper who currently plays for team FC Hradec Králové.	Jiří Lindr	FC Hradec Králové
member of sports team	Born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Catalonia, Xavi is a product of FC Barcelona's La Masia youth system, which he joined at the age of 11.	Xavi	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Born in Rio de Janeiro, Canário played for America Football Club (RJ) in his country.	Canário	America Football Club
member of sports team	Abdulkader Mjarmesh (Arabic: عبد القادر مجرمش‎; born 25 June 1988) is a Syrian footballer who plays for Salalah SC in Oman First Division League.	Abdulkader Mjarmesh	Salalah SC
member of sports team	Dave Bulthuis (born 28 June 1990 in Purmerend) is a Dutch football player who plays as a left back for 1. FC Nürnberg in the 2.	Dave Bulthuis	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	A youth product of América-MG, Jajá Coelho arrived in Europe to sign for Dutch club Feyenoord in November 2004, but signed a loan deal with Westerlo immediately after his arrival to Rotterdam.	Jajá	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Víctor Cordero Flores (born November 9, 1973) is a retired Costa Rican football player, who has played for Deportivo Saprissa of the Costa Rican first division.	Víctor Cordero	Deportivo Saprissa
member of sports team	Sebastian Ramhorn (born 3 May 1996) is a Swedish, of partly South Korean descent, footballer who plays for Kalmar FF as a defender.	Sebastian Ramhorn	Kalmar FF
member of sports team	Aidas Preikšaitis (born 15 July 1970 in Akmenė) is a retired Lithuanian professional football midfielder who last played for Lithuanian top division A Lyga club FK Vėtra.	Aidas Preikšaitis	FK Vėtra
member of sports team	Xhulian Rrudho (pronounced (ˈdʒuljan ˈruðɔ); born 9 September 1987 in Lushnjë) is an Albanian footballer currently playing for KF Tirana.	Xhulian Rrudho	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Attila Tököli (born 14 May 1976 in Pécs) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Paksi SE in the Hungarian first division.	Attila Tököli	Paksi SE
member of sports team	Born in England, Louis Brain moved to Australia at the age of nine, and played junior football with the Modbury Jets and Salisbury East in Adelaide.	Louis Brain	Modbury Jets
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Olave (born 21 February 1976) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Club Atlético Belgrano as a goalkeeper.	Juan Carlos Olave	Club Atlético Belgrano
member of sports team	Ricardo McDonald (born November 8, 1969) is a former linebacker in the National Football League that played for the Cincinnati Bengals, Chicago Bears, and the Denver Broncos.	Ricardo McDonald	Cincinnati Bengals	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Lamar Herron (born October 27, 1984 in Alameda, California) is a former professional Canadian football defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Lamar Herron	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Birama Ndoye (born 27 March 1994) is a Senegalese footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Sion in the Swiss Super League.	Birama Ndoye	FC Sion
member of sports team	Oskar Rönningberg (born 2 April 1986) is a retired Swedish football player, who recently represented Helsingborgs IF.	Oskar Rönningberg	Helsingborgs IF
member of sports team	Marcell Dareus (born March 13, 1990), is an American football defensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL).	Marcell Dareus	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Vinicius Frasson (born August 31, 1984 in São Miguel do Oeste), is an Italian Brazilian footballer, he is currently playing for MYPA, in Veikkausliiga.	Vinicius Frasson	MYPA
member of sports team	Tesfaye Tafese (Amharic: ጠስፋየ ጣፈሰ?, born 10 June 1986) is an Ethiopian footballer currently playing for Al-Tilal SC in the Yemeni League.	Tesfaye Tafese	Al-Tilal SC
member of sports team	Rich Braham (born November 6, 1970) is a former National Football League center who played for the Cincinnati Bengals.	Rich Braham	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Mohd Badrul Azam Mohd Zamri is a Malaysian professional football player who is currently unattached, having recently played for Perak FA in the Malaysian Super League as a midfielder.	Mohd Badrul Azam Mohd Zamri	Perak FA
member of sports team	Łukasz Piątek (born September 21, 1985 in Warsaw) is a Polish footballer, who plays for Zagłębie Lubin as a midfielder.	Łukasz Piątek	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Emran Ramadani (Macedonian: Емран Рамадани, born 29 January 1992) is a Macedonian footballer playing with FK Renova in the Macedonian First League.	Emran Ramadani	FK Renova
member of sports team	Iñigo Martínez Berridi (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈiɲiɣo marˈtineð βeˈriði); born 17 May 1991) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Sociedad mainly as a central defender.	Iñigo Martínez	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Alpaslan Öztürk (born 16 July 1993) is a footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor, on loan from Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège.	Alpaslan Öztürk	Eskişehirspor	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Sara Penzo (born 16 December 1989) is an Italian football goalkeeper who plays for women's Serie A club UPC Tavagnacco and the Italy women's national football team.	Sara Penzo	UPC Tavagnacco
member of sports team	Daniel Osei Boateng (born 19 May 1981 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football player who, is playing for Liberty Professionals F.C..	Osei Boateng	Liberty Professionals F.C.
member of sports team	Lauriane Rougeau (born April 12, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey player in her second stint with the CWHL's Montreal Stars.	Lauriane Rougeau	Montreal Stars
member of sports team	Stoyan Abrashev (Bulgarian: Стоян Абрашев) (born 12 January 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently (as of June 2010) playing for FC Sportist Svoge as a midfielder.	Stoyan Abrashev	FC Sportist Svoge
member of sports team	Loris Brogno (born 18 September 1992) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam as a forward.	Loris Brogno	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Rubén Sánchez García (born 21 January 1989) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Compostela as a winger.	Rubén Sánchez García	SD Compostela
member of sports team	Juan Ignacio Carrera (born 10 May 1981 in Pergamino, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for San Martín de Tucumán.	Juan Ignacio Carrera	San Martín de Tucumán
member of sports team	Pambos Pittas (born July 26, 1966) is a former international Cypriot football defender and former captain of Cyprus national football team and Apollon Limassol.	Pambos Pittas	Apollon Limassol
member of sports team	Luke McCullough (born 15 February 1994) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a centre-back for Doncaster Rovers in the Football League Championship and for Northern Ireland national under-21s.	Luke McCullough	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Veljko Simić (born 17 February 1995) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for FC Schaffhausen on loan from FC Basel.	Veljko Simić	FC Schaffhausen
member of sports team	Féthi Harek (Arabic: فتحي حارك‎; born October 21, 1982) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique.	Féthi Harek	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Lance Chomyc (born 1963 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a former placekicker from 1985 to 1993 for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Lance Chomyc	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Oswaldo Alanís Pantoja (born March 18, 1989 in Morelia, Michoacán, México) is a Mexican football defender who plays for as a Center Back for C.D. Guadalajara in the Liga Bancomer MX.	Oswaldo Alanís	C.D. Guadalajara
member of sports team	Bojan Neziri (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Незири, born 26 February 1982) is a Serbian football defender who last played for FK Inđija in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Bojan Neziri	FK Inđija
member of sports team	Bryan Harkin (born October 29, 1980 in Derry) is a Northern Irish soccer player who currently plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Second Division.	Bryan Harkin	Crystal Palace Baltimore
member of sports team	Franklin April (18 April 1984 -- 18 October 2015) was a Namibian football defender who played for FC Civics and the Namibia national football team.	Franklin April	Namibia national football team
member of sports team	Rui Daniel Morais Gomes (27 March 1987 in Sandim, Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto District) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Boavista F.C. as an attacking midfielder.	Rui Daniel Morais Gomes	Boavista F.C.
member of sports team	Jermaine Hardy (born March 20, 1982) is a former American football defensive back for the NFL's Carolina Panthers.	Jermaine Hardy	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Adam Ashe (born 24 July 1993 in Glasgow) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Glasgow Warriors at the number 8 position, but can also play in either of the flanker positions.	Adam Ashe	Glasgow Warriors
member of sports team	Gediminas Maceina (born 28 August 1984) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who last played for BC Prienai basketball team.	Gediminas Maceina	BC Prienai
member of sports team	Valtteri Virkkunen (born February 18, 1991) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for SaiPa in the Finnish Liiga.	Valtteri Virkkunen	SaiPa
member of sports team	Rodi Ferreira (born 29 May 1998) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a right back for Club Olimpia.	Rodi Ferreira	Club Olimpia
member of sports team	Marc Koot (born 23 November 1990 in Uden) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Helmond Sport in the Dutch Eerste Divisie He formerly played for FC Oss.	Marc Koot	Helmond Sport	FC Oss
member of sports team	William Barry Holmes (1928--1949) was a rugby union player who played for the England national rugby union team and the Argentina national rugby union team.	Barry Holmes	England national rugby union team
member of sports team	Kyle Wachholtz (born May 17, 1972 in Norco, California) was a 7th round pick by the Green Bay Packers in the 1996 NFL Draft.	Kyle Wachholtz	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Jakob Glerup Nielsen (born April 20, 1975) is a former Danish football midfielder, who played for Viborg FF his entire career.	Jakob Glerup	Viborg FF
member of sports team	Jeff Zatkoff (born June 9, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League.	Jeff Zatkoff	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Samir Zazou (born March 24, 1980 in Sidi Bel Abbès) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing as a defender for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Samir Zazou	ASO Chlef
member of sports team	Gyula Zsengellér (Cegléd, 27 December 1915 -- Nicosia, 29 March 1999) was a Hungarian footballer and a legend of Újpest FC, most famous for his part in taking the Hungarian national team to the 1938 World Cup Final.	Gyula Zsengellér	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Graeme Johns is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Swinton, Salford and Blackpool Borough.	Graeme Johns	Blackpool Borough
member of sports team	Yoon Kyung-shin played for the German club VfL Gummersbach from 1996 to 2006, and for HSV Hamburg during the 2006--07 season.	Yoon Kyung-shin	VfL Gummersbach
member of sports team	Alvis Joe Robb (March 15, 1937 -- April 18, 1987) was an American football defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Cardinals, and the Detroit Lions.	Joe Robb	Philadelphia Eagles	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Julien Berthomier (born 10 April 1990 in Grasse) is a French football defender who plays for Boussu Dour Borinage in the Belgian Second Division.	Julien Berthomier	Boussu Dour Borinage
member of sports team	Aleksandar Ristevski (Macedonian: Александар Ристевски) (born 21 August 1989) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Pelister in the Macedonian Second League.	Aleksandar Ristevski	FK Pelister
member of sports team	Clarence Ellis (born February 11, 1950) is a former American football safety with the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League (NFL).	Clarence Ellis	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Mateusz Prus (Polish pronunciation: (maˈtɛuʂ ˈprus); born March 9, 1990 in Zamość) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper in Chrobry Głogów.	Mateusz Prus	Chrobry Głogów
member of sports team	Emmanuel Arceneaux (born September 17, 1987) is an American professional Canadian football wide receiver who is currently a member of the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Emmanuel Arceneaux	BC Lions
member of sports team	David Bascome started his First Division soccer career at the age of 16 with North Village Rams in Bermuda.	David Bascome	North Village Rams
member of sports team	Oleksiy Omel'chenko (born 20 June 1989 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv.	Oleksiy Omel'chenko	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Dominic Ball (born 2 August 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays for Scottish Championship club Rangers on loan from Tottenham Hotspur.	Dominic Ball	Rangers
member of sports team	Brent Pousson (born September 22, 1984) is an American football offensive tackle who currently plays for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.	Brent Pousson	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Abdullah Bin Salleh (Arabic: عبدالله بن صليح‎) (born 2 September 1948) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who played as a defender for Al-Nassr.	Abdullah Bin Salleh	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Darcy Lang (born 21 November 1995) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Darcy Lang	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Stefanos Papoutsogiannopoulos (Greek: Στέφανος Παπουτσογιαννόπουλος; born 10 August 1994) is a professional Greek footballer who is currently playing for Panetolikos F.C..	Stefanos Papoutsogiannopoulos	Panetolikos F.C.
member of sports team	Matt Sherry (born December 11, 1984 in Hinsdale, Illinois) is an American football tight end who has played for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League.	Matt Sherry	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Salvador Vázquez Ramos (born 8 May 1985) is a Mexican footballer, who plays midfielder for Cruz Azul Hidalgo, in Liga de Ascenso.	Salvador Vázquez	Cruz Azul Hidalgo
member of sports team	Alberto Guitián Ceballos (born 29 July 1990) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a central defender or a central midfielder.	Alberto Guitián	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Tomur Barnes (born September 8, 1970 in McNair, Texas) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers, Minnesota Vikings, and the Washington Redskins.	Tomur Barnes	Houston Oilers	Minnesota Vikings	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	István Szűcs (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈiʃtvaːn ˈsyːt͡ʃ); born 3 May 1985 in Debrecen, Hungary) is a Hungarian footballer currently plays for Debreceni VSC in the Hungarian Borsodi Liga.	István Szűcs	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Keasel Broome (born 18 September 1991) is a Barbadian international footballer who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.	Keasel Broome	New York Cosmos
member of sports team	Faisal Antar (Arabic:فيصل عنتر; born 20 December 1978) is a Lebanese retired footballer, who played as a defender during his entire career for Tadamon Sour, Tripoli SC, Nejmeh and Al-Mabarrah in the Lebanese Premier League.	Faisal Antar	Tadamon Sour
member of sports team	Ralph Knibbs was a professional rugby player for Bristol Rugby.	Ralph Knibbs	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Lebogang Phiri (born 9 November 1994) is a South African international footballer, currently playing for the Danish club Brøndby IF.	Lebogang Phiri	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Zbigniew Kwiatkowski (born 2 April 1985 in Mława) is a Polish handballer who plays for the Polish team Wisła Płock and the Polish national team.	Zbigniew Kwiatkowski	Wisła Płock
member of sports team	Jan Fadrný (born June 14, 1980) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for IHC Písek, a team in the third-tier 2.	Jan Fadrný	IHC Písek
member of sports team	Andrew Dimattina (born 9 November 1977) is a former Australian rules footballer who played primarily as a midfielder for Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Andrew Dimattina	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Ali Rabo (born 6 June 1986) is a Burkinabé international footballer who plays for Iraqi club Baghdad FC, as a midfielder.	Ali Rabo	Baghdad FC
member of sports team	Indra Putra Mahayuddin (born 2 September 1981) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Malaysia Super League side Kelantan FA and also a player in the Malaysia national team.	Indra Putra Mahayuddin	Kelantan FA
member of sports team	Jed Ortmeyer (born September 3, 1978) is an American former professional ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the New York Rangers, Nashville Predators, San Jose Sharks and Minnesota Wild.	Jed Ortmeyer	New York Rangers	Nashville Predators	San Jose Sharks	Minnesota Wild
member of sports team	Harry Feather was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Bradford F.C. (now Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.).	Harry Feather	Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
member of sports team	Demba Savage, (born June 17, 1988) is a Gambian footballer (midfielder) who plays for BK Häcken in the Swedish Allsvenskan.A right winger, who can also operate on the left wing or as a striker, he is mostly known for his blazing speed and dribbling skills.	Demba Savage	BK Häcken
member of sports team	Mladen Pralija (born 28 January 1959 in Šibenik) is a retired Croatian footballer who played for Hajduk Split, RNK Split, HNK Šibenik, Hamburger SV, Čelik Zenica, NK Pazinka and Toronto Croatia during his career.	Mladen Pralija	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Evan Taylor (born 25 January 1989 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for Waterhouse F.C..	Evan Taylor	Waterhouse F.C.
member of sports team	Khürelbaataryn Tsend-Ayuush (Mongolian: Хүрэлбаатарын Цэнд-Аюуш; born 22 February 1990) is a Mongolian footballer, who plays as a Midfielder for Khoromkhon in Mongolia.	Khürelbaataryn Tsend-Ayuush	Khoromkhon
member of sports team	Jim McShane (28 February 1871 -- 25 October 1946) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club.	Jim McShane	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Daniel Ciampini (born November 25, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing within the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Daniel Ciampini	Rockford IceHogs
member of sports team	Callum Phillips is a rugby league player for Workington Town in the Championship.	Callum Phillips	Workington Town
member of sports team	Bob Kohrs (born November 8, 1958) was a defensive back and linebacker in the NFL for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Bob Kohrs	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Tsvetelin Tonev (Bulgarian: Цветелин Тонев; born 3 January 1992 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for OJC Rosmalen in the Netherlands.	Tsvetelin Tonev	OJC Rosmalen
member of sports team	Yevhen Borovyk (Ukrainian: Євген Анатолійович Боровик; born 2 March 1985 in Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yevhen Borovyk	FC Chornomorets Odesa
member of sports team	Dovrat Bendel is an Israeli football striker currently playing in the Israeli First League for F.C. Kiryat Gat.	Dovrat Bendel	F.C. Kiryat Gat
member of sports team	Jonathan Kakou (born 18 December 1989) is a footballer who plays as a defender for AS Magenta.	Jonathan Kakou	AS Magenta
member of sports team	Audrius Kšanavičius (born 28 January 1977) is a footballer who plays for FBK Kaunas as a midfielder.	Audrius Kšanavičius	FBK Kaunas
member of sports team	Bergur Midjord (born 20 April 1985 in Tórshavn), Faroe Islands is a midfielder that plays for B36 Tórshavn.	Bergur Midjord	B36 Tórshavn
member of sports team	Rajinder Kumar (born 3 April 1993 in Chandigarh) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Bharat FC in the I-League.	Rajinder Kumar	Bharat FC
member of sports team	Kevin Penny is an English professional rugby league player for Warrington Wolves in the Super League.	Kevin Penny	Warrington Wolves
member of sports team	Eyðvør Klakstein (born 5 September 1995) is a Faroese football midfielder who currently plays for CD Marino in the second best football division in Spain.	Eyðvør Klakstein	CD Marino
member of sports team	Rabiu Ali (born 27 September 1980) is a Nigerian football midfielder who plays for Kano Pillars F.C..	Rabiu Ali	Kano Pillars
member of sports team	Andrei Aleksandrovich Aleksandrov (Russian: Андрей Александрович Александров; born 19 July 1995) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Chita.	Andrei Aleksandrov	FC Chita
member of sports team	Kyle Wood (born 18 June 1989) is a rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Doncaster, Sheffield Eagles, Huddersfield Giants, Castleford Tigers, Batley Bulldogs, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a scrum-half/halfback.	Kyle Wood	Sheffield Eagles	Huddersfield Giants	Castleford Tigers	Batley Bulldogs	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Elvijs Biezais (born July 30, 1991 in Riga, Soviet Union) is a Latvian ice hockey forward, currently playing for Dinamo Riga of Kontinental Hockey League.	Elvijs Biezais	Dinamo Riga
member of sports team	Troy Grosenick (born August 27, 1989) is an American ice hockey professional goaltender currently playing with the San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League (AHL), under contract with the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Troy Grosenick	San Jose Sharks
member of sports team	Ruben Gerardo Grighini (born 11 January 1987), commonly known as Ruben, is an Argentinian footballer who last played for Rovigo Calcio.	Ruben Gerardo Grighini	Rovigo Calcio
member of sports team	Simone Minelli (born 8 January 1997) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side ACF Fiorentina as midfielder.	Simone Minelli	ACF Fiorentina
member of sports team	Igor Jančevski (Macedonian and Serbian: Игор Јанчевски) (born 16 October 1974 in Zemun) is a Serbian-born Macedonian football defender who plays for NK Čelik Zenica in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Igor Jančevski	NK Čelik Zenica
member of sports team	Gentrit Citaku (born 25 February 1996) is a Swedish footballer of Albanian descent who plays for IFK Norrköping as a midfielder.	Gentrit Citaku	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Hugo Leonardo Silva Serejo or simply Léo Silva (born December 24, 1985 in São Luis, Brasil), is an association footballer who currently plays for Albirex Niigata.	Léo Silva	Albirex Niigata
member of sports team	Royce Lint (January 1, 1921 -- April 3, 2006) was a left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1954.	Royce Lint	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	Roy Gregory (born March 6, 1990) is an Antiguan footballer who currently plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division and the Antigua and Barbuda national team.	Roy Gregory	Antigua Barracuda FC
member of sports team	Ervis Koçi (born 13 November 1984 in Kukës) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Ervis Koçi	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Normand Aubin (born July 26, 1960 in St-Leonard, Quebec) is a former professional ice hockey centre who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1981 to 1983.	Normand Aubin	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Don Shields (September 19, 1914 - March 30, 1993) was an American college basketball player for the Temple Owls men's basketball team.	Don Shields	Temple Owls men's basketball
member of sports team	Fernando Casanova Aizpún (born 30 October 1988) in Santo Domingo is a Dominican international footballer who plays as a Midfielder and the actually team is a Bauger FC in the Dominican Republic First Division.	Fernando Casanova	Bauger FC
member of sports team	André Künzi (born January 10, 1967 in Zäziwil, Switzerland) is a former Swiss ice hockey player who played for EV Zug in the National League A. He also played for the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team at the 1988 and 1992 Olympics.	André Künzi	EV Zug
member of sports team	Andreas Falk (born February 27, 1983, in Huddinge, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently with Kölner Haie in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Andreas Falk	Kölner Haie
member of sports team	Ayman Ftayni (Arabic: ايمن فتيني; born 27 December 1994 in Riyadh) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al-Nassr.	Ayman Ftayni	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Donatas Slanina (born 23 April 1977) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player and current assistant coach for Pallacanestro Reggiana of the Italian Serie A.	Donatas Slanina	Pallacanestro Reggiana
member of sports team	Shafizan Hashim (born 2 September 1982 in Kuala Nerang, Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a defender for Kedah FA.	Shafizan Hashim	Kedah FA
member of sports team	Victor Backman is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for IK Oskarshamn of the HockeyAllsvenskan.	Victor Backman	IK Oskarshamn
member of sports team	Jakub Popielarz (born March 16, 1990 in Dukla) is a Polish footballer, who currently plays for Stal Stalowa Wola on loan from Lechia Gdańsk.	Jakub Popielarz	Stal Stalowa Wola
member of sports team	Budiman Yunus (born on August 5, 1972) is an Indonesian football head coach for Persib Bandung U-21.	Budiman Yunus	Persib Bandung
member of sports team	Everton Sena (born June 14, 1991 in Recife), is a Brazilian football defender who currently plays for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube.	Everton Sena	Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Luiz Paulo Hilário, most commonly known as Dodô (born 16 October 1987 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for the Azeri side Gabala FC.	Luiz Paulo Hilário	Gabala FC
member of sports team	Stjepan Vuleta (born 29 October 1993) is a Swiss professional footballer who is under contract with FC Wacker Innsbruck in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Stjepan Vuleta	FC Wacker Innsbruck
member of sports team	Rafael Porto (born February 8, 1979 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a former soccer player, and current technical coordinator of the Miami Dade FC in the NAL.	Rafael Porto	Miami Dade FC
member of sports team	Geoff Appleford (born 26 September 1977 in Dundee, South Africa) is a retired rugby union footballer who played for London Irish at centre, then ended his career with Northampton Saints, although because of injury he never played a competitive game for the club.	Geoff Appleford	London Irish	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Gabriel Donizete de Santana, or simply Gabriel (born September 8, 1987), is a Brazilian Midfielder who currently plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the Azadegan League.	Gabriel Donizete de Santana	Sanat Naft F.C.
member of sports team	Kamil Dankowski (born 22 July 1996) is a Polish professional footballer who currently plays as an midfielder for Śląsk Wrocław.	Kamil Dankowski	Śląsk Wrocław
member of sports team	Laurent Jans (born 5 August 1992) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for Belgian club Waasland-Beveren, as a right back.	Laurent Jans	Waasland-Beveren
member of sports team	Jeris McIntyre (born July 4, 1981 in Tampa, Florida) is a former American football wide receiver who was selected by the Kansas City Chiefs in the 6th round of the 2004 NFL Draft.	Jeris McIntyre	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Alexandru Gațcan (born 27 March 1984 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan international footballer who currently plays for FC Rostov and the Moldova national football team.	Alexandru Gațcan	FC Rostov
member of sports team	Jan Kosak (born 3 February 1992) is a Czech footballer midfielder, who currently plays for FC Vysočina Jihlava.	Jan Kosak	FC Vysočina Jihlava
member of sports team	Armando Lozano Sánchez (born 16 December 1984), known simply as Armando, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF as a central defender.	Armando Lozano	Elche CF
member of sports team	Miloš Žeravica (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилош Жеравица; born 22 Јuly 1988 in Zrenjanin) is a Serbian footballer who plays for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miloš Žeravica	HŠK Zrinjski Mostar
member of sports team	Dhaya Haroon is a football midfielder playing at Al-Nassr Club in Saudi Arabia.	Dhaya Haroon	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Shkodran Metaj (Serbo-Croat: Škodran Metaj) (born 5 February 1988 in Studenica, Peć, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Kosovar footballer of Albanian descent who currently plays for Flamurtari Vlorë in the Albanian Superliga.	Shkodran Metaj	Flamurtari Vlorë
member of sports team	Alex Dujshebaev (Russian: Алекс Дуйшебаев; born 17 December 1992) is a Spanish professional handball player who plays as a right back for RK Vardar and the Spanish national team.	Alex Dujshebaev	RK Vardar
member of sports team	Ruslani Mutoshvili (Russian: Руслани Мутошвили; born 20 September 1993 in Akhmeta, Georgia) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Terek-2 Grozny.	Ruslani Mutoshvili	FC Terek-2 Grozny
member of sports team	Samy Houri (born August 9, 1985 in Asnières-sur-Seine) is a French footballer currently playing for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club CS Constantine.	Samy Houri	CS Constantine
member of sports team	Zheng Haixia (simplified Chinese: 郑海霞; traditional Chinese: 鄭海霞; pinyin: Zhèng Hǎixiá; born March 7, 1967, in Zhecheng, Shangqiu, Henan) is a Chinese retired professional women's basketball player for the China women's national basketball team and the Women's National Basketball Association.	Zheng Haixia	China women's national basketball team
member of sports team	Zainizam Marjan (born on 11 May 1980) is a Malaysian footballer who was a midfielder for Sabah FA at Malaysia Premier League.	Zainizam Marjan	Sabah FA
member of sports team	Jean Agostinho da Silva (born 1 June 1988 in Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro), commonly known as Jean Carioca, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Jean Carioca	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Shaquille Dyer (born August 10, 1995) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL on loan from Arnett Gardens FC of the Red Stripe Premier League.	Shaquille Dyer	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	Ádám Kisznyér (born 10 February 1988) is a Hungarian footballer who played as a striker for Újpest FC until March 2009.	Ádám Kisznyér	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Vitomir Jelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Витомир Јелић; born January 21, 1982) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Serbian White Eagles FC of the Canadian Soccer League.	Vitomir Jelić	Serbian White Eagles FC
member of sports team	Damian Roßbach (born 27 February 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SV Sandhausen in the German 3.	Damian Roßbach	SV Sandhausen
member of sports team	Arnold Dwarika (born 23 February 1973 in Upper Santa Cruz, Trinidad) is a Trinidad and Tobago football player, who plays as a midfielder for North East Stars in the TT Pro League.	Arnold Dwarika	North East Stars
member of sports team	Miriam Forasté (born 1 March 1991) is a Spanish women's basketball player currently playing for Ros Casares Valencia in Euroleague Women and Spain's Liga Femenina.	Miriam Forasté	Ros Casares Valencia
member of sports team	Borislav Iliev (Bulgarian: Борислав Илиев) (born 18 February 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for FC Sportist Svoge as a defender.	Borislav Iliev	FC Sportist Svoge
member of sports team	Brandon Buck (born August 16, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Forward player who is currently playing for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Brandon Buck	ERC Ingolstadt
member of sports team	Artis Lazdiņš (born 3 May 1986 in Limbaži) is a Latvian footballer, currently playing for FK Jelgava in the Latvian Higher League.	Artis Lazdiņš	FK Jelgava
member of sports team	Vincenzo Santoruvo is an Italian professional footballer currently playing for Frosinone Calcio in Serie B in Italy.	Vincenzo Santoruvo	Frosinone Calcio
member of sports team	Chan Ming Kong started his senior football career in Hong Kong 08.	Chan Ming Kong	Hong Kong 08
member of sports team	Ihor Bykovskyi (Ukrainian: Ігор Ігорович Биковський; born 5 September 1996 in Mariupol, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine), is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Arsenal-Kyiv in the Ukrainian Second League.	Ihor Bykovskyi	FC Arsenal-Kyiv
member of sports team	The son of former Danish international Erik Nielsen (capped once), Kent Nielsen started his career in Erik's former club Brønshøj BK (in Copenhagen).	Kent Nielsen	Brønshøj BK
member of sports team	Michael Paterson (born 9 May 1985) is a rugby union player for the Sale Sharks in the Aviva Premiership.	Michael Paterson	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	João Tiago Serrão Garcês (born 7 March 1993 in Funchal, Madeira), commonly known as Jota, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional as a midfielder.	João Tiago Serrão Garcês	C.D. Nacional
member of sports team	David Paice (born 24 November 1983) is an English qualified rugby union footballer who plays at hooker for London Irish and has International honours for England.	David Paice	London Irish
member of sports team	Harjinder Singh (born 16 March 1970, in Punjab) is a former Indian footballer and coach who played and coached all his career for JCT FC in the I-League.	Harjinder Singh	JCT FC
member of sports team	Rubel Sarsour (Hebrew: רובל סרסור‎; born August 7, 1983) is an Arab-Israeli footballer currently playing for F.C. Kafr Qasim.	Rubel Sarsour	F.C. Kafr Qasim
member of sports team	Samu Manoa (born March 5, 1985 in Concord, California) is an American rugby union player who currently plays second row or back row for the RC Toulonnais.	Samu Manoa	RC Toulonnais
member of sports team	Roosevelt Potts (born January 8, 1971) is a former professional American football player who played fullback in the National Football League for five seasons from 1993 to 1998 for the Indianapolis Colts, Miami Dolphins, and Baltimore Ravens, after playing college football at University of Louisiana at Monroe.	Roosevelt Potts	Indianapolis Colts	Miami Dolphins	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	Pirouz Ghorbani has played for Esteghlal F.C. since he was 16 alongside teammates Amir Hossein Sadeqi and Vahid Talebloo.	Pirouz Ghorbani	Esteghlal F.C.
member of sports team	Thomas Wolter (born 4 October 1963) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder or a defender, and the current manager of SV Werder Bremen's youth academy.	Thomas Wolter	SV Werder Bremen
member of sports team	Bruce MacGregor (born April 26, 1941) is a former professional ice hockey forward who played for the Detroit Red Wings and New York Rangers of the National Hockey League, and the Edmonton Oilers of the World Hockey Association.	Bruce MacGregor	Detroit Red Wings	New York Rangers
member of sports team	Eric Nickulas (born March 25, 1975 in Hyannis, Massachusetts) is a professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany.	Eric Nickulas	ERC Ingolstadt
member of sports team	Nicklas Bendtner (Danish pronunciation: (neɡ̊las ˈb̥ɛnˀd̥nɐ); born 16 January 1988) is a Danish footballer who plays for German Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Denmark national team.	Nicklas Bendtner	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Grent Halili (born 24 May 1998 in Tiranë) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an centre Forward for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Grent Halili	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Matej Jonjić (born 29 January 1991 in Split) is a Croatian football player who plays as defender, currently with Incheon United FC in the K League Classic transfer from Hajduk Split.	Matej Jonjić	Incheon United FC
member of sports team	Rodney McLeod Jr. (born June 23, 1990) is an American football safety for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League.	Rodney McLeod	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Serhiy Yavorskyi (Ukrainian: Сергій Олександрович Яворський; born 5 July 1989), is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Tobol in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Serhiy Yavorskyi	FC Tobol
member of sports team	Sanjeev Parmar is a former Canadian soccer player who had stints with the Charlotte Eagles, and the Ottawa Wizards.	Sanjeev Parmar	Charlotte Eagles
member of sports team	Jovica Trajčev (Macedonian: Јовица Трајчев) (born 9 January 1981) is a Macedonian football player, who plays as a central midfielder for FK Bregalnica Štip.	Jovica Trajčev	FK Bregalnica Štip
member of sports team	Jesse Pinto is an Australian-born East Timorese footballer who currently plays for Australian Club Hellenic Athletic.	Jesse Pinto	Hellenic Athletic
member of sports team	Nikolaos Mitrou (Greek: Νικόλαος Μήτρου; born 10 July 1984) is a Greek footballer currently playing for A.O.Kymi F.C. in the Football League 2 (Greece) as a Midfielder.	Nikolaos Mitrou	A.O.Kymi F.C.
member of sports team	Martin Bergvold (born February 20, 1984) is a Danish professional football player, who plays as a midfielder for Esbjerg fB in the Danish Superliga.	Martin Bergvold	Esbjerg fB
member of sports team	Zoubir Ouasti (born February 28, 1981 in Oran, Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a defender for MC Oran in the Algerian Championnat National.	Zoubir Ouasti	MC Oran
member of sports team	Barry Breen (born 7 January 1948) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League, playing with St Kilda Football Club.	Barry Breen	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	In the 2010 January transfer window Licá moved to C.D. Trofense in the second level, on loan, netting five goals in 27 games in his first full season as the Trofa club narrowly missed on promotion.	Licá	C.D. Trofense
member of sports team	Dwight Barnett (born 1 March 1982 in St. Andrew) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for the Tampa Marauders of the National Premier Soccer League.	Dwight Barnett	Tampa Marauders
member of sports team	Geoff Waugh (born August 25, 1983) is a Canadian-Croatian ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Geoff Waugh	Nottingham Panthers
member of sports team	Grant Birchall (born 28 January 1988) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Grant Birchall	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Anders Stadheim (born August 14, 1980) is a former Norwegian footballer, who played for Fredrikstad FK and Sogndal.	Anders Stadheim	Fredrikstad FK
member of sports team	Vyacheslav Tankovskyi (Ukrainian: В'ячеслав Сергійович Танковський; born 16 August 1995 in Novomoskovsk, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Vyacheslav Tankovskyi	FC Zorya Luhansk
member of sports team	Petr Vakoč (born 11 July 1992 in Prague) is a Czech cyclist, who rides for the Etixx-Quick Step team.	Petr Vakoč	Etixx-Quick Step
member of sports team	Ludovic Mary (born 7 March 1977 in Suresnes, France) is a footballer, currently playing for Championnat de France amateur Group C side US Colomiers Football as a left-back.	Ludovic Mary	US Colomiers Football
member of sports team	Walden Alexis Vargas is a Colombian football player who currently plays for Atlético Huila in Categoría Primera A.	Walden Alexis Vargas	Atlético Huila
member of sports team	Otis Bernard Gilkey (born September 24, 1966 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball player for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Mets, Arizona Diamondbacks, Boston Red Sox, and Atlanta Braves.	Bernard Gilkey	St. Louis Cardinals	New York Mets	Arizona Diamondbacks	Boston Red Sox	Atlanta Braves
member of sports team	Tyler Arnone (born November 1, 1991) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Real Monarchs SLC in the USL.	Tyler Arnone	Real Monarchs
member of sports team	Nino Galović (born 6 July 1992) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for NK Slaven Belupo on loan from RNK Split as a defender.	Nino Galović	NK Slaven Belupo
member of sports team	Petru Ojog (born 17 July 1990, Chişinău, Moldova) is a Moldavian football Midfielder who plays for FC Costuleni.	Petru Ojog	FC Costuleni
member of sports team	Satnam Singh Bhamara (Punjabi: ਸਤਨਾਮ ਸਿੰਘ ਭਮਰਾ; born December 10, 1995) is an Indian professional basketball player for the Texas Legends of the NBA Development League.	Satnam Singh Bhamara	Texas Legends
member of sports team	Bogdans Ņesterenko (born May 16, 1984) is a Latvian football defender who plays for Jõhvi FC Lokomotiv.	Bogdans Ņesterenko	Jõhvi FC Lokomotiv
member of sports team	Szabolcs Üveges (born 29 April 1991, is a Hungarian midfielder who currently plays for Várda SE.	Szabolcs Üveges	Várda SE
member of sports team	Per Frick (born 14 April 1992) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IF Elfsborg in Allsvenskan as a striker.	Per Frick	IF Elfsborg
member of sports team	Anđela Šešlija (born 15 September 1995) is a Bosnian football defender currently playing in the Bosnian Championship for SFK 2000 Sarajevo, with which she has also played the UEFA Champions League.	Anđela Šešlija	SFK 2000
member of sports team	Miguel Albiol Tortajada (born 2 September 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Murcia mainly as a right midfielder.	Miguel Albiol	Real Murcia
member of sports team	Søren Rieks (born 7 April 1987) is a Danish footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a winger.	Søren Rieks	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Filipe Luís Kasmirski (born 9 August 1985), known as Filipe Luís, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Brazil national team.	Filipe Luís	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	José Eulogio Gárate Ormaechea (born 20 September 1944 in Sarandí, Argentina) is a former Argentine-Spanish footballer who played as a forward for SD Eibar, SD Indautxu, Atlético Madrid and Spain.	José Eulogio Gárate	SD Eibar	SD Indautxu	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	Zsolt Bognár started his football career with minor Hungarian teams, including Szombathelyi Haladás and Győri ETO.	Zsolt Bognár	Szombathelyi Haladás
member of sports team	Ianique dos Santos Tavares (born 20 May 1988), commonly known as Stopira, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Hungarian club Videoton FC as a left back.	Stopira	Videoton FC
member of sports team	Willie Amos (born July 28, 1982) is an American football defensive back who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Willie Amos	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Denis Fetahović (Cyrillic: Дeниc Фeтaxoвић, born 29 December 1979) is a Montenegrin football defender playing for FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje.	Denis Fetahović	FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje
member of sports team	Wesley Elmer Barbour II (February 2, 1919 -- February 10, 1993) was an American football blocking back and linebacker who played for the National Football League's New York Giants during the 1945 season.	Elmer Barbour	New York Giants
member of sports team	Norbert Lichtenegger (born 14 November 1951) is an Austrian former footballer who played for Wiener Sport-Club in the Austrian Football Bundesliga.	Norbert Lichtenegger	Wiener Sport-Club
member of sports team	Chad Forcier is an assistant coach for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Chad Forcier	San Antonio Spurs
member of sports team	Jeff Boyd (born April 17, 1958 in Riverside, California) was a Canadian Football League receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the Toronto Argonauts who, in a 9-year career from 1983--1991, caught 69 touchdown passes.	Jeff Boyd	Winnipeg Blue Bombers	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Eddy Silvestre Pascual Israfilov (born 2 August 1992), commonly known as Eddy or Eddy Israfilov, is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays for Spanish club Córdoba CF on loan from Real Murcia as an attacking midfielder.	Eddy Silvestre Pascual Israfilov	Real Murcia
member of sports team	Pavol Zemanovič (born 11 March 1990 in Zlaté Moravce) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce.	Pavol Zemanovič	FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
member of sports team	Dick Tol (21 August 1934 -- 13 December 1973) was a Dutch semi-professional footballer who spent his entire career with FC Volendam.	Dick Tol	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Grant Gilchrist (born 9 August 1990) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the Pro12.	Grant Gilchrist	Edinburgh Rugby
member of sports team	İsmail Köse (Turkish pronunciation: (ismael koese), born 1 January 1996) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Manisaspor in the TFF 1.	İsmail Köse	Manisaspor
member of sports team	Kjell Lindstrand is a former Swedish footballer, who between 1959 and 1971 represented Landskrona BoIS at 393 occasions Twelve of these was qualifying matches for promotion to the Swedish top league Allsvenskan, a Swedish record.	Kjell Lindstrand	Landskrona BoIS
member of sports team	Markus Steuerwald (born 7 March 1989) is a German volleyball player, who is a member of the German national team and Paris Volley.	Markus Steuerwald	Paris Volley
member of sports team	Oliver Bohm (born April 14, 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for Frölunda HC in the Elitserien.	Oliver Bohm	Frölunda HC
member of sports team	Luke Rounds (born 10 February 1991) is an Australian Rules Footballer in the Australian Football League for Collingwood Football Club.	Luke Rounds	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Dario Tomić (born 23 June 1986) is a Bosnian Croat footballer playing with NK Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL.	Dario Tomić	NK Istra 1961
member of sports team	Luís Manuel Braga Dias (born 3 January 1987 in Penafiel) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Penafiel as a right back.	Luís Manuel Braga Dias	F.C. Penafiel
member of sports team	Vaggelis Koutsoures was born on 2 February 1975 in Portaria Chalkidikis, Greece is a Greek football player who currently plays for Erani Filiatra.	Vaggelis Koutsoures	Erani Filiatra
member of sports team	Joel Hilgenberg (born July 10, 1962 in Iowa City, Iowa) was an American football center in the National Football League for the New Orleans Saints.	Joel Hilgenberg	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	István Ferenczi (born 14 September 1977 in Győr, Győr-Moson-Sopron) is a Hungarian international football striker, currently playing for Vasas SC.	István Ferenczi	Vasas SC
member of sports team	Jonas Hofmann (German pronunciation: (ˈdʒøˈnaːs ˈhoːfˈmaːn); born 14 July 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a winger for Borussia Mönchengladbach.	Jonas Hofmann	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Fernando Núñez Lázaro (born 28 June 1978), simply Fernando, is a Spanish footballer who plays for AE Prat as a defender.	Fernando Núñez Lázaro	AE Prat
member of sports team	Mike Filer (born May 6, 1990) is a Canadian football offensive lineman for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Mike Filer	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Bence Balogh (born 4 October 1991 in Budapest) is a professional Hungarian footballer currently plays for Vasas SC.	Bence Balogh	Vasas SC
member of sports team	Marouan Laghnej (born April 22, 1986) is a Tunisian basketball player currently playing for JS Kairouan in the Tunisian Basketball League.	Marouan Laghnej	JS Kairouan
member of sports team	René Groth (born 9 June 1972) is a German former footballer who played for Dynamo Dresden, FSV Zwickau and VfB Leipzig.	René Groth	Dynamo Dresden
member of sports team	Bastien Geiger (born 26 February 1985) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a right defender for FC Biel-Bienne.	Bastien Geiger	FC Biel-Bienne
member of sports team	Wojciech Łuczak (born July 28, 1989, in Zgorzelec) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Górnik Zabrze.	Wojciech Łuczak	Górnik Zabrze
member of sports team	John Henry White (born August 28, 1955) is a former gridiron football running back who played ten seasons in Canadian Football League for the BC Lions.	John Henry White	BC Lions
member of sports team	Dele Olorundare (born 1 December 1992 in Akure, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football player who plays for Sunshine Stars F.C. He was the leading highest goal scorer in the NIgeria premier league 2013 season first leg with 13 goals in 23 games before joining the TKİ Tavşanlı Linyitspor on loan deal.	Dele Olorundare	Sunshine Stars F.C.
member of sports team	Radovan Sloboda (born 7 November 1982 in Bratislava) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who played with HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga.	Radovan Sloboda	HC Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Lardarius Webb (born October 12, 1985) is an American football Free Safety for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.	Lardarius Webb	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	Ernest Nsombo (born March 6, 1991) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a striker for USM Alger.	Ernest Nsombo	USM Alger
member of sports team	Signy Aarna (born 4 October 1990) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a forward for Finnish club Pallokissat and for the Estonia national team.	Signy Aarna	Pallokissat
member of sports team	Daniel Seman is a Czech professional ice hockey player is currently playing with HC Oceláři Třinec in the Czech Extraliga.	Daniel Seman	HC Oceláři Třinec
member of sports team	Holding the record for being the tallest Springbok in history, Andries Bekker was an imposing figure in the DHL Stormers lineout.	Andries Bekker	Stormers
member of sports team	Vyacheslav Turchanov (Ukrainian: В`ячеслав Ігорович Турчанов; born 3 August 1991 in Kyiv) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Poltava in the Ukrainian First League.	Vyacheslav Turchanov	FC Poltava
member of sports team	Ken Hinkley (born 30 September 1966) is currently the senior coach of the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League and a former player with the Geelong Football Club and Fitzroy Football Club.	Ken Hinkley	Geelong Football Club	Fitzroy Football Club
member of sports team	Dan Way (born 5 April 1987, Swindon) is an English former rugby union player for Newport RFC and the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team.	Dan Way	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Paul Puopolo (born 2 December 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Paul Puopolo	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Peter Eich (born 18 June 1963) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for SV Waldhof Mannheim, FC 08 Homburg and 1.	Peter Eich	SV Waldhof Mannheim
member of sports team	Yani Urdinov (Macedonian: Јани Урдинов, born 28 March 1991 in Mechelen, Belgium) is a Belgian-born Macedonian professional footballer who last played for Flamurtari Vlorë in the Albanian Superliga as well as the Macedonian national team.	Yani Urdinov	Flamurtari Vlorë
member of sports team	Saša Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Caшa Caвић; born 5 February 1984) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a defender for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK Dukla Banská Bystrica.	Saša Savić	FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
member of sports team	Jakub Słowik (born 31 August 1991 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish footballer who plays for Pogoń Szczecin in the Ekstraklasa.	Jakub Słowik	Pogoń Szczecin
member of sports team	Issam Al-Qarni (Arabic: عصام القرني; born 29 April 1995 in Jeddah) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al-Nassr.	Issam Al-Qarni	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Yohanis Tjoe (born July 19, 1985) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League as a defender	Yohanis Tjoe	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	Christian Negouai (born 20 January 1978 in Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a French football player who has played for Charleroi, Standard Liège and FC Brussels in Belgium, for Manchester City and Coventry in England, and for Aalesund in Norway.	Christian Negouai	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Oleksandr Shevelyukhin (born 27 August 1982, Uzhhorod, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Górnik Zabrze in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Oleksandr Shevelyukhin	Górnik Zabrze
member of sports team	Michel Riesen (born April 11, 1979 in Oberbalm, Switzerland) is a former professional ice hockey winger who last played for the EHC Basel in the National League B.	Michel Riesen	EHC Basel
member of sports team	Ashley Gibson is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Wakefield Trinity Wildcatsof Super League, having previously played for Leeds, Salford Red Devils and Castleford Tigers.	Ashley Gibson	Salford Red Devils
member of sports team	Abdelmalek Ziaya (born January 23, 1984 in Guelma) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club ES Sétif.	Abdelmalek Ziaya	ES Sétif
member of sports team	In the 2007 summer Tiquinho moved to Cyprus, going on to remain in the country for the following three years in representation of AEL Limassol, Anorthosis Famagusta FC -- no official games --	Tiquinho	Anorthosis Famagusta FC
member of sports team	Vasil Panayotov (Bulgarian: Васил Панайотов; born 16 July 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Zawisza Bydgoszcz in Poland.	Vasil Panayotov	Zawisza Bydgoszcz
member of sports team	Seule Soromon (born 14 August 1984) is an association football striker from Vanuatu who currently plays for ASB Premiership team YoungHeart Manawatu.	Seule Soromon	YoungHeart Manawatu
member of sports team	Stan Waldemore (born February 20, 1955 in Newark, New Jersey) is a former American football offensive tackle and offensive guard in the National Football League for the New York Jets from 1978-1984.	Stan Waldemore	New York Jets
member of sports team	Arthur Lee Guetterman (born November 22, 1958 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher from 1984 to 1996 for the Seattle Mariners, New York Yankees, New York Mets, and St. Louis Cardinals.	Lee Guetterman	Seattle Mariners	New York Yankees	New York Mets	St. Louis Cardinals
member of sports team	Steinar Ege (born 10 April 1972) is a Norwegian handballer, currently playing as a goalkeeper for the Handball-Bundesliga side THW Kiel.	Steinar Ege	THW Kiel
member of sports team	Jyrki Välivaara (born May 30, 1976) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Jyrki Välivaara	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
member of sports team	Jackie Law, Jr is a former professional association footballer who played for Queen of the South and Stranraer F.C. Law Junior was born in Kelloholm and went to school at Dumfries Academy.	Jackie Law, Jr	Stranraer F.C.
member of sports team	Mark McMillan (born 17 May 1983 in Stirling, Scotland) is a former rugby union player who played for Bath Rugby, London Wasps and Leeds Carnegie in the Aviva Premiership, and Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Mark McMillan	Bath Rugby
member of sports team	Hörður Árnason (born 19 May 1989) is an Icelandic football left back, who currently plays for Stjarnan.	Hörður Árnason	Stjarnan
member of sports team	Jürgen Luginger (born 8 December 1967) is a retired German football player and manager who is now manager of FC Schalke 04 II.	Jürgen Luginger	FC Schalke 04
member of sports team	Tibor Tisza (born 10 November 1984) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a striker or Winger for Debreceni VSC.	Tibor Tisza	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	David Costas Cordal (born 26 March 1995) is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca on loan from Celta de Vigo as a central defender.	David Costas	RCD Mallorca
member of sports team	Pelle van Amersfoort (born 1 April 1996 in Heemskerk) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for Almere City, on loan from SC Heerenveen, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Pelle van Amersfoort	SC Heerenveen
member of sports team	Igor Melher (born December 1, 1979 in Mostar, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian football player currently playing for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in the Bosnian Premier League.	Igor Melher	HŠK Zrinjski Mostar
member of sports team	Jeff Heaton (born 13 October 1943 in St. Helens, Lancashire) is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s who became a St Helens RLFC Hall of Fame inductee.	Jeff Heaton	St Helens RLFC
member of sports team	Hikmet Karaman (born March 9, 1960 in Tirebolu, Giresun, Turkey) is a Turkish football manager who currently manages Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor.	Hikmet Karaman	Çaykur Rizespor
member of sports team	Henning Jensen (born 17 August 1949) is a Danish former football player who played professionally for German club Borussia Mönchengladbach, Spanish club Real Madrid and Dutch club Ajax Amsterdam where he won the domestic league championship in each country.	Henning Jensen	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Ezra Dale Polley (born August 9, 1965 in Georgetown, Kentucky) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees.	Dale Polley	New York Yankees
member of sports team	Marcus Pode (born 27 March 1986) is a Swedish professional football who plays for Trelleborgs FF as a forward.	Marcus Pode	Trelleborgs FF
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Leaño Del Castillo (born November 22, 1977 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, México) is a retired Mexican football defender who played his whole career with Estudiantes Tecos.	Juan Carlos Leaño	Estudiantes Tecos
member of sports team	Willi Kraus (1 May 1943 -- 19 October 2008) was a professional German footballer who played for two seasons in the Fußball-Bundesliga with FC Schalke 04.	Willi Kraus	FC Schalke 04
member of sports team	Kwami Hodouto (born 31 October 1974 in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer, who played for French clubs AS Cannes, AJ Auxerre, Red Star Saint-Ouen, and English club Huddersfield Town.	Kwami Hodouto	AS Cannes
member of sports team	Lin Shllaku (born 12 July 1938 in Shkodër) is a former Albanian footballer who played for Vllaznia Shkodër and Partizani Tirana, as well as the Albania national team.	Lin Shllaku	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Percy Maybury (24 September 1891 -- 8 May 1963) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1910 and 1919 for the Richmond Football Club.	Percy Maybury	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Christos Xenitopoulos (Greek: Χρήστος Ξενιτόπουλος; born 1 June 1990) is a Greek footballer, who currently playing for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. in the Football League 2 as a Left back .	Christos Xenitopoulos	Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
member of sports team	Taylor Inglis (born November 4, 1983) is a former professional Canadian football long snapper who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Taylor Inglis	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Jordan Matechuk (born September 22, 1985 in Yorkton, Saskatchewan) is a professional Canadian football linebacker and long snapper for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Jordan Matechuk	BC Lions
member of sports team	Mahamat Hissein (born on 3 March 1979) is a Chadian footballer, who plays for AS Moulins.	Mahamat Hissein	AS Moulins
member of sports team	Sašo Zdravevski (Macedonian: Сашо Здравевски; born 11 August 1973) is a retired Macedonian football defender, who was last played for FK Pelister, which is today a sports director.	Sašo Zdravevski	FK Pelister
member of sports team	Earl Winfield (born August 6, 1961 in Petersburg, Virginia) is a former Canadian Football League receiver for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats who, in an 11-year career from 1987-1997, caught 573 passes for 10,119 yards and 75 touchdowns.	Earl Winfield	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Alain Beaulé (born April 7, 1946) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 183 games in the World Hockey Association for the Winnipeg Jets and Quebec Nordiques.	Alain Beaulé	Quebec Nordiques
member of sports team	Andreas Schranz (born May 2, 1979 in Eisenerz, Styria) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who last played for SV Grödig.	Andreas Schranz	SV Grödig
member of sports team	Joel Bowden (born 21 June 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer with the Richmond Football Club in the AFL.	Joel Bowden	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Jay Bellamy (born July 8, 1972) is a former American football safety who played for the Seattle Seahawks and the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL).	Jay Bellamy	Seattle Seahawks	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Tarkyn Lockyer (born 30 October 1979) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Tarkyn Lockyer	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Leonardo Morosini (born 13 October 1995) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Brescia Calcio as an attacking midfielder.	Leonardo Morosini	Brescia Calcio
member of sports team	Sebastián Díaz Aracena (born 26 February 1996) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for Primera B club Deportes Temuco as defensive midfielder.	Sebastián Díaz Aracena	Deportes Temuco
member of sports team	Milan Harvilko (born 18 July 1988) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club ŽP Šport Podbrezová.	Milan Harvilko	ŽP Šport Podbrezová
member of sports team	Edward Blake Moore Jr. (born May 8, 1958 in Durham, North Carolina) is a former offensive lineman in the National Football League who played for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Green Bay Packers.	Blake Moore	Cincinnati Bengals	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Joni Karjalainen is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Tappara of the SM-liiga.	Joni Karjalainen	Tappara
member of sports team	Jozef Brudňak (born 8 November 1987 in Svidník) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce, on loan from MFK Košice.	Jozef Brudňak	MFK Zemplín Michalovce
member of sports team	Stephan Keller (born 31 May 1979) is a Swiss footballer who last played for Willem II in the Eerste Divisie.	Stephan Keller	Willem II
member of sports team	Shahurain Abu Samah (born 23 December 1986 in Kajang, Selangor) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a midfielder/right winger for PKNS F.C..	Shahurain Abu Samah	PKNS F.C.
member of sports team	Moving up to the Bundesliga squad of Borussia Mönchengladbach in 1967, Helmut Kremers won his first of two DFB-Pokal trophies with then lower league side Kickers Offenbach in 1970.	Helmut Kremers	Borussia Mönchengladbach	Kickers Offenbach
member of sports team	Rolando Schiavi (born 18 January 1973) is a retired Argentine football defender, most recognized for his time spent playing for Boca Juniors.	Rolando Schiavi	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Emanuele Terranova (born April 14, 1987 in Mazara del Vallo) is an Italian association football defender who is currently signed with U.S. Sassuolo Calcio.	Emanuele Terranova	U.S. Sassuolo Calcio
member of sports team	Piotr Bronowicki (born September 10, 1981 in Świdnik) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) playing currently for Górnik Łęczna.	Piotr Bronowicki	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Born in Strumica, Mite Cikarski was playing in Serbia with FK Partizan youth team, when in summer 2011, he was brought to FK Vardar to play in the Macedonian First League.	Mite Cikarski	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Elson Ferreira de Souza (born 30 October 1989), commonly known as Elsinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Kawasaki Frontale on loan from Brazilian Série D club Tombense.	Elsinho	Kawasaki Frontale
member of sports team	Lajos Schróth (born 28 August 1960 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian professional football player who played in Hungary for Újpesti Dózsa, in Spain for Cádiz CF and in Finland for FC Haka.	Lajos Schróth	FC Haka
member of sports team	Cristian Avram is a goalkeeper who currently is playing for FC Academia Chișinău and for Moldova-21.	Cristian Avram	FC Academia Chișinău
member of sports team	Luis Gabriel Rey Villamizar (February 20, 1980) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Liga MX club Monarcas Morelia on loan from Club América.	Luis Gabriel Rey	Monarcas Morelia	Club América
member of sports team	Lex Immers (born 8 June 1986 in The Hague) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Championship side Cardiff City on loan from Feyenoord.	Lex Immers	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Wayne Walsh is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL in 1968, then between 1972 and 1975 and again from 1977 to 1978 for the Richmond Football Club and also between 1969 and 1971 for the South Melbourne Football Club.	Wayne Walsh	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Guillermo Matías Fernández (born 10 October 1991) is an Argentine football midfielder who currently plays for Godoy Cruz of the Argentine Primera División, on loan from Boca Juniors.	Guillermo Matías Fernández	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Boubacar Nimi is a Burkina Faso professional footballer, who plays as a Forward for Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou and the Burkina Faso national football team.	Boubacar Nimi	Étoile Filante de Ouagadougou
member of sports team	Hans van der Pluijm (born 3 January 1949) is a Dutch football coach and retired goalkeeper who played for FC Den Bosch between 1967 and 1986.	Hans van der Pluijm	FC Den Bosch
member of sports team	Bram van Vlerken (born 7 October 1995) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays for PSV Eindhoven as a right back.	Bram van Vlerken	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Khairan Eroza Razali (born 5 May 1979 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan) Malaysian footballer currently playing for Penang FA.	Khairan Eroza Razali	Penang FA
member of sports team	Erik Durm (born 12 May 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left back for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.	Erik Durm	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Kurlson Benjamin (born 7 December 1984) is a Dominican footballer who currently plays for Dominican side Bath Estate and the Dominica national football team.	Kurlson Benjamin	Dominica national football team
member of sports team	Christopher Gores is a Puerto Rican soccer player who plays for Gigantes de Carolina FC in the Puerto Rico Soccer League.	Christopher Gores	Gigantes de Carolina FC
member of sports team	The club stated: ``Chelsea Football Club today bids farewell to Salomon Kalou, who has come to the end of his contract'';	Salomon Kalou	Chelsea Football Club
member of sports team	Janne Jokila (born April 22, 1982) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally for Milton Keynes Lightning in the English Premier Ice Hockey League.	Janne Jokila	Milton Keynes Lightning
member of sports team	Taddele Mengesha is an Ethiopian professional footballer, who plays as a Midfielder for Dedebit F.C..	Taddele Mengesha	Dedebit
member of sports team	Simione Tamanisau (born 5 June 1982) is a Fijian international footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper for Lautoka F.C. in the National Football League.	Simione Tamanisau	Lautoka F.C.
member of sports team	Ivan Maric (Croatian: Ivan Marić, born 4 January 1986) is an Australian rules football player of Croatian descent who plays with the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ivan Maric	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Choi Kwang-hee (born May 17, 1984) is a South Korea football player who plays for Busan IPark.	Choi Kwang-hee	Busan IPark
member of sports team	Sergio Damían Santín Francia (born 22 September 1980) is a Colombian-born Uruguayan footballer playing for Club Social y Deportivo Tristán Suárez in the Argentine Primera B Metropolitana.	Damían Santín	Club Social y Deportivo Tristán Suárez
member of sports team	Nemanja Ahčin (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Ахчин; born 7 April 1994) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays in the Serbian SuperLiga for FK Novi Pazar on loan from Red Star Belgrade.	Nemanja Ahčin	FK Novi Pazar
member of sports team	Calvin Jong-a-Pin (born 18 July 1986) is a Dutch footballer plays as a left back who last played for the Japanese club Shimizu S-Pulse.	Calvin Jong-a-Pin	Shimizu S-Pulse
member of sports team	Francisco José Sánchez Rodríguez (born 8 February 1990) commonly known as Fran Rodríguez is a Spanish professional footballer playing for SV Mattersburg in Austrian Football First League as a defender.	Francisco José Sánchez Rodríguez	SV Mattersburg
member of sports team	Ryan Nicholas (born 23 May 1979 in Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia) is a Japanese rugby union player who plays for Suntory Sungoliath of the Top League in Japan.	Ryan Nicholas	Suntory Sungoliath
member of sports team	Nuno Vieira Campos (born 13 June 1993 in Funchal) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Nacional, as a defender.	Nuno Vieira Campos	C.D. Nacional
member of sports team	Iryna Zvarych (born 8 May 1983) is an international Ukrainian football goalkeeper playing in FCF Juvisy.	Iryna Zvarych	FCF Juvisy
member of sports team	Nouri Ouznadji (born December 30, 1984, in Algiers) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for USM Blida in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2.	Nouri Ouznadji	USM Blida
member of sports team	Tafadzwa Dube is a Zimbabwean professional footballer, who plays as a Goal keeper for CAPS United F.C..	Tafadzwa Dube	CAPS United F.C.
member of sports team	Jonathan Grimes (born December 21, 1989) is an American football running back who currently plays for Houston Texans.	Jonathan Grimes	Houston Texans
member of sports team	Dominique Lokoli (born 29 January 1952) is a former French-Congolese footballer who played for Paris Saint-Germain F.C., AS Nancy, AJ Auxerre and Stade de Reims.	Dominique Lokoli	Paris Saint-Germain F.C.	Stade de Reims
member of sports team	Péter Palotás (27 June 1929 -- 17 May 1967), born as Péter Poteleczky, was a Hungarian footballer who played as a forward for MTK Budapest FC and Hungary.	Péter Palotás	MTK Budapest FC
member of sports team	Johannes Mononen (born 4 May 1991) is a Finnish footballer, who currently represents AC Oulu of Ykkönen, the second highest level of football in Finland.	Johannes Mononen	AC Oulu
member of sports team	Nina Burger is an Austrian football striker, currently playing for SC Sand of Frauen Budesliga, after playing for SV Neulengbach of Austria's ÖFB-Frauenliga.	Nina Burger	SV Neulengbach
member of sports team	Fance Hariyanto (born on October 1, 1983 in Pekanbaru) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.	Fance Hariyanto	PSPS Pekanbaru
member of sports team	Brad Brach (/brɑːk/ brahk; born April 12, 1986) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Brad Brach	Baltimore Orioles
member of sports team	S. Sivanesan (born 28 December 1990) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Negeri Sembilan FA and Malaysia national team.	S. Sivanesan	Negeri Sembilan FA
member of sports team	Sebastião Nogueira is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for CF Benfica.	Sebastião Nogueira	CF Benfica
member of sports team	Luke Owens (born October 9, 1933 in Stuttgart, Arkansas) was an American football defensive lineman in the NFL for the Baltimore Colts and the Chicago/St. Louis Cardinals.	Luke Owens	Baltimore Colts
member of sports team	Tuğba Karataş (March 17, 1992) is a Turkish women's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's First League for Trabzon İdmanocağı with jersey number 23.	Tuğba Karataş	Trabzon İdmanocağı
member of sports team	Mehmedalija Čović (born March 16, 1986) is a Bosnian association football player who plays for NK Čelik Zenica.	Mehmedalija Čović	NK Čelik Zenica
member of sports team	DeMeco Ryans (/dᵻˈmiːkoʊ/; born July 28, 1984) is an American football linebacker for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).	DeMeco Ryans	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Jasmin Sudić (born 24 November 1990) is a Bosnian-born Swedish footballer who plays for BK Häcken as a centre back.	Jasmin Sudić	BK Häcken
member of sports team	Tobias Schilk (born 24 March 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for 1. FSV Mainz 05.	Tobias Schilk	1. FSV Mainz 05
member of sports team	Charles Bruce Stuart (November 30, 1881 -- October 28, 1961) was a Canadian amateur and professional ice hockey forward who played for the Quebec Bulldogs, Ottawa Senators, Montreal Wanderers, Portage Lakes Hockey Club, Pittsburgh Victorias and Pittsburgh Professionals from 1899 to 1911.	Bruce Stuart	Quebec Bulldogs	Ottawa Senators	Montreal Wanderers	Portage Lakes Hockey Club	Pittsburgh Professionals
member of sports team	Khalid Askri (born 20 March 1981, Missour, Morocco) is a Moroccan football goalkeeper who plays for Raja Casablanca.	Khalid Askri	Raja Casablanca
member of sports team	Rasmus Christensen (born 12 August 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Hobro IK in the Danish 1st Division.	Rasmus Christensen	Hobro IK
member of sports team	Rai Vloet (born 8 May 1995 in Schijndel) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays for SC Cambuur, on loan from PSV Eindhoven, as an attacking midfielder.	Rai Vloet	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Christian Leite also called Leite (Born 9 November 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Thun.	Christian Leite	FC Thun
member of sports team	Kostadin Zelenkov (Bulgarian: Костадин Зеленков) (born 11 December 1977) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Brestnik 1948 as a midfielder.	Kostadin Zelenkov	Brestnik 1948
member of sports team	István Géczi (born 16 March 1944 in Sajóörös) is a retired Hungarian football goalkeeper, who played for Ferencvárosi TC.	István Géczi	Ferencvárosi TC
mother	In Greek mythology, Electryon /ɨˈlɛktriən/ was the son of Perseus and Andromeda, and king of Tiryns and Mycenae or Medea in Argolis.	Electryon	Andromeda
mother	Aleida Guevara March (born 24 November 1960) is the eldest daughter of four children born to Ernesto ``Che'' Guevara and his second wife, Aleida March.	Aleida Guevara	Aleida March
mother	Beorn Estrithson (died 1049) was the son of Jarl Ulf and Estrid Svendsdatter, sister of Cnut the Great.	Beorn Estrithson	Estrid Svendsdatter
mother	Aline Lahoud (Arabic: ألين لحود‎) (born 1981 or 1986) is a Lebanese singer and the daughter of well-known singer Salwa Al Katrib and producer Nahi Lahoud.	Aline Lahoud	Salwa Al Katrib
mother	Countess Anna Sibylle of Hanau-Lichtenberg (16 May 1542 in Lichtenberg -- 5 January 1580) was the eldest surviving daughter of Count Philipp IV (20 May 1512 -- 19 February 1590) and his wife, Countess Eleonore of Fürstenberg (11 October 1523 -- 26 April 1544).	Anna Sibylle of Hanau-Lichtenberg	Eleonore of Fürstenberg
mother	In Irish mythology, Banba (modern spelling: Banbha, pronounced (ˈbˠanˠəvˠə)), daughter of Ernmas of the Tuatha Dé Danann, is a patron goddess of Ireland.	Banba	Ernmas
mother	Benjamin was the last-born of Jacob's thirteen children (12 sons 1 daughter), and the second and last son of Rachel in Jewish, Christian and Islamic tradition.	Benjamin	Rachel
mother	China Moses is the daughter of Dee Dee Bridgewater and director Gilbert Moses.	China Moses	Dee Dee Bridgewater
mother	Constance of Normandy (between 1057 and 1061 Normandy - 13 August 1090) was a daughter of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders.	Constance of Normandy	Matilda of Flanders
mother	Yu Zhengsheng was born in the communist revolutionary heartland of Yan'an in 1945, the son of Yu Qiwei (better known as Huang Jing), a Communist revolutionary, and Fan Jin, a frontline journalist.	Yu Zhengsheng	Fan Jin
mother	William J. Hume was born to Jaquelin H. Hume the co-founder of Basic American Foods, the world's largest supplier of dried potato and bean products, and Caroline Howard Hume, a philanthropist.	William J. Hume	Caroline Howard Hume
mother	In October 1945, Yvonne de Gaulle bought the Château de Vert-Cœur at Milon-la-Chapelle (Yvelines), where they installed a private hospital for handicapped young girls: the Fondation Anne de Gaulle.	Anne de Gaulle	Yvonne de Gaulle
mother	Cusi Cram was born in Manhattan, New York City, New York, on September 22, 1967, to Lady Jeanne Campbell, daughter of Ian Campbell, 11th Duke of Argyll and granddaughter of Max Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, and John Cram III, a decedent of railroad developer Jay Gould.	Cusi Cram	Jeanne Campbell
mother	Semele (/ˈsɛməli/; Greek: Σεμέλη Semelē), in Greek mythology, daughter of the Boeotian hero Cadmus and Harmonia, was the mortal mother of Dionysus by Zeus in one of his many origin myths.	Semele	Harmonia
mother	In the Akkadian epic Enuma Elish, Kishar is the daughter of Lahmu and Lahamu, the first children of Tiamat and Abzu.	Kishar	Lahamu
mother	American Pharoah's dam, Littleprincessemma, was purchased by Zayat in 2007 for $250,000.	American Pharoah	Littleprincessemma
mother	Thomas de Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, 2nd Earl of Nottingham, 8th Baron Segrave, 7th Baron Mowbray (1385 -- 8 June 1405), English nobleman and rebel, was the son of Thomas de Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk and Lady Elizabeth FitzAlan.	Thomas de Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk	Elizabeth FitzAlan
mother	Sir William Maule was the eldest son of Sir Peter Maule and Christina de Valognes, Baron and Baroness of Panmure and Benvie.	Sir William Maule	Christina de Valognes
mother	Mary Stewart, Countess of Arran (13 May 1453 -- May 1488) was the elder daughter of James II of Scotland and Mary of Guelders.	Mary Stewart, Countess of Arran	Mary of Guelders
mother	Mallory Reaves (born 1984 to parents Michael Reaves and Brynne Chandler), is a writer from Southern California.	Mallory Reaves	Brynne Chandler
mother	Marty McFly is the youngest of three children from George McFly and Lorraine Baines-McFly.	Marty McFly	Lorraine Baines-McFly
mother	John Carteret Pilkington (1730-1763) was an Irish singer and writer who left lively memoirs of his early life and collaborated on the memoirs of his mother Laetitia Pilkington.	John Carteret Pilkington	Laetitia Pilkington
mother	Maria Maddalena de' Medici (29 June 1600 -- 28 December 1633) was an Tuscan princess, the eighth daughter of Ferdinando I and Christina of Lorraine, making her the sister of Cosimo II.	Maria Maddalena de' Medici	Christina of Lorraine
mother	Prince Hermann Friedrich of Leiningen (born 16 April 1963) is the younger son of Prince Karl of Leiningen and his wife Princess Marie Louise of Bulgaria.	Prince Hermann Friedrich of Leiningen	Princess Marie Louise of Bulgaria
mother	One was Smarty Jones, the product of a breeding between their winningest horse, the mare I'll Get Along, and the stallion Elusive Quality.	Smarty Jones	I'll Get Along
mother	Henry Stuart, Duke of Gloucester (8 July 1640 -- 13 September 1660) was the youngest son of Charles I and his wife, Henrietta Maria of France, the third son to survive to adulthood (his eldest brother, Charles, Duke of Cornwall and of Rothesay was born and died the same day).	Henry Stuart, Duke of Gloucester	Henrietta Maria of France
mother	Vessel inscriptions, labels and sealings from the graves of Hor-Aha and Queen Neithhotep suggest that this queen died during the reign of Aha.	Hor-Aha	Neithhotep
mother	Jessika Gedin is the daughter of translator Lena Fries-Gedin and niece of the book publisher Per Gedin.	Jessika Gedin	Lena Fries-Gedin
mother	Princess Chulabhorn Walailak (Thai: จุฬาภรณวลัยลักษณ์; Thai pronunciation: (tɕù.lāː.pʰɔːn.wá.lāj.lák); rtgs: Chulaphon Walailak; born 4 July 1957, Bangkok) or Chulabhorn Mahidol is a princess of Thailand, the youngest daughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Queen Sirikit.	Chulabhorn Walailak	Sirikit
mother	Duryodhana (Sanskrit: दुर्योधन) is a major character in the Hindu epic Mahabharata and was the eldest of the Kauravas, the hundred sons of blind king Dhritarashtra and Queen Gandhari.	Duryodhana	Gandhari
mother	Cao Ang was the first son of Cao Cao and his concubine Lady Liu (劉夫人).	Cao Ang	Lady Liu
mother	Orithyia (/ɒrɨˈθaɪ.ə/; Greek: Ὠρείθυια Ōreithuia; Latin: Ōrīthyia) was the daughter of King Erechtheus of Athens and his wife, Praxithea, in Greek mythology.	Orithyia	Praxithea
mother	Acrisius (/əˈkraɪsiəs/; Greek: Ἀκρίσιος) was a mythical king of Argos, and a son of Abas and Aglaea (or Ocalea, depending on the author), grandson of Lynceus, great-grandson of Danaus.	Acrisius	Ocalea
mother	Catherine Henriette de Bourbon (11 November 1596 -- 20 June 1663) was an illegitimate daughter of King Henry IV of France and his long-term maîtresse en titre Gabrielle d'Estrées.	Catherine Henriette de Bourbon	Gabrielle d'Estrées
mother	Bethuel (Hebrew: בתואל‎ Bəṯū’êl, ``house of God''), in the Hebrew Bible, was an Aramean man, the youngest son of Nahor and Milcah, the nephew of Abraham, and the father of Laban and Rebecca.	Bethuel	Milcah
mother	Plato's mother was Perictione, whose family boasted of a relationship with the famous Athenian lawmaker and lyric poet Solon.	Plato	Perictione
mother	Princess Isabella of Bavaria (Isabella Maria Elisabeth; 31 August 1863 -- 26 February 1924) was the third child and eldest daughter of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria and his wife Infanta Amelia Philippina of Spain.	Princess Isabella of Bavaria	Infanta Amelia Philippina of Spain
mother	The daughter of a famous writer, Ru Zhijuan, and a father who was denounced as a Rightist when she was three years old, Wang Anyi writes that she ``was born and raised in a thoroughfare, Huaihai Road.''	Wang Anyi	Ru Zhijuan
mother	Princess Charlotte of Schaumburg-Lippe (10 October 1864--16 July 1946) was the daughter of Prince Wilhelm Karl August of Schaumburg-Lippe, and his wife, Princess Bathildis of Anhalt-Dessau.	Charlotte of Schaumburg-Lippe	Princess Bathildis of Anhalt-Dessau
mother	Isabel Maria de Alcântara, Duchess of Goiás (3 May 1824 -- 23 November 1898), was a Brazilian noble, the illegitimate daughter of Emperor Pedro I of Brazil and Domitila de Castro, Marchioness of Santos.	Isabel Maria de Alcântara, Duchess of Goiás	Domitila de Castro, Marchioness of Santos
mother	Pindar calls Orpheus ``the father of songs'' and identifies him as a son of the Greek Thracian king Oeagrus and the Muse Calliope.	Orpheus	Calliope
mother	Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans, Duchess of Montpensier, (27 May 1627 -- 5 April 1693) known as La Grande Mademoiselle, was the eldest daughter of Gaston d'Orléans, and his first wife Marie de Bourbon, Duchess of Montpensier.	Anne Marie Louise d'Orléans, Duchess of Montpensier	Marie de Bourbon, Duchess of Montpensier
mother	Neferneferuaten Tasherit or Neferneferuaten junior (14th century BCE) was an Ancient Egyptian princess of the 18th dynasty and the fourth daughter of Pharaoh Akhenaten and his Great Royal Wife Nefertiti.	Neferneferuaten Tasherit	Nefertiti
mother	Anna d'Este was born on 16 November 1531, the eldest daughter of the Duke of Ferrara Ercole II (son of Lucrezia Borgia and grandson of Pope Alexander VI) and his wife, Renée of France (daughter of King Louis XII of France).	Anna d'Este	Renée of France
mother	Adrestia (Greek: Ἀδρήστεια) in Greek mythology 'she who cannot be escaped' was the daughter of Ares and Aphrodite and known to accompany her father Ares to war.	Adrestia	Aphrodite
mother	Charles d'Évreux (1305 -- September 5, 1336) was the son of Louis, Count of Évreux and Margaret of Artois.	Charles d'Évreux	Margaret of Artois
mother	Princess Tatiana Constantinovna of Russia (Княжна Татьяна Константиовна) (23 January 1890--28 August 1979) was the third child and oldest daughter of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia by his wife, Elisaveta Mavrikievna, née Princess Elisabeth of Saxe-Altenburg.	Princess Tatiana Constantinovna of Russia	Princess Elisabeth of Saxe-Altenburg
mother	Olivia Putman is a French designer, daughter to Andrée Putman and heir to her mother's design studio, Studio Putman.	Olivia Putman	Andrée Putman
mother	Cassavetes was born in New York City, the son of Greek American Katherine Cassavetes (née Demetre), who was to be featured in some of his films, and Greek immigrant Nicholas John Cassavetes.	John Cassavetes	Katherine Cassavetes
mother	Akshara Haasan was born on 12 October 1991 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu to actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur.	Akshara Haasan	Sarika
mother	A'Lelia Walker was born Lelia McWilliams in Vicksburg, Mississippi, in 1885, the daughter of Moses McWilliams and the woman later known as Madam C. J. Walker.	A'Lelia Walker	Madam C. J. Walker
mother	Georg Donatus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Hesse (Georg Donatus Wilhelm Nikolaus Eduard Heinrich Karl, 8 November 1906 -- 16 November 1937) was the first child of Ernest Louis, Grand Duke of Hesse and Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich.	Georg Donatus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Hesse	Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich
mouth of the watercourse	The Yser (French: l'Yser, Dutch: IJzer) is a river that rises in French Flanders (the north of France), enters the Belgian province of West Flanders and flows into the North Sea at the town of Nieuwpoort.	Yser	North Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Slab Fork is a tributary of the Guyandotte River, 15.1 miles (24.3 km) long, in southern West Virginia in the United States.	Slab Fork	Guyandotte River
mouth of the watercourse	The Christina River is a tributary of the Delaware River, approximately 35 miles (56 km) long, in northern Delaware in the United States, also flowing through small areas of southeastern Pennsylvania and northeastern Maryland.	Christina River	Delaware River
mouth of the watercourse	Krui River rises on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Oxleys Peak, at Mount Palmer and flows generally southwest, joined by six minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River near Comiala Flat.	Krui River	Goulburn River
mouth of the watercourse	The Macmillan River is a tributary, approximately 320 kilometres (200 mi) long, of the Pelly River in the Yukon Territory of northwestern Canada.	Macmillan River	Pelly River
mouth of the watercourse	The Weesener Bach, also called the Lutterbach, is a tributary of the river Örtze in northern Germany.	Weesener Bach	Örtze
mouth of the watercourse	The Koyna River is a tributary of the Krishna River which originates in Mahableshwar, Satara district,western Maharashtra, India.	Koyna River	Krishna River
mouth of the watercourse	The Brăteni River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.	Brăteni River	Lechinţa River
mouth of the watercourse	The Impey River is a river in the Mid West of Western Australia which rises south of Mount Murchison and flows east-north-east until it merges with the Murchison River of which it is a tributary.	Impey River	Murchison River
mouth of the watercourse	The Dürre Ager River flows through the Attergau area in Upper Austria from South to North and joins the Vöckla River at Timelkam.	Dürre Ager	Vöckla
mouth of the watercourse	Montour Run is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania.	Montour Run	Fishing Creek
mouth of the watercourse	The Inambari River in southeastern Peru flows 210 miles (340 km) from the Cordillera Apolobamba in the Andes to the Madre de Dios River.	Inambari River	Madre de Dios River
mouth of the watercourse	The Econlockhatchee River (Econ River for short) is a 87.7-kilometre-long (54.5 mi) north-flowing blackwater tributary of the St. Johns River, the longest river in the U.S. state of Florida.	Econlockhatchee River	St. Johns River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kasai River (called Cassai in Angola) is a tributary of the Congo River, located in central Africa.	Kasai River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sava (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈsàːʋa), Serbo-Croatian: (sǎːʋa), Serbian Cyrillic: Сава) is a river in Central Europe, a right side tributary of the Danube.	Sava	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	The Kanawha River (/kəˈnɔː/ kə-NAW or /kəˈnɔːə/ kə-NAW-ə) is a tributary of the Ohio River, approximately 97 mi (156 km) long, in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Kanawha River	Ohio River
mouth of the watercourse	Salmon Falls Creek is a tributary of the Snake River, flowing from northern Nevada into Idaho in the United States.	Salmon Falls Creek	Snake River
mouth of the watercourse	The Feather River is the principal tributary of the Sacramento River, in the Sacramento Valley of Northern California.	Feather River	Sacramento River
mouth of the watercourse	The Walhonding River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River, 23.5 miles (37.8 km) long, in east-central Ohio in the United States.	Walhonding River	Muskingum River
mouth of the watercourse	From there the Wörpe flows through Wilstedt and Grasberg before finally discharging into the Wümme near Lilienthal.	Wörpe	Wümme
mouth of the watercourse	The Dadau is a tributary of the river Hunte.	Dadau	Hunte
mouth of the watercourse	The Ötztaler Ache is a right tributary of the Inn River in the Imst (district) and flows through the Ötztal valley with a length of appr.	Ötztaler Ache	Inn
mouth of the watercourse	The Fuhse is a stream of Lower Saxony, Germany, a left tributary of the Aller.	Fuhse	Aller
mouth of the watercourse	Nahal Taninim (Hebrew: נחל תנינים‎, lit. Crocodile Stream) is a river in Israel, originating near Ramot Menashe and emptying into the Mediterranean Sea south of Ma'agan Michael.	Nahal Taninim	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Bamboes Spruit, (or Bamboesspruit) is a River in the North West Province of South Africa, and a tributary to the Vaal River, running into the Bloemhof Dam.	Bamboes Spruit	Bloemhof Dam
mouth of the watercourse	The Lambro (Western Lombard: Lamber or Lambar) is a river of Lombardy, northern Italy, a left tributary of the Po.	Lambro	Po
mouth of the watercourse	Shade Creek is a tributary of Stonycreek River in Somerset County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Shade Creek	Stonycreek River
mouth of the watercourse	The Belle Fourche River (pronounced bel FOOSH; Lakota: Šahíyela Wakpá) is a tributary of the Cheyenne River, approximately 290 miles (470 km) long, in the U.S. states of Wyoming and South Dakota.	Belle Fourche River	Cheyenne River
mouth of the watercourse	The Brandenberger Ache River is a 22 km long left tributary of the Inn River in the district Kufstein and flows from North to South to the town of Rattenberg where it merges with the Inn River.	Brandenberger Ache	Inn
mouth of the watercourse	The Hotham River is one of the major tributaries of the Murray River in Western Australia.	Hotham River	Murray River
mouth of the watercourse	Formed by the confluence of the Coolagolite Creek and Nutleys Creek, near Bermagui South, the Bermagui River flows generally east, before reaching its mouth into the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean near Bermagui.	Bermagui River	Tasman Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Ubangi River (/juːˈbæŋɡi/ or /uːˈbæŋɡi/), also spelled Oubangui, is the largest right-bank tributary of the Congo River in the region of Central Africa.	Ubangi River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tashkurgan River runs through Tashkurgan Tajik Autonomous County and is one of the tributaries of the Yarkand River in the Tarim Basin.	Tashkurgan River	Yarkand River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sambre is a river in northern France and in Wallonia, Belgium, left tributary of the Meuse River.	Sambre	Meuse
mouth of the watercourse	The São Gonçalo Channel (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w̃ ɡõˈsalu)) is a navigable channel connecting two large coastal lagoons, Lagoa Mirim and Lagoa dos Patos, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul in southern Brazil.	São Gonçalo Channel	Lagoa dos Patos
mouth of the watercourse	The Breakfast Creek (Aboriginal: Barrambin) is a small urban stream that is a tributary of the Brisbane River, located in suburban Brisbane in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Breakfast Creek	Brisbane River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ebola River, also commonly known by its indigenous name Legbala, is the headstream of the Mongala River, a tributary of the Congo River, in northern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Ebola River	Mongala River
mouth of the watercourse	The Thuli River, former name Tuli River, is a major tributary of the Shashe River in Zimbabwe.	Thuli River	Shashe River
mouth of the watercourse	The Athabasca River travels 1,231 km (765 mi) before draining into the Peace-Athabasca Delta near Lake Athabasca south of Fort Chipewyan.	Athabasca River	Lake Athabasca
mouth of the watercourse	The river rises below the King Leopold Ranges and flows in a westerly direction through the Lennard River Gorge and the Windjana Gorge before merging with the Meda River.	Lennard River	Meda River
mouth of the watercourse	Mammy Johnsons River rises on the southwestern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Winns Mountain, north northwest of Bulahdelah, and flows generally north, west and south, joined by four tributaries including Wards River, before reaching its confluence with the Karuah River north northwest of Stroud.	Mammy Johnsons River	Karuah River
mouth of the watercourse	Shickshinny Creek (historically known as Shickohinna) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in the Wyoming Valley in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Shickshinny Creek	Susquehanna River
mouth of the watercourse	The Romaine River drains into the Jacques Cartier Strait, opposite the Mingan Archipelago, that is part of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence.	Romaine River	Gulf of Saint Lawrence
mouth of the watercourse	Picanoc River (pikanak or pakânâk) is tributary of Gatineau River, flowing in the administrative region of Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada.	Picanoc River	Gatineau River
mouth of the watercourse	The Mzingwane River, formerly known Umzingwane River as or Umzingwani River is a major left-bank tributary of the Limpopo River in Zimbabwe.	Mzingwane River	Limpopo River
mouth of the watercourse	The Geumho River flows through North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea, and drains into the Nakdong River.	Geumho River	Nakdong River
mouth of the watercourse	Hinksey Stream is a branch of the River Thames to the west of the city of Oxford, England.	Hinksey Stream	River Thames
mouth of the watercourse	The Brisbane River is the longest river in the south east region of Queensland, Australia, and flows through the city of Brisbane, before emptying into Moreton Bay.	Brisbane River	Moreton Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Erdre is a river in western France, right tributary to the Loire.	Erdre	Loire
mouth of the watercourse	The Chambly Canal is a National Historic Site of Canada in the Province of Quebec, running along the Richelieu River past Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Carignan, and Chambly.	Chambly Canal	Richelieu River
mouth of the watercourse	The Andelle is a river of Normandy, France, 56.8 kilometres (35.3 mi) in length, flowing through the departments of Seine-Maritime and Eure.	Andelle	Seine
mouth of the watercourse	The Wa River (Thai: ลำน้ำว้า) is a river of the Thai highlands in Thailand, a tributary of the Nan River, part of the Chao Phraya River basin.	Wa River	Nan River
mouth of the watercourse	Nahal Poleg is a stream in the Sharon plain in Israel that empties into the Mediterranean Sea between Netanya and the Wingate Institute.	Nahal Poleg	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Hawthorne Canal and Iron Cove Creek are two significant tributaries that flow into Iron Cove, where it flows into Parramatta River, before connecting with Port Jackson.	Hawthorne Canal	Iron Cove
participant of	Manuel Bravo Paredes (February 17, 1897 - November, 1973) was a Chilean footballer who participated in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Manuel Bravo Paredes	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Safer Sali (Albanian: Safer Sali, Serbo-Croatian: Сафер Сали) (born 3 June 1946, in Veles, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former freestyle wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia.	Safer Sali	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Dick (September 20, 1905 in Kirkintilloch, Scotland -- July 24, 1989 in Lafayette, California) was a U.S. soccer forward who was a member of the U.S. national team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Walter Dick	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Hastings Bwalya (born 25 August 1985) is a Zambian boxer who won the 2007 All-Africa Games at junior welter, and then competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Hastings Bwalya	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carlos Espejo is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 200 m breaststroke.	Carlos Espejo	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kelly Gunther (born August 14, 1987) is an American speed skater participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Kelly Gunther	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Nurzhan Karimzhanov (born May 30, 1980) is a Kazakhstani boxer, who won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games in the Junior Welterweight division.	Nurzhan Karimzhanov	2002 Asian Games
participant of	Kelly Geraghty (born 11 July 1977) is an Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Kelly Geraghty	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jeronimas Milius was elected to represent his country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 on 2 February 2008 collecting 11 674 votes leaving Aistė Pilvelytė with Troy on Fire close behind whose backing vocalist he was in the national final for Eurovision Song Contest 2006.	Jeronimas Milius	Eurovision Song Contest 2008
participant of	Antoine Valois-Fortier (born 13 March 1990) is a Canadian judoka who won the bronze medal in the Men's -81 kg category at the Judo at the 2012 Summer Olympics, making him the first Canadian to win a medal in Olympic Judo in twelve years and the fifth to win one in Olympic history.	Antoine Valois-Fortier	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mireia García Sánchez (born July 31, 1981 in Viladecans, Catalonia) is a former butterfly swimmer from Spain, who competed for her native country at 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Mireia García	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frederick Charles Delahaye, sometimes spelled Delahay or Delahey (March 19, 1905 -- March 17, 1973), was a Canadian ice hockey player who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.	Charles Delahaye	1928 Winter Olympics
participant of	Zlatan Arnautović (born September 2 1956 in Prijedor, Bosnia and Herzegovina, then Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslav handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Zlatan Arnautović	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Malcolm Poole (born 6 November 1949) is a retired field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the team that won the silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Malcolm Poole	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Pospíšil (April 24, 1944 in Bratislava -- April 17, 2006 in Bratislava) was a Czechoslovak/Slovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Peter Pospíšil	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tamás Molnár (born August 2, 1975 in Szeged) is a Hungarian water polo player, who played on the gold medal squads at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics and 2008 Olympics.	Tamás Molnár	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	L. H. Clermont was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	L. H. Clermont	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mikael Olander (born June 11, 1963) is a retired decathlete from Sweden, who finished in 17th place (7869 points) at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Mikael Olander	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Foquet (born May 6, 1905, date of death unknown) was a French boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Robert Foquet	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Malcolm Lincoln, together with a group of backing vocalists called Manpower 4, won the competition Eesti Laul 2010 with the song ``Siren'' and represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010.	Malcolm Lincoln	Eurovision Song Contest 2010
participant of	Pier Paolo Lucchetta (born January 14, 1963) is an Italian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Pier Paolo Lucchetta	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Akira Ōta (born 8 April 1957 in Akita) is a Japanese former wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Akira Ōta	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Godfrey Kelly (born 21 December 1928) is a Bahamian former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Godfrey Kelly	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ana Galindo Santolaria (born 16 August 1973) is a Spanish former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Ana Galindo Santolaria	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mindaugas Mizgaitis (born October 14, 1979 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian amateur wrestler, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Mindaugas Mizgaitis	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giuseppe Ghedina (1898 -- 1986) was an Italian cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Giuseppe Ghedina	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Carly Dixon (born 27 July 1973) is an Australian former judoka who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Carly Dixon	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Katarína Lamrichová (née Beňušková, born October 21, 1956 in Partizánske) is a former Czechoslovak/Slovak handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Katarína Lamrichová	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gunnar Hallkvist (January 10, 1919 -- February 1, 2014) was a Swedish speed skater who competed at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.	Gunnar Hallkvist	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Konstantinos Giataganas or Konstantinos Yataganas (12 October 1920 -- 1997) was a Greek shot putter and discus thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Konstantinos Giataganas	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sven Paris (born December 17, 1980) is an Italian amateur boxer who competed in the light welterweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Sven Paris	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shohei Kasahara (born 21 July 1939) is a Japanese former hammer thrower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Shohei Kasahara	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Teneal Attard (born 16 March 1985) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Teneal Attard	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Artsem Mikhalenka (Belarusian: Арцём Міхаленка; born 23 January 1990), born in Byelorussian SSR, USSR is a singer who represented Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo as part of the band 3+2.	Artsem Mikhalenka	Eurovision Song Contest 2010
participant of	Emil Beyer (November 22, 1876 in New York City -- October 15, 1934 in New York City) was an American gymnast and track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Emil Beyer	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hamid Ait Bighrade (born May 13, 1976) is a Moroccan boxer who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Hamid Ait Bighrade	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hugo Herrnhof (born September 21, 1964 in Bormio) is a retired Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics, 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Hugo Herrnhof	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	József Csík (born 1 January 1946 in Üllő) is a Hungarian former javelin thrower who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	József Csík	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jaroslav Balcar (27 March 1953 -- 4 April 2015) was a Czechoslovak ski jumper who competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Jaroslav Balcar	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Victoriano Alberto Zorrilla (April 6, 1906 -- April 23, 1986) was an Argentine swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Alberto Zorrilla	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Adamik (20 October 1928 -- 7 December 1992) was a Hungarian sprinter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Adamik	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Haigh (born 27 March 1945 in Adelaide, South Australia) is a retired hockey player from Australia, who won two Olympic silver medals as a member of the national team at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Robert Haigh	1968 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Marti (born April 1, 1910, date of death unknown) is a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Walter Marti	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tommaso Lequio di Assaba (October 21, 1893 -- December 17, 1965) was an Italian horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, 1924 Summer Olympics, and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Tommaso Lequio di Assaba	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emma Davis (born March 27, 1986 in Bangor, County Down) is an Irish triathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Emma Davis	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luciano Magistrelli (14 February 1938 -- 19 December 2011) was an Italian footballer who made 125 appearances in Serie A for Atalanta, played for several other clubs, and competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.	Luciano Magistrelli	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Lertora (September 21, 1897 -- March 28, 1939) was an Italian artistic gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics, in the 1928 Summer Olympics, and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Mario Lertora	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bim Diederich (20 February 1922 -- 6 December 2012), also known as Jean Diederich, was a professional Luxembourgian road bicycle racer, with an impressive record in the Tour de France.	Bim Diederich	Tour de France
participant of	Maxwell Amponsah (born 9 October 1986) is a Ghanaian boxer who had qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the heavyweight event.	Maxwell Amponsah	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrey Belofastov (born 2 October 1969 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a Russian former water polo player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Andrey Belofastov	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Enrico Chieffi (born 11 April 1963) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Enrico Chieffi	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elisa Togut (born May 14, 1978 in Gorizia) is an Italian volleyball player who represented Italy at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Elisa Togut	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Willführ (October 30, 1885, Hanover -- April 22, 1922) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Paul Willführ	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yoko Yoneda (born 22 November 1975) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yoko Yoneda	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bouke Benenga (March 27, 1888 in Rotterdam -- January 4, 1968 in Rotterdam) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Bouke Benenga	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hou Yuzhu (Chinese: 侯玉珠; pinyin: Hóu Yùzhū; born February 7, 1963) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Hou Yuzhu	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jiří Feureisl (born 3 October 1931) is a Czechoslovak football forward who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, scoring a goal in the 6-1 win over Argentina.	Jiří Feureisl	1958 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Zhang Jingsong (born 2 September 1973) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Jingsong	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Genebert Basadre (born January 5, 1984) is an amateur boxer from the Philippines who competed in the Lightweight (-60 kg) division at the 2006 Asian Games winning the bronze medal in a lost bout against China's Hu Qing 8-29-.	Genebert Basadre	2006 Asian Games
participant of	István Lévai (born July 23, 1957) is a former boxer from Hungary, who won the bronze medal in the Heavyweight division (91 kg) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	István Lévai	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexander Baronjan (born 22 March 1976) is a German former yacht racer who participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Alexander Baronjan	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anton Janda (1 May 1904 -- 1986) was an Austrian football defender who played for Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Anton Janda	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Giuseppe Crivelli (October 5, 1900 -- November 17, 1975) was an Italian rower and bobsledder who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics.	Giuseppe Crivelli	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Winter Olympics
participant of	Sebastiano Mannironi (22 July 1930 -- 11 June 2015) was an Italian weightlifter who competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics; he won a bronze medal in 1960 and finished fifth in 1964.	Sebastiano Mannironi	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal Frank Baumgartl won the Olympic bronze medal in a new personal best time of 8:10.36 minutes.	Frank Baumgartl	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Raquel Acinas Poncelas is a Spanish cyclist who has represented Spain at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics in both road and track events.	Raquel Acinas Poncelas	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Oliver Eggimann (28 January 1919 -- 6 April 2002) was a Swiss football midfielder who played for Switzerland in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Oliver Eggimann	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Choi Yung-keun (Hangul: 최영근, Hanja: 崔榮根; 8 February 1923 -- 20 July 1994) is a South Korean football forward who played for the South Korea in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Choi Yung-keun	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Julius Keyl (December 8, 1877 -- November 15, 1959) was a German track and field athlete and gymnast who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1906 Summer Olympics.	Julius Keyl	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sarah Gibbins (born 10 June 1970 in Northampton, Northamptonshire, England) is a sport shooter who represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Sarah Gibbins	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gösta Dunker (Sandviken, September 16, 1905 - June 5, 1973) was a footballer from Sweden who participated in 1934 FIFA World Cup, scoring one goal in the game versus Germany.	Gösta Dunker	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Chelsea Hammond (born August 2, 1983 in New York City) is a Jamaican long jumper, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Chelsea Hammond	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bryan Gibson (born November 10, 1947 in Kentville, Nova Scotia) is a retired boxer from Canada, who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics, and is the first boxer of African descent from Nova Scotia (and possibly all of Canada) to compete in the Olympics.	Bryan Gibson	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anders Mårtensson (February 17, 1893 -- July 17, 1973) was a Swedish equestrian vaulter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Anders Mårtensson	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Seyed Shamseddin Seyed-Abbasi (Persian: سید شمس الدین سیدعباسی‎‎, February 5, 1943, Tehran -- March 16, 2004, Tehran) was an Iranian wrestler who won a bronze medal in freestyle at the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Shamseddin Seyed-Abbasi	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	On 9 February 2006, the Bosnian television network PBSBiH announced that Hari Varešanović would represent Bosnia and Herzegovina with the song ``Lejla'' at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006.	Hari Varešanović	Eurovision Song Contest 2006
participant of	Gaia Bassani Antivari (born July 8, 1978) is an alpine skier who competed for Azerbaijan at the 2010 Winter Olympics, and 2014.	Gaia Bassani Antivari	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Andrew Gajda (February 26, 1907 -- June 4, 1956) was an American soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Andrew Gajda	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gabriel Charles Jean Le Bret (October 26, 1872, Paris -- December 23, 1947 Paris) was a sailor from France, who represented his country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Meulan, France.	Jean Le Bret	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Steven Ferguson competed in the 100 m and 200 m breaststroke at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, but did not pass the qualifying heats.	Steven Ferguson	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kemal Özçelik (born 1924) is a Turkish former equestrian who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Kemal Özçelik	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Violetta Quesada (born July 11, 1947) is a retired sprinter from Cuba who helped win a silver medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1968 Summer Olympics, the first Olympic medal ever achieved by Cuban women.	Violetta Quesada	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mauro Calligaris (6 May 1952 -- 8 August 2000) was an Italian swimmer, who competed in the 400 m individual medley event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Mauro Calligaris	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Verka Borisova (later Stoyanova, Bulgarian: Верка Борисова, later Стоянова, born February 26, 1955) is a Bulgarian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Verka Borisova	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christiano Rodeghiero (born April 22, 1915, date of death unknown) was an Italian cross-country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Christiano Rodeghiero	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	The 1984 Summer Olympics event in Los Angeles was Ulrike Meyfarth's last major championship.	Ulrike Meyfarth	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	María Noel Barrionuevo (born 16 May 1984) is an Argentine field hockey player who won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London with the national field hockey team.	Noel Barrionuevo	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rivaldo starred alongside Ronaldo and Ronaldinho in the 2002 FIFA World Cup winning team.	Rivaldo	2002 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Like the Rijeka group Put four years earlier, E.N.I. was created out of Putokazi in order to compete in at the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 with the song ``Probudi me''.	E.N.I.	Eurovision Song Contest 1997
participant of	Alejandro Arteche (born 15 February 1923) is a Spanish former boxer who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Alejandro Arteche	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georges Damitio (20 May 1924 -- 7 September 1994) was a French high jumper who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Georges Damitio	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandor Rivnyak (Hungarian: Sándor Rivnyák, born October 31, 1937) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Sandor Rivnyak	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	In May 2011, Kim Kyungah qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Kim Kyungah	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maikro Romero (born December 9, 1972) is a Cuban boxer, who won the gold medal in the Men's Flyweight (-- 51 kg) category at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.	Maikro Romero	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Louis Peglion (8 March 1906 in Marseille -- 15 August 1986) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who won one stage in the 1930 Tour de France.	Louis Peglion	Tour de France
participant of	Alan Lerwill (born 15 November 1946) is a British former long jumper who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Alan Lerwill	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Hare (12 May 1887 -- 23 December 1969) was a British track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.	Albert Hare	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Manyo Plange (born January 18, 1988) is a Ghanaian boxer who won silver at the 2007 All-Africa Games and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Manyo Plange	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sven Gösta Bergkvist (29 March 1920 -- 5 October 2015) was a Swedish athlete who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he finished fifth out of 36 competitors in the men's 1500 metres event.	Gösta Bergkvist	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bruno Petrarca (born December 25, 1906, date of death unknown) is an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Bruno Petrarca	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kornelia Kunisch (born 17 October 1959 in Lübben (Spreewald)) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Kornelia Kunisch	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lalita Yauhleuskaya (born 1963 in Belarus) is a professional sporting shooter who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney representing Belarus and currently represents Australia in international competition.	Lalita Yauhleuskaya	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petra Kulichová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtra ˈkulɪxovaː); born 13 September 1984) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Petra Kulichová	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rod Owen-Jones (born 6 January 1970) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Rod Owen-Jones	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cheung King Wai (traditional Chinese: 張敬煒; simplified Chinese: 张敬炜; Jyutping: zoeng1 ging3 wai5, born 3 September 1985) is a racing cyclist from Hong Kong, China who won a gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the points race.	Cheung King Wai	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Guy Thomas competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece for the New Zealand Olympic team and also rode for the New Zealand Team at the 2010 World Equestrian Games in Lexington, KY.	Guy Thomas	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Courtney Carl Williams (born 31 January 1991 in Kingstown, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines) is a Vincentian runner who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 100 m event.	Courtney Carl Williams	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan Heřmánek (May 28, 1907 -- May 13, 1978) was a Czechoslovak/Czech boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Jan Heřmánek	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Boniface Merande (born 13 February 1962) is a retired Kenyan long-distance runner, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Boniface Merande	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Piotr Ugrumov (Latvian: Pēteris Ugrjumovs, Russian: Пётр Угрюмов) (born January 21, 1961 in Riga) is a former Russian professional road racing cyclist who participated for Latvia after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, though he was a part of the Russian delegation at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Piotr Ugrumov	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eli Matheson (born 12 July 1983 in Lithgow, New South Wales) is a field hockey striker who represented Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Eli Matheson	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Konrads (Latvian: Jānis Konrads; born 21 May 1942) is an Australian former freestyle swimmer of the 1950s and 1960s, who won the 1500 m freestyle at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.	John Konrads	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Isaac Bentham (27 October 1886 Lancashire -- 5 May 1917) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Isaac Bentham	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Miyuki Nakagawa (born 20 December 1986) is a Japanese field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Miyuki Nakagawa	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pan Yan (Chinese: 潘岩, born 22 September 1973) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Pan Yan	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wendy Aguilar (born 14 May 1972) is a Mexican former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Wendy Aguilar	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elaina Oden (born March 21, 1967 in Orange, California) is a former volleyball player from the United States, who won the bronze medal with the United States women's national volleyball team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Elaina Oden	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Reni Yordanova (Bulgarian: Рени Йорданова, born October 25, 1953) is a Bulgarian rower who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Reni Yordanova	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bogdan Rath (born 28 June 1972) is a Romanian and later Italian water polo player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Bogdan Rath	1996 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Carlos Souza Júnior (born July 13, 1971) is a former international swimmer from Brazil, who participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country.	José Carlos Souza	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	David Abrard (born November 27, 1976 in Sainte-Adresse, Seine-Maritime) is a retired butterfly swimmer from France, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	David Abrard	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nikolay Podgornov (Николай Подгорнов) was a sailor from Russia, who represented his country at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Nynäshamn, Sweden in the 8 Metre	Nikolay Podgornov	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Joachim Spremberg (November 3, 1908, Berlin -- 1975) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Joachim Spremberg	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rainer Seifert (born on 10 December 1947 in Wiesbaden) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the West German squad that won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Rainer Seifert	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christiane Pilz (born August 3, 1975 in Karl-Marx-Stadt, Saxony) is a triathlete from Germany, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Christiane Pilz	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Martin Lauer (born 2 January 1937) is a retired West German sprinter who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m relay at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Martin Lauer	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Halland Britton (18 February 1890 -- 11 February 1975) was an English long-distance runner who finished sixth in the 10 km race at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Halland Britton	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rosario Luchetti (born 4 June 1984) is an Argentine field hockey player, who won the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Olympic Games, in London with the national women's hockey team.	Rosario Luchetti	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kim Byung-hoon (born 22 October 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kim Byung-hoon	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Holger Behrendt competed for East Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul where he received a gold medal in rings, a silver medal in team combined exercises, and a bronze medal in horizontal bar.	Holger Behrendt	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Angelika Kraus (born 9 May 1950 in Celle) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Angelika Kraus	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Viktor Šnajder (17 June 1934 -- 28 November 2014) was a Croatian sprinter who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Viktor Šnajder	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alma Qeramixhi (born November 14, 1963 in Korçë) is an Albanian heptathlete who represented her country in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Alma Qeramixhi	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anna Cecilia Sahlin (born 11 May 1976), known professionally as Anna Sahlene and formerly by the one-word stage name Sahlene, is a Swedish performer best known as a singer: she placed third at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with ``Runaway'' the Estonian Eurovision entrant for 2002.	Sahlene	Eurovision Song Contest 2002
participant of	Hans Ott (born February 28, 1930) is a Swiss former ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo.	Hans Ott	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Christophe Tiozzo (born June 1, 1963 in St. Denis, France) is a French former boxer who won the bronze medal at light middleweight in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Christophe Tiozzo	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ramazan Şahin (born Ramzan Irbaikhanov (Russian: Рамзан Ирбайханов), July 8, 1983) is a Russian - Turkish freestyle wrestler of Chechen descent, who has won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ramazan Şahin	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Claude Brondani (born 2 February 1944) is a French former judoka who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Jean-Claude Brondani	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Richard Grady (born 28 April 1955) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Richard Grady	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jan Økseter (born 19 February 1945 in Aurdal, Oppland) is a retired Norwegian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Jan Økseter	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michele Antonioli (born 31 January 1977 in Bormio) is an Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Michele Antonioli	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Salomon Konijn (14 January 1874, Amsterdam -- 15 March 1932, Amsterdam) was a Dutch gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Salomon Konijn	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vincent Clarico (born 8 January 1966 in Saint-Denis, France) is a French former hurdler who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Vincent Clarico	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dominika Kopcik (born 27 October 1988) is a Canadian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Dominika Kopcik	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Saisi (born 19 July 1945) is a retired Kenyan 800 metres runner who finished seventh at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.	Thomas Saisi	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gilles Buck (born 1 March 1935) born in Troyes is a French sailor who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Gilles Buck	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gerhard Potma (29 August 1967, in Sneek -- 31 March 2006, in Sneek) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Gerhard Potma	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Noël Fagot (born December 9, 1958) is a former ice speed skater from France, who represented his native country at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia.	Jean-Noël Fagot	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Eustacio Chamorro was a Paraguayan football defender who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Eustacio Chamorro	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Emma Carrick-Anderson (born 17 June 1975) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics, in the 1994 Winter Olympics, in the 1998 Winter Olympics, and in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Emma Carrick-Anderson	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Léon Flament (born 26 May 1906, date of death unknown) was a Belgian rower who won a bronze medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Léon Flament	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Soma Singh (born 26 July 1965) is a British former international field hockey player, who captained his country and played 145 times for England and GB, represented Great Britain at the 1996 Summer Olympics Games in Atlanta.	Soma Singh	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hanna Olsen (23 June 1889 -- 10 June 1990) was a Swedish fencer who competed at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Hanna Olsen	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adriana Camelli (born 1928) is an Argentine swimmer who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Adriana Camelli	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lori-Ann Muenzer (born May 21, 1966 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian track cyclist and gold medal winning athlete at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the Match Sprint.	Lori-Ann Muenzer	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chester Bowman (November 22, 1901 -- May 31, 1936) was an American sprinter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Chester Bowman	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Enjian (born 1988-01-12 in Tianjin) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Enjian	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Danijel Furtula (31 July 1992 in Mojkovac) is a Montenegrin discus thrower who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics, coming in 20th in qualification group 2 and not advancing.	Danijel Furtula	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tsui Wan Yi (born 11 September 1984) is a fencer from Hong Kong, who won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the women's sabre team competition.	Tsui Wan Yi	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Jaime Fortier (born 4 June 1970) is a Canadian former cross-country skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Jaime Fortier	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Richard Craig Oppel (born August 10, 1967) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Craig Oppel	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jürgen Colombo (born 2 September 1949) is a retired track cyclist from West Germany, who won the gold medal in the Men's 4000m Team Pursuit at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, alongside Günther Schumacher, Günter Haritz, and Udo Hempel.	Jürgen Colombo	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cheryl Maas (born 28 September 1984 in Uden, Noord-Brabant) is a Dutch snowboarder, who competed at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino, finishing 11th at the halfpipe in which she is specialised.	Cheryl Maas	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Matylda Matoušková-Šínová (born 29 March 1933 in Brno) is a Czech former gymnast who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Matylda Matoušková-Šínová	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roxbert Martin (born 5 November 1969 in Saint Ann, Jamaica) is a former Jamaican 400 metres runner, who was selected for the Jamaican 4x400 metres relay team at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal.	Roxbert Martin	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Seiichi Takamura (born 11 December 1960) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Seiichi Takamura	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Scheele (18 December 1908 in Kirchwärder -- 23 July 1941) was a German athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Hans Scheele	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Haidar Abdel-Shafi (Heidar Abdul-Shafi) (Arabic: حيدر عبد الشافي‎ June 10, 1919 -- September 25, 2007) was a Palestinian physician, community leader and political leader who was the head of the Palestinian delegation to the Madrid Conference of 1991.	Haidar Abdel-Shafi	Madrid Conference of 1991
participant of	Edward Wojda (26 July 1941 in Żyliny -- 21 March 1990 in Gdańsk) was a Polish wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Edward Wojda	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nenad Vukanić (born May 16, 1974 in Kotor) is a water polo player who played for FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Nenad Vukanić	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ronodji Niakaken (born August 11, 1965) is a long distance athlete who competed internationally for Chad Niakaken represented Chad at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, he competed in the 5000 metres where he finished 19th in his heat and therefore did not qualify for the next round.	Ronodji Niakaken	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rhys Howden (born 2 April 1987) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Rhys Howden	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yvonne Tousek-Renne (born February 23, 1980 in Kitchener, Ontario) is a retired artistic gymnast who competed for her native Canada in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Yvonne Tousek	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michelle Guerette (born October 6, 1980) is an American rower who competed in the Women's Quadruple Sculls event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Michelle Guerette	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Renáta Hiráková (born 27 May 1971 in Košice) is a Slovak former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Renáta Hiráková	1992 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rambo Amadeus represented Montenegro in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, with the song ``Euro Neuro''.	Rambo Amadeus	Eurovision Song Contest 2012
participant of	José Luis Munguía Linares (28 October 1959 -- 24 March 1985) was a football player from El Salvador who was a non-playing squad member at the 1982 FIFA World Cup Finals in Spain.	José Luis Munguía	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	István Mudin (October 16, 1881 -- July 22, 1918) was a Hungarian athlete who competed at the 1906 Intercalated Games and the 1908 Summer Olympics.	István Mudin	1906 Intercalated Games	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nikolaos Siranidis (Greek: Νικόλαος Σιρανίδης; born 26 February 1976) is a Greek diver who competed in the synchronised 3 metre springboard competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Nikolaos Siranidis	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eliecer Montes de Oca is a one time Gold medalist for baseball, winning at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Eliecer Montes de Oca	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Blum, also known as Zoltán Virág (3 January 1892 -- 25 December 1959) was a Hungarian amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Blum	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juraj Amšel (17 December 1924 -- 7 August 1988) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Juraj Amšel	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Reiner Gies (born March 12, 1963 in Kaiserslautern, Rhineland-Palatinate) was a German boxer who won a Light Welterweight Bronze Medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics for West Germany.	Reiner Gies	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kayoko Sugiyama (Japanese: 杉山 加代子; born October 31, 1961) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Kayoko Sugiyama	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrew Murray Charlton (12 August 1907 -- 10 December 1975), known popularly as Boy Charlton, was an Australian freestyle swimmer of the 1920s and 1930s who won a gold medal in the 1500 m freestyle at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.	Boy Charlton	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anke Möhring (born 28 August 1969 in Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany, who won the bronze medal in the 400 m freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Anke Möhring	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hartmut Losch (11 September 1943 in Angermünde -- 26 March 1997 in Neu Fahrland) was a German athlete who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Hartmut Losch	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Issaka Hassane (born January 3, 1959) is a track and field sprint athlete who competed internationally for Chad Hassane represented Chad at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Issaka Hassane	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Oyuunbilegiin Pürevbaatar (born 23 November 1973) is a Mongolian former wrestler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Oyuunbilegiin Pürevbaatar	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tracey Mosley (born 25 September 1973 in Sydney, Australia) is a softball player from Australia, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tracey Mosley	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simon Agoston (born 5 April 1977) is a Hungarian-born triathlete from Austria, who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Simon Agoston	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lisa Angell (born Virginie Vetrano, 21 September 1968 in Paris) is a French singer who represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song ``N'oubliez pas''.	Lisa Angell	Eurovision Song Contest 2015
participant of	Aleksandrs Jackēvičs (born March 25, 1958 in Dobele) is a Latvian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Aleksandrs Jackēvičs	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emil Seidler (March 13, 1914 - date of death unknown) was an Austrian ice hockey player who competed for the Austrian national team at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Emil Seidler	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Günter Haritz (born 16 October 1948) is a retired road and track cyclist from West Germany, who won the gold medal in the Men's 4.000 Team Pursuit at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, alongside Günther Schumacher, Jürgen Colombo, and Udo Hempel.	Günter Haritz	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexandros Vrasivanopoulos (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Βρασιβανόπουλος, born 1890, date of death unknown) was a Greek sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Alexandros Vrasivanopoulos	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johannes Gandil (21 May 1873 in Ringe -- 7 March 1956 in Ordrup) was a Danish amateur footballer, who played one game as a forward for the Denmark national football team, winning a silver medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Johannes Gandil	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Éric Koloko (born November 1 1950 in Lille) is a French dancer and choreographer, who was formerly a gymnast who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Éric Koloko	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abraham van Olst (24 September 1897, Amsterdam -- 9 April 1964, Amsterdam) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Abraham van Olst	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Regina Rajchrtová (born 5 February 1968) is a Czech former tennis player who competed for her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Regina Rajchrtová	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marcelino Vargas (born 1921 - date of death unknown) is a Paraguayan football goalkeeper who played for Paraguay in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Marcelino Vargas	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Lawrence Lemieux (born November 12, 1955 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian sailor, who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the Star Class and at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the Finn class.	Lawrence Lemieux	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Carlos Bianchi (born January 22, 1970 in Maracay) is a former tennis player from Venezuela, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia and played collegiate tennis at the University of Alabama for the Alabama Crimson Tide.	Juan Carlos Bianchi	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rolf Herings (born 10 July 1940) is a German former javelin thrower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Rolf Herings	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan Schur (born 27 November 1962 in Leipzig) is a retired track cyclist and road cyclist from East Germany, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Jan Schur	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Herb Barten (born January 13, 1928) is an American former middle distance runner who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Herb Barten	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Johnny Höglin (born 26 February 1943) is a Swedish speed skater whose greatest moment was to win a gold medal in the 10000-meter event at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, France.	Johnny Höglin	1968 Winter Olympics
participant of	Sergey Naumov (Russian: Серге́й Нау́мов; born 9 April 1962) is a Russian former water polo player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Sergey Naumov	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Curt Rottman (13 February 1886, in Dresden -- 13 January 1928, in New York City) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Curt Rottman	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Amanda Overland (born on August 30, 1981 in Kitchener, Ontario) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Amanda Overland	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jamie Lynn Corkish (formerly Gray, née Beyerle, born May 26, 1984) is an American sport shooter who won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Jamie Lynn Corkish	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abdul Khalik Juad, also known as Abdul Kalik Mohamed Jawad, (born November 1930) was a weight-lifter who represented Iraq at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo	Abdul Khalik Juad	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petra Niemann (born 14 August 1978) is a German former yacht racer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Petra Niemann	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Chiarini (born 7 January 1981) is an Italian baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Mario Chiarini	2004 Summer Olympics
performer	``Look Through My Eyes'' is a song by English singer Phil Collins from the Brother Bear film soundtrack.	Look Through My Eyes	Phil Collins
performer	``I Want to Make the World Turn Around'' was a single from Steve Miller Band's album Living in the 20th Century, released in November, 1986.	I Want to Make the World Turn Around	Steve Miller Band
performer	The Last Encore is the fourth album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak.	The Last Encore	Kayak
performer	``Buses and Trains'' was the first and most successful single by Australian band Bachelor Girl.	Buses and Trains	Bachelor Girl
performer	``All She Wants to Do Is Dance'' is a song written by Danny Kortchmar and performed by Don Henley, co-lead vocalist and drummer for Eagles.	All She Wants to Do Is Dance	Don Henley
performer	``Hermetico'' is a song by the Israeli-American electronica-world fusion band Balkan Beat Box.	Hermetico	Balkan Beat Box
performer	100 Wayz is the seventh studio album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound.	100 Wayz	Tha Dogg Pound
performer	The Cult of Ray is a 1996 album by Frank Black (also known as Black Francis.)	The Cult of Ray	Black Francis
performer	Cavity Job was the debut EP by British electronic music duo Autechre, and their first release under the ``Autechre'' name.	Cavity Job	Autechre
performer	``Get On Your Boots'' is a song by Irish rock band U2 and the sixth track from their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon.	Get On Your Boots	U2
performer	``Pinky Santa'' is the fourth Japanese single by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their 4th Japanese single album of the same name which features Japanese actor and actress Taishi Nakagawa and Aoi Yoshikura as its PV models.	Pinky Santa	Boyfriend
performer	``Jenny Says'' is a song written by drummer and lead singer Fred LeBlanc from Cowboy Mouth's first studio album, Word Of Mouth in 1992, as well as their 1996 major label debut album, ``Are You with Me?''	Jenny Says	Cowboy Mouth
performer	``TV Crimes'' is a song by British rock band Black Sabbath from their 1992 album Dehumanizer.	TV Crimes	Black Sabbath
performer	Eye Catching (1993) is the debut album by the American experimental pop music group Amoeba.	Eye Catching	Amoeba
performer	What a Bunch of Sweeties is a 1972 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies.	What a Bunch of Sweeties	Pink Fairies
performer	Svet je moj (trans. The World Is Mine) is the second studio album from Serbian rock band Van Gogh, released in 1991.	Svet je moj	Van Gogh
performer	Nekrotisk Inkvisition is the first album by Norwegian black metal band Koldbrann released in 2006.	Nekrotisk Inkvisition	Koldbrann
performer	Alive II is the second live album (and eighth overall) by American hard rock band Kiss, released in 1977.	Alive II	Kiss
performer	``Life Is a Highway'' is a song written by Tom Cochrane, from his 1991 album Mad Mad World.	Life Is a Highway	Tom Cochrane
performer	Raingods with Zippos is a 1999 Progressive rock album by ex-Marillion vocalist Fish.	Raingods with Zippos	Fish
performer	Like a Flame is a double-album with free improvisations for organ by Frederik Magle released in December 2010 on the Swedish record label Proprius Music (PRCD 2061).	Like a Flame	Frederik Magle
performer	The Ways of Freedom is an early album by the Russian jazz musician Sergey Kuryokhin.	The Ways of Freedom	Sergey Kuryokhin
performer	``Boogie with Stu'' is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their 1975 album Physical Graffiti.	Boogie with Stu	Led Zeppelin
performer	``Does Your Chewing Gum Lose Its Flavour (On the Bedpost Overnight?)'' is a novelty song by Lonnie Donegan.	Does Your Chewing Gum Lose Its Flavour (On the Bedpost Overnight?)	Lonnie Donegan
performer	Storm of the Light's Bane is the 1995 album release by Swedish black/melodic death metal band Dissection.	Storm of the Light's Bane	Dissection
performer	``This Is for You'' is an electro-boogie song recorded by American ``emotio-electro'' band The System.	This Is for You	The System
performer	Loyal to the Game is the ninth studio album and fifth posthumous studio album by Tupac Shakur.	Loyal to the Game	Tupac Shakur
performer	``Full Moon Full of Love'' is a single by Canadian country music artist k.d. lang.	Full Moon Full of Love	k.d. lang
performer	Second Family is the second full length album by the Long Island pop-punk band Patent Pending.	Second Family	Patent Pending
performer	``Heart Heart Heartbreak'' is a song written by Boys Like Girls' lead singer Martin Johnson, along with Sam Hollander and Dave Katz of the production team S*A*M and Sluggo.	Heart Heart Heartbreak	Boys Like Girls
performer	``Original of the Species'' is a song by rock band U2 and the tenth track from their 2004 album, How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb.	Original of the Species	U2
performer	``Neon Knights'' is a song by British rock band Black Sabbath from 1980's Heaven and Hell, their first album with American vocalist Ronnie James Dio.	Neon Knights	Black Sabbath
performer	``Another Lover'', sometimes titled ``(The World Don't Need) Another Lover'', is a 1988 song by English pop duo Giant Steps, from their debut album The Book of Pride.	Another Lover	Giant Steps
performer	Soul Circle is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded between 1964 and 1966 and released on the Prestige label.	Soul Circle	Jack McDuff
performer	Truelove's Gutter is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US.	Truelove's Gutter	Richard Hawley
performer	Sunfish Holy Breakfast is an EP by Guided by Voices, a band from Dayton, Ohio.	Sunfish Holy Breakfast	Guided by Voices
performer	``Perdición'' is a song recorded and performed by Spanish/Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación.	Perdición	La 5ª Estación
performer	``Shape of You (Reshaped)'' (featuring Hollywood) ``Shape of You'' (album version) ``Whatever's Clever'' (Fusion mix) ``Shape of You (Reshaped)'' (video) (featuring Hollywood and Wyclef Jean)	Shape of You (Reshaped)	Hollywood
performer	Kraina Mriy (Ukrainian: Країна Мрій, English: The Land of Dreams (incorrectly given as ``Cry in a Dream'')) is the debut studio album by Vopli Vidopliassova.	Kraina Mriy	Vopli Vidopliassova
performer	``Wünsch DIR was'' (roughly Make a wish; lit. Wish YOURSELF something) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Wünsch DIR was	Die Toten Hosen
performer	So Far From Real is a 2003 album by Cauterize (previously known as T.O.E.).	So Far From Real	Cauterize
performer	L'amore è una cosa semplice (Italian: (laˈmoːre ɛ una ˈkɔːza ˈsemplitʃe)) is the fifth studio album by Italian pop singer-songwriter Tiziano Ferro.	L'amore è una cosa semplice	Tiziano Ferro
performer	Calling All Stations (stylised as ...Calling All Stations...) is the fifteenth and final studio album by rock band Genesis.	Calling All Stations	Genesis
performer	``The Air That I Breathe'' (Spanish title: ``Necesito poder respirar'') is a ballad written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hazlewood, initially recorded by Albert Hammond on his 1972 album It Never Rains in Southern California.	The Air That I Breathe	Albert Hammond
performer	The Low End Theory is the second album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest.	The Low End Theory	A Tribe Called Quest
performer	In 0 to ∞ is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O., released in 2010 by Important Records.	In 0 to ∞	Acid Mothers Temple
performer	``I'm Waiting for the Day'' is a song by the American rock band The Beach Boys, taken from their 1966 album Pet Sounds.	I'm Waiting for the Day	The Beach Boys
performer	The Celts Strike Again is the second studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1997.	The Celts Strike Again	Orthodox Celts
performer	5to Piso (Quinto Piso, 5th Floor) is the eleventh studio album by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona, released on 18 November 2008.	5to Piso	Ricardo Arjona
performer	Goodnight Oslo is the seventeenth studio album by Robyn Hitchcock, and his second with The Venus 3.	Goodnight Oslo	Robyn Hitchcock
performer	Devil's Music is the sixth studio album by Swedish band Teddybears, released March 24, 2010, on Sony Music.	Devil's Music	Teddybears
performer	``I Feel So'' is the first single released by Box Car Racer from their eponymous album.	I Feel So	Box Car Racer
performer	Powerage was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.	Powerage	AC/DC
performer	Dick at Nite (Your Favorite TV Themes Loungified!) is the seventh album by Richard Cheese.	Dick at Nite	Richard Cheese
performer	``Don't Treat Me Like a Child'' is the 1961 debut single of then fourteen-year-old Helen Shapiro, and was written by John Schroeder and Mike Hawker.	Don't Treat Me Like a Child	Helen Shapiro
performer	``Christmas in Harlem'' is a song by hip-hop recording artist Kanye West.	Christmas in Harlem	Kanye West
performer	Circulate was the second solo album of Neil Sedaka after his 1959 debut solo album Rock with Sedaka.	Circulate	Neil Sedaka
performer	The Song Remains Not the Same is a studio album by American heavy metal band Black Label Society, released May 10, 2011.	The Song Remains Not the Same	Black Label Society
performer	``Superman Tonight'' is a song by New Jersey rock band Bon Jovi.	Superman Tonight	Bon Jovi
performer	``Stereo Love'' is a 2009 song recorded by the Romanian musician Edward Maya with the Moldavian-Romanian musician Vika Jigulina, released as their debut single in late 2009 from Maya's album The Stereo Love Show.	Stereo Love	Edward Maya	Vika Jigulina
performer	Buck Fever was the second full length album released by Estradasphere.	Buck Fever	Estradasphere
performer	``À ma place'' is a 2001 pop song recorded as a duet by French singers Zazie and Axel Bauer.	À ma place	Zazie	Axel Bauer
performer	Communicate! is the first studio album by the soulband The Solution formed by Nicke Andersson and Scott Morgan recorded at Atlantis Studio and mixed in Polar Studios.The album was released in 2004 and was followed up with Will Not Be Televised in 2008.	Communicate!	The Solution
performer	``Hot Revolver'' is a song by American recording artist Lil Wayne, released March 17, 2009, released as the second single from his seventh studio album, Rebirth (2010).	Hot Revolver	Lil Wayne
performer	Rock 'n' Rave is the second studio album of DJ and producer Benny Benassi which was released on 3 June 2008 by Ultra Records.	Rock 'n' Rave	Benny Benassi
performer	The Greatest Songs of the Fifties is an album by veteran American singer Barry Manilow, released in the United States on January 31, 2006.	The Greatest Songs of the Fifties	Barry Manilow
performer	``Face the Change'' is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as the group's seventh single on January 7, 1998.	Face the Change	Every Little Thing
performer	``Take Her Back'' is the fifth single released by British indie band The Pigeon Detectives from their début album Wait For Me.	Take Her Back	The Pigeon Detectives
performer	All Things to All People is the second studio album by Danish electronic rock band Carpark North.	All Things to All People	Carpark North
performer	Heaven's a Lie is the first single by Lacuna Coil off their album Comalies.	Heaven's a Lie	Lacuna Coil
performer	Welcome to the Walk Alone is the second album from the Devon-based band The Rumble Strips.	Welcome to the Walk Alone	The Rumble Strips
performer	Croweology is an acoustic-based compilation album by rock band The Black Crowes, released on August 3, 2010.	Croweology	The Black Crowes
performer	WAO!! is the second album by Japanese ska band, OreSkaBand, released on May 23, 2007.	WAO!!	OreSkaBand
performer	``We'll Be a Dream'' is a song by American pop punk band We the Kings featuring American recording artist Demi Lovato, released as the second single from their second studio album, Smile Kid.	We'll Be a Dream	We the Kings	Demi Lovato
performer	The Medicine is an album by West Coast hip hop artist Planet Asia, released on October 3, 2006 through ABB Records.	The Medicine	Planet Asia
performer	Collaborations 2 is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Sukshinder Shinda, released on 26 February 2009 worldwide making his second collaborated album.	Collaborations 2	Sukshinder Shinda
performer	Something Good for Your Head is an album by the San Francisco area folk rock duo Blackburn & Snow.	Something Good for Your Head	Blackburn & Snow
performer	On the Way to Wonderland is the debut album by the Finnish rock band Sunrise Avenue.	On the Way to Wonderland	Sunrise Avenue
performer	I Left My Blues in San Francisco is the debut album by American blues artist Buddy Guy.	I Left My Blues in San Francisco	Buddy Guy
performer	``Swallow, Smile'' is a song by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand which was released strictly for members of a band's fan club in the fall of 2006.	Swallow, Smile	Franz Ferdinand
performer	Radio Pet Fencing is the third record by rapper MC Lars, the last record released with his former stage surname Horris, and his first record to be released outside of the United States.	Radio Pet Fencing	MC Lars
performer	``Perfect (Exceeder)'' is a collaboration between Dutch band Mason and American rapper Princess Superstar.	Perfect (Exceeder)	Mason	Princess Superstar
performer	``Cumbersome'' is a song by Seven Mary Three and the lead single from their breakthrough album, American Standard.	Cumbersome	Seven Mary Three
performer	``I Love to Move in Here'' is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released as the second single from his 2008 album Last Night.	I Love to Move in Here	Moby
performer	Likferd is the fourth full-length studio album by Norwegian black metal band Windir, which was released in 2003.	Likferd	Windir
performer	Night Visions is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Imagine Dragons.	Night Visions	Imagine Dragons
performer	Jewelz is the second album by the rapper O.C..	Jewelz	O.C.
performer	``Taxi Ride'' is a song by American recording artist Tori Amos from her seventh studio album Scarlet's Walk (2002).	Taxi Ride	Tori Amos
performer	``Shine Ya Light'' is a song recorded by British recording artist Rita Ora, and released as the third single from her debut studio album Ora.	Shine Ya Light	Rita Ora
performer	``Put Your Hands Up in the Air!'' is a song recorded by Belgian dance artist Danzel.	Put Your Hands Up in the Air!	Danzel
performer	``Bang This'' is a pop-R&B song released by American-Australian urban artist J-Wess as the lead single from his debut album, J-Wess Presents Tha LP (2004).	Bang This	J-Wess
performer	Break out the Battle Tapes is the debut album from Wired All Wrong, a duo made up of Matt Mahaffey of Self and Jeff Turzo of God Lives Underwater.	Break out the Battle Tapes	Wired All Wrong
performer	``Never (Past Tense)'' was a song recorded by the Roc Project and Tina Arena, it appeared on Tina's album Vous êtes toujours là.	Never (Past Tense)	Roc Project	Tina Arena
performer	``Yeah Yeah U Know It'' was the lead single released from Keith Murray's fourth album, He's Keith Murray.	Yeah Yeah U Know It	Keith Murray
performer	Slow Revival is the seventh album by contemporary Christian artist Bryan Duncan.	Slow Revival	Bryan Duncan
performer	``Damn U'' is a song by Prince and The New Power Generation from the 1992 Love Symbol album.	Damn U	Prince
performer	Keep It Hid is the debut solo album by the American blues-rock musician Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys, released in 2009 on Nonesuch Records.	Keep It Hid	Dan Auerbach
performer	Camp Lisa is a children's album by Lisa Loeb.	Camp Lisa	Lisa Loeb
performer	``Sure Gonna Miss Her'' is a song written by Bobby Russell and was recorded by Gary Lewis & the Playboys.	Sure Gonna Miss Her	Gary Lewis & the Playboys
performer	Tell Me When to Whoa is an EP by Bowling for Soup released in June 1998, and later re-released in 1999, on the local Denton music label FFROE.	Tell Me When to Whoa	Bowling for Soup
performer	Butcher the Weak is the second studio album by death metal band Devourment, originally released in 2005.	Butcher the Weak	Devourment
performer	Plenty, Plenty Soul is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1957 and released on the Atlantic label.	Plenty, Plenty Soul	Milt Jackson
performer	Parallel-a-Stitt (subtitled Sonny Stitt on the Varitone) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1967 and released on the Roulette label.	Parallel-a-Stitt	Sonny Stitt
performer	``De la capăt (All Over Again)'' (English: From the beginning (All over again)) is a song performed by Romanian band Voltaj.	De la capăt	Voltaj
performer	Eyrth, Wynd and Fyre is the seventh studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Cappadonna.	Eyrth, Wynd and Fyre	Cappadonna
performer	``Dancin on Me'' is a song by American rappers Jim Jones and DJ Webstar, from their first collaborative effort The Rooftop.	Dancin on Me	Jim Jones	DJ Webstar
performer	``Max 500'' is a CD (single) by the band Kent.	Max 500	Kent
performer	Halfway Tree is the second album by Jamaican reggae artist Damian Marley.	Halfway Tree	Damian Marley
performer	Lubov' Ogromnaya Strana (Love is a Huge Country) is a studio album by Russian rock band Vesyolye Rebyata.	Lubov' Ogromnaya Strana	Vesyolye Rebyata
performer	``Raining Blood'' is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer.	Raining Blood	Slayer
performer	Mi Fantasia (Eng.: ``My Fantasy'') is the eighth studio album released by Los Bukis in 1984.	Mi Fantasia	Los Bukis
performer	Keys of the Kingdom is the fourteenth album by the rock band The Moody Blues, released in 1991.	Keys of the Kingdom	The Moody Blues
performer	The unusually titled album, Halal & Loving It, was released in Malaysia, Brunei, and Singapore in the beginning of 2008 and contains many of One Buck Short's fun Punk Rock songs such as ``That Day'' and the singles, ``Fast Times'', ``10:04'' and ``Kelibat Korupsi''.	Halal & Loving It	One Buck Short
performer	Jim & Ingrid Croce is an album by American singer-songwriter Jim Croce and his wife Ingrid, released in 1969.	Jim & Ingrid Croce	Jim Croce
performer	Vanishing Vision is the debut studio album by the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan, then named X. It was released on April 14, 1988 by Extasy Records, topped the Oricon indies chart and reached number 19 on the main one.	Vanishing Vision	X Japan
performer	``You Are My Friend'' is a ballad co-written and recorded by American singer Patti LaBelle, released as the second single off her self-titled debut album, in 1978 on the Epic label.	You Are My Friend	Patti LaBelle
performer	The Freed Weed is a compilation album by the American indie rock band, Sebadoh.	The Freed Weed	Sebadoh
performer	``Love to Hate You'' is a song by Erasure which was released in 1991 as the second single from the duo's fifth studio album Chorus.	Love to Hate You	Erasure
performer	I've Got All the Heartaches I Can Handle is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb, released in 1973 (see 1973 in music).	I've Got All the Heartaches I Can Handle	Ernest Tubb
performer	``Welcome to the Pleasuredome'' is the title track to the 1984 debut album by Frankie Goes to Hollywood.	Welcome to the Pleasuredome	Frankie Goes to Hollywood
performer	``Fly Over States'' is a song written by Neil Thrasher and Michael Dulaney and recorded by American country music artist Jason Aldean.	Fly Over States	Jason Aldean
performer	White1 is the third album by Sunn O))).	White1	Sunn
performer	``Summarize'' is the first single released from Australian indie rock band Little Birdy's third studio album, Confetti.	Summarize	Little Birdy
performer	Our Colline's a Treasure is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Our Colline's a Treasure	Mal Waldron
performer	``Glamorous Indie Rock & Roll'' is a song from The Killers' UK and Australia editions of the album Hot Fuss, where it replaces ``Change Your Mind''.	Glamorous Indie Rock & Roll	The Killers
performer	This Thing Called Wantin' and Havin' It All is the title of the eleventh studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown.	This Thing Called Wantin' and Havin' It All	Sawyer Brown
performer	Grown Man Talk is a 2003 album from Hip Hop artist Diamond D, released through Diamond's own Diamond Mine imprint.	Grown Man Talk	Diamond D
performer	``A New Machine'', parts 1 and 2 are songs from Pink Floyd's 1987 album, A Momentary Lapse of Reason.	A New Machine	Pink Floyd
performer	``Not the Drinking'' is a song by Lauren Pritchard, released as the third single from her debut album Wasted in Jackson.	Not the Drinking	Lauren Pritchard
performer	Fire Wind is the second album released by Uli Roth's Electric Sun band.	Fire Wind	Electric Sun
performer	Celebrate! is the twelfth studio album by R&B/funk band, Kool & the Gang.	Celebrate!	Kool & the Gang
performer	Fear and Love is the debut LP by the San Diego rock band We Shot the Moon, made up of Jonathan Jones of Waking Ashland, and Dan Koch and Joe Greenetz both of Sherwood.	Fear and Love	We Shot the Moon
performer	A Real Live Dead One is a live album by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released in 1998.	A Real Live Dead One	Iron Maiden
performer	``Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart'' is a song by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots, featured on their third album, Tiny Music...	Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart	Stone Temple Pilots
performer	Skyscraping is an album by music group ABC, released in March 1997.	Skyscraping	ABC
performer	``You Don't Know How It Feels'' is a song and the lead single from Tom Petty's 1994 album Wildflowers.	You Don't Know How It Feels	Tom Petty
performer	``Death on Two Legs (Dedicated to...)'' is a song by British rock group Queen, and is the opening track on their fourth studio album A Night at the Opera.	Death on Two Legs (Dedicated to...)	Queen
performer	``Breakn' a Sweat'' is a song by American electronic music producer Skrillex.	Breakn' a Sweat	Skrillex
performer	``Bam Thwok'' is a 2004 download-only single by the American alternative rock band the Pixies.	Bam Thwok	Pixies
performer	This Is Not a New Album is the 2001 re-issue of San Diegan punk band Dogwood's 1998 self-released eponymous album.	This Is Not a New Album	Dogwood
performer	Subway Serenade was the second and final album released by the band Looking Glass.	Subway Serenade	Looking Glass
performer	Le Cimetière des arlequins is the second album by the French progressive rock band Ange, released in 1973.	Le Cimetière des arlequins	Ange
performer	Khayfa Minnak (Arabic: خايفة منك‎) is the first album by the Lebanese singer Aline Khalaf.	Khayfa Minnak	Aline Khalaf
performer	I Should Coco is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Supergrass, released through Parlophone in May 1995.	I Should Coco	Supergrass
performer	Au milieu de ma vie is the eighth studio album by Canadian singer Garou, and his ninth album overall.	Au milieu de ma vie	Garou
performer	Orchard Avenue is an EP by Christian parody band ApologetiX composed solely of parodies of songs by The Beatles.	Orchard Avenue	ApologetiX
performer	Into Night's Requiem Infernal is the seventh studio album by the American death-doom band Novembers Doom.	Into Night's Requiem Infernal	Novembers Doom
performer	Des Wahnsinns fette Beute (Fat Booty of Madness) is the eleventh album from the German band Oomph!.	Des Wahnsinns fette Beute	Oomph
performer	Nespáľme to krásne v nás (English: Let's Not Burn The Beauty In Us) is a song by Miro Žbirka and Marika Gombitová released on Universal in 2001.	Nespáľme to krásne v nás	Marika Gombitová
performer	``Nut Rocker'' is an instrumental rock single recorded by American instrumental ensemble B. Bumble and the Stingers that reached number 23 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in March 1962 and went to number 1 in the UK Singles Chart in May 1962.	Nut Rocker	B. Bumble and the Stingers
performer	No. 5 Collaborations Project is an extended play by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran.	No. 5 Collaborations Project	Ed Sheeran
performer	Shooting at the Sun is the sixth studio album by British hard rock band Thunder.	Shooting at the Sun	Thunder
performer	Miles of Eyes is the debut single released by Irish singer/songwriter Jimmy MacCarthy in 1981 under Mulligan Records.	Miles of Eyes	Jimmy MacCarthy
performer	Dress for Excess is the second album by British band Sigue Sigue Sputnik, released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).	Dress for Excess	Sigue Sigue Sputnik
performer	What If We is the second studio album by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath.	What If We	Brandon Heath
performer	``(We Don't Need This) Fascist Groove Thang'' is a song written and performed by British synthpop band Heaven 17.	(We Don't Need This) Fascist Groove Thang	Heaven 17
performer	Dirty Rotten Shame is an album by Ronnie Drew, released in 1995.	Dirty Rotten Shame	Ronnie Drew
performer	``Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)'' is the second single released from the American alternative metal band Deftones' second album, Around the Fur.	Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)	Deftones
performer	Miss Little Havana is a studio album by Cuban-American recording artist Gloria Estefan.	Miss Little Havana	Gloria Estefan
performer	``Rubber Duckie'' is a song sung by the Muppet character Ernie (voiced by Jim Henson) on Sesame Street.	Rubber Duckie	Ernie	Jim Henson
performer	Speaking of Now is an album by the Pat Metheny Group, released in 2002 by Warner Bros.	Speaking of Now	Pat Metheny Group
performer	``Got to Be Certain'' is a dance-pop song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Kylie Minogue from her debut studio album Kylie (1988).	Got to Be Certain	Kylie Minogue
performer	Whiskey for the Holy Ghost is the second solo album by former Screaming Trees vocalist Mark Lanegan.	Whiskey for the Holy Ghost	Mark Lanegan
performer	Shankar Family & Friends (stylised as Shankar Family Friends on the album cover) is an album by Indian musician Ravi Shankar, recorded primarily in Los Angeles during the spring of 1973, but not released until late 1974.	Shankar Family & Friends	Ravi Shankar
performer	El Ángel Caído is the third studio album by the Power metal band Avalanch and the last one featuring Víctor García, released in 2001.	El Ángel Caído	Avalanch
performer	The Blood-Splat Rating System is the debut studio album of American rock band Powerman 5000.	The Blood-Splat Rating System	Powerman 5000
performer	Kakvo tijelo Selma ima (English: What A Body Selma Has) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian pop-folk singer Selma Bajrami.	Kakvo tijelo Selma ima	Selma Bajrami
performer	Bows + Arrows is the second album by The Walkmen, released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).	Bows + Arrows	The Walkmen
performer	The Swining is a 1993 album released by Raymond Watts (as PIG).	The Swining	Raymond Watts
performer	Feeding the Gods is the sixth solo album by New Zealand singer/songwriter Tim Finn.	Feeding the Gods	Tim Finn
performer	Selvagem? (Portuguese for ``Savage?'') is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.	Selvagem?	Os Paralamas do Sucesso
performer	``38 Years Old'' is a song by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip, released as a single from the band's second studio album, Up to Here.	38 Years Old	The Tragically Hip
performer	Mercy (Dancing for the Death of an Imaginary Enemy) is the band Ours' third major label release.	Dancing for the Death of an Imaginary Enemy	Ours
performer	Crystal Silence is an album by Chick Corea and Gary Burton.	Crystal Silence	Chick Corea
performer	The Age of Plastic is the debut studio album written, produced and performed by British new wave duo The Buggles, composed of Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes.	The Age of Plastic	The Buggles
performer	Live Cannibalism is a live album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse, released in 2000 through Metal Blade Records.	Live Cannibalism	Cannibal Corpse
performer	Isterico (in English ``Hysterical'') is the first demo of the Italian punk rock band Punkreas.	Isterico	Punkreas
performer	``Heavy Music'' is a song first released as a single by Bob Seger & The Last Heard.	Heavy Music	Bob Seger
performer	Stuck Together with God's Glue was Something Happens' second studio album with Petrol (Hello,Hello) making it number 40 in NME's singles of the year in 1990.	Stuck Together with God's Glue	Something Happens
performer	Show Some Emotion is a studio album by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading, released in 1977 on A&M.	Show Some Emotion	Joan Armatrading
performer	Feelin' Groovy is the debut album by the American sunshine pop band Harpers Bizarre, released in 1967.	Feelin' Groovy	Harpers Bizarre
performer	In his 2001 book The Stranglers Song By Song, Hugh Cornwell states ``'Golden Brown' works on two levels.	Golden Brown	The Stranglers
performer	Money and Celebrity is the third studio album by English trio The Subways, produced by Stephen Street.	Money and Celebrity	The Subways
performer	``Warum werde ich nicht satt?'' (roughly Why am I not satisfied?) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Warum werde ich nicht satt?	Die Toten Hosen
performer	Let's Go Scare Al was the first album recorded by the Austin, Minnesota band the Gear Daddies.	Let's Go Scare Al	Gear Daddies
performer	``Stand Up (For the Champions)'' is a song by British band Right Said Fred from their album Stand Up in 2002.	Stand Up (For the Champions)	Right Said Fred
performer	Learn to Live is the second studio album and the first country album by American country artist, Darius Rucker.	Learn to Live	Darius Rucker
performer	``Rum and Raybans'' is a song by American recording artist Sean Kingston, featuring vocals from British singer Cher Lloyd.	Rum and Raybans	Sean Kingston	Cher Lloyd
performer	Write Your Own History is a compilation of B-sides and previously unreleased material by the Sunderland band Field Music.	Write Your Own History	Field Music
performer	Surface Paradise is the second full length album by Melbourne band Root!, released on July 24, 2009.	Surface Paradise	Root
performer	Skúsime to cez vesmír (which translates to Flying through the Universe) is the second album by Slovak rock band Tublatanka released in 1987 by Opus Records.	Skúsime to cez vesmír	Tublatanka
performer	``Moody's Mood for Love'' is a 1952 song by Eddie Jefferson, whose melody is derived from an improvised solo by jazz saxophonist James Moody on a 1949 recording of the 1935 song ``I'm in the Mood for Love''.	Moody's Mood for Love	James Moody
performer	``Little Girl (With Blue Eyes)'' is a non-album single by British band Pulp, released in 1985.	Little Girl (With Blue Eyes)	Pulp
performer	Harajuku Dance Rock is an EP released by An Cafe on March 13, 2009.	Harajuku Dance Rock	An Cafe
performer	Descendre is the ninth album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.	Descendre	Terje Rypdal
performer	On Top of Our Game is the 2nd studio album by Dem Franchize Boyz, released on February 7, 2006.	On Top of Our Game	Dem Franchize Boyz
performer	``Motorpsycho Nitemare'', also known as ``Motorpsycho Nightmare'', is an early song written by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.	Motorpsycho Nitemare	Bob Dylan
performer	Carolina Dreams, released in 1977, was The Marshall Tucker Band's sixth album and an ode to the band's home state, South Carolina, USA.	Carolina Dreams	The Marshall Tucker Band
performer	``Rocketship 2010'' is the seventh single released by the band Shiny Toy Guns.	Rocketship 2010	Shiny Toy Guns
performer	Banditi di Praga Turné 2011 is the third live album and fifth live DVD by the Czech hard rock band Kabát, released on November 14, 2011.	Banditi di Praga Turné 2011	Kabát
performer	The Final Separation is the second album by the Italian black/speed metal band, Bulldozer, released in 1986.	The Final Separation	Bulldozer
performer	SubHuman is the fourth EP and sixth studio release by Recoil.	SubHuman	Recoil
performer	Eyes Set Against the Sun is the third full-length album by the electronic artist Mira Calix.	Eyes Set Against the Sun	Mira Calix
performer	Good News for People Who Love Bad News is the fourth full-length album recorded by alternative rock band Modest Mouse.	Good News for People Who Love Bad News	Modest Mouse
performer	Darker Circles is a 2010 album by Canadian alt-country group The Sadies.	Darker Circles	The Sadies
performer	``Who's Johnny'' is a hit recorded by El DeBarge.	Who's Johnny	El DeBarge
performer	Ultimate Kylie is the ninth greatest hits album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue, and her first greatest hits released under her contract with Parlophone, her record company since 2000.	Ultimate Kylie	Kylie Minogue
performer	Good to Be Back is a 1989 album by American singer Natalie Cole.	Good to Be Back	Natalie Cole
performer	Shaday is an album by Israeli singer Ofra Haza, released in 1988.	Shaday	Ofra Haza
performer	``It's the Falling in Love'' is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson with guest vocals by R&B singer--songwriter Patti Austin.	It's the Falling in Love	Michael Jackson	Patti Austin
performer	Midnight Mushrumps is the second studio album made by the band Gryphon.	Midnight Mushrumps	Gryphon
performer	Una Lágrima No Basta (Eng.: A Tear Is Not Enough) is a studio album released by the romantic music band Los Temerarios.	Una Lágrima No Basta	Los Temerarios
performer	``History Never Repeats'' was a single written by Neil Finn and recorded by Split Enz for their 1981 Waiata album.	History Never Repeats	Split Enz
performer	``Watagatapitusberry'' is a collaborative effort by Black Point with American recording artist Pitbull, released on March 9, 2010 as the lead single from his fifth studio album, Armando (2010).	Watagatapitusberry	Black Point	Pitbull
performer	Música de Rua (Portuguese for Street music) is the third album by Brazilian axé and MPB singer Daniela Mercury, released in 1994 in Brazil and on October 11, 1994 in North America and Europe through Sony Music.	Música de Rua	Daniela Mercury
performer	``Five Long Years'' is a song written and recorded by blues vocalist/pianist Eddie Boyd in 1952.	Five Long Years	Eddie Boyd
performer	``If You Keep Losing Sleep'' is a song by Australian band Silverchair from their fifth album Young Modern, released on 9 October 2007.	If You Keep Losing Sleep	Silverchair
performer	``Whirring'' is a song by the Welsh alternative rock band The Joy Formidable.	Whirring	The Joy Formidable
performer	An Ideal for Living is the debut EP by English post-punk band Joy Division.	An Ideal for Living	Joy Division
performer	I'm Going Away is The Fiery Furnaces' eighth album.	I'm Going Away	The Fiery Furnaces
performer	Sacrifist is the second album of the Bill Laswell led project Praxis, released in 1993 on Laswell's label Subharmonic.	Sacrifist	Praxis
performer	``Rise Above This'' is the second single from Seether's album Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces.	Rise Above This	Seether
performer	Utopia Banished is the fourth album by the UK band Napalm Death.	Utopia Banished	Napalm Death
performer	``Boom Boom Boogie'' is a 1997 single (1996 in Japan) from Canadian reggae recording artist Snow's third album, Justuss.	Boom Boom Boogie	Snow
performer	Such Winters of Memory is an album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.	Such Winters of Memory	John Surman
performer	Suture and Other Songs is a compilation CD of the Suture LP and Signal 7`` by the band Four Hundred Years.	Suture and Other Songs	Four Hundred Years
performer	Freedom Blues is the third album from Jamaican reggae musician Jah Cure.	Freedom Blues	Jah Cure
performer	``Rock with You'' is a song written by British songwriter Rod Temperton and recorded by American recording artist Michael Jackson.	Rock with You	Michael Jackson
performer	``You Saved My Soul'' is a 1981 single by Canadian musician Burton Cummings, from the 1981 album Sweet Sweet.	You Saved My Soul	Burton Cummings
performer	Fueler is a solo album by Ratt singer Stephen Pearcy.	Fueler	Stephen Pearcy
performer	Book I is a collaboration album by Pastor Troy and The Congregation, which was released in 2000.	Book I	Pastor Troy
performer	Danny!'s second instrumental hip hop album, Dream, Fulfilled, was released on April 23, 2007 (see 2007 in music) under the American rapper/producer's 1911 Music/Badenov Records imprint.	Dream, Fulfilled	Danny
performer	Two Souls in One is the debut album by American saxophonist George Braith recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.	Two Souls in One	George Braith
performer	Circles Around the Sun is a 2012 album by United States indie/roots folk band Dispatch.	Circles Around the Sun	Dispatch
performer	No Tears for the Creatures is the third and final studio album from UK metalcore band, Johnny Truant.	No Tears for the Creatures	Johnny Truant
performer	``More Than Words'' is a ballad written and originally performed by American rock band Extreme.	More Than Words	Extreme
performer	``Sweetest Girl (Dollar Bill)'' is the lead single from Haitian American rapper Wyclef Jean's sixth studio album, Carnival Vol. II:	Sweetest Girl (Dollar Bill)	Wyclef Jean
performer	Still Ghetto is the second album from R&B singer Jaheim.	Still Ghetto	Jaheim
performer	Sou Ni Tilé is an album by Malian duo Amadou & Mariam, released in 1999.	Sou Ni Tilé	Amadou & Mariam
performer	``Pubs, Parks, Theatres, Clubs, Church Halls, Gardens, Lounges & Band Rotundas'' is a 2006 album by New Zealand band Th' Dudes.	Pubs, Parks, Theatres, Clubs, Church Halls, Gardens, Lounges & Band Rotundas	Th' Dudes
performer	``I Have a Special Plan for This World'' is a longform single by the English band Current 93.	I Have a Special Plan for This World	Current 93
performer	``Tajomstvo hier'' (English: The Secret of the Games) is a song by the band Modus with lead vocals by Janko Lehotský and Marika Gombitová.	Tajomstvo hier	Marika Gombitová
performer	``Think (About It)'' is a funk song recorded by Lyn Collins and released as a single on James Brown's People Records in 1972.	Think (About It)	Lyn Collins
performer	``Back 'n Blue'' is a song by American rock band Cheap Trick, released as the fourth single from their 1990 album Busted.	Back 'n Blue	Cheap Trick
performer	``The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie'' is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers' tenth album I'm with You and was the first single released from the album.	The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	What We Made is the debut studio album released by British recording artist Example.	What We Made	Example
performer	Blood of Saints is the third album from Swedish melodic death metal/industrial band Engel.	Blood of Saints	Engel
performer	Ovaj zid stoji krivo (On One Side is this Wall Bended) is the second studio album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Tom Tom Music in 1991.	Ovaj zid stoji krivo	Obojeni Program
performer	Lapit (Filipino, ``Come Closer'') is the third studio album by Filipina singer-composer Yeng Constantino.	Lapit	Yeng Constantino
performer	Designing a Nervous Breakdown is the first full-length album released by the Lawrence, Kansas emo band The Anniversary.	Designing a Nervous Breakdown	The Anniversary
performer	Two Tenors is an album credited to jazz musicians John Coltrane and Hank Mobley, released in 1969 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7670.	Two Tenors	John Coltrane
performer	``Freefallin'' is a song performed by Australian singer-songwriter, Zoë Badwi.	Freefallin	Zoë Badwi
performer	``The Fields of Love'' is a single released by ATB from his album Two Worlds.	The Fields of Love	ATB
performer	``Soul by the Pound'' is the third single from rapper Common's 1992 debut album, Can I Borrow a Dollar?.	Soul by the Pound	Common
performer	``No Se Me Hace Fácil'' (English: It's Not Easy For Me) is a song written by Gian Marco, recorded by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández, and released as the third single from Viento a Favor.	No Se Me Hace Fácil	Alejandro Fernández
performer	Envaatnags Eflos Solf Esgantaavne is the fourth full-length studio album released by the black metal band Horna.	Envaatnags Eflos Solf Esgantaavne	Horna
performer	The Curious City is Modey Lemon's third album and was the first to be recorded with the current line-up.	The Curious City	Modey Lemon
performer	``Meant to Live'' is a single by alternative rock band Switchfoot.	Meant to Live	Switchfoot
performer	High Won-High Two is the second studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell.	High Won-High Two	Dave Burrell
performer	Good Trouble is the tenth studio album by REO Speedwagon, released in 1982 as a follow-up to Hi Infidelity.	Good Trouble	REO Speedwagon
performer	We Are the Void is the ninth full-length studio album by Swedish, melodeath band, Dark Tranquillity.	We Are the Void	Dark Tranquillity
performer	``Warm and Beautiful'' is a song credited to Paul and Linda McCartney that was first released by Wings on their 1976 album Wings at the Speed of Sound.	Warm and Beautiful	Wings
performer	``I Can Dream About You'' is a song performed by American singer Dan Hartman on the soundtrack album of the film Streets of Fire.	I Can Dream About You	Dan Hartman
performer	Lula Divinia is the second full-length album by American post-hardcore band Shiner.	Lula Divinia	Shiner
performer	Entering a New Ride is a downloadable album by Big Audio Dynamite, led by former Clash band member Mick Jones.	Entering a New Ride	Big Audio Dynamite
performer	``Never a Time'' is the fifth track from the Genesis album We Can't Dance.	Never a Time	Genesis
performer	Inside the Hollow is the second album by the Canadian all-girl rock band Lillix, released in Canada on 29 August 2006 and Japan on 6 September 2006.	Inside the Hollow	Lillix
performer	``We R Who We R'' (abbreviation for ``We Are Who We Are'') is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha from her first extended play (EP), Cannibal (2010).	We R Who We R	Kesha
performer	``Hold On to the Nights'' is a power ballad and number-one hit for American rock singer/songwriter/musician Richard Marx.	Hold On to the Nights	Richard Marx
performer	Remix & Repent is a five-track EP from the Rock band Marilyn Manson.	Remix & Repent	Marilyn Manson
performer	Trio (Victoriaville) 2007 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 2007 and released on the Victo label.	Trio (Victoriaville) 2007	Anthony Braxton
performer	Kinetic Faith is the fourth album by the American heavy metal band Bride, released in 1991.	Kinetic Faith	Bride
performer	They Call Me Mr. Kane is the third studio album by American rapper Kokane, released November 16, 1999 on Eureka Records.	They Call Me Mr. Kane	Kokane
performer	A Token of the Wreckage is the third studio album and fourth overall release by American independent singer Megan Slankard, released on March 8, 2011.	A Token of the Wreckage	Megan Slankard
performer	Bedlam Born is the 16th studio album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span.	Bedlam Born	Steeleye Span
performer	I Threw You Away is the 32nd album by Jandek, and one of two released in 2002.	I Threw You Away	Jandek
performer	Long Time Comin' is the fourth studio album by the American country music band Shenandoah.	Long Time Comin'	Shenandoah
performer	``All Torn Down'' was the third single taken from Australian rock group, The Living End's debut self-titled album.	All Torn Down	The Living End
performer	Crappin' You Negative is the third full-length album from The Grifters and was released on Shangri-La Records.	Crappin' You Negative	Grifters
performer	``You Lied'' is a track originally performed by British progressive metal band Peach.	You Lied	Peach
performer	``Thirtysixtwentyfive'' is the debut single from Kieran Hebden's solo project, Four Tet.	Thirtysixtwentyfive	Four Tet
performer	``Judas Rising'' is a song by heavy metal band Judas Priest.	Judas Rising	Judas Priest
performer	``Yorokobi no Uta'' (喜びの歌 in Japanese text, translates to ``Song of Joy'') is the fourth overall single by Japanese boy band, KAT-TUN, and the first from their third studio album, KAT-TUN III:	Yorokobi no Uta	KAT-TUN
performer	Point 3 is the collective title of the third and fourth studio albums by British ambient dance band System 7.	Point 3	System 7
performer	``So Fresh, So Clean'' is the third and final single to be released from Outkast's fourth studio album, Stankonia.	So Fresh, So Clean	Outkast
performer	Paper Canyon is the debut studio album by English post-rock band Codes in the Clouds.	Paper Canyon	Codes in the Clouds
performer	Zeno Beach is a rock album by Australian band Radio Birdman released in June 2006.	Zeno Beach	Radio Birdman
performer	Reroute to Remain (Subtitled: Fourteen Songs of Conscious Insanity & on The Reissue: Fourteen Songs of Conscious Madness) is the sixth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames.	Reroute to Remain	In Flames
performer	Voices from the Sky (央金玛) is the third studio album by Chinese singer Dadawa.	Voices from the Sky	Dadawa
performer	Jumping the Creek is an album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd, recorded in January 2004 by Lloyd with Geri Allen, Robert Hurst and Eric Harland.	Jumping the Creek	Charles Lloyd
performer	Flying Again is a studio album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers, released in 1975.	Flying Again	The Flying Burrito Brothers
performer	MiXXXes of the Molé is a remix album by industrial metal band Ministry.	MiXXXes of the Molé	Ministry
performer	Nashville Rehearsals is an album of studio sessions and rehearsals by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in November 2000.	Nashville Rehearsals	King Crimson
performer	Io tu noi tutti (Me you us everybody) is the tenth album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti.	Io tu noi tutti	Lucio Battisti
performer	Long Line is the fourth solo album by Peter Wolf, released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).	Long Line	Peter Wolf
performer	Bad Boys Bound is the second studio album by Japanese band Tokio.	Bad Boys Bound	Tokio
performer	Tragedy Again is D.I.'s fourth full-length studio album, which was released in 1989.	Tragedy Again	D.I.
performer	``Ángel de Amor'' (English: Angel of Love) is the first radio single and Eleventh track from Maná's sixth studio album, Revolución de Amor (2002).	Ángel de Amor	Maná
performer	Gongland is the eighth studio album by New-age band Forrest Fang.	Gongland	Forrest Fang
performer	Sister Sweetly was the third album by Colorado rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters, released in 1993.	Sister Sweetly	Big Head Todd and the Monsters
performer	Dream of the Elders is the sole release by this line-up of the Dave Holland Quartet.	Dream of the Elders	Dave Holland
performer	Action & Action is the second single from Kansas City, Missouri band The Get Up Kids' album Something to Write Home About.	Action & Action	The Get Up Kids
performer	Future Profits is the debut album by rap duo, Blood of Abraham.	Future Profits	Blood of Abraham
performer	Welcome to Jamrock is a Grammy-winning reggae album by Damian Marley.	Welcome to Jamrock	Damian Marley
performer	Clonakilty Cowboys is the first album by the English-Irish folk rock band The Noel Redding Band.	Clonakilty Cowboys	The Noel Redding Band
performer	Infected Nations is the second album by the English thrash metal band Evile.	Infected Nations	Evile
performer	Three Sides Live is the third live album by the English rock band Genesis, released in 1982.	Three Sides Live	Genesis
performer	Beethoven or Bust, Music of Beethoven as realized by Don Dorsey on digital and other authentic period synthesizers.	Beethoven or Bust	Don Dorsey
performer	Eternal Devastation is the second full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction.	Eternal Devastation	Destruction
performer	Spleen and Ideal is the second studio album by Australian musical act Dead Can Dance.	Spleen and Ideal	Dead Can Dance
performer	3rd Ward Stepper is the third album released by rapper, Skull Duggery.	3rd Ward Stepper	Skull Duggery
performer	``Kentish Town Waltz'' is a song by Irish rockabilly singer Imelda May.	Kentish Town Waltz	Imelda May
performer	``37 Stitches'' is a power ballad by the rock band Drowning Pool and the third single from their third studio album Full Circle.	37 Stitches	Drowning Pool
performer	``Love's a Loaded Gun'' is a single by heavy metal singer Alice Cooper, taken from the 1991 album Hey Stoopid.	Love's a Loaded Gun	Alice Cooper
performer	Climate of Hunter is the eleventh studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker.	Climate of Hunter	Scott Walker
performer	Hi Infidelity is the ninth studio album by REO Speedwagon, released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).	Hi Infidelity	REO Speedwagon
performer	Blueprint for Discovery is the only album recorded by producer and arranger Jerry Peters.	Blueprint for Discovery	Jerry Peters
performer	``Move Ya Body'' is a song recorded by American duo Nina Sky.	Move Ya Body	Nina Sky
performer	Hey Hey Michael You're Really Fantastic was the second single released by Rachel Stamp through WEA.	Hey Hey Michael You're Really Fantastic	Rachel Stamp
performer	``A Lover's Concerto'' is a pop song, written by American songwriters Sandy Linzer and Denny Randell and recorded in 1965 by The Toys.	A Lover's Concerto	The Toys
performer	Modern Guilt is the eighth official studio album and eleventh overall by American alternative artist Beck.	Modern Guilt	Beck
performer	For Octavio Paz is the sixth album release from Six Organs of Admittance, released in 2003.	For Octavio Paz	Six Organs of Admittance
performer	Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest is the third full-length album released by metalcore band Zao on Solid State/Tooth & Nail.	Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest	Zao
performer	Sewn Together is the Meat Puppets' twelfth full-length studio album, released on May 12, 2009, both on CD and vinyl.	Sewn Together	Meat Puppets
performer	``Anapandites Kliseis'' (Unanswered calls) is the first single from Elena Paparizou as a solo singer.	Anapandites Kliseis	Elena Paparizou
performer	``Until the Last Day'' is the forty-first single of Japanese solo artist Gackt, released on February 22, 2012.	Until the Last Day	Gackt
performer	Sila Uma (Power of the mind) is fourth and most acclaimed album from Saint Petersburg band Kirpichi.	Sila Uma	Kirpichi
performer	About Thieves, Farmers, Tramps and Policemen is the first full-length album by the Italian band Zen Circus, released in 1998 by Iceforeveryone.	About Thieves, Farmers, Tramps and Policemen	Zen Circus
performer	1978 December is the fifth studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Sonia Leigh.	1978 December	Sonia Leigh
performer	Violence Violence is the debut full length album from American hardcore punk band Ceremony.	Violence Violence	Ceremony
performer	Freak Flag is an album by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown, released in 2011.	Freak Flag	Greg Brown
performer	``Be Strong'' is a pop ballad written by Bridget Benenate, Matthew Gerrard, and Delta Goodrem, produced by Gerrard for Goodrem's second album Mistaken Identity (2004).	Be Strong	Delta Goodrem
performer	Vision Towards Essence is a live album of solo piano by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Pi Recordings label in 2007.	Vision Towards Essence	Muhal Richard Abrams
performer	``Can't Help Falling in Love'' is a pop ballad originally recorded by American singer Elvis Presley and published by Gladys Music, Elvis Presley's publishing company.	Can't Help Falling in Love	Elvis Presley
performer	Slaughter of the Soul is the fourth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band At the Gates, released on November 14, 1995.	Slaughter of the Soul	At the Gates
performer	El Vals del Obrero is an album by the Spanish ska punk band Ska-P, released on March 21, 1996.	El Vals del Obrero	Ska-P
performer	``Waiting for an Alibi'' is a song by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy, and the first single from their 1979 album, Black Rose:	Waiting for an Alibi	Thin Lizzy
performer	We Are the Same is the eleventh full-length studio album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip, released April 7, 2009 on Universal Music Canada, and by Zoë Records in the United States.	We Are the Same	The Tragically Hip
performer	Kati Simveni (Greek: Κάτι Συμβαίνει; English: Something's Happening) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi.	Kati Simveni	Anna Vissi
performer	``My Baby Loves Lovin''' was the top selling single for the group White Plains.	My Baby Loves Lovin'	White Plains
performer	``Moving on Stereo'' was the second single hit by French DJ Pakito, from his debut album Video.	Moving on Stereo	Pakito
performer	From the Wrong Side of the Aperture is the second studio album of the Serbian metal band Draconic.	From the Wrong Side of the Aperture	Draconic
performer	Full of Elevating Pleasures is the fourth studio album by the Japanese electronica/rock band, Boom Boom Satellites.	Full of Elevating Pleasures	Boom Boom Satellites
performer	``Dog Days Are Over'' is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their debut album Lungs (2009).	Dog Days Are Over	Florence and the Machine
performer	``Can't Find My Way Home'' is a song written by Steve Winwood which was first released by Blind Faith on their 1969 album Blind Faith.	Can't Find My Way Home	Blind Faith
performer	Living in the USA is a 1978 album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt.	Living in the USA	Linda Ronstadt
performer	Helvetios is the fifth full-length album by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie.	Helvetios	Eluveitie
performer	Sentimentally Yours is the third studio album by American country music singer, Patsy Cline, released August 7, 1962.	Sentimentally Yours	Patsy Cline
performer	``Country Must Be Country Wide'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country rock artist Brantley Gilbert.	Country Must Be Country Wide	Brantley Gilbert
performer	October Language is an album by Belong, released in on 7 February 2006.	October Language	Belong
performer	Shapes and Patterns is a 1997 album by the British pop group Swing Out Sister.	Shapes and Patterns	Swing Out Sister
performer	The New Continent is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie's Big Band featuring performances arranged and composed by Lalo Schifrin and conducted by Benny Carter recorded in 1962 and released on the Limelight label.	The New Continent	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	``My Melody of Love'' is the title of a popular song from 1974 (see 1974 in music) by the American singer Bobby Vinton.	My Melody of Love	Bobby Vinton
performer	Let Sleeping Dogs... is an album released under the name The Dogs D'Amour in 2005.	Let Sleeping Dogs...	The Dogs D'Amour
performer	``Beat on My Drum'' is a song by Italian DJ Gabry Ponte.	Beat on My Drum	Gabry Ponte
performer	D-Trick is the second solo album by Daisuke Asakura, as well as the last solo album released by him before he joined the popular J-pop group Access.	D-Trick	Daisuke Asakura
performer	``Hot Like Fire'' is a song written by Missy Elliott and Tim ``Timbaland'' Mosley for Aaliyah's second album, One in a Million (see 1996 in music).	Hot Like Fire	Timbaland	Aaliyah
performer	Newpower Soul is a 1998 album by The New Power Generation, but is a de facto Prince album (his stage name at that time being an unpronounceable symbol).	Newpower Soul	The New Power Generation
performer	Plunder, Beg and Curse is Colour Revolt's first full-length release, as well as the last to feature bassist Patrick Addison, drummer Len Clark, and guitarist Jimmy Cajoleas in the lineup.	Plunder, Beg and Curse	Colour Revolt
performer	No Average Angel is the second studio album by American singer Tiffany Giardina.	No Average Angel	Tiffany Giardina
performer	One Nite Alone... is the twenty-fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince.	One Nite Alone...	Prince
performer	In Moderation is the second studio album by 8stops7 and the major label debut for the band.	In Moderation	8stops7
performer	To the 5 Boroughs is the sixth studio album by the Beastie Boys.	To the 5 Boroughs	Beastie Boys
performer	``Sitting Down Here'' is a pop song written by Norwegian singer-songwriter Lene Marlin for Marlin's 1999 debut album, Playing My Game.	Sitting Down Here	Lene Marlin
performer	``Save Your Heart for Me'' is most well known by a version recorded in 1965 by American pop group Gary Lewis & the Playboys and appears on the group's 1965 album A Session with Gary Lewis and the Playboys.	Save Your Heart for Me	Gary Lewis & the Playboys	Gary Lewis and the Playboys
performer	Andriki Kolonia (Male Cologne) is the second album recorded by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou.	Andriki Kolonia	Elli Kokkinou
performer	Réalistes is the fourth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.	Réalistes	Comet Gain
performer	Skeptics Apocalypse is the debut album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel.	Skeptics Apocalypse	Agent Steel
performer	Vox Cycle is a six compositions or independent movement cycle for four amplified voices, and electroacoustic music by Trevor Wishart, composed between 1980 and 1988, associated with extended vocal techniques and the contemporary vocal composition.	Vox Cycle	Trevor Wishart
performer	Say It Loud! is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1968 and featuring Donaldson with Blue Mitchell, Charles Earland, Jimmy Ponder, and Leo Morris.	Say It Loud!	Lou Donaldson
performer	The Vigil is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released sixth of August 2013.	The Vigil	Chick Corea
performer	Dick's Picks Volume 24 is the 24th installment of the popular Grateful Dead archival series.	Dick's Picks Volume 24	Grateful Dead
performer	``All Things Go'' is a song by Trinidadian-born recording artist Nicki Minaj from her third studio album, The Pinkprint (2014).	All Things Go	Nicki Minaj
performer	``Opposites Attract'' is a song recorded by Paula Abdul, featured on her debut album Forever Your Girl.	Opposites Attract	Paula Abdul
performer	Fate's Right Hand is the eleventh studio album by American country music singer Rodney Crowell.	Fate's Right Hand	Rodney Crowell
performer	``We Take the Chance'' is a single by the German synthpop duo Modern Talking, released in 1998 as a single.	We Take the Chance	Modern Talking
performer	Infektio is the thirty-fifth album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle.	Infektio	Circle
performer	Emily Fitch is a fictional character in the television series Skins, played by Kathryn Prescott.	Emily Fitch	Kathryn Prescott
performer	N-Plants is an ambient album of Biosphere.	N-Plants	Biosphere
performer	Shake the Sheets is the fourth album by the Washington, D.C. rock band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists, released in 2004 by Lookout!	Shake the Sheets	Ted Leo and the Pharmacists
performer	Total 13 is the second album by the Swedish Punk Rock band Backyard Babies.	Total 13	Backyard Babies
performer	Para Siempre (Forever) is the 79th studio album released by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández on September 18, 2007 by Sony BMG Norte.	Para Siempre	Vicente Fernández
performer	``A Bay Bay'' is a song by American rapper Hurricane Chris from his debut studio album 51/50 Ratchet.	A Bay Bay	Hurricane Chris
performer	The Halls of Eternity is Ancient's fourth full-length release.	The Halls of Eternity	Ancient
performer	``Needin' U'' is a house record written and produced by David Morales, under the pseudonym David Morales Presents The Face.	Needin' U	David Morales
performer	'Como los peces' is the third studio album of Carlos Varela, released in 1995	Como los peces	Carlos Varela
performer	A Rise to Power is the third album from Australian heavy metal band Dungeon.	A Rise to Power	Dungeon
performer	Sea Airs is a piano album written by rock musician Rick Wakeman and released in 1989.	Sea Airs	Rick Wakeman
performer	Come On Primates Show Your Teeth! (often shortened to Come On Primates!) is Frog Pocket's (AKA John Charles Wilson) 3rd album, released in 2007.	Come On Primates Show Your Teeth!	Frog Pocket
performer	Habitaciones Extrañas is the third album of Enanitos Verdes published on 1987.	Habitaciones Extrañas	Enanitos Verdes
performer	``Stay in My Corner'' is a 1965 soul (music) song by The Dells.	Stay in My Corner	The Dells
performer	I Can't Stop Dancing is a 1968 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells, released by the record label Atlantic.	I Can't Stop Dancing	Archie Bell & the Drells
performer	``Frontier Psychiatrist'' is a song by Australian electronic dance music group The Avalanches.	Frontier Psychiatrist	The Avalanches
performer	Drop-dead is the ninth full-length studio album of the band The Violet Burning.	Drop-dead	The Violet Burning
performer	``Love People'' is the sixth album including ``Christmas with The Jets'' recorded with Liberty Park Records by the family group The Jets.	Love People	The Jets
performer	Clown Prince of the Menthol Trailer is a 1994 EP by Guided by Voices.	Clown Prince of the Menthol Trailer	Guided by Voices
performer	One Time for All Time is the second album by the instrumental post-rock band 65daysofstatic, released on October 24, 2005 on Monotreme.	One Time for All Time	65daysofstatic
performer	``Hole in My Shoe'' is a song by English rock band Traffic which as a single release reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart and number 22 in the German charts, in 1967.	Hole in My Shoe	Traffic
performer	2 Stepz Ahead is the second album by Oxide & Neutrino, released on 30 September 2002.	2 Stepz Ahead	Oxide & Neutrino
performer	Beyond Appearances is the thirteenth studio album by Santana, released in 1985 (see 1985 in music).	Beyond Appearances	Santana
performer	Dept. of Disappearance is the second solo studio album by American indie rock musician Jason Lytle.	Dept. of Disappearance	Jason Lytle
performer	``I Don't Have the Heart'' is the title of a No. 1 hit song that was written by Allan Rich and Jud Friedman and recorded by American R&B recording artist James Ingram.	I Don't Have the Heart	James Ingram
performer	``Ways to an End'' is the third studio single by British synthpop band Mirrors.	Ways to an End	Mirrors
performer	Illegal Business? 2000 is the 3rd studio album by rapper Mac Mall.	Illegal Business? 2000	Mac Mall
performer	Es war die Nacht der ersten Liebe (English: It Was The Night of The First Love) is a German ballad by singer Thomas Anders.	Es war die Nacht der ersten Liebe	Thomas Anders
performer	``Hands of Death (Burn Baby Burn)'' is a song created and sung by Rob Zombie and Alice Cooper which can be found on the Songs in the Key of X:	Hands of Death (Burn Baby Burn)	Rob Zombie	Alice Cooper
performer	Feels So Right is Alabama's fifth studio album for RCA Nashville, released in 1981.	Feels So Right	Alabama
performer	Depresīvā pilsēta is the fifth album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki, released through magnitizdat in 1986, and 'officially' as late as 2007.	Depresīvā pilsēta	Dzeltenie Pastnieki
performer	Tear Ourselves Away is the first full-length LP by San Francisco-based indie rock band LoveLikeFire.	Tear Ourselves Away	LoveLikeFire
performer	Gooden's Corner is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1961 and released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1980.	Gooden's Corner	Grant Green
performer	Rage in Eden is the fifth album by the British new wave band Ultravox.	Rage in Eden	Ultravox
performer	To Wish You a Merry Christmas is an album by Harry Belafonte Recorded May 27, 31, June 1, 3 and 8 of 1958 in Hollywood.	To Wish You a Merry Christmas	Harry Belafonte
performer	Find Me/Blessed Are the Lost Ones is the second album by Dave Hensman released on the Big Sky Music label.	Find Me/Blessed Are the Lost Ones	Dave Hensman
performer	Healing Hands of Time is a 1994 album by country singer Willie Nelson.	Healing Hands of Time	Willie Nelson
performer	Dressing Up the Idiot (1997) was the only album by the band Prunella Scales.	Dressing Up the Idiot	Prunella Scales
performer	``Struggle No More (The Main Event)'' is a collaborative soundtrack single by Anthony Hamilton, Jaheim, and Musiq Soulchild.	Struggle No More (The Main Event)	Anthony Hamilton	Jaheim	Musiq Soulchild
performer	``Mi Chico Latino'' (English: ``My Latin Boy''), is a song recorded by English singer Geri Halliwell for her debut solo album Schizophonic (1999).	Mi Chico Latino	Geri Halliwell
performer	Tomorrow Blue is the second album by the Swiss rock band Toad released in 1972.	Tomorrow Blue	Toad
performer	Dangerously in Love is the debut solo studio album by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé.	Dangerously in Love	Beyoncé
performer	``Kitto Eien ni'' is pop singer Crystal Kay's nineteenth single.	Kitto Eien ni	Crystal Kay
performer	Shouldn't a Told You That is the third studio album by American country band Dixie Chicks, released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).	Shouldn't a Told You That	Dixie Chicks
performer	Disfarmer is the 21st album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Nonesuch label.	Disfarmer	Bill Frisell
performer	``Festival Song'' is the fourth and final single taken from Good Charlotte's self-titled debut album Good Charlotte.	Festival Song	Good Charlotte
performer	Real People / Wild East is a music album by Apache Indian, released on Tuesday, 1 September 1998.	Real People / Wild East	Apache Indian
performer	La Espada & la Pared is the third studio album by Chilean rock band Los Tres, released in 1995	La Espada & la Pared	Los Tres
performer	Boone Carlyle is a fictional character who was played by Ian Somerhalder on the ABC drama television series Lost, which chronicles the lives of the survivors of a plane crash in the south Pacific.	Boone Carlyle	Ian Somerhalder
performer	Blue Country Heart is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album released in June, 2002.	Blue Country Heart	Jorma Kaukonen
performer	Unusual Heat is the seventh studio album by American rock band Foreigner, released in 1991.	Unusual Heat	Foreigner
performer	Go Away White is the fifth and final studio album by English gothic rock band Bauhaus.	Go Away White	Bauhaus
performer	``What a Good Boy'' is a song from the Barenaked Ladies' 1992 debut album, Gordon.	What a Good Boy	Barenaked Ladies
performer	``Stop Loving You'' is a song from the rock band Toto from their album The Seventh One.	Stop Loving You	Toto
performer	The role of Boss Hogg was played by Sorrell Booke, who performed frequently on radio, stage, and film prior to his role in The Dukes of Hazzard.	Boss Hogg	Sorrell Booke
performer	Cornelis sjunger Taube (English: Cornelis sings Taube) is the fifth studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.	Cornelis sjunger Taube	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	``The Brazilian'' is an instrumental piece by the English band Genesis that concludes their 1986 album Invisible Touch.	The Brazilian	Genesis
performer	Ho Hoo Tan is an album by the Hong Kong Cantopop group Twins.	Ho Hoo Tan	Twins
performer	Theme to the Gaurdian is the debut album by American guitarist and composer Bill Connors recorded in 1974 and released on the ECM label.	Theme to the Gaurdian	Bill Connors
performer	``Barbie Girl'' is a song by the Danish-Norwegian dance-pop group Aqua.	Barbie Girl	Aqua
performer	``The Adventures of the Love Crusader'' is a 1979 single by Sarah Brightman and the Starship Troopers.	The Adventures of the Love Crusader	Sarah Brightman
performer	A Vicious Cycle is the fourth solo studio album from Philadelphia underground hip hop artist Reef the Lost Cauze released on November 10, 2008, by Well Done Entertainment.	A Vicious Cycle	Reef the Lost Cauze
performer	A Black Box is an album by Peter Hammill, originally released on S-Type Records in August 1980.	A Black Box	Peter Hammill
performer	The Envoy is the fifth studio album by American singer/songwriter Warren Zevon.	The Envoy	Warren Zevon
performer	``We Think It's Love'' is a song by Leah Haywood, released as her debut single in early 2000.	We Think It's Love	Leah Haywood
performer	``Julemandens Selvmordsbrev'' (Danish for ``The Santa Claus' Suicide Note'') is the Danish Heavy metal band Red Warszawa's first single ever made.	Julemandens Selvmordsbrev	Red Warszawa
performer	Tipplers Tales is a 1978 album by Fairport Convention; recorded in only ten days, it was the last album the band recorded for Vertigo.	Tipplers Tales	Fairport Convention
performer	Miles of Smiles is an EP by experimental band Black Dice, released in 2004.	Miles of Smiles	Black Dice
performer	Prosatanica Shooting Angels is the fourth studio album by the black metal band Nargaroth.	Prosatanica Shooting Angels	Nargaroth
performer	``Heul doch'' (English: Go ahead and cry) and ``Shut Up'' are rock songs by German singer LaFee.	Heul doch	LaFee
performer	El Turista is the eighth studio album by the singer-songwriter, Josh Rouse.	El Turista	Josh Rouse
performer	Where We Are is the ninth studio album and tenth album overall by Irish boy band Westlife.	Where We Are	Westlife
performer	Sayin' Somethin' is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Atlantic label featuring four performances by Adderley with an 11-piece orchestra and four by Adderley's Quintet with Joe Henderson, Herbie Hancock, Bob Cranshaw, and Roy McCurdy.	Sayin' Somethin'	Nat Adderley
performer	``That's What Little Girls Are Made Of'' is the debut mainstream single from Raven-Symoné featuring rapper Missy Elliott (credited as her full name ``Melissa Elliott''), taken from her debut studio album, Here's to New Dreams.	That's What Little Girls Are Made Of	Raven-Symoné	Missy Elliott
performer	Back on the Scene is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label.	Back on the Scene	Bennie Green
performer	``Southern Comfort Zone'' is a song by country music singer Brad Paisley.	Southern Comfort Zone	Brad Paisley
performer	``Man Gave Names to All the Animals'' is a song written by Bob Dylan that appeared on Dylan's 1979 album Slow Train Coming and was also released as a single in some European countries.	Man Gave Names to All the Animals	Bob Dylan
performer	Per Vers, runoilija is the second album of Juice Leskinen & Coitus Int, released in 1974.	Per Vers, runoilija	Juice Leskinen
performer	Kiss This World Goodbye is a 1978 album by R&B group Mtume.	Kiss This World Goodbye	Mtume
performer	``Down by the Water'' is a song by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey.	Down by the Water	PJ Harvey
performer	``Bad Girlfriend'' is the second single released by Theory of a Deadman from their album Scars & Souvenirs.	Bad Girlfriend	Theory of a Deadman
performer	Everything Will Never Be OK is the debut album by British rock band Fiction Plane.	Everything Will Never Be OK	Fiction Plane
performer	Nancy & Lee is a collaboration album by Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood.	Nancy & Lee	Nancy Sinatra
performer	``Prisencolinensinainciusol'' (prizeŋkolinensinainˈtʃuːzol) is a song composed by Adriano Celentano, and performed by Celentano and his wife, singer/actress-turned-record producer Claudia Mori.	Prisencolinensinainciusol	Adriano Celentano
performer	``Fuego Contra Fuego'' (English: ``Fire Against Fire'') is the first single from Ricky Martin's debut solo album Ricky Martin.	Fuego Contra Fuego	Ricky Martin
performer	The Fabric of Verse is the first Independent album by Christian Contemporary-Folk musician Bebo Norman.	The Fabric of Verse	Bebo Norman
performer	Themes 2 is a Psychic TV album dedicated to Derek Jarman.	Themes 2	Psychic TV
performer	If I Have to Stand Alone is the debut album by Hi-NRG and house singer Lonnie Gordon.	If I Have to Stand Alone	Lonnie Gordon
performer	The Five Ghosts is the fifth studio album by Stars, which was released worldwide on June 21, 2010, via Vagrant.	The Five Ghosts	Stars
performer	Slayed? is the third album by the British rock group Slade.	Slayed?	Slade
performer	``Hang in Long Enough'' is a single performed by Phil Collins and released in 1990 from the album ...	Hang in Long Enough	Phil Collins
performer	Telemetry of a Fallen Angel (1995) is an album by The Crüxshadows, and was their first release on CD.	Telemetry of a Fallen Angel	The Crüxshadows
performer	Coupés bien net et bien carré (English: Cut very neat and very square) is the second album from the French singer-turned-actress Sandrine Kiberlain.	Coupés bien net et bien carré	Sandrine Kiberlain
performer	Annihilation of the Wicked is the fourth studio album by American technical death metal band Nile.	Annihilation of the Wicked	Nile
performer	Is That a Riot? is an album recorded in 2006 by the Youngblood Brass Band.	Is That a Riot?	Youngblood Brass Band
performer	Who's Been Sleeping in My Brain is the debut studio album by English deathrock band Alien Sex Fiend.	Who's Been Sleeping in My Brain	Alien Sex Fiend
performer	``You Think You're a Man'' is the fifth single from the album The Story So Far by Divine.	You Think You're a Man	Divine
performer	Nina's Choice is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone.	Nina's Choice	Nina Simone
performer	``Talk About the Passion'' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M., released as the second single released from its debut album Murmur in 1983 and a live performance at Larry's Hideaway, Toronto, Canada, from July 9, 1983 was released on the 2008 Deluxe Edition reissue of that album.	Talk About the Passion	R.E.M.
performer	There's the Rub is the fifth studio album by rock band Wishbone Ash.	There's the Rub	Wishbone Ash
performer	Di Meola Plays Piazzolla is a tribute album by Al Di Meola to the Argentinian composer Ástor Piazzolla.	Di Meola Plays Piazzolla	Al Di Meola
performer	Joe's Menage is a live album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released on October 1, 2008.	Joe's Menage	Frank Zappa
performer	``That's Just the Way It Is'' is a single performed by Phil Collins and David Crosby that was released in 1990 from the album ...	That's Just the Way It Is	Phil Collins
performer	``These Are the Times'' is the second single released from Dru Hill's second album, Enter the Dru.	These Are the Times	Dru Hill
performer	The Unfairground is a 2007 album by Kevin Ayers, recorded with members of Ladybug Transistor, Teenage Fanclub, Neutral Milk Hotel, Gorky's Zygotic Mynci and Roxy Music.	The Unfairground	Kevin Ayers
performer	Arisen is a 2012 album by the band Lestat.	Arisen	Lestat
performer	For a Lifetime is a piano-based instrumental album by Jonathan Cain released in 1998.	For a Lifetime	Jonathan Cain
performer	All Little Devils is the 3rd studio album by the gothic metal band Dismal Euphony.	All Little Devils	Dismal Euphony
performer	Esperando nada (Spanish: Expecting nothing) is the second album by Chilean singer Nicole.	Esperando nada	Nicole
performer	This Is What We Believe is the fourth studio album from contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust.	This Is What We Believe	Aaron Shust
performer	Regressive by Default is the debut album by Russian band DeadXheaD, released in 2006.	Regressive by Default	DeadXheaD
performer	The Last Separation (最后一次分手), aka Vicki's New and Best, is a 2001 album by mainland Chinese pop singer Zhao Wei.	The Last Separation	Zhao Wei
performer	El Que Sabe, Sabe is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican recording artist Tego Calderón, released 8 years after his last studio album, El Abayarde Contraataca, and 3 years after his mixtape The Original Gallo Del País.	El Que Sabe, Sabe	Tego Calderón
performer	``King Wizard'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi, taken from his third studio album Indicud (2013).	King Wizard	Kid Cudi
performer	``If U Seek Amy'' (edited for radio as ``If U See Amy'') is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her sixth studio album, Circus (2008).	If U Seek Amy	Britney Spears
performer	``You Wanted the Best'' is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, released on their eighteenth studio album Psycho Circus in 1998.	You Wanted the Best	Kiss
performer	This Is Forever is the second full-length studio album by She Wants Revenge.	This Is Forever	She Wants Revenge
performer	Here's Jaki is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1961 and released on the New Jazz label.	Here's Jaki	Jaki Byard
performer	``Lost in Your Eyes'' is the sixth single from American singer-songwriter, Debbie Gibson, and the first from her second album, Electric Youth.	Lost in Your Eyes	Debbie Gibson
performer	The First Letter is the ninth studio album and the last album released by Wire before their second extended hiatus.	The First Letter	Wire
performer	No Place to Run is the eighth studio album by the British rock band UFO.	No Place to Run	UFO
performer	Return of the Mother is the eleventh (ninth studio) by Nina Hagen, released in 2000.	Return of the Mother	Nina Hagen
performer	I-Testament is the sixth studio album by the reggae, dancehall artist Capleton.	I-Testament	Capleton
performer	Henry the Human Fly was the first solo album by British singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson.	Henry the Human Fly	Richard Thompson
performer	``Never Going Nowhere'' was the second single released by The Bluetones from their fourth album, Luxembourg, in 2003.	Never Going Nowhere	The Bluetones
performer	``Tempted to Touch'' is a 2004 hit single by Barbadian artist Rupee.	Tempted to Touch	Rupee
performer	Structures from Silence (1984) is the third album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.	Structures from Silence	Steve Roach
performer	Hombre Lobo: 12 Songs of Desire is the seventh studio album by American rock band Eels, released on June 2, 2009.	Hombre Lobo	Eels
performer	``Heart of the Country'' is a song written by Paul and Linda McCartney from their album Ram released in 1971.	Heart of the Country	Linda McCartney
performer	Stratavarious is an album by Ginger Baker, the drummer from Cream, released by Polydor in 1972.	Stratavarious	Ginger Baker
performer	``Daría'' (I Would Give) is a song recorded and performed by Spanish/Mexican pop rock group La 5ª Estación.	Daría	La 5ª Estación
performer	Hits Alive is the title of a greatest-hits album package released by American country music artist Brad Paisley.	Hits Alive	Brad Paisley
performer	Afro-Classic is an album by flautist Hubert Laws released on the CTI label featuring performances of popular and classical music by Laws recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's studio in 1970.	Afro-Classic	Hubert Laws
performer	``The Mountain's High'' is a 1961 hit R&B song written and performed by the California duo Dick and Dee Dee.	The Mountain's High	Dick and Dee Dee
performer	The Distance to Here is the fourth studio album by the band Live, released in 1999.	The Distance to Here	Live
performer	Promises and Lies is the tenth album by the British reggae band UB40, released in 1993.	Promises and Lies	UB40
performer	``Act Naturally'' is a song written by Johnny Russell and Voni Morrison, originally recorded by Buck Owens and the Buckaroos, whose version reached number 1 on the Billboard Country Singles chart in 1963, his first chart-topper.	Act Naturally	Buck Owens
performer	M.F. Horn Two is a 1972 big band jazz album by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson.	M.F. Horn Two	Maynard Ferguson
performer	``Seanchas'' is a pop song by Irish group Clannad.	Seanchas	Clannad
performer	Paper Monsters is the solo debut album by Depeche Mode's lead singer Dave Gahan.	Paper Monsters	Dave Gahan
performer	Die schönsten Volkslieder (The Most Beautiful Folk Songs) is the fifth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Die schönsten Volkslieder	Die Flippers
performer	``57 Channels (And Nothin' On)'' is a song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen, appearing on his album Human Touch, released in 1992.	57 Channels (And Nothin' On)	Bruce Springsteen
performer	Public Display of Infection is the debut album by Boston rock band Tijuana Sweetheart (formerly known as VAGIANT Boston), released on October 21, 2007.	Public Display of Infection	Tijuana Sweetheart
performer	``In Spite of All the Danger'' is one of the first songs recorded by The Quarrymen, then composed of John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, pianist John Lowe and drummer Colin Hanton.	In Spite of All the Danger	The Quarrymen
performer	The King of Limbs is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead, produced by Nigel Godrich.	The King of Limbs	Radiohead
performer	Sittin' on Chrome is the second and final album from Hip Hop group Masta Ace Incorporated, which includes Ace, Lord Digga, Paula Perry and Leschea.	Sittin' on Chrome	Masta Ace Incorporated
performer	Dear Ella is a 1997 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater, recorded in tribute to Ella Fitzgerald, who had died the previous year.	Dear Ella	Dee Dee Bridgewater
performer	K.O.S.M.O.S is a 1996 album by Dutch singer Valensia.	K.O.S.M.O.S	Valensia
performer	Designer Music is the third album by American disco act Lipps, Inc., and the last featuring Cynthia Johnson on lead vocals.	Designer Music	Lipps, Inc.
performer	Theory of Art is a 1987 reissue of A Night in Tunisia,a 1957 jazz album released by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers for RCA's Vik label.	Theory of Art	Art Blakey
performer	The Clockforth Movement is the 2002 debut album by alternative hip hop artist Penny.	The Clockforth Movement	Penny
performer	OneOneThousand is the third full-length studio album by American post-hardcore band Burden of a Day.	OneOneThousand	Burden of a Day
performer	Ones All is a solo album by bassist Dave Holland recorded in 1993 and originally released on the German VeraBra label.	Ones All	Dave Holland
performer	Tha Smokin' Nephew is the first major label studio album by the rapper Baby Bash and his third album overall.	Tha Smokin' Nephew	Baby Bash
performer	``We Hold On'' is the second single released by Australian singer Kaz James.	We Hold On	Kaz James
performer	Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music Volume Two is a 1962 album by Ray Charles.	Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music Volume Two	Ray Charles
performer	``Then the Morning Comes'' is a song by American band Smash Mouth.	Then the Morning Comes	Smash Mouth
performer	Son del Corazón is the first album released by Mexican singer Pilar Montenegro.	Son del Corazón	Pilar Montenegro
performer	Swallowed in Black is the second full length album by Sadus released in 1990.	Swallowed in Black	Sadus
performer	``Road to Nowhere'' is a rock song written by David Byrne for the 1985 Talking Heads album Little Creatures.	Road to Nowhere	Talking Heads
performer	Leading Vision is the second full length album by technical death metal band Gorod.	Leading Vision	Gorod
performer	``48 Crash'' is Suzi Quatro's third solo single and was released after ``Can the Can''.	48 Crash	Suzi Quatro
performer	``The Bungy'' is the second major single by the Japanese band Nico Touches the Walls released on June 4, 2008, from their debut album Who Are You?.	The Bungy	Nico Touches the Walls
performer	``Everybody Is a Star'', released in December 1969, is song written by Sylvester Stewart and recorded by Sly and the Family Stone.	Everybody Is a Star	Sly and the Family Stone
performer	``Do Fries Go with That Shake?'' is a song by Parliament-Funkadelic leader George Clinton.	Do Fries Go with That Shake?	George Clinton
performer	Unspoiled Monsters is the seventh album by the Danish alternative rock act Sort Sol and the fifth after the renaming of the band from the earlier Sods.	Unspoiled Monsters	Sort Sol
performer	Pop Goes the World is the third studio album by Canadian new wave band Men Without Hats, released in 1987.	Pop Goes the World	Men Without Hats
performer	Digital Priests is a demo album by industrial band Deitiphobia, originally released under the name Donderfliegen in 1990 on Compact Cassette only by an independent label, Slava Music.	Digital Priests	Deitiphobia
performer	``Almost a Memory Now'' is a song written by Van Stephenson, Dave Robbins and Dale Oliver, recorded by American country music band Blackhawk.	Almost a Memory Now	Blackhawk
performer	Mind on the Moon is an album by Canadian reggae musician Snow, released in 2000.	Mind on the Moon	Snow
performer	Third Annual Pipe Dream is an album by the southern rock band Atlanta Rhythm Section, released in 1974.	Third Annual Pipe Dream	Atlanta Rhythm Section
performer	Lines, Vines and Trying Times is the fourth and final studio album by the Jonas Brothers.	Lines, Vines and Trying Times	Jonas Brothers
performer	Cosmic Dancer is the fifth studio album by British pop act Shakespears Sister.	Cosmic Dancer	Shakespears Sister
performer	``Sexual Guarantee'' is a song performed by Swedish band Alcazar, from their debut studio album Casino (2000).	Sexual Guarantee	Alcazar
performer	``Abrázame Fuerte'' (``Hold Me Tight'') is a ballad written by Jorge Luis Piloto, produced by Rudy Perez and performed by Puerto-Rican American singer Lourdes Robles.	Abrázame Fuerte	Lourdes Robles
performer	``Rhinestone Eyes'' was intended to be the fourth and final single from virtual band Gorillaz's third studio album, Plastic Beach.	Rhinestone Eyes	Gorillaz
performer	Cortical Tectonics is the third studio album by American progressive metal band Canvas Solaris.	Cortical Tectonics	Canvas Solaris
performer	``The Secret Is Love'' is the Austrian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, sung in English by Nadine Beiler.	The Secret Is Love	Nadine Beiler
performer	Big Band Theory is an album by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1993.	Big Band Theory	Carla Bley
performer	Back to the Basic is the first EP from South Korean R&B and pop singer Rain.	Back to the Basic	Rain
performer	Running After Deer is the first album by filmmaker Alix Lambert and producer Travis Dickerson.	Running After Deer	Travis Dickerson
performer	Dawgwood is a 1993 all-instrumental album by American musician David Grisman, recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet.	Dawgwood	David Grisman Quintet
performer	First War of the World is the fourth full-length album by the German Viking / pagan metal band Black Messiah.	First War of the World	Black Messiah
performer	``Lighters (The One)'' (originally called ``The One''), is a song by British singer Gabz, released as her debut single on 30 June 2013 in the United Kingdom.	Lighters (The One)	Gabz
performer	A Frank Exploration of Voyeurism and Violence was Kane Hodder's first EP.	A Frank Exploration of Voyeurism and Violence	Kane Hodder
performer	``Fly from the Inside'' is the first song on Shinedown's first album Leave a Whisper and the lead single from it.	Fly from the Inside	Shinedown
performer	Nada Se Compara Contigo (Nothing Compares to You) is the tenth studio album released by Salvadorian performer Álvaro Torres on November 19, 1991.	Nada Se Compara Contigo	Álvaro Torres
performer	Sid Sings is the first released solo live album by English punk rock musician Sid Vicious.	Sid Sings	Sid Vicious
performer	The Whole Story is a compilation album by the English singer Kate Bush.	The Whole Story	Kate Bush
performer	From 1979 to 1986 Soviet television broadcast a series of five made-for-TV films in eleven parts, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson, with Vasily Livanov as Holmes and Vitaly Solomin as Watson.	Sherlock Holmes	Vasily Livanov
performer	Ekpombi (Broadcast) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki.	Ekpombi	Eleftheria Arvanitaki
performer	``Remember December'' is a song recorded by American singer Demi Lovato for her second studio album, Here We Go Again.	Remember December	Demi Lovato
performer	Abot Kamay (Filipino, ``Within Reach'') is the fifth studio album by The Dawn, released in 1992.	Abot Kamay	The Dawn
performer	Signed and Sealed in Blood is the eighth studio album by the Dropkick Murphys.	Signed and Sealed in Blood	Dropkick Murphys
performer	Will's Future (traditional Chinese: Will's 未來式; simplified Chinese: Will's 未来式) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan's (Chinese: 潘瑋柏) first Mandarin compilation album.	Will's Future	Wilber Pan
performer	Visionary Position is the debut album by Welsh progressive rock band Panic Room.	Visionary Position	Panic Room
performer	Watching in Silence is a 2003 release by Circle II Circle.	Watching in Silence	Circle II Circle
performer	Lux Noctis is the first full-length studio album by German gothic metal band Coronatus, released in 2007.	Lux Noctis	Coronatus
performer	Dinnertime is the second album by Alex Taylor, brother of James, Livingston and Kate Taylor.	Dinnertime	Alex Taylor
performer	Little Leviathan is an album by singer Michelle Lewis.	Little Leviathan	Michelle Lewis
performer	``Hot in Herre'' is a song by American rapper Nelly from his second studio album Nellyville (2002).	Hot in Herre	Nelly
performer	100 Lovers is the sixth studio album from the band DeVotchKa.	100 Lovers	DeVotchKa
performer	The Moment You Realize You're Going to Fall is the second studio album by American industrial rock band Black Light Burns, released on August 14, 2012.	The Moment You Realize You're Going to Fall	Black Light Burns
performer	Fuzao (Chinese: 浮躁; pinyin: Fúzào) is a 1996 Mandopop album by the C-pop singer Faye Wong.	Fuzao	Faye Wong
performer	``There You Have It'' is a song written by Steve Bogard and Rick Giles, and recorded by American country music band Blackhawk.	There You Have It	Blackhawk
performer	A Natural Disaster is the seventh album by the British rock band Anathema.	A Natural Disaster	Anathema
performer	First Strike Still Deadly is a compilation album by Testament, released in 2001.	First Strike Still Deadly	Testament
performer	Hypnotize the Moon is American country music singer Clay Walker's third studio album.	Hypnotize the Moon	Clay Walker
performer	To the Races is the second solo album by Eric Bachmann, also of the bands Crooked Fingers and Archers of Loaf.	To the Races	Eric Bachmann
performer	Dark Is the Way, Light Is a Place is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band Anberlin, their second album released through major label Universal Republic, on September 7, 2010.	Dark Is the Way, Light Is a Place	Anberlin
performer	``In Your Head'' is a song by Swedish-Congolese singer-songwriter Mohombi.	In Your Head	Mohombi
performer	``As Good as I Once Was'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.	As Good as I Once Was	Toby Keith
performer	``I Bought a Flat Guitar Tutor'' is a song by 10cc appearing on their 1977 album, Deceptive Bends.	I Bought a Flat Guitar Tutor	10cc
performer	``As for One Day'' (Azu fō Wan Dei) is the eighteenth single of J-pop idol group Morning Musume and was released April 23, 2003.	As for One Day	Morning Musume
performer	In Between Jobs is the third album by British R&B singer Lynden David Hall, released in April 2005 on the Random Records label.	In Between Jobs	Lynden David Hall
performer	Overcoats was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's second album, released in 1975.	Overcoats	John Hiatt
performer	Teensville is the title of a recording by American guitarist and producer Chet Atkins, released in 1960.	Teensville	Chet Atkins
performer	Full Colors is the 21st album by the jazz fusion group Casiopea recorded and released in 1991.	Full Colors	Casiopea
performer	``Carrie Anne'' is a song written by Allan Clarke, Graham Nash, and Tony Hicks and released by British pop rock group The Hollies.	Carrie Anne	The Hollies
performer	Relentless Retribution is the sixth studio album by Filipino-American thrash metal band, Death Angel.	Relentless Retribution	Death Angel
performer	More Grey Hairs is a compilation album by American rapper Reks, released March 10, 2009, on ShowOff records.	More Grey Hairs	Reks
performer	``Played-A-Live (The Bongo Song)'' is a song performed by Danish percussion duo Safri Duo.	Played-A-Live (The Bongo Song)	Safri Duo
performer	Rest Inside the Flames is the third album by metalcore band 36 Crazyfists.	Rest Inside the Flames	36 Crazyfists
performer	``Untitled 4 Ballads'' is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released on December 18, 2002, as their twenty-third single.	Untitled 4 Ballads	Every Little Thing
performer	The Waitress is the second album by folk singer-songwriter Jonathan Byrd.	The Waitress	Jonathan Byrd
performer	Perilous is the thirteenth studio album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer, released on October 23, 2012 by Arion Records/Sound Resources.	Perilous	Glass Hammer
performer	The Fidelity Wars is the second full-length album by British indie rock band Hefner.	The Fidelity Wars	Hefner
performer	``Early Christmas Morning'' is a song by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper, from her sixth studio album and first Christmas album, Merry Christmas...	Early Christmas Morning	Cyndi Lauper
performer	``You Haven't Done Nothin''' is a 1974 funk single by Stevie Wonder, taken from his album Fulfillingness' First Finale and featuring background vocals by The Jackson 5.	You Haven't Done Nothin'	Stevie Wonder	The Jackson 5
performer	Pumpkin, Powder, Scarlet & Green is the third album released by the 60's pop group The American Breed, released in the summer of 1968.	Pumpkin, Powder, Scarlet & Green	The American Breed
performer	Maybe I'm Dreaming is the debut studio album by American electronica project Owl City, released on December 16, 2008.	Maybe I'm Dreaming	Owl City
performer	Fail on Cue is the fourth major label studio album released in 2008 by Jimmie's Chicken Shack.	Fail on Cue	Jimmie's Chicken Shack
performer	Kings of Punk is the title of the third release and first LP by hardcore punk band Poison Idea, released in 1986 through Pushead's Pusmort Records label.	Kings of Punk	Poison Idea
performer	``Schwarz/Weiss'' also ``Schwarz/Weiß'' (Black/White) is a song by Bela B..	Schwarz/Weiss	Bela B.
performer	Staying on the Watch is the debut album by jazz musician Sonny Simmons.	Staying on the Watch	Sonny Simmons
performer	Turnin' On was the first and most successful album by the group High Inergy.	Turnin' On	High Inergy
performer	``Still I'' is a 2007 song by R&B singer CeCe Peniston, recorded in collaboration with Rodney R.K. Jackson and Felipe ``Wax'' Delgado, who initially found success producing and co-writing the Peniston's gold-certified album Finally on A&M Records in 1992.	Still I	CeCe Peniston
performer	Christmas Time Again is the title as well as being the name of one of the songs on Lynyrd Skynyrd's Christmas-themed eleventh studio album, released in 2000.	Christmas Time Again	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	Quecksilber is the second album released by German band Stahlmann, in 2012.	Quecksilber	Stahlmann
performer	``Don't Stop That Crazy Rhythm'' is a Top 20 single from UK band Modern Romance.	Don't Stop That Crazy Rhythm	Modern Romance
performer	``Love at the Five and Dime'' is a song written and originally recorded by Nanci Griffith and later recorded and released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea.	Love at the Five and Dime	Nanci Griffith
performer	Live Seeds is the first official live album by Australian post-punk band, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.	Live Seeds	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
performer	Blue Gator is the third album led by saxophonist Willis Jackson featuring organist Jack McDuff and guitarist Bill Jennings which was recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Prestige label.	Blue Gator	Willis Jackson
performer	``United States of Eurasia'' is a song by English alternative rock band Muse and is featured on their fifth studio album The Resistance.	United States of Eurasia	Muse
performer	``Forsaken, Not Forgotten'' is a split single released by Swedish progressive metal band Burst and Lash Out.	Forsaken, Not Forgotten	Burst	Lash Out
performer	Wherever You Are Tonight is the fifth and final studio album release by American country music singer Keith Whitley.	Wherever You Are Tonight	Keith Whitley
performer	Things Are Getting Better is the 11th album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley, and his second release on the Riverside label, featuring performances with Milt Jackson, Wynton Kelly, Percy Heath and Art Blakey.	Things Are Getting Better	Cannonball Adderley
performer	Perfectly Defect is an album by Mortiis, released 10 October 2010 initially as a free internet download, although later available through digital music shops such as iTunes.	Perfectly Defect	Mortiis
performer	``Mientes'' (English: You Lie) is a Spanish language song by Mexican pop group Camila released as the lead single from their second studio album, Dejarte de Amar released on November 17, 2009 through Sony Music, the song was written by Mario Domm and Mónica Vélez.	Mientes	Camila
performer	``All Signs Point to Lauderdale'' is the second single from A Day to Remember's fourth album, What Separates Me from You, released on June 7, 2011.	All Signs Point to Lauderdale	A Day to Remember
performer	``Still Speedin''' is a single released by Ghanaian British musician Sway as the lead single from his upcoming third album The Deliverance.	Still Speedin'	Sway
performer	Dusty in Memphis is the fifth studio album by English singer Dusty Springfield.	Dusty in Memphis	Dusty Springfield
performer	Whatcha Doin' is the debut album by Detroit garage punk band The Go, released in 1999.	Whatcha Doin'	The Go
performer	A Portrait of Duke Ellington is an album featuring trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and orchestra performing compositions associated with Duke Ellington, recorded in 1960 and released on the Verve label.	A Portrait of Duke Ellington	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	Misled by Certainty is the sixth studio album by the Colorado-based deathgrind band Cephalic Carnage.	Misled by Certainty	Cephalic Carnage
performer	The 45 Session is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1958 but first released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1975 as Minor Revelation.	The 45 Session	Bennie Green
performer	``Don't You Know?'' is a 1959 popular song by written by Bobby Worth, and hit record for singer Della Reese.	Don't You Know?	Della Reese
performer	Cupcakes Taste Like Violence is the second extended play by American singer-songwriter, Jeffree Star.	Cupcakes Taste Like Violence	Jeffree Star
performer	``Rockin' Years'' is a song written by Floyd Parton, and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Dolly Parton and Ricky Van Shelton.	Rockin' Years	Dolly Parton	Ricky Van Shelton
performer	``Finders Are Keepers'' is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Hank Williams, Jr..	Finders Are Keepers	Hank Williams, Jr.
performer	``Pull Me Under'' is the first track and first single from Dream Theater's 1992 album Images and Words.	Pull Me Under	Dream Theater
performer	``Baggy Trousers'' is a song by English ska/pop band Madness from their 1980 album Absolutely.	Baggy Trousers	Madness
performer	Fill Your Boots is the second full-length album by the English punk band Leatherface.	Fill Your Boots	Leatherface
performer	``Inner Smile'' is a song by Scottish pop group Texas, originally released on their 2000 album The Greatest Hits and co-written by Gregg Alexander and Rick Nowels.	Inner Smile	Texas
performer	Love ± Zero (pronounced ``Love Plus/Minus Zero'') is an album by the Japanese band Soul Flower Union.	Love ± Zero	Soul Flower Union
performer	``I Can Still Feel You'' is a song written by Kim Tribble and Tammy Hyler, and recorded by American country music singer Collin Raye that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.	I Can Still Feel You	Collin Raye
performer	At the Dawn of War is the third full-length album by Slechtvalk, released in February 2005.	At the Dawn of War	Slechtvalk
performer	Jubilee Shout!!! is the seventh album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine, recorded for the Blue Note label in 1962, but not released until 1986.	Jubilee Shout!!!	Stanley Turrentine
performer	``The Sound Above My Hair'' is the third single release from the Scooter album Under the Radar Over the Top, following ``J'adore Hardcore'' and ``Ti Sento''.	The Sound Above My Hair	Scooter
performer	My Guilty Pleasure is the second studio album by Swedish electronic duo Sally Shapiro.	My Guilty Pleasure	Sally Shapiro
performer	The Purity Album is the fifth album (first major studio album) released by South Park Mexican.	The Purity Album	South Park Mexican
performer	Rebels, Rogues & Sworn Brothers is an album by punk/alt-country band Lucero.	Rebels, Rogues & Sworn Brothers	Lucero
performer	Planeta Kumbia (English: Kumbia Planet) is the second studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz and the sixth studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla.	Planeta Kumbia	A.B. Quintanilla
performer	``¿A quién le importa?'' (English: literally, ``To whom does it matter?''; idiomatically, ``Who cares?'') is a successful single released from the Spanish pop rock band Alaska y Dinarama's 1986 No es pecado album.	¿A quién le importa?	Alaska y Dinarama
performer	General Patton vs. The X-Ecutioners is a collaboration album released by Mike Patton and New York City's hip-hop DJ trio The X-Ecutioners.	General Patton vs. The X-Ecutioners	Mike Patton
performer	Ravenchild is the first album recorded by Maddy Prior after she stopped working with the Carnival Band.	Ravenchild	Maddy Prior
performer	Police Doggy is an EP release by Parliament-Funkadelic/P-Funk All-Stars.	Police Doggy	Parliament-Funkadelic
performer	``Just Walk Away'' is the seventh single from Celine Dion's album The Colour of My Love.	Just Walk Away	Celine Dion
performer	Unknown Colors is the debut full-length studio album by Swedish quintet Sad Day for Puppets.	Unknown Colors	Sad Day for Puppets
performer	¡No Me Toques Las Palmas Que Me Conozco! is María Isabel's first album and was released in 2004.	No Me Toques Las Palmas Que Me Conozco	María Isabel
performer	``Kill Rock 'n Roll'' is a promotional single by Armenian American rock band System of a Down, released on July 2006.	Kill Rock 'n Roll	System of a Down
performer	A Love Extreme is the first studio album by the Charlotte, North Carolina based artist Benji Hughes.	A Love Extreme	Benji Hughes
performer	Det gör ont en stund på natten men inget på dan is a studio album from Swedish pop music singer Lena Philipsson, led by the first single and #1 hit ``Det gör ont'' (``It Hurts''), which was the winning song at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2004.	Det gör ont en stund på natten men inget på dan	Lena Philipsson
performer	``For One Day'' is the second single by Evermore, taken from their debut album Dreams.	For One Day	Evermore
performer	Seant is a studio album by Andrzej Trzaskowski Sextet released on Polskie Nagrania in 1966 as Polish Jazz series volume 11.	Seant	Andrzej Trzaskowski
performer	Boogadaboogadaboogada! is the second studio album by the Chicago-based punk rock band Screeching Weasel.	Boogadaboogadaboogada!	Screeching Weasel
performer	Love Visions is Nobunny's debut LP album, released in 2008.	Love Visions	Nobunny
performer	Songs from the Movies and More is the 32nd studio album released by Irish singer Daniel O'Donnell in 2012.	Songs from the Movies and More	Daniel O'Donnell
performer	Manual For Successful Rioting is the third album by French electronic turntable band Birdy Nam Nam.	Manual For Successful Rioting	Birdy Nam Nam
performer	Tweedles is a concept album by The Residents released on October 31, 2006.	Tweedles	The Residents
performer	``Girl's Best Friend'' is a 1999 single by rapper Jay-Z that features vocals from Mashonda.	Girl's Best Friend	Jay-Z	Mashonda
performer	``Lost and Forgotten'' is a song by Peter Nalitch and Friends, who represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010, in Oslo.	Lost and Forgotten	Peter Nalitch
performer	Mild-Mannered Supermen is the first studio album by band The Roy Clark Method, released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).	Mild-Mannered Supermen	The Roy Clark Method
performer	Midnight Moods is a Jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli, recorded in 1960 on the Savoy label.	Midnight Moods	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	The World is Outside is DVD-R that contains audio and video an audio extract release of the DVD The World is Outside by Nosound.	The World is Outside	Nosound
performer	``Everywhere That I'm Not'' was a hit single for San Francisco new wave group Translator in 1982, from the Columbia/415 album Heartbeats And Triggers.	Everywhere That I'm Not	Translator
performer	The Black Dirt Sessions is the third album by American indie-rock band Deer Tick.	The Black Dirt Sessions	Deer Tick
performer	The Trial of St. Orange is the second album of the Montreal-based collective, Shalabi Effect.	The Trial of St. Orange	Shalabi Effect
performer	``Zorbas'' (or more commonly, ``Zorba's Dance'') is a song by Greek composer Mikis Theodorakis.	Zorbas	Mikis Theodorakis
performer	``There Will Never Be Another Tonight'' is a rock song written by Bryan Adams, Robert Lange and Jim Vallance for Adams sixth studio album Waking Up the Neighbours (1991).	There Will Never Be Another Tonight	Bryan Adams
performer	``Drowning (Face Down)'' is the third single by the hard rock band Saving Abel from their self-titled debut album.	Drowning (Face Down)	Saving Abel
performer	``Cherchez La Ghost'' is a song from Supreme Clientele, the second album by rapper Ghostface Killah, and features fellow Wu-Tang Clan member U-God and singer Madam Majestic.	Cherchez La Ghost	Ghostface Killah	U-God
performer	Každý niečo hrá (English: Everybordy Plays) is the sixth studio album by Modus, released on OPUS in 1985.	Každý niečo hrá	Modus
performer	My Bonnie is a 1962 album by English rock and roll musician Tony Sheridan.	My Bonnie	Tony Sheridan
performer	Down Here on the Ground is the nineteenth album by guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1968.	Down Here on the Ground	Wes Montgomery
performer	``In My Secret Life'' is a song written and performed by Leonard Cohen and Sharon Robinson.	In My Secret Life	Leonard Cohen
performer	The Vanishing Race is the 12th album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1993.	The Vanishing Race	Air Supply
performer	``Was zählt'' (What counts) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Was zählt	Die Toten Hosen
performer	Soon Over Babaluma is the sixth studio album by the rock music group Can.	Soon Over Babaluma	Can
performer	Desire for Freedom was singer/songwriter Jim Diamond's second studio album.	Desire for Freedom	Jim Diamond
performer	Broken Safety 2 is the second album by Harlem-based rapper 40 Cal. and a sequel to his debut album, Broken Safety.	Broken Safety 2	40 Cal.
performer	Burning for You is a studio album by English band Strawbs, with cover art by Patrick Woodroffe.	Burning for You	Strawbs
performer	I Gotta Right to Swing is a 1960 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr., accompanied by an uncredited Count Basie Orchestra, minus Count Basie himself.	I Gotta Right to Swing	Sammy Davis Jr.
performer	ReliXIV is the thirteenth full-length studio album by American thrash metal band Overkill, released in spring 2005.	ReliXIV	Overkill
performer	Cheap at Half the Price is a 1983 solo album by English guitarist, composer and improviser Fred Frith.	Cheap at Half the Price	Fred Frith
performer	``Forgive Me, John'' is a song written by Fuzzy Owen, Jean Shepard, and Lewis Talley and was recorded by Ferlin Husky and Jean Shepard.	Forgive Me, John	Jean Shepard	Ferlin Husky
performer	``Something Beautiful Remains'' is a single released by Grammy Award winning singer Tina Turner in 1996 on Tina's Wildest Dreams album.	Something Beautiful Remains	Tina Turner
performer	Candy Eyed (aka Pan de Lonely) is the second album by American indie rock singer Katy Rose.	Candy Eyed	Katy Rose
performer	Sings from the Heart is the 1962 country music studio album released by George Jones in June 1962.	Sings from the Heart	George Jones
performer	Feels Like Comin' Home is the ``comeback'' album by the band Bonfire.	Feels Like Comin' Home	Bonfire
performer	``Still the One'' is a song written by Johanna Hall and John Hall, and recorded by the soft rock group Orleans on their album Waking and Dreaming, released in 1976, which made it to No. 5 on the Billboard Hot 100.	Still the One	Orleans
performer	It's Frightening is the second album by the American indie rock band the White Rabbits.	It's Frightening	White Rabbits
performer	``Ratamahatta'' is Sepultura's ninth official single, and the last of three to be taken from the album Roots, released in 1996.	Ratamahatta	Sepultura
performer	``Eyes Love You'' is the debut single by Japanese musician hide, released on August 5, 1993.	Eyes Love You	hide
performer	Tattoo You is the 16th British and 18th American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in 1981.	Tattoo You	The Rolling Stones
performer	Short Wave on a Cold Day is the sixth album released by Kalamazoo-based art rock band Thought Industry.	Short Wave on a Cold Day	Thought Industry
performer	My Truth is the second studio album by Swedish recording artist Robyn.	My Truth	Robyn
performer	A Pesar de Todo is the fourth album recorded by Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle released on June 3, 1997.	A Pesar de Todo	Víctor Manuelle
performer	Dagger Paths is a 2010 studio EP by Forest Swords.	Dagger Paths	Forest Swords
performer	A New Disease Is Born is the third full-length studio album by the Greek/Swedish melodic death metal band, Nightrage.	A New Disease Is Born	Nightrage
performer	The Fun of Watching Fireworks was the debut album by The American Analog Set.	The Fun of Watching Fireworks	The American Analog Set
performer	``Set the Fire to the Third Bar'' is a song from Snow Patrol's fourth album, Eyes Open, featuring Martha Wainwright on vocals.	Set the Fire to the Third Bar	Snow Patrol	Martha Wainwright
performer	``Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)'' is a 1973 song by Bruce Springsteen, from his The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle album, and is especially famed as a concert number for Springsteen and The E Street Band.	Rosalita (Come Out Tonight)	Bruce Springsteen
performer	``Ne me quitte pas'' (English: ``Don't leave me'') is a 1959 French song by the Belgian singer-songwriter Jacques Brel.	Ne me quitte pas	Jacques Brel
performer	Devoid is the first official album released by Italian melodic death metal band Dark Lunacy.	Devoid	Dark Lunacy
performer	``FourFiveSeconds'' is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna, American rapper Kanye West and English musician Paul McCartney.	FourFiveSeconds	Rihanna	Kanye West
performer	``Sex and Candy'' is a song released by American alternative rock group Marcy Playground.	Sex and Candy	Marcy Playground
performer	Kill the Rhythm (Like a Homicide) is the sixth album by old school hip hop/hardcore rapper Just-Ice, it was released in 1995.	Kill the Rhythm (Like a Homicide)	Just-Ice
performer	Halfway Between Here and There is the second full length release by ska band Rx Bandits.	Halfway Between Here and There	Rx Bandits
performer	You Gotta Take a Little Love is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1969, featuring performances by Silver with Randy Brecker, Bennie Maupin, John Williams, and Billy Cobham.	You Gotta Take a Little Love	Horace Silver
performer	Go Now and Live is the second full-length album by English post-hardcore band We Are the Ocean, released on April 25, 2011.	Go Now and Live	We Are the Ocean
performer	Super Sunshine is Gary Chaw's third album was released on 4 January 2008.	Super Sunshine	Gary Chaw
performer	Dangereuse Attraction is the second studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai.	Dangereuse Attraction	Marie-Mai
performer	Rafael Barba is a fictional character portrayed by Raúl Esparza, who joined the cast of the long-running NBC crime drama series Law & Order:	Rafael Barba	Raúl Esparza
performer	Aktar Wahed (Arabic : أكتر واحد ), is a studio album by Amr Diab, and was released in 2001.	Aktar Wahed	Amr Diab
performer	Liebe ist ... (Love is ...) is the eighteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Liebe ist ...	Die Flippers
performer	``Believe Again'' is a electronica influenced pop song written by Delta Goodrem, Brian McFadden, Stuart Crichton and Tommy Lee James, produced by Stuart Crichton and Marius de Vries for Goodrem's third studio album Delta (2007).	Believe Again	Delta Goodrem
performer	En la Línea del Frente (Spanish: on the front line) is the sixth studio album by street punk band The Casualties, and is a Spanish remake of the predecessor ``On the Front Line'', the mother tongue of vocalist Jorge.	En la Línea del Frente	The Casualties
performer	``Throw Ya Hands Up'' is a song recorded by Canadian band Stereos, which features vocals from rapper Jhevon Paris.	Throw Ya Hands Up	Stereos
performer	``Lost in This Moment'' is a song written by John Rich, Keith Anderson and Rodney Clawson, and by American country music duo Big & Rich.	Lost in This Moment	Big & Rich
performer	``Reflections of a Sound'' is a song by Australian rock band Silverchair and is the fourth track on their fifth studio album Young Modern, released in March 2007.	Reflections of a Sound	Silverchair
performer	``The National Front Disco'' is a song by Morrissey which appears on the album Your Arsenal.	The National Front Disco	Morrissey
performer	Yestergroovin' is an album by guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 1970.	Yestergroovin	Chet Atkins
performer	Dark Beauty is an album by American pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1974 and released on SteepleChase.	Dark Beauty	Kenny Drew
performer	In the 1960s, ``Baby, Please Don't Go'' became a popular rock song after the Northern Irish group Them recorded it in 1964.	Baby, Please Don't Go	Them
performer	Music from the Edge of Heaven is the third and final studio album from British pop duo Wham!, in 1986.	Music from the Edge of Heaven	Wham
performer	``Le goût du pain'' is a world music song performed by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas.	Le goût du pain	Natacha Atlas
performer	Room for Abuse is the second full-length album by the Tewkesbury ska punk band Spunge.	Room for Abuse	Spunge
performer	Red Resistor is the third studio album by Von LMO, released in 1996 by Variant Records.	Red Resistor	Von LMO
performer	Burn the World is the second album by the Swedish hardcore punk band AC4, released on Ny Våg (Ny Våg #133) in Sweden and Deathwish Inc. (DW145) in the United States, in March 2013.	Burn the World	AC4
performer	``Stripper Vicar'' is a song by Chester rock band Mansun released in 1996.	Stripper Vicar	Mansun
performer	From N.Y. is the second studio album from the a cappella group Rockapella.	From N.Y.	Rockapella
performer	Chipmunks in Low Places is a country album written by John Boylan and Andrew Gold and performed by Alvin and the Chipmunks.	Chipmunks in Low Places	John Boylan
performer	Ramblin' Fever is the 25th studio album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in 1977.	Ramblin' Fever	Merle Haggard
performer	``Love Comes'' is a song recorded by British girl group Bananarama.	Love Comes	Bananarama
performer	All 'bout Smoke 'n Mirrors is the first album from Portuguese pop rock band Fingertips.	All 'bout Smoke 'n Mirrors	Fingertips
performer	We the Common is an album by alternative folk band Thao & The Get Down Stay Down.	We the Common	Thao & The Get Down Stay Down
performer	``All Around Me'' is a song performed by American band Flyleaf from their self-titled debut album, Flyleaf (2005).	All Around Me	Flyleaf
performer	New York What Is Funky is an album by the Ultramagnetic MCs.	New York What Is Funky	Ultramagnetic MCs
performer	Antennas to Hell is the first greatest hits compilation by Iowa heavy metal band Slipknot.	Antennas to Hell	Slipknot
performer	O Dia em que a Terra Parou (Portuguese for The Day the Earth Stood Still) is the fifth solo studio album by Brazilian musician Raul Seixas.	O Dia em que a Terra Parou	Raul Seixas
performer	``Beautiful Tonight'' is the fourth single from the album Make Some Noise by Krystal Meyers, released in the United States and Japan in 2008.	Beautiful Tonight	Krystal Meyers
performer	Nunatak Gongamur is the first album from German Ambient music producer, Thomas Köner.	Nunatak Gongamur	Thomas Köner
performer	Live at the Fillmore East 1970, is the fourth live album by Ten Years After recorded in February 1970.	Live at the Fillmore East 1970	Ten Years After
performer	Rebuilt is the second and final studio album by the American girl group Girlicious.	Rebuilt	Girlicious
performer	Pura Vida Conspiracy is the sixth studio album by Gypsy-punk band Gogol Bordello.	Pura Vida Conspiracy	Gogol Bordello
performer	``Lovely Head'' is an electronic song performed by British group Goldfrapp.	Lovely Head	Goldfrapp
performer	Imagen Latina is an album by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo, originally released in 1992 and reedited twice in 2002 and 2008.	Imagen Latina	Alberto Naranjo
performer	``I Hate You Then I Love You'' is a song sung as a duet between Celine Dion and Luciano Pavarotti.	I Hate You Then I Love You	Celine Dion	Luciano Pavarotti
performer	``17 år'' is a single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio, from her second Studio album Och vinnaren är....	17 år	Veronica Maggio
performer	``Where Is the Feeling?'' is a song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Kylie Minogue, taken from her fifth studio album Kylie Minogue (1995).	Where Is the Feeling?	Kylie Minogue
performer	``Girl Why Don't You'' is a song originally performed by Prince Buster, covered by ska band Madness for their 2005 album, ``The Dangermen Sessions Vol. 1.	Girl Why Don't You	Madness
performer	Candy Coated Fury is the eighth studio album from Reel Big Fish released on July 31, 2012.	Candy Coated Fury	Reel Big Fish
performer	``Mi Buen Amor'' (My Great Love) was the second promotional and sixth overall single released by Gloria Estefan on her first Spanish album Mi Tierra.	Mi Buen Amor	Gloria Estefan
performer	Machine II Machine is the fifth studio album by the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch.	Machine II Machine	Doro
performer	Little Movements is an album by German double bassist and composer Eberhard Weber recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label.	Little Movements	Eberhard Weber
performer	The Rebel You Love to Hate is the sixth full-length studio album from American crossover thrash band, M.O.D..	The Rebel You Love to Hate	M.O.D.
performer	Oceans of Venus is the second album from London-based glam rockers, Rachel Stamp.	Oceans of Venus	Rachel Stamp
performer	The Real Don is the third album by French musician Lord Kossity, released in 2001 on the label Naïve Records.	The Real Don	Lord Kossity
performer	Abandoned Garden is a smooth vocal jazz album by American singer-songwriter and musician Michael Franks.	Abandoned Garden	Michael Franks
performer	Big Baller is the fifth album released by MC Breed.	Big Baller	MC Breed
performer	``Liebesspieler'' (Love Player) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Liebesspieler	Die Toten Hosen
performer	The Optimist LP is the first full-length album release by Turin Brakes.	The Optimist LP	Turin Brakes
performer	Let There Be Country is the seventh studio album by country singer Marty Stuart, released in 1992.	Let There Be Country	Marty Stuart
performer	God's Project is the fourth album released by Bachata group Aventura.	God's Project	Aventura
performer	``Megamix '93'' is the twenty sixth single by Dutch girl group Luv' released in 1993 by Arcade Records.	Megamix '93	Luv
performer	Le droit de rêver is the debut album by French singer-songwriter Tal released by Warner Music France.	Le droit de rêver	Tal
performer	``The Universal'' is a song by English alternative rock band Blur and is featured on their fourth studio album, The Great Escape.	The Universal	Blur
performer	The Fabulous Impressions is an album by the American soul music group The Impressions.	The Fabulous Impressions	The Impressions
performer	Up at the Lake is the eighth album by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans, released on 17 May 2004.	Up at the Lake	The Charlatans
performer	``Wiser Time'' is a single by The Black Crowes, featured on their album Amorica, released in 1994.	Wiser Time	The Black Crowes
performer	``Keen on Disco'' is the second single by the Danish dance/house duo Infernal from From Paris to Berlin, their most successful album to date.	Keen on Disco	Infernal
performer	Smoko at the Pet Food Factory is a 2011 album by the Australian punk band Frenzal Rhomb.	Smoko at the Pet Food Factory	Frenzal Rhomb
performer	Bergman Rock's second album Bonjour Baberiba Pt II was recorded in only seven days.	Bonjour Baberiba Pt II	Bergman Rock
performer	Bitter Tea is the fifth full-length album by The Fiery Furnaces, released on April 18, 2006 via Fat Possum in the U.S and Rough Trade in the UK.	Bitter Tea	The Fiery Furnaces
performer	Ge-trans-for-meer, the fourth studio album of Johannes Kerkorrel, was released in 1996.	Ge-trans-for-meer	Johannes Kerkorrel
performer	``(So Tired of Standing Still We Got to) Move On'', titled simply ``Move On'' in some releases, is a song written and recorded by James Brown.	(So Tired of Standing Still We Got to) Move On	James Brown
performer	Translate Slowly is the 1985 debut album by The Reivers.	Translate Slowly	The Reivers
performer	``Tracking Treasure Down'' is a song recorded by dance music DJs and producers Gabriel & Dresden.	Tracking Treasure Down	Gabriel & Dresden
performer	``Taken by a Stranger'' is a song by German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut that represented Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, earning 107 points and 10th place.	Taken by a Stranger	Lena Meyer-Landrut
performer	On an Island is the third solo album by Pink Floyd member David Gilmour.	On an Island	David Gilmour
performer	``One Thousand Voices'' is a single by the coaches of the Dutch television programme The Voice of Holland.	One Thousand Voices	The Voice of Holland
performer	``Sherry Fraser'' is the name of the third single by alternative rock/post-grunge band Marcy Playground.	Sherry Fraser	Marcy Playground
performer	Ciudad de Brahman (in English Brahman's City) is the second studio album by stoner rock band Los Natas.	Ciudad de Brahman	Los Natas
performer	``Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo (Heartbreaker)'' is the fourth track on The Rolling Stones' 1973 album Goats Head Soup.	Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo (Heartbreaker)	The Rolling Stones
performer	``The Seed (2.0)'' is the second single by The Roots from their fifth album Phrenology (2002).	The Seed (2.0)	The Roots
performer	Secret Robot Control is the second full-length album by the band Baboon.	Secret Robot Control	Baboon
performer	Upon the Wings of Music is an album by jazz fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty.	Upon the Wings of Music	Jean-Luc Ponty
performer	``Size Matters (Someday)'' is a song written by Byron Hill and Mike Dekle, and was recorded by American country music artist Joe Nichols.	Size Matters (Someday)	Joe Nichols
performer	The Golden Opportunities Mixtape is a free downloadable album by indie rock band Okkervil River.	Golden Opportunities Mixtape	Okkervil River
performer	Continued Silence EP is an EP by Las Vegas rock group Imagine Dragons, released digitally on February 14, 2012 in the United States.	Continued Silence EP	Imagine Dragons
performer	Kaķis is the seventh album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki, released in 2003.	Kaķis	Dzeltenie Pastnieki
performer	Letters Never Sent is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's twentieth album, and eighteenth studio album, released in 1994.	Letters Never Sent	Carly Simon
performer	``You Should Be Mine (The Woo Woo Song)'' is a 1986 song by Jeffrey Osborne from the album Emotional.	You Should Be Mine (The Woo Woo Song)	Jeffrey Osborne
performer	``In My House'' is the first single released from the American girl group Mary Jane Girls album, Only Four You in 1985.	In My House	Mary Jane Girls
performer	The Never Ending Illusion is the second studio album from Italian Progressive metal band Daedalus.	The Never Ending Illusion	Daedalus
performer	In the Flames of Black Art is the first album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat, released in June, 1996.	In the Flames of Black Art	Darzamat
performer	Macula Transfer is the third solo album released by Tangerine Dream leader Edgar Froese, in 1976.	Macula Transfer	Edgar Froese
performer	``Real Sugar'', written by Per Gessle, is a song by Roxette, released as the second single from their 2001 album Room Service.	Real Sugar	Roxette
performer	``Sports & Wine'' is a song from Ben Folds Five's 1995 self-titled debut album.	Sports & Wine	Ben Folds Five
performer	``Le vent nous portera'' (translated as ``The wind will carry us'') is a song by French band Noir Désir from their 2001 album des Visages des Figures.	Le vent nous portera	Noir Désir
performer	Castlemania is a studio album by San Francisco-based garage rock band Thee Oh Sees, the fifth album released by the band under the name ``Thee Oh Sees'' and their eleventh overall.	Castlemania	Thee Oh Sees
performer	``Manías'' (``Hobbies'') is a Latin pop ballad by Mexican singer Thalía, from her eleventh studio album Habítame Siempre.	Manías	Thalía
performer	Jazzurekcja (Polish pronunciation: (ˌd͡ʐɛzuˈrɛkt͡sja), a word play consisting of ``Jazz'' and ``Resurekcja'' (resurrection)) is an album released by O.S.T.R. in 2004.	Jazzurekcja	O.S.T.R.
performer	``You'll Follow Me Down'' is a song by Skunk Anansie, released as the final single from Post Orgasmic Chill.	You'll Follow Me Down	Skunk Anansie
performer	Knjiga žalbe is the sixth studio album released by the Croatian punk rock band Hladno pivo.	Knjiga žalbe	Hladno pivo
performer	``When It All Falls Apart'' is the third single released from The Veronicas' debut album The Secret Life of... on 21 March 2006.	When It All Falls Apart	The Veronicas
performer	``Be Yourself and 5 Other Cliches'' is the second single from the Hard Rock Supergroup Rock Star Supernova and was released on the band's self-titled debut album Rock Star Supernova (album).	Be Yourself and 5 Other Cliches	Rock Star Supernova
performer	Fight of My Life is the third full-length album by the Christian third-wave ska band, The Insyderz, and was released in late 1998.	Fight of My Life	The Insyderz
performer	The Oncoming Storm is the second studio album by American metalcore band, Unearth.	The Oncoming Storm	Unearth
performer	Scurrilous is the third studio album by Canadian progressive metal band Protest the Hero.	Scurrilous	Protest the Hero
performer	Feel Me is the sixth album by the funk/R&B band Cameo, released in 1980.	Feel Me	Cameo
performer	The Legend of Tashan Dorrsett is a remix album made by rapper Kool Keith.	The Legend of Tashan Dorrsett	Kool Keith
performer	Kisses in the Rain is John Pizzarelli's Telarc Records debut from 2000.	Kisses in the Rain	John Pizzarelli
performer	``Sugar Walls'' is the second single from Sheena Easton's 1984 album A Private Heaven that spent nine weeks on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.	Sugar Walls	Sheena Easton
performer	``Break 4 Love'' is a song written, produced and recorded by Vaughan Mason, the principal member of house music group Raze, the song's original credited performer.	Break 4 Love	Raze
performer	Dr. Gaius Baltar is a fictional character in the TV series Battlestar Galactica played by James Callis, a reimagining of Count Baltar from the 1978 Battlestar Galactica series.	Gaius Baltar	James Callis
performer	Around the World in a Day is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Prince and The Revolution.	Around the World in a Day	Prince
performer	3:33 is the second studio album by Zug Izland, released on June 1, 2004.	3:33	Zug Izland
performer	``A New Career in a New Town'' is an instrumental piece by David Bowie, recorded for his 1977 album Low.	A New Career in a New Town	David Bowie
performer	``I Left Something Turned On at Home'' is a song written by Billy Lawson and John Schweers and recorded by American country music singer Trace Adkins.	I Left Something Turned On at Home	Trace Adkins
performer	Look at My Butt Crack is the sixth comedy album recorded live on August 14, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada at The Mirage by American stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin.	Look at My Butt Crack	Kathy Griffin
performer	Stormblåst (``Stormblown'' in English) is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir.	Stormblåst	Dimmu Borgir
performer	Maybe We're Making God Sad and Lonely is the second full length by Dreamend, a Chicago-based band.	Maybe We're Making God Sad and Lonely	Dreamend
performer	Home Before Dark is the twenty-seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Neil Diamond.	Home Before Dark	Neil Diamond
performer	We've Come for You All is the ninth studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax.	We've Come for You All	Anthrax
performer	Almost a Dance is the second studio album by the Dutch doom metal band The Gathering, released in 1993 on Foundation 2000 Records.	Almost a Dance	The Gathering
performer	Ghost Opera is the eighth studio album from metal band Kamelot.	Ghost Opera	Kamelot
performer	``Only the Fool Survives'' is the second single from the Donna Summer album All Systems Go and is a duet with Mickey Thomas, lead singer of the band Starship (formerly Jefferson Starship).	Only the Fool Survives	Donna Summer	Mickey Thomas
performer	The Wall of Sound is the second studio album by Israeli alternative folk artist Geva Alon, released on July 13, 2007.	The Wall of Sound	Geva Alon
performer	``I've Got News for You'' is pop vocalist Feargal Sharkey's first single from his final album.	I've Got News for You	Feargal Sharkey
performer	``Here Come the Nice'' is a song released by English rhythm and blues group Small Faces.	Here Come the Nice	Small Faces
performer	``Shine On Forever (Photo Frame)'' is the first single from British pop duo Same Difference' second studio album, The Rest Is History.	Shine On Forever (Photo Frame)	Same Difference
performer	Broken Hymns, Limbs and Skin is the third album by alternative country band O'Death.	Broken Hymns, Limbs and Skin	O'Death
performer	We Are Beautiful, We Are Doomed is the second full-length record from Cardiff-based seven-piece Los Campesinos!.	We Are Beautiful, We Are Doomed	Los Campesinos
performer	Deja Entendu is the second album from Long Island based rock band Brand New, released in 2003.	Deja Entendu	Brand New
performer	``Love Religion'' is a song recorded by German dance act U96.	Love Religion	U96
performer	``Lil Freak'' is a song by American recording artist Usher, taken from his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond.	Lil Freak	Usher
performer	King of the Surf Guitar is the second studio album of surf music by Dick Dale, released in 1963, featuring original and cover songs.	King of the Surf Guitar	Dick Dale
performer	Oh Aaron is American teen pop singer Aaron Carter's third studio album, released in the summer of 2001.	Oh Aaron	Aaron Carter
performer	Black Presents is an EP by The Icarus Line released on November 14, 2006 in support of Black Lives at the Golden Coast.	Black Presents	The Icarus Line
performer	Love Zone is the sixth album recorded by R&B singer Billy Ocean.	Love Zone	Billy Ocean
performer	``How Do You Do It?'' was the debut single by Liverpudlian band Gerry and the Pacemakers.	How Do You Do It?	Gerry and the Pacemakers
performer	Blue Moon Swamp is the fifth solo studio album by American singer/songwriter John Fogerty, released in 1997 Guest musicians for vocal backing, the Lonesome River Band, were invited to join in on ``Southern Streamline'' and ``Rambunctious Boy''.	Blue Moon Swamp	John Fogerty
performer	``Skweeze Me, Pleeze Me'' is a popular song in the UK by Slade.	Skweeze Me, Pleeze Me	Slade
performer	Duceifixion is an album released in summer 2009 by the American rape rock group The Mentors.	Duceifixion	Mentors
performer	``Older Than You'' is the third single by Eskimo Joe, taken from their second studio album A Song Is a City.	Older Than You	Eskimo Joe
performer	Still a Sigure Virgin? (stylised as still a Sigure virgin?) is Japanese band Ling Tosite Sigure's fourth album, released on September 22, 2010.	Still a Sigure Virgin?	Ling Tosite Sigure
performer	``Cuando pase el temblor'' (Spanish for ``When the earthquake ends'' or ``When the tremor ends'') is a rock song by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo featured as the second track on the 1985 Nada personal album.	Cuando pase el temblor	Soda Stereo
performer	Stealing Chairs is the third album by 28 Days, released on September 17, 2002.	Stealing Chairs	28 Days
performer	Solta o Pavão is a 1975 album by Brazilian artist Jorge Ben Jor.	Solta o Pavão	Jorge Ben Jor
performer	``Leider/Vergissmeinnicht'' (Regrettably/Forget-me-not) is a US limited edition double single from the German industrial metal band Eisbrecher, from their album Antikörper.	Leider/Vergissmeinnicht	Eisbrecher
performer	``The Killing Moon'' is a song by the band Echo & the Bunnymen.	The Killing Moon	Echo & the Bunnymen
performer	Bad 25 is the 25th anniversary edition reissue of American recording artist Michael Jackson's seventh studio album Bad.	Bad 25	Michael Jackson
performer	Christmas World is the second studio album by the German group Banaroo.	Christmas World	Banaroo
performer	Music and Its Double is an album composed by John Zorn and featuring three contemporary compositions which were recorded in New York City in 2011 and Finland in 2012 and released on the Tzadik label in October 2012.	Music and Its Double	John Zorn
performer	Tribute to Bobby is a 2008 album by Mick Hucknall and his first solo album.	Tribute to Bobby	Mick Hucknall
performer	Three of a Perfect Pair is the tenth studio album by the band King Crimson, released in 1984.	Three of a Perfect Pair	King Crimson
performer	Monk's Blues is an album by Thelonious Monk accompanied by a big band arranged and conducted by Oliver Nelson.	Monk's Blues	Thelonious Monk
performer	``Winter, Again'' is the 16th single by Japanese band Glay.	Winter, Again	Glay
performer	Party Heard Around the World is the eighth studio album by American country music group Lonestar, released on April 27, 2010.	Party Heard Around the World	Lonestar
performer	The Martyrdom of a Catastrophist is the first full-length studio album from American art rock band Junius.	The Martyrdom of a Catastrophist	Junius
performer	Worn Copy is the eighth album from Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti series, released on Rhystop in 2003.	Worn Copy	Ariel Pink
performer	The San Francisco Concert is a live album by flautist Hubert Laws recorded at the Paramont Theatre in California in 1975 and released in 1977 on the CTI label.	The San Francisco Concert	Hubert Laws
performer	``Highway Don't Care'' is a song performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw and features American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift on vocals, also Keith Urban on guitar.	Highway Don't Care	Tim McGraw	Taylor Swift
performer	``Bitch Bad'' is a song performed by rapper Lupe Fiasco.	Bitch Bad	Lupe Fiasco
performer	Soul Dancing is the third album by singer-songwriter, Taylor Dayne.	Soul Dancing	Taylor Dayne
performer	For the Sake of Revenge is a live album and DVD recorded by the Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica.	For the Sake of Revenge	Sonata Arctica
performer	Somewhere Deep in the Night is the title of the seventh studio album by the British sophisti-pop group Swing Out Sister.	Somewhere Deep in the Night	Swing Out Sister
performer	Back in Line is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span.	Back in Line	Steeleye Span
performer	If You Want Blood Tour was a concert tour by Australian rock band AC/DC in support of the group's 1st live album, If You Want Blood You've Got It, released in 1978.	If You Want Blood Tour	AC/DC
performer	Songs to Scream at the Sun is the second and final studio album by American hardcore band Have Heart.	Songs to Scream at the Sun	Have Heart
performer	Hasta Ahora (``'Til Now'') is the compilation album from Sin Bandera.	Hasta Ahora	Sin Bandera
performer	Saharni is Najwa Karam's thirteenth studio album released in 2003.	Saharni	Najwa Karam
performer	Path of the Weakening is the third studio release by the American death metal band Deeds of Flesh.	Path of the Weakening	Deeds of Flesh
performer	Jazzosaurus Rex is an album by David Murray released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label.	Jazzosaurus Rex	David Murray
performer	Waiting for the Punchline is Extreme's fourth album, which was released in 1995.	Waiting for the Punchline	Extreme
performer	Dancing on the Valentine is a Duran Duran Video 45 released by PMI in the UK and Sony in the US in October 1984.	Dancing on the Valentine	Duran Duran
performer	Fixed Star is the seventh album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2001.	Fixed Star	Arthur Loves Plastic
performer	My Voice Story is a compilation album by British singer-songwriter from Brighton, Nick Howard.	My Voice Story	Nick Howard
performer	U magnovenju (In a Flash) is the third studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Goblini, released by Metropolis Records in 1996.	U magnovenju	Goblini
performer	``Rockin' All Over the World'' is a rock song written by John Fogerty, formerly of Creedence Clearwater Revival.	Rockin' All Over the World	John Fogerty
performer	Faces of Hope is the twenty-third album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill, recorded in 1980 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Faces of Hope	Andrew Hill
performer	For Me, It's You is Train's fourth studio album and last recorded as a five-piece until 2014's Bulletproof Picasso.	For Me, It's You	Train
performer	Breaking God's Heart is the debut full-length album by British indie rock band Hefner.	Breaking God's Heart	Hefner
performer	Video Anthology Vol. 1 is an album of Nas' music videos in DVD format.	Video Anthology Vol. 1	Nas
performer	Guerra Gaucha is the eighth album of Enanitos Verdes published in 1996.	Guerra Gaucha	Enanitos Verdes
performer	Cigarettes and Valentines is an unreleased album by punk rock band Green Day.	Cigarettes and Valentines	Green Day
performer	``House of Salome'' is the third and final single from the Kim Wilde album Catch as Catch Can.	House of Salome	Kim Wilde
performer	Defenders of the Faith is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest.	Defenders of the Faith	Judas Priest
performer	``Chodź, pomaluj mój świat'' (English: ``Come On, Paint My World'') is a 1971 song by Polish band 2 Plus 1.	Chodź, pomaluj mój świat	2 Plus 1
performer	``Dieses Leben'' (German: This life) is the name of the sixth single of German pop/rock group Juli.	Dieses Leben	Juli
performer	``No Presents for Christmas'' is a single by King Diamond released on December 25, 1985.	No Presents for Christmas	King Diamond
performer	A Hollow Cost (subtitled A Spoken Word Revelation by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV featuring Larry Thrasher) is a spoken word album by Genesis P-Orridge and Psychic TV featuring Larry Thrasher credited to Psychic TV & Genesis P-Orridge or Thee Majesty depending on the pressing.	A Hollow Cost	Psychic TV
performer	``Talk Dirty to Me'' is the second single from Poison, originally from the album Look What the Cat Dragged In.	Talk Dirty to Me	Poison
performer	``Running to Stand Still'' is a song by rock band U2, and it is the fifth track from their 1987 album, The Joshua Tree.	Running to Stand Still	U2
performer	``Love's Comin' At Ya'' is a dance-pop, funk and post-disco song recorded and released by singer Melba Moore, in 1982.	Love's Comin' At Ya	Melba Moore
performer	``The Right Thing'' is a single released by British soul group Simply Red in 1987.	The Right Thing	Simply Red
performer	10 Song Demo is a 1996 album by Rosanne Cash, produced by her husband, John Leventhal.	10 Song Demo	Rosanne Cash
performer	Ballads of Sacco & Vanzetti is a set of ballad songs, written and performed by Woody Guthrie, related to the trial, conviction and execution of Sacco and Vanzetti.	Ballads of Sacco & Vanzetti	Woody Guthrie
performer	Simply Deep is the debut solo album by American singer Kelly Rowland, first released by Columbia Records on October 22, 2002 in North America, and by February 3, 2003 throughout most international territories.	Simply Deep	Kelly Rowland
performer	``Monarchy of Roses'' is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers' 2011 album I'm with You and the album's second single.	Monarchy of Roses	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	More B.S. is the second album by singer-songwriter Bree Sharp.	More B.S.	Bree Sharp
performer	Go Plastic is an electronic music album by Squarepusher.	Go Plastic	Squarepusher
performer	Voice of Jamaica is the third album by Jamaican dancehall reggae artist Buju Banton and was his international debut.	Voice of Jamaica	Buju Banton
performer	A Hyperactive Workout for the Flying Squad is the seventh album by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene.	A Hyperactive Workout for the Flying Squad	Ocean Colour Scene
performer	We Can't Be Stopped is the third studio album by Geto Boys, released in 1991.	We Can't Be Stopped	Geto Boys
performer	``Hope Never Dies'' is a song performed by Czech singers Marta Jandová and the song's composer Václav Noid Bárta.	Hope Never Dies	Marta Jandová	Václav Noid Bárta
performer	Guitar Bazaar is the second solo recording by Tim Sparks on the Acoustic Music Records label, released in 1995.	Guitar Bazaar	Tim Sparks
performer	Let It All Out is an album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone.	Let It All Out	Nina Simone
performer	A Moment is the second album of R&B singer Lalah Hathaway.	A Moment	Lalah Hathaway
performer	Eik Tara (English: One way) is a pop album by Pakistani pop singer Waqar Ali, which was released in 2000.	Eik Tara	Waqar Ali
performer	``Mary Mac'' was the second single released by Australian rock band The Blackeyed Susans from their fourth studio album, Mouth To Mouth.	Mary Mac	The Blackeyed Susans
performer	A Call to Us All is the fourth album from singer, songwriter, producer and composer Teri DeSario.	A Call to Us All	Teri DeSario
performer	Worm Infested is the second EP by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse, released in 2003 through Metal Blade Records.	Worm Infested	Cannibal Corpse
performer	Life Is... is the fifth original studio album released by Japanese singer Ken Hirai on the label Defstar Records (Sony Music Entertainment).	Life Is...	Ken Hirai
performer	``You Still Own Me'' is a single by Scottish-Canadian country music artist Johnny Reid.	You Still Own Me	Johnny Reid
performer	Unlucky Boy is the sixth album by the blues band, Chicken Shack, released in 1973.	Unlucky Boy	Chicken Shack
performer	``Same Old Lang Syne'' is a song written and sung by Dan Fogelberg released as a single in 1980.	Same Old Lang Syne	Dan Fogelberg
performer	The Dirty Version is the solo debut from D.I.T.C. rapper A.G. of the duo Showbiz and A.G. The two temporarily split after their 1998 release Full Scale to pursue solo careers.	The Dirty Version	Showbiz and A.G.
performer	``Mama's Pearl'' was a hit recording for The Jackson 5 in 1971 and was written by The Corporation, a songwriting team that had helped the group score four consecutive #1 singles for the group.	Mama's Pearl	The Jackson 5
performer	Open, to Love is a jazz album by Paul Bley.	Open, to Love	Paul Bley
performer	``Give Me the Meltdown'' is a song released from Rob Thomas' second album, Cradlesong.	Give Me the Meltdown	Rob Thomas
performer	``Rockin' Back Inside My Heart'' is the second single from Julee Cruise's 1989 debut album Floating into the Night.	Rockin' Back Inside My Heart	Julee Cruise
performer	``Club Fantastic Megamix'' was a single released by Wham! in 1983, and was the last single release for the duo on Innervision Records.	Club Fantastic Megamix	Wham
performer	``Milk and Toast and Honey'' is the third single released from Swedish pop duo Roxette's 2001 album Room Service.	Milk and Toast and Honey	Roxette
performer	Silent Machine is the debut studio album by the Australian rock band Twelve Foot Ninja.	Silent Machine	Twelve Foot Ninja
performer	Kiss tha Game Goodbye is the debut studio album by American rapper Jadakiss.	Kiss tha Game Goodbye	Jadakiss
performer	Vampire Ecstasy is the debut studio album by Japanese Darkwave duo, Aural Vampire.	Vampire Ecstasy	Aural Vampire
performer	Castaways and Cutouts is the first full-length album by The Decemberists, originally released on May 21, 2002, on Hush Records and reissued on May 6, 2003, on Kill Rock Stars.	Castaways and Cutouts	The Decemberists
performer	Higher Plane is a gospel album by Al Green, released in 1982.	Higher Plane	Al Green
performer	Resurrection Macabre is the fifth studio album by Dutch technical death metal band Pestilence, which was released on March 16, 2009.	Resurrection Macabre	Pestilence
performer	``Love Party'' is a 1980 song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye, issued on his 1981 album, In Our Lifetime.	Love Party	Marvin Gaye
performer	``Flexaa'' is a song by Finnish rapper Cheek featuring Sanni and VilleGalle.	Flexaa	Cheek	VilleGalle
performer	The Body & the Soul is the eighth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in 1963 as his second and last release on the Impulse! label.	The Body & the Soul	Freddie Hubbard
performer	``Love Makes Things Happen'' is the title of a number-one R&B single by Pebbles and Babyface.	Love Makes Things Happen	Babyface
performer	``Daylight in Your Eyes'' is the debut song by all-female German pop group No Angels.	Daylight in Your Eyes	No Angels
performer	Down Along the Cove is a song written and originally performed by Bob Dylan for his album John Wesley Harding.	Down Along the Cove	Bob Dylan
performer	``See It in a Boy's Eyes'' was the fourth single from British R&B singer Jamelia's second album, Thank You.	See It in a Boy's Eyes	Jamelia
performer	Sehnsucht Live is the 3rd live album by German electronical musician, composer and producer Christopher von Deylen under his Schiller alias.	Sehnsucht Live	Schiller
performer	Are You Ready for the Big Show? is the fourth album by American country music singer Radney Foster.	Are You Ready for the Big Show?	Radney Foster
performer	The Complete Wooden Nickel Recordings is a 2-Disc set released by Styx in 2005.	The Complete Wooden Nickel Recordings	Styx
performer	Sheep Go to Heaven is a single by American alternative rock band Cake from their 1998 album Prolonging the Magic.	Sheep Go to Heaven	Cake
performer	Fitness to Practice is a 2004 album produced for charity by Amateur Transplants (Dr Adam Kay and Dr Suman Biswas).	Fitness to Practice	Amateur Transplants
performer	Wonderwall Music is the soundtrack album to the 1968 film Wonderwall, and the debut solo release by English musician George Harrison.	Wonderwall Music	George Harrison
performer	Pos Allazei O Kairos is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi.	Pos Allazei O Kairos	Katy Garbi
performer	Gory Days is the second studio album by rapper Necro, released on November 7, 2001 by Psycho+Logical-Records.	Gory Days	Necro
performer	Minä Määrään is a single from the Finnish Industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt's album U.S.C.H!.	Minä Määrään	Turmion Kätilöt
performer	``I Just Want to Be Your Everything'' is a song recorded by Andy Gibb, initially released in 1977.	I Just Want to Be Your Everything	Andy Gibb
performer	``Finest Worksong'' was the third and final single released from R.E.M.'s fifth studio album Document.	Finest Worksong	R.E.M.
performer	Emerging is the title of the only album by the Phil Keaggy Band, released in 1977 on NewSong Records.	Emerging	Phil Keaggy
performer	Fishin' for Woos is the ninth studio album released by pop punk band Bowling for Soup.	Fishin' for Woos	Bowling for Soup
performer	With Love and Squalor is the major label debut album from rock band We Are Scientists.	With Love and Squalor	We Are Scientists
performer	``Los Infieles'' (English: The Unfaithful) is Aventura's first single from their second live album K.O.B. Live.	Los Infieles	Aventura
performer	Show Your Dance (Chinese: 舞所不在) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's fifth Mandarin studio album.	Show Your Dance	Show Luo
performer	The Infant Hercules is the second demo album by the English progressive rock band, Big Big Train.	The Infant Hercules	Big Big Train
performer	F♯ A♯ ∞ (pronounced ``F-sharp, A-sharp, Infinity'') is the debut album of the Canadian post-rock band Godspeed You! Black Emperor.	F♯ A♯ ∞	Godspeed You! Black Emperor
performer	``One Second of Insanity'' (also styled as ``1 Second of Insanity'') was the second single from the debut album, Begins Here, by Australian rock group, The Butterfly Effect and was released in 2003.	One Second of Insanity	The Butterfly Effect
performer	``End Credits'' is the first single to be taken from Drum and Bass duo Chase & Status' second studio album, No More Idols.	End Credits	Chase & Status
performer	The Brothel is an album released in Norway 2010 by the Norwegian artist Susanne Sundfør.	The Brothel	Susanne Sundfør
performer	``Window Shopper'' is a single by rapper 50 Cent.	Window Shopper	50 Cent
performer	Alphagene (German for ``Alphagenes'') is the debut album by German rapper Kollegah.	Alphagene	Kollegah
performer	As Yggdrasil Trembles is the 10th studio album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed.	As Yggdrasil Trembles	Unleashed
performer	State of Euphoria is the fourth studio album by the American thrash metal band Anthrax.	State of Euphoria	Anthrax
performer	8Bit Heart is the debut album by American singer-songwriter and record producer Simon Curtis.	8Bit Heart	Simon Curtis
performer	``Here I Go Impossible Again'' is a song written and recorded by British synthpop duo Erasure.	Here I Go Impossible Again	Erasure
performer	``Upgrade U'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé from her second studio album B'Day (2006).	Upgrade U	Beyoncé
performer	``Cat's in the Cradle'' is a 1974 folk rock song by Harry Chapin from the album Verities & Balderdash.	Cat's in the Cradle	Harry Chapin
performer	The Green World is the fourth studio album by American folk music singer-songwriter Dar Williams, released in 2000.	The Green World	Dar Williams
performer	``D-O-G Me Out'' is a song by the American R&B group Guy recorded for their second studio album The Future (1990).	D-O-G Me Out	Guy
performer	Don't Tread is the second and last studio album released by the American hard rock supergroup Damn Yankees.	Don't Tread	Damn Yankees
performer	Electric Fire is the fourth solo album by Roger Taylor, from the band Queen.	Electric Fire	Roger Taylor
performer	``I Got Id'', alternative title ``Merkinball'', is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam featuring Neil Young.	I Got Id	Pearl Jam	Neil Young
performer	Return to Magenta, issued in 1978, is the second album by the rock band Mink DeVille.	Return to Magenta	Mink DeVille
performer	A New Astronomy is the fourth album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2006 by Sub Pop Records and A Silent Place.	A New Astronomy	Jennifer Gentle
performer	Treasures from the Trash Heap is a tour-only album by indie rock band Elf Power.	Treasures from the Trash Heap	Elf Power
performer	Trading Snakeoil for Wolftickets is the second studio album by Gary Jules under the Sanctuary Records label.	Trading Snakeoil for Wolftickets	Gary Jules
performer	``Úsmev'' (English: Smile) is a song by the band Modus released on OPUS in 1977.	Úsmev	Modus
performer	You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic is the fourth solo album by Ian Hunter.	You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic	Ian Hunter
performer	``Turn On the Radio'' is a song written by Mark Oakley, Cherie Oakley and J. P. Twang, and recorded by American country music singer Reba McEntire to serve as the lead single for her 34th career album, All the Women I Am, which was released on November 9, 2010.	Turn On the Radio	Reba McEntire
performer	When Do We Start Fighting... is an album by British band Seafood, released in July 2001.	When Do We Start Fighting...	Seafood
performer	Playhouse of the Universe is album by American folk-rock group Wild Band of Snee.	Playhouse of the Universe	Wild Band of Snee
performer	A Public Disservice Announcement is the second album by the band Methods of Mayhem, released on September 21, 2010.	A Public Disservice Announcement	Methods of Mayhem
performer	Autumn of the Seraphs is the fourth full-length release from the San Diego, California band Pinback.	Autumn of the Seraphs	Pinback
performer	Evel Knievel Factor is the second studio-album by the Finnish rock group Private Line.	Evel Knievel Factor	Private Line
performer	Hot Trip to Heaven is the fifth studio album by British alternative rock band Love and Rockets, released in 1994 on American, after Beggar's Banquet dropped the band for not creating a successful follow-up single to ``So Alive''.	Hot Trip to Heaven	Love and Rockets
performer	Diamonds and Dirt is the first solo studio album by Scottish guitarist Brian Robertson, released in 2011.	Diamonds and Dirt	Brian Robertson
performer	Solo / Quartet is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1981 and 1982 and released on the Contemporary label.	Solo / Quartet	Bobby Hutcherson
performer	``Don't Get Me Wrong'' is a song released by the pop-rock group The Pretenders.	Don't Get Me Wrong	The Pretenders
performer	Det överexponerade gömstället (The Over Exposed Hideout) is the ninth album by the Swedish indie rock band bob hund.	Det överexponerade gömstället	bob hund
performer	``Braid My Hair'' is a R&B single by Mario.	Braid My Hair	Mario
performer	Straight No Chase, is the second studio album by Dungeon Family associates P.A..	Straight No Chase	P.A.
performer	``Colder Weather'' is a song performed by the Zac Brown Band, an American country music group.	Colder Weather	Zac Brown Band
performer	Sad or High Kicking is a folk album by Martin Simpson recorded and released in 1985.	Sad or High Kicking	Martin Simpson
performer	Bugs in Amber is the second album by the Bristol based jazz rock quartet Get the Blessing, released in 2009 (see 2008 in music).	Bugs in Amber	Get the Blessing
performer	``Rien ne me changera'' is the second single from the winner of A La Recherche De La Nouvelle Star - Jonatan Cerrada.	Rien ne me changera	Jonatan Cerrada
performer	In Praise of Older Women and Other Crimes is the fifth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts.	In Praise of Older Women and Other Crimes	Kid Creole and the Coconuts
performer	The Years to Come is the third full-length album from Nodes of Ranvier and was released in 2005.	The Years to Come	Nodes of Ranvier
performer	No Place to Land is an album by New Zealand singer, Michael Murphy, and was released in 2004.	No Place to Land	Michael Murphy
performer	Out of Myself is the first full-length album by progressive rock/metal band Riverside released on 21 September 2004.	Out of Myself	Riverside
performer	``Down to Zero'' is a 1976 song by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading.	Down to Zero	Joan Armatrading
performer	``The Youngest Was the Most Loved'' is the second single from the Morrissey album Ringleader of the Tormentors, which reached #14 in the UK and #11 in the U.S. Singles Sales.	The Youngest Was the Most Loved	Morrissey
performer	Uncle Dysfunktional is a studio album from Happy Mondays.	Uncle Dysfunktional	Happy Mondays
performer	Ashes to Embers is the first full-length studio album by the heavy metal band Eyes of Fire.	Ashes to Embers	Eyes of Fire
performer	``They Dance Alone (Cueca Solo)'' is a protest song composed by English musician Sting and published first on his 1987 album ...	They Dance Alone	Sting
performer	Total Evaporation is the fifth album by The Radiators, and their fourth studio album.	Total Evaporation	The Radiators
performer	Nuestro Amor (English: Our Love) is the second studio album by Mexican pop band RBD.	Nuestro Amor	RBD
performer	The Tenement Year is Pere Ubu's first album after reuniting (following their 1982 break-up), and sixth overall.	The Tenement Year	Pere Ubu
performer	Ghost of the Salt Water Machines is the second full-length album from American hardcore band Architect.	Ghost of the Salt Water Machines	Architect
performer	``Wenn ich träume'' is the third German single recorded by American entertainer Connie Francis.	Wenn ich träume	Connie Francis
performer	Let the War Against Music Begin is an album by American rock group The Minus 5.	Let the War Against Music Begin	The Minus 5
performer	``Roc Me Out'' is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna for her sixth studio album Talk That Talk (2011).	Roc Me Out	Rihanna
performer	Kyūtai (球体) is an album by Mucc released on March 4, 2009.	Kyūtai	Mucc
performer	Trombipulation is a 1980 album by the funk band Parliament (see 1980 in music).	Trombipulation	Parliament
performer	Political Manifest is the seventh album by the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers, released in 2004.	Political Manifest	Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers
performer	``Living in Stereo'' is a song by German dance band R.I.O..	Living in Stereo	R.I.O.
performer	``In My Bed'' is a number-one platinum-selling R&B single by R&B group Dru Hill.	In My Bed	Dru Hill
performer	The Sagas Of... is the first Studio Album by east London rapper Klashnekoff.	The Sagas Of...	Klashnekoff
performer	``Headfirst for Halos'' is the sixth track and third single from My Chemical Romance's debut album, I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love.	Headfirst for Halos	My Chemical Romance
performer	Love Is All I Need the second solo album of Yasmien Kurdi after her successful debut album, In the Name of Love.	Love Is All I Need	Yasmien Kurdi
performer	Sexy as Hell is the seventh studio album by German singer--songwriter Sarah Connor, released in German-speaking Europe on 22 August 2008 by Epic.	Sexy as Hell	Sarah Connor
performer	``I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas'' is a Christmas novelty song written by John Rox (1902--1957) and performed by Gayla Peevey (10 years old at the time) in 1953.	I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas	Gayla Peevey
performer	Ich hasse Musik (German for ``I hate music'') is an album by German heavy metal band Knorkator, released in 2003.	Ich hasse Musik	Knorkator
performer	Nata per me (``Born for me'') is a song by Italian singer Adriano Celentano.	Nata per me	Adriano Celentano
performer	Mystic Your Heart is the second album by Japanese, melodic death metal band Blood Stain Child.	Mystic Your Heart	Blood Stain Child
performer	Baldhead Slick & da Click, the 2001 release from American rapper Guru is his first solo recording outside his Jazzmatazz series of albums.	Baldhead Slick & da Click	Guru
performer	``Maybe He'll Notice Her Now'' is a song written by Tim Johnson and recorded by American country music artist Mindy McCready featuring Richie McDonald.	Maybe He'll Notice Her Now	Mindy McCready	Richie McDonald
performer	Live at Wembley '86 is a double live album by English rock band Queen.	Live at Wembley '86	Queen
performer	The Payback is the 40th studio album by American musician James Brown.	The Payback	James Brown
performer	A New Tide is the sixth studio album by the British indie rock band Gomez.	A New Tide	Gomez
performer	Hillbilly Jedi is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Big & Rich, released on September 18, 2012.	Hillbilly Jedi	Big & Rich
performer	``Tears in Heaven'' is a song by Eric Clapton and Will Jennings, from the 1991 Rush film soundtrack.	Tears in Heaven	Eric Clapton
performer	``Party Like a Rockstar'' is a song by American hip hop group Shop Boyz.	Party Like a Rockstar	Shop Boyz
performer	Three Friends (1972) is a concept album by the British progressive rock band Gentle Giant.	Three Friends	Gentle Giant
performer	``Little Bit'' is a song by Swedish recording artist Lykke Li from her debut album, Youth Novels (2008).	Little Bit	Lykke Li
performer	``Set on You'' is a song recorded by English girl group Bananarama.	Set on You	Bananarama
performer	``Between the Raindrops'' is a song by American alternative band Lifehouse, which features British singer, Natasha Bedingfield.	Between the Raindrops	Lifehouse	Natasha Bedingfield
performer	``Girls of Summer'' is a single by American hard rock band Aerosmith.	Girls of Summer	Aerosmith
performer	You Gotta Sin to Get Saved is the second album by American singer/songwriter Maria McKee, released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).	You Gotta Sin to Get Saved	Maria McKee
performer	Strobelite Seduction is the fifth solo album by the house DJ Kaskade.	Strobelite Seduction	Kaskade
performer	``Humble Neighborhoods'' is a song from American singer P!nk's third studio album Try This, written by Pink and Tim Armstrong.	Humble Neighborhoods	Pink
performer	Hits from the Bow is the debut album by Arsonists Get All the Girls, released February 6, 2006 through Process Records.	Hits from the Bow	Arsonists Get All the Girls
performer	``She Moves (Far Away)'' is the 2014 debut single by German DJ and producer Alle Farben from his debut album Synesthesia - I Think in Colours and features the vocals of Graham Candy.	She Moves (Far Away)	Alle Farben
performer	``I've Got So Much to Give'' is an R&B contemporary romantic ballad composed and recorded by popular soul artist Barry White and released in 1973.	I've Got So Much to Give	Barry White
performer	Paranoid Dream of the Zodiac is an album by the band Balzac.	Paranoid Dream of the Zodiac	Balzac
performer	``The Centre of the Heart'' is a song by Swedish duo Roxette's 2001 album Room Service.	The Centre of the Heart	Roxette
performer	The Locust Years is the third studio album by the progressive metal band Hammers of Misfortune.	The Locust Years	Hammers of Misfortune
performer	``Scream for More'' is the debut single by the female Belgian dance singer Kate Ryan and was released on February 19, 2001, in Belgium by the label EMI-Belgium.	Scream for More	Kate Ryan
performer	Spiritualizing the Senses is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver, his second released on the Silverto label, featuring performances by Silver with Eddie Harris, Bobby Shew, Ralph Moore, Bob Maize, and Carl Burnett.	Spiritualizing the Senses	Horace Silver
performer	Never-Ending is the 3rd studio album by German power metal group Mystic Prophecy, released in October 2004.	Never-Ending	Mystic Prophecy
performer	``Touch a New Day'' is a song by German singer Lena Meyer-Landrut, written by entertainer Stefan Raab.	Touch a New Day	Lena Meyer-Landrut
performer	``Lock U Down'' is a song by American recording artist Mýa Harrison on her fourth studio album Liberation (2007).	Lock U Down	Mýa
performer	High Priestess of Soul is a studio album by jazz singer, pianist and songwriter Nina Simone.	High Priestess of Soul	Nina Simone
performer	``Mainstream Money'' is the third and final single from grime vocalist Tinchy Stryder's debut album, Star in the Hood.	Mainstream Money	Tinchy Stryder
performer	Unut Sevme (English: Forget, don't love) is Turkish singer Candan Erçetin's first single.	Unut Sevme	Candan Erçetin
performer	``Have You Ever Been Mellow'' is the first single of the Party Animals and was released on their debut album Good Vibrations.	Have You Ever Been Mellow	Party Animals
performer	``You Better Dance'' is a song by the American sibling group, The Jets.	You Better Dance	The Jets
performer	Rick Grimes is a fictional character and the protagonist in the comic book series The Walking Dead and in the television series of the same name, portrayed by Andrew Lincoln.	Rick Grimes	Andrew Lincoln
performer	Ben Chapman plays the Gill-man on land in the first film, followed by Tom Hennesy in the second, and Don Megowan in the third.	Gill-man	Ben Chapman	Tom Hennesy	Don Megowan
performer	The Giancana Story is the third solo album by American rapper Kool G Rap, released by Koch Records on November 26, 2002.	The Giancana Story	Kool G Rap
performer	Bongo Fury is an album released by Frank Zappa and the Mothers with Captain Beefheart in 1975.	Bongo Fury	Frank Zappa
performer	Drawing Circles is the second album by Dutch metal band Textures.	Drawing Circles	Textures
performer	``Death and the Flower'' - 22:49 ``Prayer'' - 10:12 ``Great Bird'' - 8:45 All compositions by Keith Jarrett Keith Jarrett - piano, wood flute, percussion, soprano sax Dewey Redman - tenor saxophone, musette, percussion Charlie Haden - bass Paul Motian - drums, percussion Guilherme Franco - percussion	Death and the Flower	Keith Jarrett Keith Jarrett
performer	Isn't It a Wonder is a song by Irish boy band Boyzone from their second studio album, A Different Beat.	Isn't It a Wonder	Boyzone
performer	House of Binary is the third album by The Wisdom of Harry, an experimental electronic music ensemble from London.	House of Binary	The Wisdom of Harry
performer	``The Things That I Used to Do'' is a 12-bar blues song written by Guitar Slim (aka Eddie Jones).	The Things That I Used to Do	Guitar Slim
performer	``Make Believe It's Your First Time'' is a song written by Bob Morrison and Johnny Wilson, and recorded by Bobby Vinton and later by The Carpenters.	Make Believe It's Your First Time	The Carpenters
performer	The Nylon Curtain is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Billy Joel, released on September 23, 1982 and produced by Phil Ramone.	The Nylon Curtain	Billy Joel
performer	Spoon and Rafter is the fourth album by the British country rock-folk group Mojave 3, released on 22 September 2003 in the UK, and a day later in the US.	Spoon and Rafter	Mojave 3
performer	Tentara Merah Darah is the fifth studio album released by the Indonesian death metal band Siksakubur.	Tentara Merah Darah	Siksakubur
performer	``Bubba Shot the Jukebox'' is a song written by Dennis Linde, and recorded by American country music singer Mark Chesnutt.	Bubba Shot the Jukebox	Mark Chesnutt
performer	``Reaction to Action'' was the third single taken from the album Agent Provocateur by the band Foreigner, in the U.S. only.	Reaction to Action	Foreigner
performer	``You Wouldn't Know'' is the first single from heavy metal supergroup Hellyeah from their debut album Hellyeah.	You Wouldn't Know	Hellyeah
performer	Navsegda! (Cyrillic: НАВСЕГДА! Translated: Forever!) is the debut album from Russian group Nichya.	Navsegda!	Nichya
performer	``I'm Coming Up'' is a song by French singer Amanda Lear, released in 2010 by Edina Music and Outsider Music.	I'm Coming Up	Amanda Lear
performer	``Dis-Satisfied'' is a single by American country music artists Bill Anderson and Jan Howard.	Dis-Satisfied	Bill Anderson	Jan Howard
performer	Porozumienie ponad podziałami is the second studio album by Polish rapcore band Kazik Na Żywo.	Porozumienie ponad podziałami	Kazik Na Żywo
performer	``Y Tú También Llorarás'' (``And You Will Cry Too'') is a ballad written and produced by Albert Hammond, co-written by Anahí van Zandweghe, and performed by Venezuelan singer José Luis Rodríguez ``El Puma''.	Y Tú También Llorarás	José Luis Rodríguez
performer	In the Black is the fifth studio album by the all-female heavy metal band Kittie.	In the Black	Kittie
performer	One More Goodnight Kiss is an album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown, released in 1988.	One More Goodnight Kiss	Greg Brown
performer	``When I Get Old'' is a song by the American punk rock band the Descendents, released as the second single from their 1996 album Everything Sucks.	When I Get Old	Descendents
performer	Old New Borrowed Blue is a 1996 album by folk rock band Fairport Convention, although for this release, they were billed as ``Fairport Acoustic Convention'' as it was the band's first all-acoustic album in 29 years.	Old New Borrowed Blue	Fairport Convention
performer	Fabula Magna is the third full-length studio album by German gothic metal band Coronatus.	Fabula Magna	Coronatus
performer	Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1992.	Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To	Norman Blake
performer	Models and Metrics is the third studio album by American jam band Family Groove Company released in 2008.	Models and Metrics	Family Groove Company
performer	Black Millenium (Grimly Reborn) was Mütiilation's comeback (song) album.	Black Millenium (Grimly Reborn)	Mütiilation
performer	Ready II Fly is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Naturally 7, which was released on September 30, 2006 through Virgin Germany Records.	Ready II Fly	Naturally 7
performer	Sik Fong (色放; Colour Release) is Cantopop-rock singer Candy Lo's third studio album.	Sik Fong	Candy Lo
performer	Rest in P is a 1994 posthumous album release by Parliament-Funkadelic guitarist Eddie Hazel.	Rest in P	Eddie Hazel
performer	The Kiss and Other Movements is the sixth album release by Michael Nyman, and the fifth recording (fourth full album) with the Michael Nyman Band.	The Kiss and Other Movements	Michael Nyman
performer	Static on the Airwaves is the tenth studio album by folk-punk rock band The Levellers.	Static on the Airwaves	Levellers
performer	``Piss Up a Rope'' is a song by the band Ween in 1996 from the album 12 Golden Country Greats.	Piss Up a Rope	Ween
performer	``Everyday Demons'' is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Answer.	Everyday Demons	The Answer
performer	``Lawdy Miss Clawdy'' is a rhythm and blues song by New Orleans singer/songwriter Lloyd Price that ``grandly introduced The New Orleans Sound''.	Lawdy Miss Clawdy	Lloyd Price
performer	``I Don't Remember'' is a song by Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger, from the album Dream Days at the Hotel Existence.	I Don't Remember	Powderfinger
performer	This Is My Heart is the first full-length studio album released in 2008 by alternative metal band Since October.	This Is My Heart	Since October
performer	``Money, Money'' is the first single from the album Thug World Order by the group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.	Money, Money	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony
performer	Silk Road of Love (simplified Chinese: 丝路; traditional Chinese: 絲路) is Malaysian Chinese Mandopop artist Fish Leong's (Chinese: 梁靜茹) seventh Mandarin studio album.	Silk Road of Love	Fish Leong
performer	Guitar Mashing is the second studio album produced by session guitarist and multi instrumentalist/composer Tim Scott, first released on 26 November 2008.	Guitar Mashing	Tim Scott
performer	Sneakin' Around is a collaborative album by American guitarists Chet Atkins and Jerry Reed, released in 1991.	Sneakin' Around	Chet Atkins
performer	It's the Ones Who've Cracked That the Light Shines Through is the second album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis.	It's the Ones Who've Cracked That the Light Shines Through	Jeffrey Lewis
performer	``The Closer I Get to You'' is a romantic ballad performed by American jazz, soul, R&B, and folk singer-songwriter Roberta Flack and American soul musician Donny Hathaway.	The Closer I Get to You	Roberta Flack	Donny Hathaway
performer	Thoughts Become Things II is the second studio album by Markus Schulz under his alias Dakota and was released on 1 July 2011.	Thoughts Become Things II	Markus Schulz
performer	The Beginning of the Enz is a 1979 release from New Zealand rock group Split Enz.	The Beginning of the Enz	Split Enz
performer	``How I Could Just Kill a Man'' is the debut single by hip hop group Cypress Hill from their eponymous debut album, Cypress Hill, and was their first major hit in 1991.	How I Could Just Kill a Man	Cypress Hill
performer	``Out of Tears'' is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on their 1994 album Voodoo Lounge.	Out of Tears	The Rolling Stones
performer	``Bringin' On the Heartbreak'' is a ballad originally recorded by British hard rock band Def Leppard.	Bringin' On the Heartbreak	Def Leppard
performer	My Kind of Jazz Part 3 is a 1975 album by Ray Charles released by Crossover Records.	My Kind of Jazz Part 3	Ray Charles
performer	Irrepetible (English: Unrepeatable) is a studio album by Puerto Rican salsa music Gilberto Santa Rosa released on June 29, 2010.	Irrepetible	Gilberto Santa Rosa
performer	Prayer for the Halcyon Fear is the debut album of folk rock band Tiny Lights, released in 1985 through Uriel Music.	Prayer for the Halcyon Fear	Tiny Lights
performer	``She Got It'' is the first single from 2 Pistols from his debut album Death Before Dishonor.	She Got It	2 Pistols
performer	``Thunder in the Mountains'' is the eighth UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1981.	Thunder in the Mountains	Toyah
performer	Cloud Dance is the debut album by American sitarist and composer Collin Walcott recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.	Cloud Dance	Collin Walcott
performer	Sin After Sin is the third studio album by English heavy metal group Judas Priest, released in 1977.	Sin After Sin	Judas Priest
performer	``Take This Ring'' is a song by American R&B singer--songwriter Toni Braxton from her fifth studio album, Libra (2005).	Take This Ring	Toni Braxton
performer	Three Lock Box is Sammy Hagar's seventh solo album, with appearances by Loverboy's Mike Reno, Journey's Jonathan Cain and Mr. Mister's Richard Page.	Three Lock Box	Sammy Hagar
performer	Forgotten Anthology is the sixth studio album by recording artist Ron ``Bumblefoot'' Thal released in April 2003.	Forgotten Anthology	Ron ``Bumblefoot'' Thal
performer	Countdown to Nowhere is the fourth full-length studio album from Allister, a pop punk band from Chicago, Illinois, released in Japan on June 16, 2010 and in the U.S. on October 5, 2010.	Countdown to Nowhere	Allister
performer	``Friends!'' is the seventeenth single released by Nami Tamaki on July 29, 2009.	Friends!	Nami Tamaki
performer	Live Dates is the first live album by the British rock band Wishbone Ash.	Live Dates	Wishbone Ash
performer	Quelque Part un Aigle is an 1982 album of the French singer Johnny Hallyday.	Quelque Part un Aigle	Johnny Hallyday
performer	Musta Lindu (re-released as Black Bird), is Värttinä's 2nd album, released in 1989 by Olarin Musiikki.	Musta Lindu	Värttinä
performer	Weltreise (The World Trip) is the 2nd studio album by German electronical act Schiller.	Weltreise	Schiller
performer	The Man Who Stepped into Yesterday (often abbreviated as TMWSIY) is a 1987 concept album written by Trey Anastasio, the guitarist and lead vocalist of the American rock band Phish, as his senior thesis while attending Goddard College.	The Man Who Stepped into Yesterday	Phish
performer	The Eraser is the debut solo album by Thom Yorke of the English alternative rock band Radiohead, released on 10 July 2006 on the independent label XL Recordings.	The Eraser	Thom Yorke
performer	``Spread My Wings'' is the title of a number-one R&B single by Troop.	Spread My Wings	Troop
performer	Please Come Home is the first acoustic solo mini-album by Dustin Kensrue, released in 2007.	Please Come Home	Dustin Kensrue
performer	Ashes Are Burning is the fourth studio album by the British progressive rock band Renaissance, released in 1973 (see 1973 in music).	Ashes Are Burning	Renaissance
performer	Failing Songs is an album by Matt Elliott, the second in the Drinking Songs Trilogy.	Failing Songs	Matt Elliott
performer	Smrt fašizmu (trans. Death to fascism) is the second studio album released by the Yugoslav/Bosnian band Plavi orkestar in 1986.	Smrt fašizmu	Plavi orkestar
performer	Last of the Country Gentlemen is a single disc album release from Texan musician Josh T. Pearson.	Last of the Country Gentlemen	Josh T. Pearson
performer	``Wild Honey Pie'' is a short song by the Beatles written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon--McCartney) and released on The Beatles (also known as the White Album).	Wild Honey Pie	The Beatles
performer	Stop Us If You've Heard This One Before Vol 1 is a covers album by British rock band The Wildhearts.	Stop Us If You've Heard This One Before	The Wildhearts
performer	Songs About Leaving is a 2002 indie rock album by Carissa's Wierd.	Songs About Leaving	Carissa's Wierd
performer	Obscure Alternatives is the second album by English new wave band Japan, released in October 1978 by record label Hansa.	Obscure Alternatives	Japan
performer	``Bob That Head'' is a song written by Gary LeVox, Neil Thrasher, and Michael Dulaney and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts.	Bob That Head	Rascal Flatts
performer	Mighty High is the eighth studio album by southern rock jam band Gov't Mule.	Mighty High	Gov't Mule
performer	The Other Side of the Coin is an acoustic album originally released in 1999 by Ann Beretta on Whitehouse Records.	The Other Side of the Coin	Ann Beretta
performer	``Not Now'' is a song by American rock band Blink-182, released on November 28, 2005, as the lead single from the group's first compilation album, Greatest Hits (2005).	Not Now	Blink-182
performer	The Prelude to A Tell Tale Heart is the first, full-length studio mix-tape released by Dawn Richard.	The Prelude to A Tell Tale Heart	Dawn Richard
performer	``Achy Breaky Song'' is a country song by American song parodist ``Weird Al'' Yankovic, released on his album Alapalooza, parodying the song ``Achy Breaky Heart'' by Billy Ray Cyrus.	Achy Breaky Song	Weird Al'' Yankovic
performer	Notre étoile (English: Our star)is the debut and only studio album of the French boy band Linkup made of Lionel Tim, Otis and Matthieu Tota (later on known as M. Pokora).	Notre étoile	Linkup
performer	To You All is the second album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus, released in 1977.	To You All	Krokus
performer	Ensemble (Victoriaville) 1988 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1988 and released on the Victo label.	Ensemble (Victoriaville) 1988	Anthony Braxton
performer	Do You Dream? is the third album by Markus Schulz, released on June 15, 2010.	Do You Dream?	Markus Schulz
performer	Space Eagle (the motion picture soundtrack) is officially the 3rd full length release from Alaska in Winter.	Space Eagle (the motion picture soundtrack)	Alaska in Winter
performer	Äio is the release from Estonian folk-metal group Metsatöll.	Äio	Metsatöll
performer	Vampires of Black Imperial Blood was Mütiilation's and The Black Legions first full-length album.	Vampires of Black Imperial Blood	Mütiilation
performer	Compathia is the fifth album release from experimental indie rock band, Six Organs of Admittance, released in 2003.	Compathia	Six Organs of Admittance
performer	In Spite of Ourselves is the 13th studio album of John Prine, featuring duets with various well-known female folk and alt-country vocalists, released in 1999.	In Spite of Ourselves	John Prine
performer	If You Ain't Lovin' (You Ain't Livin')`` is a song written by Tommy Collins and originally recorded by country music artist Faron Young.	If You Ain't Lovin' (You Ain't Livin')	Faron Young
performer	``No Deeper Meaning'' is a song written by Jay Supreme and Nosie Katzmann, and recorded by the German eurodance band Culture Beat.	No Deeper Meaning	Culture Beat
performer	Trick Bag is the seventh studio album by the funk group The Meters.	Trick Bag	The Meters
performer	Let's Build Something to Break is the debut full-length album by American rock band, After Midnight Project.	Let's Build Something to Break	After Midnight Project
performer	``Auteuil, Neuilly, Passy (rap BCBG)'' is a song recorded by the satiric group Les Inconnus in 1991.	Auteuil, Neuilly, Passy	Les Inconnus
performer	``The Angry Mob'' is a song by English indie band Kaiser Chiefs and is the title track to their second album, Yours Truly, Angry Mob.	The Angry Mob	Kaiser Chiefs
performer	Have Moicy! is the 1976 album released by Michael Hurley, The Unholy Modal Rounders, Jeffrey Frederick, & The Clamtones.	Have Moicy!	Michael Hurley
performer	``In the Crossfire'' is a rock song written by britpop band Starsailor, which talks about the suffering of people who have lived the Iraq war.	In the Crossfire	Starsailor
performer	A Few More Published Studies is the first full length album by the indie rock group The XYZ Affair.	A Few More Published Studies	The XYZ Affair
performer	Vemod is the title of the first studio album released by the Swedish art rock band Anekdoten.	Vemod	Anekdoten
performer	Kulanjan is a 1999 album by blues artist Taj Mahal and Malian kora-player Toumani Diabaté.	Kulanjan	Taj Mahal
performer	``NW5'' is a song by the band Madness, which was debuted live at the Brixton Academy in December 2006.	NW5	Madness
performer	``By Tomorrow'' is a single by British singer Sandie Shaw.	By Tomorrow	Sandie Shaw
performer	``The Breath You Take'' is a Grammy nominated song recorded by American country music artist George Strait, and the fourth single from his album Twang.	The Breath You Take	George Strait
performer	Kolma N'arrab (Whenever We Come Closer) is the eighteenth full-length Arabic studio album from Egyptian pop singer Angham.	Kolma N'arrab	Angham
performer	``Don't Rush Me'' is a song written by Alexandra Forbes and Jeff Franzel and performed by American singer Taylor Dayne.	Don't Rush Me	Taylor Dayne
performer	Free Flying Soul is the ninth studio album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir, released in 1996.	Free Flying Soul	The Choir
performer	``Perfekte Welle'' (German: Perfect wave), was the name of the first single of German pop/rock group Juli.	Perfekte Welle	Juli
performer	``If You Don't Want Me to Destroy You'' is the fourth single, and the last to be taken from the album Fuzzy Logic, by Super Furry Animals.	If You Don't Want Me to Destroy You	Super Furry Animals
performer	``Right Action'' is a song Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand.	Right Action	Franz Ferdinand
performer	``Glad You Came'' is a song by British-Irish boy band The Wanted, taken as the second single from their second studio album, Battleground.	Glad You Came	The Wanted
performer	Compass Rose Bouquet is the second album by the American rock band, Great Lakes Myth Society.	Compass Rose Bouquet	Great Lakes Myth Society
performer	Change Remains is the fourth album by the indie pop band Starlight Mints.	Change Remains	Starlight Mints
performer	``Life Is a Flower'' is a song by Ace of Base, released as their first single from their 1998 album Flowers.	Life Is a Flower	Ace of Base
performer	``Still Not a Player'' is a hip-hop song, written and performed by Puerto Rican-American rapper Big Pun (also known as Big Punisher), produced by Knobody and featuring singer Joe.	Still Not a Player	Big Pun	Joe
performer	``Street Spirit (Fade Out)'' (commonly referred to as ``Street Spirit'') is a song by English alternative rock band Radiohead, featured on their second studio album The Bends, which was released in 1995.	Street Spirit (Fade Out)	Radiohead
performer	``Mundo de caramelo'' is a song by Mexican actress and singer, Danna Paola.	Mundo de caramelo	Danna Paola
performer	``Where's Captain Kirk?'' is a 1979 single released by punk/new wave band Spizzenergi.	Where's Captain Kirk?	Spizzenergi
performer	Satiate is the first album released by Avail in 1992.	Satiate	Avail
performer	``Friday Party'' is the second single by Japanese pop group AAA.	Friday Party	AAA
performer	Stop at Nothing is the fourth album by the Maryland technical death metal band Dying Fetus.	Stop at Nothing	Dying Fetus
performer	San Ena Oniro (Greek: Σαν Ένα Όνειρο; English: Like a dream) is the first studio album by Greek Cypriot singer Ivi Adamou, released in Greece and Cyprus on 22 July 2011 by Sony Music Greece.	San Ena Oniro	Ivi Adamou
performer	``Psycho Savant'' is the third and final studio album by the metal band, Intruder.	Psycho Savant	Intruder
performer	``Twisted Transistor'' is a song written and recorded by American band Korn and The Matrix for Korn's seventh studio album, See You on the Other Side.	Twisted Transistor	Korn
performer	``Mercy, Mercy, Mercy'' is a song written by Joe Zawinul in 1966 for Julian ``Cannonball'' Adderley and his album Mercy, Mercy, Mercy!	Mercy, Mercy, Mercy	Cannonball'' Adderley
performer	The Great Arrival is a 1966 instrumental album by Sérgio Mendes.	The Great Arrival	Sérgio Mendes
performer	Back to the S**t! is a 1989 live album by R&B singer Millie Jackson.	Back to the S**t!	Millie Jackson
performer	Greatest Fits is a greatest hits album by the industrial band Ministry.	Greatest Fits	Ministry
performer	The Ol' Razzle Dazzle is the third studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Missy Higgins, and was released by Eleven on 1 June 2012.	The Ol' Razzle Dazzle	Missy Higgins
performer	Fragments of a Rainy Season is a 1992 live solo album by John Cale, performed at various locations during his 1992 tour.	Fragments of a Rainy Season	John Cale
performer	Learn the Hard Way is the fourth album by the American pop punk band The Copyrights, released on Red Scare Industries in 2008.	Learn the Hard Way	The Copyrights
performer	``For My Baby'' is a song by Full Flava featuring CeCe Peniston, written and produced by Rob Derbyshire and Paul ``Solomon'' Mullings.	For My Baby	Full Flava
performer	``Outside of a Small Circle of Friends'' is a song by Phil Ochs, a U.S. protest singer from the 1960s.	Outside of a Small Circle of Friends	Phil Ochs
performer	Straight??!! is the fifth studio album by English rock band The Dogs D'Amour.	Straight??!!	The Dogs D'Amour
performer	``Stamp Your Feet'' is a song by American singer Donna Summer, released by Sony Burgundy in April 2008 as a single from her 2008 album Crayons.	Stamp Your Feet	Donna Summer
performer	``Virtual Diva'' is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Don Omar from his third studio album iDon.	Virtual Diva	Don Omar
performer	I mine øjne (In my eyes) is a Danish song by the singer and songwriter Rasmus Seebach from the singer's second album Mer' end kærlighed.	I mine øjne	Rasmus Seebach
performer	Karma Cleansing is a 1997 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem.	Karma Cleansing	Harem Scarem
performer	``Flick of the Finger'' is the first song from British band Beady Eye's second album, BE, and the first song released from the album.	Flick of the Finger	Beady Eye
performer	``Bury Me'' is the first single by heavy metal band Black Tide from their second studio album, Post Mortem.	Bury Me	Black Tide
performer	The Mile End Sessions is the seventh album by solo artist David Usher.	The Mile End Sessions	David Usher
performer	Dream Babies Go Hollywood is a Studio Album released in 1980 by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio.	Dream Babies Go Hollywood	John Stewart
performer	``Eighteen Inches'' is a song written by Carrie Underwood, Ashley Gorley and Kelley Lovelace and recorded by American country music artist Lauren Alaina.	Eighteen Inches	Lauren Alaina
performer	Under the Sign of the Black Mark is the third studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory.	Under the Sign of the Black Mark	Bathory
performer	Blue Bash! is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell with organist Jimmy Smith recorded in 1963 and released on the Verve label.	Blue Bash!	Kenny Burrell
performer	``That Day When She Needed Me'' (also known as ``I was a Thousand Miles Away That Day When She Needed Me''), is a 1964 R&B song by the Motown Records group The Contours, on the label's Gordy Records subsidiary imprint.	That Day When She Needed Me	The Contours
performer	Rosas del Amor is a 1987 flamenco album, the debut solo album of Spanish guitarist Tomatito.	Rosas del Amor	Tomatito
performer	``Save Our Love'' is a song recorded by the British R&B girl group Eternal.	Save Our Love	Eternal
performer	Capuchin Swing is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label.	Capuchin Swing	Jackie McLean
performer	``Idioteque'' is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, featured as the eighth track from their 2000 album Kid A. Although never released a single as with all other songs on the album, it has since become one of the band's most famous and popular songs amongst critics and fans.	Idioteque	Radiohead
performer	The Road and the Radio is the tenth studio album by country music artist Kenny Chesney, released on November 8, 2005.	The Road and the Radio	Kenny Chesney
performer	``Love Is a Stranger'' is the fifth single by the British rock/pop duo Eurythmics.	Love Is a Stranger	Eurythmics
performer	Roadkill Rising is a compilation box set release of Iggy Pop's music, released by Shout!	Roadkill Rising	Iggy Pop
performer	``Ms. Chocolate'' is the first official single from Lil Jon's 2010 album Crunk Rock.	Ms. Chocolate	Lil Jon
performer	``Rock Lobster'' is a song written by Fred Schneider and Ricky Wilson, two members of The B-52's.	Rock Lobster	The B-52's
performer	The Midnight Room is the fifth studio album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2007.	The Midnight Room	Jennifer Gentle
performer	Narcotango en vivo is a live album by Argentine Carlos Libedinsky.	Narcotango en vivo	Carlos Libedinsky
performer	The Ultra Zone is a 1999 album from guitarist Steve Vai.	The Ultra Zone	Steve Vai
performer	Scream Aim Fire is the second studio album by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine, released on 28 January 2008 in the UK and the preceding day in the US through Jive Records.	Scream Aim Fire	Bullet for My Valentine
performer	``Like Yesterday''is Japanese band The Brilliant Green's 18th single, released on February 24, 2010.	Like Yesterday	The Brilliant Green
performer	Profane Genocidal Creations is the second full album of the German melodic black metal band Dark Fortress.	Profane Genocidal Creations	Dark Fortress
performer	Be Your Alibi is the debut studio album by indie rock band The Race.	Be Your Alibi	The Race
performer	The Little Giant is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin and his all-star sextet, released on the Riverside label in 1959.	The Little Giant	Johnny Griffin
performer	Graffiti Blues is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1973 and released on the Mainstream label.	Graffiti Blues	Blue Mitchell
performer	Gutter Water is the debut studio album by American hiphop duo Gangrene, which consits of rappers/producers The Alchemist and Oh No. The album was released on November 22, 2010.	Gutter Water	Gangrene
performer	``Christmas in Fallujah'' is a single written by Billy Joel and performed by Cass Dillon.	Christmas in Fallujah	Billy Joel	Cass Dillon
performer	Country-Folk is a 1969 album by Waylon Jennings featuring the Kimberlys on vocals released on RCA Victor.	Country-Folk	Waylon Jennings
performer	Superfuzz Bigmuff Plus Early Singles is a compilation album by the grunge band Mudhoney.	Superfuzz Bigmuff Plus Early Singles	Mudhoney
performer	Rua 47 (Portuguese for 47th Street) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian rock band Capital Inicial.	Rua 47	Capital Inicial
performer	Kjærlighetsviser is an album of love songs by the Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreassen.	Kjærlighetsviser	Elisabeth Andreassen
performer	Xtra-Acme USA is the US follow up to the album Acme by the group Jon Spencer Blues Explosion.	Xtra-Acme USA	Jon Spencer Blues Explosion
place of birth	Born in Brockville, Ontario, Randy Sexton attended St. Lawrence University from 1978 until 1982 on a hockey scholarship after playing for the Cornwall Royals.	Randy Sexton	Brockville
place of birth	John L. Lawrence (October 2, 1785 New York City -- July 24, 1849 New York City) was an American lawyer, diplomat and politician from New York.	John L. Lawrence	New York City
place of birth	Osvaldo Ríos Alonso (born October 25, 1960 in Carolina, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican actor, model, singer, and guitarist, who is best known for his roles in telenovelas.	Osvaldo Ríos	Carolina, Puerto Rico
place of birth	Wan Mohd Hoesne Wan Hussain (born 2 September 1987) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a Striker for Selangor FA.	Wan Mohd Hoesne Wan Hussain	Selangor
place of birth	Caparezza (kapaˈrɛttsa), meaning ``Curly Head'' in Molfetta's dialect), is the pseudonym of Michele Salvemini (born 9 October 1973), an Italian rapper.	Caparezza	Molfetta
place of birth	Zeki Önder Özen (born 17 October 1969 in Eskişehir) is a Turkish soccer coach and former player.	Önder Özen	Eskişehir
place of birth	Grady Brewer, (born December 22, 1970 in Lawton, Oklahoma), is a professional boxer.	Grady Brewer	Lawton
place of birth	Harry Alcock was a footballer who played in the Football League for Walsall.	Harry Alcock	Walsall
place of birth	Bart Dockx (born 2 September 1981 in Turnhout, Antwerp) is a former Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional from 2004 to 2011.	Bart Dockx	Turnhout
place of birth	Jason Castriota is an American automobile designer born in White Plains, New York, and raised in Greenwich, Connecticut.	Jason Castriota	White Plains
place of birth	Predrag Stevanović (born 3 March 1991 in Essen) is a German-born Serbian footballer who is currently a free agent.	Predrag Stevanović	Essen
place of birth	Nadya Ochner (born March 14, 1993 in Merano) is an Italian snowboarder, specializing in Alpine snowboarding.	Nadya Ochner	Merano
place of birth	Anton Cargnelli (1 February 1889 - 27 June 1974) most commonly known as Tony Cargnelli, was an Austrian football player and manager from Vienna.	Tony Cargnelli	Vienna
place of birth	Rachael Wooding is a Yorkshire born musical theatre performer, best known for her performances in We Will Rock You, playing Meat and Scaramouche.	Rachael Wooding	Yorkshire
place of birth	Steffi Martin (later as Steffi Walter, born 17 September 1962, Bad Schlema, Saxony) is an East German luger who competed during the 1980s.	Steffi Martin	Bad Schlema
place of birth	Emanuel Lasker was born on December 24, 1868 at Berlinchen in Neumark (now Barlinek in Poland), the son of a Jewish cantor.	Emanuel Lasker	Barlinek
place of birth	Ye Chongqiu (Chinese: 叶重秋; Pinyin: Yè Chóngqiū; born 29 September 1992 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin.	Ye Chongqiu	Shanghai
place of birth	Mike Cerrone (born June 9, 1957) is an American actor and screenwriter from Rhode Island.	Mike Cerrone	Rhode Island
place of birth	He was born in Greytown, Natal as one of 13 children born to Louis Botha Senior (26 March 1827 -- 5 July 1883) and Salomina Adriana van Rooyen (31 March 1829 -- 9 January 1886).	Louis Botha	Greytown
place of birth	Heiko Maile (born 12 January 1966 in Sydney) is a German musician and composer.	Heiko Maile	Sydney
place of birth	Francesco Panetta (born 10 January 1963 in Siderno) is a former Italian long-distance runner, who won several medals at international championships in the 1980s.	Francesco Panetta	Siderno
place of birth	Lourdes Robles is a singer-songwriter and actress, born in San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Lourdes Robles	San Juan
place of birth	Antonio Maria Pacchioni (baptised 5 July 1654 - 15 July 1738) of Modena was a Baroque composer, known for his polyphonic church music.	Antonio Maria Pacchioni	Modena
place of birth	João Henrique de Andrade Amaral (born 13 October 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer, who is currently a free agent.	João Henrique de Andrade Amaral	São Paulo
place of birth	Thierry Toutain (born February 14, 1962 in Fourmies) is a retired French race walker.	Thierry Toutain	Fourmies
place of birth	Boris O'Klein, born Arthur Boris O'Klein, (Moscow, September 26, 1893 -- 1985), a French artist and cartoonist.	Boris O'Klein	Moscow
place of birth	Anthony Ryan Leslie (born September 25, 1978), professionally known as Ryan Leslie, is an American recording artist and record producer from Washington, D.C..	Ryan Leslie	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Jane Louise Curry, born September 24, 1932 in East Liverpool, Ohio, is a prolific author of adventure, fantasy, mystery, time travel, and American Indian tales for older children and teenagers.	Jane Louise Curry	East Liverpool
place of birth	Moussa Dagnogo (born January 30, 1972 in Paris) is a former French footballer who formerly worked as Head Coach of Carmel United Soccer Club.	Moussa Dagnogo	Paris
place of birth	Maximilian Friedrich von Königsegg-Rothenfels (13 May 1708 -- 15 April 1784) was the Archbishop-Elector of Cologne and the Bishop of Münster from 1761 to 1784.	Maximilian Friedrich von Königsegg-Rothenfels	Cologne
place of birth	Ahmed El Maanouni is a screenwriter, film director, cinematographer, actor and producer born in Casablanca.	Ahmed El Maanouni	Casablanca
place of birth	Sun Zheng'ao (Chinese: 孙正傲; pinyin: Sūn Zhèng'ào; born 8 March 1994 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shenzhen FC in the China League One.	Sun Zheng'ao	Qingdao
place of birth	Arthur Horsfield (born 5 July 1946 in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland, England) is a former football striker.	Arthur Horsfield	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Ben Becker (born 19 December 1964 in Bremen) is a German film and theatre actor.	Ben Becker	Bremen
place of birth	Nissim Behar (1848--1931) was a Sephardi Jewish educator, born in Jerusalem, and long associated with the Alliance Israélite Universelle, both there and in the Diaspora.	Nissim Behar	Jerusalem
place of birth	Yuan Xikun (born 1944 in Kunming, Yunnan Province) is a Chinese visual artist and environmental activist.	Yuan Xikun	Kunming
place of birth	Wayne Gill (born 28 November 1975 in Chorley, Lancashire) is an English former footballer and current physio for Fulham FC	Wayne Gill	Chorley
place of birth	Wilhelm Schitli (26 June 1912 in Osnabrück -- 31 March 1945 (missing)) was a German SS-Hauptsturmführer and Schutzhaftlagerführer in the Neuengamme concentration camp.	Wilhelm Schitli	Osnabrück
place of birth	Sir Robert Hales, also called Robert de Hales, was born about 1325 in Hales Place, High Halden, Kent, the son of Nicholas Hales.	Robert Hales	Kent
place of birth	Olsen Racela, born on November 1 in Quezon City, Philippines, was so named because he was born on All Saint's Day (his brother Nash was born on National Heroes' Day).	Olsen Racela	Quezon City
place of birth	In 1648, Paul Strudel was born, as would be his younger brothers, Peter and Dominik, in Cles in the Val di Non in the County of Tyrol, where his father Jakob worked as a sculptor.	Paul Strudel	Cles
place of birth	Jovita Idár (September 7, 1885 -- June 15, 1946) was an American journalist, political activist and civil rights worker, born in Laredo, Texas in 1885.	Jovita Idár	Laredo
place of birth	Saville Sax was born in New York City on July 26, 1924 and went by the name of Sarry Sax.	Saville Sax	New York City
place of birth	Stephen Armstrong (born 23 July 1976 in Birkenhead) is an English-born South African former footballer who spent the majority of his career with clubs in the United States.	Stephen Armstrong	Birkenhead
place of birth	Andrew Hayden-Smith (born Andrew John Smith, 5 November 1983 in Gateshead, England) is a British actor and voiceover artist and former television presenter.	Andrew Hayden-Smith	Gateshead
place of birth	Jessica Gregg (born March 16, 1988, in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian short track speed skater.	Jessica Gregg	Edmonton
place of birth	Pavel Pavel (born March 11, 1957 in Strakonice) is a Czech engineer and experimental archaeologist best known for investigating how ancient civilizations transported heavy weights.	Pavel Pavel	Strakonice
place of birth	Hannes Reinmayr (born 23 August 1969 in Vienna) is a retired Austrian football player who currently works as manager of SV Gössendorf.	Hannes Reinmayr	Vienna
place of birth	Michele Francesco Puccioni (April 26, 1961 -- January 30, 2009), better known under his stage name Mike Francis, was an Italian singer and composer, born in Florence.	Mike Francis	Florence
place of birth	Alexander Resch (born 5 April 1979 in Berchtesgaden, Bavaria) is a German luger who competed from 1998 to 2010.	Alexander Resch	Berchtesgaden
place of birth	Galina Kakovkina (Russian: Каковкина Галина Александровна; born January 10, 1957, Gorky (Nizhniy Novgorod)) is a Russian artist, a painter, representative of the Nizhny Novgorod underground, and one of the founders of the creative association of artists Cherny Prud (Black Pond).	Galina Kakovkina	Nizhny Novgorod
place of birth	Gregorio Correr (Corraro) (1409 -- 1464) was an Italian humanist and ecclesiastic from Venice.	Gregorio Correr	Venice
place of birth	Nell Dixon (born in England, UK) is a British writer of romance novels since 2006.	Nell Dixon	England
place of birth	Ariana Grande-Butera was born in Boca Raton, Florida, to Joan Grande, chief executive officer of telephone and alarm system company Hose-McCann Communications, and Edward Butera, who owns a graphic design firm in Boca Raton.	Ariana Grande	Boca Raton
place of birth	Sandra Kitt was born in New York City as the eldest of four children.	Sandra Kitt	New York City
place of birth	Adilson dos Santos Souza, commonly known as Adilson, (born 18 February 1987 in Barra do Rocha) is a Brazilian football player, currently playing as a Striker for Yangon United F.C.	Adilson dos Santos Souza	Barra do Rocha
place of birth	Catarina Ruivo (b. Coimbra, 1971), Portuguese film director.	Catarina Ruivo	Coimbra
place of birth	Sérgio Abreu (born Sérgio Luis Coutinho Abreu on October 16, 1975, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian actor and reality television personality, best known for being the runner-up of the third season of the Brazilian version of The Farm.	Sérgio Abreu	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Branko Zupan (born 22 September 1964 in Ljubljana) is a former Slovenian footballer, who last managed Kras Repen in the Eccellenza Friuli.	Branko Zupan	Ljubljana
place of birth	Earl Oliver was born in Indianapolis, Indiana but later moved with his family to Southern California.	Earl Oliver	Indianapolis
place of birth	Matteo Placida (born August 22, 1978 in Lecco) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for U.S. Olginatese.	Matteo Placida	Lecco
place of birth	Henry Clay Folger, Jr. was born in New York City to Henry Clay Folger, Sr. of Nantucket, MA and Eliza Jane (Clark) Folger of New York, the oldest of their eight children.	Henry Clay Folger	New York City
place of birth	Salvatore Pelle (born in San Luca, Calabria, December 4, 1957), also known as Sarvu Gambazza is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.	Salvatore Pelle	San Luca
place of birth	Suleiman Frangieh was a scion of one of the leading Maronite families of Zgharta, near Tripoli; the family's name comes from the Greek Φρὰγκοι (pron. ``Franggi''), after the Franks.	Suleiman Frangieh	Zgharta
place of birth	Mary Mara (born September 21, 1960) is an American TV and film actress from Syracuse, New York known for her recurring role as Inspector Bryn Carson on Nash Bridges and primetime dramas ER and Law & Order.	Mary Mara	Syracuse
place of birth	Hayyim ben Joseph Vital (רבי חיים ויטל) Safed, October 11, 1542 --	Hayyim ben Joseph Vital	Safed
place of birth	Liu Chunhong (simplified Chinese: 刘春红; traditional Chinese: 劉春紅; pinyin: Liú Chūnhóng; born January 29, 1985 in Yantai, Shandong) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Liu Chunhong	Yantai
place of birth	Vincenzo Palumbo (born 17 May 1974 in Heilbronn) is a German footballer of Italian descent who plays as a striker for Virtus Casarano.	Vincenzo Palumbo	Heilbronn
place of birth	He was born at Southampton, where his father Richard Mant D.D. was headmaster of the King Edward VI School.	Richard Mant	Southampton
place of birth	Lucy Clifford was born Lucy Lane in London, the daughter of John Lane of Barbados.	Lucy Clifford	London
place of birth	Giovanni Bellucci (born Rome, August 31, 1965) is an Italian pianist.	Giovanni Bellucci	Rome
place of birth	Joseph Warren Holmes was born on April 1, 1824 in Mystic, Connecticut Joseph Warren Holmes's father was Jeremiah Holmes.	Joseph Warren Holmes	Mystic
place of birth	Thomas Hinds was born in Berkeley County, Virginia, (now part of West Virginia), on January 9, 1780.	Thomas Hinds	Berkeley County
place of birth	Kanfory Sylla (born 7 July 1980 in Conakry) is a Guinean football defensive all-arounder who currently plays for Zakho FC in the Iraqi Premier League.	Kanfory Sylla	Conakry
place of birth	Francis John Linnell was born on Isle of Thanet, Margate and was educated at Bloxham School.	Francis John Linnell	Margate
place of birth	Bjørn Arve Lund (born 19 January 1981 in Brønnøysund) is a football player for Levanger in the Norwegian second division.	Bjørn Arve Lund	Brønnøysund
place of birth	Cordelia Fine (born 1975 Toronto, Canada) is a Canadian-born British academic psychologist and writer.	Cordelia Fine	Toronto
place of birth	Mehdi Sohrabi (Persian: مهدی سهرابی ‎‎, born 12 October 1981 in Zanjan) is an Iranian professional racing cyclist, who as of 2013 rides for the Tabriz Petrochemical Team.	Mehdi Sohrabi	Zanjan
place of birth	Royce Brownlie was born in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales and began his football career at the Queensland Academy of Sport, representing them in the National Youth League in the 1996--97 and 1997--98 seasons.	Royce Brownlie	Coffs Harbour
place of birth	Mona Ghosh Shetty (Hindi: मोना घोष शेट्टी, Bengali: মনা ঘোষ শিল্পা; born 22 April 1978 in Mumbai) is an Indian voice-dubbing artist, singer and director.	Mona Ghosh Shetty	Mumbai
place of birth	Gary Donatelli (born March 11, 1951 in Northbrook, Illinois, USA) is an American television soap opera director.	Gary Donatelli	Northbrook, Illinois
place of birth	Taruni Sachdev was born in Mumbai to a city-based industrialist, Haresh Sachdev and his wife Geeta Sachdev.	Taruni Sachdev	Mumbai
place of birth	Drago Mamić (born February 9, 1954 in Valjevo, Serbia) is a Serbian-born Croatian former football player and manager, currently managing Maldives.	Drago Mamić	Valjevo
place of birth	Randy Collins was born in Gambo, Newfoundland and Labrador and graduated from Smallwood Academy.	Randy Collins	Gambo, Newfoundland and Labrador
place of birth	Thomas Pelham Dale was born at Greenwich on 3 April 1821 and grew up in Beckenham, Kent.	Pelham Dale	Greenwich
place of birth	Nicola Fabrizi (4 April 1804 -- 31 March 1885) was an Italian patriot, born at Sassi, Garfagnana under the jurisdiction of Modena.	Nicola Fabrizi	Modena
place of birth	Marvin Lewis was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of McDonald, Pennsylvania.	Marvin Lewis	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Radu Sîrbu (also known as Radu Sârbu, RadU, and Picasso; born 14 December 1978 in Peresecina, Moldavian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Moldovan singer.	Radu Sîrbu	Peresecina
place of birth	Jolanda Keizer (born 5 April 1985 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a Dutch heptathlete.	Jolanda Keizer	Amsterdam
place of birth	Rosa Maria Pereira Murtinho (born October 24, 1939 in Belém), known professionally as Rosamaria Murtinho, is a Brazilian actress.	Rosamaria Murtinho	Belém
place of birth	Born in 1541, in either the village of Fodele or Candia (the Venetian name of Chandax, present day Heraklion) on Crete, El Greco was descended from a prosperous urban family, which had probably been driven out of Chania to Candia after an uprising against the Venetians between 1526 and 1528.	El Greco	Heraklion
place of birth	Malcolm Caldwell was born in Scotland, the son of a coal miner.	Malcolm Caldwell	Scotland
place of birth	Alaa Kadhim (born 1 July 1970) is an Iraqi football Striker who played for both the Iraq and Talaba SC, where he was also the club president.	Alaa Kadhim	Iraq
place of birth	Kimberley Davies (born 20 February 1973 in Ballarat, Victoria) is an Australian actress most famous for playing Annalise Hartman on the Australian soap opera Neighbours from 1993 to 1996.	Kimberley Davies	Ballarat
place of birth	A native of Bjelovar, Boris Buzančić began acting very early.	Boris Buzančić	Bjelovar
place of birth	Torben Bernhard (born March 5, 1983) is an American documentary filmmaker and rap artist originally from Kalamazoo, Michigan, and currently residing in Orem, Utah.	Torben Bernhard	Kalamazoo
place of birth	Giovanni Mercati was born in Villa Gaida, Reggio Emilia, to a devout Christian family.	Giovanni Mercati	Reggio Emilia
place of birth	John Hunt Morgan was born in Huntsville, Alabama, the eldest of ten children of Calvin and Henrietta (Hunt) Morgan.	John Hunt Morgan	Huntsville
place of birth	Guido Trenti (born December 27, 1972 in Milan) is an American-Italian professional road racing cyclist who has ridden in each of the three Grand Tours.	Guido Trenti	Milan
place of birth	Hamza Yerlikaya (born June 6, 1976, in Kadıköy, Istanbul) is a Turkish Graeco-Roman style wrestler.	Hamza Yerlikaya	Istanbul
place of birth	Oksana Bilozir was born on 30 May 1957 in Smyha settlement, Dubno Raion, Rivne Oblast, Ukrainian SSR (now Ukraine).	Oksana Bilozir	Dubno Raion
place of birth	Piotr Polk (born January 22, 1962 in Kalety) is a Polish actor and singer.	Piotr Polk	Kalety
place of birth	Damian Keeley (born 14 February 1963) is an English former professional footballer, born in Salford, who played in the Football League for Torquay United on a non-contract basis.	Damian Keeley	Salford
place of birth	Milen Kikarin (Bulgarian: Милен Кикарин; born 18 August 1992) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a left back for CSKA Sofia.	Milen Kikarin	Sofia
place of birth	Mark Kostabi was born in Los Angeles on November 27, 1960, to Estonian immigrants Kaljo and Rita Kostabi.	Mark Kostabi	Los Angeles
place of birth	Born in Bijeljina, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Admir Smajić began his career in his local town with FK Radnik Bijeljina.	Admir Smajić	Bijeljina
place of birth	John Durang was born in Lancaster, in the home of his mother's sister, but he grew up mostly in nearby York (aka Yorktown).	John Durang	Lancaster
place of birth	Nik Cohn (also written Nick Cohn) is a British rock journalist, born in London in 1946.	Nik Cohn	London
place of birth	Rudolf Kerner (21 February 1910 in Saarbrücken - ? 1998) was a German SS-Hauptsturmführer and crime commissioner.	Rudolf Kerner	Saarbrücken
place of birth	Isolda Dychauk was born in 1993 in Surgut (West Siberia) and moved to Berlin in 2002 with her mother.	Isolda Dychauk	Surgut
place of birth	Mohsen Hashtroodi (Persian: محسن هشترودی‎‎, December 13, 1908, Tabriz -- September 4, 1976, Tehran) was an Iranian mathematician.	Mohsen Hashtroodi	Tabriz
place of birth	Unico Wilhelm van Wassenaer was born in the family castle of Twickel, near Delden, on 30 October 1692, the son of Jacob van Wassenaer Obdam (1645-1714) and Adriana Sophia Raesfelt (died 1694).	Unico Wilhelm van Wassenaer	Delden
place of birth	Karsten Greve (* 15 September 1946 in Dahme, Brandenburg) is a German art dealer.	Karsten Greve	Dahme
place of birth	Engler, a Roman Catholic, was born in Mount Pleasant, Michigan on October 12, 1948 to Mathias John Engler and his wife, Agnes Marie (née Neyer), but grew up on a cattle farm near Beal City.	John Engler	Mount Pleasant
place of birth	Andi Rianto is a noted Indonesian film score composer who has worked on several of Indonesia's most popular films.	Andi Rianto	Indonesia
place of birth	Brandon Quinn (born Brandon Quinn Swierenga October 7, 1977, in Aurora, Colorado) is a television and film actor.	Brandon Quinn	Aurora
place of birth	Antônio Carlos Rodrigues dos Santos Júnior, better known as Antônio (born March 30, 1989 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Antônio Carlos Rodrigues dos Santos Júnior	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Alan Riding (born 8 December 1943, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a British author and journalist.	Alan Riding	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Isabelle Ithurburu was born in Pau in the department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques, the daughter of a grocerystore owner of Basque origin.	Isabelle Ithurburu	Pau
place of birth	Vladimir Martynov (Russian: Влад́имир Ив́анович Марты́нов) (Moscow, 20 February 1946) is a Russian composer, known for his music in the concerto, orchestral music, chamber music and choral music genres.	Vladimir Martynov	Moscow
place of birth	Arash T. Riahi (born August 22, 1972 in Iran) is an Austrian-Iranian independent filmmaker and screenwriter who has lived in Vienna since 1982.	Arash T. Riahi	Iran
place of birth	Simona Caparrini is an Italian actress, born in Florence.	Simona Caparrini	Florence
place of birth	Bruno de Witte (born 1955 in Kortrijk) is a Belgian legal scholar.	Bruno de Witte	Kortrijk
place of birth	Lukáš Kyselica (born 16 September 1993 in Trenčín) is a Slovak football	Lukáš Kyselica	Trenčín
place of birth	María Soledad Iparraguirre Guenechea (born Eskoriatza, 1961), known as ``Marisol'' until 1994 and ``Anboto'' thereafter, is a senior figure in the Basque separatist group ETA and the second woman, after Dolores González Cataráin (alias ``Yoyes''), to be a member of ETA's executive.	María Soledad Iparraguirre	Eskoriatza
place of birth	Sasi Kalinga was born as Chandrakumar to Chandrasekharan Nair and Sukumari at Kunnamangalam, Kozhikode.	Sasi Kalinga	Kunnamangalam
place of birth	Lee Swaby (born 14 May 1976) is a professional heavyweight boxer from Lincoln, Lincolnshire.	Lee Swaby	Lincoln
place of birth	Jearl Walker (born 1945 in Pensacola, Florida) is a physicist noted for his book Flying Circus of Physics, first published in 1975; the second edition was published in June 2006.	Jearl Walker	Pensacola
place of birth	Aloísio dos Santos Gonçalves or simply Aloísio (born June 10 1988 in Araranguá) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Shandong Luneng as a striker.	Aloísio dos Santos Gonçalves	Araranguá
place of birth	Mateusz Didenkow (born April 22, 1987 in Gdynia) is a retired Polish track and field athlete who competed in the pole vault.	Mateusz Didenkow	Gdynia
place of birth	Born in Townsville, Queensland, Ellis Wackett was the third and youngest child of James, an English-born storekeeper, and Alice Wackett (née Lawrence).	Ellis Wackett	Townsville
place of birth	Amrit Kaur was born on 2 February 1889 in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh (then United Provinces), India.	Amrit Kaur	Lucknow
place of birth	Shea Emry (born April 23, 1986 in Richmond, British Columbia) is a former Canadian football linebacker who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League (CFL).	Shea Emry	Richmond
place of birth	Émile Eddé (1886, Damascus - 28 September 1949) (Arabic: إميل أده‎) was a Maronite Lebanese political figure.	Émile Eddé	Damascus
place of birth	Born in Bacău, Victor Anestin was the son of actor Ion Anestin.	Victor Anestin	Bacău
place of birth	Valentin Bulgakov was the son of an official of the city of Kuznetsk (now Novokuznetsk).	Valentin Bulgakov	Novokuznetsk
place of birth	Ryu Kum-chel is a manhwa (Korean comics) artist from Daejeon, South Korea.	Ryu Kum-chel	Daejeon
place of birth	Aura Herzog was born in Egypt, to a Jewish family originating in Russia and Poland, the daughter of Leah (Steinberg) and Simcha Ambache, an engineer.	Aura Herzog	Egypt
place of birth	Gennaro Ruotolo (born 20 March 1967 in Santa Maria a Vico, Province of Caserta) is an Italian former footballer and former manager of Treviso.	Gennaro Ruotolo	Santa Maria a Vico
place of birth	José María Lamamié de Clairac y de la Colina (16 August 1887 in Salamanca -- 27 April 1956 in Salamanca) was a Spanish politician, lawyer, Salamancan landowner, a right-wing Catholic, a Carlist Traditionalist deputy during the Spanish Second Republic.	José María Lamamié de Clairac	Salamanca
place of birth	Darvydas Šernas (born 22 July 1984 in Alytus) is a professional Lithuanian footballer, who most recently played for Alanyaspor in the TFF First League.	Darvydas Šernas	Alytus
place of birth	Dorota Siudek (née: Zagórska) (Polish pronunciation: (dɔˈrɔta (zaˈɡurska) ˈɕudɛk); born 9 September 1975 in Kraków) is a Polish retired pair skater who is now a coach.	Dorota Siudek	Kraków
place of birth	Barbara Lah (born 24 March 1972 in Gorizia) is an Italian triple jumper, whose personal best jump is 14.38 metres, at the 2003 World Championships in Paris.	Barbara Lah	Gorizia
place of birth	Leon Helena Sylvain Nolens (Bree, 11 April 1947), pseudonym Leonard Nolens, is a Belgian poet and diary writer.	Leonard Nolens	Bree
place of birth	Herman Li (Chinese: 李康敏; born October 3, 1976) is a Hong Kong-born, British Chinese musician and record producer.	Herman Li	Hong Kong
place of birth	Christine was born Virginia Christine Ricketts in Stanton in Montgomery County in southwestern Iowa.	Virginia Christine	Iowa
place of birth	Oliver-Sven Buder (born 23 June 1966 in Steinheidel-Erlabrunn, Saxony) is a German track and field athlete, who in the 1990s belonged to the best shot-putters in the world.	Oliver-Sven Buder	Erlabrunn
place of birth	Dr. Robert J. LeRoy (born September 30, 1943 in Ottawa) is one of Canada's leading chemists and is currently a University Professor at the University of Waterloo.	Robert J. LeRoy	Ottawa
place of birth	William Lundy was allegedly born near Troy, in Pike County, Alabama, on January 18, 1848 (also reported at Coffee Springs, Coffee County).	William Lundy	Troy
place of birth	Jarrad Ross is an Australian soccer player who plays for A-League club Newcastle Jets.	Jarrad Ross	Newcastle
place of birth	Tewhida Ben Sheikh (also Tawhida Ben Cheikh, Taouhida Ben Cheikh) (January 2, 1909 in Tunis -- December 6, 2010) was the first modern Muslim woman in North Africa to become a physician.	Tewhida Ben Sheikh	Tunis
place of birth	Magali Rousseau (born March 10, 1988 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a French swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Magali Rousseau	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of birth	Michel de Senarclens (Paris, 17 June 1951) better known first as Sarcloret then today Sarclo is a French born Swiss singer.	Sarclo	Paris
place of birth	Elea-Mariama Diarra (born March 8, 1990 in Lyon) is a French athlete, specialising in the 400 meters.	Elea-Mariama Diarra	Lyon
place of birth	Tony Leblanc was born on the grounds of the Museo del Prado at Madrid, where his family lived because of his father's employment as the museum's janitor.	Tony Leblanc	Madrid
place of birth	Michael Holve (born November 16, 1967 in Huntington, NY) is an American author, photographer, programmer and Linux practitioner.	Michael Holve	Huntington
place of birth	Sara Agnes Rice Pryor, born Sara Agnes Rice (1830--1912), was an American writer and community activist in New York City.	Sara Agnes Rice Pryor	New York City
place of birth	Henry Butler (born September 21, 1949, New Orleans, Louisiana) is an American jazz pianist.	Henry Butler	New Orleans
place of birth	Malva Schalek was born in Prague to a German-speaking Jewish intellectual family active in the Czech national movement.	Malva Schalek	Prague
place of birth	Mauro Amenta (born 23 October 1953 in Orbetello) is a former Italian footballer player.	Mauro Amenta	Orbetello
place of birth	Joe Penhall (born 1967) is a British playwright and screenwriter from London, best known for his award-winning stage play ``Blue/Orange'' and the award winning West End musical ``Sunny Afternoon.''	Joe Penhall	London
place of birth	Born at Sandford-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, William Stroudley began work in 1847 at the local paper mill and in the same year he was apprenticed to John Inshaw's engineering firm in Birmingham.	William Stroudley	Sandford-on-Thames
place of birth	Raffaele Amato (born in Naples on November 11, 1965) is an Italian Camorra boss and head of the Scissionisti di Secondigliano, a Camorra clan from Naples.	Raffaele Amato	Naples
place of birth	Didier Sornette (born June 25, 1957 in Paris) is Professor on the Chair of Entrepreneurial Risks at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich (ETH Zurich).	Didier Sornette	Paris
place of birth	Rinaldo Mantovano, also called Domenico Rinaldo, was an Italian painter from Mantua who was active between 1527 and 1539.	Rinaldo Mantovano	Mantua
place of birth	Eric Kaz born Eric Justin Kaz, January 21, 1946, is a singer-songwriter who was born in Brooklyn.	Eric Kaz	Brooklyn
place of birth	Tim Reynolds (born 15 December 1957 in Wiesbaden, Germany) is a Grammy nominated multi-instrumentalist known as both a solo artist and as a lead guitarist for the Dave Matthews Band.	Tim Reynolds	Wiesbaden
place of birth	Araik Tunyan ( born on January 6, 1966, Stepanavan) PhD in law sciences, docent, The Member of the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Armenia.	Araik Tunyan	Stepanavan
place of birth	Drauzin Angelle (December 25, 1871 -- December 19, 1958) was an American farmer and a politician from St. Martin Parish in south U.S. state of Louisiana.	Drauzin Angelle	St. Martin Parish
place of birth	John Levene (born John Anthony Woods, 24 December 1941 in Salisbury, Wiltshire) is an English actor.	John Levene	Salisbury
place of birth	Danuta Mizgalska is Polish singer from Poznań.	Danuta Mizgalska	Poznań
place of birth	Pelin Esmer (born 1972, Istanbul) is a Turkish screenwriter and director.	Pelin Esmer	Istanbul
place of birth	Amy Castle (born Amy Jessica Castle on April 2, 1990, in Woodland Hills, California) is an American actress, and internet personality.	Amy Castle	Woodland Hills
place of birth	Nathaniel Branden was born Nathan Blumenthal in Brampton, Ontario, and grew up alongside three sisters, two older and one younger.	Nathaniel Branden	Brampton
place of birth	Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg was born in June 1568 in Graz and had a Protestant upbringing.	Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg	Graz
place of birth	Abe Knoop (born 28 August 1963 in Curaçao) is a Dutch professional football goalkeeping coach.	Abe Knoop	Curaçao
place of birth	Starr Andreeff, Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, has been in the entertainment business since she was 8 years old starting as a child actor.	Starr Andreeff	Hamilton
place of birth	Arno Marsh (born May 28, 1928, Grand Rapids, Michigan) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist.	Arno Marsh	Grand Rapids
place of birth	Swandi Kitto is a former Singaporean footballer who played as a striker for the Singapore national team in the 1980s.	Swandi Kitto	Singapore
place of birth	Carolyn Kaelin was born Carolyn Mary Scerbo in Syracuse, New York to Richard and Mary Scerbo (née Zebrowski).	Carolyn Kaelin	Syracuse
place of birth	Julian Watts (born 17 March 1971 in Sheffield) is an English professional footballer, best known as a player for Luton Town and Australian side Northern Spirit who, after a spell of 2 and half years, was the manager of Hallam.	Julian Watts	Sheffield
place of birth	Gus Weill, Sr. (born March 12, 1933), is an American author living in New York City who is a former public relations specialist originally from Lafayette, Louisiana.	Gus Weill	Lafayette
place of birth	Artis Kampars (born May 3, 1967 in Tukums) is a Latvian politician and businessman.	Artis Kampars	Tukums
place of birth	Gladys Esther Tormes González (born 19 September 1933) (a.k.a. ``Maja'') is a historian and head archivist of the Archivo Histórico de Ponce (English: Ponce Historical Archive), in Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Gladys Esther Tormes González	Ponce
place of birth	He was born to Jethro Teall (1816-1848) and Mary Hathaway (1820-1880) in Northleach, Gloucestershire.	Jethro Teall	Northleach
place of birth	Albert Claude was born in 1899 (but according to civil register 1898) in Longlier, a hamlet in Neufchâteau, Belgium, to Florentin Joseph Claude and Marie-Glaudice Watriquant Claude.	Albert Claude	Neufchâteau
place of birth	Kay Thomassen (born 3 June 1987 in Nijmegen) is a footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or right back for Achilles '29 in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Kay Thomassen	Nijmegen
place of birth	Tamia Marilyn Hill (née Washington) was born and raised in Windsor, Ontario.	Tamia	Windsor
place of birth	Victoria Stilwell (born 20 July 1969 in Wimbledon, London) is an English dog trainer, author and television presenter.	Victoria Stilwell	Wimbledon
place of birth	Ioannis Kousoulos (Greek: Ιωάννης Κούσουλος; born 14 June 1996 in Limassol) is a professional Cypriot football player who plays for Nea Salamina in the Cyprus First Division.	Ioannis Kousoulos	Limassol
place of birth	Marco Sanges is a photographer from Ostia, Rome.	Marco Sanges	Rome
place of birth	Frank Capra III (born July 16, 1959 in San Diego, California) is the son of Frank Capra, Jr., and grandson of director Frank Capra.	Frank Capra III	San Diego
place of birth	Robert Dahlgren (born 1 December 1979 in Skellefteå) is a Swedish auto racing driver who currently competes in the V8 Supercars Championship for Garry Rogers Motorsport.	Robert Dahlgren	Skellefteå
place of birth	During his early life in Winnipeg, Mark Korven performed in many amateur rock bands, mostly playing the guitar in local bars.	Mark Korven	Winnipeg
place of birth	Dumitru Dumitriu (born 19 November 1945 in Bucharest), commonly known as Țiți Dumitru or Dumitriu III, is a retired Romanian footballer and coach.	Dumitru Dumitriu	Bucharest
place of birth	Eva Kiedroňová (born 1963 in Třinec) is the author of literature specialising in educating parents in childcare and the natural psychomotor development of infants up to the age of one; she is also the author of new approaches in hardening, massaging, exercising and swimming with infants, toddlers and preschool children.	Eva Kiedroňová	Třinec
place of birth	Christophe Ohrel (born 7 April 1968 in Strasbourg, France) is a retired Swiss football wingback.	Christophe Ohrel	Strasbourg
place of birth	Born in Montreal, Quebec, Andrew Godefroy read history at Concordia University.	Andrew Godefroy	Montreal
place of birth	Engratia was a native of Braga who had been promised in marriage to a nobleman of Roussillon.	Engratia	Braga
place of birth	Born into a farming family in Villedieu-les-Poêles, Lower Normandy, Sophie Quinton studied drama at the Millet high school in Cherbourg.	Sophie Quinton	Villedieu-les-Poêles
place of birth	Jin Pengxiang (Chinese: 晋鹏翔; Pinyin: Jìn Péngxiáng, born 25 January 1990 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.	Jin Pengxiang	Dalian
place of birth	Toquinho was born in São Paulo, the son of Italian immigrants Diva Bondeolli Pecci and Antonio Pecci, and has one brother, João Carlos Pecci.	Toquinho	São Paulo
place of birth	Stjepan Božić (born October 23, 1974 in Brežice, Slovenia) is a Croatian super middleweight boxer.	Stjepan Božić	Brežice
place of birth	Jonathan Kelly (born Jonathan Ledingham, 8 July 1947, Drogheda, County Louth) is an Irish folk rock singer-songwriter, who has enjoyed a varied career in music, playing with many musicians and groups, including Eric Clapton and Tim Staffell.	Jonathan Kelly	Drogheda
place of birth	Jess Gonchor (born July 15, 1962 in New York City) is an American art director who was nominated at the 83rd Academy Awards for the film True Grit.	Jess Gonchor	New York City
place of birth	Josh Mitchell was born in Belmont, Newcastle and began playing football at the age of 4 at Swansea Swans Soccer Club and was selected for the Australian School Boys Football team in 2002.	Josh Mitchell	Newcastle
place of birth	Leopold Eustachius Czapek (15 November 1792, Český Krumlov, Bohemia - 1840, Iliria) was an Austrian pianist and composer.	Leopold Eustachius Czapek	Bohemia
place of birth	Bob Wilkins (April 11, 1932 -- January 7, 2009) was a television personality born as Robert Gene Wilkins in the town of Hammond, Indiana.	Bob Wilkins	Hammond
place of birth	Ken Jacobs (born 1933 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American experimental filmmaker.	Ken Jacobs	Brooklyn
place of birth	Brian Robb (Scarborough, 7 May 1913 -- 1979) was a painter, illustrator, and cartoonist.	Brian Robb	Scarborough
place of birth	Derek Roddy (born August 28, 1972) is an American drummer and snake breeder, originally from South Carolina.	Derek Roddy	South Carolina
place of birth	Andreas Thomsson (born 27 May 1971 in Kalmar) is a Swedish football manager who is currently managing FC Linköping City.	Andreas Thomsson	Kalmar
place of birth	Carol Leigh, aka The Scarlot Harlot, born 1951 in New York City, is an artist, author, film maker, and prostitutes' rights activist.	Carol Leigh	New York City
place of birth	Alasdair White is a Scottish folk musician born in 1983 on the Isle of Lewis, Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Alasdair White	Lewis
place of birth	Leopold Eugen Měchura (also Miechura; born Prague, February 2, 1804 -- died February 11, 1870 in Otín, near Klatovy) was a Czech composer.	Leopold Eugen Měchura	Prague
place of birth	Julius Curtius was born on 7 February 1877 at Duisburg in what was then the Prussian Rhine Province.	Julius Curtius	Duisburg
place of birth	John Fraser MacPherson, CM (10 April 1928 -- 27 September 1993) was a Canadian jazz musician born in Saint Boniface, Manitoba.	Fraser MacPherson	Saint Boniface
place of birth	Christian Zeitz (born November 18, 1980 in Heidelberg) is a German team handballer currently playing for MKB Veszprém KC in Hungary.	Christian Zeitz	Heidelberg
place of birth	Youssoupha Mabiki, better known by his mononym Youssoupha (French pronunciation: ​(jusuˈfa); born in Kinshasa on 29 August 1980) is a French rapper of Congolese origin.	Youssoupha	Kinshasa
place of birth	Arnold Kruiswijk (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑr.nɔɫt ˈkrœy̆s.ʋɛi̯k), born 2 November 1984 in Groningen) is a Dutch international footballer currently playing for Dutch Eredivisie side Vitesse as a left back.	Arnold Kruiswijk	Groningen
place of birth	Johann Eugen Rosshirt (November 11, 1795 -- July 13, 1872) was a German obstetrician and gynecologist who was a native of Oberscheinfeld.	Eugen Rosshirt	Oberscheinfeld
place of birth	Sadet Karabulut (born April 28, 1975 in Dordrecht) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant and trade unionist of Kurdish descent.	Sadet Karabulut	Dordrecht
place of birth	Saulius Mikoliūnas (born 2 May 1984 in Vilnius, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian professional footballer playing for Žalgiris Vilnius.	Saulius Mikoliūnas	Vilnius
place of birth	David Wiley Miller (born April 15, 1951, Burbank, California), an American cartoonist whose work is characterized by wry wit and trenchant social satire, is best known for his comic strip Non Sequitur, which he signs Wiley.	Wiley Miller	Burbank
place of birth	In 1998, Novella Matveyeva received the Russian State Pushkin Prize in poetry, and in 2002, she also received the Russian Federation State Prize in Literature and Arts for her poetry collection Jasmine.	Novella Matveyeva	Pushkin
place of birth	Luigi Zaninelli (born 30 March 1932 in New Jersey) is an Italian-American composer of vocal and instrumental music.	Luigi Zaninelli	New Jersey
place of birth	Caleb Carr received his primary education from St. Luke's School in Greenwich Village, his secondary education from Friends Seminary, also in downtown New York City.	Caleb Carr	New York City
place of birth	Juan de Colonia or Johannes von Köln (about 1410, Cologne -- August 3, 1481, Burgos) was a gothic architect who introduced the flamboyant style to Castile.	Juan de Colonia	Cologne
place of birth	Ganesh Ghosh hailed from Chittagong, now in Bangladesh.	Ganesh Ghosh	Chittagong
place of birth	Louis Fan Siu-wong (born 19 June 1973) is a Hong Kong actor and martial artist.	Louis Fan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Born in Manchester, Gerald Boland was the son of James Boland and Kate Boland née Woods and the brother of Harry Boland.	Gerald Boland	Manchester
place of birth	Adamson, elder son of the late Donald Adamson, was born at Culcheth, Lancashire (now Cheshire), and brought up on his family's farm at Lymm, in the county of Cheshire where his mother's family has been resident for upwards of 500 years.	Donald Adamson	Cheshire
place of birth	Maximilian Heidenreich (born 9 May 1967 in Hanover, Niedersachsen) is a German football manager and former player, who currently is manager for SV Weil.	Maximilian Heidenreich	Hanover
place of birth	Jon Sundby, born 8 June 1883 in Vestby, died 14 December in 1972 in Vestby, was a Norwegian farmer, politician and a council of state, and he had central positions of trust within agricultural economic organizations.	Jon Sundby	Vestby
place of birth	Marcos Neves (born May 22, 1988 in Paraíso do Tocantins) is a Brazilian footballer.	Marcos Neves	Paraíso do Tocantins
place of birth	Monique van der Vorst (born 20 November 1984, Gouda) is a Dutch racing cyclist.	Monique van der Vorst	Gouda
place of birth	Jürg Amann (born in Winterthur on July 2, 1947; died on May 5, 2013 in Zurich) was a Swiss author and dramatist.	Jürg Amann	Winterthur
place of birth	Anita Hegerland (born 3 March 1961 in Sandefjord), is a Norwegian singer famous for her childhood career in Scandinavia, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, The Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg and subsequent vocal contributions to Mike Oldfield's work, among others.	Anita Hegerland	Sandefjord
place of birth	Following the death of his father, Nikolai Antsiferov lived with his mother in Pulavy (in present-day Poland), and then in Kiev where he studied at the first Kiev Gymnasium.	Nikolai Antsiferov	Kiev
place of birth	Ali Hijazi (born November 23, 1976 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a former Sierra Leonean international basketball player and the current manager of the Sierra Leone national basketball team.	Ali Hijazi	Freetown
place of birth	Adamson, the son of Harold Adamson and Marion ``Minnie'' Campbell Adamson, was born and raised in Greenville, New Jersey.	Harold Adamson	New Jersey
place of birth	Robert Llewellyn (born 10 March 1956, in Northampton, Northamptonshire) is an English actor, comedian and writer best known as the mechanoid Kryten in the hit TV sci-fi sitcom Red Dwarf and as a presenter of the TV engineering gameshow Scrapheap Challenge.	Robert Llewellyn	Northampton
place of birth	General Raheel Sharif was born in Quetta.	Raheel Sharif	Quetta
place of birth	Gail Kane (July 10, 1885 -- February 17, 1966) was a stage and silent movie actress born as Abigail Kane in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Gail Kane	Philadelphia
place of birth	Ludovico II Gonzaga (1334 - 4 October 1382) was an Italian politician who was capitano del popolo of Mantua.	Ludovico II Gonzaga	Mantua
place of birth	Andrea Bruno Mazzocato (born 1 September 1948 in San Trovaso) is an Italian Roman Catholic priest.	Andrea Bruno Mazzocato	San Trovaso
place of birth	Jesse V. Johnson is a film director, screenwriter and stunt coordinator, born on November 29, 1971, in Winchester, England.	Jesse V. Johnson	Winchester
place of birth	Kenny Rankin (February 10, 1940 - June 7, 2009) was an American pop and jazz singer and songwriter, originally from the Washington Heights neighborhood of New York City, New York.	Kenny Rankin	New York City
place of birth	Bruno Rafael Bronetta da Silva (born 19 March 1984 in Mogi das Cruzes) is a Brazilian football,with Italian citizenship, he plays for S.E.R. Caxias do Sul.	Bruno Rafael Bronetta da Silva	Mogi das Cruzes
place of birth	Pam Ayres was born at Stanford in the Vale, Berkshire, now in Oxfordshire.	Pam Ayres	Stanford in the Vale
place of birth	Cao Ziheng (Chinese: 曹紫珩; born 6 March 1995 in Dalian) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Changchun Yatai.	Cao Ziheng	Dalian
place of birth	Moussa Doumbia, known as Tiken Jah Fakoly, was born on 23 June 1968 in Odienné, north-western Côte d'Ivoire.	Tiken Jah Fakoly	Odienné
place of birth	Joseph Lewis, Jr. (1772 -- March 30, 1834) was an 18th-century and 19th-century politician and lawyer from Virginia.	Joseph Lewis, Jr.	Virginia
place of birth	Teddy Geiger was born in Buffalo, New York, later moving to Rochester, New York.	Teddy Geiger	Rochester
place of birth	He was born at St Levan in Cornwall to miller Joseph Wearne and Susannah Rogers.	Joseph Wearne	St Levan
place of birth	Andranik Avetisyan (Armenian: Անդրանիկ Հովհաննեսի Ավետիսյան; born December 28, 1968, in Gyumri) is an Armenian artist, businessman and a collector of art works.	Andranik Avetisyan	Gyumri
place of birth	Andy Siege (Born Andreas Madjid Siege, 1985, in Nairobi, Kenya) is an award winning director.	Andy Siege	Nairobi
place of birth	Dirk Galuba (born 28 August 1940 in Schneidemühl now Piła, Poland) is a German television actor.	Dirk Galuba	Piła
place of birth	Levon Lachikyan (Armenian: Լևոն Լաճիկյան, 1955, September 7, Gyumri) art critic, graphic drawer.	Levon Lachikyan	Gyumri
place of birth	Joel Feeney (born in Oakville, Ontario) is a Canadian country, pop music singer, songwriter and record producer.	Joel Feeney	Oakville
place of birth	Gerhart Hauptmann was born in 1862 in Obersalzbrunn, now known as Szczawno-Zdrój, in Lower Silesia (then a part of Prussia, now part of Poland).	Gerhart Hauptmann	Szczawno-Zdrój
place of birth	Rüdiger Schmidt-Grépály (born 13 July 1952 in Bad Oldesloe, Schleswig-Holstein) is a German Cultural Manager and Director of the Kolleg Friedrich Nietzsche at the Klassik Stiftung Weimar.	Rüdiger Schmidt-Grépály	Bad Oldesloe
place of birth	Norbert Hahn (born 6 January 1954, Elbingerode, Saxony-Anhalt) is an East German former luger who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.	Norbert Hahn	Elbingerode
place of birth	Danièle Rochon is a Quebec painter born on the 8th of April 1946, in Ottawa, Ontario.	Danièle Rochon	Ottawa
place of birth	Cyd Zeigler Jr (born May 27, 1973 in Harwich, Massachusetts) is a commentator and author in the field of sexuality and sports.	Cyd Zeigler	Harwich
place of birth	Christopher A. Sinclair (born September 5, 1950, Hong Kong) is an American businessman.	Christopher A. Sinclair	Hong Kong
place of birth	Emiliano Testini (born January 9, 1977 in Perugia) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Spezia.	Emiliano Testini	Perugia
place of birth	Jean-Luc Mongrain (born July 16, 1951 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Canadian journalist, television host and news anchor.	Jean-Luc Mongrain	Sherbrooke
place of birth	Nicky Grist (born 1 November 1961) is a Welsh former rally co-driver, born in Ebbw Vale.	Nicky Grist	Ebbw Vale
place of birth	Vyacheslav Ivanovich Zof (Вячеслав Иванович Зоф in Russian) (December 1889, Dubno - June 20, 1937) was a Soviet military figure and a statesman of Czech ethnicity.	Vyacheslav Ivanovich Zof	Dubno
place of birth	Pablo Parés (August 28, 1978 - in Haedo, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine film director, actor, film producer, cinematographer, screenwriter and film editor best known for his work in the horror film genre.	Pablo Parés	Haedo
place of birth	Nat Adderley was born in Tampa, Florida, but moved to Tallahassee, Florida, when both parents were hired to teach at Florida A&M University.	Nat Adderley	Tampa
place of birth	Blaž Kraljević was born on 16 September 1947 in the village of Lisice in the municipality of Ljubuški, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Blaž Kraljević	Lisice
place of birth	Emil Wikström (April 13, 1864 in Turku -- September 26, 1942) was a Finnish sculptor.	Emil Wikström	Turku
place of birth	Alceu Rodrigues Simoni Filho, or simply Alceu (born May 7, 1984 in Diadema, São Paulo), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Alceu	Diadema, São Paulo
place of birth	Ernst Horn (born 1949 in Munich) is a German musician who played a crucial part in founding the bands Deine Lakaien, Qntal and Helium Vola.	Ernst Horn	Munich
place of birth	Gaidis Bērziņš (born 20 October 1970 in Riga) is a Latvian politician, lawyer, and university lecturer in law.	Gaidis Bērziņš	Riga
place of birth	Rómulo Betancourt was born in Guatire, a town near Caracas.	Rómulo Betancourt	Guatire
place of birth	Michel Kitabdjian (born 7 May 1930 in Nice) is a French former referee.	Michel Kitabdjian	Nice
place of birth	Ferdinand Elbers (24 December 1862 in Ghent - 8 August 1943 in Molenbeek) was a Flemish mechanic, trade unionist, and politician.	Ferdinand Elbers	Ghent
place of birth	Sonia Antinori (born in Viareggio on 23 April 1963) is an award-winning Italian playwright, actress, theater director and translator.	Sonia Antinori	Viareggio
place of birth	David Hoenigman (born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio) is an author of experimental literature and avant-garde literature.	David Hoenigman	Cleveland
place of birth	Heather Fargo (born December 12, 1952, in Oakland, California) is a former mayor and former City Council Member of Sacramento, California.	Heather Fargo	Oakland
place of birth	Robert Polidori (born 1951 in Montreal, Québec) is a photographer known for his architectural studies and frequent contributions to magazines and books.	Robert Polidori	Montreal
place of birth	Matt Forde is a Nottingham-born comedian, impressionist, comedy writer, and radio presenter.	Matt Forde	Nottingham
place of birth	Jakob Stilling (September 22, 1842 - April 30, 1915) was a German ophthalmologist from Kassel.	Jakob Stilling	Kassel
place of birth	Born in Mauchline, Ayrshire in 1765, Jean Armour was second oldest of the eleven children of stonemason James Armour (died 1798) and Mary Smith Armour.	Jean Armour	Ayrshire
place of birth	Born in Cruz Alta, Rio Grande do Sul, Catê began his football career with local side Guarany.	Catê	Cruz Alta, Rio Grande do Sul
place of birth	Daniel Harold Casriel (Mar 1924 - June 1983, age 59) was an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and writer from New York City.	Daniel Harold Casriel	New York City
place of birth	Magdalena Schnurr (born March 25, 1992 in Baden-Baden) is a German ski jumper.	Magdalena Schnurr	Baden-Baden
place of birth	Wilfried Huber (born 15 November 1970, Bruneck, South Tyrol) is an Italian luger who has competed since 1985.	Wilfried Huber	Bruneck
place of birth	Michel Vauzelle (born 15 August 1944 in Montélimar, Drôme) is the president of the regional council of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur since 1998.	Michel Vauzelle	Montélimar
place of birth	Andrzej Karweta was born in Jeleń village (part of Jaworzno since 1977).	Andrzej Karweta	Jaworzno
place of birth	Nunzio Zavettieri (Castrovillari, 10 February 1967) is a football (soccer) manager who last managed at FK Ventspils in the Latvian Higher League.	Nunzio Zavettieri	Castrovillari
place of birth	Rachelle Lefevre was born on February 1, 1979, in Montreal, Quebec, where she was raised, to an English teacher father and a psychologist mother.	Rachelle Lefevre	Montreal
place of birth	Emerson Woelffer (July 27, 1914 -- February 2, 2003) was a prominent abstract expressionism artist and painter born in Chicago.	Emerson Woelffer	Chicago
place of birth	Eberhard Blum (April 28, 1919 -- July 9, 2003), born in Kiel, was the fourth head of the German Federal Intelligence Bureau (BND).	Eberhard Blum	Kiel
place of birth	Kjell Qvale was born in Trondhjem, Norway, and was the son of a Norwegian sea captain.	Kjell Qvale	Norway
place of birth	Born in Seoul in 1976, Shin Yeon-shick dropped out of his Spanish Studies major at university to pursue a career in filmmaking.	Shin Yeon-shick	Seoul
place of birth	Gerhard Zinserling (* 11 June 1926 in Erfurt; † 11 November 1993) was a German classical archaeologist.	Gerhard Zinserling	Erfurt
place of birth	Piotr Kulpaka (born September 12, 1984 in Olsztyn) is a Polish footballer who is player-manager for Mysen IF in Norwegian Fourth Division	Piotr Kulpaka	Olsztyn
place of birth	Mo'Nique was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the daughter of engineer Alice Imes and drug counselor Steven Imes Jr. She is the youngest of four children: sister Millicent is her personal assistant; brother Steve is her manager.	Mo'Nique	Baltimore
place of birth	Elmer Keith was born in Missouri but was raised in Montana, Idaho, and eastern Oregon.	Elmer Keith	Missouri
place of birth	William Wilson Hunter was born on 15 July 1840 in Glasgow, Scotland, to Andrew Galloway Hunter, a Glasgow manufacturer.	William Wilson Hunter	Glasgow
place of birth	Anna Czerwińska (born July 10, 1949 in Warsaw) is a Polish mountaineer, known for being the oldest woman to Summit Mount Everest (at the time) at the age of 50 (born 7/10/49 climbed Everest from the Nepal side on 5/22/2000).	Anna Czerwińska	Warsaw
place of birth	Giandomenico Facchina was born in 1826 in Sequals, today in the province of Pordenone in the Friuli Venezia Giulia region, at that time part of the Lombard-Venetian Kingdom.	Giandomenico Facchina	Sequals
place of birth	Giovanni Ottavio Manciforte Sperelli was born in Assisi on February 23, 1730, the son of Marquis Marcantonio Manciforte, governor of the army of the March of Ancona, and Flavia Sperelli.	Giovanni Ottavio Manciforte Sperelli	Assisi
place of birth	He practiced in Boston, Massachusetts, and was a partner in the architectural firm of Sheehan & Colleary and later William B. Colleary, both of which were responsible for the design of many Roman Catholic Church churches, schools, rectories, and convents.	William B. Colleary	Boston
place of birth	Born in New York City, David Bradshaw was raised in Washington, DC and Old Greenwich, Connecticut.	David Bradshaw	New York City
place of birth	Janet Jackson was born in Gary, Indiana, the youngest of ten children, to Katherine Esther (née Scruse) and Joseph Walter Jackson.	Janet Jackson	Gary
place of birth	Louis Henri Nicot was a French sculptor born in Rennes on 12 February 1878 and who died In Paris 1944.	Louis Henri Nicot	Rennes
place of birth	Yahima Ramirez (born 10 October 1979, in Havana) is a Cuban-born Portuguese judoka, which competes in the women's --78 kg category.	Yahima Ramirez	Havana
place of birth	Julien Hornuss, aka Julien, (born 12 June 1986 in Paris), is a French footballer who currently plays for Fola Esch of the Luxembourgian first division's BGL League.	Julien Hornuss	Paris
place of birth	Karine Ruby (4 January 1978, Bonneville, Haute-Savoie -- 29 May 2009) was a French snowboarder and Olympic champion.	Karine Ruby	Bonneville
place of birth	Adam Craig (born August 15, 1981 in Bangor, Maine) is a professional mountain biker currently living in Bend, Oregon.	Adam Craig	Bangor
place of birth	Zoran Lončar (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Лончар, born in 1965 in Novi Sad) is the former Serbian Minister of Education and Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government.	Zoran Lončar	Novi Sad
place of birth	Adnan Aliev (Bulgarian: Аднан Алиев) (born November 14, 1983 in Asenovgrad) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s.	Adnan Aliev	Asenovgrad
place of birth	Marv Green (born in California) is an American country music songwriter.	Marv Green	California
place of birth	Diedrich Diederichsen was born and grew up in Hamburg where he worked as a music journalist and editor of the German Sounds magazine in the heyday of punk and new wave from 1979 to 1983.	Diedrich Diederichsen	Hamburg
place of birth	Errico Malatesta was born to a family of middle-class landowners in Santa Maria Capua Vetere, Italy (in the province of Caserta) on 14 December 1853.	Errico Malatesta	Santa Maria Capua Vetere
place of birth	Michael Greif (born ca. 1959) is a stage director, born in Brooklyn, New York.	Michael Greif	Brooklyn
place of birth	Paulino Lopes Tavares (born December 10, 1984 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese footballer, who most recently played for ES Viry-Châtillon.	Paulino Lopes Tavares	Lisbon
place of birth	Emil Brix (b. 1956 in Vienna) is an Austrian diplomat and historian.	Emil Brix	Vienna
place of birth	Nick Hancock (born 25 October 1962, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire) is an English actor and television presenter.	Nick Hancock	Stoke-on-Trent
place of birth	Vincent Guérin (born 22 November 1965 in Boulogne-Billancourt) is a former footballer who played in a midfield role, currently the reserve coach at Paris Saint-Germain.	Vincent Guérin	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Senator Abbie Cornett was born in Omaha,Nebraska.	Abbie Cornett	Omaha
place of birth	Roscoe Charles Wilson was born in Centralia, Pennsylvania, on 11 June 1905, the son of an Army officer, Colonel Everett R. Wilson.	Roscoe Charles Wilson	Centralia
place of birth	Yoseph Alicia Machado Fajardo (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈlisja maˈtʃaðo); born December 6, 1976 in Maracay) is a Venezuelan actress, TV host, singer and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1996.	Alicia Machado	Maracay
place of birth	Dennis Leeflang (born 22 May 1979, Leiderdorp) is a rock drummer, currently living in Los Angeles.	Dennis Leeflang	Leiderdorp
place of birth	Mackroy Peixote (born 11 May 1990) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Laxmi Prasad in the Goa Professional League.	Mackroy Peixote	Goa
place of birth	Shajith Koyeri was born in Punnol in Kannur district of Kerala, to Soma Sundaran and Rathibayi.	Shajith Koyeri	Kannur
place of birth	Veronica Freeman aka The V (born December 17, 1977 in San Diego, California) is the lead vocalist of the American heavy metal band Benedictum.	Veronica Freeman	San Diego
place of birth	Baptised on 28 February 1611 in Bristol, England, Sir John Yeamans was a younger son of John Yeamans, a brewer of Redcliffe, Bristol who died about 1645, and his wife Blanche Germain.	John Yeamans	Bristol
place of birth	Sthefany Fernandes de Brito (São Paulo, 19 June 1987), more commonly known as Sthefany Brito, is a Brazilian actress and the older sister of actor Kayky Brito.	Sthefany Brito	São Paulo
place of birth	Drawings by Sir George and John Hayter (exh. cat. by B. Coffey (Bryant), London, Morton Morris, 1982) (incl. checklist of prints)	John Hayter	London
place of birth	Besheer El-Tabei (Arabic : بشير التابعي) (born 24 February 1976 in Damietta) is a retired Egyptian Football.	Besheer El-Tabei	Damietta
place of birth	Eusebio Unzué Labiano (born in Orcoyen, Navarra, 26 February 1955) is the team manager of the Movistar Team, a Spanish professional cycling team.	Eusebio Unzué	Orcoyen
place of birth	Lewis Howard Latimer was born in Chelsea, Massachusetts, on September 4, 1848, the youngest of four children of Rebecca Latimer (1826--1910) and George Latimer (July 4, 1818 -- May 29, 1896).	Lewis Howard Latimer	Chelsea
place of birth	Born in Rochester, New York, James Sibley Watson, Jr. was an heir to the Western Union telegraph fortune created by his grandfathers, Don Alonzo Watson and Hiram Sibley.	James Sibley Watson	Rochester
place of birth	Amanda Blank (born Amanda Mallory on March 21, 1983) is an American singer, rapper and member of the performance art band Sweatheart based in Philadelphia.	Amanda Blank	Philadelphia
place of birth	Fabrice Moreau (born October 7, 1967 in Paris) is a former French-Cameroonian footballer.	Fabrice Moreau	Paris
place of birth	Tim Bricheno (born Timothy John Bricheno, 6 July 1963, Huddersfield, Yorkshire) is an English guitarist, songwriter and music educator.	Tim Bricheno	Huddersfield
place of birth	John Lanchbery was born into a working class family in London in 1923.	John Lanchbery	London
place of birth	Dashan (Chinese: 大山; pinyin: Dàshān; literally: ``Big Mountain'') is the Chinese stage name adopted by Canadian Mark Henry Rowswell, CM (born May 23, 1965 in Ottawa, Ontario) who works as a freelance performer in the People's Republic of China.	Dashan	Ottawa
place of birth	Sebastian Strasser (*6. November 1967 in Sibiu (Hermannstadt), Romania) is a German director of commercials and films.	Sebastian Strasser	Sibiu
place of birth	Patrick Levaye (born in Orléans, in Loiret, on July 26, 1952) is a writer and a French Senior official.	Patrick Levaye	Orléans
place of birth	Leo Castelli, whose original name was Leo Krausz, was born in Trieste, Italy, the second of three children of Italian and Austro-Hungarian Jewish origin.	Leo Castelli	Trieste
place of birth	Thomas De Gendt (born 6 November 1986 in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rides for Lotto--	Thomas De Gendt	Sint-Niklaas
place of birth	Mustafa Balel, Turkish short story writer and novelist (born 1 September in 1945, Sivas).	Mustafa Balel	Sivas
place of birth	August Gaul (German: (ˈɡaʊl); October 22, 1869 -- October 18, 1922) was a German sculptor and expressionism artist, born in Großauheim (now part of Hanau).	August Gaul	Großauheim
place of birth	Malvina Hoffman was born in New York City, the daughter of the concert pianist, Richard Hoffman.	Malvina Hoffman	New York City
place of birth	Zak Knutson (born January 4, 1974, Detroit, Michigan) is a director, producer, writer, and actor.	Zak Knutson	Detroit
place of birth	Miroslav Baranek (born 11 October 1973 in Havířov) is a retired Czech footballer, who nowadays serves as a Team Manager at Sparta Prague.	Miroslav Baranek	Havířov
place of birth	Martin Gerbert (11 August 1720 -- 3 May 1793), German theologian, historian and writer on music, belonged to the noble family of Gerbert von Hornau, and was born at Horb am Neckar, Württemberg, on 12 (or 11 or 13) August 1720.	Martin Gerbert	Horb am Neckar
place of birth	Kristi Vangjeli (born 5 September 1985) is an Albanian footballer of who currently playing for Skenderbeu Korçë in the Albanian league and the Albanian national team.	Kristi Vangjeli	Korçë
place of birth	Luz Machado (Ciudad Bolívar, February 3, 1916 -- 1999, pseudonym: Ágata Cruz) was a Venezuelan political activist, journalist and poet.	Luz Machado	Ciudad Bolívar
place of birth	Norm Hiscock (born in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian screenwriter and producer.	Norm Hiscock	Montreal
place of birth	Tomas Locatelli (born 9 June 1976 in Bergamo) is a former Italian footballer who played as a playmaking attacking midfielder.	Tomas Locatelli	Bergamo
place of birth	Dameon Johnson (born October 29, 1976 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American former sprinter.	Dameon Johnson	Baltimore
place of birth	Serafim Tulikov was born in Kaluga, western Russia, to the family of bookkeeper Grigoriy Boboedov.	Serafim Tulikov	Kaluga
place of birth	Joey Melo (born January 25, 1989 in Milton, Ontario) is a Canadian professional soccer player who currently plays for North York Astros of the Canadian Soccer League.	Joey Melo	Milton
place of birth	Genc Iseni or Hyseni (born 28 March 1983, in Ferizaj) is a Kosovar Albanian football striker who plays for Rabotnicki.	Genc Iseni	Ferizaj
place of birth	Anne Tenney (born 1954 in Sydney) is an Australian film, television and theatre actress, probably best known for her role as Molly Jones in the television drama A Country Practice, Liz Taylor in Always Greener and Sal Kerrigan opposite Michael Caton in the major hit film The Castle.	Anne Tenney	Sydney
place of birth	Adrian Baker (born 18 January 1951, London) is an English singer, songwriter, and record producer.	Adrian Baker	London
place of birth	Seán Munsanje is an Irish television presenter from Dublin.	Seán Munsanje	Dublin
place of birth	Brian Suda (born 29 May 1979, St. Louis, Missouri) is an American informatician living in Reykjavík, Iceland.	Brian Suda	St. Louis
place of birth	Nathan Benjamin ben Elisha HaLevi Ghazzati or Nathan of Gaza (Hebrew: נתן העזתי‎‎; 1643--1680) was a theologian and author born in Jerusalem.	Nathan of Gaza	Jerusalem
place of birth	Donald George Mackay was born on 29 June 1870 at Yass, New South Wales, son of Alexander Mackay, owner of Wallendbeen station, and his wife Annie.	Donald George Mackay	Yass, New South Wales
place of birth	Born in Venice into an aristocratic family, the grandson of the opera composer Francesco Malipiero, Gian Francesco Malipiero was prevented by family troubles from pursuing his musical education in a consistent manner.	Gian Francesco Malipiero	Venice
place of birth	János Bródy was born on 5 April 1946 in Budapest as the child of András Bródy, Széchenyi Award-winning economist, and Márta Vajna, a teacher.	János Bródy	Budapest
place of birth	Kjersti Alveberg began to dance at the age of four, but not until she was 19 she took the decisive step of starting her dance studies at Norwegian National Academy of Ballet in Oslo, working at the same time at Chat Noir as a dancer.	Kjersti Alveberg	Oslo
place of birth	Giovanni Tommasi Ferroni (born November 12, 1967 in Rome) is an Italian magic realism artist specializing in fantasy painting.	Giovanni Tommasi Ferroni	Rome
place of birth	Orgest Buzi (born 20 September 1994 in Fier) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Dinamo Tirana in the Albanian First Division on loan from Bylis Ballsh.	Orgest Buzi	Fier
place of birth	Isaac Romo González (born March 23, 1983 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican footballer, who plays for Cimarrones de Sonora in the Ascenso MX.	Isaac Romo	Guadalajara
place of birth	Frank Neubarth (born 29 July 1962 in Hamburg) is a German football manager and former player who spent his whole career with SV Werder Bremen and has since managed FC Schalke 04, Holstein Kiel and FC Carl Zeiss Jena.	Frank Neubarth	Hamburg
place of birth	Falko Traber (born in Besançon, France, October 13, 1959) is a German high wire artist.	Falko Traber	Besançon
place of birth	Mark Dymond (born 1974, Wimbledon, London) is an English actor of Irish descent.	Mark Dymond	Wimbledon
place of birth	Josef Abrhám (born December 14, 1939 in Zlín) is a Czech film and theatre actor.	Josef Abrhám	Zlín
place of birth	Although Jamie Parker was born in Middlesbrough, Cleveland, on 14 August 1979, he was brought up and raised with his family in Darlington.	Jamie Parker	Middlesbrough
place of birth	Selim Giray, (born 6 June 1970, Istanbul) Turkish born American Violinist, Researcher, Clinician and Conductor.	Selim Giray	Istanbul
place of birth	Sirvard Emirzyan (Armenian: Սիրվարդ Էմիրզյան, born 5 June 1966 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a former Soviet diver of Armenian descent.	Sirvard Emirzyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Hildegard Goss-Mayr (born 22 January 1930, Vienna) is an Austrian nonviolent activist and Christian theologian.	Hildegard Goss-Mayr	Vienna
place of birth	The youngest of five children, Ryan Stiles was born in Seattle, Washington, to Canadian parents, Irene and Sonny Stiles.	Ryan Stiles	Seattle
place of birth	Erich Walter Sternberg (Hebrew: אריך ולטר שטרנברג‎, May 31, 1891, Berlin -- December 15, 1974, Tel Aviv) was a German-born Israeli composer.	Erich Walter Sternberg	Berlin
place of birth	Gary Ruddell (born November 16, 1951 in San Mateo, California) is an American artist best known for his figurative representational paintings.	Gary Ruddell	San Mateo
place of birth	Yoram Gutgeld was born in Tel Aviv from a family of Polish Jews.	Yoram Gutgeld	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Born on 12 August 1892 in Metz, Ludwig Bieringer joined the German Army straight from school in 1913.	Ludwig Bieringer	Metz
place of birth	Anne Heche was born on May 25, 1969 in Aurora, Ohio, the youngest of five children of Nancy (née Prickett) and Donald Joseph Heche.	Anne Heche	Aurora
place of birth	Gilles Peterson (born 28 September 1964, Caen, France) is a British-based DJ, record collector and record label owner residing in London.	Gilles Peterson	Caen
place of birth	Vigalantee was born in Chicago, but spent the majority of his childhood in a small town in Georgia, where he had a daily reminder of racism and segregation.	Vigalantee	Chicago
place of birth	Lucille Norman was born Lucille Pharaby Boileau in Lincoln, Nebraska into a performing family.	Lucille Norman	Lincoln
place of birth	(Joseph) Émile Rigaud was born on March 27, 1824 in Pourrières.	Émile Rigaud	Pourrières
place of birth	Walter Schreiber was born in Berlin to Paul Schreiber (a postal inspector) and his wife Gertrud Kettlitz.	Walter Schreiber	Berlin
place of birth	Giorgos Panagi (Greek: Γιώργος Παναγή; born November 3, 1986 in Larnaca) is a Cypriot footballer who plays for Omonia Aradippou in the Cypriot Second Division.	Giorgos Panagi	Larnaca
place of birth	Fabienne Thibeault (16 Jun 1952 Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian singer.	Fabienne Thibeault	Montreal
place of birth	Stéphane Diagana (born 23 July 1969 in Saint-Affrique, Aveyron) is a retired, French track and field sprinter and hurdler.	Stéphane Diagana	Saint-Affrique
place of birth	Jean Philippe Piter born on 4 April 1968 in Dakar, Senegal.	Jean Philippe Piter	Dakar
place of birth	Sarah Cameron Sunde is an American theatrical director and translator based in New York City.	Sarah Cameron Sunde	New York City
place of birth	Isabelle Vengerova (Belarusian: Ізабэла Венгерава; 1 March (O.S. 17 February) 1877 -- 7 February 1956) was a Russian, later American, pianist and music teacher She was born Izabella Afanasyevna Vengerova (Изабелла Афанасьевна Венгерова), in Minsk (now in Belarus).	Isabelle Vengerova	Minsk
place of birth	Marc Silk (born 20 December 1972) is a British voice actor from Solihull, England.	Marc Silk	Solihull
place of birth	Sonja Oberem, née Krolik (born 24 February 1973 in Rheydt) is a German athlete, who specialized in the marathon races.	Sonja Oberem	Rheydt
place of birth	Jiří Melantrich of Aventino (Czech: Jiří Melantrich z Aventina; born Jiří Černý Rožďalovický; c.1511 in Rožďalovice -- November 19, 1580 in Prague) was an important Czech Renaissance printer and publisher.	Jiří Melantrich of Aventino	Rožďalovice
place of birth	Born in the village of Paleros Akarnania, Greece, Terry Serepisos and his family emigrated to New Zealand when he was two years old.	Terry Serepisos	Greece
place of birth	Thomas G. Waites (born January 8, 1955) is an American actor and acting instructor born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Thomas G. Waites	Philadelphia
place of birth	Aaron Jay Kernis was born in Bensalem Township, PA, near Philadelphia.	Aaron Jay Kernis	Philadelphia
place of birth	Yevgeny Shapovalov was born on December 25, 1904 in the city of Taganrog into a worker's family.	Yevgeny Shapovalov	Taganrog
place of birth	Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Bauermann (born 13 February 1996 in Estância Velha in Brazil), known as Eduardo is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Defender for Internacional.	Eduardo Gabriel dos Santos Bauermann	Estância Velha
place of birth	Karine Ferri was born Karine Jalabert in Suresnes in the department of Hauts-de-Seine, to a French father and a Portuguese mother.	Karine Ferri	Suresnes
place of birth	Mirko Bolesan (born 6 May 1975 in Genoa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Midfielder.	Mirko Bolesan	Genoa
place of birth	Meng Huo was popularly regarded as a local leader representing the gentries of the Nanzhong region during the Three Kingdoms era of Chinese history.	Meng Huo	Nanzhong
place of birth	Colin Brunton (born 1955 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian producer and director.	Colin Brunton	Toronto
place of birth	Jennifer Rowe was born in Sydney, and raised with two younger brothers on Sydney's North Shore.	Jennifer Rowe	Sydney
place of birth	Marco Antonio Guarini (Ferrara... - ...) was an Italian historian and scholar, nephew of Giovanni Battista Guarini and author of the Compendio Historico and of the Famiglie illustri della città di Ferrara.	Marco Antonio Guarini	Ferrara
place of birth	Charle Cournoyer (born June 11, 1991) is a Canadian short track speed skater from Boucherville, Quebec.	Charle Cournoyer	Boucherville
place of birth	Apostolos Santas was born in 1922 in Patras, while his roots were from the Ionian island of Lefkada.	Apostolos Santas	Patras
place of birth	George Sherwood Eddy was born on January 19, 1871 to George Alfred Eddy and Margaret Louise Nolan at Leavenworth, Kansas.	Sherwood Eddy	Leavenworth
place of birth	Linda Medley (born May 17, 1964, in Stockton, California) is an American comic book author and illustrator, known for her Castle Waiting series of comic books and graphic novels.	Linda Medley	Stockton
place of birth	Beatrice Blackwood was born in London on 3 May 1889, daughter of the publisher James Blackwood.	Beatrice Blackwood	London
place of birth	Adam Ševčík (born 24 January 1993) is a Czech footballer who plays as a striker for SK Hanácká Slavia Kroměříž in the MSFL on loan from Sigma Olomouc.	Adam Ševčík	Olomouc
place of birth	She was born Hilal Nebahat Çehre on 15 March 1944, in Samsun, a city by the Black Sea in northern Turkey.	Nebahat Çehre	Samsun
place of birth	Nick Magnus (born 1 February 1955 in Emsworth, Hampshire, England) is a British keyboard player, songwriter, composer, arranger, engineer and producer.	Nick Magnus	Emsworth
place of birth	Rostam Mirlashari (born 22 January 1961 in Zahedan) is a Balochi singer, based in Sweden.	Rostam Mirlashari	Zahedan
place of birth	Baraguru Ramachandrappa (Kannada: ಬರಗೂರು ರಾಮಚಂದ್ರಪ್ಪ; born in Baraguru village in Sira taluk, Tumkur district, Karnataka state on 18 October 1947) is a noted Indian writer in the Kannada language from Karnataka.	Baraguru Ramachandrappa	Tumkur
place of birth	Kimball was born in West Newton, Massachusetts to American entrepreneur Hannibal Ingalls Kimball and Mary (Cook) Kimball.	Ingalls Kimball	West Newton
place of birth	Tom Gilroy is an American writer, director, producer, and actor from Ridgefield, Connecticut.	Tom Gilroy	Ridgefield
place of birth	Suleiman Yudakov, a Bukharian Jew, was born in Kokand, and started to devote himself to music in the orphanage where he spent three years of his childhood.	Suleiman Yudakov	Kokand
place of birth	Fulvio Valbusa (born February 15, 1969 in Verona) is an Italian cross-country skier who competed from 1992 to 2006.	Fulvio Valbusa	Verona
place of birth	Frederick Richard Pickersgill RA (25 September 1820, London -- 20 December 1900) was an English painter and book illustrator.	Frederick Richard Pickersgill	London
place of birth	Camilla Horn (25 April 1903, Frankfurt am Main -- 14 August 1996) was a German dancer and a film star of the silent and sound era.	Camilla Horn	Frankfurt
place of birth	Fyodor Panayev was born in 1856 in the settlement of Yug, Russia.	Fyodor Panayev	Russia
place of birth	Terry Darracott (born 6 October 1950 in Liverpool) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back for Everton and Wrexham in the Football League and for the Tulsa Roughnecks in the North American Soccer League.	Terry Darracott	Liverpool
place of birth	Israel Damonte (born 6 January 1982 in Salto, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder playing for Estudiantes (LP) in the Argentine Primera División.	Israel Damonte	Salto
place of birth	E.J. Trivette (born June 6, 1936 - Deep Gap, North Carolina, USA) is a retired NASCAR Winston Cup Series (now Sprint Cup Series) driver.	E.J. Trivette	Deep Gap, North Carolina
place of birth	José Curbelo (February 18, 1917, Havana - September 21, 2012, Miami) was a Cuban-born American pianist and manager.	José Curbelo	Havana
place of birth	Sergey Verlin (Сергей Верлин, born October 12, 1974 in Voronezh) is a Russian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-to-late 1990s.	Sergey Verlin	Voronezh
place of birth	Albert Attalla was born in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio on September 29, 1931 to Ida and Farris Attalla in their home.	Albert Attalla	Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
place of birth	Germain Nelzy (born August 3, 1934 in Case-Pilote, Martinique) is a French athlete who specialises in the 4 x 400 meter relay.	Germain Nelzy	Case-Pilote
place of birth	Tommy Paul (4 April 1909 -- 28 April 1991) was a world featherweight boxing champion from Buffalo, NY.	Tommy Paul	Buffalo
place of birth	Gennaro Bracigliano (born March 1, 1980 in Forbach, Moselle) is a French soccer player, currently playing for NorthEast United FC in the Indian Super League.	Gennaro Bracigliano	Forbach
place of birth	Syeda Anwara Taimur (born 24 November 1936) was the chief minister of the Indian state of Assam from 6 December 1980 to 30 June 1981.	Anwara Taimur	Assam
place of birth	Abigail Adams was born at the North Parish Congregational Church in Weymouth, Massachusetts, to William Smith (1707-1783) and Elizabeth (née Quincy) Smith.	Abigail Adams	Weymouth
place of birth	William Wilde was born at Kilkeevin, near Castlerea, in County Roscommon, the youngest of the three sons and two daughters of a prominent local medical practitioner, Thomas Wills Wilde, and his wife, Amelia (d. c.1844), and received his initial education at the Elphin Diocesan School in Elphin, County Roscommon.	William Wilde	County Roscommon
place of birth	Ossi Oswalda (2 February 1899 -- 1 January 1948), born Oswalda Stäglich in Niederschönhausen, was a German actress, who mostly appeared in silent films.	Ossi Oswalda	Niederschönhausen
place of birth	Bristow Muldoon (born 19 March 1964 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish Labour politician.	Bristow Muldoon	Glasgow
place of birth	Basel Al Ali (Arabic: باسل العلي‎, born 1 January 1982 in Syria) is a Syrian footballer who currently plays for Al-Faisaly in Jordan.	Basel Al Ali	Syria
place of birth	Salimbene di Adam, O.F.M., (or Salimbene of Parma) (9 October 1221 -- c. 1290) was an Italian Franciscan friar, theologian, and chronicler who is a source for Italian history of the 13th century.	Salimbene di Adam	Parma
place of birth	Patricia Girard (also Girard-Léno, born April 8, 1968 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe,) is a French athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metre Hurdles.	Patricia Girard	Pointe-à-Pitre
place of birth	Albert Alcalay (1917 Paris - March 29, 2008 Boston) was an American abstract artist, also known as an abstract expressionism artist.	Albert Alcalay	Paris
place of birth	Stevan Naumov - Stiv (Macedonian: Стеван Наумов - Стив) was a Macedonian partisan and one of the organizers of the Peoples's Liberation Struggle in Bitola area who was declared a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.	Stevan Naumov	Bitola
place of birth	Davy De Beule (born 7 November 1981 in Hamme) is a Belgian footballer who is playing in the Belgian Fourth Division for Beerschot Wilrijk.	Davy De Beule	Hamme
place of birth	Jessica Schultz (born January 2, 1985 in Anchorage, Alaska) is an American curler from Richfield, Minnesota.	Jessica Schultz	Anchorage
place of birth	Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker (May 3, 1828 -- February 7, 1890) was a German ophthalmologist born near Ratzeburg.	Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker	Ratzeburg
place of birth	Koch (pronounced coke) was born Jay Kenneth Koch in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Kenneth Koch	Cincinnati
place of birth	Stéphane Mifsud is a French free diver born 13 August 1971 in Istres (Bouches-du-Rhône).	Stéphane Mifsud	Istres
place of birth	John Clellon Holmes (March 12, 1926, Holyoke, Massachusetts -- March 30, 1988, Middletown, Connecticut) was an American author, poet and professor, best known for his 1952 novel Go.	John Clellon Holmes	Massachusetts
place of birth	Rodolfo Ranni (born 31 October 1937, Trieste, Italy) is an Italian Argentine film actor.	Rodolfo Ranni	Trieste
place of birth	Daniel Duarte (born 25 October 1979) is an Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a Central Midfielder.	Daniel Duarte	Gibraltar
place of birth	Rubén Cedeño (born 21 May 1952 in Caracas), is a Venezuelan musician, composer, painter, writer and speaker on metaphysical subjects.	Rubén Cedeño	Caracas
place of birth	Chelsy Davy was born in Bulawayo, Rhodesia, to Charles Davy, a South African safari farmer, and Beverley Donald Davy, a former Coca-Cola model and Miss Rhodesia 1973.	Chelsy Davy	Bulawayo
place of birth	Rodo was born in Vevey, and in 1866 moved with his family to Geneva.	Rodo	Vevey
place of birth	Zhang Chen (simplified Chinese: 张晨; traditional Chinese: 張晨; pinyin: Zhāng Chen; born on December 17, 1981 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player as a Goalkeeper.	Zhang Chen	Shanghai
place of birth	Harald Hudak (born 28 January 1957 in Vaihingen an der Enz) is a retired (West) German middle distance runner who specialized in 1500 metres.	Harald Hudak	Vaihingen an der Enz
place of birth	Alice Gainer (born July 3, 1982 in Wayne, New Jersey) is an Emmy Award winning Anchor/Reporter for WCBS-TV and WLNY-TV, New York.	Alice Gainer	Wayne
place of birth	Sheikh Tosun Bayrak al-Jerrahi al-Halveti (Istanbul: 1926) is an author, translator and Sufi.	Tosun Bayrak	Istanbul
place of birth	Clare Chambers (born 1966 in Croydon, Surrey, England) is a British novelist of different genres.	Clare Chambers	Croydon
place of birth	Vladyslav Korobkin (Ukrainian: Владислав Володимирович Коробкін, born 21 January 1983 in Kharkiv in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk in the Ukrainian Second League.	Vladyslav Korobkin	Kharkiv
place of birth	Feng Junyan (simplified Chinese: 冯俊彦; traditional Chinese: 馮俊彥; pinyin: Féng Jùnyàn; born 18 February 1984) is a former Chinese footballer who predominantly played for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Feng Junyan	Guangzhou
place of birth	Happy Traum (born Harry Peter Traum, May 9, 1938, The Bronx, New York City) is an American folk musician who started playing music in the 1950s.	Happy Traum	New York City
place of birth	Guy Parselany is Jewish, was born in Haifa, Israel, and grew up in Qiryat Haim.He is the son of Arie and Roth, and has two younger brothers, Roy and Tal Parselany.	Guy Parselany	Haifa
place of birth	Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah, Arabic: يوسف بن علوي بن عبد الله (born 1945 in Salalah) is an Omani politician.	Yusuf bin Alawi bin Abdullah	Salalah
place of birth	Frederic Bancroft (October 30, 1860 in Galesburg, Illinois -- on February 22, 1945) was a historian, author, and librarian.	Frederic Bancroft	Galesburg
place of birth	Andres Arango (born April 23, 1983 in Medellín) is a retired Colombian-born Canadian soccer player.	Andres Arango	Medellín
place of birth	Nataliia Lupu (born 4 November 1987 in Marshyntsi) is a Ukrainian athlete of Romanian descent, who specializes in 800 metres.	Nataliia Lupu	Marshyntsi
place of birth	Helman Mkhalele (born 20 October 1969, in Newcastle, KwaZulu-Natal) is a former South African football player better known as Midnight Express.	Helman Mkhalele	Newcastle
place of birth	Karan Rastogi (born 8 October 1986, Mumbai) is an Indian tennis player.	Karan Rastogi	Mumbai
place of birth	Hayford Peirce (born January 7, 1942 in Bangor, Maine) is an American writer of science fiction, mysteries, and spy thrillers.	Hayford Peirce	Bangor
place of birth	Lascelles Brown (born October 12, 1974 in May Pen) is a Jamaican-born Canadian bobsledder who has competed for three countries since starting his career in 1999.	Lascelles Brown	May Pen
place of birth	Till-Holger Borchert (born 1967, Hamburg) is a German art historian and author specialising in 14th and 15th-century art. He has been the chief curator of the Groeningemuseum and Arentshuis museums in Bruges since 2003.	Till-Holger Borchert	Hamburg
place of birth	Georges St-Pierre, a French-speaking Quebecer, was born on May 19, 1981 in Saint-Isidore, Quebec, to Roland and Pauline St-Pierre.	Georges St-Pierre	Saint-Isidore
place of birth	John Adair was born January 9, 1757, in Chester County, South Carolina, a son of Scottish immigrants Baron William and Mary (Moore) Adair.	John Adair	Chester County
place of birth	Soheil Ayari (born 5 April 1970) is a French-Iranian race car driver born in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie, from an Iranian father and a French mother.	Soheil Ayari	Aix-les-Bains
place of birth	Claudia Pastorino (born 1965 in Genoa) is an Italian singer-songwriter, author, and an advocate for animal rights, vegetarianism, and Jainism.	Claudia Pastorino	Genoa
place of birth	James Blight was born in 1976 in Richmond, British Columbia and started voice acting in 2003 after attending Vancouver Film School.	James Blight	Richmond
place of birth	Philippe Poutou (French pronunciation: ​(filip putu); born 14 March 1967 in Villemomble, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French far left political figure and trade unionist, and worker in a car factory.	Philippe Poutou	Villemomble
place of birth	At an early age Cai Jinbiao would be accepted in a specialist sports school within Xingning, Guangdong before he started his career playing for the Guangdong youth team where he would soon be promoted to the senior team in 1974.	Cai Jinbiao	Xingning
place of birth	Maurício Grabois was born on October 2, 1912 in Salvador, Bahia, a city on the northeast coast of Brazil.	Maurício Grabois	Salvador
place of birth	T. J. Jemison was born in 1918 in Selma, Alabama where his father, the Reverend David V. Jemison, was the pastor of the Tabernacle Baptist Church.	T. J. Jemison	Selma
place of birth	Drew Rutherford (4 October 1953 -- 14 December 2005) was a professional footballer who played most of his career for St Johnstone F.C. Although Edinburgh-born, Rutherford lived most of his life in Fife and started his professional career at East Fife.	Drew Rutherford	Edinburgh
place of birth	Paul Oskar Kristeller (May 22, 1905 in Berlin -- June 7, 1999 in New York, USA) was an important scholar of Renaissance humanism.	Paul Oskar Kristeller	Berlin
place of birth	Rajkumar Lal Pratap Singh was one of the Indian independence activist of 1857 hailing from Visen Rajput dynasty of royal family of Kalakankar.	Lal Pratap Singh	Kalakankar
place of birth	Petra Burka was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands on November 17, 1946, the daughter of renowned figure skater Ellen Burka and a Czech-born artist Jan Burka.	Petra Burka	Amsterdam
place of birth	Yammie Lam Kit-ying (born 27 April 1964), also known as Yammie Nam, is a former Hong Kong TVB actress, most notable for her performances in The Greed of Man and Looking Back In Anger.	Yammie Lam	Hong Kong
place of birth	Born in New Delhi on the 11th of May, Arvind Krishna has spent his childhood traversing between Chennai and Delhi.	Arvind Krishna	New Delhi
place of birth	Reza Mirkarimi (Persian: رضا میرکریمی ‎‎, Born 28 January 1966 in Tehran) is an Iranian film writer and director.	Reza Mirkarimi	Tehran
place of birth	Jon de Mello born in Honolulu and raised in Waikiki is an American record producer, manager, composer, artist, very famous for producing Israel ``IZ'' Kamakawiwoʻole.	Jon de Mello	Honolulu
place of birth	Nina Sulaberidze (Georgian: ნინა სულაბერიძე, born 31 January 1995 in Moscow, Russia), better known by her stage name Nina Sublatti (Georgian: ნინა სუბლატი), is a Georgian singer, songwriter, calligrapher and model.	Nina Sublatti	Moscow
place of birth	Piet van der Kuil (10 February 1933, Velsen) is a former Dutch footballer and has a football school in Velsen.	Piet van der Kuil	Velsen
place of birth	Ana-Maria Avram (born September 12, 1961 in Bucharest) is a Romanian composer affiliated with the spectral music style.	Ana-Maria Avram	Bucharest
place of birth	Welinton Souza Silva, or simply Welinton (born April 10, 1989 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian football central back, who plays for Brazilian Série A club Flamengo.	Welinton	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Gene Havlick (March 16, 1894 in Enid, Oklahoma, USA-May 11, 1959 in Los Angeles, California) was an American film editor.	Gene Havlick	Enid
place of birth	Miodrag Đurđević (born June 2, 1961 in Doboj) is a former Yugoslav/Bosnian football player.	Miodrag Đurđević	Doboj
place of birth	Born in Munich, Klaus Mann was the son of German writer Thomas Mann and his wife, Katia Pringsheim.	Klaus Mann	Munich
place of birth	Born in Matosinhos, Cadinha spent the better part of his career with hometown club Leixões SC, reaching the youth academy at the age of 10.	Cadinha	Matosinhos
place of birth	Firas Kashosh (Arabic: فراس قاشوش‎) (born 10 January 1976 in Hama, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Firas Kashosh	Hama
place of birth	Matthias Kessler (born May 16, 1979 in Nuremberg), is a German professional road racing cyclist who rode for Astana.	Matthias Kessler	Nuremberg
place of birth	Bassem Boulaâbi (بسام البولعابي, born 11 January 1984 in Tunis) is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Chinese Super League side Hangzhou Greentown.	Bassem Boulaâbi	Tunis
place of birth	Felix Kopstein (4 June 1893, Vienna -- 14 April 1939, The Hague) was an Austrian-Dutch physician and naturalist, known for his work in the field of herpetology.	Felix Kopstein	Vienna
place of birth	Oldřich Kaiser (born 16 April 1955, Liberec, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech TV, film, and stage actor, known mostly for his comedy roles.	Oldřich Kaiser	Liberec
place of birth	Omer Fadida (Hebrew: עומר פדידה‎, born 17 July 1990 in Kfar Saba) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as striker for Israeli Prememier League club Hapoel Kfar Saba.	Omer Fadida	Kfar Saba
place of birth	Born in Wolmirstedt, Prussia, Friedrich Schrader passed his Abitur at the Domgymnasium Magdeburg.	Friedrich Schrader	Wolmirstedt
place of birth	Laura Tomlinson (née Bechtolsheimer) MBE (born 31 January 1985, in Mainz, Germany) is a German-born British dressage rider competing at Olympic level.	Laura Tomlinson	Mainz
place of birth	Ven Te Chow (周文德), (October 7, 1919, Hangzhou, China, -- July 30, 1981), was an engineer and educator.	Ven Te Chow	Hangzhou
place of birth	Contrary to a popular belief that Genevieve Tobin was born in Dublin, Ireland, her New York City birth is conclusively proven by her legal birth certificate - Number 46157 - of November 29, 1899.	Genevieve Tobin	New York City
place of birth	Carol Reed was born in Putney, south-west London.	Carol Reed	Putney
place of birth	Richard Hunter Gilstrap, Jr. (born April 17, 1983 in Asheville, North Carolina) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the United Soccer League.	Hunter Gilstrap	Asheville
place of birth	Born at Ícolo e Bengo, in Bengo Province, Angola, in 1922, Neto attended high school in the capital city, Luanda; his father, also called Agostinho Neto, was a Methodist pastor.	Agostinho Neto	Ícolo e Bengo
place of birth	Peter Sládek (born 7 July 1989) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Myjava as a forward or a winger.	Peter Sládek	Myjava
place of birth	Douglas da Costa Souza or simply Bilica (born January 31, 1979 in Fortaleza), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Douglas da Costa Souza	Fortaleza
place of birth	Jukka Vastaranta (born March 29, 1984) is a Finnish pro-cyclist from Tampere.	Jukka Vastaranta	Tampere
place of birth	Saša Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Caшa Koвaчeвић, born 29 March 1973 in Zemun) is a Serbian former international footballer.	Saša Kovačević	Zemun
place of birth	Neil Duffy was born in Glasgow on 5 June 1967, but brought up in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.	Neil Duffy	Glasgow
place of birth	Muhamed Keita (born 2 September 1990 in Banjul, Gambia) is a Norwegian footballer of Gambian ancestry, currently playing for Strømsgodset, on loan from Lech Poznań in the Norwegian Tippeligaen.	Muhamed Keita	Banjul
place of birth	Ángel Nieves Díaz (August 31, 1951 -- December 13, 2006) was an American convict from the US territory of Puerto Rico who was executed by lethal injection by the State of Florida.	Ángel Nieves Díaz	Puerto Rico
place of birth	Hakan Albayrak was born in Hanau, in the German state Hessen to Ziya Albayrak, who went to Germany in the early 1960s, seeking work as part of a formal guest worker programme, and his wife Gülbeyaz Albayrak.	Hakan Albayrak	Hanau
place of birth	Farhat Musabekov (Russian: Фархад Мусабеков, tr. Farkhad Musabekov; born 3 January 1994) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Abdysh-Ata Kant and Kyrgyzstan.	Farhat Musabekov	Kyrgyzstan
place of birth	Pao Sarasin graduated from Vajiravudh College, a boarding school in Bangkok.	Pao Sarasin	Bangkok
place of birth	Albert von Maybach was born on 29 November 1822 at Werne an der Lippe as the son of the mayor (Bürgermeister) of Werne.	Albert von Maybach	Werne
place of birth	Clive Sinclair was born to George William Sinclair and Thora Edith Ella Marles in 1940 near Richmond, then in Surrey.	Clive Sinclair	Surrey
place of birth	Terry McGurrin (born November 5, 1968) is a Canadian actor, comedian and writer from Ottawa, Ontario.	Terry McGurrin	Ottawa
place of birth	Paul Gruchow (May 23, 1947 -- February 22, 2004) was an American author, editor, and conservationist from Montevideo, Minnesota.	Paul Gruchow	Montevideo
place of birth	Raven Oak (born December 21, 1977 in Riverside, California) is an American author, whose written works range from science fiction & fantasy to cross-genre.	Raven Oak	Riverside
place of birth	Reginald Pinney was born in 1863 in Clifton, Bristol, the eldest son of the Reverend John Pinney, vicar of Coleshill, Warwickshire, and his wife, Harriet.	Reginald Pinney	Clifton
place of birth	He was born William Bliss Carman in Fredericton, in the Maritime province of New Brunswick.	Bliss Carman	Fredericton
place of birth	Stephan Hansen Stephanius (July 23, 1599 -- April 22, 1650), born in Copenhagen, was a Danish royal historiographer and professor in Sorø.	Stephanius	Copenhagen
place of birth	Ezequiel Viñao (born July 21, 1960 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-American composer.	Ezequiel Viñao	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Gintaras Steponavičius (born 23 July 1967 in Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian lawyer and Liberal politician.	Gintaras Steponavičius	Klaipėda
place of birth	Maria Arkhipova (Russian: Мари́я Архипова; born 9 January 1983 in Moscow), known by her stage name as Masha Scream (Russian: Маша Крик) is a Russian folk/pagan metal musician from Moscow.	Maria Arkhipova	Moscow
place of birth	Sara Driver (born December 15, 1955) is an American independent filmmaker from Westfield, New Jersey.	Sara Driver	Westfield, New Jersey
place of birth	Mark Salter is an American speechwriter from Davenport, Iowa, known for his collaborations with United States Senator John McCain on several nonfiction books as well as on political speeches.	Mark Salter	Iowa
place of birth	Vitaliy Nikolayevich Bubentsov (Russian: Виталий Бубенцов; born February 12, 1944, Murmansk) is a Russian artist working in the genres of portrait, landscape, still-life and thematic picture executed in various techniques.	Vitaliy Nikolayevich Bubentsov	Murmansk
place of birth	Selâhattin Âdil (January 19, 1882; Constantinople (Istanbul) -- February 27, 1961; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army.	Selâhattin Âdil	Istanbul
place of birth	Günther Rüdel was born in Metz, in Alsace-Lorraine, on 15 November 1883.	Günther Rüdel	Metz
place of birth	Jean-Honoré de Trogoff de Kerlessy (5 May 1751, Lanmeur -- February 1794, in the roadstead at Porto-Ferrajo, Elba) was a French count and contre-amiral, notable for handing over the French fleet at Toulon over to the British in 1793.	Jean-Honoré de Trogoff de Kerlessy	Lanmeur
place of birth	Henry Head was born on 4 August 1861 at number 6, Park Road, Stoke Newington (a district in the London Borough of Hackney), as the eldest son of Henry Head and his wife Hester Beck and one of eleven children.	Henry Head	London
place of birth	Frederick Coyett (Chinese: 揆一; pinyin: Kuíyī; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kûi-it), born in Stockholm c. 1615, buried in Amsterdam on 17 October 1687, was a Swedish nobleman and the last colonial governor for the Dutch colony of Formosa.	Frederick Coyett	Stockholm
place of birth	Werner Sombart was born in Ermsleben, Harz, the son of a wealthy liberal politician, industrialist, and estate-owner, Anton Ludwig Sombart.	Werner Sombart	Ermsleben
place of birth	William Murdoch was born in Lugar near Cumnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland, the third of seven children and the first son to survive beyond infancy.	William Murdoch	Ayrshire
place of birth	Vlado Badžim (born 21 October 1964 in Koper), is a retired Slovenian football player and football coach.	Vlado Badžim	Koper
place of birth	Kimberly Osorio (born June 14, 1974 in The Bronx, New York City) is an American Hip hop music journalist, writer, author, TV personality and media executive, who holds a Juris Doctorate from New York Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from Fordham University.	Kimberly Osorio	The Bronx
place of birth	Mickaël Pagis (born August 17, 1973 in Angers, Maine-et-Loire) is a retired French football striker and currently a beach soccer player.	Mickaël Pagis	Angers
place of birth	Aloysius O'Kelly (3 July 1853 in Dublin -- 1936) was an Irish painter.	Aloysius O'Kelly	Dublin
place of birth	Michael Flürscheim (January 27, 1844, Frankfurt/Main - April 26, 1912) was a German economist and Georgist.	Michael Flürscheim	Frankfurt
place of birth	Leela James (born June 2, 1983 in Los Angeles, California) is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter.	Leela James	Los Angeles
place of birth	Milutin Mrkonjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милутин Мркоњић; pronounced (milǔtin mr̩̂kɔɲitɕ); born 23 May 1942 in Belgrade) is a Serbian politician.	Milutin Mrkonjić	Belgrade
place of birth	Zhu Shiyu (Chinese: 朱世玉; pinyin: Zhū Shìyù; born 16 April 1991 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One.	Zhu Shiyu	Qingdao
place of birth	Nestor Lakoba was born in the village of Lykhny in Abkhazia and like many Caucasian Bolsheviks, began as a bandit persecuted by the Tsarist police, and he became a personal friend of Stalin's during their time together in the revolutionary underground.	Nestor Lakoba	Abkhazia
place of birth	Warren Ounjian (born May 11, 1982 in Ajax, Ontario) is a Canadian amateur skateboarder.	Warren Ounjian	Ajax
place of birth	Hani Al Taiar (Arabic: هاني الطيار‎) (born May 1, 1990 in Homs) is a Syrian footballer.	Hani Al Taiar	Homs
place of birth	Moritz Leuenberger (born 21 September 1946 in Biel/Bienne, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss politician, lawyer, was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1995 to 2010 and President of the Confederation in 2001 and in 2006.	Moritz Leuenberger	Biel/Bienne
place of birth	Moussa Guindo (born January 25, 1991 in Adjamé) is an Ivorian-Malian footballer, who currently plays for CA Bizertin.	Moussa Guindo	Adjamé
place of birth	Robert Maćkowiak (born May 13, 1970 in Rawicz, Wielkopolskie) is a former Polish sprinter.	Robert Maćkowiak	Rawicz
place of birth	A member of the Spinola family, Filippo Spinola was born in Genoa on 1 December 1535, the son of Agostino Spinola, count of Tassarolo, and Gironima Albenga.	Filippo Spinola	Genoa
place of birth	George Ledwell Taylor (31 March 1788 -- 1 May 1873) was an architect and landowner who lived in London.	George Ledwell Taylor	London
place of birth	Girsh Blumberg was raised in Viljandi, Estonia of educator parents, along with his two sisters.	Girsh Blumberg	Viljandi
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste de Santeul was born on 12 May 1630 in Paris, to a good family.	Jean-Baptiste de Santeul	Paris
place of birth	Dimitris Kyriakidis (Greek: Δημήτρης Κυριακίδης; born 24 June 1986 in Kavala) is a Greek footballer.	Dimitris Kyriakidis	Kavala
place of birth	David Astle (born 9 November 1961 in Sydney, Australia) is a Melbourne-based writer of non-fiction, fiction and plays.	David Astle	Sydney
place of birth	Jasmine Kara was born and raised in Örebro, Sweden, to a Swedish mother and a father from Iran.	Jasmine Kara	Örebro
place of birth	Born Moyer MacClaren Bupp in New York City, Sonny Bupp was the brother of actors Tommy Bupp (1924--1983), June Bupp (1913--1989) and Ann Bupp (b. 1922).	Sonny Bupp	New York City
place of birth	Afrânio Pompílio Gastos do Amaral (1 December 1894, Belém -- 29 November 1982, São Paulo) was a Brazilian herpetologist.	Afrânio Pompílio Gastos do Amaral	Belém
place of birth	Stefania Jabłońska (September 7, 1920 -- March 18, 2015) is a Polish physician and professor emeritus of Dermatology at Medical University of Warsaw.	Stefania Jabłońska	Warsaw
place of birth	Andreas Palaiologos or Palaeologus (Greek: Ἀνδρέας Παλαιολόγος; Serbian: Андреја Палеолог; 1453--1502) was the pretender Byzantine emperor and Despot of Morea from 1465 until his death in 1502.	Andreas Palaiologos	Morea
place of birth	Jules Halfant (June 23, 1909 in New York City, New York -- May 5, 2001 in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey) is an American painter and printmaker.	Jules Halfant	New York City
place of birth	Mike Kuchar (born August 31, 1942, New York City) is an American underground filmmaker and actor.	Mike Kuchar	New York City
place of birth	Alderton was born in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, the son of Ivy (née Handley) and Gordon John Alderton.	John Alderton	Gainsborough
place of birth	Desmond Fa'aiuaso (born 24 February 1984) is a Football striker from Samoa who currently plays for ASB Premiership team YoungHeart Manawatu.	Desmond Fa'aiuaso	Samoa
place of birth	Mikhail Bestuzhev-Ryumin was born in the village Kudryoshky (Кудрёшки) of Gorbatov uyezd, Nizhny Novgorod Governorate (guberniya) on June 4, 1801 (according to other sources 1803).	Mikhail Bestuzhev-Ryumin	Nizhny Novgorod
place of birth	Duryodhana becomes the prince regent of Hastinapur, and owing to the age and blindness of his father, he accumulates much control and influence, managing the state affairs himself with a group of his advisers that include his uncle Shakuni, brother Dushasana and friend Karna.	Duryodhana	Hastinapur
place of birth	Harry Eagle (born in New York City on 1905; died June 21, 1992) was an American physician and pathologist.	Harry Eagle	New York City
place of birth	Dawid Woliński (born 1977 in Włocławek-Poland) is a Polish fashion designer.	Dawid Woliński	Włocławek
place of birth	Victor Boucquet or Vigor Boucquet, a Flemish painter, was born at Veurne in 1619.	Victor Boucquet	Veurne
place of birth	Lee Jenkins (born 28 June 1979 in Pontypool) is a Welsh professional footballer who most recently played Welsh Premier League side Carmarthen Town.	Lee Jenkins	Pontypool
place of birth	Ferruccio Diena (born in Turin) was an Italian professional football player.	Ferruccio Diena	Turin
place of birth	Leonardo Koutris (Greek: Λεονάρντο Κούτρης), born 23 July 1995 in Rhodes, is a Greek-Brazilian professional footballer, who currently plays for Greek Superleague club PAS Giannina.	Leonardo Koutris	Rhodes
place of birth	Louis de Funès was born on 31 July 1914 in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine to parents from Seville, Spain.	Louis de Funès	Courbevoie
place of birth	Abu Nidal was born in May 1937 in Jaffa, on the Mediterranean coast of what was then the British Mandate of Palestine.	Abu Nidal	Jaffa
place of birth	Fu Bin (Chinese: 符宾; Chinese: 符賓; pinyin: Fú Bīn; born May 6, 1969 in Beijing) is a Chinese football goalkeeping coach and a former international football player.	Fu Bin	Beijing
place of birth	Valentini Daskaloudi, (Greek: Βαλεντίνη Δασκαλούδη) born 1979 in Athens, is a Greek fashion model.	Valentini Daskaloudi	Athens
place of birth	Rufus Stokes (September 3, 1922 - June 22, 1986), an African American inventor, was born in Phenix City, Alabama.	Rufus Stokes	Phenix City
place of birth	Ian Daglish was born in Redhill, Surrey in 1952 and lived briefly in the United States from the age of eight.	Ian Daglish	Redhill
place of birth	Hannah Whelan was born on 1 July 1992 in Singapore to Mike and Karen Whelan where she lived until she was two years old.	Hannah Whelan	Singapore
place of birth	Oswald Mathias Ungers was born in Kaisersesch in the Eifel region.	Oswald Mathias Ungers	Kaisersesch
place of birth	Born in Bologna, after attending the high school together with Pier Paolo Pasolini, Daniele Vargas enrolled the Faculty of Medicine of the Bologna University.	Daniele Vargas	Bologna
place of birth	Markus Stenz (born 28 February 1965, Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German conductor.	Markus Stenz	Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler
place of birth	Raj Kundra's father was a Punjabi who migrated from Ludhiana and became a bus conductor in London before running a small business.	Raj Kundra	London
place of birth	Christine Charlotte of Solms-Braunfels (10 November 1690 in Greifenstein -- 16 October 1771 in Homburg) was a Countess of Solms-Braunfels by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse-Homburg.	Christine Charlotte of Solms-Braunfels	Greifenstein
place of birth	Rodrigue César (born 14 April 1988 in Ducos) is a French-martinique footballer, who currently plays for Avenir Sportif Béziers.	Rodrigue César	Ducos
place of birth	Tiziano Siviero (born 28 October 1957 in Bassano del Grappa, Veneto) is an Italian rally co-driver.	Tiziano Siviero	Bassano del Grappa
place of birth	Born in São Paulo, Jô played for Brazilian side Corinthians during the years of 2003--2005.	Jô	São Paulo
place of birth	Allen Zadoff was born in Boston, Massachusetts and went on to live in upstate New York, Manhattan, Tokyo, and Los Angeles.	Allen Zadoff	Boston
place of birth	Leonardus Achates de Basilea, born Leonhard Agtstein in Basel, was a compositor who worked from 1472 to 1491.	Leonardus Achates	Basel
place of birth	Dennis Satin was born in the Bulgarian capital, Sofia, and grew up in Kassel, Hessen.	Dennis Satin	Sofia
place of birth	Watson was born in Jackson, Georgia, the son of Caroline (née Smith) and Larkin Douglass Watson, Jr., a teacher.	Douglass Watson	Jackson
place of birth	Bernd Buchheister (born on 21 September 1962 in Braunschweig) is a retired German football player.	Bernd Buchheister	Braunschweig
place of birth	The date and place of Nikitaras' birth are disputed, but he is thought to have been born either in the village of Nedoussa (Νέδουσα) in the Peloponnesian province of Messenia or in Leontari in Arcadia circa 1784.	Nikitaras	Messenia
place of birth	Hu Mingfei (Chinese: 胡鸣飞; pinyin: Hú Míngfēi; born 24 February 1993 in Zhenjiang) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai Shenxin in the Chinese Super League.	Hu Mingfei	Zhenjiang
place of birth	Giuseppe Schirò Di Maggio (Arbërisht Zef Skiro Di Maxhio), born in 1944, is an Arbëreshë poet and dramatist of Piana degli Albanesi in Sicily.	Giuseppe Schirò Di Maggio	Piana degli Albanesi
place of birth	Chuck Allie Gepaya (born at June 2, 1988 in Making, Parang, Maguindanao) is a Filipino actor and current PR Specialist of TV5.	Chuck Allie	Maguindanao
place of birth	Jean Marc Ndjofang (born 15 March 1976 in Ebolowa) is a Cameroonian draughts player, resident since 2002 in the Netherlands.He was African champion in 2000 and 2010.	Jean Marc Ndjofang	Ebolowa
place of birth	Ingrid Rüütel was born in Tallinn as a daughter of communist politician Neeme Ruus and his wife actress Linda Karin Ruus (née Aruküll).	Ingrid Rüütel	Tallinn
place of birth	Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu (born 2 December 1990 in Berekum), known mononymously as Badu (/bɑːˈduː/ bah-DOO), is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays for Serie A club Udinese.	Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu	Berekum
place of birth	Robert Lehmann (born 9 January 1984 in Erfurt) is a German long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.	Robert Lehmann	Erfurt
place of birth	Alejandro Agustín Domenez (born 25 February 1987 in Tandil) is an Argentine football Midfielder currently playing for Gimnasia y Esgrima.	Alejandro Agustín Domenez	Tandil
place of birth	Karl Llewellyn was born on May 22, 1893, in Seattle, but grew up in Brooklyn.	Karl Llewellyn	Seattle
place of birth	Henri-Julien Dumont (1859, Beauvais, Oise - 1921) was a French impressionist painter.	Henri-Julien Dumont	Beauvais
place of birth	Sherod Hunter was born on March 5, 1834 in Lincoln County, Tennessee, but was orphaned in 1840 and raised by various relatives.	Sherod Hunter	Lincoln County
place of birth	John de Borman (born 1954 in Paris) is a French born British cinematographer.	John de Borman	Paris
place of birth	Bruce Barth, born September 7, 1958 in Pasadena, California, is a jazz pianist.	Bruce Barth	Pasadena
place of birth	Alfonso Di Guida (Naples, 1 May 1954) is an Italian former spinter (400 m).	Alfonso Di Guida	Naples
place of birth	Francis Wayland (March 11, 1796 -- September 30, 1865), American Baptist educator and economist, was born in New York City, New York.	Francis Wayland	New York City
place of birth	Shi Jianqiao was born in Tongcheng City, Anhui Province, in the small village of Shazigang.	Shi Jianqiao	Tongcheng
place of birth	Conrad Voss Bark was born in 1913 to a family of Quakers in the Cottingham, East Riding of Yorkshire.	Conrad Voss Bark	Cottingham, East Riding of Yorkshire
place of birth	Sara Bertoli (born May 5, 1979 in Rome) is an Italian modern pentathlete.	Sara Bertoli	Rome
place of birth	Scipione Cobelluzzi was born in Viterbo into a well-off family: according to the Jesuit Angelo Galluzzi, who gave his funeral oration, his father, a pharmacist, became conservatore (magistrate) of Viterbo on the same day that Scipione was born.	Scipione Cobelluzzi	Viterbo
place of birth	James Kottak (born December 26, 1962, Louisville, Kentucky) is an American drummer for the German hard rock band Scorpions, which he joined in 1996.	James Kottak	Louisville
place of birth	Renārs Kaupers, artistic name Reynard Cowper (born 1 September 1974 in Jelgava) is a Latvian pop singer and songwriter.	Renārs Kaupers	Jelgava
place of birth	Elena Leonova (Russian: Елена Леонова, born 21 July 1973 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a former Soviet pair skater.	Elena Leonova	Moscow
place of birth	Dato' Mokhtar Dahari (13 November 1953 -- 11 July 1991) was a Malaysian Association football player from Setapak, Selangor (during that time).	Mokhtar Dahari	Selangor
place of birth	Júlio César Valduga Camargo, popularly known as Julinho Camargo, (born 12 January 1971 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian professional association football manager.	Julinho Camargo	Porto Alegre
place of birth	John Thomas Idlet was born in Baltimore in 1930, the son of a teacher and First world war veteran who claimed to have invented the ``double header'' ice-cream cone.	John Thomas Idlet	Baltimore
place of birth	Thomas Townsend Brown was born into a wealthy construction family in Zanesville, Ohio in 1905.	Thomas Townsend Brown	Zanesville
place of birth	Charis Pavlidis (Greek: Χάρης Παυλίδης, born 25 January 1971 in Thessaloniki) is a retired Greek water polo player and the current coach of Olympiacos Women's Water Polo Team, since 2007.	Charis Pavlidis	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Andriy Chornovil is a deputy of Lviv regional council.	Andriy Chornovil	Lviv
place of birth	Brian Mannix (born 7 October 1961 in Melbourne) is an Australian rock music singer and actor.	Brian Mannix	Melbourne
place of birth	Turpino Zaccagna (active c. 1537) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, born in Florence or Cortona (according to Lanzi).	Turpino Zaccagna	Florence	Cortona
place of birth	The eldest son of Adolphus Ballard and Frances Ann née Stafford he was born in Chichester, Sussex, educated in Hastings, Sussex and articled as a solicitor in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire before moving to take up the position of Town Clerk for Woodstock, Oxfordshire.	Adolphus Ballard	Chichester
place of birth	A native of Kandava, a small town in Latvian region of Courland, Žanis Ansons was born into a farming family.	Žanis Ansons	Kandava
place of birth	Américo Alberto de Barros e Assis Boavida (November 20, 1923 in Luanda -- September 25, 1968), generally known as Dr. Américo Boavida, was an Angolan physician active in his country's nationalist movement.	Américo Boavida	Luanda
place of birth	Timothy James Webb, as a musician also known as Tim J. Webb (born Warburton, Victoria, 13 February 1967), is an Australian painter and sculptor, who has been living in Munich, Germany, since 2000.	Timothy James Webb	Warburton
place of birth	Michal Hašek (born 17 April 1976, in Brno, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech politician and the current Governor of South Moravia.	Michal Hašek	Brno
place of birth	Kōtarō Nishiyama (西山 宏太朗 Nishiyama Kōtarō, born October 11, 1991) is a Japanese voice actor from Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.	Kōtarō Nishiyama	Kanagawa Prefecture
place of birth	Katalin Rodriguez-Ogren (maiden name Katalin Rodriguez Zamiar, best known as Katalin Zamiar) (born August 12, 1971 in Chicago) is a Cuban American martial artist, sportswriter, and martial arts actress.	Katalin Zamiar	Chicago
place of birth	This was the single worst Ottoman defeat of World War I. On his return to Constantinople, Enver Pasha blamed his failure on his Armenian soldiers, although in January 1915, an Armenian named Hovannes had saved his life during a battle by carrying Enver through battle lines on his back.	Enver Pasha	Constantinople
place of birth	Saint Comgall was born sometime between 510 and 520, according to the Irish annals, in Dál nAraidi (Dalaradia) in Ulster, near the place now known as Magheramorne in present-day County Antrim.	Comgall	County Antrim
place of birth	Daniel Bozhkov (Bulgarian: Даниел Ангелов Божков; born 27 April 1983 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian versatile defensive footballer who currently plays for Eurocollege.	Daniel Bozhkov	Plovdiv
place of birth	Philip Ferns (born November 14, 1937, in Liverpool, England) is an English footballer who played as a left back in the Football League.	Philip Ferns	Liverpool
place of birth	Erikson Llanes (born September 5, 1994) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Juárez of Ascenso MX on loan from Monterrey.	Erikson Llanes	Monterrey
place of birth	Matthew Glaetzer (born 24 August 1992) is an Australian track cyclist from the Adelaide suburb of Paradise.	Matthew Glaetzer	Adelaide
place of birth	Born in Chicago, Illinois into a White Anglo-Saxon Protestant family of considerable wealth, Mary Jayne Gold was educated at the Master's School at Dobbs Ferry, New York and a finishing school in Italy.	Mary Jayne Gold	Chicago
place of birth	Thomas Drain (born 1880 in Pollokshaws, Scotland) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Woolwich Arsenal, Bradford City and Leeds City.	Thomas Drain	Pollokshaws
place of birth	Dave Simons grew up in New York City and always wanted to be a comic book artist.	Dave Simons	New York City
place of birth	Curtis Kulig is an American artist, photographer, and illustrator who lives and works New York City.	Curtis Kulig	New York City
place of birth	Alicia Warrington (born August 30, 1980 in Saginaw, Michigan) is an American freelance drummer.	Alicia Warrington	Saginaw
place of birth	Jan Czeczot was born on 24 July 1796 in a noble family that was part of the Clan of Ostoja family of Tadeusz Czeczot in Małuszyce (Malušyčy, now in Hrodna Voblast) near Navahrudak.	Jan Czeczot	Malušyčy
place of birth	Alex Geana (Born 1979, Bucharest Romania) is an American/Romanian photographer and writer best known for his works on contemporary fashion culture.	Alex Geana	Bucharest
place of birth	Mehdi Niyayesh Pour born 25 January 1992), is an Iranian footballer, currently playing in Esteghlal Ahvaz.	Mehdi Niyayesh Pour	Ahvaz
place of birth	Fábio Leopoldo Silva (born April 17, 1977 in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian mixed martial artist and is currently an active Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and a world-renowned instructor.	Fábio Leopoldo	São Paulo
place of birth	Dimitar Telkiyski (Bulgarian: Димитър Телкийски; born 5 May 1977 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian former footballer.	Dimitar Telkiyski	Plovdiv
place of birth	Jennifer Dundas (born January 14, 1971 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American actress best known for her role as Chris Paradis, Diane Keaton's lesbian daughter, in The First Wives Club.	Jennifer Dundas	Massachusetts
place of birth	Tim Velten (born September 1, 1983 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American soccer player, last playing for AC St. Louis in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.	Tim Velten	St. Louis
place of birth	Than Shwe was born in Minzu village, near Kyaukse, British Burma in 1933 or 1935.	Than Shwe	Kyaukse
place of birth	Jimmy Hannah (born c. 1868 in Glasgow; died 1917 in Sunderland) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and the Scottish national football team as a winger.	Jimmy Hannah	Glasgow
place of birth	In 1976, Valeria Sannucci graduated in economics from Rome's La Sapienza University and later obtained an economics Master of Arts from Columbia University in New York City.	Valeria Sannucci	Rome
place of birth	Riccardo Bonetto (born 20 March 1979 in Asolo, Treviso) is an Italian football of Bassano Virtus.	Riccardo Bonetto	Asolo
place of birth	Diogo Augusto Pacheco da Fontoura, nickname Diogo Rincón or just Rincón (Ukrainian: Діого Рінкон; born on 18 April 1980 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is a professional Brazilian football player, who currently playing for Canoas.	Diogo Rincón	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Yolanda Andrade (born 28 December 1970) is a Mexican celebrity born in Culiacán, Sinaloa.	Yolanda Andrade	Culiacán
place of birth	Heidi Hollinger (born 1968 in Montreal, Quebec) is a political photographer and documentary presenter.	Heidi Hollinger	Montreal
place of birth	Alexander Shakalov (Ukrainian: Олександр Васильович Шакалов; born 26 March 1982 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian ice dancer.	Alexander Shakalov	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Saša Gedeon (born August 29, 1970 in Prague) is a Czech director.	Saša Gedeon	Prague
place of birth	Francesco Zizola was born in Rome and studied Anthropology.	Francesco Zizola	Rome
place of birth	Mary Calvi (born June 11, 1969) is an American television journalist and First Lady of the City of Yonkers, N.Y. She is the co-anchor of ``CBS2 This Morning'' and ``CBS2 At Noon'' at WCBS-TV in New York City, and the recipient of 7 Emmy Awards.	Mary Calvi	New York City
place of birth	Orlando Contreras Collantes (born 11 June 1982 in Pucallpa, Lima) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a center back for Deportivo Municipal in the Peruvian First Division.	Orlando Contreras	Lima
place of birth	Barry Markus (born 17 July 1991 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist with UCI ProTeam Team LottoNL - Jumbo.	Barry Markus	Amsterdam
place of birth	Omri Afek (Hebrew: עמרי אפק‎; born 31 March 1979 in Kiryat Ono) is a retired Israeli footballer who last played for Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv.	Omri Afek	Kiryat Ono
place of birth	Sir Gore Ouseley was born in Limerick in Ireland to Ralph and Elizabeth (born Holland) Ouseley.	Gore Ouseley	Limerick
place of birth	Feras Esmaeel (Arabic: فراس إسماعيل‎) (born 3 January 1983 in Damascus, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Feras Esmaeel	Damascus
place of birth	Sven Thomas Hanzon (born 20 June 1962) is a Swedish actor and stage actor at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm and former footballer.	Thomas Hanzon	Stockholm
place of birth	Sandra Bookman (born October 8, 1959 in Beaumont, Texas) is an American television news reporter and weekend anchor.	Sandra Bookman	Beaumont
place of birth	Subedar Joginder Singh Sahnan, PVC (26 September 1921 -- 23 October 1962), a Saini Sikh, born in Moga, Punjab (British India), was a Subedar in the Indian Army who was awarded the distinguished Param Vir Chakra, the highest war-time gallantry award of the Indian Army.	Joginder Singh Sahnan	Moga, Punjab
place of birth	Anthony Page (21 September 1935 in Bangalore, Karnataka, India) is a British stage and film director.	Anthony Page	Bangalore
place of birth	Thomas Merton was born in Prades, Pyrénées-Orientales, France, on January 31, 1915, to Owen Merton, a New Zealand painter active in Europe and the United States, and Ruth Jenkins, an American Quaker and artist.	Thomas Merton	Prades
place of birth	Heike Hennig had her first dance lessons at the age of 5 years in Leipzig.	Heike Hennig	Leipzig
place of birth	Jean-Camille Formigé was born in 1845 in Le Bouscat, in the Gironde department of France.	Jean-Camille Formigé	Le Bouscat
place of birth	Saša Branežac (Serbian Cyrillic: Caшa Бpaнeжaц, born December 23, 1976 in Osijek) is a Croatia born Serbian footballer currently playing back in Serbia with FK Kovačevac.	Saša Branežac	Osijek
place of birth	José Ignacio Warnes y García de Zúñiga (Buenos Aires, 1772 -- El Parí, 1816) was an Argentine soldier who fought in the Argentine War of Independence.	Ignacio Warnes	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Julie Speidel (b. Seattle, 1941) is a sculptor from Seattle, Washington.	Julie Speidel	Seattle
place of birth	Fábio Gomes (born February 6, 1981 in Rio Claro), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Fábio Gomes	Rio Claro
place of birth	Nil Izvorov was born in Ruse in August 1823 under the name Nikola Dimitrov.	Nil Izvorov	Ruse
place of birth	Dmytro Bulatov (Ukrainian: Дмитро Сергійович Булатов; August 13, 1978 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian civic activist who was Minister of Youth and Sports in the 2014 Yatsenyuk Government.	Dmytro Bulatov	Kiev
place of birth	Jeannie Ortega was born in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York and is of Puerto Rican descent.	Jeannie Ortega	Bushwick
place of birth	Paris Nogari (c. 1536--1601) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, a minor pupil of Cesare Nebbia active mainly in Rome.	Paris Nogari	Rome
place of birth	Dale Mulholland (born August 16, 1964 in Tacoma, Washington) grew up in Manitou, South Tacoma and is a former US professional soccer player (FIFA registered) who has had a gypsical career in soccer taking him all over the world starting back in 1985 with TSV Reichenbach 05 of West Germany.	Dale Mulholland	Tacoma
place of birth	Born in Jefferson City, Missouri, Jack Kilby grew up and attended school in Great Bend, Kansas, graduating from Great Bend High School.	Jack Kilby	Jefferson City
place of birth	Sir John Macpherson, 1st Baronet (ca. 1745 -- 12 January 1821), from Sleat, Isle of Skye, Scotland, was a Scottish administrator in India.	Sir John Macpherson, 1st Baronet	Sleat
place of birth	Johannes Phocylides Holwarda (Jan Fokkesz, Jan Fokker, Johann Holwarda, Johannes Fokkes Holwarda, Jan Fokkens Holwarda, Jan Fokkes van Holwerd) (February 19, 1618--January 22, 1651) was a Frisian astronomer, physician, and philosopher.	Johannes Phocylides Holwarda	Holwerd
place of birth	Tang Yaodong (Chinese: 唐尧东) (born 17 February 1962 in Shenyang, China), is a former Chinese international footballer.	Tang Yaodong	Shenyang
place of birth	Anis Ananenka (Belarusian: Аніс Ананенка; born 29 November 1985 in Zhlobin) is a Belarusian middle-distance runner.	Anis Ananenka	Zhlobin
place of birth	Anna Maria Guarnieri (born 20 August 1933, Milan) is an Italian actress, notable for her work in theatre and film and as a voice actor, particularly during the 1960s.	Anna Maria Guarnieri	Milan
place of birth	Martien Vreijsen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɑr.tin ˈvrɛi̯.sə(n))) (born 15 November 1955 in Breda) is a retired Dutch footballer.	Martien Vreijsen	Breda
place of birth	Paula Gorycka (born 5 November 1990 in Kraków) is a Polish cross-country mountain biker.	Paula Gorycka	Kraków
place of birth	Sergio Ariel Páez (born 30 March 1981, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer, who currently playing for Aias Salamina F.C. of Greece.	Sergio Ariel Páez	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Thu Maung died in Yangon on 16 May 2010 at the Thukha Gaba private clinic of liver disease.	Thu Maung	Yangon
place of birth	Victor Jacobus Hermans (born 17 March 1953 in Maastricht) is a Dutch futsal coach who has managed 6 different national teams and guided 3 teams to the world cup, Victor Hermans had only two unsuccessful campaign with national teams for the world cup.	Victor Hermans	Maastricht
place of birth	Philip Thicknesse was born in Staffordshire, England, son of John Thicknesse, the Rector of Farthinghoe, Northamptonshire and Joyce (née Blencowe) Thicknesse and brought up in Farthinghoe.	Philip Thicknesse	Staffordshire
place of birth	Adel Messali (Arabic: عادل مصالي‎; born July 31, 1983 in Sétif) is an Algerian footballer.	Adel Messali	Sétif
place of birth	Anna Mirtova (born July 14, 1992 in Tomsk) is a Russian freestyle skier, specializing in slopestyle.	Anna Mirtova	Tomsk
place of birth	Jonathan Adler (born 1966 in New Jersey, United States) is a potter, designer, and author.	Jonathan Adler	New Jersey
place of birth	António Guterres was born and raised in Portugal's capital, Lisbon, son of Virgílio Dias Guterres (São José, Lisbon, 21 October 1913 -- Lisbon, 10 February 2009) and wife Ilda Cândida de Oliveira (b. Fundão, Donas, 12 February 1923).	António Guterres	Lisbon
place of birth	Francis Campaner (Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivière, 1 February 1946) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.	Francis Campaner	Saint-Germain-de-la-Rivière
place of birth	A native of San Mateo, California, Michael Trucco attended Junipero Serra High School.	Michael Trucco	San Mateo
place of birth	Marjorie Kane (April 28, 1909 -- January 8, 1992) was an American film and stage actress born in Chicago, Illinois.	Marjorie Kane	Chicago
place of birth	Ahmad Ahmadi (Persian: احمد احمدی‎‎; 1885--1944), known as Pezeshk Ahmadi meaning Doctor Ahmadi, was born in Mashhad to Mohammad Ali Ahmadi.	Ahmad Ahmadi	Mashhad
place of birth	Allen Tupper True, born May 30, 1881 in Colorado Springs, Colorado, was the son of Margaret Allen and Henry Alfonso True, both of New England parentage.	Allen Tupper True	Colorado Springs
place of birth	Johannes Theodor Reinhardt (3 December 1816, in Copenhagen -- 23 October 1882, in Frederiksberg) was a Danish zoologist and herpetologist.	Johannes Theodor Reinhardt	Copenhagen
place of birth	Nemanja Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Heмaњa Joвaнoвић, born on 3 March 1984 in Negotin) is a Serbian footballer playing for Spartak Semey in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Nemanja Jovanović	Negotin
place of birth	Kamal Guliyev (Azerbaijani: Kamal Quliyev; born 14 November 1976, Sumqayit) is a retired Azerbaijani international footballer, is a currently manager of Neftchala.	Kamal Guliyev	Sumqayit
place of birth	Ni Zan was born into a wealthy family in Wuxi.	Ni Zan	Wuxi
place of birth	About 1490, Francis Bryan was born in Cheydinhall, Buckinghamshire, England.	Francis Bryan	Buckinghamshire
place of birth	Mohsen Yeganeh (Persian: محسن یگانه‎‎; born May 13, 1985 in Gonbad-e Qabus) is a popular Iranian vocalist, singer and songwriter and musician, composer, and arranger.	Mohsen Yeganeh	Gonbad-e Qabus
place of birth	Jean-Christophe Le Saoût (born 19 July 1975 in Vernon, Eure), better known by the stage name Wax Tailor, is a French trip hop/hip hop producer.	Wax Tailor	Vernon
place of birth	Carlos Roberto de Lima or simply Carlos Roberto (born 28 January 1980 in Londrina) is a former Brazilian football player.	Carlos Roberto de Lima	Londrina
place of birth	Donald Harrison, Jr. (born June 23, 1960) is an American jazz saxophonist from New Orleans, Louisiana.	Donald Harrison	New Orleans
place of birth	Charlton Rafaela (born 23 July 1977 in Willemstad) is an Antillean sprinter, who specializes in the 100 metres.	Charlton Rafaela	Willemstad
place of birth	Florin Cernat started his professional career at Oțelul Galați.	Florin Cernat	Galați
place of birth	Hans von Raumer was born on 10 January 1870 in Dessau as the son of Friedrich von Raumer (1831-1911), a major in the Prussian Army and his wife Marie (née von Studnitz, 1843-1928).	Hans von Raumer	Dessau
place of birth	Rafael Samurgashev (Armenian: Ռաֆաէլ Սամուրգաշև, born July 28, 1963 in Rostov-on-Don, Russian SFSR) is an Armenian retired former World champion and European champion Greco-Roman wrestler.	Rafael Samurgashev	Rostov-on-Don
place of birth	George Thorn (junior) was born in Sydney, New South Wales, a son of George Thorn (senior) and his wife Jane (née Handcock).	George Thorn	Sydney
place of birth	Tom Harrell was born in Urbana, Illinois, but moved to the San Francisco Bay Area at the age of five.	Tom Harrell	Urbana
place of birth	Erin O'Donnell (born Erin McDonald, March 11, 1971 in Severn, Maryland) is an American Contemporary Christian music singer.	Erin O'Donnell	Severn
place of birth	Franz Overbeck was born in Saint Petersburg as a German citizen to Franz Heinrich Herrmann Overbeck, a German-British merchant, and his wife, Jeanne Camille Cerclet, who was born in Saint Petersburg to a French family.	Franz Overbeck	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Apollos' origin in Alexandria has led to speculations that he would have preached in the allegorical style of Philo.	Apollos	Alexandria
place of birth	Muhammad Shukor Adan (born 24 September 1979 in Malacca) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently playing for Felda United F.C. and also serves as their captain.	Shukor Adan	Malacca
place of birth	Jeff Broadstreet (born November 7, 1960, in Greencastle, Indiana) is an American film director.	Jeff Broadstreet	Greencastle
place of birth	Alyy Khan (or Aly Khan, Urdu: علی خان‎) (born December 6, 1968, Karachi) is a Pakistani-British actor and host who has worked in Hollywood, Bollywood and Lollywood.	Alyy Khan	Karachi
place of birth	Zsolt Gyulay (born September 12, 1964 in Vác) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.	Zsolt Gyulay	Vác
place of birth	Tim DuBois (born May 4, 1948, in Southwest City, Missouri) is a Nashville, Tennessee-based music executive.	Tim DuBois	Southwest City
place of birth	Gabriel Rosati (born August 4, 1966 in Modena, Italy) is an Italian-born musician.	Gabriel Rosati	Modena
place of birth	Adolph Lewisohn (May 27, 1849 -- August 17, 1938) was a German Jewish immigrant born in Hamburg who became a New York City investment banker, mining magnate, and philanthropist.	Adolph Lewisohn	Hamburg
place of birth	Gualdim Pais was born in Amares (a town in the province of Minho, near Braga) in 1118, son of Paio Ramires and Gontrode Soares.	Gualdim Pais	Amares
place of birth	Liu Kai-chi (Chinese: 廖啟智) is a Hong Kong actor, best known for his ``everyman'' supporting roles.	Liu Kai-chi	Hong Kong
place of birth	Ahad Hosseini (Azerbaijani: Əhəd Hüseyni/احد حوسئيني; Persian احد حسيني; born 14 August 1944 in Tabriz) is an Iranian Azerbaijani sculptor and painter.	Ahad Hosseini	Tabriz
place of birth	Riad Al Solh also written Riad el Solh and Riad Solh was born in Sidon in 1894.	Riad Al Solh	Sidon
place of birth	Daan Blij (born 25 September 1993, in Rotterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Excelsior Maassluis in the Dutch Topklasse.	Daan Blij	Rotterdam
place of birth	Baron Friedrich August Marschall von Bieberstein (30 July 1768, Stuttgart - 28 June 1826, Merefa) was an early explorer of the flora and archaeology of the southern portion of Imperial Russia, including the Caucasus and Novorossiya.	Friedrich August Marschall von Bieberstein	Stuttgart
place of birth	Caroline Paul (born July 29, 1963 in New York City) is an American writer of fiction and non-fiction.	Caroline Paul	New York City
place of birth	Henny Vrienten (born July 27, 1948 in Hilvarenbeek) is a Dutch composer of TV- and film-scores.	Henny Vrienten	Hilvarenbeek
place of birth	Mohammad Firouzi (Born 1958 Tehran) is a prolific Iranian musician, whose primary instrument is the barbat.	Mohammad Firouzi	Tehran
place of birth	Audra Mae is an American singer and songwriter from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, born on February 20, 1984.	Audra Mae	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Marko Kristian ``Markoolio'' Lehtosalo (born 1 January 1975 in Lahti, Finland) is a Swedish-Finnish multi-platinum selling recording artist, singer, musician, songwriter, actor, and comedian.	Markoolio	Lahti
place of birth	Born in Wangaratta, Victoria, Clare Stevenson was the fifth of six children.	Clare Stevenson	Wangaratta
place of birth	Philip Astley was born in Newcastle-under-Lyme in England the son of a cabinetmaker.	Philip Astley	Newcastle-under-Lyme
place of birth	Thomas Penn was born in Bristol, England after his father returned there in 1701 because of financial difficulties.	Thomas Penn	Bristol
place of birth	Walter Seebach was born on 5 November 1918, in Heerlen Netherlands, but both his parents were German.	Walter Seebach	Heerlen
place of birth	Giovanni Inzerillo (born in Brooklyn, New York, April 30, 1972), is a construction entrepreneur and son of Salvatore Inzerillo, a notorious Sicilian Mafia boss who was killed in May 1981 on the orders of Mafia boss Salvatore ``Totò'' Riina during the Second Mafia War.	Giovanni Inzerillo	Brooklyn
place of birth	Barry Close was born at Elm Park in Armagh, the third son of Maxwell Close and his wife Mary.	Barry Close	Armagh
place of birth	Born in Belém, Pará, Wellington Saci started his career at Ananindeua, signed a 1-year contract.	Wellington Saci	Belém
place of birth	Sanna-June Hyde born Colchester, England, is a Finnish-English actress at Helsingin kaupungin teatteri, Helsinki City Theatre.	Sanna-June Hyde	Colchester
place of birth	Luke Webb (born 12 September 1986 in Nottingham) is an English footballer who most recently played for Hereford United as a midfielder.	Luke Webb	Nottingham
place of birth	Carmen Consoli (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkarmen ˈkɔnsoli); born September 4, 1974 in Catania) is an Italian singer-songwriter.	Carmen Consoli	Catania
place of birth	Martin Hellberg was born in 1905 in Dresden as a son of a pastor.	Martin Hellberg	Dresden
place of birth	Marianne Pitzen (born 29 May 1948), GER, is a German artist born in Stuttgart.	Marianne Pitzen	Stuttgart
place of birth	Hamilton Lee (born 7 September 1958 in London), also known by variations on Hamid Mantu, is an English musician and composer.	Hamilton Lee	London
place of birth	Robertas Fridrikas (born 8 April 1967 in Kaunas) is a retired Lithuanian football forward, who last played for WAF Procar in Austria during his professional career.	Robertas Fridrikas	Kaunas
place of birth	Wong Yiu Fu (Chinese: 黃耀富; Jyutping: wong4 jiu6 fu3, born 6 August 1981 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong football player who last played for Rangers (HKG), normally as a Left-back.	Wong Yiu Fu	Hong Kong
place of birth	Born on 12 June 1884 at Ingatestone, Essex, Petre (pronounced ``Peter'') was the son of Sebastian Henry Petre and his wife Catharine.	Henry Petre	Ingatestone
place of birth	Nicolas Savinaud (born November 20, 1975 in Fontenay-le-Comte, Vendée) is a retired French footballer who spent most of his career at FC Nantes.	Nicolas Savinaud	Fontenay-le-Comte
place of birth	Philippe Samyn (born 1 September 1948 in Ghent) is a Belgian architect and civil engineer whose style is characterized by extensive use of glass, wood and steel to build structures that are often monumental.	Philippe Samyn	Ghent
place of birth	Robert Clive was born at Styche, the Clive family estate, near Market Drayton in Shropshire, on 29 September 1725 to Richard Clive and Rebecca Gaskell Clive.	Robert Clive	Shropshire
place of birth	Giovanni Francesco Bembo was an Italian Renaissance painter from Cremona, mainly active from 1515-1543.	Giovanni Francesco Bembo	Cremona
place of birth	Thomas Dausgaard (Danish: (tˢʌmas ˈd̥ɑʊ̯ˀsɡ̊ɒːˀ); born 4 July 1963 in Copenhagen) is a Danish conductor.	Thomas Dausgaard	Copenhagen
place of birth	Tamar Getter (Hebrew: תמר גטר‎, born in Tel Aviv, 1953) is one of the prominent artists of the Israeli avant-garde and fine arts teachers.	Tamar Getter	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Augusto Bissiri (1879--1968) was an Italian inventor born in Seui, Sardinia in 1879.	Augusto Bissiri	Seui
place of birth	Walter Bingley (born 17 April 1930) is an English former footballer born in Sheffield who played in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers, Sheffield Wednesday, Swindon Town, York City and Halifax Town.	Walter Bingley	Sheffield
place of birth	Leanita McClain (1951--1984) was an American journalist and commentator, best known for her observations of race and politics in Chicago and the U.S. in the early 1980s.	Leanita McClain	Chicago
place of birth	Sophie Jodoin (born, 1965) is a Montreal-based visual artist.She received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1988 in Visual Arts from Concordia University in Montreal.	Sophie Jodoin	Montreal
place of birth	Tomáš Petráček (born 1972 in Hořice v Podkrkonoší) is a Czech public intellectual, Roman Catholic priest, and scholar.	Tomáš Petráček	Hořice
place of birth	Václav Nedomanský (born March 14, 1944 in Hodonín, Bohemia and Moravia, Nazi Germany (now Czech Republic) is a former hockey forward. Nedomanský is best known as the first hockey player to defect to North America to play.	Václav Nedomanský	Hodonín
place of birth	In 1828, Sequoyah journeyed to Washington, D.C., as part of a delegation to negotiate a treaty for land in the planned Indian Territory.	Sequoyah	Indian Territory
place of birth	Paula Fernandes de Souza (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈpawlɐ feʁˈnɐ̃dʒis); born August 28, 1984 in Sete Lagoas, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter and arranger.	Paula Fernandes	Sete Lagoas
place of birth	Viviane Araújo dos Santos (March 25, 1975 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian photographic model, actress and reality television personality.	Viviane Araújo	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Mandell Creighton was born on 5 July 1843 in the border country city of Carlisle, Cumberland (now in Cumbria) to Sarah (née Mandell) and Robert Creighton.	Mandell Creighton	Carlisle
place of birth	Nancy Hower (born May 11, 1966 in Wyckoff, New Jersey) is an American actress, director, screenwriter and producer.	Nancy Hower	Wyckoff
place of birth	Selma Elloumi Rekik, born June 5, 1956 in Tunis.	Selma Elloumi Rekik	Tunis
place of birth	Mitch Cooper (born 18 September 1994 in Vanuatu) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Newcastle Jets in the A-League.	Mitch Cooper	Vanuatu
place of birth	Tonya M. Lumpkin (born Tonya M. Johnston; July 17, 1973) is an American rapper from Kansas City, Missouri, better known by her stage name, Solé.	Solé	Kansas City
place of birth	Antonio Florio (born 1956, Bari) is an Italian conductor, musicologist and composer.	Antonio Florio	Bari
place of birth	Victor Huen (2 March 1874, Colmar - 15 December 1939) was a painter, lithographer and illustrator, specializing in military subjects and uniform illustrations.	Victor Huen	Colmar
place of birth	Artimus Lamont Bentley was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and moved to Los Angeles with his mother, Loyce, who wished to pursue a career as a professional singer.	Lamont Bentley	Milwaukee
place of birth	Jona Lewie (born John Lewis, 14 March 1947 in Southampton, England) is an English singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his 1980 UK hits ``You'll Always Find Me in the Kitchen at Parties'' and ``Stop the Cavalry''.	Jona Lewie	Southampton
place of birth	Philip Absolon was born in Erith, Kent, and is the great-great-grandson of the Victorian watercolourist John Absolon (1815--1895).	Philip Absolon	Erith
place of birth	Dennis Alexio was born and raised in Vacaville, California and was a standout athlete in his youth, excelling in American football, baseball and basketball.	Dennis Alexio	Vacaville
place of birth	Thomas Pletzinger (born 1975 in Münster) is a German writer and translator.	Thomas Pletzinger	Münster
place of birth	Krzysztof Ratajczyk (born 9 November 1973 in Poznań) is a Polish football defender who currently plays at Austrian lower league side FAC Team für Wien.	Krzysztof Ratajczyk	Poznań
place of birth	Adriana Dadci (born April 9, 1979 in Gdynia) is a Polish judoka, who competed in the women's middleweight category.	Adriana Dadci	Gdynia
place of birth	Sandrine Aubert (born October 6, 1982 in Échirolles, Isère) is a retired French alpine skier and a slalom specialist.	Sandrine Aubert	Échirolles
place of birth	Lajos Bebrits was born December 14, 1891 in Teregova village in western Romania, then part of the Austria-Hungary.	Lajos Bebrits	Teregova
place of birth	Zdeněk Lenhart (born 1948 ib Brno) is an orienteering competitor who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Zdeněk Lenhart	Brno
place of birth	Sfia Bouarfa (Arabic: صفية بوعرفة‎) (born 14 October 1950 in Jerada, Morocco) is a Belgian politician and a member of the PS. Since 1995 she is a Member of the Parliament of the Brussels-Capital Region and a Member of the Parliament of the French Community.	Sfia Bouarfa	Jerada
place of birth	Katarzyna Adamik, also known as Kasia Adamik (born on 28 December 1972 in Warsaw) is a Polish film director, visual arts artist and storyboard artist.	Katarzyna Adamik	Warsaw
place of birth	Ademar de Rocaficha (circa 1200 ?) was a troubadour, probably from Roquefixade in the County of Foix.	Ademar de Rocaficha	Roquefixade
place of birth	André Candançam Pinto (born 14 December 1978 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker.	André Candançam Pinto	São Paulo
place of birth	Charlie Paynter (28 July 1879 in Swindon -- 1 December 1971) was the manager of West Ham United from 1932-1950.	Charlie Paynter	Swindon
place of birth	Bjørn Tidmand (born 24 January 1940, Copenhagen) is a Danish singer, best known for his participation in the 1964 Eurovision Song Contest.	Bjørn Tidmand	Copenhagen
place of birth	Curtis Donnell Davis (August 7, 1968 -- June 15, 2002), better known by his stage name Big Mello, was an American rapper from Houston, Texas.	Big Mello	Houston
place of birth	Wharton Barker (May 1, 1846 -- April 9, 1921) was an American financier and publicist, born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Wharton Barker	Philadelphia
place of birth	Samvel Melkonyan (Armenian: Սամվել Մելքոնյան, born on 15 March 1984 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football player, who currently is playing for Armenian Premier League side Mika.	Samvel Melkonyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Jacob Hespeler (1810 in Ehningen, Württemberg -- March 22, 1881 in Hespeler, Ontario, Canada) was a prominent businessman in Canada West and the founder of the town of Hespeler (since 1973 a part of Cambridge, Ontario).	Jacob Hespeler	Ehningen
place of birth	Narada Michael Walden (/ˈnɑːrᵊdə/ NAH-rə-də; born Michael Walden, April 23, 1952, Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States) is an American producer, drummer, singer, and songwriter.	Narada Michael Walden	Kalamazoo
place of birth	Due to family problems, Alvin and Calvin Harrison lived on their own since their junior year in high school, floating back and forth between Orlando, Florida, and Salinas, California.	Calvin Harrison	Orlando
place of birth	Jevgeni Novikov (Russian: Евгений Александрович Новиков; born 28 June 1980 in Narva) is an Estonian professional and International footballer.	Jevgeni Novikov	Narva
place of birth	Jürgen Graf (born August 15, 1951 in Basel) is a Swiss author, former teacher and Holocaust denier.	Jürgen Graf	Basel
place of birth	From 1998 to 2004, Sebastian Gemkow studied legal science at the University of Leipzig, the University of Hamburg und the Humboldt University of Berlin.	Sebastian Gemkow	Leipzig
place of birth	Francis Guthrie (b. 22 January 1831 in London; d. 19 October 1899 in Claremont, Cape Town) was a South African mathematician and botanist who first posed the Four Colour Problem in 1852.	Francis Guthrie	London
place of birth	Wolfgang Linger (born 4 November 1982 in Hall in Tirol) is an Austrian retired luger who has competed internationally since 2000.	Wolfgang Linger	Hall in Tirol
place of birth	Vincent Glinsky was born in Russia on December 18, 1895 and emigrated to America just before World War I, settling in Syracuse, NY, with his family.	Vincent Glinsky	Russia
place of birth	Tony Daniels (born January 23, 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian voice actor well known for providing the voices of Uncle Floppyin JoJo's Circus and Wiseman in the Sailor Moon metaseries, but probably most well known for providing the voice of Gambit in X-Men:	Tony Daniels	Toronto
place of birth	Perdigon or Perdigo (fl. 1190--1220) was a troubadour from Lespéron in the Gabales, diocese of Gévaudan, modern Lozère.	Perdigon	Lespéron
place of birth	Linda Bank (born January 24, 1986 in Haarlem) is a Dutch Olympic swimmer.	Linda Bank	Haarlem
place of birth	Marcel Loncle (born 5 January 1936 in Saint-Malo) is a retired French football player who played for Angers SCO and Rennes, as well as the French national side.	Marcel Loncle	Saint-Malo
place of birth	Peter Alexander Makkay (born 30 August 1949 in Brașov), better known as Peter Maffay, is a German musician.	Peter Maffay	Brașov
place of birth	John Garland Pollard was born on August 4, 1871 in King and Queen County, Virginia.	John Garland Pollard	King and Queen County
place of birth	The son of an unsuccessful businessman and farmer, Jean Jaurès was born in Castres (Tarn), in a modest French provincial bourgeois family.	Jean Jaurès	Castres
place of birth	Cayetano Ré Ramírez (7 February 1938 -- 26 November 2013) was a Paraguayan footballer striker and coach who was born in Asunción.	Cayetano Ré	Asunción
place of birth	Reed Scowen (born June 13, 1931 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Canadian business executive, author and politician born and living in the province of Quebec.	Reed Scowen	Sherbrooke
place of birth	George Chaharbakhshi (Syriac: ܓܘܪܓ ܟܗܪܒܟܫܝ, Persian: جرج چهاربخشی‎‎, born 1952 in Tehran) is an Assyrian Iranian singer active in the United States.	George Chaharbakhshi	Tehran
place of birth	Gregory Mahau (born 9 May 1994) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Coxyde in the Belgian Second Division, on loan from K.V. Kortrijk.	Gregory Mahau	Kortrijk
place of birth	Sal Solo (born Christopher Scott Stevens, 5 September 1961, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, England) is an English singer.	Sal Solo	Hatfield
place of birth	Born in Chicago, Illinois, Chip E. attended St. Ignatius College Prep, Kenwood Academy, Columbia College and DePaul University.	Chip E.	Chicago
place of birth	Pierre André Pourret was a clergyman, but started his botanical career earlier, working in the regions around his hometown, Narbonne.	Pierre André Pourret	Narbonne
place of birth	Capt. Christopher Levett (1586 -- 1630) was an English writer, explorer and naval captain, born at York, England.	Christopher Levett	York
place of birth	Gerda Stevenson (born 10 April 1956 in Peeblesshire, Scotland) is an award-winning Scottish actress, director and writer, described by The Scotsman in 1999 as ``Scotland's finest actress''.	Gerda Stevenson	Peeblesshire
place of birth	Martin Brauß (born 1958 in Mannheim) is a German pianist, conductor and music theorist and university professor at the Hochschule für Musik, Theater und Medien Hannover.	Martin Brauß	Mannheim
place of birth	Edward Tuckerman (Boston, Massachusetts, December 7, 1817 - March 15, 1886) was an American botanist and professor who made significant contributions to the study of lichens and other alpine plants.	Edward Tuckerman	Boston
place of birth	Hussain Salman Makki (Arabic: حسين سلمان مكي‎; born 20 December 1982) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al-Riffa of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team.	Hussain Salman	Bahrain
place of birth	Şefik Aker (1877; Kesriye (Kastoria) -- 6 February 1964; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	Şefik Aker	Kastoria
place of birth	Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh was born in Dún Síon just outside Dingle, County Kerry in 1929.	Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh	Dingle
place of birth	Joe Hamill (born 25 February 1984 in Bellshill) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Scottish Junior club Bonnyrigg Rose.	Joe Hamill	Bellshill
place of birth	Vladimir Romanovsky (June 21, 1957 in Slonim, Belarusian SSR -- May 13, 2013) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Vladimir Romanovsky	Slonim
place of birth	Panagiotis Deligiannidis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Δεληγιαννίδης, born 29 August 1996 in Thessaloniki) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as a winger.	Panagiotis Deligiannidis	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Jean Le Cam (Quimper, Finistère, 27 April 1959) is a French sailor.	Jean Le Cam	Quimper
place of birth	Giovanni Fidanza (Bergamo he grow up in the bourgh of Valverde, 27 September 1965) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Giovanni Fidanza	Bergamo
place of birth	Kemal Türkler (1926 Denizli -- 22 July 1980 İstanbul) was a Turkish socialist trade union leader.	Kemal Türkler	Denizli
place of birth	Randy Cain (May 2, 1945 -- April 9, 2009) was a Philadelphia soul singer with The Delfonics (early 1960s to 1971).	Randy Cain	Philadelphia
place of birth	Saşa Yunisoğlu or Sasha Yunisoglu (born on 18 December 1985 in Mykolaiv, now Ukraine) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays for Ravan Baku.	Saşa Yunisoğlu	Mykolaiv
place of birth	Delaney Williams (born December 12, 1962) is an American actor from Washington, D.C. He appeared on the HBO drama The Wire (2002-2008) as a recurring guest star playing homicide sergeant Jay Landsman.	Delaney Williams	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Paul Auster was born in Newark, New Jersey, to Jewish middle class parents of Polish descent, Queenie (née Bogat) and Samuel Auster.	Paul Auster	Newark
place of birth	Ksenija Balta (born November 1, 1986 in Minsk, Belarus) is an Estonian long jumper, sprinter and heptathlete.	Ksenija Balta	Minsk
place of birth	Fabio Felline (born 29 March 1990 in Turin) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Trek Factory Racing.	Fabio Felline	Turin
place of birth	Valerie Van Ost (born 25 July 1944, Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, England) is an English actress.	Valerie Van Ost	Berkhamsted
place of birth	Lenka Vlasáková (born 27 April 1972 in Prague) is a Czech actress.	Lenka Vlasáková	Prague
place of birth	James Marwick (b. 1862 in Edinburgh, Scotland) was an original founder of an accounting office that became one of the Big Four auditors, KPMG.	James Marwick	Edinburgh
place of birth	Francisco Díaz-Silveira Tamargo (Havana, 13 August 1936), known as Frank Diaz-Silveira, is a Cuban-American lawyer and politician, known as an anti-Castro Cuban militant.	Frank Diaz-Silveira	Havana
place of birth	Ted Jelly (born 28 August 1921) was a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City and Plymouth Argyle.	Ted Jelly	Leicester
place of birth	Edgardo Bauza (Spanish pronunciation: (eðˈɣarðo ˈβausa); born January 26, 1958 in Granadero Baigorria, Rosario, Santa Fe) is an Argentine former footballer.	Edgardo Bauza	Granadero Baigorria
place of birth	On September 18 in 1861, a woman by the name of Ella Cora Hind was born in Toronto.	Ella Cora Hind	Toronto
place of birth	Jayde Adams (born Jayde Pricilla Gail Adams, 26 November 1984) is a British comedian from Bristol.	Jayde Adams	Bristol
place of birth	Kevin O'Higgins was born in Stradbally, County Laois, one of sixteen children of Dr. Thomas Higgins and Anne Sullivan, daughter of the Nationalist politician Timothy Daniel Sullivan.	Kevin O'Higgins	County Laois
place of birth	Carol Brewster, born Miriam Elizabeth Hechler on February 25, 1927 in Los Angeles, California, is a former American actress.	Carol Brewster	Los Angeles
place of birth	Run Run Shaw was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang, Qing China, and moved to Shanghai as a child.	Run Run Shaw	Shanghai
place of birth	Pegeen Vail Guggenheim was born in Ouchy, Switzerland and spent her childhood in France and England.	Pegeen Vail Guggenheim	Ouchy
place of birth	Domenico Girardi (born 2 May 1985 in Terzigno) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for the Serie D team Matera.	Domenico Girardi	Terzigno
place of birth	Francisco Adam (August 13, 1983; Lisbon -- April 16, 2006; Alcochete) was a Portuguese actor, best known for his humorous role as Dino, short for Bernardino Esteves, in the Portuguese youth telenovela Morangos com Açúcar.	Francisco Adam	Lisbon
place of birth	He was born Carson Wayne Newton in Norfolk, Virginia, to Patrick Newton, an auto mechanic, and his wife, Evelyn Marie Plasters.	Wayne Newton	Norfolk
place of birth	Nicholas Jonathan Anselm Williams (born October 1942, in Walthamstow, Essex, now London, UK), writing as Nicholas Williams or sometimes N.J.A. Williams, is a leading expert on the Cornish language.	Nicholas Williams	Walthamstow
place of birth	Bruno Fressato Cardoso (born 26 September 1984 in Curitiba), simply known as Bruno, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Corinthians Paranaense.	Bruno Fressato Cardoso	Curitiba
place of birth	The Irving family settled in Manhattan, New York City, and was part of the city's small, vibrant merchant class when Washington Irving was born on April 3, 1783, the same week city residents learned of the British ceasefire that ended the American Revolution;	Washington Irving	New York City
place of birth	Born in Bankura, Bengal, India, Godfrey Brown was a highly talented runner at distances from 100 yd (91 m) to the half mile.	Godfrey Brown	Bengal
place of birth	Yeung Sum, SBS, JP (simplified Chinese: 杨森; traditional Chinese: 楊森; pinyin: Yáng Sēn; Jyutping: Yeung4 Sum1; born 22 November 1947 in Guangzhou, Guangdong with family roots in Zengcheng, Guangdong) is a Hong Kong politician and academic.	Yeung Sum	Guangzhou
place of birth	Eileen Fulton (born Margaret Elizabeth McLarty on September 13, 1933 in Asheville, North Carolina) is an American actress.	Eileen Fulton	Asheville
place of birth	Jack de Gier (born August 6, 1968 in Schijndel, Noord-Brabant) is a Dutch football manager and former player, currently manager of Almere City.	Jack de Gier	Schijndel
place of birth	Kerri Hoskins Branson (born February 20, 1970 in Cambridge, Minnesota) is a former glamour model and video game actress.	Kerri Hoskins	Cambridge
place of birth	Sebastián Lelio (Mendoza, Argentina, March 8, 1974) is a Chilean film director, screenwriter, film producer and editor.	Sebastián Lelio	Mendoza
place of birth	Johannes Flintrop was born in Barmen (Wuppertal) to devout working class parents.	Johannes Flintrop	Barmen
place of birth	Antoine de Sartine was born in Barcelona in 1729, the son of Antoine Sartine, a French-born financier who arrived in Spain with the troops of King Philip V of Spain and served as intendente (i.e. governor) of Catalonia from 1726 to 1744.	Antoine de Sartine	Barcelona
place of birth	Nicola de Marco (born August 28, 1990 in Pordenone) is an Italian racing driver.	Nicola de Marco	Pordenone
place of birth	Arturo Sacchetti (Santhià, near Vercelli, January 9, 1941) Italian organist, conductor and musicologist.	Arturo Sacchetti	Santhià
place of birth	LeBreton Dorgenois was the eighth mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, serving for less than a month at the end of 1812.	LeBreton Dorgenois	New Orleans
place of birth	Paul Bellini (born September 12, 1959 in Timmins, Ontario) is a Canadian comedy writer and television actor.	Paul Bellini	Timmins
place of birth	Nils Frahm (born 20 September 1982) is a German musician, composer, and producer based in Berlin.	Nils Frahm	Berlin
place of birth	Livio Nabab (born 14 June 1988 in Les Abymes, Guadeloupe) is a Guadeloupe professional football player who plays for Waasland-Beveren in the Belgian Pro League.	Livio Nabab	Les Abymes
place of birth	Gary Gygax was born in Chicago within a few blocks of Wrigley Field on July 27, 1938.	Gary Gygax	Chicago
place of birth	Mai Aih Naing (born 18 October 1990 in Taungoo, Burma) is Burmese footballer.	Mai Aih Naing	Taungoo
place of birth	Maruxa Vilalta was born in Barcelona in 1932, daughter of lawyer Antonio Vilalta y Vidal, and María Soteras Maurí.	Maruxa Vilalta	Barcelona
place of birth	Stelarc (born Stelios Arcadiou in Limassol in 1946, but legally changed his name in 1972) is a Cyprus-born performance artist raised in the Melbourne suburb of Sunshine, whose works focuses heavily on extending the capabilities of the human body.	Stelarc	Melbourne
place of birth	Johan August Gripenstedt was born in the Duchy of Holstein, then part of the German Confederation, where his parents lived at the time.	Johan August Gripenstedt	Holstein
place of birth	Saint John of Tobolsk (1651--1715) was born as Iwan Maksymowicz in Nizhyn, in the Czernihow Voivodeship of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	John of Tobolsk	Nizhyn
place of birth	Christos Charalabous (Greek: Χρίστος Χαραλάμπους; born October 3, 1981 in Limassol) is a Cypriot football player who plays for Aris Limassol.	Christos Charalabous	Limassol
place of birth	Kimberly Ann Moore (née Pace; born 1968 in Halethorpe, Maryland) is an American federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit who was confirmed on September 5, 2006.	Kimberly Ann Moore	Halethorpe, Maryland
place of birth	Nedeljko Milosavljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Недељко Милосављевић) (born December 12, 1960 in Aranđelovac) is a retired Serbian footballer.	Nedeljko Milosavljević	Aranđelovac
place of birth	Edward Blackadder (April 18, 1874 in Wolfville, Nova Scotia -- October 22, 1922) was a Nova Scotia-born politician, lecturer, physician and professor.	Edward Blackadder	Wolfville
place of birth	Xu Binshu (simplified Chinese: 许斌姝; traditional Chinese: 許斌姝; pinyin: Xǔ Bīnshū; born July 28, 1988 in Changchun, Jilin) is a Chinese figure skater.	Xu Binshu	Changchun
place of birth	Bernhard Letterhaus (10 July 1894, Barmen -- 14 November 1944) was a German Catholic Trade Unionist and member of the resistance to Nazism.	Bernhard Letterhaus	Barmen
place of birth	Andriy Klyuyev graduated from the Mining College of the Donetsk Politech Institute as a mining automation and mechanization engineer.	Andriy Klyuyev	Donetsk
place of birth	Frank Fahrenhorst (born 24 September 1977 in Kamen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a retired German footballer and currently manager of FC Schalke 04 U17 team.	Frank Fahrenhorst	Kamen
place of birth	Valerio Scanu (born 10 April 1990, La Maddalena, Sardinia) is an Italian pop rock singer.	Valerio Scanu	La Maddalena
place of birth	Zang Cailing (Chinese: 臧蔡灵; born May 18, 1954 in Dalian) is a Chinese coach and former international football player who played for China in the 1980 Asian Cup.	Zang Cailing	Dalian
place of birth	Mauro Facci (born 11 May 1982 in Vicenza) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer, who competed between 2002 and 2010.	Mauro Facci	Vicenza
place of birth	Gurwinder Singh (born 16 April 1986 in Jalandhar, Punjab) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for East Bengal as a central defender in the I-League.	Gurwinder Singh	Jalandhar
place of birth	Barbara Honigmann is the daughter of German-Jewish emigrants, who returned to East Berlin in 1947 after a period of exile in Great Britain.	Barbara Honigmann	East Berlin
place of birth	Rabih Abou-Khalil grew up in Beirut and moved to Munich, Germany during the civil war in 1978.	Rabih Abou-Khalil	Beirut
place of birth	Muhammad ibn Abd al-Karim al-Maghili, commonly known as Muhammad al-Maghili (died ca. 1505) was an Islamic scholar from Tlemcen, the capital of the Kingdom of Tlemcen, now in modern-day Algeria.	Muhammad al-Maghili	Tlemcen
place of birth	Fabien Patanchon (born June 14, 1983 in Bordeaux) is a French professional road bicycle racer who is currently unattached	Fabien Patanchon	Bordeaux
place of birth	Janina Klimkiewicz, real name Klimkowska (born 15 February 1891 in Warsaw - 30 December 1959 in Jastrzębia Góra) was a Polish actress.	Janina Klimkiewicz	Warsaw
place of birth	David E. Aldrich (born February 8, 1963 in New York), is an American producer, director, cinematographer, editor, and information technology professional.	David E. Aldrich	New York
place of birth	Radžis Aleksandrovičius, also known by his stage name Radži (born February 14, 1987, in Panevėžys, then-Lithuanian SSR, USSR) is a Lithuanian pop singer of Roma descent, once the laureate of a Lithuanian children songs competition ``Dainų dainelė''.	Radži	Panevėžys
place of birth	Larry Gelwix (born July 25, 1950 in Oakland, California) has been the coach of the Highland Rugby team since its founding in Salt Lake City in 1976.	Larry Gelwix	Oakland
place of birth	Marc Bijl (Leerdam, 7 July 1970) is a Dutch artist who lives and works in Berlin.	Marc Bijl	Leerdam
place of birth	Miroslav Popov (born 14 June 1995 in Dvůr Králové nad Labem) is a Czech motorcycle racer.	Miroslav Popov	Dvůr Králové nad Labem
place of birth	Chris England (born 20 January 1961, Oldham) is an English writer and actor.	Chris England	Oldham
place of birth	Oleg Serebrian (born July 13, 1969, Hădărăuţi) is a Moldovan politician, writer, diplomat and political scientist (geopolitician), President of the Latin Union between 2010 and 2013.	Oleg Serebrian	Hădărăuţi
place of birth	Alexandre-Dominique Denuelle, a French decorative painter and architect, was born in Paris in 1818.	Alexandre-Dominique Denuelle	Paris
place of birth	Wilson Reis (born January 6, 1985 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Flyweight division.	Wilson Reis	São Paulo
place of birth	Grant George (Born May 17, 1971 in Watsonville, California) is an American voice actor.	Grant George	Watsonville
place of birth	Muñiz (birth name: José Antonio Muñiz Vazquez), was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico.	José Antonio Muñiz	Ponce
place of birth	Junior Félix Madrigal Ortíz (born 2 June 1982 in Morelia) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as Goalkeeper for La Piedad.	Junior Félix Madrigal	Morelia
place of birth	Floraleda Sacchi (June 14, 1978) is an Italian harpist, composer and musicologist born in Como.	Floraleda Sacchi	Como
place of birth	Manfred Krüger (born 11 August 1952 in Krummhörn) is a former professional German footballer.	Manfred Krüger	Krummhörn
place of birth	Lucile Blanch was born in 1895 in Hawley, Minnesota to the painter and lithographer Lucille Linguist.	Lucile Blanch	Hawley
place of birth	Osvaldo Bagnoli (born 3 July 1935 in Milan) is a former Italian football coach.	Osvaldo Bagnoli	Milan
place of birth	George Lucas Hartsuff (May 28, 1830 -- May 16, 1874) was an American soldier, born at Tyre, New York.	George Lucas Hartsuff	Tyre, New York
place of birth	Karl Kautsky, born in Prague of a middle class artistic family, to Johann Kautsky (a scenic designer) and his wife Minna (an actress and writer), moved with his family to Vienna at the age of seven.	Karl Kautsky	Prague
place of birth	Wolf Harden was born in Hamburg, and started learning music with his father, a musicologist, and his mother, a pianist.	Wolf Harden	Hamburg
place of birth	Helen Grace (born 20 August 1971, in Hertfordshire) is an English actress perhaps best known for her controversial role as the incestuous Georgia Simpson on the Channel 4 soap Brookside.	Helen Grace	Hertfordshire
place of birth	Hiram I (Hebrew: חִירָם, ``high-born''; Standard Hebrew Ḥiram, Tiberian vocalization Ḥîrām, Modern Arabic: حيرام), according to the Hebrew Bible, was the Phoenician king of Tyre.	Hiram I	Tyre
place of birth	Semir Sadović (Serbian Cyrillic: Семир Садовић;born 14 March 1991 in Novi Pazar) is a Serbian football player.	Semir Sadović	Novi Pazar
place of birth	Francisco Pizzini (born 19 September 1993 in Bahía Blanca) is an Argentine football Winger who plays for Olimpo on loan from Independiente.	Francisco Pizzini	Bahía Blanca
place of birth	Eugène Boch (1 September 1855 -- 3 January 1941) was a Belgian painter, born in Saint-Vaast, La Louvière, Hainaut, and the younger brother of Anna Boch, a founding member of Les XX.	Eugène Boch	La Louvière
place of birth	He was a son of William Stokes (1804--1878), and a grandson of Whitley Stokes (1763--1845), each of whom was Regius Professor of Physic at the University of Dublin.	Whitley Stokes	Dublin
place of birth	Monika Schnarre (born May 27, 1971 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian model, actress, and television host.	Monika Schnarre	Scarborough
place of birth	Jiří Vojtík (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈvojciːk); born July 2, 1981 in Prague) is a Czech sprinter.	Jiří Vojtík	Prague
place of birth	Yvan Muller (born 16 August 1969 in Altkirch, Haut-Rhin) is a French auto racing driver most noted for success in touring car racing.	Yvan Muller	Altkirch
place of birth	Rockwell Kent was born in Tarrytown, New York, the same year as fellow American artists George Bellows and Edward Hopper.	Rockwell Kent	Tarrytown
place of birth	Hassan Zia-Zarifi was born in Lahijan, in the northern province of Gilan, on April 10, 1939, the second youngest of eight children of Hajji Issa Zia-Zarifi, a merchant, and Rokhsareh Monajjemi.	Hassan Zia-Zarifi	Lahijan
place of birth	Jake LeDoux (born 2 May 1985 in Port Perry, Ontario) is a Canadian Actor.	Jake LeDoux	Port Perry
place of birth	Bridget Kelly (born April 8, 1986), is an American singer and songwriter from New York City, New York.	Bridget Kelly	New York City
place of birth	Romain Achilli (born 15 February 1993) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for SC Bastia in Ligue 1.	Romain Achilli	Bastia
place of birth	Veronica Carlson (born 18 September 1944 in Yorkshire, England) is an English model and actress, famous for her roles in Hammer horror films.	Veronica Carlson	Yorkshire
place of birth	The Rev. Richard Thomas Nolan (born May 30, 1937, Waltham, MA; dual citizenship in the Republic of Ireland, 2011) is a canon of Christ Church Episcopal Cathedral in Hartford, Connecticut and a former college professor of philosophy and religious studies.	Richard Thomas Nolan	Waltham
place of birth	Tajul Muluk's father Makmun was a Kyai (an expert in Islam) living in Sampang Regency.	Tajul Muluk	Sampang
place of birth	Antonis Makris (born July 1, 1981) is a Cypriot football forward who last played for Ermis Aradippou and previously for ASIL Lysi he was considered a big talent while playing in AC Omonia Nicosia.	Antonis Makris	Nicosia
place of birth	Balian Buschbaum (born 14 July 1980 in Ulm as Yvonne Buschbaum) is a former German pole vaulter.	Balian Buschbaum	Ulm
place of birth	Simon Paisley Day (born 1967 in Gillingham, Kent) also known as Simon Day is a British stage and screen actor.	Simon Paisley Day	Gillingham
place of birth	Lauren Hewett (born on 8 January 1981 in Sydney) is an Australian actress best known for her role in Ocean Girl as Mera, and also for her role as Lara Ritchie in The Echo of Thunder.	Lauren Hewett	Sydney
place of birth	Tarrare was born in rural France, near Lyon, around 1772.	Tarrare	Lyon
place of birth	Andrea Motis (born May 9, 1995 in Barcelona) is a Spanish jazz singer and instrumentalist.	Andrea Motis	Barcelona
place of birth	Luciano Henrique de Gouveia or simply Luciano Henrique (born October 10, 1978 in Tremembé), is a Brazilian football striker who currently plays for Santo André.	Luciano Henrique	Tremembé
place of birth	Born and raised in Lagos, Pheelz is credited to have produced all but one song in Olamide's Baddest Guy Ever Liveth album.	Pheelz	Lagos
place of birth	Jane McGrath was born Jane Louise Steele on 4 May 1966 to Jen and Roy Steele, a now retired newsagent in Paignton, Devon, England.	Jane McGrath	Paignton
place of birth	His name was later used for streets and places such as Hans Place, Hans Crescent and Sloane Square in London, and also to Sir Hans Sloane Square in his birthplace, Killyleagh.	Hans Sloane	Killyleagh
place of birth	Varvara Lepchenko (Варвара Петрiвна Лепченко); born May 21, 1986 in Tashkent, is an American professional tennis player of Ukrainian descent.	Varvara Lepchenko	Tashkent
place of birth	Józef Światło was born on 1 January 1915 as Izaak Fleischfarb (also Fleichfarb, Licht, or Lichtstein, sources vary), into a Jewish family in Medyn village near Zbarazh (now Ukraine).	Józef Światło	Zbarazh
place of birth	Alejandro Awada (Spanish pronunciation: (aleˈxandɾo aˈwaða); December 7, 1961 in Villa Ballester, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine character actor of Lebanese descent.	Alejandro Awada	Villa Ballester
place of birth	Wilfrid Hyde-White was born in Bourton-on-the-Water in Gloucestershire, England in 1903 to the Rev. William Edward White, canon of Gloucester Cathedral, and his wife, Ethel Adelaide (née Drought).	Wilfrid Hyde-White	Bourton-on-the-Water
place of birth	Sol Stein (born October 13, 1926 in Chicago) is the author of 13 books and was Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of Stein and Day Publishers for 27 years.	Sol Stein	Chicago
place of birth	Nuon Chea was born as Lau Kim Lorn at Voat Kor, Battambang in 1926.	Nuon Chea	Battambang
place of birth	Ville Virtanen (born 17 July 1975), better known by his stage name Darude /dəˈruːd/, is a Finnish electronic music producer and DJ from Eura, Hinnerjoki.	Darude	Eura
place of birth	Kealan Patrick Burke (born in Dungarvan, Ireland) is an author.	Kealan Patrick Burke	Dungarvan
place of birth	Norbert Davis was born in Morrison, Illinois, where he grew up.	Norbert Davis	Illinois
place of birth	Alexander Kerensky was born in Simbirsk (now Ulyanovsk) on the Volga River on 2 May 1881.	Alexander Kerensky	Ulyanovsk
place of birth	Steeven Joseph-Monrose (born 20 July 1990 in Bondy) is a French footballer who is currently plays for Brest who play in Ligue 2.	Steeven Joseph-Monrose	Bondy
place of birth	Algirdas Paleckis was born on May 20, 1971 in Bern, Switzerland to a family of diplomat Justas Vincas Paleckis.	Algirdas Paleckis	Bern
place of birth	Pang Qing (simplified Chinese: 庞清; traditional Chinese: 龐清; pinyin: Páng Qīng; born December 24, 1979 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese pair skater.	Pang Qing	Harbin
place of birth	Régine Robin (born as Rivka Ajzersztejn to Jewish-Polish parents in Paris, 1939) is a historian, novelist, translator and professor of sociology.	Régine Robin	Paris
place of birth	Helge Fossmo originated from the village of Björneborg, close to Kristinehamn in Värmland County.	Helge Fossmo	Kristinehamn
place of birth	Swanand Kirkire was born and brought up at Rambagh in Indore-based Marathi speaking family to Chintamani (father) and Neelambari (mother), both of whom are classical singers.	Swanand Kirkire	Indore
place of birth	Logan Morrison was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and moved around a lot with his Coast Guard father (Tom).	Logan Morrison	Kansas City
place of birth	Father Oleg Molenko, born Oleg Uryupin (February 24, 1954, Kiev) - is an Orthodox priest, preacher, social activist and theologian.	Oleg Molenko	Kiev
place of birth	Alijan Ibragimov (also known as Alidjan or Alidzhon Ibragimov; born 5 June 1954 in Fergana, Uzbek SSR) is an Uyghur oligarch who is a member of a well-known circle of oligarchs in Kazakhstan known as the ``Trio.''	Alijan Ibragimov	Fergana
place of birth	Nils Mesterton was born in Stockholm as the third son and fourth child of lieutenant Carl Daniel Mesterton and Ebba von Redlich, daughter of the German consul-general in Stockholm.	Nils Mesterton	Stockholm
place of birth	Professor Shlomo Havlin was born in Jerusalem, Israel (then part of The British Mandate of Palestine).	Shlomo Havlin	Jerusalem
place of birth	Jorma Gallen-Kallela (22 November 1898 in Ruovesi -- 1 December 1939) was a Finnish artist.	Jorma Gallen-Kallela	Ruovesi
place of birth	Ahmed Saad Al Rashidi (born 18 June 1984) is a Kuwaiti footballer currently playing with Al Arabi of Kuwait.	Ahmed Saad Al Rashidi	Kuwait
place of birth	Shahab Hosseini (Persian: شهاب حسینی‎‎, born 4 February 1974 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor.	Shahab Hosseini	Tehran
place of birth	Luo Zilin, or commonly known in English as Roseline, (simplified Chinese: 罗紫琳; traditional Chinese: 羅紫琳; pinyin: Luō Zǐlín; born June 6, 1987 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe China in July 2011.	Luo Zilin	Shanghai
place of birth	Sonja Kastl (July 14, 1929, Zagreb) is Croatian film and stage actress, teacher, dancer and choreographer.	Sonja Kastl	Zagreb
place of birth	Born in Landshut before 1450 (some sources state 1430 as the year of his birth), Ulrich Füetrer went to the Latin school in that city before becoming a pupil of the painter Dietrich Ziegler there.	Ulrich Füetrer	Landshut
place of birth	Pascale Trinquet (born August 11, 1958 in Marseille) is a French fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition.	Pascale Trinquet	Marseille
place of birth	Faith Ringgold (born October 8, 1930, in Harlem, New York City) is an African-American artist, best known for her narrative quilts.	Faith Ringgold	Harlem
place of birth	Lance Wyman (b. Newark, New Jersey, 1937) is an American graphic designer.	Lance Wyman	Newark
place of birth	Nigel Boulton (born Cardiff, Wales) is a former Welsh football player who currently coaches in the United States.	Nigel Boulton	Cardiff
place of birth	Filip Deket (born 1 May 1993) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Trnava as a centre back or a defensive midfielder.	Filip Deket	Trnava
place of birth	Nikolai Borisovich Delone (22 May 1926 -- 11 September 2008) was a Soviet physicist born in Leningrad, USSR (now Saint Petersburg, Russia).	Nikolai Borisovich Delone	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	James A. Bell (born June 4, 1948 in Los Angeles, California) was formerly the President, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Boeing Company.	James A. Bell	Los Angeles
place of birth	Albert Richter, known to friends as Teddy, grew up in Sömmeringstraße 72, Ehrenfeld, Cologne.	Albert Richter	Ehrenfeld
place of birth	Nenad Đukanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Ђукaнoвић ; born June 9, 1971 in Obrenovac) is a retired Serbian football player, now starting his coaching career.	Nenad Đukanović	Obrenovac
place of birth	John Beebe (born June 24, 1939, Washington, D.C.) is a Jungian analyst in practice in San Francisco.	John Beebe	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Heinz Nixdorf (April 9, 1925 -- March 17, 1986) was a German computing pioneer, businessman and founder of Nixdorf Computer AG. Nixdorf was born in Paderborn.	Heinz Nixdorf	Paderborn
place of birth	Gerd Sannemüller (19 October 1914, Heilbad Heiligenstadt -- 13 June 2008) was a German composer, pianist and musicologist.	Gerd Sannemüller	Heilbad Heiligenstadt
place of birth	Lorenz Schwietz was born in Groß Döbern (now Dobrzeń Wielki), Oppeln county, Prussian province of Silesia.	Lorenz Schwietz	Dobrzeń Wielki
place of birth	Ravish Malhotra (born on 25 December 1943 in Lahore) is a retired Air Commodore of the Indian Air Force.	Ravish Malhotra	Lahore
place of birth	August Gottfried Knoche (17 March 1813, Halberstadt - 2 January 1901, near La Guaira) was a German doctor and surgeon.	Gottfried Knoche	Halberstadt
place of birth	Elmir Alimzhanov (Russian: Эльмир Эльдарович Алимжанов, born 5 October 1986 in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani right-handed fencer.	Elmir Alimzhanov	Almaty
place of birth	Jenifer Papararo (Born 1966, Chelmsford, UK) is a curator and writer of contemporary art and founding member of curatorial/design/service collective Instant Coffee.	Jenifer Papararo	Chelmsford
place of birth	George Hourani was born into a prosperous British family of Lebanese Christian extraction in Didsbury, Manchester.	George Hourani	Didsbury
place of birth	Roland Batik (born August 19, 1951 in Vienna) is an Austrian pianist, composer, jazz musician and piano teacher.	Roland Batik	Vienna
place of birth	Francis Celeste Le Blond (grandfather of Frank Le Blond Kloeb) was born in Bellville, Ohio.	Francis Celeste Le Blond	Bellville, Ohio
place of birth	Peter Howson OBE (born London, England, 27 March 1958) is a Scottish painter.	Peter Howson	London
place of birth	David Owen Dodd was born in Victoria, Lavaca County, Texas, to Andrew Marion Dodd, a merchant, and Lydia Echols Owen.	David Owen Dodd	Lavaca County
place of birth	Jules Verriest (born 19 May 1946 in Bruges) is a retired Belgian football player, who played almost his complete career for Cercle Brugge.	Jules Verriest	Bruges
place of birth	Depending on the reference, Edward R. Talley was born on either September 6 or 8, 1890 in Russellville, Tennessee.	Edward R. Talley	Russellville, Tennessee
place of birth	Blessed Josaphata Hordashevska, S.S.M.I., born Michaelina Hordashevska, (20 November 1869, Lviv - 7 April 1919, Lviv) a Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Religious Sister, was the first member of the Sisters Servants of Mary Immaculate.	Josaphata Hordashevska	Lviv
place of birth	Jessica Gower (born 1977 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian actress; sometimes credited as Jess Gower.	Jessica Gower	Melbourne
place of birth	Randy Hembrey (born June 26, 1965 in Cary, Illinois) is a Senior Series Manager.	Randy Hembrey	Cary
place of birth	Arthur Caíke do Nascimento Cruz (born 15 June 1992 in Barbalha) - known as Arthur - is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Santa Cruz in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, on loan from Londrina.	Arthur Caíke do Nascimento Cruz	Barbalha
place of birth	Clinton Larsen (born 17 February 1971 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African former football player and current head coach of Bloemfontein Celtic.	Clinton Larsen	Durban
place of birth	Hendrik Pierson was born in Amsterdam on 10 July 1834, the fourth child of Jan Lodewijk Gregory Pierson (1806--1873) and Ida Oyens (1808--1860).	Hendrik Pierson	Amsterdam
place of birth	Graham Barrow (born in Chorley, Lancashire, 13 June 1954) is an English former footballer who has since become a lower division manager.	Graham Barrow	Chorley
place of birth	Alec Poole is an Irish auto racing driver from Dublin.	Alec Poole	Dublin
place of birth	Marcelo Rosa Nazário or simply Marcelo (born May 20, 1987 in Tubarão) is a Brazilian central defender.	Marcelo Rosa Nazário	Tubarão
place of birth	Colleen Broomall (born August 30, 1983 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American actress and journalist.	Colleen Broomall	Teaneck
place of birth	Born in Eltham, Kent, on 16 January 1916, Philip Lucock emigrated to New Zealand in 1923, where he was educated.	Philip Lucock	Eltham
place of birth	Stéphane Mertens (born 14 May 1959 in Paris, France) is a Belgian motorcycle road racer.	Stéphane Mertens	Paris
place of birth	Sweyn Forkbeard (Old Norse: Sveinn Tjúguskegg; Danish: Sven Tveskæg; 960 -- 3 February 1014) was king of Denmark, England, and parts of Norway.	Sweyn Forkbeard	Denmark
place of birth	Guillermina Bravo, daughter of Guillermo Nicolás Bravo and María de los Dolores Canales y Mondragón, was born in Chacaltianguis, Veracruz.	Guillermina Bravo	Veracruz
place of birth	Alexey Retinsky ( ukr. Oleksii Retynskii) was born on 14 November 1986 in Simferopol, Crimea.	Alexey Retinsky	Simferopol
place of birth	Henrique da Rocha Lima (24 November 1879 -- 12 April 1956) was a Brazilian physician, pathologist and infectologist born in Rio de Janeiro.	Henrique da Rocha Lima	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Born in Söderhamn on 11 May 1976, Sahlene was the oldest of seven children having three younger brothers and three younger sisters.	Sahlene	Söderhamn
place of birth	Cássia Kis Magro (São Caetano do Sul, January 6, 1958) is a Brazilian actress of Hungarian descent.	Cássia Kis	São Caetano do Sul
place of birth	Mohamed Bayram II, born on 28 October 1748 in Tunis and died on 23 October 1831, is a Tunisian scholar and cleric.	Mohamed Bayram II	Tunis
place of birth	Maxime Blocq-Mascart was born in Paris on 17 November 1894 to an old banking family from Lorraine.	Maxime Blocq-Mascart	Paris
place of birth	Gloria Lynne Henry was born in Detroit, Michigan and her first experience in front of the camera was a role in the TV movie Bare Essence in 1982.	Gloria Lynne Henry	Detroit
place of birth	Peter Lowry (born October 2, 1985 in Missoula, Montana) is a former American soccer player.	Peter Lowry	Missoula
place of birth	Erwin Thaler (born May 21, 1930 in Innsbruck - November 29, 2001) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the 1960s.	Erwin Thaler	Innsbruck
place of birth	Marijan Zovko (born 21 August 1959 in Split) is a Croatian retired footballer and a current football manager.	Marijan Zovko	Split
place of birth	Ben Antao is a writer who was born in Velim, Goa, India.	Ben Antao	Velim
place of birth	Redemption Island, he chose to adopt the name Wyatt Nash (his middle name plus Nash for his birth city, Nashville) as his stage name.	Wyatt Nash	Nashville
place of birth	Teddy Wang's hometown is Wenzhou and was born in Shanghai, China to Wenzhounese parents.	Teddy Wang	Shanghai
place of birth	Rear-Admiral Joseph de Richery (13 September 1757, Allons, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence -- 1798, Allons) was a French naval officer.	Joseph de Richery	Allons
place of birth	Marcos Renan de Mattos Ceschin or simply Renan (born 12 May 1985 in Curitiba) is a Brazilian attacking midfielder for Panachaiki.	Marcos Renan de Mattos Ceschin	Curitiba
place of birth	Andrey Loginov (born 3 March 1972 in Tiraspol, Moldovan SSR) is a retired Russian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.	Andrey Loginov	Tiraspol
place of birth	Domenico Mogavero (born March 31, 1947 in Castelbuono) is Bishop of Mazara del Vallo and former member of the Conferencia Episcopale Siciliana.	Domenico Mogavero	Castelbuono
place of birth	Sam Reynolds (born December 13, 1981 in Fortuna, California) is a former American professional soccer player, now a player liaison for PROficient Agency, representing professional soccer players, primarily in the United States and Europe.	Sam Reynolds	Fortuna, California
place of birth	Ann Curless-Weiss (born Ann Katherine Curless, October 7, 1963, in Albany, New York) is a popular music singer, most notable for being a member of Exposé and as a McGraw-Hill Education sales rep.	Ann Curless	Albany
place of birth	Philip Tagg (born 1944 in Oundle, Northamptonshire, UK) is a British musicologist, writer and educator.	Philip Tagg	Northamptonshire
place of birth	Erich Wagler (7 September 1884, Zwickau -- 29 August 1951) was a German ichthyologist and malacologist.	Erich Wagler	Zwickau
place of birth	John Pringle was the youngest son of Sir John Pringle, 2nd Baronet, of Stichill, Roxburghshire (1662--1721), by his spouse Magdalen (d. December 1739), daughter of Sir Gilbert Elliot, of Stobs.	John Pringle	Roxburghshire
place of birth	Silma Ihram (born Anne Frances Beaumont c. 1954) is an Australian pioneer of Muslim education in the West, founder and former school Principal of the 'Noor Al Houda Islamic College' in Sydney, and a campaigner for racial tolerance.	Silma Ihram	Sydney
place of birth	Mierle Laderman Ukeles (born 1939, Denver, Colorado) is a New York City-based artist known for her feminist and service-oriented artwork.	Mierle Laderman Ukeles	Denver
place of birth	Alessandro Dell'Acqua (b. 21 December 1962 in Naples) is a fashion designer.	Alessandro Dell'Acqua	Naples
place of birth	Mykhailo Poloz was born on December 23, 1891 in Kharkiv, in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire in a noble family of excise official.	Mykhailo Poloz	Kharkiv
place of birth	Giorgio Madia was born in Milan and trained as a dancer from 1976 to 1984 at the ballet school of Teatro alla Scala in Milan.	Giorgio Madia	Milan
place of birth	Dmitri Sinodi-Popov was born in the city of Taganrog, where he received a good education at home: violin, French, Italian and Greek languages and was very good at the visual arts.	Dmitri Sinodi-Popov	Taganrog
place of birth	Gulshan Kumar Mehta, popularly known as Gulshan Bawra was born 30 km from Lahore in a place called Sheikhupura.	Gulshan Kumar Mehta	Sheikhupura
place of birth	The daughter of prominent Austrian architect and interior designer, Walter Sobotka (1888--1972) and Viennese actress, Gisela Schönau, Ruth Sobotka immigrated to the United States from Vienna with her parents in 1938.	Ruth Sobotka	Vienna
place of birth	Mauro Baldi (born January 31, 1954 in Reggio Emilia) is an Italian former Formula One driver who raced for the Arrows, Alfa Romeo and Spirit teams.	Mauro Baldi	Reggio Emilia
place of birth	Silvia Ziche (born 5 July 1967 in Thiene) is an Italian comic book artist and writer.	Silvia Ziche	Thiene
place of birth	Imma von Bodmershof (née Emma Lilly Isolde von Ehrenfels) (August 10, 1895 -- August 26, 1982) was an Austrian poet born in Graz.	Imma von Bodmershof	Graz
place of birth	Stevie Wonder was born in Saginaw, Michigan, in 1950, the third of six children of Calvin Judkins and Lula Mae Hardaway.	Stevie Wonder	Saginaw
place of birth	Michał Koterski, also known as Misiek Koterski (born December 29, 1979 in Kraków) is a Polish actor, TV presenter and stand-up comedian.	Michał Koterski	Kraków
place of birth	Juan Ignacio Duato Bárcia, also known as Nacho Duato (Valencia, 8 January 1957) is a Spanish modern ballet dancer and choreographer.	Nacho Duato	Valencia
place of birth	J. Campbell White (March 31, 1870 -- March 24, 1962) was a General Secretary of the YMCA in Calcutta and an American President of the College of Wooster in Ohio.	J. Campbell White	Wooster
place of birth	Donato Sabia (born 11 September 1963 in Potenza) is a retired Italian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Donato Sabia	Potenza
place of birth	Stéphan L'Enflé (born November 7, 1982 in Mauritius) is a football player who currently plays for SS Capricorne in the Réunion Division 2.	Stéphan L'Enflé	Mauritius
place of birth	Sir Charles Tertius Mander, 1st Baronet JP, DL (16 July 1852 -- 8 April 1929) was a Midland manufacturer (and as such Royal Warrant holder), philanthropist and public servant, of Wolverhampton, England.	Charles Tertius Mander	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Owe Thörnqvist (born 12 March 1929 in Uppsala) is a Swedish troubadour, revue artist and songwriter.	Owe Thörnqvist	Uppsala
place of birth	Vladimir Ussachevsky was born in the Hailar District of China, in modern-day Inner Mongolia to an Imperial Russian Army officer assigned to protect Trans-Siberian Railway interests.	Vladimir Ussachevsky	Hailar District
place of birth	Benjamin Cas Haley (born December 27, 1980; Paris, Texas) is an American singer/guitarist who was the runner-up on Season 2 of America's Got Talent in 2007.	Cas Haley	Paris
place of birth	Glenn Poshard (born October 30, 1945 in Herald, Illinois) is a former Illinois State Senator, U.S. Congressman, Gubernatorial Candidate, and is a former President of the Southern Illinois University system.	Glenn Poshard	Herald, Illinois
place of birth	Musa Celik (born 11 April 1983 in Oberhausen) is a German professional footballer who currently plays for FSV Duisburg and is co-founder of the SK Gaming e-sports clan.	Musa Celik	Oberhausen
place of birth	Dejan Martinović (born July 19, 1983 in Doboj) is a Bosnian footballer who's last known club was FC Okzhetpes.	Dejan Martinović	Doboj
place of birth	Michael Millett (22 September 1977 -- 21 September 1995) was an English footballer who played for Wigan Athletic.	Michael Millett	Wigan
place of birth	Antonio Palomino was born to a respectable family at Bujalance, near Córdoba in 1653.	Antonio Palomino	Bujalance
place of birth	Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera (born 5 June 1984 in La Plata, Buenos Aires province) is an Argentine football right winger currently playing for Quilmes.	Nicolás Alejandro Cabrera	La Plata
place of birth	Michael Bendetti (born August 21, 1967 in Long Beach, California) is an American actor and producer best known for playing Officer Anthony ``Mac'' McCann in the fifth and final season of the Fox television series 21 Jump Street.	Michael Bendetti	Long Beach
place of birth	Robert Arthur Hughes was born on 3 December 1910 to Reverend Howell Harris Hughes and Annie Myfanwy Hughes in Oswestry, a town in Shropshire, England.	Robert Arthur Hughes	Oswestry
place of birth	Vladimir Mikanba was born 23 September 1931 in New Athos in the Gudauta district of what was then the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.	Vladimir Mikanba	New Athos
place of birth	Robert Hering (born 14 June 1990 in Gera) is a German sprinter who specialises in the 200 metres.	Robert Hering	Gera
place of birth	Big Gipp (born Cameron Gipp; April 28, 1973) is an American rapper from Atlanta, Georgia.	Big Gipp	Atlanta
place of birth	Richard Corben was born on a farm in Anderson, Missouri, and went on to get a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Kansas City Art Institute, in 1965.	Richard Corben	Anderson
place of birth	Scott Lee Kimball (born September 21, 1966) is a convicted serial killer from Boulder County, Colorado.	Scott Lee Kimball	Boulder
place of birth	Daan Paau (born 11 November 1985 in Heumen) is a footballer who plays as an Midfielder for Achilles '29 in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Daan Paau	Heumen
place of birth	Julien Kapek (born 12 January 1979 in Clamart, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French triple jumper.	Julien Kapek	Clamart
place of birth	Marina Kuptsova (born December 22, 1981 in Moscow) is a Russian high jumper who won a silver medal at the 2003 World Championships.	Marina Kuptsova	Moscow
place of birth	Paul Crake (born 6 December 1976 in Canberra) is an Australian professional racing cyclist.	Paul Crake	Canberra
place of birth	Bence Szabó (born 13 June 1962 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian fencer, who has won four Olympic medals in the sabre competitions.	Bence Szabó	Békéscsaba
place of birth	Saffron Taylor (born 9 May 1982 in Warwick, England) is a British Latex fashion model, best known for her latex fashion, glamour and pin-up modelling.	Saffron Taylor	Warwick
place of birth	Gyula O. H. Katona (born March 16, 1941, Budapest) is a Hungarian mathematician known for his work in combinatorial set theory, and especially for the Kruskal--	Gyula O. H. Katona	Budapest
place of birth	Nicolas Hartmann (born March 3, 1985 in Altkirch) is a French professional road bicycle racer who is currently riding for Bretagne-Schuller.	Nicolas Hartmann	Altkirch
place of birth	Jan Vriend (born November 1938 in Benningbroek) is a Dutch classical music composer, conductor, organist and pianist.	Jan Vriend	Benningbroek
place of birth	Pietro Dalle Vedove (or Delle Vedove in other sources; born August 19, 1903 in Cremona) was an Italian professional football player.	Pietro Dalle Vedove	Cremona
place of birth	Arthur Cowley (born in London) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town & Aberdare Athletic.	Arthur Cowley	London
place of birth	Brima Koroma (born 8 July 1984 in Makeni) is a professional Sierra Leonean footballer.	Brima Koroma	Makeni
place of birth	Air Marshal Herman Prayitno (born 9 January 1951 in Yogyakarta) was the Indonesian Air Force's Chief of the Air Staff from 13 February 2006 until 28 December 2007.	Herman Prayitno	Yogyakarta
place of birth	Born in Dois Vizinhos, Paraná, Douglão appeared rarely for Coritiba and Internacional.	Douglão	Dois Vizinhos
place of birth	Bruce Baillie (born in 1931, Aberdeen, South Dakota) is an American cinematic artist and founding member of Canyon Cinema in San Francisco.	Bruce Baillie	Aberdeen
place of birth	Susan Jellicoe (christened Ursula but known as Susan or Sue) was born in Liverpool, the third child of Sir Bernard Pares KBE (1867--1949), the historian and academic known for his work on Russia.	Susan Jellicoe	Liverpool
place of birth	Nathan Fake is an English electronic music artist from Norfolk, who has released singles as well as three albums on the label Border Community Recordings.	Nathan Fake	Norfolk
place of birth	Abdülkerim Nadir Pasha (1807--1883), also known as Çırpanlı Abdi Pasha or Abdul Kerim Pasha, was an Ottoman military commander, born in Chirpan, Ottoman Bulgaria.	Abdülkerim Nadir Pasha	Chirpan
place of birth	Yael Arad, who is Jewish, was born in Tel Aviv.	Yael Arad	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Wellington Silva Sanches Aguiar, known as Wellington Nem (born February 6, 1992 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Shakhtar, in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Wellington Nem	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Giorgio Stirano (born 23 February 1950 in Turin) is an Italian racing car engineer, who worked for Forti and Osella in Formula One.	Giorgio Stirano	Turin
place of birth	Fernando Wagner (November 7, 1905 in Göttingen, Germany -- October 20, 1973 in Cuernavaca, Mexico) was a German-born Mexican actor and film director.	Fernando Wagner	Göttingen
place of birth	Affonso Romano de Sant'Anna (born March 27, 1937 in Belo Horizonte), is a Brazilian poet, essay writer, and professor.	Affonso Romano de Sant'Anna	Belo Horizonte
place of birth	Jan de Witte was born in the Russian army encampment near Poltava on 8 July 1709, as a son of Jan de Witte (the Elder), a professional officer coming from a Dutch Protestant family from Dordrecht, at that time employed in the Russian army which waged war with Sweden.	Jan de Witte	Poltava
place of birth	Estera Dobre (born February 10, 1987 in Râmnicu Vâlcea) is an amateur Romanian wrestler, who played for the women's flyweight category.	Estera Dobre	Râmnicu Vâlcea
place of birth	Callisthenes of Olynthus ((/kəˈlɪsθəˌniːz/); Greek: Καλλισθένης; c. 360 -- 328 BC) was a Greek historian.	Callisthenes	Olynthus
place of birth	Li Weijun (simplified Chinese: 李伟军; traditional Chinese: 李偉軍; pinyin: Li Wěijūn; born 1 December 1981 in China) is a professional Chinese football Goalkeeper who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia.	Li Weijun	Meizhou
place of birth	Kevin Little (born April 3, 1968 in Des Moines, Iowa) is a former American athlete, who specialized in sprints.	Kevin Little	Des Moines
place of birth	DJ Gruff, also known as Gruffetti (real name Sandro Orrù, born in Rome but from Sardinia ) is an Italian hip hop artist.	DJ Gruff	Rome
place of birth	Clifford Last was the younger son of Nella and William Last, shopfitter in Barrow-in-Furness, England.	Clifford Last	Barrow-in-Furness
place of birth	Salah Al-Deen Siamand Tahir (Arabic: صلاح الدين سيامند طاهر‎) (born 3 March 1978) is an Iraqi football player of Kurdish ethnicity, who currently plays for Arbil FC in Iraq Salah Al-Deen played in both central defence and in a deep midfield position.	Salah Al-Deen Siamand	Iraq
place of birth	Gary Allan Herzberg was born and raised in La Mirada, California, to Harley and Mary Herzberg.	Gary Allan	La Mirada, California
place of birth	Wong Fai (Chinese: 王輝; pinyin: Wáng Huī; Jyutping: wong4 fai1; born January 6, 1970) is a Hong Kong sport shooter.	Wong Fai	Hong Kong
place of birth	Marco Martinelli (born 9 October 1965 in Rovereto, Trentino) is a former Italian volleyball player, who later became a volleyball coach.	Marco Martinelli	Rovereto
place of birth	Moritz Krämer (born 1980 in Basel) is a Swiss indie singer songwriter from Basel living currently in Berlin.	Moritz Krämer	Basel
place of birth	Luís Gabriel Sacilotto Filho (born 18 March 1983 in Americana, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football player, he currently plays for the Italian club Lecce.	Luís Gabriel Sacilotto	Americana
place of birth	Frédéric Sessa (Sète 1985) is a French free-diver.	Frédéric Sessa	Sète
place of birth	Fausto Biloslavo (Trieste, 13 November 1961) is an Italian journalist, author and one of the most experienced Italian war correspondents.	Fausto Biloslavo	Trieste
place of birth	David Simeon (born David John Townsend, 17 May 1943, Chippenham, Wiltshire) is a British actor.	David Simeon	Chippenham
place of birth	Vasyl Zolotarenko (Ukrainian: Василь Золотаренко) (born ? in Korsun, died on September 28, 1663), was a Ukrainian Cossack colonel of the Nizhyn Regiment (1655--1656, 1659--1663).	Vasyl Zolotarenko	Korsun
place of birth	Józef Lustgarten (1 November 1889, Krakow - 22 September 1973, Kraków) was a Polish Jewish footballer.	Józef Lustgarten	Kraków
place of birth	Marcelino de Unceta y López (October 22, 1835 -- March 10, 1905) was an artist, illustrator, and painter of Zaragoza and Madrid.	Marcelino de Unceta	Zaragoza
place of birth	Christopher Quinten (born Christopher Bell on 12 July 1957, Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire) is a British actor, best known for his role as Brian Tilsley on Coronation Street, which he played from 1978 to 1989.	Christopher Quinten	Middlesbrough
place of birth	Camille de Rocca Serra (born 21 May 1954 in Porto-Vecchio) was the president of the regional council of Corsica between 2004 and 2010.	Camille de Rocca Serra	Porto-Vecchio
place of birth	Mario Basiola was born in Annicco in the province of Cremona to Alessandro, an artisan basketweaver, and Marta Milanesi.	Mario Basiola	Annicco
place of birth	Dmitry Almazov (Russian: Дми́трий Алма́зов; IPA: (ˈdʲmʲitrʲɪj ɐlˈmazəf); born 11 March 1982 in Moscow), mostly known by his stage name Bobina is a Russian trance DJ, record producer and radio host.	Bobina	Moscow
place of birth	Alexander Butlerov was born in Chistopol into a landowning family.	Alexander Butlerov	Chistopol
place of birth	Khaled Salmeen (Arabic: خالد سالمين) (born 1974) is chairman of Abu Dhabi Terminals (ADT), and a leading advisor to Abu Dhabi Ports in the emirate of Abu Dhabi.	Khaled Salmeen	Abu Dhabi
place of birth	Louis Rocca (1882--13 June 1950) was an English football administrator and scout who played a pivotal role in the development of Manchester United F.C. He had several roles within the club from the 1890s to the 1940s, most notably putting them in contact with Matt Busby in 1945;	Louis Rocca	Manchester
place of birth	Johannes Katschthaler was born in Hippach, in the Austrian Tirol, and studied at the seminary in Salzburg.	Johannes Katschthaler	Hippach
place of birth	Yates Stirling, Jr. was born in Vallejo, California in 1872 to Lieutenant Commander Yates Stirling, Sr. (1843-1929) (United States Naval Academy Class of 1863) and his wife, Ellen Salisbury (née Hale) Stirling (1843-1929).	Yates Stirling, Jr.	Vallejo
place of birth	Brook Antoinette Mahealani Lee (born January 8, 1971 in Pearl City, Hawaii), known as Brook Lee, is an American actress, TV Host, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Hawaii USA 1997, Miss USA 1997 and Miss Universe 1997.	Brook Lee	Pearl City, Hawaii
place of birth	Alberto Cavasin (born January 9, 1956 in Treviso) is an Italian football (soccer) manager and former player.	Alberto Cavasin	Treviso
place of birth	Jean de Koven (1915 - July 23, 1937) was a dancer from Boston, Massachusetts who was murdered in Paris, France in 1937.	Jean de Koven	Boston
place of birth	Susana Félix (born in Torres Vedras, 12 October 1975) is a Portuguese singer, songwriter, musician, actress, producer.	Susana Félix	Torres Vedras
place of birth	Brígida Baltar (Rio de Janeiro, 1959) is a Brazilian visual artist.	Brígida Baltar	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Hannah Ryggen (21 March 1894, Malmö -- 2 February 1970) was a Swedish-born Norwegian textile artist.	Hannah Ryggen	Malmö
place of birth	John Baughan/Boffin the elder was married to Ann Woodley/Wodley on 22 June 1753 at Cherington, Warwickshire.	John Baughan	Warwickshire
place of birth	Pavel Petrovich Parenago was born into the family of a physician on 20 March 1906, in Krasnodar, present-day Russia.	Pavel Petrovich Parenago	Krasnodar
place of birth	Jiří Ryba (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈrɪba)) (born 15 June 1976 in Tábor) is a Czech decathlete.	Jiří Ryba	Tábor
place of birth	Brahim Boulami (Arabic: ابراهيم بولامي‎) (born April 20, 1972 in Safi) is a Moroccan athlete who had set two world records in the 3,000 meter steeplechase, 7:55.28 and 7:53.17.	Brahim Boulami	Safi
place of birth	Breanna Leslie (born August 11, 1991 in Mesa, Arizona) is an American pentathlete, heptathlete, and 100 m hurdler.	Breanna Leslie	Mesa
place of birth	Peggy Morse, née Bozeman (born in Texas, United States) well known as Peggy Moreland is a USA TODAY and Waldenbooks bestselling American writer of over 40 romance novels since 1989.	Peggy Moreland	Texas
place of birth	Agostinho dos Santos was born in São Paulo, in the neighborhood called Bela Vista or Bixiga.	Agostinho dos Santos	São Paulo
place of birth	Davide Tardozzi (born in Ravenna, January 30, 1959) is a former Italian Superbike racer and current race team manager.	Davide Tardozzi	Ravenna
place of birth	David Bergen (born January 14, 1957, Port Edward, British Columbia) is a Canadian novelist from Winnipeg, Manitoba.	David Bergen	British Columbia
place of birth	Joshard Daus (born 1947, Hamburg) is a German choral conductor.	Joshard Daus	Hamburg
place of birth	Sergey Petrovich Kovalchuk (born 16 December 1973 in Brest) is a Belarusian professional football coach and former player.	Sergey Petrovich Kovalchuk	Brest
place of birth	Hans Reiser was born and raised in Oakland, California to Ramon and Beverly (née Kleiber) Reiser.	Hans Reiser	California
place of birth	Ivan Quaranta (born December 14, 1974 in Crema), also called ``il Ghepardo'' (Italian: the Cheetah) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Ivan Quaranta	Crema
place of birth	Ross C. Goodman is a Las Vegas criminal defense attorney that is noted for handling high-profile cases.	Ross C. Goodman	Las Vegas
place of birth	Félix Uresti Gómez (Gómez Farías, Coahuila; July 1, 1887 -- Carrizal, Chihuahua; June 21, 1916) was a soldier and Mexican revolutionary.	Félix Uresti Gómez	Gómez Farías
place of birth	Morten Breum, stylized MORTEN (born 1982 in Aarhus) is a Danish DJ and producer, currently living in Los Angeles, USA.	Morten Breum	Aarhus
place of birth	Vladimir Zabugin (21 June 1880, Pargolovo -- 14 September 1923, Trentino-Alto Adige, Italy) was a Russian historian and publicist.	Vladimir Zabugin	Pargolovo
place of birth	John Peel was born in Heswall Cottage Hospital in Heswall on the Wirral Peninsula, near Liverpool, and grew up in the nearby village of Burton.	John Peel	Heswall
place of birth	Ya'akov Schwartz is a former Israeli footballer who represented the Israel national football team.	Ya'akov Schwartz	Israel
place of birth	Bojan Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Марковић; born 11 November 1985 in Zenica) is a Bosnian Serb footballer who plays as a central defender.	Bojan Marković	Zenica
place of birth	Boris Bidjan Saberi is a menswear designer based in Barcelona, although he himself was born in Munich and is half-Persian, half-German.	Boris Bidjan Saberi	Munich
place of birth	Jamie Gregg (born March 18, 1985, in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian long track speed skater.	Jamie Gregg	Edmonton
place of birth	Adolphe Low (21. July 1915 at Cottbus - 11 November 2012 at Strasbourg) was a German-French politician.	Adolphe Low	Cottbus
place of birth	Michiel Smit (born August 21, 1976 in Maasland) is a former Dutch politician and leader of Nieuw Rechts, a nationalist political party.	Michiel Smit	Maasland
place of birth	Paolo De Ceglie (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːolo de ˈtʃɛʎʎe; ˈtʃeʎʎe); born 17 September 1986 in Aosta) is an Italian footballer who plays as a fullback for French club Marseille on loan from Juventus.	Paolo De Ceglie	Aosta
place of birth	Benjamin Psaume (born January 12, 1985 in Auch) is a French professional football player currently playing for Troyes in Ligue 2.	Benjamin Psaume	Auch
place of birth	Charles Horton Peck, born March 30, 1833 in Sand Lake, New York, died July 11, 1917 in Menands, New York, was an American mycologist of the 19th and early 20th centuries.	Charles Horton Peck	New York
place of birth	Fabiana Sgroi (born May 13, 1981 in Palermo) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed in the late 2000s.	Fabiana Sgroi	Palermo
place of birth	Pandora Clifford is a British actress who has appeared in various roles on stage and screen including Agatha Christie's Poirot, Wallander, Taggart and New Tricks`` Born in London, brought up near Edinburgh, she read Classics at Bristol University before training at LAMDA.	Pandora Clifford	London
place of birth	Jan van Goyen was the son of a shoemaker and started as an apprentice in Leiden, the town of his birth.	Jan van Goyen	Leiden
place of birth	László Lempert (4 June 1952, in Budapest) is a Hungarian-American mathematician, working in the analysis of multiple complex variables.	László Lempert	Budapest
place of birth	Nikolay Hristov (Bulgarian: Николай Христов) (born 11 December 1985 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Belasitsa Petrich.	Nikolay Hristov	Sofia
place of birth	Steve Woita (born 1960 in San Francisco, California) is an American computer and video game designer, programmer, and electronics hardware designer with over 30 years of experience.	Steve Woita	San Francisco
place of birth	Tommy Langley (born 8 February 1958 in the Elephant & Castle, London) is an English retired footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s as a striker.	Tommy Langley	London
place of birth	Richard Paltauf (9 February 1858 -- 21 April 1924) was an Austrian pathologist and bacteriologist born in Judenburg, Styria.	Richard Paltauf	Judenburg
place of birth	Heather Mazur (born June 17, 1976 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American actress, best known for her role as Sarah Cooper in the 1990 film Night of the Living Dead.	Heather Mazur	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Bonwick was born Lingfield, Surrey, England, the eldest son of James Bonwick, carpenter, and his second wife Mary Ann née Preston.	James Bonwick	Lingfield
place of birth	Frédéric-Louis Allamand (February 5, 1736, Payerne, Vaud -- after 1803) was a Swiss botanist.	Frédéric-Louis Allamand	Payerne
place of birth	Albert Hobson (born April 7, 1925 in Glossop, England) is an English former footballer who played for Blackpool, Huddersfield Town and York City.	Albert Hobson	Glossop
place of birth	Eric Schopler was born February 8, 1927 in Fürth, Germany to Erna Oppenheimer Schopler and Ernst Schopler, who were Jewish.	Eric Schopler	Fürth
place of birth	Mohammad Shirvani (born 1973 in Tehran) is an Iranian film director.Mohammad Shirvani is a contemporary Iranian film director, script writer, visual artist and producer who was born in Tehran at 1973.	Mohammad Shirvani	Tehran
place of birth	Chris Lilygreen (born 9 June 1965, in Newport) is a football manager and former professional footballer.	Chris Lilygreen	Newport
place of birth	Volodymir Hustov (Ukrainian: Володимир Густов, often transliterated to Volodymyr Gustov; born 15 February 1977 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer, who last rode for UCI ProTeam Saxo Bank-Tinkoff Bank.	Volodymir Hustov	Kiev
place of birth	Igor Malinovsky (Igor Vladimirovich Malinovsky, Russian: Игорь Владимирович Mалиновский), was born in Sverdlovsk (Yekaterinburg) on 6 November 1977.	Igor Malinovsky	Yekaterinburg
place of birth	Shan Sa is the pseudonym of Yan Ni (born October 26, 1972 in Beijing, China), a French author and painter.	Shan Sa	Beijing
place of birth	Khalil Maleki (1903 in Tabriz -- July 1969) was an Iranian political figure, socialist and intellectual.	Khalil Maleki	Tabriz
place of birth	Rinaldo Francisco de Lima or simply Nem (born January 19, 1973 in Recife), is a Brazilian football player, specialising as a central defender.	Rinaldo Francisco de Lima	Recife
place of birth	Andrzej Walkowiak (born January 21, 1961 in Bydgoszcz) is a Polish politician and journalist.	Andrzej Walkowiak	Bydgoszcz
place of birth	Ismail Kadare was born on 28 January 1936 in Gjirokastër in the Kingdom of Albania, to Muslim parents.	Ismail Kadare	Gjirokastër
place of birth	Gustav Adolf von Wulffen (born 18 April 1878 in Gotha - died 4 May 1945) was a German general and Nazi.	Gustav Adolf von Wulffen	Gotha
place of birth	Moacir Costa da Silva or simply Moacir (born February 14, 1986 in Recife), is a Brazilian football Defensive midfielder.	Moacir Costa da Silva	Recife
place of birth	Pascal Feindouno (born 27 February 1981 in Conakry) is a Guinean international footballer, who plays as a winger.	Pascal Feindouno	Conakry
place of birth	Gilbert Bauvin (born August 4, 1927 at Lunéville, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a former professional French road bicycle racer.	Gilbert Bauvin	Lunéville
place of birth	Hans Maler zu Schwaz (1480/1488--1526/1529) was a German painter born in Ulm and active as portraitist in the village of Schwaz, near Innsbruck.	Hans Maler zu Schwaz	Ulm
place of birth	Jeanette Sliwinski (born January 24, 1982) is a Chicago-born model.	Jeanette Sliwinski	Chicago
place of birth	Dmitry Grishin was born in 1978 in Kapustin Yar a Russian rocket launch and development site in Astrakhan Oblast.	Dmitry Grishin	Kapustin Yar
place of birth	Pi de Bruijn (born 28 August 1942 in Losser, Overijssel) is a Dutch architect who won the second prize in February 1993 for the competition on the Reichstag the highest German government building.	Pi de Bruijn	Losser
place of birth	Micah True was born Michael Randall Hickman in Oakland, California, the son of a World War II Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant and the second of four children.	Micah True	Oakland
place of birth	Karl-Heinz Weber was born on 30 January 1922 in Heringsdorf in the province of Pomerania, a Free State of Prussia.	Karl-Heinz Weber	Heringsdorf
place of birth	Charles Norris Houghton was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, the youngest of three children of Grace Norris and Charles Houghton of Oxford, Ohio.	Norris Houghton	Indianapolis
place of birth	Yogan Santos (born 15 January 1985) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team, where he plays as a Defender.	Yogan Santos	Gibraltar
place of birth	Rosario Pergolizzi (born October 7, 1968 in Palermo) is an Italian football coach and former player, most recently manager of Ascoli.	Rosario Pergolizzi	Palermo
place of birth	Albert Gazal is a retired Israeli footballer who was a player in Maccabi Netanya.	Albert Gazal	Netanya
place of birth	Patrick Rea (born January 2, 1980 in Schuyler, Nebraska) is an American producer, writer, actor and director.	Patrick Rea	Schuyler, Nebraska
place of birth	Maurício Donizete Ramos Júnior or simply Maurício Ramos (born April 10, 1985 in Piracicaba), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Centre Back.	Maurício Ramos	Piracicaba
place of birth	Li Shuai started his football career playing for Qingdao Jonoon's youth academy.	Li Shuai	Qingdao
place of birth	Enrico Platé (28 January 1909, Milan, Italy -- 2 February 1954, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a motor racing driver and team manager.	Enrico Platé	Milan
place of birth	Greg Rucka was born on November 29, 1969 in San Francisco and raised on the Monterey Peninsula of California, in an area known to the locals as ``Steinbeck Country''.	Greg Rucka	San Francisco
place of birth	Laura Abbot was born in Kansas City, Missouri, the eldest of three children.	Laura Abbot	Kansas City
place of birth	Abdelkader Laïfaoui (born July 29, 1981 in Hussein Dey, Algiers) is an Algerian international footballer who plays for USM Blida in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Abdelkader Laïfaoui	Algiers
place of birth	Zhang Jingna (simplified Chinese: 张晶娜; traditional Chinese: 張晶娜; pinyin: Zhāng Jīngnà; born 4 May 1988 in Beijing, China) is a Chinese-Singaporean photographer widely known as zemotion.	Zhang Jingna	Beijing
place of birth	Sasha Alexandra Waltz (born 8 March 1963, Karlsruhe) is a German choreographer, dancer and leader of the dance company Sasha Waltz and Guests.	Sasha Waltz	Karlsruhe
place of birth	Julius Dreschfeld was born as the youngest of ten siblings on 13 October 1845 at Niederwerrn, in the Schweinfurt district of Bavaria.	Julius Dreschfeld	Niederwerrn
place of birth	Antony Deschamps was born in Paris, and was the brother of one of the first representatives of the Romantic movement, Émile Deschamps, on whom he had some literary influence.	Antony Deschamps	Paris
place of birth	Oded Burla was born on June 23, 1915 in Jerusalem to a Sephardic Jewish family.	Oded Burla	Jerusalem
place of birth	Oswald Tower (November 23, 1883 in North Adams, Massachusetts, USA -- May 28, 1968) was an American basketball administrator and instructor at Phillips Academy Andover (1910-49).	Oswald Tower	North Adams
place of birth	Firmin Abauzit was born of Huguenot parents November 11, 1679 at Uzès, in Languedoc.	Firmin Abauzit	Uzès
place of birth	Marianne Merchez (born 25 October 1960 in Uccle) is a Belgian doctor from the Catholic University of Louvain and a former European Space Agency astronaut.	Marianne Merchez	Uccle
place of birth	Shaul Elovitch (Hebrew: שאול אלוביץ'‎; born 1949, Poland) - a Polish-born Israeli businessman and the owner of Eurocom Group, one of the largest private holding groups in Israel.	Shaul Elovitch	Poland
place of birth	Tanna Frederick was born in Mason City, Iowa where her father David Frederick was a pharmacist and her mother Nancy Frederick was a nursing instructor.	Tanna Frederick	Mason City
place of birth	Peleg Arnold (1751--1820) was a lawyer, tavern-keeper, jurist, and statesman from Smithfield, Rhode Island (now North Smithfield).	Peleg Arnold	Smithfield, Rhode Island
place of birth	Steven P. Schook (b. 1953 in Mount Clemens, Michigan) is a retired U.S. Army Brigadier General and former United Nations diplomat.	Steven P. Schook	Mount Clemens, Michigan
place of birth	Charles Billich was born in Lovran, Croatia, what was then Italy.	Charles Billich	Lovran
place of birth	Leone Strozzi (15 October 1515 -- 28 June 1554) was an Italian condottiero belonging to the famous Strozzi family of Florence.	Leone Strozzi	Florence
place of birth	Szymon Gąsiński (born July 8, 1983 in Łódź) is a Polish footballer who most recently played for Cracovia.	Szymon Gąsiński	Łódź
place of birth	Yelizaveta Tarakhovskaya (born Parnokh) was born in the city of Taganrog on July 26, 1891 in a pharmacist's family.	Yelizaveta Tarakhovskaya	Taganrog
place of birth	Jens Gaiser (born August 15, 1978 in Baiersbronn) is a German nordic combined skier who has competed since 1998.	Jens Gaiser	Baiersbronn
place of birth	Margaret Kennedy was born in Hyde Park Gate, London, the eldest of the four children of Charles Moore Kennedy (1857-1934), a barrister, and his wife Ellinor Edith Marwood (1861--1928).	Margaret Kennedy	Hyde Park Gate	London
place of birth	William Gilbert Strang (born November 27, 1934 in Chicago), usually known as simply Gilbert Strang or Gil Strang, is an American mathematician, with contributions to finite element theory, the calculus of variations, wavelet analysis and linear algebra.	Gilbert Strang	Chicago
place of birth	Joseph-Désiré Job (born 1 December 1977 in Vénissieux, Rhône) is a former French-born Cameroonian football striker.	Joseph-Désiré Job	Vénissieux
place of birth	David Goldenberg, later Dudu Topaz, was born in Haifa to Lilly and Eliyahu Goldenberg.	Dudu Topaz	Haifa
place of birth	Ted Purves (born 1964 in California) is an American artist, educator, and independent Curator living in Oakland, California.	Ted Purves	California
place of birth	Marc Schmitz (born 1963 in Hamburg) is an artist and curator living in Berlin and Shanghai.	Marc Schmitz	Hamburg
place of birth	Luiz Alfredo Garcia Roza (born 1936 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian professor and current novelist.	Luiz Alfredo Garcia Roza	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Serginho Greene (Dutch pronunciation: (sɛrˈdʒiɲoː ˈɡrin); born 24 June 1982 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Indian club Delhi Dynamos.	Serginho Greene	Amsterdam
place of birth	Marcin Robak (born November 29, 1982 in Legnica) is a Polish footballer (striker) playing currently for Lech Poznań.	Marcin Robak	Legnica
place of birth	Igor Sacharow-Ross (born 1947 in Khabarovsk) is a German-Russian visual artist who works in Cologne and Munich.	Igor Sacharow-Ross	Khabarovsk
place of birth	André Gedalge was born at 75 rue des Saints-Pères, in Paris, where he first worked as a bookseller and editor specializing in livres de prix for public schools.	André Gedalge	Paris
place of birth	Alfred Benjamin was born in Elberfeld, then a rapidly growing industrial town, today part of Wuppertal.	Alfred Benjamin	Elberfeld
place of birth	Coningsby Dawson (26 February 1883--10 August 1959) was an Anglo-American novelist and soldier, Canadian Field Artillery, born at High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, England.	Coningsby Dawson	High Wycombe
place of birth	Scott Franzke (born March 6, 1972 in Dallas, Texas) is the radio Play-by-play voice of the Philadelphia Phillies.	Scott Franzke	Dallas
place of birth	Tomasz Budzyński (born 2 October, 1962 in Tarnobrzeg) is Polish musician, painter and poet, the lead vocalist of the band Armia.	Tomasz Budzyński	Tarnobrzeg
place of birth	Alan Gough (born 10 March 1971 in Watford) is an Irish football player and manager.	Alan Gough	Watford
place of birth	Sudabeh Mohafez (Persian: سودابه محافظ‎‎, born 1963 in Tehran, Iran) is a German author.	Sudabeh Mohafez	Tehran
place of birth	Jo Bannister (born 31 July 1951 in Rochdale, Lancashire) is a British crime fiction novelist.	Jo Bannister	Rochdale
place of birth	Faye Gulini (born March 24, 1992) is a professional American snowboarder born in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Faye Gulini	Salt Lake City
place of birth	Giovanni Vavassori (born January 16, 1952 in Arcene, Bergamo) is an Italian football manager and former centre back, last in charge of Verona.	Giovanni Vavassori	Arcene
place of birth	Nicolas Haquin (born 15 December 1980 in Léhon) is a French footballer who plays as an attacker.	Nicolas Haquin	Léhon
place of birth	Tom Lister (born 21 June 1978 in Ingleton, North Yorkshire) is an English actor who is best known for his portrayal of villain Carl King in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale (2004--12).	Tom Lister	Ingleton, North Yorkshire
place of birth	Yuan Mei was born in Qiantang (錢塘, in modern Hangzhou), Zhejiang province, to a cultured family who had never before attained high office.	Yuan Mei	Hangzhou
place of birth	Jeff Hyslop (born May 30, 1951 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian musical theatre actor, singer, dancer, choreographer, and director.	Jeff Hyslop	Vancouver
place of birth	Rhys Huber (born June 24, 1986 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian voice actor.	Rhys Huber	North Vancouver
place of birth	Anna Vinnitskaya (Russian: Анна Валерьевна Винницкая, born 4 August 1983 in Novorossiysk) is a Russian pianist who won the 2007 Queen Elisabeth Music Competition.	Anna Vinnitskaya	Novorossiysk
place of birth	Gwendoline Butler, née Williams (19 August 1922 in South London, England. 5 January 2013) was a British writer of mystery fiction and romance novels since 1956, she also used the pseudonym Jennie Melville.	Gwendoline Butler	London
place of birth	V. T. Vijayan is a film editor who works mainly in Malayalam and Tamil films.	V. T. Vijayan	Tamil
place of birth	Mikhail Suprun Михаил Николаевич Супрун (born 5 April 1955 in Severodvinsk) is a Russian historian and professor of the Pomor State University named after M. V. Lomonosov.	Mikhail Suprun	Severodvinsk
place of birth	Luis Mariano was born in Irun, Spain on 13 August 1914, the son of a garagiste and taxi-driver and showed interest in singing as a child.	Luis Mariano	Irun
place of birth	Alice Coote was born in Frodsham, Cheshire, the daughter of the painter Mark Coote.	Alice Coote	Frodsham
place of birth	Leon Tol (born 14 January 1987 in Volendam) is a Dutch former professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Rijnsburgse Boys.	Leon Tol	Volendam
place of birth	Judith Wright was born in Armidale, New South Wales the eldest child of Phillip Wright and his first wife, Ethel, she spent most of her formative years in Brisbane and Sydney.	Judith Wright	Armidale
place of birth	Daniel Lipman is a writer and producer from Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Daniel Lipman	Baltimore
place of birth	Berta Cabral was born in the parish of São José, in Ponta Delgada, daughter of Jacinto Joaquim Almeida and Maria da Conceição Correia de Almeida.	Berta Cabral	São José
place of birth	Duilio Agostini (8 April 1926 in Mandello del Lario -- 12 April 2008) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Duilio Agostini	Mandello del Lario
place of birth	Azzouz Kara (born July 5, 1976 in Martigues) is a French retired professional footballer of Algerian descent.	Azzouz Kara	Martigues
place of birth	Aeschylus was born in c. 525 BC in Eleusis, a small town about 27 kilometers northwest of Athens, which is nestled in the fertile valleys of western Attica, though the date is most likely based on counting back forty years from his first victory in the Great Dionysia.	Aeschylus	Eleusis
place of birth	Zhong Hongyan (born November 29, 1978 in Tongxiang, Jiaxing, Zhejiang) is a Chinese sprint canoer who has competed since 1997.	Zhong Hongyan	Tongxiang
place of birth	Francesco Caruso (born July 16, 1982, in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is an American soccer player who last played for USL Second Division side Harrisburg City Islanders.	Francesco Caruso	Allentown
place of birth	Véronique Béliveau (born January 24, 1955 in Montreal, Quebec), originally Nicole Monique, is a Canadian actress and pop/rock singer who was nominated for a 1987 Juno Award for Female Vocalist of the Year.	Véronique Béliveau	Montreal
place of birth	Urmas Hepner (born 31 July 1964 in Tallinn) is a former Estonian footballer, who is currently coaching Levadia Tallinn's reserves, as well as working in the club's youth system.	Urmas Hepner	Tallinn
place of birth	Mikhail Lyubich (born 25 February 1959 in Kharkiv) is a mathematician who made important contribution to Holomorphic dynamics.	Mikhail Lyubich	Kharkiv
place of birth	Jofré Llançol i Escrivà, (b. c. 1390 - d. c. 1436 or 1437), also known as Jofré de Borja y Escrivà and Jofré de Borja y Doms, was a Spanish noble from Xàtiva, Kingdom of Valencia in the town of Borja, Zaragoza.	Jofré Llançol i Escrivà	Xàtiva
place of birth	Nelson Lee (born October 16, 1975, in Taipei, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese born Canadian actor who co-starred in the only season of Blade:	Nelson Lee	Taipei
place of birth	Moussa Abdelmadjid Tahraoui Douma (Arabic: عبدالمجيد طهراوي‎) (born February 24, 1981 in Chlef) is an Algerian professional footballer.	Abdelmadjid Tahraoui	Chlef
place of birth	Julio Cortázar was born on August 26, 1914, in Ixelles, a municipality of Brussels, Belgium.	Julio Cortázar	Ixelles
place of birth	Daniel Auster was born in Knihinin, a Galician town that is now a district of the city Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine.	Daniel Auster	Ivano-Frankivsk
place of birth	Stephen Coombs (born Birkenhead, July 11, 1960) is one of Britain's best known pianists and currently works with some of the world's foremost orchestras and conductors, as well as performing as a solo artist.	Stephen Coombs	Birkenhead
place of birth	Brian Gubby (born 17 April 1934 in Epsom, Surrey) is a British racehorse trainer and former racing driver from England.	Brian Gubby	Epsom
place of birth	Mezri Haddad (born 2 July 1961 in Le Kram) is a Tunisian journalist, writer, philosopher and diplomat.	Mezri Haddad	Le Kram
place of birth	Zsófia Bán (*September 23, 1957 in Rio de Janeiro) is a writer, literary historian, art and literature critic.	Zsófia Bán	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Miles Joseph (born May 2, 1974 in West Springfield, Massachusetts) is an American soccer manager and retired U.S. soccer player who earned three caps with the United States national soccer team.	Miles Joseph	West Springfield, Massachusetts
place of birth	Roberto Pinheiro da Silva (born January 9, 1983 in Parnamirim) is a Brazilian cyclist riding for Funvic Soul Cycles--	Roberto Pinheiro	Parnamirim
place of birth	Justin Scott (born August 26, 1986), better known by his stage name Big K.R.I.T., is an American rapper and record producer from Meridian, Mississippi.	Big K.R.I.T.	Meridian
place of birth	Heerak Jyoti Mahanta (Assamese: হীৰক জ্যোতি মহন্ত) was the deputy C-in-C of ULFA, the banned terrorist outfit of Assam.	Heerak Jyoti Mahanta	Assam
place of birth	Niyazi was born on August 20, 1912 in Tbilisi in a family of prominent Shusha musicians.	Niyazi	Tbilisi
place of birth	Annie Dookhan was born Annie Sadiyya Khan but took in San Fernando, Trinidad and Tobago in 1977.	Annie Dookhan	San Fernando
place of birth	Julian Nash (born March 1, 1983 in Oakland, California) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Santa Clara Sporting Men's Team in the Peninsula Soccer League and recently joined the prestigious coed varsity soccer club, The Lions, who have dominated Wednesday night soccer leagues in San Francisco for several years.	Julian Nash	Oakland
place of birth	Louis Bryant Tuckerman, III (November 28, 1915 -- May 19, 2002) was an American mathematician, born in Lincoln, Nebraska.	Bryant Tuckerman	Lincoln
place of birth	Mikheil Kobakhidze (Georgian: მიხეილ კობახიძე; born 5 April 1939 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian screenwriter, film director, actor and composer.	Mikheil Kobakhidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Günther Weidlinger (born April 5, 1978 in Braunau am Inn) is an Austrian long-distance runner who is a former 3000 metres steeplechase specialist but now competes in the marathon.	Günther Weidlinger	Braunau am Inn
place of birth	Bülent Korkmaz (born 24 November 1968 in Malatya), known by his nick names Büyük Kaptan and Cengaver --literally meaning Great Captain and The Warrior, respectively--, is a retired Turkish football centre back and current football manager.	Bülent Korkmaz	Malatya
place of birth	Jean Ralaimongo (1885--1944) was a teacher who came to prominence after campaigning to get the French government to give citizenship to the people of Madagascar.	Jean Ralaimongo	Madagascar
place of birth	He was born in Lille under the name of François Crespin, and entered the Carmelite order (Ancient Observance) in 1635 under the religious name of Franciscus Bonae Spei (Brother Francis of Good Hope).	Franciscus Bonae Spei	Lille
place of birth	Johann Georg Ziesenis (1716, Copenhagen - 4 March 1776, Hannover) was a German - Danish portrait painter.	Johann Georg Ziesenis	Copenhagen
place of birth	Born in Fasa (Fars Province) to a politically active family, Mohsen Kadivar completed his primary and secondary education in Shiraz before being admitted into electronics engineering at Shiraz University in 1977.	Mohsen Kadivar	Fasa
place of birth	Adil Hermach (Arabic: عادل هرماش‎; born 27 June 1986 in Nîmes) is a Moroccan footballer.	Adil Hermach	Nîmes
place of birth	Johann Baptist Beha (1815 - 1898) was a prestigious Black Forest clockmaker born in Oberbränd (Eisenbach).	Johann Baptist Beha	Eisenbach
place of birth	Ray Reyes León (born March 13, 1970 in New York City) is an American-born Puerto Rican singer who is a former member of Menudo.	Ray Reyes	New York City
place of birth	Daniil Sapljoshin (born 1 January 1980 in Tallinn) is an Estonian heavyweight kickboxer.	Daniil Sapljoshin	Tallinn
place of birth	Robin Byrd (born 6 April 1957) is an American former pornographic actress and the host of The Robin Byrd Show, which has appeared on Leased access cable television in New York City since 1977.	Robin Byrd	New York City
place of birth	Sergey Gorovoy (born 1975) is a Kazakhstani water polo player from Shymkent.	Sergey Gorovoy	Shymkent
place of birth	Moon Lee Choi-Fung (李賽鳳; born 14 February 1965) is a former Hong Kong actress who frequently played roles related to the action and martial arts genres in TV serials and films.	Moon Lee	Hong Kong
place of birth	Mário Cravo Neto (Salvador, April 20, 1947 -- Salvador, August 9, 2009) was a Brazilian photographer, sculptor and draughtsman.	Mário Cravo Neto	Salvador
place of birth	Raised by his grandmother, Mary Bratton, in New Castle, Delaware, near Wilmington, John Walter Bratton (sometimes spelled Bratten) was the son of John F. and Emma Bratton, of whom little is known.	John Walter Bratton	New Castle
place of birth	Đặng Trần Côn was born in Nhân Mục village (or Nhân Mọc), Thanh Trì district, (now Nhân Chính ward, Thanh Xuân district), Hanoi, around 1705-1710.	Đặng Trần Côn	Hanoi
place of birth	Cornelia Gröschel grew up as one of four children in an artistc family in Dresden.	Cornelia Gröschel	Dresden
place of birth	Griselda Andreatini, better known by the stage name Gilda Mignonette (Naples, 28 October 1890 - 8 June 1953), was a Neapolitan singer of international fame in the early 20th Century.	Gilda Mignonette	Naples
place of birth	Marcello Squarcialupi (Piombino c.1538-Alba Iulia 1599) was an Italian physician, astronomer, and Protestant exile in Basel, then a Unitarian exile in Transylvania.	Marcello Squarcialupi	Piombino
place of birth	Viktor Löwenfeld (Austria, birth date unknown), also spelled Victor Löwenfelt, was a former defending Austrian football player and trainer.	Viktor Löwenfeld	Austria
place of birth	Ben Goodger (born in London, England) is a Software Engineer, formerly employee of Netscape Communications Corporation and the Mozilla Foundation and former lead developer of the Firefox web browser.	Ben Goodger	London
place of birth	Alice Herz-Sommer, also known as Alice Sommer (26 November 1903 -- 23 February 2014), was a Prague-born Jewish pianist, music teacher, and supercentenarian who survived Theresienstadt concentration camp.	Alice Herz-Sommer	Prague
place of birth	Helen Joan Lowell (November 23, 1902-November 7, 1967) was a movie actress of the silent film era from Berkeley, California.	Joan Lowell	California
place of birth	Brian Abrahams (born 26 June 1947 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a jazz drummer and vocalist who started out working as a singer with local bands in South Africa.	Brian Abrahams	Cape Town
place of birth	Pierre-Henri Raphanel (born 27 May 1961 in Algiers, Algeria) is a former French racing driver.	Pierre-Henri Raphanel	Algiers
place of birth	Stephen Low (born 1950 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter who works extensively in the IMAX and IMAX 3D film formats.	Stephen Low	Ottawa
place of birth	David Lockington (born 1956, Dartford) is music director laureate of the Grand Rapids Symphony, a regional orchestra located in Grand Rapids, Michigan, U.S..	David Lockington	Dartford
place of birth	Andrey Volkov (born May 22, 1986 in Chusovoy) is a Russian freestyle skier, specializing in moguls.	Andrey Volkov	Chusovoy
place of birth	Cui Ren (Chinese: 崔仁; pinyin: Cuī Rén; Hangul: 최인; born 19 January 1989 in Yanji) is a Chinese footballer of Korean descent who currently plays for Yanbian Changbaishan in the Chinese Super League.	Cui Ren	Yanji
place of birth	Joseph Reinagle, the son of a German musician resident in England, was born in Portsmouth in 1762.	Joseph Reinagle	Portsmouth
place of birth	Etta Britt (Melissa Prewitt, born Lancaster, Kentucky) is a Nashville-based R&B, soul and blues vocalist.	Etta Britt	Lancaster, Kentucky
place of birth	Augustus Frederic Scott (1854--1936) a Norwich based Architect who was born in 1854 in the Breckland village of Rockland St Peter, Norfolk.	Augustus Frederic Scott	Rockland St Peter
place of birth	Harriet Shaw Weaver was born in Frodsham, Cheshire, the sixth of eight children of Frederic Poynton Weaver, a doctor, and Mary (née Wright) Weaver, a wealthy heiress.	Harriet Shaw Weaver	Cheshire
place of birth	Anton Fig (born 8 August 1952 in Cape Town, South Africa), known as ``The Thunder from Down Under'', is a South African/American session drummer, noted for his work in David Letterman's house band, the CBS Orchestra.	Anton Fig	Cape Town
place of birth	Goran Đukić or Djukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Гopaн Ђукић ;born November 6, 1970 in Banja Luka) is a Bosnian Serb retired football player.	Goran Đukić	Banja Luka
place of birth	Normand Poirier was born to French Canadian parents Raoul Rene Poirier and Therese LaPointe Poirier in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Normand Poirier	Worcester
place of birth	Thomas Jeier (born 24 April 1947 in Minden) was raised in Frankfurt and started writing prose as a student.	Thomas Jeier	Minden
place of birth	Ernst Rüdin (April 19, 1874 in St. Gallen -- October 22, 1952) was a Swiss-born German psychiatrist, geneticist, eugenicist and Nazi.	Ernst Rüdin	St. Gallen
place of birth	Eva Twardokens (born April 28, 1965 in Reno, Nevada) is a former alpine ski racer.	Eva Twardokens	Reno
place of birth	Marc Acito (born January 11, 1966 in Bayonne, New Jersey) is an award winning American playwright, novelist, and humorist.	Marc Acito	Bayonne, New Jersey
place of birth	Abu Mansur Mauhub al-Jawaliqi (1073--1145), Arab grammarian, was born in Baghdad, where he studied philology under Tibrizi and became famous for his handwriting.	Abu Mansur Mauhub al-Jawaliqi	Baghdad
place of birth	Benjamin Orr was born in Lakewood, Ohio to parents of Polish, Russian, Czechoslovakian and German descent, who actively supported his musical endeavors.	Benjamin Orr	Lakewood
place of birth	Hassan Kachloul (Arabic: حسان كشلول‎) (born 19 February 1973 in Agadir) is a retired Moroccan footballer.	Hassan Kachloul	Agadir
place of birth	Born in Inglewood, California, to Leslie Burrell and Trent Grandberry, Omarion is the oldest of seven children.	Omarion	Inglewood
place of birth	Fan Lingjiang (Chinese: 范凌江; born 8 October 1989 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua.	Fan Lingjiang	Shanghai
place of birth	Arnaud Boiteau (born 7 November 1973 in Angers) is a French equestrian and Olympic champion.	Arnaud Boiteau	Angers
place of birth	Mishigiin Sonompil was born in Tes sum, Uvs Aimag (province).	Mishigiin Sonompil	Tes
place of birth	Felix von Hartmann was born in Münster, the child of the second marriage of government official Albert von Hartmann.	Felix von Hartmann	Münster
place of birth	Shen Si (Chinese: 申思) (born 1 May 1973 in Shanghai) is a former Chinese international footballer who played as a left midfielder where he gained a reputation for his technical and free kick skills, which saw him become a runner-up in the 2004 Free Kick Masters.	Shen Si	Shanghai
place of birth	Tim Mertens (born 7 February 1986 in Mechelen) is a former Belgian professional racing cyclist.	Tim Mertens	Mechelen
place of birth	Claudia Schoppmann (b. 1958, 17 February, in Stuttgart) is a German historian and author.	Claudia Schoppmann	Stuttgart
place of birth	Florian Süssmayr (born 1963 in Munich) is a German painter from Munich.	Florian Süssmayr	Munich
place of birth	Sierra Fellers (born December 30, 1986, Whitefish, Montana) is a professional skateboarder, who skates for Venture Trucks, FKD Bearings, Bones Wheels, Rpm Auto Sales, Vestal Watches, Spirit Skateshop (of Kalispell, Montana) and CCS magazine.	Sierra Fellers	Whitefish, Montana
place of birth	Niccolò Paganini was born in Genoa, then capital of the Republic of Genoa, the third of the six children of Antonio and Teresa (née Bocciardo) Paganini.	Niccolò Paganini	Genoa
place of birth	Yannick Fischer, born 17 December 1974 in Sainte-Foy-la-Grande is a former French football player, last with Chamois Niortais.	Yannick Fischer	Sainte-Foy-la-Grande
place of birth	Benny de Weille (March 6, 1915, Lübeck - December 17, 1977, Westerland) was a German swing jazz clarinetist and bandleader.	Benny de Weille	Lübeck
place of birth	Nuno Resende is a Portuguese singer, born June 25, 1973 in Porto, Portugal.	Nuno Resende	Porto
place of birth	Robert Longo was born in 1953 in Brooklyn, New York and raised in Long Island.	Robert Longo	Brooklyn
place of birth	Alexey Korolev (Kazakh: Алексей Королев) (born June 20, 1987 in Almaty, Soviet Union) is a Kazakhstani ski jumper who has competed since 2004.	Alexey Korolev	Almaty
place of birth	Nazmi Gripshi (born 5 July 1997 in Durrës) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga.	Nazmi Gripshi	Durrës
place of birth	Johann August Ephraim Goeze (28 May 1731--27 June 1793) was a German zoologist from Aschersleben.	Johann August Ephraim Goeze	Aschersleben
place of birth	Nicholson Baker was born in 1957 in New York City and spent much of his youth in the Rochester, New York area.	Nicholson Baker	New York City
place of birth	Athanasios N. Miaoulis (Greek: Αθανάσιος Ν. Μιαούλης, 1868-1932) was a Greek naval officer and politician, serving several times as Navy Minister and briefly as the Mayor of Piraeus.	Athanasios N. Miaoulis	Piraeus
place of birth	John Pisto, also known as Chef John Pisto, (born January 20, 1940) is an American culinary arts chef and host of Monterey's Cooking, a daily program which is aired five times a week on the AmericanLife (ALN) Network as well as the Comcast Cable Network.	John Pisto	Monterey
place of birth	Jüri Tamm (born 5 February 1957 in Pärnu) is a former Estonian hammer thrower.	Jüri Tamm	Pärnu
place of birth	Claire Sherman (born 1981, Oberlin, Ohio) is an American painter currently living and working in New York City.	Claire Sherman	Oberlin
place of birth	Tim Maia (Portuguese pronunciation: (tʃĩ majɐ); September 28, 1942 -- March 15, 1998), born Sebastião Rodrigues Maia in Rio de Janeiro city, was a Brazilian musician, songwriter and businessman known for his iconoclastic, ironic, outspoken, and humorous musical style.	Tim Maia	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Robert Stephen (born 27 June 1984 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional snooker player.	Robert Stephen	Glasgow
place of birth	(Mrs.) Karle Wilson Baker (1878--1960) was an American poet and author, born in Little Rock, Ark. to Kate Florence Montgomery Wilson and William Thomas Murphey Wilson.	Karle Wilson Baker	Little Rock
place of birth	Hasan Turkmani was born in Aleppo in 1935 into a Turkmen family.	Hasan Turkmani	Aleppo
place of birth	Irina Cherniaeva (Russian: Ирина Черняева; born October 29, 1955 in Moscow) is a Russian pair skater who competed for the Soviet Union.	Irina Cherniaeva	Moscow
place of birth	Iris Kroes (born 11 November 1992 in Drachten) is a Dutch singer-songwriter and harpist (She was called Harpmeisje (Dutch for Harp Girl)).	Iris Kroes	Drachten
place of birth	Born in Leinster, Deicolus studied at Bangor.	Deicolus	Leinster
place of birth	Vladislav Ardzinba was born in the village of Lower Eshera, Sukhumi District, Abkhaz ASSR, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.	Vladislav Ardzinba	Sukhumi District
place of birth	John Catsimatidis was born on the Greek island of Nisyros on September 7, 1948.	John Catsimatidis	Nisyros
place of birth	Sophie Duarte (born 31 July 1981 in Rodez, Aveyron) is a French runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Sophie Duarte	Rodez
place of birth	Susan Seidelman (born December 11, 1952, Philadelphia) is an American film director, producer and writer.	Susan Seidelman	Philadelphia
place of birth	Kevin DeYoung was born in South Holland, Illinois and largely grew up in Jenison, Michigan where his parents worked with Christian radio.	Kevin DeYoung	South Holland
place of birth	Otto Felix Kanitz (* 5 February 1894, in Vienna; † 29 March 1940, in Buchenwald) was an Austrian socialist, journalist and educator.	Otto Felix Kanitz	Vienna
place of birth	Łukasz Michalski (born August 2, 1988 in Bydgoszcz) is a retired Polish pole vaulter.	Łukasz Michalski	Bydgoszcz
place of birth	Serhiy Kovalyov (Ukrainian: Сергій Миколайович Ковальов; 21 November 1971 in Donetsk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) was a Ukrainian professional footballer and currently is football manager.	Serhiy Kovalyov	Donetsk Oblast
place of birth	Susan Deacon (born 2 February 1964, Musselburgh) is a Scottish public figure who operates across the spheres of education, business, and the not-for-profit sector, and is an independent adviser on public policy, governance and strategic leadership.	Susan Deacon	Musselburgh
place of birth	Shmuel Niger was born Shmuel Ṭsharni on 15 June 1883 in Dukora, a small village in Minsk Governorate, to Zev Volf and Brokhe Tsharni (née Hurwitz).	Shmuel Niger	Minsk Governorate
place of birth	Alice Catherine Evans was born on a farm in Neath, Bradford County, Pennsylvania to William Howell, a farmer and surveyor, and Anne B. Evans, a teacher.	Alice Catherine Evans	Bradford County
place of birth	Tommy Moroney (10 November 1923 in Cork, Ireland -- 2 May 1981) is a former Irish soccer and rugby union player.	Tommy Moroney	Cork
place of birth	Mie Nakao (Japanese: 中尾 ミエ ; Kokura, 6 June 1946) is a Japanese actress and singer.	Mie Nakao	Kokura
place of birth	Smith Wigglesworth was born on 8 June 1859 in Menston, Yorkshire, England, to an impoverished family.	Smith Wigglesworth	Yorkshire
place of birth	Philippe Nicolet, born January 4, 1953 in Lausanne, is a Swiss film director of both documentaries and fiction.	Philippe Nicolet	Lausanne
place of birth	Aymer de Valence, 2nd Earl of Pembroke (c. 1275 -- 23 June 1324) was a Franco-English nobleman.	Aymer de Valence, 2nd Earl of Pembroke	1275
place of birth	Hubert Bourdot (30 October 1861 -- 30 September 1937) was a French Roman Catholic priest and mycologist who was a native of Imphy, a community in the department of Nièvre.	Hubert Bourdot	Imphy
place of birth	Raphi Cohen (in Hebrew: רפי כהן, born 1975 Jerusalem) is an Israeli chef.	Raphi Cohen	Jerusalem
place of birth	Froma Harrop (born March 18, 1950 in New York City) is an American writer and author.	Froma Harrop	New York City
place of birth	Patricia A. Madrid (born 1947) is an American politician and the former Attorney General for the U.S. state of New Mexico.	Patricia A. Madrid	New Mexico
place of birth	Frank De Bleeckere (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈfrɑŋk də ˈbleːkərə), born 1 July 1966 in Oudenaarde) is a Belgian former football referee.	Frank De Bleeckere	Oudenaarde
place of birth	Rolf Magener was born in Odessa on 3 August 1910 to a German businessman father and a Russian mother.	Rolf Magener	Odessa
place of birth	Charles Mortram Sternberg was born in Lawrence, Kansas, from a family of famous American fossil collectors.	Charles Mortram Sternberg	Lawrence
place of birth	Rainis was born on ``Varslavāni'' farm, Dunava parish in Jēkabpils municipality.	Rainis	Jēkabpils
place of birth	Hans Heinrich XV von Hochberg (Polish: Jan Henryk XV, 23 April 1861 - 31 January 1938) was Prince of Pless (Pszczyna), Count von Hochberg and Baron of Fürstenstein (Książ).	Hans Heinrich XV von Hochberg	Pszczyna
place of birth	Márcio Diogo Lobato Rodrigues or simply Márcio Diogo (born September 22, 1985 in Pinheiro-MA), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder, currently playing for São Bernardo.	Márcio Diogo	Pinheiro
place of birth	Romain Sicard (born 1 January 1988 in Bayonne) is a French professional racing cyclist, for Team Europcar.	Romain Sicard	Bayonne
place of birth	Jack Splash is an American recording artist, musician, songwriter, and record producer from the Los Angeles, California area.	Jack Splash	Los Angeles
place of birth	Antonio Carafa was born in Naples to Rinaldo I Carafello Carafa, a local patrician, and Giovanna of the signori of Montefalcone.	Antonio Carafa	Naples
place of birth	Aleksa Gajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Алекса Гајић, born May 20, 1974, Belgrade) is a Serbian comics artist and film director.	Aleksa Gajić	Belgrade
place of birth	Pavle Đurišić was born on 9 July 1909 in Podgorica, Principality of Montenegro, where he was raised until the death of his father Ilija.	Pavle Đurišić	Podgorica
place of birth	Rayford Barnes (October 23, 1920 - November 11, 2000) was an American film and TV character actor from Whitesboro, Texas who appeared in films, mainly westerns, such as Hondo, The Burning Hills, Fort Massacre, The Wild Bunch, The Hunting Party, and Cahill U.S. Marshal.	Rayford Barnes	Whitesboro
place of birth	Kevin Randall (born 20 August 1945 in Ashton-under-Lyne, England) is a former footballer and manager and currently chief scout at Leeds United.	Kevin Randall	Ashton-under-Lyne
place of birth	Thomas Jefferson was born on April 13, 1743 (April 2, 1743 OS), at the family home in Shadwell in the Colony of Virginia, the third of ten children.	Thomas Jefferson	Shadwell
place of birth	Frank Hahn was born on 26 April 1925 in Berlin to Czech parents.	Frank Hahn	Berlin
place of birth	Hugo Rifkind was born 1977 in Edinburgh, the son of Conservative Party politician, Malcolm and his wife Edith Rifkind.	Hugo Rifkind	Edinburgh
place of birth	Merily Toom (born 20 August 1994) is an Estonian football player, who plays as a striker for Naiste Meistriliiga club Flora Tallinn and the Estonia women's national football team.	Merily Toom	Estonia
place of birth	Billy Ohlsson (born 13 January 1954 in Stockholm) is a Swedish football commentator, former football manager and former footballer.	Billy Ohlsson	Stockholm
place of birth	Lazăr Comănescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈlazər koməˈnesku); born 6 June 1949, in Horezu, Vâlcea County) is a Romanian diplomat.	Lazăr Comănescu	Horezu
place of birth	Mir Sayyid Ali (Tabriz, 1510--1572) was a Persian illustrator and painter.	Mir Sayyid Ali	Tabriz
place of birth	François Van der Elst (born 1 December 1954 in Opwijk) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a right winger.	François Van der Elst	Opwijk
place of birth	Jan Felix Knobel (born 16 January 1989 in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe) is a German decathlete.	Jan Felix Knobel	Bad Homburg vor der Höhe
place of birth	Bruno Deletré (born on 30 April 1961 in Valenciennes) is a French banker and high-ranking official.	Bruno Deletré	Valenciennes
place of birth	Josef Kyrle (8 December 1880 -- 1926) was an Austrian pathologist and dermatologist who was a native of Schärding.	Josef Kyrle	Schärding
place of birth	Marcin Sasal (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmar.t͡ɕin ˈsa.sal); born 22 December 1970 in Skarżysko-Kamienna) is a Polish football manager and former footballer.	Marcin Sasal	Skarżysko-Kamienna
place of birth	Fredrik Isaksson (born 1971, in Stockholm), also known as ``Fredda'' or ``Flap'', is a Swedish bass gitarrist in Denied.	Fredrik Isaksson	Stockholm
place of birth	Sarah Jessica Parker was born in Nelsonville, Ohio, the daughter of Barbara Parker (née Keck), a nursery school operator and teacher, and Stephen Parker, an entrepreneur and journalist.	Sarah Jessica Parker	Nelsonville
place of birth	Omar Belatoui (Arabic: عمر بلعطوي‎; born in September 4, 1969 in Oran) is an Algerian football manager and former player.	Omar Belatoui	Oran
place of birth	Reinhold Würth (born 20 April 1935 in Öhringen, Württemberg) is a German businessman and art collector.	Reinhold Würth	Öhringen
place of birth	Deborah Carthy-Deu was born on January 5, 1966 in the Santurce district of San Juan, Puerto Rico to Ramón Carthy Sanchez and Vicky Sanz Deu, of Irish and of Puerto Rican descent.	Deborah Carthy-Deu	Santurce
place of birth	Frej Liewendahl (22 October 1902, Jomala -- 31 January 1966) was a Finnish track and field athlete.	Frej Liewendahl	Jomala
place of birth	Eva Bosáková-Hlaváčková, née Věchtová (18 December 1931 in Mladá Boleslav -- 10 November 1991 in Prague) was a Czech gymnast whose career spanned at least from the 1954 World Championships to the 1962 World Championships.	Eva Bosáková	Mladá Boleslav
place of birth	Ravindra Rupasena (Sinhala:රවීන්ද්‍ර රූපසේන) was one of Sri Lanka's popular Sri Lankan film actors in 1950s.	Ravindra Rupasena	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Sven Kums (26 February 1988 in Asse) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays in the Belgian Pro League for Gent.	Sven Kums	Asse
place of birth	Johnny Lozada Correa (born December 21, 1967 in Caguas, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican singer, actor, host, and television personality.	Johnny Lozada	Caguas
place of birth	Vito Genovese was born on November 27, 1897, in Risigliano, a frazione in the commune of Tufino, near Naples, in Italy.	Vito Genovese	Tufino
place of birth	Domingo Mercante (June 11, 1898 -- February 21, 1976) was an Argentine military officer and governor of the province of Buenos Aires.	Domingo Mercante	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Jörg Waschinski (Berlin, 1966) is a German countertenor.	Jörg Waschinski	Berlin
place of birth	Santo Araniti (Reggio Calabria, April 25, 1947) is an Italian criminal and a member of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type criminal organisation in Calabria.	Santo Araniti	Reggio Calabria
place of birth	Maurice A. de Gosson (born 13 March 1948), (also known as Maurice Alexis de Gosson de Varennes) is an Austrian mathematician and mathematical physicist, born in 1948 in Berlin.	Maurice A. de Gosson	Berlin
place of birth	Lowell Steward (February 25, 1919 -- December 17, 2014) was born in Los Angeles and was a member of the Tuskegee Airmen who flew missions during World War II. For his service, he received the Distinguished Flying Cross and other medals.	Lowell Steward	Los Angeles
place of birth	Britt Max Mayfield (born September 19, 1948 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a meteorologist who served as the director of the National Hurricane Center from 2000 to 2007.	Max Mayfield	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Francisco Rithely da Silva Sousa, born in Maranhão, is a Brazilian footballer.	Francisco Rithely	Maranhão
place of birth	Janet Benshoof (born 1947, in Detroit Lakes, Minnesota) is an American human rights lawyer, and President of the Global Justice Center.	Janet Benshoof	Detroit Lakes
place of birth	Nicolae Pantea (born 12 February 1946 in Beliu, Arad County) is a Romanian former football player and manager, a glory of Steaua Bucureşti.	Nicolae Pantea	Beliu
place of birth	Godefroid Kurth (11 May 1847, Arlon -- 4 January 1916) was a celebrated Belgian historian.	Godefroid Kurth	Arlon
place of birth	Tom Mangold was born in Hamburg and came to Britain as a child, attending Dorking County Grammar School.	Tom Mangold	Hamburg
place of birth	Rubén Martínez Villena was a Cuban writer and revolutionary leader, born on December 20, 1899 in Alquízar, in the La Habana province.	Rubén Martínez Villena	Alquízar
place of birth	Steve Franks is an American screenwriter and musician based in Orange County, California.	Steve Franks	Orange County
place of birth	Born in Copenhagen, Andreas Møller was the first Danish painter of international standing.	Andreas Møller	Copenhagen
place of birth	Emo of Friesland (ca. 1175, probably in Fivelingo - 1237, Wittewierum) was a Frisian scholar, and the earliest foreign student studying at Oxford University whose name has survived.	Emo of Friesland	Fivelingo
place of birth	Ken Medema (born Kenneth Peter Medema on December 7, 1943, in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a composer-singer-songwriter who has been performing in the United States, Canada, and Europe for more than forty years.	Ken Medema	Grand Rapids
place of birth	Benjamin Bosse (November 1, 1875 -- April 22, 1922) was the mayor of Evansville, Indiana, from 1912 until his death in 1922.	Benjamin Bosse	Evansville
place of birth	Alexandre Vauthier (born 30 November 1971 in Agen) is a French haute couture fashion designer.	Alexandre Vauthier	Agen
place of birth	Benz Antoine (born Rubens Antoine on June 22, 1972 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Haitian-Canadian television and movie actor.	Benz Antoine	Montreal
place of birth	Robert J. Shaw (born in Pewaukee, Wisconsin) was an American television writer with 39 credits and teacher of screenwriting at UCLA.	Robert J. Shaw	Pewaukee
place of birth	Michel Bissonnet, MNA (born March 28, 1942 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian politician who served as Liberal member and President (House Speaker) of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Michel Bissonnet	Montreal
place of birth	Stéphane Samson (born September 3, 1975 in Bernay) is a French football (soccer) striker.	Stéphane Samson	Bernay
place of birth	Stephan Schulz-Winge (born September 13, 1974, in Neuss) is a German former footballer.	Stephan Schulz-Winge	Neuss
place of birth	Rama Narayanan was an MLA from the Karaikudi constituency in 1989 and the chairman of Iyal Isai Nataka Mandram in 1996.	Rama Narayanan	Karaikudi
place of birth	Mary Ritter Beard (August 5, 1876, Indianapolis, Indiana -- August 14, 1958) was an American historian and archivist, who played an important role in the women's suffrage movement and was a lifelong advocate of social justice through educational and activist roles in both the labor and woman's rights movements.	Mary Ritter Beard	Indianapolis
place of birth	Ismail Mahmoud Mardanli (Arabic: اسماعيل محمود ماردنلي ‎) (born January 8, 1987 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Umm Salal in the Qatar Stars League.	Ismail Mahmoud	Aleppo
place of birth	Andrea Vötter (born April 3, 1995 in Brixen) is an Italian luger.	Andrea Vötter	Brixen
place of birth	Libero Andreotti (June 18, 1875, Pescia -- April 4, 1933) was an Italian sculptor, illustrator and ceramics artist.	Libero Andreotti	Pescia
place of birth	Danny Lau Dan (Chinese: 劉丹; born 18 November 1942) is a Hong Kong actor.	Lau Dan	Hong Kong
place of birth	Philip Delano was baptized in the Waloon church of Leiden, Holland on November 6, 1603.	Philip Delano	Leiden
place of birth	René Strehler (born April 13, 1934 in Affoltern am Albis) is a Swiss former professional racing cyclist.	René Strehler	Affoltern am Albis
place of birth	Maria Hart (born May 28, 1923, Los Angeles, California died August 9, 2012, Canoga Park, California) was an actress under contract to MGM from 1941 to 1948.	Maria Hart	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ricardo Rossel Sirot (12 May 1841 in Lima -- 6 December 1909 in Barranco) was a Peruvian author, poet, politician, scholar, and entrepreneur, and the founder of the Club Literario de Lima.	Ricardo Rossel	Lima
place of birth	Jesper Bank (born 6 April 1957 in Fredericia) is a Danish sailor and Olympic champion.	Jesper Bank	Fredericia
place of birth	Joydeep Karmakar (born December 7, 1979 in Kolkata, West Bengal) is an Indian shooter.	Joydeep Karmakar	Kolkata
place of birth	Courtney George (born June 24, 1986) is an American curler from Duluth, Minnesota.	Courtney George	Duluth
place of birth	Carl Lebrecht Udo Dammer (born January 8, 1860 in Apolda, died November 15, 1920 in Großrambin near Kołobrzeg) was a German botanist.	Carl Lebrecht Udo Dammer	Apolda
place of birth	Enrique Peñalosa Londoño (born September 30, 1954, Washington, D.C.) is a Colombian politician who was mayor of Bogotá from 1998 until 2001, and was re-elected in 2015 for the 2016--2019 term.	Enrique Peñalosa	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Soledad Fandiño (born 7 April 1982, Flores, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine stage, television and film actress.	Soledad Fandiño	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Pedro Portugal (Castelo Branco, 12 August 1963) is a Portuguese artist, with a wide production.	Pedro Portugal	Castelo Branco
place of birth	Major-General Sir John Frederick Maurice (1841--1912) was an English soldier, born in London.	John Frederick Maurice	London
place of birth	Huang Yongsheng was born in Xianning prefecture (now, prefecture-level city) of Hubei province.	Huang Yongsheng	Xianning
place of birth	Wu Yuyin (Chinese: 吴禹寅; Pinyin: Wú Yǔyín; born 8 January 1990 in Liuzhou) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Yifang in the China League One.	Wu Yuyin	Liuzhou
place of birth	Virgil Spier (born January 8, 1981 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch athlete who started at the decathlon, but who is currently active mainly as a sprinter and a hurdler.	Virgil Spier	Amsterdam
place of birth	Pasquale Foti (3 February 1950 in Reggio Calabria) is an entrepreneur, and president of Reggina Calcio.	Pasquale Foti	Reggio Calabria
place of birth	Gregson Hazell (born 31 December 1991) is a Vincentian footballer and a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines U-20 international, and also plays for the senior team.	Gregson Hazell	Saint Vincent
place of birth	Plaxico Burress, named after his uncle, was born to Vicki Burress (now deceased) in Norfolk, Virginia, United States.	Plaxico Burress	Norfolk
place of birth	Stephen Hague (born Portland, Maine, 1953) is an American music producer most active with various British acts in the 1980s.	Stephen Hague	Portland
place of birth	Thomas W. Lynch (born February 25, 1956 in Los Angeles, California) is an American television series creator and executive producer who is the head of his own production company, Tom Lynch Company (previously Lynch Entertainment which is owned by Lynch Pictures) based in Los Angeles, CA.	Thomas W. Lynch	Los Angeles
place of birth	He was born Joseph Cotter Smith in Washington, D.C., the son of Madeline (née Cotter) and John Lewis Smith, Jr., who was a federal judge.	Cotter Smith	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Christian Knaut (August 16, 1656 -- April 11, 1716) was a German physician, botanist and librarian born in Halle an der Saale.	Christian Knaut	Halle
place of birth	Felix Schramm (*1970 in Hamburg) is a German artist who lives and works in Düsseldorf.	Felix Schramm	Hamburg
place of birth	Don Ewell (November 14, 1916 -- August 9, 1983) was an American jazz stride pianist born in Baltimore, Maryland, perhaps best known for his work with several prominent New Orleans--based musicians such as Sidney Bechet, Kid Ory, George Lewis, George Brunis, Muggsy Spanier and Bunk Johnson.	Don Ewell	Baltimore
place of birth	Manopsak Kram (born 27 November 1988 in Alor Setar, Kedah) is a Malaysian footballer and younger brother of footballer Samransak Kram.	Manopsak Kram	Alor Setar
place of birth	Born in Patty Hill, Hanover, Jamaica, to parents who are both preachers, Doña Croll moved to the UK at the age of five.	Doña Croll	Jamaica
place of birth	José Bravo Domínguez (18 November 1916 -- 1993) was a Spanish footballer born in Ceuta, 18 November 1916.	José Bravo	Ceuta
place of birth	Kostas Giotas, (Greek: Κώστας Γιώτας;) born 18 February 1980 in Trikala, Thessalia, is a Greek professional football player who last played as a Centre Back for AEL 1964 FC.	Kostas Giotas	Trikala
place of birth	Friedrich Gottlob Keller (born June 27, 1816 in Hainichen, Saxony -- died September 8, 1895 in Krippen, Saxony) was a German machinist and inventor, who (at the same time as Charles Fenerty) invented the wood pulp process for the use in papermaking.	Friedrich Gottlob Keller	Hainichen
place of birth	Kevin Trabalka (born 28 November 1996 in Arad) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a Striker for Liga II club Râmnicu Vâlcea on loan from Dinamo București.	Kevin Trabalka	Arad
place of birth	Lucas Cruz Senra (born on 26 December 1974 in Barcelona) is a Spanish computer engineer, mostly known as a rally racing co-driver and experienced navigator.	Lucas Cruz	Barcelona
place of birth	Jeff Noon (born 1957 in Droylsden, Greater Manchester, England) is a novelist, short story writer and playwright whose works make use of word play and fantasy.	Jeff Noon	Droylsden
place of birth	Jesús Manuel Ramos Otero was born in Manatí, Puerto Rico, and spent his childhood in his home town, living in the second location of the old building of the Puerto Rican Casino of Manatí.	Manuel Ramos Otero	Manatí
place of birth	Dinarchus or Dinarch (Greek: Δείναρχος; Corinth, c. 361 -- c. 291 BCE) was a logographer (speech writer) in Ancient Greece.	Dinarchus	Corinth
place of birth	Morey Feld (August 15, 1915 -- March 28, 1971) was an American jazz drummer born in Cleveland, Ohio, perhaps best known for his work with the bands of Ben Pollack (1936), Benny Goodman (1943--1945), Eddie Condon (1946), Bobby Hackett and Billy Butterfield.	Morey Feld	Cleveland
place of birth	Roberto Carlos Mario Gómez (born February 27, 1957 in Mar del Plata) is a football manager and former Argentine footballer who is the current head coach of Johor Darul Takzim FC in Malaysian Super League.	Roberto Carlos Mario Gómez	Mar del Plata
place of birth	Romik Khachatryan (Armenian: Ռոմիկ Խաչատրյան, born on 23 August 1978 in Yerevan) is an Armenian retired football player.	Romik Khachatryan	Yerevan
place of birth	Leandro Gelpi (born 27 February 1991) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who currently plays for Racing Club de Montevideo on loan from Peñarol.	Leandro Gelpi	Montevideo
place of birth	Brett Beavers (born in Waco, Texas), is an American country music songwriter and producer and the co-author of the book Something Worth Leaving Behind.	Brett Beavers	Waco
place of birth	Nikola Vasilić (born January 30, 1989 in Belgrade, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer who most recently played for San Antonio Scorpions in the North American Soccer League.	Nikola Vasilić	Belgrade
place of birth	Ernest Ačkun was born in Hrastnik, Slovenia, which was then part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Ernest Ačkun	Hrastnik
place of birth	Gemma Craven's family moved from Dublin to England in 1960, and she attended the same school as Helen Mirren, St Bernard's Convent High School for Girls in Westcliff-on-Sea in Essex.	Gemma Craven	Dublin
place of birth	Stepan Sarkisyan (Armenian: Ստէփան Սարգսյան, born September 15, 1962 in Vanadzor, Armenian SSR) is a former Freestyle wrestler for the Soviet Union of Armenian descent.	Stepan Sarkisyan	Vanadzor
place of birth	Robert Karplus was born in Vienna, where he lived until the German occupation of Austria in 1938.	Robert Karplus	Vienna
place of birth	Anti Kuus (born December 29, 1956 in Saaremaa) is an Estonian entrepreneur and photographer.	Anti Kuus	Saaremaa
place of birth	Maung Maung Ta (Mohammed Shafi Ata Sherazee haj) was born on January 9, 1926 in Mandalay, Upper Burma.	Maung Maung Ta	Mandalay
place of birth	Angus Stone was born on 27 April 1986 and grew in Sydney.	Angus Stone	Sydney
place of birth	Wesley Cotton (born 9 June 1977 in Wigan) is an English former professional rugby league footballer.	Wesley Cotton	Wigan
place of birth	Georges Fragerolle was born on 11 March 1855 in Paris, the son of wealthy merchants.	Georges Fragerolle	Paris
place of birth	Gaspard Goyrand (1803-1866) was a French general practitioner, surgeon and politician from Aix-en-Provence.	Gaspard Goyrand	Aix-en-Provence
place of birth	Frances Wisebart Jacobs (March 29, 1843 -- November 3, 1892) was born in Harrodsburg, Kentucky, to Bavarian immigrants and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Frances Wisebart Jacobs	Harrodsburg, Kentucky
publisher	The Dwarves of Rockhome was written by Aaron Allston, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian, and was published by TSR in 1988 as a 96-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder.	The Dwarves of Rockhome	TSR
publisher	Collier Books, 1962, 190 pp. OCLC 297464 The Heart of the Serpent.	The Heart of the Serpent	Collier Books
publisher	The Journal of Clinical Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal published 3 times a month by the American Society of Clinical Oncology.	Journal of Clinical Oncology	American Society of Clinical Oncology
publisher	Biological Trace Element Research is a journal established in 1979 and published by Springer Science+Business Media.	Biological Trace Element Research	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Virtua Tennis 2 (known as Tennis 2K2 in the United States and Power Smash 2 in Japan) is a sequel to Virtua Tennis that was released for the Sega Dreamcast, Sega NAOMI arcade unit and Sony's PlayStation 2 (known as Sega Sports Tennis) in 2001.	Virtua Tennis 2	Sega
publisher	Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal covering alternative medicine published by Hindawi Publishing Corporation.	Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine	Hindawi Publishing Corporation
publisher	The Wisconsin Law Review (Bluebook abbreviation: Wis. L. Rev.) is a bimonthly law review published by students at the University of Wisconsin Law School.	Wisconsin Law Review	University of Wisconsin Law School
publisher	Putt & Putter is a miniature golf game released for the Sega Master System in April 1992 and Sega Game Gear in December 1991.	Putt & Putter	Sega
publisher	Biochemistry and Cell Biology is a bi-monthly, peer-reviewed scientific journal of biochemistry and cell biology established in 1964 by NRC Research Press.	Biochemistry and Cell Biology	NRC Research Press
publisher	Silent Assault is an unlicensed game created for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Joy Van and published by Color Dreams.	Silent Assault	Color Dreams
publisher	Awesomenauts was announced for Xbox Live Arcade and Playstation Network on May 19, 2011 in a press release from publisher dtp entertainment.	Awesomenauts	dtp entertainment
publisher	Plena Vortaro de Esperanto (PV; English: Complete Dictionary of Esperanto) is a monolingual dictionary of the Esperanto language first published by the Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda (SAT) in 1930, largely considered the first truly comprehensive dictionary written entirely in Esperanto.	Plena Vortaro de Esperanto	Sennacieca Asocio Tutmonda
publisher	Paris 1313 is a video game released in 2001, developed by Dramaera and is a co-production between Canal+ Multimedia, RMN and Microïds.	Paris 1313	Canal+
publisher	The Journal of Clinical Pathology is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pathology, published by the BMJ Group on behalf of the Association of Clinical Pathologists.	Journal of Clinical Pathology	BMJ
publisher	Potty Painter is a computer game for the ZX Spectrum and released by Rabbit Software in 1983.	Potty Painter	Rabbit Software
publisher	The Annals of Applied Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics, covering all areas of statistics, featuring papers in the applied half of this range.	The Annals of Applied Statistics	Institute of Mathematical Statistics
publisher	LaVey's estranged daughter Zeena Schreck, in an exposé about both her father's religion and past, attributes the birth of The Satanic Bible to a suggestion by Peter Mayer, a publisher for Avon.	The Satanic Bible	Avon
publisher	Bassin's Black Bass with Hank Parker, known in Japan as Super Black Bass 2 (スーパーブラックバス２) is a 1994 tournament-based fishing video game developed by Starfish and published by Hot B for the Super NES.	Bassin's Black Bass with Hank Parker	Hot B
publisher	The Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential is published by the Union of International Associations (UIA) under the direction of Anthony Judge.	Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential	Union of International Associations
publisher	European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience is a peer-reviewed medical journal published 8 times a year by Springer Science+Business Media.	European Archives of Psychiatry and Clinical Neuroscience	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Tomcat Alley is an interactive movie FMV video game developed by The Code Monkeys for Sega CD.	Tomcat Alley	Sega
publisher	The World of Null-A appeared originally as a 1945 serial in the magazine Astounding Science Fiction, which was edited by John W. Campbell, Jr. Van Vogt revised and shortened the tale for the 1948 novel release by Simon & Schuster.	The World of Null-A	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Time Commando is an action-adventure computer and video game developed by Adeline Software and published by Electronic Arts in Europe, Activision in America (United States and Brazil), and Virgin Interactive (PlayStation version) and Acclaim Entertainment (Sega Saturn version) in Japan.	Time Commando	Electronic Arts
publisher	Sub Command, subtitled Akula Seawolf 688(I) is a submarine simulator computer game designed by Sonalysts Combat Simulations and published for Windows systems by Strategy First in 2001.	Sub Command	Strategy First
publisher	The Sea Around Us is a prize-winning and best-selling book by the American marine biologist Rachel Carson, first published as a whole by Oxford University Press in 1951.	The Sea Around Us	Oxford University Press
publisher	Rot & Ruin is a science fiction novel written by Jonathan Maberry and published by Simon & Schuster, set in the post-zombie apocalypse.	Rot & Ruin	Simon & Schuster
publisher	The Ring of Charon is a science fiction book by American writer Roger MacBride Allen, first published in 1990 by Tor Books.	The Ring of Charon	Tor Books
publisher	Cities of the Sun was written by Rich Baker, and was published by TSR in 1995.	Cities of the Sun	TSR
publisher	Anglican & Episcopal History is published quarterly (March, June, September, and December) by the Historical Society of the Episcopal Church, based in Austin, Texas.	Anglican & Episcopal History	Historical Society of the Episcopal Church
publisher	Elder Evils was authored by Robert J. Schwalb, with Jason Bulmahn, Greg Gorden, James Jacobs, Rhiannon Louve, Michael McArtor, and Anthony Pryor, and published by Wizards of the Coast in December 2007.	Elder Evils	Wizards of the Coast
publisher	It was released in North America on May 26, 2009 by Atlus under the title Crimson Gem Saga, and was released in Japan under the title Garnet Chronicle by Sega.	Crimson Gem Saga	Atlus
publisher	The Quest Trio is a video game for the Nintendo DS. It was published by Activision in 2008.	The Quest Trio	Activision
publisher	The Journal of Physical Organic Chemistry is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 1988 by John Wiley & Sons.	Journal of Physical Organic Chemistry	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Dead End in Norvelt is an autobiographical novel by the American author Jack Gantos, published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 2011.	Dead End in Norvelt	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
publisher	FIFA Football 2003, known as FIFA Soccer 2003 in North America, is an association football video game produced by Electronic Arts and released by EA Sports.	FIFA Football 2003	Electronic Arts
publisher	Ultimate Card Games is a game created by Telegames for the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS platforms.	Ultimate Card Games	Telegames
publisher	The Shroud of the Thwacker is a 2005 novel written by American author Chris Elliott and published by the Miramax Books in the United States.	The Shroud of the Thwacker	Miramax Books
publisher	``Holidays on Ice'' was re-released in October 2008 by publisher, Little, Brown & Company.	Holidays on Ice	Little, Brown & Company
publisher	The Doom Brigade is the first book in the Kang's Regiment series/The Chaos War series of the Dragonlance novels, written by Margaret Weis and Don Perrin, and is published by Wizards of the Coast.	The Doom Brigade	Wizards of the Coast
publisher	Dumb Witness is a detective fiction novel by British writer Agatha Christie, first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 5 July 1937 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year under the title of Poirot Loses a Client.	Dumb Witness	Collins Crime Club
publisher	The Journal of Food Science is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that was established in 1936 and is published by John Wiley & Sons on behalf of the Institute of Food Technologists in Chicago, Illinois.	Journal of Food Science	Institute of Food Technologists
publisher	The Canadian Geotechnical Journal has been published since 1963 by NRC Research Press.	Canadian Geotechnical Journal	NRC Research Press
publisher	The Murder House Trilogy is a three-part detective fiction mini-series in The Hardy Boys Undercover Brothers, published by Aladdin Paperbacks (an imprint of Simon & Schuster).	The Murder House Trilogy	Aladdin Paperbacks
publisher	Chuzzle is a tile-matching puzzle video game created by Raptisoft Games, and published by PopCap Games.	Chuzzle	PopCap Games
publisher	The Sinister Sign Post (later retitled The Sinister Signpost ) is Volume 15 in the original The Hardy Boys Mystery Stories published by Grosset & Dunlap.	The Sinister Signpost	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	The Journal of Business was an academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press.	The Journal of Business	University of Chicago Press
publisher	The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science was published in November 1909 in New York by Doubleday, Page & Company.	The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science	Doubleday
publisher	Very Bad Deaths (Baen Books, 2004, ISBN 0-7434-8861-X), is a science-fiction/suspense-mystery novel from Canadian science fiction author Spider Robinson.	Very Bad Deaths	Baen Books
publisher	The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in June 1926 in the United Kingdom by William Collins, Sons and in the United States by Dodd, Mead and Company on 19 June 1956.	The Murder of Roger Ackroyd	William Collins, Sons
publisher	Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation is a theme anthology of science fiction stories edited by Groff Conklin, published in hardcover by Vanguard Press in 1955.	Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation	Vanguard Press
publisher	Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, and Oral Radiology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in oral surgery, medicine, pathology, radiology, and endodontics published by Mosby.	Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology, and Oral Radiology	Mosby
publisher	The volumes of Likkutei Sichos are published by the Lubavitch Publication House Kehot Publication Society.	Likkutei Sichos	Kehot Publication Society
publisher	From Bauhaus to Our House was excerpted in Harper's magazine and published by Wolfe's long-time publisher Farrar, Straus & Giroux in 1981.	From Bauhaus to Our House	Farrar, Straus & Giroux
publisher	Elite Beat Agents is a music video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS handheld game console.	Elite Beat Agents	Nintendo
publisher	Marvel Premiere is an American comic book anthology series published by American company Marvel Comics.	Marvel Premiere	Marvel Comics
publisher	Ninja Five-O, known in PAL regions as Ninja Cop, is a video game for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance, released by Konami in 2003.	Ninja Five-O	Konami
publisher	Mass Spectrometry Reviews (usually abbreviated as Mass Spectrom. Rev.), is a peer-reviewed scientific journal, published since 1982 by John Wiley & Sons.	Mass Spectrometry Reviews	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Darby the Dragon is a children's PC video game developed by Capitol Multimedia, Inc., published by Brøderbund and released in 1996.	Darby the Dragon	Brøderbund
publisher	Although single-author story collections generally sell poorly, The Martian Way and Other Stories did well enough that Doubleday science fiction editor Walter I. Bradbury was willing to publish a second collection, Earth Is Room Enough, in 1957.	The Martian Way and Other Stories	Doubleday
publisher	A Life of Contrasts is an international bestseller by Diana Mitford (sister of novelist Nancy Mitford, journalist Jessica Mitford, and memoirist Deborah, Duchess of Devonshire) that was first published by Hamish Hamilton in 1977.	A Life of Contrasts	Hamish Hamilton
publisher	ChemPhysChem is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Wiley-VCH on behalf of eight out of sixteen chemical societies that form the ChemPubSoc Europe consortium.	ChemPhysChem	Wiley-VCH
publisher	Space Monster (known as Alien Invaders - Plus! in North America) is one of the games for the Philips Magnavox Odyssey², a console released in the 1970s as part of second-generation video game consoles.	Space Monster	Philips
publisher	Cabela's Monster Bass is a fishing video game published by Activision Value for the PlayStation 2.	Cabela's Monster Bass	Activision
publisher	The Border Legion is a 1916 Western novel written by Zane Grey, first published by Harper & Brothers in 1916.	The Border Legion	Harper
publisher	MX vs. ATV Reflex is an off-road racing video game developed by Rainbow Studios and published by THQ.	MX vs. ATV Reflex	THQ
publisher	Skool Daze is a computer game released by Microsphere in 1984 for the ZX Spectrum and Commodore 64 computers.	Skool Daze	Microsphere
publisher	R.I.P.D. The Game is a co-op third-person shooter video game developed by Old School Games and published by Atlus.	R.I.P.D. The Game	Atlus
publisher	The Indian Journal of Dental Research is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Society of Dental Research.	Indian Journal of Dental Research	Medknow Publications
publisher	Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair is a fantasy novel by William Morris, perhaps the first modern fantasy writer to unite an imaginary world with the element of the supernatural, and thus the precursor of much of present-day fantasy literature.	Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair	William Morris
publisher	Gunfright is an arcade adventure video game developed by Ultimate Play the Game and published by U.S. Gold.	Gunfright	Ultimate Play the Game
publisher	The Prisoner of Chillion was first published as The Prisoner of Chillon and Other Poems by John Murray on 5 December 1816.	The Prisoner of Chillon	John Murray
publisher	Dizzy Panic! (also known as Panic Dizzy) is a puzzle video game published in 1990 by Codemasters for the Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, Sega Master System and the Sega Game Gear.	Dizzy Panic!	Codemasters
publisher	FIFA Soccer 95 is a 1994 sports video game developed by EA Canada's Extended Play Productions team and published by Electronic Arts.	FIFA Soccer 95	Electronic Arts
publisher	The American Journal of Education is published quarterly by the University of Chicago Press.	American Journal of Education	University of Chicago
publisher	When Hodder & Stoughton republished The Happy Highwayman in 1963, however, some updates were done to parts of the texts.	The Happy Highwayman	Hodder & Stoughton
publisher	Texas Journal on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights (Bluebook abbreviation: Tex. J. C.L. & C.R.) is a biannual student-produced law review at the University of Texas School of Law (Austin, TX, United States).	Texas Journal on Civil Liberties & Civil Rights	University of Texas School of Law
publisher	Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX is a BMX video game endorsed by Mat Hoffman and published by Activision.	Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX	Activision
publisher	On October 27, 2009, Konami announced Frogger Returns being released on WiiWare and PlayStation Network.	Frogger Returns	Konami
publisher	The Seattle Journal for Social Justice is a peer-reviewed student-edited law journal of the Seattle University School of Law.	Seattle Journal for Social Justice	Seattle University School of Law
publisher	The Horns of Elfland was first published in April 1997 by Roc Books in paperback format.	The Horns of Elfland	Roc Books
publisher	Studies in Intelligence is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal on intelligence that is published by the Center for the Study of Intelligence, a group within the United States Central Intelligence Agency.	Studies in Intelligence	Central Intelligence Agency
publisher	Tarr Chronicles is a space combat simulation game developed by Quazar Studio and Akella and published by Paradox Interactive (AUS) and cdv Software.	Tarr Chronicles	Paradox Interactive
publisher	Super Cars is a top-view racing game from Gremlin Interactive, who later produced the Lotus series of games.	Super Cars	Gremlin Interactive
publisher	Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry was first published in 1973 by William Collins, Sons and Co. Ltd. It has since then been reprinted twice by New Directions, in 1985 and 2009 respectively.	Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry	William Collins, Sons
publisher	The Florida Review is a national, non-profit literary journal published twice a year by the College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Central Florida.	The Florida Review	University of Central Florida
publisher	WWF Attitude is a professional wrestling video game based on the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE) released by Acclaim Entertainment in 1999 for the PlayStation and Nintendo 64.	WWF Attitude	Acclaim Entertainment
publisher	The Resurrectionists was first published in Australia in 200 by HarperCollins in trade paperback format.	The Resurrectionists	HarperCollins
publisher	Besides, Battle of the Immortals is published by Joygame in Turkey since July, 2012.	Battle of the Immortals	Turkey
publisher	Colonel Sun is a novel by Kingsley Amis published by Jonathan Cape on 28 March 1968 under the pseudonym ``Robert Markham''.	Colonel Sun	Jonathan Cape
publisher	Dead Reefs is a game, developed by Streko-Graphics and published by The Adventure Company.	Dead Reefs	The Adventure Company
publisher	Optics Communications is a peer-reviewed rapid-publication scientific journal published by Elsevier.	Optics Communications	Elsevier
publisher	Dead Girls is the début novel by British science fiction author Richard Calder, and was first published in the UK in 1992 (HarperCollins) and 1995 in the US (St Martin's Press).	Dead Girls	HarperCollins
publisher	Kong Strikes Back! is a video game published by Ocean Software in 1985 for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum.	Kong Strikes Back!	Ocean Software
publisher	Early Music History is a peer-reviewed academic journal published annually by Cambridge University Press, which specialises in the study of music from the early Middle Ages to the end of the 17th century.	Early Music History	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Election Law Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed law journal published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. covering legal issues related to elections and voting rights.	Election Law Journal	Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
publisher	Nature Neuroscience is a monthly scientific journal published by Nature Publishing Group.	Nature Neuroscience	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	Journal of Vietnamese Studies is a peer-reviewed quarterly journal published by University of California Press, in Berkeley, California.	Journal of Vietnamese Studies	University of California Press
publisher	Over Sea, Under Stone is a contemporary fantasy novel written for children by the English author Susan Cooper, first published in London by Jonathan Cape in 1965.	Over Sea, Under Stone	Jonathan Cape
publisher	The present publisher is the Texas State Historical Association, which acquired the Texas Almanac as a gift from the A. H. Belo Corporation on May 5, 2008.	Texas Almanac	Texas State Historical Association
publisher	Fuzzy Sets and Systems is a peer-reviewed international scientific journal published by Elsevier on behalf of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA) and was founded in 1978.	Fuzzy Sets and Systems	Elsevier
publisher	The Sexes Throughout Nature is a book written by Antoinette Brown Blackwell, published by G. P. Putnam's Sons in 1875.	The Sexes Throughout Nature	G. P. Putnam's Sons
publisher	The Pregnant Widow is a novel by the English writer Martin Amis, published by Jonathan Cape on 4 February 2010.	The Pregnant Widow	Jonathan Cape
publisher	Turbo Esprit is a video game published by Durell Software in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, and Amstrad CPC.	Turbo Esprit	Durell Software
publisher	Plastic Man (real name Patrick ``Eel'' O'Brian) is a fictional comic book superhero originally published by Quality Comics and later acquired by DC Comics.	Plastic Man	Quality Comics	DC Comics
publisher	The Lost Squire of Inglewood is an Adventure story book of Thomas Jackson published in 1905 by Thomas Nelson and Sons, Ltd. A review in The Sydney Mail explained that the book is about the adventures of two boys who run away from school and discover hidden tunnels in the forest from the days of Robin Hood.	The Lost Squire of Inglewood	Thomas Nelson
publisher	Once More the Saint is a collection of three interrelated mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris, first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in January 1933.	Once More the Saint	Hodder and Stoughton
publisher	Tigerz is a videogame in the Petz series, released by Ubisoft in February 2008 for the Nintendo DS. It was released after Petz 5, and is therefore part of the second Petz series.	Tigerz	Ubisoft
publisher	The Pacific Journal of Mathematics (ISSN 0030-8730) is a mathematics research journal supported by a number of American, Asian and Australian universities and research institutes, and currently published on their behalf by Mathematical Sciences Publishers, a non-profit academic publishing organisation.	Pacific Journal of Mathematics	Mathematical Sciences Publishers
publisher	Interstellar Pig, published in 1984 by Bantam Books, is a science fiction novel for young adults written by William Sleator.	Interstellar Pig	Bantam Books
publisher	Sangokushi Internet (三國志 Internet) is Koei's first online video game based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms series.	Sangokushi Internet	Koei
publisher	It is the first game in Acclaim Entertainment's NFL Quarterback Club series.	NFL Quarterback Club	Acclaim Entertainment
publisher	The Dead Father is a post-modernist novel by author Donald Barthelme published in 1975 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.	The Dead Father	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
publisher	Age of Elements was a fighting video game developed by the newly created studio Steamroll and intended to be published by Atari for Sony's PlayStation Portable.	Age of Elements	Atari
publisher	Eternal Champions is a fighting game developed by Sega Interactive in 1993.	Eternal Champions	Sega
publisher	Midst Toil and Tribulation is the sixth book in the Safehold science fiction novel series by David Weber and published by Tor Books on September 18, 2012.	Midst Toil and Tribulation	Tor Books
publisher	The American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal and an official publication of the American Thoracic Society.	American Journal of Respiratory Cell and Molecular Biology	American Thoracic Society
publisher	The Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences (until 1962 titled Journal of Meteorology) is a scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society.	Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences	American Meteorological Society
publisher	Chapman & Hall published Beauchamp's Career in 3 volumes at the end of 1875, though on the imprint the date was given as 1876.	Beauchamp's Career	Chapman & Hall
publisher	Hoppin' Mad is an arcade-style computer game released in 1988 by Elite Systems.	Hoppin' Mad	Elite Systems
publisher	The Journal of Thrombosis and Haemostasis (JTH) (print: ISSN 1538-7933, online: ISSN 1538-7836) is the official medical journal published by Wiley-Blackwell for the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.	Journal of Thrombosis and Haemostasis	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The ZEFQ - Zeitschrift für Evidenz, Fortbildung und Qualität im Gesundheitswesen (English: Journal of Evidence and Quality in Healthcare) is a bilingual German and English language peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier Germany.	Zeitschrift für Evidenz, Fortbildung und Qualität im Gesundheitswesen	Elsevier
publisher	The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India is a book that was published by publisher and historian Sita Ram Goel under his Voice of India imprint in 1982.	The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India	Voice of India
publisher	Crosswords DS (also known as CrossworDS) and as Nintendo presents:	Crosswords DS	Nintendo
publisher	Seetee Ship was released in 1951 by Gnome Press in an edition of 4,000 copies.	Seetee Ship	Gnome Press
publisher	Ideas Have Consequences is a philosophical work by Richard M. Weaver, published in 1948 by the University of Chicago Press.	Ideas Have Consequences	University of Chicago Press
publisher	Cry to Heaven is a novel by American author Anne Rice published by Alfred A. Knopf in 1982.	Cry to Heaven	Alfred A. Knopf
publisher	Invisible Man is a novel by Ralph Ellison, published by Random House in 1952.	Invisible Man	Random House
publisher	Nemoe Karma was published by Balai Pustaka, the state-owned publisher of the Dutch East Indies, in 1931.	Nemoe Karma	Balai Pustaka
publisher	Treasure Master is a video game released by ASC Games in 1991 for the Nintendo Entertainment System as part of a contest involving MTV.	Treasure Master	ASC Games
publisher	Blade Warrior is a beat'em up video game, released in 1991 by Image Works for Amiga, Atari ST and DOS.	Blade Warrior	Image Works
publisher	An Accidental Cowboy, Thomas Dunne Books, ISBN 0-312-31024-2	An Accidental Cowboy	Thomas Dunne Books
sex or gender	Peter Axelsson (born 22 June 1967, in Täby) is a retired male badminton player from Sweden.	Peter Axelsson	male
sex or gender	Hu Yadong (Chinese: 胡亚东) (Born October 3, 1968) is a female Chinese rower.	Hu Yadong	female
sex or gender	Zhou Ping (Chinese: 周平; February 18, 1968 - ) is a former female Chinese gymnast.	Zhou Ping	female
sex or gender	Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill is an Irish traditional singer, pianist, and composer, considered one of the most influential female vocalists in the history of Irish music.	Tríona Ní Dhomhnaill	female
sex or gender	He Liping (simplified Chinese: 何丽萍; traditional Chinese: 何麗萍; pinyin: Hé Lìpíng; born November 13, 1972) is a female Chinese softball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	He Liping	female
sex or gender	Armaan Khan (born 4 April 1980) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Chaghi, Balochistan.	Armaan Khan	female
sex or gender	Gini Martin is one of Blutengel's former female singers.	Gini Martin	female
sex or gender	Busi Ncube is a female Mbira singer from Zimbabwe, who sings in six African languages.	Busi Ncube	female
sex or gender	Catharina Ahlgren (1734 -- c. 1800) was a Swedish feminist writer, poet, translator, managing editor, and one of the first identifiable female journalists in Sweden.	Catharina Ahlgren	female
sex or gender	Meriç Banu Yenal (born April 24, 1988 in İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish female basketball player.	Meriç Banu Yenal	female
sex or gender	Maiko Sakashita (Japanese: 坂下麻衣子; born 25 February 1985) is a retired Japanese female volleyball player.	Maiko Sakashita	female
sex or gender	Brenda Berkman (born 1951) is a pioneering female firefighter.	Brenda Berkman	female
sex or gender	Ma Ying (simplified Chinese: 马英; traditional Chinese: 馬英; pinyin: Mǎ Yīng; born April 10, 1972) is a female Chinese softball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Ma Ying	female
sex or gender	Osbourne Moxey (born 27 August 1978) is a male long jumper from the Bahamas.	Osbourne Moxey	male
sex or gender	Yeliz Ay (born November 9, 1977 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish female racewalker.	Yeliz Ay	female
sex or gender	Virginie Kadjo (born 3 May 1973) is a French female former volleyball player, playing as a opposite, and a former beach volleyball player.	Virginie Kadjo	female
sex or gender	Natalie Brewer (born 20 February 1984) is an English female football central defender.	Natalie Brewer	female
sex or gender	As an early ancestor of the Joos Maternal Dynasty, with royal ties to two pre-colonial Senegambian kingdoms from the start of their constitutional change, Lingeer Fatim Beye is regarded as one of the most significant female personalities of Serer and Senegambian dynastic history.	Lingeer Fatim Beye	female
sex or gender	Mariela González Torres (born 5 April 1974) is a female marathon runner from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the women's marathon at the 2007 Pan American Games.	Mariela González	female
sex or gender	Heather Duby (born July 26, 1974 in Eugene, Oregon), is a female American singer/songwriter.	Heather Duby	female
sex or gender	Lanie Alabanza-Barcena AKA Miss Lawn (born September 26, 1979) is an Asian American graphic/fashion designer and Co-Founder/Creative Director of the female Streetwear brand, HLZBLZ considered a pioneer of the women streetwear movement.	Lanie Alabanza-Barcena	female
sex or gender	Louise Quinn (born 17 June 1990) is an Irish female footballer who plays as a defender for the Ireland national soccer team and Swedish club Eskilstuna United.	Louise Quinn	female
sex or gender	František Tokár (25 May 1925 in Veľké Chrašťany - 29 October 1993 in Bratislava) is a male former table tennis player from Czechoslovakia.	František Tokár	male
sex or gender	Andrulla Blanchette (born Androulla Veronica Blanchette 29 July 1966 in Hackney, London) is an English professional female bodybuilder.	Andrulla Blanchette	female
sex or gender	Birgit Kähler (born 14 August 1970 in Cologne, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a retired female high jumper from Germany.	Birgit Kähler	female
sex or gender	Roberta Lee Streeter (born July 27, 1944), professionally known as Bobbie Gentry, is an American singer-songwriter notable as one of the first female country artists to compose and produce her own material.	Bobbie Gentry	female
sex or gender	Jessie Willcox Smith (September 6, 1863 -- May 3, 1935) was one of the most prominent female illustrators in the United States during the Golden Age of American illustration.	Jessie Willcox Smith	female
sex or gender	Thai Lee is the owner, CEO and president of the largest female-owned business in America, SHI International.	Thai Lee	female
sex or gender	In the NBC action-comedy series Chuck pilot episode, ``Chuck Versus the Intersect'', the main character's best friend Morgan Grimes is reminded of Kim Basinger's portrayal of Vicki Vale in the 1989 film when he meets the main female protagonist Sarah Walker.	Vicki Vale	female
sex or gender	Lucina Hagman (born June 5, 1853; died 1946) was an early Finnish feminist and among the first female MPs in the world due to the Finnish parliamentary election, 1907.	Lucina Hagman	female
sex or gender	Milan Džavoronok (born 1 November 1961) is a former Czechoslovak male volleyball player and Czech beach volleyball player.	Milan Džavoronok	male
sex or gender	Andrew Jachno (born 13 April 1962) is a retired male race walker from Australia.	Andrew Jachno	male
sex or gender	Gay-Yee Westerhoff (born 14 June 1973, in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England), is the Chinese-English cellist of the all female string quartet, Bond.	Gay-Yee Westerhoff	female
sex or gender	Marjan Ridder (born Marjan Luesken 3 May 1953, Haarlem) is a retired female badminton player of the Netherlands.	Marjan Ridder	female
sex or gender	Camané (born in Oeiras, 20 December 1967) as Carlos Manuel Moutinho Paiva dos Santos Duarte, is a male vocalist, and a forerunner of the new generation of fado male singers.	Camané	male
sex or gender	Matthew Hawes (born February 13, 1986 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec) is a male swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the backstroke events.	Matthew Hawes	male
sex or gender	Nyarroh (alternatively referred to as Nyaloh, Nyarroh of Bandasuma or Queen Nyarroh) was a female Mende chief in Bandasuma, in present-day Sierra Leone.	Nyarroh	female
sex or gender	María Alexandra Escobar Guerrero (born July 17, 1980) is an Ecuadorian female weightlifter.	Alexandra Escobar	female
sex or gender	Liu Tianyou, (born 1982 in Sichuan) is a male Chinese sport shooter.	Liu Tianyou	male
sex or gender	Jiří Hudec (born 15 August 1964) is a retired male track and field athlete from the Czech Republic who competed in the 110 metres hurdles.	Jiří Hudec	male
sex or gender	Liz Callaway (born April 13, 1961) is an American actress and singer, famous for providing the singing voices of many female characters in animated films, such as Anya/Anastasia in Anastasia, Odette in The Swan Princess, and the Adult Kiara in The Lion King II:	Liz Callaway	female
sex or gender	Karolina Szabó (born November 17, 1961) is a retired female Hungarian athlete, who specialized in the long-distance running events.	Karolina Szabó	female
sex or gender	Yu Yanli (born March 26, 1980 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese sports sailor who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Yu Yanli	female
sex or gender	Ulla Persson (born 1947 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a female singer from Sweden scoring successes during the 1960s.	Ulla Persson	female
sex or gender	Kimmo Pallonen (born 17 January 1959 in Jyväskylän maalaiskunta) is a retired male pole vaulter from Finland.	Kimmo Pallonen	male
sex or gender	Abdulqader Hikmat Sarhan (born August 19, 1987) is a male Qatari Taekwondo practitioner.	Abdulqader Hikmat	male
sex or gender	Eileen Guppy MBE (24 May 1903 -- 8 March 1980) was the first woman to be a geologist in Geological Survey of Great Britain and was the first female staff member to become a member of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).	Eileen Guppy	female
sex or gender	Luciano Pedullà (born 3 August 1957) is an Italian male volleyball coach.	Luciano Pedullà	male
sex or gender	Snežana Mišković (pronounced (sněʒana mîʃkoʋitɕ); born December 19, 1958), better known by her stage name Viktorija ((ʋǐktoːrija)), is a Serbian female rock singer known for her raspy voice.	Viktorija	female
sex or gender	Ethel Romig Fuller (February 26, 1883 -- December 13, 1965) was Oregon's third Poet Laureate (1957--1965), and the state's first female Poet Laureate.	Ethel Romig Fuller	female
sex or gender	Terri Moss (born in Denver, Colorado on 25 January 1966) is a retired female boxer, and a 2015 inductee into the International Women's Boxing Hall of Fame.	Terri Moss	female
sex or gender	Irene Piotrowski (born July 9, 1941 in Skaudvilė, Lithuania) is a retired female track and field athlete, who represented Canada at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1964 (Tokyo, Japan) Where she was a semi-finalist in the 100 metres at both Games.	Irene Piotrowski	female
sex or gender	Willy Kanis (born 27 July 1984 in Kampen) is a Dutch female professional racing cyclist.	Willy Kanis	female
sex or gender	Marios Lekkas (Greek: Μάριος Λέκκας) is a Greek male model.	Marios Lekkas	male
sex or gender	Sun Weishi (1921 -- October 15, 1968) was the first female director of modern spoken drama (Huaju) in Chinese history.	Sun Weishi	female
sex or gender	Li Xiaoni (born May 10, 1986 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese sports sailor.	Li Xiaoni	female
sex or gender	Jessica Blaszka (born 5 August 1992 in Heerlen) is a Dutch female wrestler who wrestles mainly in the 48 kg weight class.	Jessica Blaszka	female
sex or gender	Ruth Jean Baskerville Bowen (1924--2009) was the first black female talent agent and the president of Queen Booking Corporation, the largest Black-owned entertainment and talent agency in the world.	Ruth Jean Baskerville Bowen	female
sex or gender	Jannine Jennky was a female French racing driver.	Jannine Jennky	female
sex or gender	Xaviera Gold is a female African American dance music singer who is a former DJ and mixer on Chicago's WBMX-FM.	Xaviera Gold	female
sex or gender	Eliza Lynn Linton (10 February 1822 -- 14 July 1898) was the first female salaried journalist in Britain, and the author of over 20 novels.	Eliza Lynn Linton	female
sex or gender	Maryam Jameelah (May 23, 1934 - October 31, 2012) was an American-Pakistani author of over thirty books on Islamic culture and history and a prominent female voice for conservative and fundamentalist Islam, known for her disparaging writings about the West.	Maryam Jameelah	female
sex or gender	Gail Davies (born Patricia Gail Dickerson June 5, 1948) is an American singer/songwriter and the first female record producer in the history of country music.	Gail Davies	female
sex or gender	Till Helmke (born May 6, 1984 in Friedberg, Hesse) is a male track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Germany.	Till Helmke	male
sex or gender	Judith Catchpole, a young maidservant in colonial America, was tried in 1656 for witchcraft and infanticide before one of the earliest all-female juries in the United States.	Judith Catchpole	female
sex or gender	Kat Mon Dieu has been dubbed the Cindy Sherman of burlesque for her portrayal of a multitude of characters; old, young, male, female, real, fictional and even animals.	Kat Mon Dieu	female
sex or gender	Anne Catherine Albertine Isala Van Diest (Louvain, Belgium 7 May 1842--Ixelles, Belgium 6 February 1916), better known by the name Isala Van Diest, was the first female medical doctor and the first female university graduate in Belgium.	Isala Van Diest	female
sex or gender	Folashade Abugan (born December 17, 1990) is a female Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Folashade Abugan	female
sex or gender	Yuriy Rybin (Russian: Юрий Рыбин; born March 5, 1963) is a retired male javelin thrower from Russia.	Yuriy Rybin	male
sex or gender	Yuhan Tan (born 21 April 1987 in Bilzen, Belgium) is a male left-handed badminton player from Belgium.	Yuhan Tan	male
sex or gender	Elena Tatarkova or Olena Tatarkova (Ukrainian: Олена Tатаркова, born 22 August 1976) is a former professional female tennis player from Ukraine.	Elena Tatarkova	female
sex or gender	Jeanne D'arc Girubuntu (born 6 May 1995) is a female road cyclist from Rwanda.	Jeanne D'arc Girubuntu	female
sex or gender	Mohamed Hikal (born January 10, 1979) is a male boxer from Egypt.	Mohamed Hikal	male
sex or gender	Mercédesz Stieber (born 4 September 1974 in Budapest) is a female water polo player from Hungary, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece and Beijing 2008.	Mercédesz Stieber	female
sex or gender	Ruud Kuijten (born 7 October 1973 in Nuenen, Netherlands) is a male right-handed badminton player from Belgium.	Ruud Kuijten	male
sex or gender	Marilyn McCoo (born September 30, 1943) is an American singer, actress, and television presenter, who is best known for being the lead female vocalist in the group The 5th Dimension, as well as hosting the 1980s music countdown series Solid Gold.	Marilyn McCoo	female
sex or gender	Edijana Dafe (born 27 May 1990) is a Swedish female handballer who plays as a left wing for Danish club København Håndbold and the Swedish national team.	Edijana Dafe	female
sex or gender	Katherine Henderson (June 23, 1909 -- unknown) was an African American classic female blues singer.	Katherine Henderson	female
sex or gender	Olle af Klintberg is a male folk musician from Sweden who is best known for playing the fiddle, and for winning the national title of Årets Näck in 2010.	Olle af Klintberg	male
sex or gender	Ida Cecilie Thoresen Krog (née Thoresen, 7 March 1858 -- 13 November 1911) was a Norwegian feminist pioneer, and the first female university student in Norway.	Cecilie Thoresen Krog	female
sex or gender	Helmut Krieger (born July 17, 1958 in Sławięcice, Kędzierzyn-Koźle) is a male former track and field shot putter from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Helmut Krieger	male
sex or gender	Rama Varma Kochaniyan Thampuran (2 June 1912 − 5 February 2014) was an Indian royal, who was the Valiya Thampuran or oldest male member of the Cochin Royal Family.	Rama Varma Kochaniyan Thampuran	male
sex or gender	Michelle Rohl (born November 11, 1965 in Madison, Wisconsin) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States, who competed in race walking.	Michelle Rohl	female
sex or gender	Dave Salmoni was attacked by one of his trained big cats named Bongo, a five hundred pound male African lion in August 1999 in Ontario, which inspired his making of After the Attack.	Dave Salmoni	male
sex or gender	Chen Xinhua is a male former table tennis player.	Chen Xinhua	male
sex or gender	Huang Xiaoxiao (simplified Chinese: 黄潇潇; traditional Chinese: 黃瀟瀟; pinyin: Huáng Xiāoxiāo; born March 3, 1983 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese hurdler who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.	Huang Xiaoxiao	female
sex or gender	Juliette Bergmann (previously Meijer) (born November 30, 1958) is a Dutch female bodybuilding champion.	Juliette Bergmann	female
sex or gender	Ma Ning (simplified Chinese: 马宁; traditional Chinese: 馬寧; pinyin: Mǎ Nìng; born November 4, 1983) is a female javelin thrower from PR China.Her personal best throw is 62.38 metres, achieved in June 2003 in Shijiazhuang.	Ma Ning	female
sex or gender	Anna McCune Harper (née Anna Virginia McCune, July 2, 1902 -- June 14, 1999) was an American female tennis player.	Anna McCune Harper	female
sex or gender	Ai Xia was one of only two female screenwriters during the ``Left-Wing'' movement in Chinese film.	Ai Xia	female
sex or gender	Anna Zwirydowska (born January 28, 1986) is a Polish female freestyle wrestler.	Anna Zwirydowska	female
sex or gender	She eventually adopted the screen name Seka, after a female blackjack dealer she knew in Las Vegas.	Seka	female
sex or gender	Laura Marino (born 2 July 1993) is a female diver from France.	Laura Marino	female
sex or gender	Kier Maitland (born November 16, 1988 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a male swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the distance freestyle events.	Kier Maitland	male
sex or gender	Megan Abubo (born January 28, 1978) is a professional female surfer from Hawaii.	Megan Abubo	female
sex or gender	An undefeated Perdita Felicien won her second consecutive 100 m hurdles national title in 2003 en route to becoming the first University of Illinois female athlete to be named the Big Ten Conference ``Athlete of the Year'' while earning NCAA Female Track & Field Athlete of the Year honors.	Perdita Felicien	female
sex or gender	Florence K. Murray (1916--2004) was a high-ranking officer in the Women's Army Corps, the first female state senator in Rhode Island, the first female judge in Rhode Island and the first female member of the Rhode Island Supreme Court.	Florence K. Murray	female
sex or gender	Semiha Mutlu (born March 5, 1987 in Koyulhisar, Sivas Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female racewalker.	Semiha Mutlu	female
sex or gender	Manju Borah (Assamese: মঞ্জু বৰা) is a multiple international and national award-winning Indian female film director and short story writer from Guwahati, Assam.	Manju Borah	female
sex or gender	Shanne Braspennincx (born 18 May 1991) is a Dutch female track cyclist.	Shanne Braspennincx	female
sex or gender	Constance Stuart Larrabee (7 August 1914 -- 27 July 2000) was a photographer best known for her images of South Africa and her photo-journalism on Europe during World War II. She was South Africa's first female war correspondent.	Constance Stuart Larrabee	female
sex or gender	Gizella Farkas (18 November 1925 in Miskolc -- 17 June 1996 in Vienna) was a female table tennis player from Hungary.	Gizella Farkas	female
sex or gender	Karolína Pilařová is a female Czech curler who participated in the European Curling Championships in 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2009.	Karolína Pilařová	female
sex or gender	Sharyn Maceren is a female Pop/R&B singer and songwriter.	Sharyn Maceren	female
sex or gender	Sandra Mandir, born Popović, (born 4 August 1977, in Zagreb) is a Croatian female basketball player.	Sandra Mandir	female
sex or gender	Magda Ilands (born 16 January 1950, in Leuven, Vlaams-Brabant) is a former female long-distance runner from Belgium, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Magda Ilands	female
sex or gender	Victor Amaya (born July 2, 1954 in Denver) is a former American male professional tour tennis player.	Victor Amaya	male
sex or gender	Hyun Jung-hwa (Hangul: 현정화; hanja: 玄静和; born October 6, 1969 in Busan, South Korea) is a retired female table tennis player from South Korea who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Hyun Jung-hwa	female
sex or gender	Lisa Michaelis is a female actress/singer/musician/children's performer who was born in New York City and now lives in Atlanta, Georgia, where she is the founder of Laughing Pizza Productions, a children's record and video label.	Lisa Michaelis	female
sex or gender	Chris Ballingall (born May 17, 1932) is a former female catcher who played from 1953 through 1954 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.	Chris Ballingall	female
sex or gender	After his 1999 season, Kern was honored as the first-ever male recipient to wear a thong to the tournament, the thong award is given to the top American collegiate water polo player Sean Kern.	Sean Kern	male
sex or gender	Liu Yuanyuan (simplified Chinese: 柳圆圆; traditional Chinese: 柳圓圓; pinyin: Liǔ Yuányuán; born March 17, 1982 in Dalian) is a Chinese female biathlete who competed China at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Torino.	Liu Yuanyuan	female
sex or gender	Michelle Sawatzky-Koop (born July 14, 1970 in Steinbach, Manitoba) is a retired female volleyball player from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Michelle Sawatzky-Koop	female
sex or gender	Yao Jie (simplified Chinese: 姚洁; traditional Chinese: 姚潔; pinyin: Yáo Jié; born 10 April 1977) is a Chinese-born female badminton player who now resides in the Netherlands.	Yao Jie	female
sex or gender	Sinnamon was an American female R&B vocal trio, consisting of Connecticut natives Barbara Fowler and Marsha Carter, and Melissa Bell from New York.	Sinnamon	female
sex or gender	Joan Pedrola (born 1990 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Spanish male model.	Joan Pedrola	male
sex or gender	Zhuldyz Eshimova (born 1 February 1988 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyz-born female wrestler from Kazakhstan.	Zhuldyz Eshimova	female
sex or gender	Fred Kiprop Kiptum (born June 3, 1974) is a male long-distance runner from Kenya, who won the Amsterdam Marathon in 1999 in a time of 2:06:47	Fred Kiprop	male
sex or gender	Brede Arkless (née Boyle) (10 August 1939 -- 18 March 2006) was a leading female climber and mountaineer, and was actively involved in the all-women's climbing movement.	Brede Arkless	female
sex or gender	Alexandra Asimaki (Greek: Αλεξάνδρα Ασημάκη; pronounced (alexandra asimaki); born 28 June 1988) is a female Greek water polo player currently playing as center forward for Olympiacos and the Greek national team.	Alexandra Asimaki	female
sex or gender	Miho Watanabe (渡辺 美保 Watanabe Miho) is a female Japanese popular music artist, actor, and dancer.	Miho Watanabe	female
sex or gender	Irmgard Latz (later Irmgard Gerlatzka) (born 14 March 1939) is a former female badminton player from Germany.	Irmgard Latz	female
sex or gender	Adèle Kindt (16 December 1804--1884) was a Belgian painter, the leading female painter of the 1820s to 1840s.	Adèle Kindt	female
sex or gender	Iveta Bartošová (8 April 1966 -- 29 April 2014) was a Czech singer, actress and celebrity, three-time best female vocalist in the music poll Zlatý slavík (1986, 1990 and 1991).	Iveta Bartošová	female
sex or gender	Huang Haijing (simplified Chinese: 黄海静; traditional Chinese: 黃海靜; pinyin: Huáng Hǎijìng; born July 3, 1988 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Huang Haijing	female
sex or gender	Justine Siegemund or Siegemundin (26 December 1636 -- 10 November 1705) was a renowned German midwife whose Court Midwife (1690) was the more read, but not the first, female-published German obstetrical manual.	Justine Siegemund	female
sex or gender	Justice M. Fathima Beevi was the first female judge to be appointed to the Supreme Court of India (1989) and the first Muslim woman to be appointed to any higher judiciary.	Fathima Beevi	female
sex or gender	Sándor Urbanik (born December 15, 1964 in Esztergom) is a retired male race walker from Hungary.	Sándor Urbanik	male
sex or gender	Derek Paul Dickenson (born 4 December 1949 in North Shields, Northumberland) is a retired male hammer thrower from England, who represented the United Kingdom at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1976 (Montreal).	Paul Dickenson	male
sex or gender	In 2015 Telupe Iosefa received the first ever gold medal won by Tuvalu at the Pacific Games in the powerlifting 120 kg male division.	Telupe Iosefa	male
sex or gender	Cleopatra's faithful male servant Apollodorus follows Pothinus and the small procession of guards as they exit the room, and within a few seconds an off-screen death scream is heard.	Pothinus	male
sex or gender	Frants Kostyukevich (Belarusian: Франц Касцюкевіч; born April 4, 1963) is a male race walker who represented the USSR and later Belarus.	Frants Kostyukevich	male
sex or gender	Ana María Torres Ramírez, also known as La Guerrera (born on 25 January 1980 in Nezahualcóyotl, State of Mexico) is a Mexican female boxer who held the WBC Super flyweight title from 7 October 2006 to 19 October 2007 and from 30 August 2008 to 17 May 2012.	Ana María Torres	female
sex or gender	Rear Admiral Bonnie Burnham Potter (born c. 1946) was the first female physician in the Navy Medical Corps to be selected for flag rank.	Bonnie Burnham Potter	female
sex or gender	Helen Kleinbort Krauze (born in Białystok) is an award-winning Polish-born Mexican female Jewish journalist who worked for over five decades as an interviewer, features and travel writer and columnist first with Novedades, later with El Heraldo de México and more recently with Sol de Mexico and Protocolo magazine.	Helen Kleinbort Krauze	female
sex or gender	Daniella Kolodny is the first female rabbi enlisted in the United States Naval Academy, which she joined in 2004.	Daniella Kolodny	female
sex or gender	Astrid Guyart (born 17 March 1983) is a French female fencer.	Astrid Guyart	female
sex or gender	Xiao Jiang (Chinese: 小江; pinyin: Xiǎo Jiāng) (born 1972) is the stage name of female Chinese film director Jia Yan,.	Xiao Jiang	female
sex or gender	During the same year, Seorak was cast as the lead female role in the musical Carmen, which was being shown at Little Angel's Art Center, of South Korea's leading art centers.	Seorak	female
sex or gender	Lady Xu Mu (许穆夫人) was a princess of the State of Wey, and the first recorded female poet in Chinese history.	Lady Xu Mu	female
sex or gender	Wei Jianhua (simplified Chinese: 魏建华; traditional Chinese: 魏建華; pinyin: Wèi Jiànhuá; born March 23, 1979) is a retired female javelin thrower from PR China.	Wei Jianhua	female
sex or gender	Xavin had first appeared to the Runaways, taking on the form of a black male, but changed into a black female just for the sake of Karolina Dean, a lesbian whom she was to marry.	Xavin	female
sex or gender	Marie Collings (née Allaire; 1791--1853), sometimes referred to as Mary Collings, was a wealthy Guernsey heiress who ruled as Dame of Sark from 1852 to 1853, being the island's second female ruler and the first holder of the fief from the presently ruling seigneurial family.	Marie Collings	female
sex or gender	Alfred Shemweta (born February 19, 1970 in Lushoto, Tanzania) is a male long-distance runner who competed internationally for Sweden.	Alfred Shemweta	male
sex or gender	Dimitris Krallis, ``Michael Attaleiates as a Reader of Psellos'' in Barber Ch. ed., Reading Michael Psellos (Leiden, 2006): 167-191 Athanasios Markopoulos, ``The portrayal of the male figure in Michael Attaleiates,'' in The Empire in Crisis:	Michael Attaleiates	male
sex or gender	Kwan Chi-lam (born Kwan Kar-wai on 24 September 1962), better known as Rosamund Kwan, is a Hong Kong actress, best known for starring as the female lead ``Thirteenth Aunt'' in the 1990s Once Upon a Time in China film series.	Rosamund Kwan	female
sex or gender	Gertrude Buck (July 14, 1871, Kalamazoo, Michigan - 1922) was one of a group of powerful female rhetoricians of her time.	Gertrude Buck	female
sex or gender	Urgyen Tsomo (1897--1961) was a prominent Tibetan Buddhist female master who was known as the Great Dakini of Tsurphu (Tsurpu Khandro Chenmo).	Urgyen Tsomo	female
sex or gender	Sevasti Qiriazi (also known as Sevasti Dako-Qiriazi), 1871 - 30 August 1949, was an Albanian patriot and pioneer of Albanian female education.	Sevasti Qiriazi	female
sex or gender	Li Zhenzhu (born 13 December 1985 in Bayannur, Inner Mongolia) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Li Zhenzhu	female
sex or gender	Joel Brutus (born August 12, 1974) is a male judoka from Haiti, who won the silver medal in the men's heavyweight division (+ 100 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games.	Joel Brutus	male
sex or gender	Anita Christensen, (born October 29, 1972, in Randers, Denmark) is a world champion female professional boxer.	Anita Christensen	female
sex or gender	Eva Pölzing or Poelzing is a German singer who is best known as the former female vocalist for Blutengel.	Eva Pölzing	female
sex or gender	Fannie Barrios (1964-2005) was a professional female bodybuilder from Venezuela.	Fannie Barrios	female
sex or gender	Laxmi Poruri-Madan (born November 9, 1972 in Guntur, India) is a retired professional tennis player and the first Indian-American female to play professional tennis on the WTA Tour in the modern era.	Laxmi Poruri	female
sex or gender	Bang Ji-sub (Hangul: 방지섭; born 16 April 1974) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Bang Ji-sub	male
sex or gender	Mihri Achba, Mihri Müşfik Hanım, Mihri Rasim (26 February 1886 - c. 1954) was one of the first and renowned Turkish female painter.	Mihri Müşfik Hanım	female
sex or gender	Eunice Wishart (8 October 1898 -- 14 November 1982) was the first female alderman and the first female mayor of Port Arthur, Ontario, serving 1956-1958 as mayor, and 1948-1952, 1954-1955, Nov 15-Dec 1960 as alderman.	Eunice Wishart	female
sex or gender	Aryono Miranat is a retired male badminton player from Indonesia who specialized in mixed doubles.	Aryono Miranat	male
sex or gender	Tokey Hill is an American karateka most well known for being the first male American to ever win a WUKO/WKF World Karate Championship which he achieved at the 1980 World Karate Championships in the 80 kg Kumite category.	Tokey Hill	male
sex or gender	Tatyana Kostromina (born 15 February 1973) is a female Belarusian table tennis player.	Tatyana Kostromina	female
sex or gender	Sabrina Dornhoefer (born December 2, 1963) is a retired female middle distance runner from the United States.	Sabrina Dornhoefer	female
sex or gender	Sirima Ratwatte Dias Bandaranaike (Sinhalese: සිරිමා රත්වත්තේ ඩයස් බණ්ඩාරනායක, Tamil: சிறிமா ரத்வத்தே டயஸ் பண்டாரநாயக்கே; 17 April 1916 -- 10 October 2000), commonly known as Sirimavo Bandaranaike (the suffix ``vo'' denotes respect), was a Sri Lankan politician and the modern world's first female head of government.	Sirimavo Bandaranaike	female
sex or gender	Liu Fangyi (Chinese: 刘方毅; born January 1, 1983 in Qiqihar) is a Chinese male speed skater.	Liu Fangyi	male
sex or gender	Belle Cooledge (July 29, 1884 -- November 9, 1955), also known as ``Auntie Belle,'' was the first female mayor of Sacramento, California.	Belle Cooledge	female
sex or gender	Monalisa Codling (born April 20, 1977) is a female rugby union player for New Zealand and Auckland.	Monalisa Codling	female
sex or gender	As a female character in the front row after the Japanese invasion, Sakinah Junid may dikatatakan as Malaysia's first female fighter who led a group of men and women fighters.	Sakinah Junid	female
sex or gender	Özlem Araç (born May 26, 1989) is a Turkish female football manager and former women's football player.	Özlem Araç	female
sex or gender	Yohan Hadikusumo Wiratama (Chinese: 魏仁君; pinyin: Wèi Rénjūn) is a male badminton player from Hong Kong.	Yohan Hadikusumo Wiratama	male
sex or gender	Anusha Mani is an Indian female playback singer who works actively in the Bollywood film Industry.	Anusha Mani	female
sex or gender	István Havasi (born December 21, 1930 in Dánszentmiklós, Pest -- died February 16, 2003 in Budapest) was a male race walker from Hungary.	István Havasi	male
sex or gender	Leah McSweeney (born in 1982 in New York City) is the founder and CEO of the female ``Married to the MOB'' (MTTM) clothing line.	Leah McSweeney	female
sex or gender	Stacey-Ann Smith (born January 8, 1991) is a female sprinter who currently represents the United States of America.	Stacey-Ann Smith	female
sex or gender	Cássio Leandro das Neves Pereira (born 7 December 1971) is a former Brazilian male volleyball player.	Cássio Leandro das Neves Pereira	male
sex or gender	Robert Hébras, Jean-Marcel Darthout, Mathieu Borie, Clément Broussaudier, Yvon Roby and Pierre-Henri Poutaraud were the only six of 186 male civilians who survived the execution with machine guns.	Robert Hébras	male
sex or gender	William Byron Shefchik, III, born in 1974, is the only current male member of the Brigham Young University (BYU) Swimming and Diving Team to be elected into the BYU Hall of Fame.	Byron Shefchik	male
sex or gender	Ole Svendsen (born April 27, 1952 in Aalborg, Nordjylland) is a retired male welterweight boxer from Denmark, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Ole Svendsen	male
sex or gender	Margareta Capsia (1682 -- June 20, 1759) was a Swedish/Finnish artist, the first professional native female artist in Finland, which during her lifetime was a part of Sweden.	Margareta Capsia	female
sex or gender	As a result of his experiences, Zeus and Hera asked him to settle the question of which sex, male or female, experienced more pleasure during intercourse.	Hera	female
sex or gender	Elizabeth Abimbola Awoliyi (née Akerele, 1910--1971) was the first female physician in Nigeria.	Elizabeth Abimbola Awoliyi	female
sex or gender	Aleksandre Gujabidze (Georgian: ალექსანდრე გუჯაბიძე; born 11 January 1995) is a male diver from Georgia.	Aleksandre Gujabidze	male
sex or gender	Norma Andrade is one of the founding members of Nuestras Hijas de Regreso a Casa A.C., a Mexican non-profit association of mothers whose daughters have been victims of female homicides in Ciudad Juárez.	Norma Andrade	female
sex or gender	In October 2005, Gangaji's husband, Eli Jaxon-Bear, admitted to Gangaji that he had a three-year affair with an adult female student who was later employed as the executive director of his organization, the Leela Foundation.	Gangaji	female
sex or gender	As symbol of masculinity and warriorship, Heracles also had a number of male lovers.	Heracles	male
sex or gender	Shirley van der Lof (born November 7, 1986 in Haaksbergen, Overijssel) is a female racing driver from the Netherlands, and grand daughter of former Formula One-driver Dries van der Lof.	Shirley van der Lof	female
sex or gender	Sri Oetari Ratna Dewi (26 September 1960, Semarang, Central Java - November 2003) was a popular Javanese female Indonesian politician and late wife of currently serving (as of writing in 2007) DPRD-DKI Jakarta Ketua (head) Komisi D:	Sri Oetari Ratna Dewi	female
sex or gender	S-Endz wrote the male R&B verses that Sups sang on this song, as well as his own rap and adlibs.	S-Endz	male
sex or gender	Hồ Quỳnh Hương (born 16 October 1980, in Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh) is a Vietnamese female singer.	Hồ Quỳnh Hương	female
sex or gender	Alkisti Avramidou (Greek: Άλκηστη Αβραμίδου; born 26 February 1988) is a female Greek water polo player currently playing as a left wing for Olympiacos and the Greek national team.	Alkisti Avramidou	female
sex or gender	Eileen Bennett Whittingstall (16 July 1907 -- ca. 18 August 1979) was a female tennis player from the United Kingdom who won six Grand Slam doubles titles from 1927 to 1931.	Eileen Bennett Whittingstall	female
sex or gender	Yarianna Martínez Iglesias (born 20 September 1984 in Pinar del Río) is a female triple jumper from Cuba.	Yarianna Martínez	female
sex or gender	Lilly Steinschneider, fully Lilly Helene Steinschneider-Wenckheim (Hungarian: Steinschneider-Wenckheim Helene Lilly, Steinschneider Lilly, January 13, 1891, Budapest -- March 28, 1975, Geneva) was a Hungarian pilot, the first qualified female pilot in the Austro-Hungarian empire.	Lilly Steinschneider	female
sex or gender	Christian Davies (1667 -- 7 July 1739), born Christian Cavanagh, was a female soldier (disguised as a man) and later a sutler for the 4th Dragoons, later the 2nd Royal North British Dragoons.	Christian Davies	female
sex or gender	Çağla Korkmaz (born November 14, 1990) is a Turkish-German female football forward currently playing in the German 2.	Çağla Korkmaz	female
sex or gender	Edigold Monday is the first Ugandan female to hold the position of Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer at Bank of Africa Uganda, and is also the first Ugandan woman to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of a commercial bank in the country's history.	Edigold Monday	female
sex or gender	Wauba Debar (1792--1832) was a female Aboriginal Tasmanian.	Wauba Debar	female
sex or gender	Since acting at the Drama Studio, Suzan-Lori Parks has received 11 awards, being the first female African-American to receive the Pulitzer Prize for her play Topdog/Underdog in 2002.	Suzan-Lori Parks	female
sex or gender	Zhao Hongbo (simplified Chinese: 赵宏博; traditional Chinese: 趙宏博; pinyin: Zhào Hóngbó; born September 22, 1973) is a male Chinese pair skater.	Zhao Hongbo	male
sex or gender	Christina Broom (née Livingston 28 December 1862 -- 5 June 1939) was a Scottish photographer, credited as ``the UK's first female press photographer''.	Christina Broom	female
sex or gender	Gong Zhichao (simplified Chinese: 龚智超; traditional Chinese: 龔智超; pinyin: Gōng Zhìchāo; born December 15, 1977 in Anhua, Hunan) is a female badminton player from the People's Republic of China.	Gong Zhichao	female
sex or gender	Maja Ognjenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Маја Огњеновић; born August 6, 1984) is a female Serbian volleyball player and the captain of the Serbia women's national volleyball team.	Maja Ognjenović	female
sex or gender	Amelia Okoli (born May 14, 1941) is a retired female track and field athlete from Nigeria.	Amelia Okoli	female
sex or gender	Nancy McLeón (born May 1, 1971) is a retired female track and field athlete from Cuba who competed in the sprint events during her career.	Nancy McLeón	female
sex or gender	Lidija Abrlić (born September 13, 1969) is a former Yugoslavian and Croatian female basketball player.	Lidija Abrlić	female
sex or gender	Melissa Humana-Paredes (born October 10, 1992 in Toronto, Ontario) is a female Canadian beach volleyball player, who makes a double with Taylor Pischke.	Melissa Humana-Paredes	female
sex or gender	Sana Anarkulova (née Jarlagassova, born 21 July 1989) is a Kazakhstani female volleyball player.	Sana Anarkulova	female
sex or gender	Michaela Mlejnková (born 26 July 1996) is a Czech female volleyball player, playing as a outside-spiker.	Michaela Mlejnková	female
sex or gender	Tian Liang (Chinese: 田亮; pinyin: Tián Liàng; born August 27, 1979 in Chongqing) is a male Chinese former diver.	Tian Liang	male
sex or gender	Born as the first female daughter into a family of three boys, Sophia Smith soon became the caretaker for the following three children (all girls).	Sophia Smith	female
sex or gender	Natalya Yermolovich (Belarusian: Натальля Ермаловіч; Russian: Наталья Ермолович; born April 29, 1964 in Homel, Belarus) is a retired female javelin thrower who represented the Soviet Union at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Natalya Yermolovich	female
sex or gender	Heather Wallace (born December 4, 1961 in Kitwe, Zambia) is a former professional female squash player who represented Scotland and Canada during her career.	Heather Wallace	female
sex or gender	Kurban Kurbanov (Russian: Курбан Курбанов; born 21 March 1985 in Makhachkala, Dagestan) is a male freestyle wrestler from Uzbekistan.	Kurban Kurbanov	male
sex or gender	Sigit Budiarto (born 24 November 1975) is a male badminton player from Indonesia noted for his reflexes and deft handling of the racket.	Sigit Budiarto	male
sex or gender	Wu Jiaduo (simplified Chinese: 吴佳多; traditional Chinese: 吳佳多; born 19 September 1977 in Linhai, Zhejiang, China) is a female Chinese-born German table tennis player.	Wu Jiaduo	female
sex or gender	Heike Koerner Romo (born September 23, 1973) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from Mexico.	Heike Koerner	female
sex or gender	Vladimir Harkonnen is the direct-line male descendant of the Bashar Abulurd Harkonnen who was banished for cowardice after the Battle of Corrin.	Vladimir Harkonnen	male
sex or gender	Gizem Çam (born 4 April 1991) is a Turkish female swimmer competing in butterfly and backstroke events.	Gizem Çam	female
sex or gender	Hala Moddelmog (born January 3, 1956) became the first female president and CEO of the Metro Atlanta Chamber (MAC) in January 2014 following a career in the corporate and non-profit sectors.	Hala Moddelmog	female
sex or gender	Choe Byeong-kwang (최병광; born 7 April 1991) is a male South Korean racewalker.	Choe Byeong-kwang	male
sex or gender	Feng Zhe (simplified Chinese: 冯喆; traditional Chinese: 馮喆; pinyin: Féng Zhé; born November 19, 1987 in Sichuan) is a male Chinese gymnast.	Feng Zhe	male
sex or gender	She was given the opportunity to be the first female faculty member because, as Janet Taylor Spence said, ``the chair of the university thought ``having a woman on the faculty was a novel and interesting idea,'''' against the belief of some of the other faculty members.	Janet Taylor Spence	female
sex or gender	Chauncey Matthews (born October 11, 1991) is an American singer who was a member of the short-lived pop group American Juniors as well as being the only male in the group.	Chauncey Matthews	male
sex or gender	Saints Kyneburga, Kyneswide and Tibba were female members of the Mercian royal family in 7th century England.	Kyneburga, Kyneswide and Tibba	female
sex or gender	Jammie Jamieson is a United States Air Force officer and the first female fighter pilot selected to fly the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor.	Jammie Jamieson	female
sex or gender	Jean Irvine (1877 -- March 3, 1962) was a pharmacist from Hawick, Scotland and the first female president of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society.	Jean Irvine	female
sex or gender	Sun Linlin (Chinese: 孙琳琳; born October 3, 1988 in Dandong) is a Chinese female short track speed skater.	Sun Linlin	female
sex or gender	Tihana Abrlić, married Jurić, (born July 11, 1976) is a Croatian female professional basketball player.	Tihana Abrlić	female
sex or gender	Li Zhenshi is a male Chinese table tennis player and coach.	Li Zhenshi	male
sex or gender	Nico Schwanz (born January 12, 1978 in Apolda, Thuringia) is a German male model.	Nico Schwanz	male
sex or gender	Michela Fanini (23 March 1973 -- 16 October 1994) was a female racing cyclist from Italy.	Michela Fanini	female
sex or gender	Lee Sun Chau (周理信, i.e., 周六姑, 1890-1979) was one of the first female Chinese doctors of Western Medicine in China.	Lee Sun Chau	female
sex or gender	Pi Hongyan (simplified Chinese: 皮红艳; traditional Chinese: 皮紅艷; pinyin: Pí Hóngyàn) (born 25 January 1979 in Chongqing, China) is a female badminton player competing for France.	Pi Hongyan	female
sex or gender	Silvia Bosurgi (born April 17, 1979 in Messina) is a female water polo forward from Italy, who won the gold medal with the Women's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Silvia Bosurgi	female
sex or gender	Dio, composition by Francesco Trocchia for female choir and piano; lyrics by Alda Merini (from Francesco 2007)	Alda Merini	female
sex or gender	Marie-France Boyer also had the female leading part in the TV series Quentin Durward, playing Isabelle de Croye, whose fate becomes a subject of dispute between the Duke of Burgundy and the King of France.	Marie-France Boyer	female
sex or gender	Annemarie Părău (born March 8, 1984 in Timișoara) is a Romanian professional female basketball player.	Annemarie Părău	female
taxon rank	Epanaphe moloneyi is a species of Lepidoptera in the family of Notodontidae that is found in Africa.	Epanaphe moloneyi	species
taxon rank	Fulrada carpasella is a species of snout moth in the genus Fulrada.	Fulrada carpasella	species
taxon rank	Wittrockia tenuisepala is a plant species in the genus Wittrockia.	Wittrockia tenuisepala	species
taxon rank	Blanford's mabuya, Eutropis innotata, is a species of skink found in peninsular India.	Eutropis innotata	species
taxon rank	Harpalus affinis is a species of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Nearctic, the Australian region and the Near East.	Harpalus affinis	species
taxon rank	Melaleuca howeana provides habitat for the Lord Howe Island Stick Insect Dryococelus australis, a critically endangered species.	Melaleuca howeana	species
taxon rank	Clypeobarbus is a genus of small cyprinid fishes native to Africa.	Clypeobarbus	genus
taxon rank	Quercus minima, the dwarf live oak or minimal oak, is a North American species of shrubs in the beech family.	Quercus minima	species
taxon rank	Erigeron asperugineus (Idaho Fleabane) is a species of fleabane in the daisy family.	Erigeron asperugineus	species
taxon rank	Veltheimia bracteata belongs to the genus Veltheimia, which contains only one other species, Velthemia capensis.	Veltheimia bracteata	species
taxon rank	The biological subfamily Bovinae includes a diverse group of 10 genera of medium to large-sized ungulates, including domestic cattle, bison, African buffalo, the water buffalo, the yak, and the four-horned and spiral-horned antelopes.	Bovinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Quantula striata, also known as Dyakia striata, is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing, tropical land snail.	Quantula striata	species
taxon rank	Hattoria yakushimensis is the only species of liverwort in the genus Hattoria, in the family Scapaniaceae.	Hattoria	species
taxon rank	Tetraneuris linearifolia is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family, know by the common name fineleaf fournerved daisy.	Tetraneuris linearifolia	species
taxon rank	Antarctopelta (/ænˌtɑːrktoʊˈpɛltə/ an-TARK-to-PEL-tə; meaning 'Antarctic shield') was a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur with one known species, A. oliveroi, which lived in Antarctica during the Late Cretaceous Period.	Antarctopelta	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops bressoni, or the Michoacán slender blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops bressoni	species
taxon rank	Astragalus funereus is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common names Funeral Mountain milkvetch and black milkvetch.	Astragalus funereus	species
taxon rank	Valenciennellus is a genus of marine hatchetfishes.	Valenciennellus	genus
taxon rank	Pachnoda sinuata, the garden fruit chafer or brown-and-yellow fruit chafer, is a species of beetle found in Namibia and South Africa.	Pachnoda sinuata	species
taxon rank	The Purple Leaf Blue, Amblypodia anita (sometimes simply called Leaf Blue) is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.	Amblypodia anita	species
taxon rank	The only species in the genus is Amphidon aequicrurius, found by Simpson in 1925.	Amphidon	species
taxon rank	Navia crassicaulis is a species of bromeliad in the genus Navia.	Navia crassicaulis	species
taxon rank	Gasteracantha hasselti, commonly known as Hasselt's spiny spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae.	Gasteracantha hasselti	species
taxon rank	Sonchus tenerrimus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name slender sowthistle.	Sonchus tenerrimus	species
taxon rank	Mesenchytraeus solifugus is a species of Oligochaete worms commonly called ice worms.	Mesenchytraeus solifugus	species
taxon rank	Monobrachium is a genus of hydroids (Hydrozoa).	Monobrachium	genus
taxon rank	Polyptychoceras is an extinct genus of ammonite from the Late Cretaceous of Asia, Europe, and North and South America.	Polyptychoceras	genus
taxon rank	Philoponella congregabilis, sometimes referred to as the little humped spider, is an Australian species of communal spider that, like other species of Uloboridae, does not use venom.	Philoponella congregabilis	species
taxon rank	Eorhynia is a genus of extinct plants of the Late Silurian (Přídolí, around 430 to 420 million years ago) which somewhat resemble Rhynia.	Eorhynia	genus
taxon rank	Astarte subaequilatera, or the lentil astarte, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Astartidae.	Astarte subaequilatera	species
taxon rank	Swenzia is an extinct genus of prehistoric.	Swenzia	genus
taxon rank	Nannostomus limatus, commonly known as the elegant pencilfish, is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins.	Nannostomus limatus	species
taxon rank	Buddleja kleinii is a species endemic to a small area of cloud forest bordering the eastern portion of the Serra Geral of Santa Catarina and the Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil at altitudes of 1200 -- 1650 m. The species was named by Norman & Smith in 1976.	Buddleja kleinii	species
taxon rank	Hypoxis decumbens is a plant species in the Hypoxidaceae, considered by some authors to be included within the Liliaceae or Amaryllidaceae.	Hypoxis decumbens	species
taxon rank	Malus prattii (Pratt's crabapple, 西蜀海棠 xi shu hai tang) is a crabapple species, endemic to China.	Malus prattii	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia packardiae is a species of flowering plant in the Loasaceae known by the common names Packard's blazingstar and Packard's stickleaf.	Mentzelia packardiae	species
taxon rank	Utricularia geminiscapa, the hiddenfruit bladderwort, is a perennial, medium-sized species of aquatic bladderwort.	Utricularia geminiscapa	species
taxon rank	Sterrhoptilus is a songbird genus recently separated from Stachyris.	Sterrhoptilus	genus
taxon rank	Armatimonas rosea is a Gram-negative bacterium and also the first species to be characterized within the phylum Armatimonadetes.	Armatimonas rosea	species
taxon rank	Eucinetidae is a family of beetles, notable for their large coxal plates that cover much of the first ventrite of the abdomen, sometimes called plate-thigh beetles.	Eucinetidae	family
taxon rank	Apistoloricaria laani is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Meta River basin.	Apistoloricaria laani	species
taxon rank	Persea meyeniana is a species of evergreen tree belonging to the laurel family, Lauraceae.	Persea meyeniana	species
taxon rank	Oxalis spiralis, the spiral sorrel, is a species of the genus Oxalis, the largest genus in the wood sorrel family Oxalidaceae.	Oxalis spiralis	species
taxon rank	It was described by Darren Naish, Gareth Dyke, Andrea Cau, François Escuillié, and Pascal Godefroit in 2012, and the type species is named Samrukia nessovi.	Samrukia	species
taxon rank	Icmadophila is a genus of crustose lichen.	Icmadophila	genus
taxon rank	Cattleya amethystoglossa (the ``amethyst-lipped Cattley flower'') is a bifoliate species of orchid from the genus Cattleya.	Cattleya amethystoglossa	species
taxon rank	Eleocharis bifida is a species of spikesedge known by the common name glade spikerush.	Eleocharis bifida	species
taxon rank	Cyathea buennemeijerii is a species of tree fern endemic to the Natuna Islands in Indonesia, where it grows in open scrub at an altitude of about 600 m. This rare species is known only from the summits of two low hills.	Cyathea buennemeijerii	species
taxon rank	Astranthium robustum, or Texas western-daisy, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Astranthium robustum	species
taxon rank	Euphorbiales is the botanical name of an order of flowering plants that is not currently recognized in the most authoritative modern treatment of plant taxonomy.	Euphorbiales	order
taxon rank	The Cape gerbil, Gerbilliscus afra, is a species of gerbil found only in South Africa.	Cape gerbil	species
taxon rank	Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus, commonly known as the red Irish lord (US) or bullhead, is a species of fish in the family Cottidae.	Hemilepidotus hemilepidotus	species
taxon rank	Moraea collina is a species of the genus Moraea, in the family Iridaceae.	Moraea collina	species
taxon rank	Acorus gramineus is a botanical species belonging to the genus Acorus.	Acorus gramineus	species
taxon rank	Goeldia is a genus of spiders that occur in Central to South America.	Goeldia	genus
taxon rank	Neoplecostomus espiritosantensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found on the eastern slope of the Serra do Mar in the Jacu and São Lourenço Rivers.	Neoplecostomus espiritosantensis	species
taxon rank	Protomelas macrodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from areas vegetated with Vallisneria.	Protomelas macrodon	species
taxon rank	Its only described species, Bythocrotus cephalotes, is endemic to Hispaniola.	Bythocrotus	species
taxon rank	Horiomyzon retropinnatus is a species of three-barbeled catfish which occurs in the Amazon and Napo Rivers of Brazil and Ecuador.	Horiomyzon retropinnatus	species
taxon rank	Epiactis prolifera, the brooding, proliferating or small green anemone, is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Actiniidae.	Epiactis prolifera	species
taxon rank	Rhinotyphlops scorteccii, commonly known as Scortecci's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Rhinotyphlops scorteccii	species
taxon rank	Scaphella atlantis, commonly known as the Atlantis volute is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Scaphella atlantis	species
taxon rank	Cryothenia amphitreta is a species of marine pelagic fish belonging to the family Nototheniidae (cod icefishes).	Cryothenia amphitreta	species
taxon rank	Amaranthus californicus is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name California amaranth.	Amaranthus californicus	species
taxon rank	Lucina leucocyma, or the saw-toothed pen shell, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Lucina leucocyma	species
taxon rank	Dimocarpus yunnanensis is a species of tree native to China related to the longan.	Dimocarpus yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Telmatosaurus (meaning ``marsh lizard'') is a genus of basal hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Telmatosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Crataegus altaica is a species of hawthorn.	Crataegus altaica	species
taxon rank	Corallimorphus profundus is a species of coral in the genus Corallimorphus.	Corallimorphus profundus	species
taxon rank	Tetranychus lintearius is a species of spider mite known as the gorse spider mite.	Tetranychus lintearius	species
taxon rank	Campylorhynchus is a genus of wrens, which has at least 13 described species.	Campylorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Lepidiolamprologus is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in eastern Africa.	Lepidiolamprologus	genus
taxon rank	Oncidium baueri is a species of orchid native to Costa Rica and to South America as far south as Bolivia and Brazil.	Oncidium baueri	species
taxon rank	Euphyllia is a genus of large-polyped stony coral.	Euphyllia	genus
taxon rank	Demagogus larvatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Demagogus.	Demagogus larvatus	species
taxon rank	Tubinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, marine, gastropod mollusks in the clade Neritimorpha, the nerites and their allies.	Tubinidae	family
taxon rank	Comptonia peregrina is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including Bucculatrix paroptila, Grey Pug, Setaceous Hebrew Character, Io moth, and several Coleophora case-bearers:	Comptonia	species
taxon rank	Kelloggia galioides is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name milk kelloggia.	Kelloggia galioides	species
taxon rank	Gerania bosci is an Asian species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the subfamily Lamiinae.	Gerania bosci	species
taxon rank	Melanocharacidium is a fish genus in the Crenuchidae family (South American darters).	Melanocharacidium	genus
taxon rank	Geotrypetes angeli is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Geotrypetes angeli	species
taxon rank	Succinea forsheyi, common name the spotted ambersnail, is a species of small, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Succinea forsheyi	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus beieri is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in France, Slovenia, and Spain.	Orthotylus beieri	species
taxon rank	Amnicola missouriensis, common name the Missouri amnicola, is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae.	Amnicola missouriensis	species
taxon rank	Planismus floridanus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Planismus.	Planismus	species
taxon rank	Jennyella The genus was published in 1999 by E. Luckel & H. Fessel separating four species previously grouped in Houlletia.	Jennyella	genus
taxon rank	Loxorhynchus grandis, common name the sheep crab, is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae.	Loxorhynchus grandis	species
taxon rank	The West Himalayan bush warbler (Locustella kashmirensis) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	West Himalayan bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Ptyodactylus is a genus of geckos, which are commonly known as fan-fingered geckos.	Ptyodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Hedysarum boreale is a species of flowering plant in the Fabaceae, or legume family, and is known by the common names Utah sweetvetch, boreal sweet-vetch, northern sweetvetch, and plains sweet-broom.	Hedysarum boreale	species
taxon rank	Amblypterus is an extinct genus of bony fish.	Amblypterus	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus spectabilis is a species of lupine known by the common name shaggyhair lupine.	Lupinus spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Gastrotheca ovifera (Spanish: Rana Marsupial Comun or Rana Marsupial) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Gastrotheca ovifera	species
taxon rank	Giraffatitan, meaning ``giant giraffe'', is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived during the late Jurassic Period (Kimmeridgian-Tithonian stages).	Giraffatitan	genus
taxon rank	Helminthoglypta tudiculata, common names the ``Southern California shoulderband'' or ``Southern shoulderband'', is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Helminthoglypta tudiculata	species
taxon rank	Crenavolva traillii, common name Traill's ovulid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.	Crenavolva traillii	species
taxon rank	Procambarus pictus, sometimes called the Black Creek crayfish or spotted royal crayfish, is a species of crayfish in family Cambaridae.	Procambarus pictus	species
taxon rank	Cephaloscyllium formosanum, also known as the Formosa swellshark, is a species of catshark in the family Scyliorhinidae.	Cephaloscyllium formosanum	species
taxon rank	Pandoflabella corumbina is a species of snout moth in the genus Pandoflabella.	Pandoflabella corumbina	species
taxon rank	Trichocanonura linearis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Trichocanonura.	Trichocanonura linearis	species
taxon rank	Isoleucas is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described in 1939.	Isoleucas	genus
taxon rank	Chaunograptus is a genus of putative graptolite known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.	Chaunograptus	genus
taxon rank	The genus Paradigalla consists of two species of birds-of-paradise.	Paradigalla	genus
taxon rank	Pinkfloydia is a genus of small long-jawed spiders (family Tetragnathidae) containing a single described species, Pinkfloydia harveii, known from Western Australia.	Pinkfloydia	species
taxon rank	Stapelia hirsuta, common name starfish flower or carrion plant, is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Apocynaceae.	Stapelia hirsuta	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus substriatiformis was a species of hermit crab that existed during the Badenian stage (Middle Miocene).	Ciliopagurus substriatiformis	species
taxon rank	The genus Corynorhinus consists of the lump-nosed bats, or American long-eared bats.	Corynorhinus	genus
taxon rank	Yunguisaurus was first named by Yen-Nien Cheng, Tamaki Sato, Xiao-Chun Wu and Chun Li in 2006 and the type species is Yunguisaurus liae.	Yunguisaurus	species
taxon rank	Osteocephalus deridens is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Ecuador and Peru.	Osteocephalus deridens	species
taxon rank	Livistona chinensis, the Chinese fan palm or fountain palm, is a species of subtropical palm tree in eastern Asia.	Livistona chinensis	species
taxon rank	Farlowella odontotumulus is a species of armored catfish native to Ecuador and Venezuela.	Farlowella odontotumulus	species
taxon rank	Lamingtoniidae is a very small family of beetles, in the suborder Polyphaga.	Lamingtoniidae	family
taxon rank	Labrisomus conditus, the Masquerader hairy blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Fernando de Noronha Archipelago, off northeastern Brazil, and from Florida, USA, in the Atlantic Ocean.	Labrisomus conditus	species
taxon rank	Gymnopogon (skeletongrass) is a genus of American and Southeast Asian plants in the grass family.	Gymnopogon	genus
taxon rank	Siphonocryptida is an order of millipedes, comprising the sole family Siphonocryptidae.	Siphonocryptida	order
taxon rank	Heritiera fomes is a species of mangrove tree in the family Malvaceae.	Heritiera fomes	species
taxon rank	Ctenolophon is the only genus in the flowering plant family Ctenolophonaceae.	Ctenolophon	genus
taxon rank	Leptaxis caldeirarum is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Leptaxis caldeirarum	species
taxon rank	Procolpochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene of what is now Maryland, Virginia, and New Jersey.	Procolpochelys	genus
taxon rank	Tripterocalyx is a small genus of flowering plants in the four o'clock family.	Tripterocalyx	genus
taxon rank	Dysganus is the name given to a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Dysganus	genus
taxon rank	Austropyrgus dyerianus is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the Hydrobiidae family.	Austropyrgus dyerianus	species
taxon rank	Seychelles giant day gecko (Phelsuma sundbergi sundbergi Rendahl, 1939) is diurnal subspecies of geckos.	Seychelles giant day gecko	subspecies
taxon rank	Eriogonum libertini is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Dubakella Mountain buckwheat.	Eriogonum libertini	species
taxon rank	Maotherium is a genus extinct symmetrodont mammal that was discovered in Early Cretaceous rocks in Liaoning Province, China, in 2003.	Maotherium	genus
taxon rank	Bembidion adygorum is a species of ground beetle from the Trechinae subfamily that can be found in Armenia, Georgia and Caucasus.	Bembidion adygorum	species
taxon rank	Pseudotriton is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae.	Pseudotriton	genus
taxon rank	The underworld windowskate (Fenestraja plutonia) is a species of cartilaginous fish in the family Rajidae.	Fenestraja plutonia	species
taxon rank	Jiutaisaurus is a genus of dinosaur from the Quantou Formation of China.	Jiutaisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Copidosoma floridanum is a species of wasp in the family Encyrtidae and is primarily a parasitoid of moths in the subfamily Plusiinae.	Copidosoma floridanum	species
taxon rank	Helogenes gouldingi is a species of whale catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in black-water tributaries of the Madeira River basin.	Helogenes gouldingi	species
taxon rank	Aliatypus is a spider genus in the family Antrodiaetidae with species found in the United States.	Aliatypus	genus
taxon rank	Stictoleptura tripartita is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Iran, Syria and Turkey.	Stictoleptura tripartita	species
taxon rank	Stenophryneta variegata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Stenophryneta.	Stenophryneta variegata	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum deserticola is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Colorado Desert buckwheat.	Eriogonum deserticola	species
taxon rank	Monopis weaverella is a species of moth in the Tineidae family.	Monopis weaverella	species
taxon rank	Nannoarctia takanoi (Sonan, 1934) is an endemic species of moth in the family Arctiidae from Taiwan.	Nannoarctia takanoi	species
taxon rank	Cryptoparachtes fedotovi is a spider species found in Georgia and Azerbaijan.	Cryptoparachtes fedotovi	species
taxon rank	Buceros is a genus of large Asian hornbills (family Bucerotidae).	Buceros	genus
taxon rank	Platysaurus torquatus, the striped flat lizard or collared flat lizard, is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family found in southeast Africa.	Platysaurus torquatus	species
taxon rank	Erigeron rybius is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Sacramento Mountain fleabane and royal fleabane.	Erigeron rybius	species
taxon rank	Taeniocrada is a genus of extinct plants of Devonian age (420 to 360 million years ago).	Taeniocrada	genus
taxon rank	The Galliformes are an order of heavy-bodied ground-feeding birds that includes turkey, grouse, chicken, New World quail and Old World quail, ptarmigan, partridge, pheasant, junglefowl and the Cracidae.	Galliformes	order
taxon rank	Horkelia californica (syn: Potentilla californica), known by the common name California horkelia, is a species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Horkelia californica	species
taxon rank	Prunus sargentii, commonly known as Sargent's cherry or North Japanese hill cherry, is a species of cherry native to Japan, Korea, and Sakhalin (Russia).	Prunus sargentii	species
taxon rank	Bambusa chungii, commonly known as white bamboo or tropical blue bamboo, is a large, tall bamboo species, often found in Hong Kong, and originating in southern China and Vietnam.	Bambusa chungii	species
taxon rank	Helminthoglypta nickliniana, common name ``Nicklin's Peninsula snail'' or ``Coast Range shoulderband'' is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Helminthoglypta nickliniana	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes is a large genus of combtooth blennies found throughout the Pacific and Indian oceans.	Cirripectes	genus
taxon rank	Glossodoris rufomarginata, commonly called white-margin sea slug or caramel nudibranch, is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Glossodoris rufomarginata	species
taxon rank	Medinilla waterhousei, commonly known as Tagimaucia or Tagimoucia (tahng-ee-mow-theea), is a species of flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae which is endemic to highland rainforest of the Fijian island of Taveuni.	Medinilla waterhousei	species
taxon rank	Pythium debaryanum is a species of water mould in the family Pythiaceae.	Pythium debaryanum	species
taxon rank	Lottia luchuana is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Lottia luchuana	species
taxon rank	Bromelia serra is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family native to South America (Brazil, French Guiana, Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentina).	Bromelia serra	species
taxon rank	Mochokus niloticus is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Nile and Niger River basins.	Mochokus niloticus	species
taxon rank	Campanula elegans is a plant species in the genus Campanula.	Campanula elegans	species
taxon rank	Eutriconodonta is an order of early mammals.	Eutriconodonta	order
taxon rank	Pseudobiceros gloriosus (common name: the glorious flatworm) is a benthic marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.	Pseudobiceros gloriosus	species
taxon rank	Lyclene reticulata is a species of lichen moths of the Erebidae family, Arctiinae subfamily.	Lyclene reticulata	species
taxon rank	Lepidopilum grevilleanum is a species of moss in the Daltoniaceae family.	Lepidopilum grevilleanum	species
taxon rank	Heuchera elegans is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name urn-flowered alumroot.	Heuchera elegans	species
taxon rank	Brachyspira aalborgi is a species of bacteria, one of the causative agents of intestinal spirochetosis.	Brachyspira aalborgi	species
taxon rank	Claytonia rubra is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common name redstem springbeauty.	Claytonia rubra	species
taxon rank	Beccariophoenix alfredii, also known as the High Plateau Coconut Palm, is a recently discovered species of Arecaceae (palms), endemic to Madagascar.	Beccariophoenix alfredii	species
taxon rank	Euprymna scolopes, also known as the Hawaiian bobtail squid, is a species of bobtail squid in the family Sepiolidae native to the central Pacific Ocean, where it occurs in shallow coastal waters off the Hawaiian Islands and Midway Island.	Euprymna scolopes	species
taxon rank	Banksia caleyi, commonly known as the red lantern banksia or Caley's banksia, is a species of woody shrub of the family Proteaceae native to Western Australia.	Banksia caleyi	species
taxon rank	The order Squamata, or the scaled reptiles, are the largest recent order of reptiles, comprising all lizards and snakes.	Squamata	order
taxon rank	Procolophonidae is an extinct family of parareptiles from the Permian and Triassic periods.	Procolophonidae	family
taxon rank	Neptunea contraria is a left-handed species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Neptunea contraria	species
taxon rank	Herina rivosecchii is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Croatia, France, Greece, Italy, Switzerland, and Spain.	Herina rivosecchii	species
taxon rank	Dicromantispa electromexicana is an extinct species of mantidfly in the neuropteran family Mantispidae known from a fossil found in North America.	Dicromantispa electromexicana	species
taxon rank	Coptodon is a genus of cichlids native to Africa with C. zillii also found in the Middle East.	Coptodon	genus
taxon rank	Donax gouldii, common name the bean clam, is a species of small saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Donacidae.	Donax gouldii	species
taxon rank	Bistolida stolida, common name the stolid cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Bistolida stolida	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes alleni, the Kimberley blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Indian Ocean, around Australia.	Cirripectes alleni	species
taxon rank	Stygobromus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans that live in subterranean habitats.	Stygobromus	genus
taxon rank	Macradenia lutescens is a species of epiphytic orchid known by the common name longgland orchid.	Macradenia lutescens	species
taxon rank	Euomphalidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic marine molluscs which may be gastropods with anisostrophically coiled shells (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Euomphalidae	family
taxon rank	Ophioscincus truncatus is a species of burrowing short-limbed snake-skink that is endemic to the coastal areas and islands of New South Wales and Queensland, in Australia.	Ophioscincus truncatus	species
taxon rank	Festuca abyssinica is a species of grass which is endemic to Africa.	Festuca abyssinica	species
taxon rank	Lulworthia is a genus of fungi within the Lulworthiaceae family.	Lulworthia	genus
taxon rank	Rhodanthemum hosmariense (Moroccan daisy) is a species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, native to the Atlas Mountains of Morocco.	Rhodanthemum hosmariense	species
taxon rank	Cirsium ciliolatum is a species of thistle known by the common name Ashland thistle.	Cirsium ciliolatum	species
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius maculipinna is a species of combtooth blenny found in Ecuador.	Hypsoblennius maculipinna	species
taxon rank	Retortamonas is a genus of flagellate protozoa that live in the intestines of various animals.	Retortamonas	genus
taxon rank	Amphizoa lecontei is a species of aquatic beetle.	Amphizoa lecontei	species
taxon rank	Leporacanthicus triactis is a species of armored catfish native to Colombia and Venezuela where it is found in the upper Orinoco River basin.	Leporacanthicus triactis	species
taxon rank	Aeschynomene rudis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name zigzag jointvetch.	Aeschynomene rudis	species
taxon rank	Aldanites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Goniatitida.	Aldanites	genus
taxon rank	The Altai snowcock (Tetraogallus altaicus) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Altai snowcock	species
taxon rank	Pleurodonte nigrescens is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae.	Pleurodonte nigrescens	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Pillansia templemannii, endemic to Cape Province in South Africa.	Pillansia	species
taxon rank	Lobobunaea phaedusa is a species of very large moths in the family Saturniidae.	Lobobunaea phaedusa	species
taxon rank	Lepanthes scopula is a species of orchid found from Mexico (Oaxaca and Chiapas) to Central America.	Lepanthes scopula	species
taxon rank	Argonauta oweri is an extinct species of argonautid octopus.	Argonauta oweri	species
taxon rank	Scuticaria hadwenii is a species of orchid occurring from Guyana to Brazil.	Scuticaria hadwenii	species
taxon rank	At one time, the West African catshark was considered to be a subspecies of the nursehound, Scyliorhinus stellaris, but is now considered to be a separate species.	West African catshark	species
taxon rank	Conoplea is a genus of fungi first described by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801.	Conoplea	genus
taxon rank	Phylica polifolia (also called Rosemary or Saint Helena Rosemary) is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family.	Phylica polifolia	species
taxon rank	Alienus curiosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Alienus.	Alienus curiosus	species
taxon rank	Leptochilichthys is a genus of marine smelts containing four species.	Leptochilichthys	genus
taxon rank	Asiaceratops (meaning ``Asian horned face'') is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur.	Asiaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Poromitra crassiceps, commonly called the crested bigscale (also called large-headed midnight fish, crested melamphid, or one-horned melamphaid) is a species of deep sea fish in the ridgehead family.	Poromitra crassiceps	species
taxon rank	Eurycorypha is a genus of insect in family Tettigoniidae, commonly known as Bush crickets.	Eurycorypha	genus
taxon rank	Stipa tirsa is a species of perennial grass native to Europe and temperate Asia.	Stipa tirsa	species
taxon rank	Becklespinax is a genus of large predatory theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of England.	Becklespinax	genus
taxon rank	Coccotrema is a genus of lichens in the Pertusariales order.	Coccotrema	genus
taxon rank	Eubalichthys is a genus of filefishes found in the eastern Indian Ocean waters around Australia.	Eubalichthys	genus
taxon rank	Anomiopus lacordairei is a species of true dung beetle that is endemic to French Guiana, and is only known from Cayenne.	Anomiopus lacordairei	species
taxon rank	Lundellianthus is a genus of Mesoamerican flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Lundellianthus	genus
taxon rank	Elaeagnus angustifolia, commonly called Russian olive, silver berry, oleaster, Persian olive, or wild olive, or commonly referred to as Senjid or Sinjid in Afghanistan and Senjed in Iran, is a species of Elaeagnus, native to western and central Asia, Afghanistan, from southern Russia and Kazakhstan to Turkey and Iran.	Elaeagnus angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Pectinaria australis is one of at least ten species of polychaete worms of the family Pectinariidae.	Pectinaria australis	species
taxon rank	Astragalus platytropis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name broadkeel milkvetch.	Astragalus platytropis	species
taxon rank	Polypedates pseudocruciger (common names: false hour-glass tree frog or yellow tree frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to the southern Western Ghats, India.	Polypedates pseudocruciger	species
taxon rank	Cleotrivia antillarum is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae, the false cowries or Cleotrivias.	Cleotrivia antillarum	species
taxon rank	Ghilianella beckeri is a species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae found in Brazil.	Ghilianella beckeri	species
taxon rank	Crepis biennis is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family with the common name Rough hawksbeard.	Crepis biennis	species
taxon rank	Chaetopoa is a genus of African plants in the grass family, found only in Tanzania.	Chaetopoa	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherozoa is a subphylum of echinoderms.	Eleutherozoa	subphylum
taxon rank	Polystichum dudleyi is a species of fern known by the common name Dudley's sword fern.	Polystichum dudleyi	species
taxon rank	The Meekoceratidae is a family of ceratitid ammonites described in the Treatise,(Arkell et al. 1957) as being more or less involute, compressed, discoidal, smooth to weakly ornamented; venter arched or tabulate; sutures ceratitic with broad saddles.	Meekoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Eulophota floridella is a species of snout moth in the genus Eulophota.	Eulophota floridella	species
taxon rank	Cretoperipatus burmiticus is an extinct species of velvet worm that is known from Cretaceous amber approximately 100 million years old.	Cretoperipatus burmiticus	species
taxon rank	Sannantha virgata is a flowering shrub species in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Sannantha virgata	species
taxon rank	Labeo pietschmanni is one of 103 species of fish in the genus Labeo.	Labeo pietschmanni	species
taxon rank	The Bonthain rat (Rattus bontanus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Bonthain rat	species
taxon rank	Ectatina irrorata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ectatina.	Ectatina irrorata	species
taxon rank	Nerita textilis, common name the textile nerite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.	Nerita textilis	species
taxon rank	Corticium penicillatum is a species of fungus in the class Agaricomycetes.	Corticium penicillatum	species
taxon rank	Neolissochilus is a genus of cyprinid fishes that occur in Asia that are often grouped with the mahseers.	Neolissochilus	genus
taxon rank	Canbya aurea, common name Yellow pygmy-poppy, is a plant species endemic to the relatively cool northern deserts of the western United States.	Canbya aurea	species
taxon rank	Carlquistia is a rare North American genus of flowering plants in the aster family containing the single species Carlquistia muirii.	Carlquistia	species
taxon rank	Amanita flavoconia, commonly known as yellow patches, yellow wart, orange Amanita, or yellow-dust Amanita, is a species of mushroom in the family Amanitaceae.	Amanita flavoconia	species
taxon rank	Protohippus is an extinct three-toed genus of horse.	Protohippus	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus formosanus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean from the South China Sea as well as around southern Japan and the Chesterfield Islands.	Callionymus formosanus	species
taxon rank	In 1986 Australian botanical taxonomist Donald McGillivray promoted the variety to species status, giving it the name Grevillea curviloba.	Grevillea curviloba	species
taxon rank	Plantago cordata is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name heartleaf plantain.	Plantago cordata	species
taxon rank	Pliosaurus (meaning 'more lizard') is an extinct genus of thalassophonean pliosaurid known from the Kimmeridgian and Tithonian stages (Late Jurassic) of Europe and South America.	Pliosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron mucronatum is a rhododendron species native to China, where it grows at altitudes of 2800--4500 meters.	Rhododendron mucronatum	species
taxon rank	Helianthus californicus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name California sunflower.	Helianthus californicus	species
taxon rank	Gossypium herbaceum, commonly known as Levant cotton, is a species of cotton native to the semi-arid regions of sub-Saharan Africa and Arabia where it still grows in the wild as a perennial shrub.	Gossypium herbaceum	species
taxon rank	Drosera bicolor is an erect perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera bicolor	species
taxon rank	Carabus hummeli nevelskii is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sakhalin, Russia.	Carabus hummeli nevelskii	subspecies
taxon rank	Gobio hettitorum or the Taurus gudgeon (also cited as dere kayasi) is a species of gudgeon, a small freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Gobio hettitorum	species
taxon rank	Campanula gelida (Czech: zvonek jesenický, pronounced (ˈzvonɛk ˈjɛsɛɲɪtskiː)) is a stenoendemic, critically endangered species of perennial bellflower growing in the mountains of Hrubý Jeseník in the Czech Republic.	Campanula gelida	species
taxon rank	Brachinus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Nearctic, Palearctic, the Near East and North Africa.	Brachinus	genus
taxon rank	Shantungosuchus is an extinct genus of Cretaceous crocodyliform found in China.	Shantungosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Odostomia occultidens, common name the hidden-toothed pyramid-shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Odostomia occultidens	species
taxon rank	Trueperella pyogenes is a species of nonmotile facultatively anaerobic Gram-positive bacteria.	Trueperella pyogenes	species
taxon rank	Adiantum vivesii is a rare species of ferns known by the common name Puerto Rico maidenhair.	Adiantum vivesii	species
taxon rank	Stolephorus is a genus of fish in the Engraulidae family.	Stolephorus	genus
taxon rank	Neoregelia nivea is a plant species in the genus Neoregelia native to Brazil.	Neoregelia nivea	species
taxon rank	Rhus rooseae is an extinct species of flowering plant in the sumac family, Anacardiaceae, solely known from the middle Eocene sediments exposed in north central Oregon.	Rhus rooseae	species
taxon rank	The Hill Mango, (Commiphora caudata), also known as the Green Commiphora, is the most abundant Asian species of Commiphora of flowering plants in the frankincense and myrrh family, Burseraceae.	Commiphora caudata	species
taxon rank	Parematheudes polystictella is a species of snout moth in the genus Parematheudes.	Parematheudes polystictella	species
taxon rank	Ocotea quixos is a species of evergreen tree in the Lauraceae family, native to Ecuador and Colombia.	Ocotea quixos	species
taxon rank	Carex paniculata, also called greater tussock-sedge, is a species of flowering plant in the Cyperaceae family which is 1.5 metres (4 ft 11 in) high and can be found in most of Europe (including Britain), Northwest Asia and North America.	Carex paniculata	species
taxon rank	Actinobacteria is a phylum of Gram-positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content in their DNA.	Actinobacteria	phylum
taxon rank	The Cimicomorpha are an infraorder of insects containing bugs.	Cimicomorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Sepia mira is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, specifically from the mouth of Clarence River, New South Wales (29°19′S 153°29′E) to off Wooli (29°49′S 153°27′E) in Australia.	Sepia mira	species
taxon rank	Vaejovidae is a family of scorpions, comprising 17 genera, all found in Mexico and the southwestern United States:	Vaejovidae	family
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus glanduliferoides is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Selle, Haiti.	Eleutherodactylus glanduliferoides	species
taxon rank	The Xenodiscaceae is a superfamily within the ammonoid order Ceratitida.	Xenodiscaceae	superfamily
taxon rank	Chrysophyllum viridifolium, commonly known fluted milkwood, is a potentially large (up to 20 m tall) species of evergreen milkwood tree that occurs in East African coastal forests and in some inland forests of the tropics and subtropics.	Chrysophyllum viridifolium	species
taxon rank	The genus Chilonatalus of funnel-eared bats is found in South America and the Antilles.	Chilonatalus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthoscelis ruficornis, Beach ground beetle is a species of ground beetle in the Scaritinae subfamily, the only species in the genus Acanthoscelis.	Acanthoscelis	genus
taxon rank	Baccharis havardii is a North American species of shrubs in the aster family known by the common name Havard's false willow.	Baccharis havardii	species
taxon rank	Roboastra tigris is a species of sea slug, a polycerid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.	Roboastra tigris	species
taxon rank	Allotoma is a genus of moths in the superfamily Bombycoidea.	Allotoma	genus
taxon rank	Coralliozetus is a genus of chaenopsid blennies mostly found in the eastern Pacific Ocean with one species (C. cardonae) occurring in the western Atlantic Ocean.	Coralliozetus	genus
taxon rank	Quercus bicolor, the swamp white oak, is a North American species of medium-sized trees in the beech family.	Quercus bicolor	species
taxon rank	Carabus hummeli middendorfi is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia, where it can only be found on Bolshoy Shantar Island in Primorsky Krai.	Carabus hummeli middendorfi	subspecies
taxon rank	Acer circinatum (vine maple) is a species of maple native to western North America, from southwest British Columbia to northern California, usually within 300 kilometres (190 mi) of the Pacific Ocean coast, found along the Columbia Gorge and Coastal Forest.	Acer circinatum	species
taxon rank	Chilomycterus antillarum or the Web Burrfish, Spiny Box Puffer, Bridled Burrfish or Striped Burr Fish, is a species of fish in the genus Chilomycterus native to the Western Atlantic Ocean, southern Florida, and the Bahamas to Brazil.	Chilomycterus antillarum	species
taxon rank	Penicillium jamesonlandense is a psychrotolerant species of the genus of Penicillium.	Penicillium jamesonlandense	species
taxon rank	Baltocteniza is an extinct monotypic genus of trapdoor spider in the Ctenizidae subfamily Ctenizinae and at present, it contains the single species Baltocteniza kulickae.	Baltocteniza	species
taxon rank	Manefishes are perciform fishes in the family Caristiidae, which today includes 19 extant species distributed in four genera.	Manefish	family
taxon rank	At present it contains the single species Coprinites dominicana.	Coprinites	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single species, Pakaraimaea dipterocarpacea, from South America.	Pakaraimaea	species
taxon rank	Lestes barbarus is a species of damselfly of the family Lestidae, the spreadwings.	Lestes barbarus	species
taxon rank	Nothobranchius rubripinnis is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family.	Nothobranchius rubripinnis	species
taxon rank	Cirsium crassicaule is a species of thistle known by the common name slough thistle.	Cirsium crassicaule	species
taxon rank	Djupedalia is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosauroid plesiosaur known from the uppermost Jurassic of central Spitsbergen, Norway.	Djupedalia	genus
taxon rank	Anxylotoles caudatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Anxylotoles.	Anxylotoles caudatus	species
taxon rank	Latia is a genus of very small, air-breathing freshwater snails or limpets, aquatic pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Chilinoidea.	Latia	genus
taxon rank	Isla Vista virus (ILV) is an enveloped, single-stranded, negative-sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family.	Isla Vista virus	species
taxon rank	Arnoldius is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Arnoldius	genus
taxon rank	Hieracium scabrum, rough hawkweed, is a North American plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Hieracium scabrum	species
taxon rank	Aegyrcitherium was a genus of rhinoceros endemic to Europe during the Miocene living from 16.9--16 mya existing for approximately 0.9 million years.	Aegyrcitherium	genus
taxon rank	Echinops echinatus, Indian globe thistle, is a species of globe thistle, found in India Pakistan, and Sri Lanka.	Echinops echinatus	species
taxon rank	Athyrium medium is a species of fern in the Athyriaceae family.	Athyrium medium	species
taxon rank	Gogo ornatus is a species of catfish of the family Anchariidae endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Mangoro River basin.	Gogo ornatus	species
taxon rank	Microgale is a genus of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.	Microgale	genus
taxon rank	Primula allionii is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae, native to cliffs in southern France and northern Italy.	Primula allionii	species
taxon rank	Nybelinoides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Early Cretaceous.	Nybelinoides	genus
taxon rank	Malaconotus is a genus of bird in the bush-shrike family Malaconotidae .	Malaconotus	genus
taxon rank	Aerangis luteoalba is a species of epiphytic orchid native to eastern and central Africa.	Aerangis luteoalba	species
taxon rank	Hemignathini is a tribe of Hawaiian honeycreeper birds.	Hemignathini	tribe
taxon rank	Liatris provincialis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Godfrey's blazing star and Godfrey's gayflower.	Liatris provincialis	species
taxon rank	Lepanthes stenophylla is a species of orchid found from Mexico (Chiapas) to Venezuela.	Lepanthes stenophylla	species
taxon rank	Neraudia ovata, commonly known as Big Island maʻoloa, is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family, Urticaceae, that is endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii.	Neraudia ovata	species
taxon rank	Nebria lareyniei is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found on the island of Corsica, near France.	Nebria lareyniei	species
taxon rank	Belonogaster petiolata is a species of primitively eusocial wasp that dwells in southern Africa, in temperate or subhumid climate zones.	Belonogaster petiolata	species
taxon rank	Swima bombiviridis is a worm species that lives in the deep ocean.	Swima bombiviridis	species
taxon rank	Oberea bicoloricornis is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Pic in 1915.	Oberea bicoloricornis	species
taxon rank	Cynoglossus cadenati, commonly known as the Ghanaian tonguesole is a species of tonguefish.	Cynoglossus cadenati	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia xerographica is a species of bromeliad that is native to southern Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.	Tillandsia xerographica	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Asparus bicolor, which is found in South Africa.	Asparus	species
taxon rank	Paraspilotragus diversevittatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraspilotragus.	Paraspilotragus diversevittatus	species
taxon rank	Thevetia is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, first described for modern science as a genus in 1758.	Thevetia	genus
taxon rank	The Melobesioideae are a subfamily of Corallinacean Coralline alga with multiporate conceptacles.	Melobesioideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Oedothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae, containing the single species Oedothelphusa orientalis.	Oedothelphusa	species
taxon rank	Geoxus valdivianus, also known as the long-clawed mole mouse or Valdivian long-clawed akodont, is a species of rodent in the tribe Abrotrichini of family Cricetidae found in the Valdivian temperate rain forests and Magellanic subpolar forests of Argentina and Chile.	Geoxus	species
taxon rank	Phenacoccus manihoti is a scale insect species.	Phenacoccus manihoti	species
taxon rank	Caulophyllum is a small genus of perennial herbs in the family Berberidaceae.	Caulophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Asarum hartwegii is a species of wild ginger known by the common name Hartweg's wild ginger.	Asarum hartwegii	species
taxon rank	Ouranosaurus (meaning ``brave (monitor) lizard'') is a genus of herbivorous iguanodont dinosaur that lived during the early Cretaceous (late Aptian age) at some point between 125 and 112 million years ago, in what is now Africa.	Ouranosaurus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Funiliomyces biseptatus.	Funiliomyces	species
taxon rank	Neopanorpa is a genus of scorpionflies of Southeast Asia.	Neopanorpa	genus
taxon rank	Edingerella is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Early Triassic of Madagascar.	Edingerella	genus
taxon rank	Dinaelurus crassus is the ancestor of the fictional species, Dinaelurus illumina sapiens, in the Ratha or ``Named'' series by author Clare Bell.	Dinaelurus	species
taxon rank	Anabarilius liui liui is a subspecies of Anabarilius liui.	Anabarilius liui liui	subspecies
taxon rank	Penicillium antarcticum is an ubiquitous, endophytic fungus species of the genus Penicillium.	Penicillium antarcticum	species
taxon rank	Navarretia leucocephala is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name whitehead pincushionplant, or whitehead navarretia.	Navarretia leucocephala	species
taxon rank	Pseudofrea tanganjicae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudofrea.	Pseudofrea tanganjicae	species
taxon rank	It is the sole species in the genus Ismelia.	Ismelia	species
taxon rank	Barsine perpusilla is a species of moth of the Eribidae family, Arctiinae subfamily.	Barsine perpusilla	species
taxon rank	Psychromonas antarctica is a species of Proteobacteria.The halophilic and psychrophile bacterium was first isolated from a salinity pond in Antarctica.	Psychromonas antarctica	species
taxon rank	Exomalopsis is a genus of bees in the family Apidae.	Exomalopsis	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces ferralitis is a Gram-positive, aerobic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from ultramafic soil in New Caledonia.	Streptomyces ferralitis	species
taxon rank	Ihering's three-striped opossum (Monodelphis iheringi), is an opossum species found in Argentina and Brazil.	Ihering's three-striped opossum	species
taxon rank	Dracula sergioi is an epiphytic species of orchid in the genus Dracula.	Dracula sergioi	species
taxon rank	Agriocoris flavipes is an assassin bug in the monotypic genus of Agriocoris, belonging to the family Reduviidae.	Agriocoris	genus
taxon rank	Limodorum is an orchid genus in the family Orchidaceae.	Limodorum	genus
taxon rank	Cistanthe ambigua (formerly Calandrinia ambigua) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name desert pussypaws.	Cistanthe ambigua	species
taxon rank	Erythrocercus is a genus of bird found in Africa.	Erythrocercus	genus
taxon rank	Plataplochilus is a genus of poeciliid fishes native to Middle Africa.	Plataplochilus	genus
taxon rank	Peperomia nivalis is a species of plant native to Peru.	Peperomia nivalis	species
taxon rank	Tineidae is a family of moths in the order Lepidoptera.	Tineidae	family
taxon rank	Dipodium freycinetioides is an orchid species that is native to Palau.	Dipodium freycinetioides	species
taxon rank	Sedum is a large genus of flowering plants in the family Crassulaceae, members of which are commonly known as stonecrops.	Sedum	genus
taxon rank	Asterococcus is a genus of green algae in the order Chlamydomonadales.	Asterococcus	genus
taxon rank	Polygonum polygaloides is a North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common names milkwort knotweed and polygala knotweed.	Polygonum polygaloides	species
taxon rank	Prisopus is a genus of stick insects belonging to the family Pseudophasmatidae.	Prisopus	genus
taxon rank	Alicyclobacillus is a genus of Gram positive, rod-shaped, sporeforming, bacteria.	Alicyclobacillus	genus
taxon rank	However, Rhizanthella slateri is difficult to detect; it is usually located when the soil is disturbed, and there may well be more locations of the species within its known range.	Rhizanthella slateri	species
taxon rank	The Eurasian wryneck (Jynx torquilla) is a species of wryneck in the woodpecker family.	Eurasian wryneck	species
taxon rank	Cervus is a genus of deer that primarily are native to Eurasia, although one species occurs in northern Africa and another in North America.	Cervus	genus
taxon rank	Calostemma luteum is a perennial bulbous plant species in the Amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae).	Calostemma luteum	species
taxon rank	Carex cusickii is a species of sedge known by the common name Cusick's sedge.	Carex cusickii	species
taxon rank	Biscutella laevigata, the buckler-mustard, is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae.	Biscutella laevigata	species
taxon rank	Gallacoccus is a genus of the scale insects commonly known as beesoniids.	Gallacoccus	genus
taxon rank	Syacium is a genus of large-tooth flounders found in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.	Syacium	genus
taxon rank	Bourletiella viridescens is a species of springtail.	Bourletiella viridescens	species
taxon rank	Porophyllum gracile is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names odora and slender poreleaf.	Porophyllum gracile	species
taxon rank	Hypericum tetrapterum (syn. H. quadrangulum) is a herbaceous perennial plant species in the flowering plant family Hypericaceae.	Hypericum tetrapterum	species
taxon rank	Venerupis corrugata, the pullet carpet shell, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Venerupis corrugata	species
taxon rank	Arnica angustifolia is an Arctic and alpine species of plants in the sunflower family, known by the common names narrowleaf arnica and Arctic arnica.	Arnica angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Triphysaria versicolor is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name yellowbeak owl's-clover.	Triphysaria versicolor	species
taxon rank	Colletes hederae, the ivy bee, is a species of plasterer bee belonging to the family Colletidae subfamily Colletinae.	Colletes hederae	species
taxon rank	Xeromphalina fraxinophila is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.	Xeromphalina fraxinophila	species
taxon rank	The only species in the genus is Gonerilia seraphim.	Gonerilia	species
taxon rank	Paramysis bakuensis is a species of mysid crustacean from the genus Paramysis, named by the locality from where it was originally described, the town of Baku in Azerbaijan by the Caspian Sea.	Paramysis bakuensis	species
taxon rank	Amaurobius is a genus of araneomorph spiders with mostly holarctic distribution.	Amaurobius	genus
taxon rank	Speleogobius trigloides, also known as the Grotto goby, is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea where it is known to inhabit grottoes at depths of from 8 to 25 metres (26 to 82 ft).	Speleogobius trigloides	species
taxon rank	Synodontis gobroni is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Niger River basin where it is found in the nations of Guinea, Mali, Niger and Nigeria.	Synodontis gobroni	species
taxon rank	Omphalocera occidentalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Omphalocera.	Omphalocera occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Galium grayanum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Gray's bedstraw.	Galium grayanum	species
taxon rank	Eristalinus barclayi is a species of African hoverfly found in Malawi.	Eristalinus barclayi	species
taxon rank	Deronectes ferrugineus is a species of beetle in family Dytiscidae.	Deronectes ferrugineus	species
taxon rank	Molluginaceae are a family of flowering plants recognized by several taxonomists.	Molluginaceae	family
taxon rank	Bobtail squid (order Sepiolida) are a group of cephalopods closely related to cuttlefish.	Bobtail squid	order
taxon rank	Hydroginella wareni is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Hydroginella wareni	species
taxon rank	Calyptronoma plumeriana is a pinnately compound leaved palm species which is found in Cuba, Haiti and the Dominican Republic.	Calyptronoma plumeriana	species
taxon rank	Papilio birchallii is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Colombia, Panama and Costa Rica.	Papilio birchallii	species
taxon rank	The type species, Faxinalipterus minima was named and described in 2010 by José Fernando Bonaparte, Marina Bento Soares and César Leandro Schultz.	Faxinalipterus	species
taxon rank	Callionymus russelli is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters off of Papua New Guinea.	Callionymus russelli	species
taxon rank	Dimorphotheca cuneata , commonly known as the rain flower or white bietou, is a plant species native to South Africa (Fynbos, Succulent Karoo, Nama Karoo, etc.).	Dimorphotheca cuneata	species
taxon rank	Acidomonas methanolica is the only known species from the genus Acetobacter.	Acidomonas methanolica	species
taxon rank	Togninia is a fungus genus and the type genus in the family Togniniaceae.	Togninia	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium grevilleicola is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from Grevillea ilicifolia.	Penicillium grevilleicola	species
taxon rank	Zosteraeschna minuscula, the friendly hawker is a species of dragonfly in family Aeshnidae.	Zosteraeschna minuscula	species
taxon rank	Dictydiaethalium is a genus of slime molds composed of D. plumbeum and D. dictyosporum.	Dictydiaethalium	genus
taxon rank	Rochinia is a genus of crab in the family Epialtidae, containing the following species:	Rochinia	genus
taxon rank	Iroponera (from Latin ironia, ``assumed ignorance'', -pone, from the name of the subfamily) is a monotypic genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Iroponera	genus
taxon rank	Ekmanianthe is a genus of flowering plants in the family Bignoniaceae.	Ekmanianthe	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium montanense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces tannase.	Penicillium montanense	species
taxon rank	Ecdeiocolea monostachya is a species of grass-like plant from Western Australia.	Ecdeiocolea monostachya	species
taxon rank	Kanekotrochus infuscatusis, common name the dusky jewel top shell, a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails	Kanekotrochus infuscatus	species
taxon rank	Pseudosimochromis curvifrons is a species of mouthbrooding cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Pseudosimochromis curvifrons	species
taxon rank	Guinusia, is a genus of crabs containing the following species:	Guinusia	genus
taxon rank	Miomantis is a genus of praying mantis in the subfamily Miomantinae.	Miomantis	genus
taxon rank	Microvoluta royana is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutomitridae.	Microvoluta royana	species
taxon rank	Galearis fauriei is a species of orchid endemic to Japan (southern Honshu).	Galearis fauriei	species
taxon rank	Haworthia minima is a species of Haworthia succulent plant, from the far south of the Western Cape, South Africa.	Haworthia minima	species
taxon rank	Dorycera longiceps is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Tephritidae.	Dorycera longiceps	species
taxon rank	Oenogenes congrualis is a species of snout moth in the genus Oenogenes.	Oenogenes congrualis	species
taxon rank	Lycodesmus superbus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lycodesmus.	Lycodesmus superbus	species
taxon rank	Xenocretosuchus is a genus of probable tritylodont therapsids from the Aptian (Early Cretaceous) of Siberia, in the Russian Federation.	Xenocretosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Calamintha is a genus of plants that belongs to the family Lamiaceae.	Calamintha	genus
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Zyzyxia lundellii.	Zyzyxia	species
taxon rank	Squalius squalus, commonly known as the Italian chub, is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family Cyprinidae.	Squalius squalus	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus zonogaster, the Belted blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from Baja California to Peru including the Galapagos Islands.	Malacoctenus zonogaster	species
taxon rank	Rickettsia heilongjiangensis is a species of gram negative Alphaproteobacteria, within the spotted fever group, being carried by ticks.	Rickettsia heilongjiangensis	species
taxon rank	Nymphon gracile is a species of sea spider first described by William Elford Leach in 1863.	Nymphon gracile	species
taxon rank	Parentucellia is a small genus of flowering plants in the broomrape family containing about four species.	Parentucellia	genus
taxon rank	Metridium senile, common name the plumose anemone or frilled anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Metridiidae.	Metridium senile	species
taxon rank	Scapania sphaerifera is a species of plant in the Scapaniaceae family.	Scapania sphaerifera	species
taxon rank	Crassula helmsii, known as swamp stonecrop or New Zealand pigmyweed, is an aquatic or semiterrestrial species of succulent plant in the family Crassulaceae.	Crassula helmsii	species
taxon rank	Menegazzia testacea is a species of lichen found in New Zealand and Australia.	Menegazzia testacea	species
taxon rank	Eburiola geminata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Eburiola.	Eburiola	species
taxon rank	Scapanus is a genus of moles in the family Talpidae.	Scapanus	genus
taxon rank	Sticharium dorsale, the Sand crawler, is a species of clinid endemic to the coast of southern Australia.	Sticharium dorsale	species
taxon rank	Neorossia leptodons is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, from New South Wales (32°08′S 153°07′E) to South Australia (33°58′S 131°22′E).	Neorossia leptodons	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis conspicua is a species of praying mantis found in Burkina Faso and Senegal.	Sphodromantis conspicua	species
taxon rank	Coursetia is a large genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae.	Coursetia	genus
taxon rank	Hoeneodes sinensis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hoeneodes.	Hoeneodes sinensis	species
taxon rank	Coccographis nigrorubra is a species of beetles found in Laos and more generally in Southern Asia.	Coccographis nigrorubra	species
taxon rank	Bullia pura, common name the pure plough shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Bullia pura	species
taxon rank	The Cronartiaceae are a family of rust fungi in the order Uredinales.	Cronartiaceae	family
taxon rank	Tecticornia bibenda is a species of plant of the Salicornioideae family from Western Australia.	Tecticornia bibenda	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia ignesiae is a bromeliad species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia ignesiae	species
taxon rank	Homo naledi is an extinct species of hominin, which anthropologists first described in 2015 and have assigned to the genus Homo.	Homo naledi	species
taxon rank	Whatcheeria is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the Early Carboniferous of Iowa.	Whatcheeria	genus
taxon rank	Gelidocalamus is a genus of small to medium-sized bamboos in the grass family, native primarily to the mountains of eastern China, although one species (G. kunishii) is native to Taiwan and to the Nansei-shoto (Ryukyu Islands) region in Japan.	Gelidocalamus	species
taxon rank	Zodarion pseudoelegans is a spider species found in Spain, France and Ibiza.	Zodarion pseudoelegans	species
taxon rank	Galium arenarium or sand bedstraw is a plant species of the genus Galium.	Galium arenarium	species
taxon rank	Acropora cerealis is a species of acroporid coral found throughout the Indian and Pacific oceans, from the Red Sea and the Gulf of Aden to the Hawaiian Islands and the Johnston Atoll.	Acropora cerealis	species
taxon rank	Bifidobacterium breve is a bacterial species of the Bifidobacterium genus which has probiotic properties.	Bifidobacterium breve	species
taxon rank	Caladenia plicata, commonly known as the crab--lipped spider orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Caladenia plicata	species
taxon rank	Jaltomata antillana (Antilles false holly) is a plant species native to Jamaica, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Cuba and Puerto Rico.	Jaltomata antillana	species
taxon rank	Scapozygoceropsis albertisi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Scapozygoceropsis.	Scapozygoceropsis albertisi	species
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus deccanensis (common names: Deccan night frog, Deccan wrinkled frog) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the southern Western Ghats in Tamil Nadu and Kerala states, India.	Nyctibatrachus deccanensis	species
taxon rank	The Drepanosiphinae are a subfamily of the family Aphididae; while a few authors have suggested treating the group as a family, this has not been adopted in the most recent classifications.	Drepanosiphinae	family
taxon rank	Caridina is a genus of freshwater atyid shrimp.	Caridina	genus
taxon rank	Pecten jacobaeus, the Mediterranean scallop, is a species of scallop, an edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Pecten jacobaeus	species
taxon rank	Aegoceropsis fervida is a species of moth from the genus Aegoceropsis.	Aegoceropsis fervida	species
taxon rank	Ericameria ophitidis is a North American species of flowering shrubs in the daisy family.	Ericameria ophitidis	species
taxon rank	Demodioides transversevittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Demodioides.	Demodioides transversevittata	species
taxon rank	Ureaplasma canigenitalium is a species of Ureaplasma, a genus of bacteria belonging to the family Mycoplasmataceae.	Ureaplasma canigenitalium	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos acutus, the sharpleaf snowberry, is a North American species of trailing shrubs in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos acutus	species
taxon rank	Cuora serrata, originally described as Cuora galbinifrons serrata by Iverson & Mccord (1992) and later considered a distinct species by Obst & Fritz (1997) are hybrids as shown by the genetic studies of Stuart & Parham (2004).	Cuora serrata	species
taxon rank	Plagius is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.	Plagius	genus
taxon rank	Iresine diffusa (Juba's bush) is a species of plant in the Amaranthaceae family.	Iresine diffusa	species
taxon rank	The Sparidae are a family of fish in the order Perciformes, commonly called sea breams and porgies (North America).	Sparidae	family
taxon rank	Altica is a large genus of flea beetles in the subfamily Galerucinae, with about 300 species, distributed nearly worldwide.	Altica	genus
taxon rank	Ictidomys parvidens is a species of squirrel in the family Sciuridae.	Ictidomys parvidens	species
taxon rank	Allium hyalinum is a Californian species of wild onion known by the common name glassy onion.	Allium hyalinum	species
taxon rank	Scaphyglottis atwoodii is a species of epiphytic orchid from Costa Rica.	Scaphyglottis atwoodii	species
taxon rank	Solidago kralii, common name Kral's godenrod, is a North American plant species first described as a new species in 2003.	Solidago kralii	species
taxon rank	Anoectochilus setaceus, the Bristly Anoectochilus, is a species of orchid native to the island of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.	Anoectochilus setaceus	species
taxon rank	Megalancosaurus is a genus of extinct reptile from the Late Triassic period of Northern Italy, and one of the best known drepanosaurids.	Megalancosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Porcellio festai is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that is endemic to Italy.	Porcellio festai	species
taxon rank	Meconema is a genus of insects in the Tettigoniidae family.	Meconema	genus
taxon rank	Goniomonas is a genus of single-celled eukaryotes, including both freshwater and marine species.	Goniomonas	genus
taxon rank	Crocidura kegoensis, also known as the Ke Go shrew or Ke Go white-toothed shrew, is a species of shrew in the subfamily Crocidura described in 2004.	Crocidura kegoensis	species
taxon rank	Ceratomantis saussurii is a species of praying mantis native to Myanmar, Thailand, and Borneo.	Ceratomantis saussurii	species
taxon rank	Palpimanidae is a family of spiders, known as palp-footed spiders.	Palpimanidae	family
taxon rank	The tupelo leafminer moth (Antispila nysaefoliella) is a species of moth of the Heliozelidae family.	Antispila nysaefoliella	species
taxon rank	Peltorhamphus is a genus of righteye flounders native to the southwest Pacific Ocean around New Zealand and Norfolk Island (Australia).	Peltorhamphus	genus
taxon rank	Cardites antiquatus is a species of marine bivalve molluscs, in the family Carditidae.	Cardites antiquatus	species
taxon rank	Achnatherum pekinense (Chinese: 京芒草) is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family which is endemic to China where it can be found on elevation of 300--3,600 metres (980--11,810 ft) and was introduced to Japan and Korea as well.	Achnatherum pekinense	species
taxon rank	Quercus lanata or woolly-leaved oak is a species of Quercus native to southern and southeastern Asia (Himalayas, Assam, Bhutan, Nepal, Indochina (Vietnam, Myanmar, northern Thailand), and southwestern China (Guangxi, Tibet, Yunnan)).	Quercus lanata	species
taxon rank	Madysaurus is one of the most primitive cynodonts and is placed in its own family, Madysauridae.	Madysaurus	family
taxon rank	Songs Dysthaeta is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, containing the following species:	Dysthaeta	genus
taxon rank	Alangium griffithi is a species of plant in the Alangiaceae family.	Alangium griffithi	species
taxon rank	Lomatium utriculatum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name common lomatium or spring gold.	Lomatium utriculatum	species
taxon rank	Dolioletta gegenbauri is a species of tunicate in the family Doliolidae.	Dolioletta gegenbauri	species
taxon rank	Conus diadema, common name the diadem cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus diadema	species
taxon rank	The Xylariales are an order of fungi within the class Sordariomycetes (also known as Pyrenomycetes), subdivision Pezizomycotina, division Ascomycota.	Xylariales	order
taxon rank	Clanculus ormophorus is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus ormophorus	species
taxon rank	Odontothelphusa is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae, containing the following species:	Odontothelphusa	genus
taxon rank	Bathyphlebia is a genus of moths of the Saturniidae family.	Bathyphlebia	genus
taxon rank	Pseudepidalea brongersmai, also known as the Tiznit Toad, is an amphibian species found in northwest Africa, chiefly occurring in Morocco and Algeria.	Pseudepidalea brongersmai	species
taxon rank	Nicolla skrjabini is a species of trematode in the family Opecoelidae.	Nicolla skrjabini	species
taxon rank	Aconitum violaceum is a perennial species distributed in the Himalayan region of India, Pakistan and Nepal.	Aconitum violaceum	species
taxon rank	The Trichocephalida (Trichinellida or Trichurida in other classifications) is an order of parasitic Nematodes.	Trichocephalida	order
taxon rank	Legionella anisa is a Gram-negative bacterium, one of more than 40 species in the family Legionellaceae.	Legionella anisa	species
taxon rank	Lindbladia tubulina is a slime mould species from the order Liceida and the only member of its genus.	Lindbladia tubulina	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus canis is a group G beta-hemolytic species of Streptococcus.	Streptococcus canis	species
taxon rank	Acropyga is a genus of small formicine ants.	Acropyga	genus
taxon rank	Conus lividus, common name the livid cone, is a species of sophisticated predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus lividus	species
taxon rank	Peristichia toreta, common name the tower pyram, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Peristichia toreta	species
taxon rank	Pogonatum urnigerum is a species of moss in the family Polytrichaceae, commonly called urn haircap.	Pogonatum urnigerum	species
taxon rank	Osteobrama is a genus of cyprinid fish found in southern Asia consisting of eight species.	Osteobrama	genus
taxon rank	Actenicerus siaelandicus is a species of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae, subfamily Dendrometrinae.	Actenicerus siaelandicus	species
taxon rank	Ctenactis echinata is a free-living species of solitary disc coral in the family Fungiidae.	Ctenactis echinata	species
taxon rank	Fervidobacterium changbaicum is a species of thermophilic anaerobic bacteria.	Fervidobacterium changbaicum	species
taxon rank	Allium heteronema is a plant species endemic to Sichuan in China.	Allium heteronema	species
taxon rank	Characium marinum is a species of green algae (Chlorophyta).	Characium marinum	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron decorum (大白杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Myanmar and Guizhou, Sichuan, Xizang, and Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 1000--3300 meters.	Rhododendron decorum	species
taxon rank	Micromonospora is a genus of bacteria of the family Micromonosporaceae.	Micromonospora	genus
taxon rank	Cylindrobulla beauii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cylindrobullidae.	Cylindrobulla beauii	species
taxon rank	Limacella delicata is a mushroom species in the genus Limacella.	Limacella delicata	species
taxon rank	Ramaria flaccida is a species of coral fungus in the Gomphaceae family.	Ramaria flaccida	species
taxon rank	Apochiton is a genus of East African plants in the grass family.	Apochiton	genus
taxon rank	Rhagoletis batava (seabuckthorn fruit fly) is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.	Rhagoletis batava	species
taxon rank	Amelanchier laevis (commonly known as the smooth shadbush or Allegheny serviceberry) is a North American species of trees in the rose family, growing up to 9 metres (30 ft) tall.	Amelanchier laevis	species
taxon rank	Boa constrictor imperator is a nonvenomous boa constrictor subspecies found in Central America.	Boa constrictor imperator	subspecies
taxon rank	Origanum laevigatum (oregano) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, native to Cyprus, Syria, and Turkey.	Origanum laevigatum	species
taxon rank	Traditionally, all figbirds have been considered part of a single species, S. viridis, but all recent major authorities recognize three species, the Australasian figbird (S. viieilloti), the Timor figbird (S. viridis) and the Wetar figbird.	Australasian figbird	species
taxon rank	Oreostemma peirsonii (formerly Aster peirsonii) is a species of aster known by the common names Peirson's aster and Peirson's mountaincrown.	Oreostemma peirsonii	species
taxon rank	Oreopithecus has been claimed to exhibit features that are adaptations to upright walking, such as the presence of a lumbar curve, in distinction to otherwise similar species known from the same period.	Oreopithecus	species
taxon rank	A family Anurognathidae was named in 1928 by Franz Nopcsa von Felső-Szilvás (as the subfamily Anurognathinae) with Anurognathus as the type genus.	Anurognathidae	family
taxon rank	Pinus roxburghii (known as chir pine) is a species of pine.	Pinus roxburghii	species
taxon rank	Ctenorhabdotus capulus is an extinct species of ctenophore (or comb jelly), known from the Canadian Burgess shale in British Columbia.	Ctenorhabdotus	species
taxon rank	Juniperus gracilior is a species of conifer in the cypress family, Cupressaceae.	Juniperus gracilior	species
taxon rank	Cheiloneurus elegans is a parasitic wasp species in the genus Cheiloneurus.	Cheiloneurus elegans	species
taxon rank	Crataegus monogyna, known as common hawthorn or single-seeded hawthorn, is a species of hawthorn native to Europe, northwest Africa and western Asia.	Crataegus monogyna	species
taxon rank	Brighamia rockii, known as the Molokai ohaha or Pua ʻala in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family, Campanulaceae, that is endemic to the island of Molokaʻi in Hawaii.	Brighamia rockii	species
taxon rank	Peridiniales is an order of Dinoflagellates.	Peridiniales	order
taxon rank	Though the species Lactobacillus reuteri has been recognized for some time, knowledge of its probiotic properties did not come until much later.	Lactobacillus reuteri	species
taxon rank	Trichocentrum carthagenense is a species of orchid found from the Caribbean and Mexico to northern Brazil.	Trichocentrum carthagenense	species
taxon rank	Allosauridae was a family of medium to large sized carnivorous theropod dinosaurs.	Allosauridae	family
taxon rank	Canalipalpata, also known as bristle-footed annelids or fan-head worms, is an infraclass of polychaete worms, with 31 families in it including the Sabellida (tubeworms, fanworms, and feather duster worms) and the Alvinellidae, a family of deep-sea worms associated with hydrothermal vents.	Canalipalpata	infraclass
taxon rank	Ophiacodontidae is an extinct family of early synapsids from the Carboniferous and Permian.	Ophiacodontidae	family
taxon rank	Ecnomiohyla echinata (common name: Oaxacan fringe-limbed treefrog) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Ecnomiohyla echinata	species
taxon rank	Trogosus is an extinct genus of tillodont mammal.	Trogosus	genus
taxon rank	Vaccinium membranaceum is a species within the group of Vaccinium commonly referred to as huckleberry.	Vaccinium membranaceum	species
taxon rank	Cydia deshaisiana or jumping bean moth is a moth from Mexico that is most widely known as its larva, where it inhabits the carpels of seeds from several species of the shrub genus Sebastiania (S. pavoniana or S. palmeri).	Cydia deshaisiana	species
taxon rank	Bombacaceae were long recognised as a family of flowering plants or Angiospermae.	Bombacaceae	family
taxon rank	Ficus papyratia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ficidae, the fig shells.	Ficus papyratia	species
taxon rank	Bufo dodsoni, commonly known as Dodson's toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Bufo dodsoni	species
taxon rank	Calocybe is a small genus of about 40 species of mushroom, including St. George's mushroom, which is edible, and milky mushroom, which is edible and is cultivated in India.	Calocybe	genus
taxon rank	Alidus biplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Alidus.	Alidus biplagiatus	species
taxon rank	Codophila is a genus of 'shield bugs' belonging to the Pentatomidae family Pentatomidae subfamily.	Codophila	genus
taxon rank	Batrachedra amydraula, the lesser date moth, is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family found from Bangladesh to western Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Israel, Iraq, and Iran, as well as most of North Africa.	Batrachedra amydraula	species
taxon rank	Anelsonia is a monotypic genus in the mustard family containing the single species Anelsonia eurycarpa, which is known by the common name daggerpod.	Anelsonia	genus
taxon rank	Divaricella quadrisulcata, or the cross-hatched lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Divaricella quadrisulcata	species
taxon rank	Chimonobambusa tumidissinoda (筇竹, walking stick bamboo) is a bamboo species, endemic to southwest Sichuan and northeast Yunnan, China, that has been used for walking sticks since the Han Dynasty.	Chimonobambusa tumidissinoda	species
taxon rank	Alsinidendron lychnoides is a species of plant in the carnation family, Caryophyllaceae.	Alsinidendron lychnoides	species
taxon rank	Acrocoelus is a genus of alveolate.	Acrocoelus	genus
taxon rank	Technomyrmex elatior is a species of dolichoderine ant which is a widespread species that can be found in many Indo-Australian, Oriental, and Palaearctic regions.	Technomyrmex elatior	species
taxon rank	Triteleia grandiflora is a species of flowering plant known by the common names largeflower triteleia, largeflower tripletlily and wild hyacinth.	Triteleia grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Gentianella amarella (the autumn gentian or autumn felwort) is a species of the genus Gentianella.	Gentianella amarella	species
taxon rank	Albertadromeus is an extinct genus of orodromine thescelosaurid ornithopod dinosaur known from the upper part of the Late Cretaceous Oldman Formation (middle Campanian stage) of Alberta, Canada.	Albertadromeus	genus
taxon rank	Barbus ciscaucasicus (Terek barbel) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Barbus ciscaucasicus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pachythyrium parasiticum.	Pachythyrium	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis glabriuscula, with the common name Yellow pincushion, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Chaenactis glabriuscula	species
taxon rank	Baliesthes alboguttatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Baliesthes.	Baliesthes alboguttatus	species
taxon rank	Brentidae is a cosmopolitan family of primarily xylophagous beetles also known as straight-snouted weevils.	Brentidae	family
taxon rank	It contains the single species Bryantia caudata, which is found on Java.	Bryantia	species
taxon rank	Allotoca meeki, commonly known as the Zirahuen allotica or the tiro de Zirahuén, is a species of fish endemic to Lake Zirahuén, a small endorheic mountain lake in Michoacán state of central Mexico.	Allotoca meeki	species
taxon rank	Olivella biplicata, common names the ``purple dwarf olive'' ``purple olive shell'' or ``purple olivella'' is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olivellidae, the dwarf olives.	Olivella biplicata	species
taxon rank	Adrastus rachifer is a species of beetle from a family of elateridae in a genus of Adrastus.	Adrastus rachifer	species
taxon rank	Philydrosaurus is an extinct genus of choristoderan which existed in China during the Early Cretaceous.	Philydrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Charpentiera densiflora is a rare species of tree in the amaranth family known by the common names dense-flowered pāpala and Nā Pali Coast pāpala.	Charpentiera densiflora	species
taxon rank	Species There is only one known species, Monogereion carajensis, native to the State of Pará in northeastern Brazil.	Monogereion	species
taxon rank	Elmisaurus is an extinct genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Elmisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Latropiscis purpurissatus, the Sergeant Baker, is a species of flagfin endemic to Australia.	Latropiscis purpurissatus	species
taxon rank	Farlowella smithi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the middle Madeira River basin.	Farlowella smithi	species
taxon rank	Amurosaurus (/əˌmʊəroʊˈsɔːrəs/; ``Amur lizard'') is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaurid dinosaur found in the latest Cretaceous period (66 million years ago) of eastern Asia.	Amurosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Limosella aquatica is a widespread species of flowering plant in the figwort family known by the common name water mudwort.	Limosella aquatica	species
taxon rank	Charpentiera is a flowering plant genus in the pigweed family, Amaranthaceae.	Charpentiera	genus
taxon rank	Bacillariaceae is a family of diatoms in the phylum Heterokontophyta.	Bacillariaceae	family
taxon rank	Bulbostylis neglecta was first collected by William John Burchell in 1806, although the specimen was not described as a new species until 1884.	Bulbostylis neglecta	species
taxon rank	Stellerina xyosterna, the Pricklebreast poacher, is a species of poacher native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from Canada to northern Mexico.	Stellerina xyosterna	species
taxon rank	The only described species is Parathitarodes changi, which is found in Taiwan.	Parathitarodes	species
taxon rank	Cerithiopsis atalaya is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from European oceans.	Cerithiopsis atalaya	species
taxon rank	Neocollyris schillhammeri is a species of ground beetle in the genus Neocollyris in the family Carabidae.	Neocollyris schillhammeri	species
taxon rank	Ixalotriton parva, the dwarf false brook salamander, is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Ixalotriton parva	species
taxon rank	Rafflesia baletei is a parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia.	Rafflesia baletei	species
taxon rank	Bothriolepis (Greek; meaning ``pitted scale'' or ``trench scale'') is a widespread, abundant and diverse genus of antiarch placoderms, that was present during the Middle to Late Devonian period of the Paleozoic Era.	Bothriolepis	genus
taxon rank	Aphaenogaster mayri is an extinct species of ant in formicid subfamily Myrmicinae known from a series of Late Eocene fossils found in North America.	Aphaenogaster mayri	species
taxon rank	Georissa laevigata is a species of a land snail, a minute cave snail, gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrocenidae.	Georissa laevigata	species
taxon rank	Caseidae is an extinct family of synapsids from the Carboniferous and Permian period.	Caseidae	family
taxon rank	Thiseltonia is a genus of Australian plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the daisy family.	Thiseltonia	genus
taxon rank	Cinerocaris is an extinct genus of crustacean which existed in the United Kingdom.	Cinerocaris	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtandra tintinnabula is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common name Laupahoehoe cyrtandra.	Cyrtandra tintinnabula	species
taxon rank	Calocephalus aervoides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae, native to Western Australia.	Calocephalus aervoides	species
taxon rank	Miomantis caffra is a species of praying mantis native to Southern Africa.	Miomantis caffra	species
taxon rank	Merrillanthus is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1941.	Merrillanthus	species
taxon rank	Megalonema is a genus of long-whiskered catfishes native to South America.	Megalonema	genus
taxon rank	Deinopis is a genus of spiders known as net-casting spiders, gladiator spiders and ogre-faced spiders.	Deinopis	genus
taxon rank	Chemsakiellus taurus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Chemsakiellus.	Chemsakiellus taurus	species
taxon rank	Bouvier's red colobus (Piliocolobus bouvieri) is a species of colobus monkey rediscovered in the Republic of the Congo in 2015, after four decades without a confirmed sighting.	Bouvier's red colobus	species
taxon rank	Sarcodon joeides (the epithet is sometimes spelled ionides or jonides) is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae.	Sarcodon joeides	species
taxon rank	Euchiloglanis kishinouyei is a species of sisorid catfish native to Asia.	Euchiloglanis kishinouyei	species
taxon rank	Sceloporus occidentalis becki, commonly known as the island fence lizard, is a subspecies of the western fence lizard, Sceloporus occidentalis.	Sceloporus occidentalis becki	subspecies
taxon rank	Scutus breviculus is a species of large sea snail or limpet with the common name ``shield shell''.	Scutus breviculus	species
taxon rank	Rhinanthus angustifolius or Greater Yellow-rattle is a Lamiales plant species of the genus Rhinanthus.	Rhinanthus angustifolius	species
taxon rank	Oreaster reticulatus, commonly known as the red cushion sea star or the West Indian sea star, is a species of marine invertebrate, a starfish in the family Oreasteridae.	Oreaster reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Euchilichthys royauxi is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Angola, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia.	Euchilichthys royauxi	species
taxon rank	Extra extra or Marginella extra is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.	Extra extra	species
taxon rank	Lechriaspis is an extinct genus of poraspid heterostracan agnathan known from the Early Devonian of northern Utah, western United States.	Lechriaspis	genus
taxon rank	Caviomorpha is the rodent infraorder or parvorder that unites all New World hystricognaths.	Caviomorpha	parvorder
taxon rank	Mammillaria hahniana (old lady cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae, native to central Mexico.	Mammillaria hahniana	species
taxon rank	Lepetopsidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Patellogastropoda.	Lepetopsidae	family
taxon rank	Octomeria chamaeleptotes is a species of orchid occurring from Brazil to Argentina (Misiones).	Octomeria chamaeleptotes	species
taxon rank	Cotaena mediana is a species of sedge moths, and for a long time the only species in the genus Cotaena.	Cotaena mediana	species
taxon rank	Bungarus candidus, commonly known as the Malayan krait or blue krait, is a species of krait, a venomous elapid snake.	Bungarus candidus	species
taxon rank	Taxitheliella is a genus of moss in family Sematophyllaceae.	Taxitheliella	genus
taxon rank	Hymenoxys brachyactis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names East View rubberweed and tall bitterweed.	Hymenoxys brachyactis	species
taxon rank	The genus (Ziapelta) was named after the Zia sun symbol, a religious image for the Zia people and an element of the flag of New Mexico, and the Latin word pelta (``shield''), referring to ankylosaurids' osteoderms.	Ziapelta	genus
taxon rank	Megacephala martii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830.	Megacephala martii	species
taxon rank	Hydrophis melanocephalus, commonly known as the slender-necked sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.	Hydrophis melanocephalus	species
taxon rank	Dendroctonus frontalis, the southern pine beetle, is a species of bark beetle native to the forests of southern United States, Mexico and Central America.	Dendroctonus frontalis	species
taxon rank	Senna socotrana is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Yemen.	Senna socotrana	species
taxon rank	Anthocercis, commonly known as tailflower, is a genus of shrubs which are endemic in southern temperate Australia with the center of distribution in the South West Botanical Province of Western Australia.	Anthocercis	genus
taxon rank	Stictoleptura rubra, the Red-brown Longhorn Beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae.	Stictoleptura rubra	species
taxon rank	Jatropha costaricensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Costa Rican jatropha.	Jatropha costaricensis	species
taxon rank	Heterophyidae is a family of intestinal flukes of the class trematoda.	Heterophyidae	family
taxon rank	Stromatopelma fumigatum is a species of spider, in the theraphosidae family, currently contained within the Stromatopelminae subfamily.	Stromatopelma fumigatum	species
taxon rank	Proteromonas is a genus of heterokont.	Proteromonas	genus
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus babai is a species of hermit crab native to Wakayama.	Ciliopagurus babai	species
taxon rank	The genus Pentacosmodon, named by Jepsen in 1940, is known from the species Pentacosmodon pronus.	Pentacosmodon	species
taxon rank	Heterosperma is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, native to North and South America.	Heterosperma	genus
taxon rank	Davidaster is a genus of crinoids.	Davidaster	genus
taxon rank	Calochortus tolmiei is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Tolmie star-tulip and pussy ears.	Calochortus tolmiei	species
taxon rank	Thalassia testudinum, commonly known as turtlegrass, is a species of marine seagrass.	Thalassia testudinum	species
taxon rank	Galium sterneri or limestone bedstraw is a plant species of the Rubiaceae.	Galium sterneri	species
taxon rank	Odontorchilus is a small genus of South American birds in the Troglodytidae family.	Odontorchilus	genus
taxon rank	The relationship of this taxon to other taxa within the Sordariomycetes class is unknown (incertae sedis), and it has not yet been placed with certainty into any order.This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Teracosphaeria petroica.	Teracosphaeria	species
taxon rank	The Rock firefinch (Lagonosticta sanguinodorsalis) is a species of estrildid finch found in northern Nigeria.	Rock firefinch	species
taxon rank	Latrodectus mactans, known as the southern black widow or simply black widow, is a highly venomous species of spider in the genus Latrodectus.	Latrodectus mactans	species
taxon rank	Gibasis is genus of flowering plants within the Commelinaceae family, first described in 1837.	Gibasis	genus
taxon rank	Hypancistrus is a genus of loricariid catfish originating from the Amazon basin in South America.	Hypancistrus	genus
taxon rank	Empis stercorea is a large species of dance fly, in the fly family Empididae.	Empis stercorea	species
taxon rank	The holotrichous lady's mantle (Alchemilla jaroschenkoi) is a species of lady's mantle that is endemic to Azerbaijan, where it is only known from near Kiçik Cheurly.	Alchemilla jaroschenkoi	species
taxon rank	Armadillidium pictum is a species of woodlouse which occurs over most of Europe, except the Mediterranean Basin and Southeast Europe.	Armadillidium pictum	species
taxon rank	Euthynnus lineatus, the black skipjack or black skipjack tuna, is a species of ray-finned bony fish in the family Scombridae.	Euthynnus lineatus	species
taxon rank	Palaeomystella is a genus of moths in the Agonoxenidae family.	Palaeomystella	genus
taxon rank	Luscosmodicum beaveri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Luscosmodicum.	Luscosmodicum beaveri	species
taxon rank	The spider species Nephila senegalensis is commonly known as the banded-legged golden orb-web spider.	Nephila senegalensis	species
taxon rank	Enchelyurus brunneolus is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean, around Hawaii.	Enchelyurus brunneolus	species
taxon rank	Suuwassea (meaning ``ancient thunder'') is a genus of dicraeosaurid sauropod dinosaur found in the Upper Jurassic strata of the Morrison Formation, located in southern Carbon County, Montana, USA.	Suuwassea	genus
taxon rank	Iris boissieri (also known as the 'Yellowbeard Iris'), is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Xiphium.	Iris boissieri	species
taxon rank	Chlorobium (also known as Chlorochromatium) is a genus of green sulfur bacteria.	Chlorobium	genus
taxon rank	Elaeophora sagitta is a parasitic nematode found in the heart, coronary arteries and pulmonary arteries of several ruminant species and African buffaloes in Africa.	Elaeophora sagitta	species
taxon rank	Allium sanbornii is a North American species of wild onion known by the common name Sanborn's onion.	Allium sanbornii	species
taxon rank	Novopsocus is a genus in the Pseudocaeciliidae family, with, until 2008, one described species endemic to New Guinea.	Novopsocus	genus
taxon rank	Cedrela odorata is a commercially important species of tree in the chinaberry family, Meliaceae, commonly known as Spanish cedar or Cuban cedar.	Cedrela odorata	species
taxon rank	Annamia is a small genus of gastromyzontid loaches native to Southeast Asia, with these species, though one of them is of doubtful validity and identity:	Annamia	genus
taxon rank	Dolicholatirus cayohuesonicus is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, tulip snails and their allies.	Dolicholatirus cayohuesonicus	species
taxon rank	Kuszholia (meaning ``Milky Way bird'' after the Kazakh term for the Milky Way, kus zholi) is the name given to a genus of primitive birds or bird-like dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous.	Kuszholia	genus
taxon rank	Xylorhiza tortifolia is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Mojave-aster and Mojave woodyaster.	Xylorhiza tortifolia	species
taxon rank	The Gobionellinae are a subfamily of fish in the family Gobiidae, the gobies.	Gobionellinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Chlamys swifti, common name Swift's scallop, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Chlamys swifti	species
taxon rank	It was first discovered by western scientists only in October 1999 and was shortly thereafter described as a new genus and species, namely Xanthocyparis vietnamensis, closely related to Nootka cypress (Xanthocyparis nootkatensis), which was also transferred to this new genus.	Xanthocyparis vietnamensis	species
taxon rank	Zodarion maculatum is a spider species found in Portugal, Spain, Sicily and Morocco.	Zodarion maculatum	species
taxon rank	Bouliachelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from Cretaceous.	Bouliachelys	genus
taxon rank	Tritonioidea is a superfamily of small sea slugs, nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Dendronotida.	Tritonioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Myosotella myosotis, common name the mouse ear snail, is a European species of small, salt marsh snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.	Myosotella myosotis	species
taxon rank	Microstomatichthyoborus is a genus of distichodontid fishes endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Microstomatichthyoborus	genus
taxon rank	Camissonia strigulosa is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name sandysoil suncup.	Camissonia strigulosa	species
taxon rank	Gerbera (/ˈdʒɜːrbərə/ or /ˈɡɜːrbərə/) L. is a genus of plants in the Asteraceae (daisy family).	Gerbera	genus
taxon rank	Laetesia is a genus of sheet weavers that was described by Simon in 1908.	Laetesia	genus
taxon rank	Epiphyllum phyllanthus, commonly known as the climbing cactus is a species of epiphytic cacti.	Epiphyllum phyllanthus	species
taxon rank	Pterichthyodes is a genus of antiarch placoderm fishes from the Devonian period.	Pterichthyodes	genus
taxon rank	Mesorhizobium tianshanense, formerly known as Rhizobium tianshanense, is a Gram negative species of bacteria found in the root nodules of many plant species.	Mesorhizobium tianshanense	species
taxon rank	The Indomalayan pencil-tailed tree mouse (Chiropodomys gliroides) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Indomalayan pencil-tailed tree mouse	species
taxon rank	Oenanthe pimpinelloides is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name corky-fruited water-dropwort.	Oenanthe pimpinelloides	species
taxon rank	Zodarion emarginatum is a spider species found in France, Corsica, Malta and Greece.	Zodarion emarginatum	species
taxon rank	Cherentes niveilateris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cherentes.	Cherentes niveilateris	species
taxon rank	Hemimeridae is a family of earwigs, the only family in the suborder Hemimerina, one of the four suborders in the order Dermaptera.	Hemimeridae	family
taxon rank	Neblinichthys yaravi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Kukenan River basin.	Neblinichthys yaravi	species
taxon rank	The Calabozoidae are a family of isopod crustaceans, placed in its own order, Calabozoida or Calabozoidea.	Calabozoidae	family
taxon rank	Macropodanthus cootesii, known as Cootes' Macropodanthus, is a species from the family Orchidaceae that is endemic to the Philippines.	Macropodanthus cootesii	species
taxon rank	The suborder Sciuromorpha contains 307 living species in 61 genera and seven families.	Sciuromorpha	suborder
taxon rank	Bulinus hightoni is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Bulinus hightoni	species
taxon rank	Astrosarkus idipi is a species of sea star in the family Oreasteridae.	Astrosarkus	species
taxon rank	Dischidia diphylla was described by Adolph Daniel Edward Elmer but never validly published since Elmer failed to include Latin diagnoses or descriptions for the species he described after 1934.	Dischidia diphylla	species
taxon rank	Saponaria ocymoides (rock soapwort or tumbling Ted) is a species of semi-evergreen perennial flowering plant belonging to the family Caryophyllaceae, native to south western and southern central Europe.	Saponaria ocymoides	species
taxon rank	Ancylus is a genus of very small, freshwater, air-breathing limpets.	Ancylus	genus
taxon rank	Cyperus acuminatus is a common species of sedge known by several common names, including tapertip flatsedge and pale umbrella-sedge.	Cyperus acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Echinocystis is a monotypic genus in the gourd/melon/cucumber family Cucurbitaceae, with the sole species Echinocystis lobata, commonly called wild cucumber, prickly cucumber, or balsam apple.	Echinocystis	species
taxon rank	Sycon faulkneri is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Sycettidae.	Sycon faulkneri	species
taxon rank	Arthuria dubia is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Arthuria from Australia.	Arthuria dubia	species
taxon rank	Restrepia aspasicensium is a species of orchid occurring from Colombia to northwestern Venezuela.	Restrepia aspasicensium	species
taxon rank	Parcoblatta americana, the western wood cockroach, is a species of wood cockroach that occurs in Mexico and the western United States.	Parcoblatta americana	species
taxon rank	Terminalia petiolaris, commonly known as blackberry tree or billygoat plum, or marool in the local Bardi language, is a species of plant in the Combretaceae family.	Terminalia petiolaris	species
taxon rank	Cyrtandra viridiflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family.	Cyrtandra viridiflora	species
taxon rank	Gonepteryx maderensis, the Madeira Brimstone, is a species of butterfly in the Pieridae family.	Gonepteryx maderensis	species
taxon rank	Hakea epiglottis is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae, endemic to Tasmania.	Hakea epiglottis	species
taxon rank	The apple humble-bee or apple bumblebee (Bombus pomorum) is a species of bumblebee.	Bombus pomorum	species
taxon rank	Apolania is a monotypic genus of wandering spider, containing the species Apolania segmentata.	Apolania	genus
taxon rank	Omoglymmius hamatus is a species of beetle in the family Rhysodidae.	Omoglymmius hamatus	species
taxon rank	Neophygas microcephalus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Neophygas.	Neophygas	species
taxon rank	Ochropyge is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Ochropyge	genus
taxon rank	Mesoclemmys perplexa is a species of turtle from Northeast Brazil.	Mesoclemmys perplexa	species
taxon rank	Conus augur, common name the auger cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus augur	species
taxon rank	Batrachedra arenosella, the coconut moth, is a species of moth of the Batrachedridae family found in India, Indonesia, Malaya, and La Réunion, as well as New Zealand and Australia, from the Northern Territory and northern Queensland to New South Wales and South Australia.	Batrachedra arenosella	species
taxon rank	Sthenurus (``strong tail'') is an extinct genus of kangaroo.	Sthenurus	genus
taxon rank	Tartarocreagris texana is a species of arachnid in family Neobisiidae.	Tartarocreagris texana	species
taxon rank	Delphinium gracilentum is a species of larkspur known by the common name pine forest larkspur.	Delphinium gracilentum	species
taxon rank	Allium plurifoliatum is a Chinese species of wild onion.	Allium plurifoliatum	species
taxon rank	Completoria is a fungal genus in the monotypic family Completoriaceae, of the order Entomophthorales.	Completoria	genus
taxon rank	Eremina desertorum (formerly Helix desertorum) is a species of land snail in the genus Eremina.	Eremina desertorum	species
taxon rank	Typhlonus nasus is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans at depths from 3,935 to 5,100 m (12,910 to 16,732 ft).	Typhlonus nasus	species
taxon rank	Guapira is a genus of Neotropical shrubs in Four O'Clock Family.	Guapira	genus
taxon rank	Zodarion scutatum is a spider species found in Slovenia and Croatia.	Zodarion scutatum	species
taxon rank	Yersinia bercovieri is a Gram-negative species of enteric bacteria.	Yersinia bercovieri	species
taxon rank	Sassafras randaiense is a species of deciduous tree in the Lauraceae family belonging to the genus Sassafras.	Sassafras randaiense	species
taxon rank	Bromus berteroanus, commonly known as Chilean chess, is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family native to drier areas of North and South America.	Bromus berteroanus	species
taxon rank	Houlletia brocklehurstiana is a species of orchid native to Brazil (from Rio de Janeiro to Paraná).	Houlletia brocklehurstiana	species
taxon rank	Allium nevadense is a species of wild onion known by the common name Nevada onion.	Allium nevadense	species
taxon rank	Acaena emittens is a species of perennial plant limited to scrubland and forest clearings at an altitude of 450-1500 m in central North Island, New Zealand.	Acaena emittens	species
taxon rank	Astroloma conostephioides, commonly known as Flame Heath, is small shrub species in the family Ericaceae.	Astroloma conostephioides	species
taxon rank	Jianghanichthys is an extinct genus of is a bony fishes or Osteichthyes, belonging to the order Cypriniformes.	Jianghanichthys	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus tennesseensis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Tennessee milkvetch.	Astragalus tennesseensis	species
taxon rank	Hesperocorixa castanea is a species of water boatman in the family Corixidae in the order Hemiptera.	Hesperocorixa castanea	species
taxon rank	Beloniformes is an order composed of six families (and about 264 species) of freshwater and marine ray-finned fish: the Adrianichthyidae (ricefish and medakas);	Beloniformes	order
taxon rank	Anisus calculiformis is a very small species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Anisus calculiformis	species
taxon rank	A morpho butterfly is one of over 29 accepted species and 147 accepted subspecies of butterflies in the genus Morpho.	Morpho	genus
taxon rank	Clathrina coriacea is a species of calcareous sponge belonging to the family Clathrinidae.	Clathrina coriacea	species
taxon rank	Mimulus breviflorus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name shortflower monkeyflower.	Mimulus breviflorus	species
taxon rank	Plionarctos is an extinct genus of mammals of the family Ursidae (bears) endemic to North America and Europe during Miocene through Pleistocene, living from ~10.3--3.3 Mya, existing for about 7 million years.	Plionarctos	genus
taxon rank	Diplodocoidea is a superfamily of sauropod dinosaurs, which included some of the longest animals of all time, including slender giants like Supersaurus, Diplodocus, Apatosaurus, and Amphicoelias.	Diplodocoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Vitis rotundifolia, or muscadine, is a grapevine species native to the southeastern and south-central United States from Florida to Delaware, west to eastern Texas and Oklahoma.	Vitis rotundifolia	species
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus gutturosus, the Chabanaud's river frog or guttural puddle frog, is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.	Phrynobatrachus gutturosus	species
taxon rank	Hulkepholis is an extinct genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian from the Early Cretaceous of southern England and eastern Spain.	Hulkepholis	genus
taxon rank	Thysanophoridae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Thysanophoridae	family
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum trichorhachis is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum, which is native to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.	Bulbophyllum trichorhachis	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis welcommei is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria though it is possible that this species may be extinct.	Haplochromis welcommei	species
taxon rank	Chondrinouvina is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods; the trilobites.	Chondrinouvina	genus
taxon rank	Auzakia is a genus of brush-footed butterflies containing a single species, Auzakia danava, which is found from Tibet to Sumatra.	Auzakia	genus
taxon rank	Draba howellii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names rosette draba and Howell's draba.	Draba howellii	species
taxon rank	Erigeron hyperboreus is a rare Arctic species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Tundra fleabane.	Erigeron hyperboreus	species
taxon rank	Polysphondylium is a genus of cellular slime mould, including the species Polysphondylium pallidum.	Polysphondylium	genus
taxon rank	Acacia tomentosa is a species of Acacia described by Willd.	Acacia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Morpho aega is a species group which may be composed of several species.	Morpho aega	species
taxon rank	Pecten excavatus is a species of scallop, marine bivalve molluscs in the taxonomic family Pectinidae.	Pecten excavatus	species
taxon rank	Zostera tasmanica is a species of eelgrass native to the seacoasts of Tasmania, New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Western Australia.	Zostera tasmanica	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia pruinosa, the fuzzywuzzy airplant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia pruinosa	species
taxon rank	Glossopteris (Ancient Greek: γλώσσα glossa, meaning ``tongue'', because the leaves were tongue-shaped) is the largest and best-known genus of the extinct order of seed ferns known as Glossopteridales (or in some cases as Arberiales or Dictyopteridiales).	Glossopteris	genus
taxon rank	Epioblasma triquetra, common name the Snuffbox, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Epioblasma triquetra	species
taxon rank	Phacelia grandiflora is a species of phacelia known by the common name largeflower phacelia.	Phacelia grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Otiorhynchus armadillo is a species of broad-nosed weevil belonging to the family Curculionidae, subfamily Entiminae.	Otiorhynchus armadillo	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum macrocarpum, commonly known as Epidendrum schomburgkii, is a species of orchid in the genus Epidendrum, and the largest-flowering crucifix orchid species.	Epidendrum macrocarpum	species
taxon rank	Symphysodon discus, the red discus or Heckel discus, is a species of cichlid native to the Amazon Basin, where found near the mouth of the Rio Negro, in the lower Abacaxis River and lower Trombetas River.	Symphysodon discus	species
taxon rank	Thespesia is a genus of 18 flowering shrubs and trees in the Hibiscus family, Malvaceae, although within the family they are more closely related to cotton plants (Gossypium).	Thespesia	genus
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Rubroxena rubra, which is found in Ecuador (Azuay Province).	Rubroxena	species
taxon rank	Erigeron eatonii is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Eaton's fleabane.	Erigeron eatonii	species
taxon rank	Acacia adoxa, commonly known as the grey-whorled wattle, is a species of plant in the legume family that is native to northern Australia.	Acacia adoxa	species
taxon rank	Nibea soldado, commonly known as the soldier croaker, is a species of fish native to the northern Indian and western Pacific Oceans, and found in estuaries of south and southeast Asia, Indochina and northern Australia.	Nibea soldado	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Endeixis exalata, which is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Endeixis	species
taxon rank	Bertolonia is a genus consisting of 14 species of pretty, dwarf, creeping, tender perennials, native to tropical South America.	Bertolonia	genus
taxon rank	Gonyosoma frenatum is a species of colubrid snake found in Southeast Asia.	Gonyosoma frenatum	species
taxon rank	Hymenoxys jamesii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name James's rubberweed.	Hymenoxys jamesii	species
taxon rank	The genus contains only one species, Pericallia matronula, which can be found in central and eastern Europe, Kazakhstan, southern Siberia, northern Mongolia, Amur Region, Primorye, Sakhalin, Kunashir, northern and northeastern China, Korea and Japan.	Pericallia	species
taxon rank	Litaneutria borealis is a species of praying mantis found in North America.	Litaneutria borealis	species
taxon rank	Centronycteris is a genus of sac-winged bats.	Centronycteris	genus
taxon rank	Festuca glauca, commonly known as blue fescue, is a species of flowering plant in the grass family, Poaceae.	Festuca glauca	species
taxon rank	Nebria crassicornis is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in such US states as Montana and Washington.	Nebria crassicornis	species
taxon rank	Townsendia scapigera is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name tufted Townsend daisy.	Townsendia scapigera	species
taxon rank	Jocara cacalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Jocara It was described by C. Felder, R. Felder and Rogenhofer in 1875.	Jocara cacalis	species
taxon rank	Oileides is a Neotropical genus of Spread-winged skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Oileides	genus
taxon rank	Ichthyomyzon is a genus of northern lampreys in the sub-family Petromyzontinae, native to North America.	Ichthyomyzon	genus
taxon rank	Pristimantis bacchus is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family, sometimes known as the wine robber frog.	Pristimantis bacchus	species
taxon rank	Heteroteuthinae is a subfamily of bobtail squid encompassing five genera and around ten species.	Heteroteuthinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Chromosera cyanophylla is a species of fungus in the genus Chromosera.	Chromosera cyanophylla	species
taxon rank	Aparallactus turneri, or the Malindi centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Aparallactus turneri	species
taxon rank	Ischnura heterosticta, one of at least two species with the common name common bluetail, is a common Australian damselfly of the family Coenagrionidae.	Ischnura heterosticta	species
taxon rank	Ascalaphus sinister is a species of owlfly from northern India.	Ascalaphus sinister	species
taxon rank	Helianthus smithii is a rare North American species of sunflower known by the common name Smith's sunflower.	Helianthus smithii	species
taxon rank	Dolichoderus luridivenosus is an extinct species of Miocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus.	Dolichoderus luridivenosus	species
taxon rank	Maja squinado (the European spider crab, spiny spider crab or spinous spider crab) is a species of migratory crab found in the north-east Atlantic and the Mediterranean Sea.	Maja squinado	species
taxon rank	Ikanogavialis is an extinct genus of gryposuchine gavialoid crocodilian.	Ikanogavialis	genus
taxon rank	Propherallodus briggsi is a species of clingfish native to the coasts of Japan.	Propherallodus briggsi	species
taxon rank	Melanotus brunniopacus is a species of beetle in the Elateridae family.	Melanotus brunniopacus	species
taxon rank	Alcithoe haurakiensis is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Alcithoe haurakiensis	species
taxon rank	Camponotus gigas or giant forest ant is a large species of ant, native to Southeast Asian forests.	Camponotus gigas	species
taxon rank	Perdicula is a genus of quail which contains the following four species:	Perdicula	genus
taxon rank	Agranolamia poensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Agranolamia.	Agranolamia poensis	species
taxon rank	Stauropteridaceae is a family of ferns or fern-like plants from the Devonian and Upper Carboniferous.	Stauropteridaceae	family
taxon rank	Euzopherodes albicans is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzopherodes.	Euzopherodes albicans	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis pachinota is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Sudan.	Sphodromantis pachinota	species
taxon rank	Cypraeovula edentulata, common name : the toothless cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Cypraeovula edentula	species
taxon rank	Labeobarbus mungoensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Cameroon in Africa.	Labeobarbus mungoensis	species
taxon rank	The San Francisco garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis tetrataenia) is a slender multi-colored subspecies of the common garter snake.	San Francisco garter snake	subspecies
taxon rank	Lithops is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family, Aizoaceae.	Lithops	genus
taxon rank	Malacoctenus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the eastern Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean.	Malacoctenus	genus
taxon rank	Juncus bufonius, known commonly as toad rush, is a flowering plant species complex in the rush family Juncaceae.	Juncus bufonius	species
taxon rank	Brickellia cylindracea (gravelbar brickellbush) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia cylindracea	species
taxon rank	Diazonidae is a family of sea squirts belonging to the suborder Phlebobranchia.	Diazonidae	family
taxon rank	Orthotylus virescens is a species of dark green coloured bug from the Miridae family that can be found on Crete and in such countries as Andorra, Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland, Romania, all states of former Yugoslavia, and Western Europe (except Iceland) and was introduced to North America.	Orthotylus virescens	species
taxon rank	Ashfordia granulata, common name the ``silky snail'', is a species of medium-sized air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Ashfordia granulata	species
taxon rank	Atherinella is a genus of Neotropical silversides from freshwater, brackish and marine habitats in Mexico, Central America and South America.	Atherinella	genus
taxon rank	Glisachaemus is an extinct monotypic genus of planthopper in the Cixiidae subfamily Cixiinae and at present, it contains the single species Glisachaemus jonasdamzeni.	Glisachaemus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthobunocephalus nicoi is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Acanthobunocephalus of the family Aspredinidae.	Acanthobunocephalus nicoi	species
taxon rank	Alexandrinia is an extinct genus of mayflies which existed in what is now Russia and the United States during the Permian period.	Alexandrinia	genus
taxon rank	Linanthus pungens (syn. Leptodactylon pungens) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names granite prickly-phlox and granite gilia.	Linanthus pungens	species
taxon rank	Lophophanes is a small genus of birds in the Paridae family.	Lophophanes	genus
taxon rank	Heliamphora ionasi is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant thought to be endemic to the plateau that lies between the bases of Ilu Tepui and Tramen Tepui in Venezuela.	Heliamphora ionasi	species
taxon rank	Syrnolopsis lacustris is a species of medium-sized freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Syrnolopsis lacustris	species
taxon rank	Cyclospora is a genus of apicomplexan parasites.	Cyclospora	genus
taxon rank	Sonchus acaulis is a plant species in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family.	Sonchus acaulis	species
taxon rank	The Neoscopelidae (blackchins or neoscopelids) are a small family of deep-sea fish closely related to the lanternfish.	Neoscopelidae	family
taxon rank	Lavandula stoechas (French lavender, Spanish lavender, or topped lavender) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, occurring naturally in Mediterranean countries.	Lavandula stoechas	species
taxon rank	Hydrophilus palpalis is a species of water scavenger beetles belonging to the Hydrophilidae family.	Hydrophilus palpalis	species
taxon rank	Heuchera parishii is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common names Mill Creek alumroot and Parish's alumroot.	Heuchera parishii	species
taxon rank	Platymeris rhadamanthus, the Red spot assassin bug, is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Reduviidae.	Platymeris rhadamanthus	species
taxon rank	Balanophyllia bonaespei is a species of solitary cup coral, a stony coral in the family Dendrophylliidae.	Balanophyllia bonaespei	species
taxon rank	Sthenopus mollis is a species of velvetfish is native to the western Pacific Ocean where it is known from China and Thailand.	Sthenopus mollis	species
taxon rank	Helvella cupuliformis is a species of fungi in the Helvellaceae family, Pezizales order, described in 1966.	Helvella cupuliformis	species
taxon rank	Pachyteria dimidiata, the Mimusop Stem Borer or Elder Borer Beetle, is a species of round-necked longhorn beetles of the subfamily Cerambycinae.	Pachyteria dimidiata	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes kuwamurai is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northwest Pacific ocean.	Cirripectes kuwamurai	species
taxon rank	Carabus odoratus is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Russia and East Palearctic.	Carabus odoratus	species
taxon rank	Delphinium denudatum is a species of the genus Delphinium.	Delphinium denudatum	species
taxon rank	Galium proliferum (limestone bedstraw) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium proliferum	species
taxon rank	Cimex antennatus is a species of cimicidae (bed bugs) endemic to North America.	Cimex antennatus	species
taxon rank	Acer nipponicum, occasionally called the Nippon Maple, is a species of maple native to Japan.	Acer nipponicum	species
taxon rank	Enantia melite is a species of butterfly that is found from Central America to the Amazon Basin.	Enantia melite	species
taxon rank	Aglaia laxiflora is a tree species of the kingdom Plantae in the Meliaceae family.	Aglaia laxiflora	species
taxon rank	Pseudocoedomea rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudocoedomea.	Pseudocoedomea rondoni	species
taxon rank	Hedeoma pulegioides (American pennyroyal, or American false pennyroyal) is a species of Hedeoma native to eastern North America, from Nova Scotia and southern Ontario west to Minnesota and South Dakota, and south to northern Georgia and Arkansas.	Hedeoma pulegioides	species
taxon rank	Serruria florida is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae, endemic to South Africa.	Serruria florida	species
taxon rank	Neotrigonia margaritacea, common name the pearly brooch-shell, is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Trigoniidae.	Neotrigonia margaritacea	species
taxon rank	Australopyrum is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to Australia, New Zealand, and New Guinea.	Australopyrum	genus
taxon rank	Mastotermes is a genus of termites found living only in northern Australia.	Mastotermes	genus
taxon rank	Hoplestigma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hoplestigmataceae.	Hoplestigma	genus
taxon rank	Leucophaeus is a small genus of medium-sized New World gulls, most of which are dark in plumage, usually with white crescents above and below the eyes.	Leucophaeus	genus
taxon rank	Dinotropa ochrocrossa is a moth of the Depressariidae family and only species in the Dinotropa genus.	Dinotropa	genus
taxon rank	Vanda wightii is a species of orchid from southern India and Sri Lanka.	Vanda wightii	species
taxon rank	Chroogomphus vinicolor, commonly known as the wine-cap Chroogomphus or the pine spike, is a species of mushroom in the family Gomphidiaceae.	Chroogomphus vinicolor	species
taxon rank	Drosophila virilis is a species of fruit fly with a worldwide distribution (probably due to human movements ), and was one of 12 fruit fly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study.	Drosophila virilis	species
taxon rank	Pladaroxylon is a genus of trees in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.	Pladaroxylon	genus
taxon rank	Diospyros crassiflora, commonly known as Gabon ebony, African ebony, West African ebony, and Benin ebony, is a species of lowland-rainforest tree in the family Ebenaceae that is endemic to Western Africa.	Diospyros crassiflora	species
taxon rank	The Emesini is a tribe of thread-legged bugs.	Emesini	tribe
taxon rank	Despite the fact that hybrids do not warrant a binomial name, the name Ornithoptera allotei persists from the original description of the butterfly as a species.	Ornithoptera allotei	species
taxon rank	Dekeyseria brachyura is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the lower Rio Negro basin.	Dekeyseria brachyura	species
taxon rank	Cataclysta supercilialis is a species of Crambidae in the genus Cataclysta.	Cataclysta supercilialis	species
taxon rank	There is only one species described in this genus, known as Aaka coera.	Aaka	species
taxon rank	The Indian brown mongoose appears large compared to the other mongoose species in southern Western Ghats.	Indian brown mongoose	species
taxon rank	Glyphoderma is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Middle Triassic of China.	Glyphoderma	genus
taxon rank	Tricholaena is a genus of Asian, African, and Italian plants in the grass family.	Tricholaena	genus
taxon rank	Neoscona adianta is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae.	Neoscona adianta	species
taxon rank	Luzula wahlenbergii, commonly known as Wahlenberg's woodrush or reindeer wood-rush, is a perennial species of plant in the genus Luzula of the (rush) family Juncaceae.	Luzula wahlenbergii	species
taxon rank	Morinda tinctoria, commonly known as aal or Indian mulberry (though these common names also refer to Morinda citrifolia), is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae, native to southern Asia.	Morinda tinctoria	species
taxon rank	Euxesta argentina is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged Fly in the genus Euxesta of the family Ulidiidae.	Euxesta argentina	species
taxon rank	Theodoxus maresi is a species of small freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae the nerites.	Theodoxus maresi	species
taxon rank	Nassarius gibbosulus, common name the swollen nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius gibbosulus	species
taxon rank	Nebria suvorovi is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.	Nebria suvorovi	species
taxon rank	Megalurus is a genus of passerine bird in the family Locustellidae.	Megalurus	genus
taxon rank	Ulva ohnoi is a species of light-green coloured seaweed in Ulvaceae family that is endemic to Japan.	Ulva ohnoi	species
taxon rank	Spathopygus eburioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Spathopygus.	Spathopygus	species
taxon rank	Hetschkia is a spider genus from Brazil, with the only known species Hetschkia gracilis.	Hetschkia	species
taxon rank	Pandanus thwaitesii is a monocot species of plant in the Pandanaceae family.	Pandanus thwaitesii	species
taxon rank	Decennatherium is an extinct genus of giraffidae.	Decennatherium	genus
taxon rank	Macrococcus hajekii is a species of bacteria belonging to the genus Macrococcus.	Macrococcus hajekii	species
taxon rank	Microchirus is a genus of soles native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.	Microchirus	genus
taxon rank	The genus Deilephila is part of the family Sphingidae, the hawk-moths or sphinxes.	Deilephila	genus
taxon rank	Thellungiella is a genus of plants in the mustard family closely related to Arabidopsis, but in the subclade Eutremeae.	Thellungiella	genus
taxon rank	Spiranthes sinensis, commonly known as the Chinese spiranthes, is a species of orchid occurring in much of eastern Asia, west to the Himalayas, south and east to New Zealand, and north to Siberia.	Spiranthes sinensis	species
taxon rank	Neocorynura electra is an extinct species of sweat bee in the Halictidae genus Neocorynura.	Neocorynura electra	species
taxon rank	Nassarius papillosus, common name : the Pimpled Nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius papillosus	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe leptotheca is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names Ramona spineflower and Peninsular spineflower.	Chorizanthe leptotheca	species
taxon rank	Rhamphicarpa fistulosa (common name: Rice vampireweed) is a flowering plant species in the Orobanchaceae family (formerly in the Scrophulariaceae family) - and the genus Rhamphicarpa.	Rhamphicarpa fistulosa	species
taxon rank	Eunicella cavolini, commonly known as the yellow gorgonian or yellow sea whip, is a species of colonial soft coral in the Gorgoniidae family.	Eunicella cavolini	species
taxon rank	Bridouxia praeclara is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Bridouxia praeclara	species
taxon rank	Luidia clathrata is a tropical species of starfish in the family Luidiidae.	Luidia clathrata	species
taxon rank	Lyropupa hawaiiensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae.	Lyropupa hawaiiensis	species
taxon rank	Allium changduense is a plant species native to the Chinese provinces of Sichuan and Xizang (Tibet).	Allium changduense	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa tetrica is a ground spider species found in France and Macedonia.	Gnaphosa tetrica	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Potridiscus polymorphus.	Potridiscus	species
taxon rank	Pseudimalmus fasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudimalmus.	Pseudimalmus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Artemisia furcata (forked wormwood) is an Asian and North American species of plants in the sunflower family found in cold regions at high elevations or high latitudes.	Artemisia furcata	species
taxon rank	Parascolopsis is a genus of threadfin breams native to the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean.	Parascolopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ascochyta pisi also infects 20 genera of plants and more than 50 plant species including soybean, sweet pea, lentil, alfalfa, common bean, clover, black-eyed-pea, and broad bean.	Ascochyta pisi	species
taxon rank	Melanthium is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants native to North America.	Melanthium	genus
taxon rank	Skenea serpuloides is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Skenea serpuloides	species
taxon rank	Acropora globiceps is a species of acroporid coral found in the oceanic central and western Pacific Ocean and central Indo-Pacific.	Acropora globiceps	species
taxon rank	Hemicycla pouchet is a species of land snail in the family Helicidae.	Hemicycla pouchet	species
taxon rank	Indoreonectes keralensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Indoreonectes.	Indoreonectes keralensis	species
taxon rank	Frankia is a genus of nitrogen fixing, filamentous bacteria that live in symbiosis with actinorhizal plants, similar to the Rhizobia bacteria that are found in the root nodules of legumes in the Fabaceae family.	Frankia	genus
taxon rank	Tornatellinops ponapensis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Tornatellinops ponapensis	species
taxon rank	Lupinus nipomensis is a species of lupine known by the common name Nipomo Mesa lupine.	Lupinus nipomensis	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis kersteni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Tanzania, and Sudan.	Sphodromantis kersteni	species
taxon rank	Scheuchzeria palustris (Rannoch-rush, or pod grass), is a flowering plant, the only species in the genus Scheuchzeria, itself the only genus in the family Scheuchzeriaceae.	Scheuchzeria	species
taxon rank	Lomanotus genei is a species of a sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lomanotidae.	Lomanotus genei	species
taxon rank	Hutias are moderately large cavy-like rodents of the family Capromyidae that inhabit the Caribbean Islands.	Hutia	family
taxon rank	Medinilla cummingii (Chandelier Tree), often spelled Medinilla cumingii, is a species of flowering plants in the family Melastomataceae, native to mossy forest of the Philippines at 700-1000 m altitude.	Medinilla cummingii	species
taxon rank	†Carelia mirabilis was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus flavosparsus is a species of plant-eating bug in the Miridae family, which is found everywhere in Europe except for Albania and Iceland.	Orthotylus flavosparsus	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus cylindricus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur in the southeastern part of the lake.	Neolamprologus cylindricus	species
taxon rank	Monardella candicans is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Sierra monardella.	Monardella candicans	species
taxon rank	Nebria femoralis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to northwestern part of Russia.	Nebria femoralis	species
taxon rank	Punica protopunica, commonly known as the pomegranate tree or Socotran pomegranate, is a species of flowering plant in the family Lythraceae.	Punica protopunica	species
taxon rank	Electrographa thiolychna is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Electrographa.	Electrographa thiolychna	species
taxon rank	Phacelia inundata is a species of phacelia known by the common names playa yellow phacelia and playa phacelia.	Phacelia inundata	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus chenfui (Chinese whipping frog, Chenfu's treefrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to China where it is found in Sichuan, Guizhou, Hubei, and Fujian provinces.	Rhacophorus chenfui	species
taxon rank	Drepanocaryum is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described in 1954.	Drepanocaryum	genus
taxon rank	Chrysopaa sternosignata is the only species in the monotypic genus Chrysopaa of the Dicroglossidae family.	Chrysopaa sternosignata	species
taxon rank	Campanula piperi (Olympic bellflower, Olympic harebell, Piper's bellflower) is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family, Campanulaceae.	Campanula piperi	species
taxon rank	Sternocera orissa, common name Giant jewel beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family.	Sternocera orissa	species
taxon rank	Ophioglossolambis violacea is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae family, the true conchs and their allies.	Ophioglossolambis violacea	species
taxon rank	Stalix is a genus of jawfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Stalix	genus
taxon rank	Kennedia nigricans (Black Kennedia or Black Coral Pea) is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.	Kennedia nigricans	species
taxon rank	Corylus maxima, the filbert, is a species of hazel native to southeastern Europe and southwestern Asia, from the Balkans to Ordu in Turkey.	Corylus maxima	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma nepheloide, common name the Nephelo top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma nepheloide	species
taxon rank	Magiriopsis denticosella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Magiriopsis.	Magiriopsis denticosella	species
taxon rank	Ceradenia melanopus is a species of fern in the Grammitidaceae family.	Ceradenia melanopus	species
taxon rank	Majungaichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas native to the western Indian Ocean.	Majungaichthys	genus
taxon rank	Drosera yutajensis is a rare species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera yutajensis	species
taxon rank	Carabus exiguus wudumontanus is a bronze-coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Gansu, China.	Carabus exiguus wudumontanus	subspecies
taxon rank	Acanthosaura coronata is a species of agamid lizard commonly known as the crowned spiny lizard.	Acanthosaura coronata	species
taxon rank	Powelliphanta augusta, previously provisionally known as Powelliphanta ``Augustus'', is a species of amber snail, a large, carnivorous land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Powelliphanta augusta	species
taxon rank	Trachischium is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly known as worm-eating snakes.	Trachischium	genus
taxon rank	Eresus walckenaerius is a species of ladybird spider from the eastern Mediterranean.	Eresus walckenaeri	species
taxon rank	Mimaderpas anteaureus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimaderpas.	Mimaderpas anteaureus	species
taxon rank	Cephaloleia immaculata is a species of rolled-leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae, first found in Costa Rica.	Cephaloleia immaculata	species
taxon rank	Coelopa frigida is a species of seaweed fly or kelp fly.	Coelopa frigida	species
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus pakenhami is a frog species in the true frog subfamily Petropedetinae.	Phrynobatrachus pakenhami	species
taxon rank	The Ulvophyceae or ulvophytes are a class of green algae, distinguished mainly on the basis of ultrastructural morphology, life cycle and molecular phylogenetic data.	Ulvophyceae	class
taxon rank	Nebria tetungi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Gansu, Qinghai, and Sichuan provinces of China.	Nebria tetungi	species
taxon rank	Gollumjapyx smeagol is a species of dipluran, named after Gollum, a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium.	Gollumjapyx	species
taxon rank	The Iron Cross Beetle is a species of blister beetle that is often detrimental to humans and their livestock and is in general a pest.	Iron Cross Beetle	species
taxon rank	Fosterella robertreadii is a species of the genus Fosterella.	Fosterella robertreadii	species
taxon rank	Sauromalus klauberi, commonly called the Santa Catalina chuckwalla or the spotted chuckwalla, is a species of chuckwalla first identified in 1941.	Sauromalus klauberi	species
taxon rank	Hylarana latouchii (Kuatun frog, LaTouche's frog, broad-folded frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Hylarana latouchii	species
taxon rank	It belongs to the monotypic genus Ameloctopus.	Ameloctopus	genus
taxon rank	Koanophyllon palmeri, called Palmer's umbrella thoroughwort, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Koanophyllon palmeri	species
taxon rank	Ceratoichthys pinnatiformis is an extinct species of lookdown-like prehistoric jackfish that lived during the Lutetian epoch, of the Middle Eocene of Monte Bolca, Italy.	Ceratoichthys	species
taxon rank	Perciformes, also called the Percomorphi or Acanthopteri, are the largest order of vertebrates, containing about 41% of all bony fish.	Perciformes	order
taxon rank	Pterocladiophila is a genus of red algae, parasite of other red algae.	Pterocladiophila	genus
taxon rank	Menticirrhus saxatilis, the northern kingfish or northern kingcroaker, is a species of marine fish in the family Sciaenidae (commonly known as the ``drum'' or ``croaker'' family).	Menticirrhus saxatilis	species
taxon rank	Eurygnathohippus is an extinct genus of hipparionine horse.	Eurygnathohippus	genus
taxon rank	Dracovenator (/ˌdræ.koʊ.vɛˈneɪ.tər/) is an extinct genus of dilophosaurid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 201 to 199 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now South Africa.	Dracovenator	genus
taxon rank	Octopus mercatoris, the Caribbean dwarf octopus, is a small octopus species native to the Caribbean Sea region of the Atlantic Ocean.	Octopus mercatoris	species
taxon rank	Junodia strigipennis is a species of praying mantis found Ethiopia, Mozambique, Natal, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe.	Junodia strigipennis	species
taxon rank	Oberea formosana is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Pic in 1911.	Oberea formosana	species
taxon rank	Campanula patula or spreading bellflower is a plant species of the genus Campanula.	Campanula patula	species
taxon rank	Gygis is a genus of birds in the tern family.	Gygis	genus
taxon rank	Brevioleria is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Lamas in 2004.	Brevioleria	genus
taxon rank	Sitticus wuae is a species of jumping spider, named after the collector Hai-Yin Wu.	Sitticus wuae	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Nonischnoscia umbraticostella, which is found in the West Indies.	Nonischnoscia	species
taxon rank	The Noctuidae or owlet moths are a family of robustly built moths that includes more than 35,000 known species out of possibly 100,000 total, in more than 4,200 genera.	Noctuidae	family
taxon rank	Bromus maritimus is a species of brome (or chess) grass known by the common names maritime brome and seaside brome.	Bromus maritimus	species
taxon rank	Gerrothorax (``wicker chest'') is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Triassic period of Greenland, Germany, Sweden, and possibly Thailand.	Gerrothorax	genus
taxon rank	Uropeltis liura, commonly known as Günther's earth snake, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Uropeltis liura	species
taxon rank	Aconitum koreanum (Hangul: 백부자) (also known as Korean monk's hood) is one of the species of Aconitum.	Aconitum koreanum	species
taxon rank	Araucaria mirabilis is an extinct species of coniferous tree from Patagonia, Argentina.	Araucaria mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Charpentieria ornata is a species of small, very elongate, air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.	Charpentieria ornata	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus junori is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Jamaica.	Eleutherodactylus junori	species
taxon rank	Lintneria is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing the following species:	Lintneria	genus
taxon rank	Achaeus spinosus usually lives in association with some species of soft coral or sponge.	Achaeus spinosus	species
taxon rank	The order Bacteroidales comprises five families of environmental bacteria	Bacteroidales	order
taxon rank	Philipomyia aprica is a species of 'horse fly' belonging to the family Tabanidae subfamily Tabaninae.	Philipomyia aprica	species
taxon rank	Galeopsis segetum, commonly known as Downy Hemp-nettle, is a species of flowering plant in the sage family, Lamiaceae.	Galeopsis segetum	species
taxon rank	Eupolybothrus cavernicolus is a species of centipede so far only found in two caves near the village of Kistanje, in Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.	Eupolybothrus cavernicolus	species
taxon rank	Allobates humilis (common name: Bocono rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates humilis	species
taxon rank	Pseudomugil paludicola, commonly known as the swamp blue-eye, is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae.	Pseudomugil paludicola	species
taxon rank	Megacephala australis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1865, and is endemic to Australia.	Megacephala australis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Afropoecilia kituloensis, which is found in Tanzania.	Afropoecilia	species
taxon rank	Nemastylis nuttallii, the Nuttall's pleatleaf, Ozark celestial-lily or pine woods lily, is a plant species native to Arkansas, Missouri and Oklahoma in the south-central United States.	Nemastylis nuttallii	species
taxon rank	Hamsters are rodents belonging to the subfamily Cricetinae.	Hamster	subfamily
taxon rank	Ghilianella mirabilis is a species of true bug found in the Amazon basin.	Ghilianella mirabilis	species
taxon rank	The Gorontalo macaque or Dumoga-Bone macaque (Macaca nigrescens) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Gorontalo macaque	species
taxon rank	Pecari is a genus of mammals in the peccary family, Tayassuidae.	Pecari	genus
taxon rank	Yucca pallida, sometimes called Pale yucca, is a species of yucca native to Northern Mexico and parts of the blackland prairies of northern and central Texas, and notable for its light-colored leaves that range from a pale blue-gray to sage-green in color.	Yucca pallida	species
taxon rank	Its only species is Pickeringia montana, which is known by the common name chaparral pea.	Pickeringia	species
taxon rank	Centrodraco is a genus of slope dragonets found in deep waters of the Atlantic, Indian & Pacific Oceans.	Centrodraco	genus
taxon rank	Omobranchus woodi, the Kappie blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the southeast Atlantic and western Indian ocean.	Omobranchus woodi	species
taxon rank	Chiniquodontidae is a family of meat-eating advanced mammal-like reptiles (therapsids) that lived during the Upper Triassic of South America and perhaps Europe.	Chiniquodontidae	family
taxon rank	Thaumasesthes penicillus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Thaumasesthes.	Thaumasesthes penicillus	species
taxon rank	Aplysia extraordinaria, common name the ``extraordinary sea hare'', is a very large species of sea slug, more specifically a sea hare, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Aplysia extraordinaria	species
taxon rank	Pithys is a genus of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Pithys	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron flettii is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names Flett's fleabane or Olympic Mountains fleabane .	Erigeron flettii	species
taxon rank	Daiotyla is a genus of orchids native to Colombia, Panama and Costa Rica.	Daiotyla	genus
taxon rank	Puffins are any of three small species of alcids (auks) in the bird genus Fratercula with a brightly coloured beak during the breeding season.	Puffin	genus
taxon rank	Cerithiopsis blandi is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from around Madagascar.	Cerithiopsis blandi	species
taxon rank	Helianthus mollis is a species of sunflower known by the common names ashy sunflower.	Helianthus mollis	species
taxon rank	The spider genus Aname is endemic to Australia, with one species (A. tasmanica) found only on Tasmania.	Aname	genus
taxon rank	Lichenoides is an extinct genus of echinoderm that lived during the Middle Cambrian in what is today the Czech Republic.	Lichenoides	genus
taxon rank	The Roraiman nightjar (Setopagis whitelyi) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Roraiman nightjar	species
taxon rank	Benthodesmus tenuis is a species of fish in the Trichiuridae family.	Benthodesmus tenuis	species
taxon rank	Mniophila muscorum is a species of Chrysomelidae family, that can be found nearly everywhere in Europe, it is not worth it to search in Turkey, Caucasus.	Mniophila muscorum	species
taxon rank	Agoseris monticola is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name Sierra Nevada agoseris or Sierra Nevada mountain dandelion.	Agoseris monticola	species
taxon rank	Acraea turna is a member of the Acraea acrita species group.	Acraea turna	species
taxon rank	Hakea cristata, commonly known as the snail hakea, is a shrub species that occurs in Southwest Australia.	Hakea cristata	species
taxon rank	Microgomphodon is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid from the Middle Triassic of South Africa and Namibia.	Microgomphodon	genus
taxon rank	Cranopsis asturiana, common name the hawk puncturella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Cranopsis asturiana	species
taxon rank	Quercus faginea, the Portuguese oak, is a species of oak native to the western Mediterranean region in the Iberian Peninsula and the Balearic Islands.	Quercus faginea	species
taxon rank	Dorsetochelys is an extinct genus of turtle from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of western North America and southern England.	Dorsetochelys	genus
taxon rank	Ramanantsoavana's woolly lemur (Avahi ramanantsoavanai), also known as Ramanantsoavana's avahi or the Manombo woolly lemur, is a species of woolly lemur native to southeastern Madagascar.	Ramanantsoavana's woolly lemur	species
taxon rank	Onykia robsoni, the rugose hooked squid, is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae.	Onykia robsoni	species
taxon rank	Castroviejoa is a genus of plants in the sunflower family, native to certain islands in the western Mediterranean.	Castroviejoa	genus
taxon rank	Eupeodes lapponicus is a common Nearctic species of hoverfly.	Eupeodes lapponicus	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus harrissoni is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Brunei, Indonesia, and Malaysia.	Rhacophorus harrissoni	species
taxon rank	Mimeryssamena besucheti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimeryssamena.	Mimeryssamena besucheti	species
taxon rank	Glipa quadrifasciata is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus and was first described in 1882.	Glipa quadrifasciata	species
taxon rank	Calystegia longipes is a species of morning glory known by the common name Paiute false bindweed.	Calystegia longipes	species
taxon rank	Archips infumatanus, the smoked leafroller moth or hickory webworm, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Archips infumatanus	species
taxon rank	Leptolucania ommata, the Pygmy killifish, is a species of North American killifish found only in the southeastern United States.	Leptolucania ommata	species
taxon rank	Pododesmus macrochisma, common name the Alaska jingle, is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Anomiidae, the jingle shells.	Pododesmus macrochisma	species
taxon rank	Propeamussium is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the order Ostreoida.	Propeamussium	genus
taxon rank	Salix aurita, the eared willow, is a species of willow distributed over much of Europe, and occasionally cultivated.	Salix aurita	species
taxon rank	Otopleura auriscati, common name the cat's ear pyram, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Otopleura auriscati	species
taxon rank	Trithemis grouti, the Black Dropwing, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Trithemis grouti	species
taxon rank	Metridiochoerus is an extinct genus in the pig family indigenous to the Pliocene and Pleistocene of Africa.	Metridiochoerus	genus
taxon rank	Bahndwivici is an extinct genus of lizard known from a nearly complete and articulated skeleton discovered in rocks of the Green River Formation of Wyoming, United States.	Bahndwivici	genus
taxon rank	Penthophera morio is a moth species which can be found in Italy, Central Europe, Southern Russia and Armenia.	Penthophera morio	species
taxon rank	Hofmeisterella is a genus of orchids native to South America.	Hofmeisterella	genus
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia californica is an uncommon species of grass known by the common name California muhly.	Muhlenbergia californica	species
taxon rank	Leersia hexandra is a species of grass known by the common names southern cutgrass, clubhead cutgrass, and swamp rice grass.	Leersia hexandra	species
taxon rank	Similar to the crissal and Le Conte's thrashers in habit, the California thrasher is the only species of Toxostoma throughout most of its limited range.	California thrasher	species
taxon rank	Conus gubernator, common name the governor cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus gubernator	species
taxon rank	Oligochroides nigritella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oligochroides.	Oligochroides nigritella	species
taxon rank	Thorax porcellana Saussure is a species of epilamprid cockroach occurring in Sri Lanka and India.	Thorax porcellana	species
taxon rank	Glaucias amyoti, commonly called the Australasian green shield bug or New Zealand vegetable bug, is a species of shield bug found in Australia, New Zealand, Timor and New Guinea.	Glaucias amyoti	species
taxon rank	Galium pilosum, the hairy bedstraw, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium pilosum	species
taxon rank	Polyxenus lagurus, known as the bristly millipede is a species of millipede found in many areas of Europe and North America.	Polyxenus lagurus	species
taxon rank	Heterodontosaurinae is an extinct subfamily of heterodontosaurid ornithischian dinosaurs from the earliest to the mid Middle Jurassic (Hettangian - Bajocian) of Africa and South America.	Heterodontosaurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Madiama nigroscitalis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Madiama.	Madiama nigroscitalis	species
taxon rank	The genus Heliamphora (/hɛliˈæmfərə/ or /hiːliˈæmfərə/; Greek: helos ``marsh'' and amphoreus ``amphora'') contains 23 species of pitcher plants endemic to South America.	Heliamphora	genus
taxon rank	Calochortus subalpinus (subalpine mariposa lily) is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family native to the northwestern United States (States of Washington and Oregon).	Calochortus subalpinus	species
taxon rank	Liechtenstein's pine vole (Microtus liechtensteini) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Liechtenstein's pine vole	species
taxon rank	Besanosaurus (meaning ``Besano (Lombardy, N. Italy) lizard'') is a genus of large ichthyosaur (a marine reptile, not a dinosaur) that lived during the middle Triassic period, approximately 235 million years ago.	Besanosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Memecylaceae DC. was a family of flowering plants.	Memecylaceae	family
taxon rank	Nannocampus is a genus of pipefishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans with these currently recognized species :	Nannocampus	genus
taxon rank	Dolichoderus heeri is a recently discovered extinct species of Miocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus.	Dolichoderus heeri	species
taxon rank	Ascarina lucida, commonly known as hutu is a species of small tree in the family Chloranthaceae.	Ascarina lucida	species
taxon rank	Murrindalaspis is an extinct genus of acanthothoracid placoderm found in the McLarty Member of the Murrindal Limestone, of the Early Devonian-aged Buchan Group in eastern Victoria, Australia.	Murrindalaspis	genus
taxon rank	Calathus montivagus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Italy and Sicily.	Calathus montivagus	species
taxon rank	Ameiva erythrocephala, the St. Christopher ameiva, is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva.	Ameiva erythrocephala	species
taxon rank	Typothorax is an extinct genus of typothoracisine aetosaur that lived in the Late Triassic.	Typothorax	genus
taxon rank	Dorstenia brasiliensis is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to South America and Trinidad and Tobago.	Dorstenia brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Aestuariibacter is a genus in the class Gammaproteobacteria (Bacteria), composed of four species, namely A. aggregatus, A. halophilus, A. litoralis and the type species A. salexigens.	Aestuariibacter	genus
taxon rank	The Paraguayan jaguar was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar, with the taxonomic name Panthera onca paraguensis (Hollister, 1914), native to Paraguay in the Gran Chaco or the Pantanal regions.	Paraguayan jaguar	subspecies
taxon rank	Massonia etesionamibensis (syn. Whiteheadia etesionamibensis) is a species of plant that is endemic to Namibia.	Massonia etesionamibensis	species
taxon rank	Neoclitocybe byssiseda is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Neoclitocybe.	Neoclitocybe byssiseda	species
taxon rank	Kinnareemimus is a genus of ornithomimosaurian theropod dinosaur from Thailand.	Kinnareemimus	genus
taxon rank	Nebria wutaishanensis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Shanxi, China.	Nebria wutaishanensis	species
taxon rank	Flabellinidae is a taxonomic family of brightly coloured sea slugs, specifically nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks.	Flabellinidae	family
taxon rank	Ampeloglypter ater, the grape cane girdler, is a true weevil species in the genus Ampeloglypter.	Ampeloglypter ater	species
taxon rank	Oesophagostomum is a genus of parasitic nematodes of the family Strongyloidae.	Oesophagostomum	genus
taxon rank	Zuninaspis is an extinct genus of trilobite arthropod.	Zuninaspis	genus
taxon rank	Paracetopsis esmeraldas is a species of whale catfish endemic to Ecuador where it occurs in the Pacific drainages of the northwest.	Paracetopsis esmeraldas	species
taxon rank	The Protoxerini comprise a tribe of squirrels found in Africa.	Protoxerini	tribe
taxon rank	Vetaforma is a genus of liverworts found only in Argentina and Chile, and contains a single species Vetaforma dusenii.	Vetaforma	species
taxon rank	Tragia ramosa is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common names branched noseburn and desert tragia.	Tragia ramosa	species
taxon rank	Stenolicmus sarmientoi is a species of catfish native to Bolivia where it is found in the upper Apere River basin.	Stenolicmus sarmientoi	species
taxon rank	Sphaeropoeus hercules is a species of giant pill millipede belonging to the family Zephroniidae.	Sphaeropoeus hercules	species
taxon rank	Penicillium rolfsii is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces patulin.	Penicillium rolfsii	species
taxon rank	Alytes maurus (common name: Moroccan midwife toad, French: crapaud accoucheur) is a species of frog in the Alytidae family (formerly Discoglossidae).	Alytes maurus	species
taxon rank	Torvoneustes is an extinct genus of metriorhynchid mesoeucrocodylian.	Torvoneustes	genus
taxon rank	Bacillus aerius is a species of bacteria first isolated from cryogenic tubes used for collecting air samples from high altitudes, hence its name.	Bacillus aerius	species
taxon rank	Scrupocellaria hamata is a species of gymnolaematan Bryozoa (sea mats) first described from the Queensland coast.	Scrupocellaria hamata	species
taxon rank	Zapoteca aculeata is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Tunguragua-Ecuador.	Zapoteca aculeata	species
taxon rank	Dentalium diarrhox is a species of tusk shell, a marine scaphopod mollusk in the family Dentaliidae.	Dentalium diarrhox	species
taxon rank	Banksia burdettii, commonly known as Burdett's banksia, is a species of shrub or tree of the genus Banksia in the family Proteaceae.	Banksia burdettii	species
taxon rank	Baissea is a genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family found in tropical Africa.	Baissea	genus
taxon rank	Ceratopogonini is a tribe of biting midges.	Ceratopogonini	tribe
taxon rank	Tinacrucis patulana is a species of moth belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.	Tinacrucis patulana	species
taxon rank	Pseudomugil novaeguineae, commonly known as the New Guinea blue-eye, is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae.	Pseudomugil novaeguineae	species
taxon rank	Tricholomopsis is a genus of fungi closely related to the large genus Tricholoma.	Tricholomopsis	genus
taxon rank	Adelophryne adiastola (common name: Yapima Shield frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Adelophryne adiastola	species
taxon rank	Cadlina modesta, common name the Modest cadlina, is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cadlinidae.	Cadlina modesta	species
taxon rank	Cerradomys marinhus, also known as Marinho's oryzomys, is a rodent species from South America.	Cerradomys marinhus	species
taxon rank	Paralomis africana is a species of king crab found off the coast of Namibia.	Paralomis africana	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Vertexicola caudatus.	Vertexicola	species
taxon rank	Nesoryzomys darwini, also known as Darwin's nesoryzomys or Darwin's Galápagos mouse, is a species of rodent in the genus Nesoryzomys that lived on Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands.	Nesoryzomys darwini	species
taxon rank	Prothamnodes is a genus of moth in the family Xyloryctidae.	Prothamnodes	genus
taxon rank	Pseudechis butleri is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Western Australia.	Pseudechis butleri	species
taxon rank	Astreptolabis is an extinct genus of earwig in the Dermaptera family Pygidicranidae known from a Cretaceous fossil found in Burma.	Astreptolabis	genus
taxon rank	Abyssosaurus is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from the Early Cretaceous of Chuvash Republic, western Russia.	Abyssosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Stromerius is an extinct genus of basilosaurid early whale known from the Late Eocene (Priabonian, 37.2 to 33.9 million years ago) of Fayum, Egypt (29.6°N 30.6°E, paleocoordinates 24.9°N 26.5°E).	Stromerius	genus
taxon rank	Heliciopsis velutina is a species of trees, in the Proteaceae family.	Heliciopsis velutina	species
taxon rank	Callioplana marginata is a species of flatworm polyclads belonging to the Callioplanidae family.	Callioplana marginata	species
taxon rank	Harpagophytum, also called grapple plant, wood spider and most commonly devil's claw, is a genus of plants in the sesame family, native to southern Africa.	Harpagophytum	genus
taxon rank	Aerilamma murdochi is an uncommon species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae.	Aerilamma murdochi	species
taxon rank	Caracanthus, the coral crouchers, or orbicular velvetfishes, are a genus of scorpaeniform fishes.	Caracanthus	genus
taxon rank	Radula visiniaca was a species of liverwort in the Radulaceae family.	Radula visiniaca	species
taxon rank	Cottus petiti, also called the chub of the Lez (Chabot du Lez, in French), is a species of fish in the Cottidae family.	Cottus petiti	species
taxon rank	Haageocereus fascicularis commonly known as 'Quisco de la precordillera de Arica' is a species of cactus from the Cactaceae family.	Haageocereus fascicularis	species
taxon rank	Pasteurella is a genus of Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic bacteria.	Pasteurella	genus
taxon rank	Theraphosa is a genus of tarantula spiders of South America.	Theraphosa	genus
taxon rank	Melica minor is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Caucasus.	Melica minor	species
taxon rank	Senecio pectinatus, commonly known as alpine groundsel, is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Senecio pectinatus	species
taxon rank	Loricaria lentiginosa is a species of catfish of the Loricariidae family.	Loricaria lentiginosa	species
taxon rank	Leucania latiuscula is part of a species group including Leucania subpunctata and Leucania senescens.	Leucania latiuscula	species
taxon rank	Lepidocephalichthys thermalis, known as the Common Spiny loach or the spotted loach, is a freshwater fish species restricted to India and Sri Lanka.	Lepidocephalichthys thermalis	species
taxon rank	Metzgeria furcata, the forked veilwort, is a frequent liverwort growing on the bark of a wide range of tree and shrub species and occasionally on rocks.	Metzgeria furcata	species
taxon rank	Phylloxylon arenicola is a species of legume (bean) in the Fabaceae family.	Phylloxylon arenicola	species
taxon rank	Leptosiaphos koutoui is a species of skink endemic to Cameroon.	Leptosiaphos koutoui	species
taxon rank	Telmatobufo is a genus of frogs (false toads) endemic to southern Chile.	Telmatobufo	genus
taxon rank	Praealticus labrovittatus, the Crenulate-lipped rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Praealticus labrovittatus	species
taxon rank	Guaibasauridae is a family of primitive saurischian dinosaurs, known from fossil remains of late Triassic period formations in Brazil and Argentina.	Guaibasauridae	family
taxon rank	Stephanostomum baccatum is a species of a parasitic flatworm in the family Acanthocolpidae.	Stephanostomum baccatum	species
taxon rank	Species The only known species is Scherya bahiensis, native to the State of Bahia in eastern Brazil.	Scherya	species
taxon rank	The Jamaican lizard cuckoo (Saurothera vetula) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Jamaican lizard cuckoo	species
taxon rank	Incisitermes minor is a species of termite in the family Kalotermitidae known commonly as the western drywood termite.	Incisitermes minor	species
taxon rank	Galbella is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, placed in the monotypic subfamily Galbellinae.	Galbella	genus
taxon rank	Festuca heterophylla, the various-leaved fescue, is a species of perennial plant from Poaceae family that is native to southern Europe.	Festuca heterophylla	species
taxon rank	Physoderma alfalfae is a species of fungus in the family Physodermataceae.	Physoderma alfalfae	species
taxon rank	Euponera is a ponerine genus of ants distributed in the Afrotropics (including Madagascar) and eastern Asia.	Euponera	genus
taxon rank	Pseudomusonia lineativentri is a species of praying mantis native to Costa Rica, Colombia, and Panama.	Pseudomusonia lineativentri	species
taxon rank	Kalanchoe marmorata (penwiper) is a species of flowering plant in the family Crassulaceae, native to Central and West Africa, from Zaire to Ethiopia, Sudan and Somalia.	Kalanchoe marmorata	species
taxon rank	Anoplosigerpes tessmanni is a species of praying mantis found in China.	Anoplosigerpes	species
taxon rank	Usta biplaga is a species of moth in the Saturniidae family.	Usta biplaga	species
taxon rank	Ulmus × hollandica Mill. , often known simply as Dutch elm, is a natural hybrid between Wych Elm Ulmus glabra and Field Elm Ulmus minor which commonly occurs across Europe wherever the ranges of the parent species overlap.	Ulmus × hollandica	species
taxon rank	Clibanarius erythropus is a species of hermit crab that lives in rockpools and sublittoral waters.	Clibanarius erythropus	species
taxon rank	Egea inermis is a species of glass squid in the monotypic genus Egea.	Egea inermis	species
taxon rank	Symplocos badia is a species of plant in the Symplocaceae family.	Symplocos badia	species
taxon rank	Exoprosopa capucina is a species of 'bee flies' belonging to the family Bombyliidae subfamily Anthracinae.	Exoprosopa capucina	species
taxon rank	Cistanthe quadripetala (formerly Calyptridium quadripetalum) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name four-petalled pussypaws.	Cistanthe quadripetala	species
taxon rank	Asarcenchelys longimanus is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae.	Asarcenchelys longimanus	species
taxon rank	Pectocarya setosa, known by the common names moth combseed and round-nut pectocarya, is a species of flowering plant in the borage family.	Pectocarya setosa	species
taxon rank	Scalenodon is a genus of traversodontid cynodont from the Middle Triassic of Africa and possibly Russia.	Scalenodon	genus
taxon rank	Aralia dasyphylla is a species in the plant genus Aralia that occurs in China, Vietnam, Malaysia, and Indonesia.	Aralia dasyphylla	species
taxon rank	Bletia purpurata is a species of orchid widespread across much of Mexico and Central America, from Nicaragua to Tamaulipas, Sinaloa and Baja California Sur.	Bletia purpurata	species
taxon rank	Sclerobunus robustus is a species of harvestman that occurs in the western United States, including Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah.	Sclerobunus robustus	species
taxon rank	Panaeolus cyanescens is a coprophiliac (dung-inhabiting) species which grows in tropical and neotropical areas in both hemispheres.	Panaeolus cyanescens	species
taxon rank	Stellaria calycantha is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name northern starwort.	Stellaria calycantha	species
taxon rank	Alsodes gargola is a species of frog in the family Alsodidae known by the common name Tonchek spiny-chest frog.	Alsodes gargola	species
taxon rank	Monoplex nicobaricus, common name Nicobar hairy triton, is a species of medium-sized predatory sea snail, a tropical marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Monoplex nicobaricus	species
taxon rank	Chromis margaritifer, known commonly as the Bicolor chromis, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae.	Chromis margaritifer	species
taxon rank	Packera pseudaurea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name falsegold groundsel.	Packera pseudaurea	species
taxon rank	Doleromyrma darwiniana is a species of ant in the genus Doleromyrma.	Doleromyrma darwiniana	species
taxon rank	Bactrocera is a large genus of tephritid fruit flies, with more than 500 species currently described.	Bactrocera	genus
taxon rank	Entoloma bloxamii belongs to the large genus Entoloma, which contains around 1500 species worldwide.	Entoloma bloxamii	species
taxon rank	Dasyceps is an extinct genus of an unusual temnospondyl from Early Permian of England.	Dasyceps	genus
taxon rank	Chaetopogon is a genus of European plants in the grass family.	Chaetopogon	genus
taxon rank	Chlorociboria aeruginascens is a saprobic species of mushroom, commonly known as the green elfcup or the green wood cup because of its characteristic small, green, saucer-shaped fruit bodies.	Chlorociboria aeruginascens	species
taxon rank	Gastrochilus acutifolius is a species of orchid found in Assam (India), eastern Himalayas, Nepal, Myanmar and Vietnam.	Gastrochilus acutifolius	species
taxon rank	Pisaurina brevipes is a species of ``nursery web spider'' that is found in the eastern half of the North American continent, from Ontario down to Florida and west to Kansas.	Pisaurina brevipes	species
taxon rank	Monodonta canalifera, common name the canal monodont, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Monodonta canalifera	species
taxon rank	Galium lanceolatum (lanceleaf wild licorice) is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium lanceolatum	species
taxon rank	Sphenacodontidae (Greek: ``wedge point tooth family'') is an extinct family of small to large, advanced, carnivorous, Late Pennsylvanian to middle Permian pelycosaurs.	Sphenacodontidae	family
taxon rank	†Incerticyclus cinereus was a species of tropical land snail with gills and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.	Incerticyclus cinereus	species
taxon rank	Rubus ursinus is a North American species of blackberry or dewberry, known by the common names California blackberry, California dewberry, Douglas berry, Pacific blackberry, Pacific dewberry and trailing blackberry.	Rubus ursinus	species
taxon rank	Coreopsis lanceolata, the Lance-leaved coreopsis, is a North American species of Tickseed in the sunflower family.	Coreopsis lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Anthia sexmaculata is a species of beetles of the family Carabidae.	Anthia sexmaculata	species
taxon rank	Rheum maximowiczii is a plant species in the genus Rheum.	Rheum maximowiczii	species
taxon rank	Methylobacillus flagellatus is a species of aerobic bacteria.	Methylobacillus flagellatus	species
taxon rank	Phidiana hiltoni is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aeolidiidae.	Phidiana hiltoni	species
taxon rank	Coriocella hibyae, common name the Hiby's coriocella or the velvet snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae.	Coriocella hibyae	species
taxon rank	Maxacteon hancocki is a species of small sea snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Acteonidae, the barrel bubble snails.	Maxacteon hancocki	species
taxon rank	Ludwigia octovalvis is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Mexican primrose-willow.	Ludwigia octovalvis	species
taxon rank	Hyla arboricola (common name: arboreal treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to the Sierra Madre del Sur in Guerrero state, Mexico.	Hyla arboricola	species
taxon rank	Crangon crangon is a commercially important species of caridean shrimp fished mainly in the southern North Sea, although also found in the Irish Sea, Baltic Sea, Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea, as well as off much of Scandinavia and parts of Morocco's Atlantic coast.	Crangon crangon	species
taxon rank	Chrysiptera rollandi is a species of damselfish known by the common name Rolland's demoiselle.	Chrysiptera rollandi	species
taxon rank	Phrynella pulchra is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, in the monotypic genus Phrynella.	Phrynella pulchra	species
taxon rank	Amphiesma modestum, commonly known as the modest keelback, is a species of natricine snake endemic to Asia.	Amphiesma modestum	species
taxon rank	Protitanotherium was named by Osborn (1929) (name suggested by Hatcher 1895; raised to genus level).	Protitanotherium	genus
taxon rank	Iomys is a small genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Iomys	genus
taxon rank	The genus Nimbacinus contains two species of carnivorous, quadrupedal marsupials in Australia both of which are extinct:	Nimbacinus	genus
taxon rank	The Emin's shrike (Lanius gubernator) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family.	Emin's shrike	species
taxon rank	Spiraea virginiana is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family (Rosaceae) known by the common names Virginia meadowsweet and Virginia spiraea.	Spiraea virginiana	species
taxon rank	Lewisia oppositifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name opposite-leaf lewisia.	Lewisia oppositifolia	species
taxon rank	Pollicaria, commonly known as the elephant pupinid snails, is a genus of land snails with a gill and an operculum.	Pollicaria	genus
taxon rank	Pachyiulus humicola is a species of millipede from Julidae family that is endemic to Italy.	Pachyiulus humicola	species
taxon rank	Paraneonetus is a monotypic genus of weta containing the species Paraneonetus multispinus.	Paraneonetus	species
taxon rank	The only species in the monotypic genus Achyrachaena is the annual herb Achyrachaena mollis, which bears the common name blow-wives.	Achyrachaena	species
taxon rank	Gamochaeta simplicicaulis, the simple-stem cudweed or simple-stem everlasting, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gamochaeta simplicicaulis	species
taxon rank	Homalocephala ozerovi' is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Homalocephala of the family Ulidiidae.	Homalocephala ozerovi	species
taxon rank	Sarasinula dubia is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Veronicellidae, the leatherleaf slugs.	Sarasinula dubia	species
taxon rank	Bipectilus tindalei is a species of moth in the Hepialidae family, known to ihnabit Vietnam and Thailand.	Bipectilus tindalei	species
taxon rank	Euprotomus aurisdianae, common name the Diana conch, is a species of small to medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Euprotomus aurisdianae	species
taxon rank	Epiphyllum pumilum is a cactus species native to Mexico and Guatemala.	Epiphyllum pumilum	species
taxon rank	Bothrocara brunneum, the twoline eelpout, is a benthic species of fish of the Zoarcidae family.	Bothrocara brunneum	species
taxon rank	Castela emoryi, with the common names Crucifixion thorn and Emory's crucifixion-thorn, is a shrub species in the genus Castela of the order Sapindales.	Castela emoryi	species
taxon rank	Enteroviruses are a genus of positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses associated with several human and mammalian diseases.	Enterovirus	genus
taxon rank	Anduzedoras oxyrhynchus is the only species in the genus Anduzedoras of the catfish (order Siluriformes) family Doradidae.	Anduzedoras oxyrhynchus	species
taxon rank	Limnichthys is a genus of sandburrowers native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Limnichthys	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Kunpengopterus sinensis.	Kunpengopterus	species
taxon rank	Cardiocondyla elegans is an ant species in the genus Cardiocondyla found in the Mediterranean region.	Cardiocondyla elegans	species
taxon rank	Pomacea aldersoni is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea aldersoni	species
taxon rank	The snipefishes (genus Macroramphosus) are species of fishes found in tropical and subtropical oceans at depths down to 600 metres (2,000 ft).	Macroramphosus	genus
taxon rank	Schistidium poeltii is a species of moss found in the Arctic.	Schistidium poeltii	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea connata is a species of orchid found from Ecuador to Peru.	Stanhopea connata	species
taxon rank	Aplanodema lomii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aplanodema.	Aplanodema lomii	species
taxon rank	Menzies' echymipera (Echymipera echinista), or Menzies' spiny bandicoot or Fly River bandicoot, is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae.	Menzies' echymipera	species
taxon rank	Pliomerina is a genus of trilobites.	Pliomerina	genus
taxon rank	Callinectes rathbunae is a species of swimming crab.	Callinectes rathbunae	species
taxon rank	Raneya brasiliensis, the banded cusk-eel, is a species of cusk-eel found along the southeast coast of South America from southern Brazil to northern Argentina.	Raneya brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Andropogon hallii (sand bluestem, sand hill bluestem, Hall's bluestem, Hall's beardgrass, prairie bluestem, turkey-foot) is a sod-forming perennial species in the grass family, Poaceae.	Andropogon hallii	species
taxon rank	Grammatonotus is a genus of fish in the family Callanthiidae, the splendid perches.	Grammatonotus	genus
taxon rank	Chondrina avenacea is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chondrinidae.	Chondrina avenacea	species
taxon rank	Weevers (or weeverfish) are 9 extant species of fishes of family Trachinidae, order Perciformes.	Weever	family
taxon rank	Crassocephalum is a genus the common names of whose members include ragleaf, thickhead, and bologi.	Crassocephalum	genus
taxon rank	Rubritrochus declivis, common name : the sloping gibbula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Rubritrochus declivis	species
taxon rank	Zabrus angustatus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that can be found in Spain and Niger.	Zabrus angustatus	species
taxon rank	Nephroma is a genus of medium to large foliose lichens.	Nephroma	genus
taxon rank	Christinus guentheri is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae (geckos).	Christinus guentheri	species
taxon rank	Picea abies, the Norway spruce, is a species of spruce native to Central and Eastern Europe.	Picea abies	species
taxon rank	At present it contains the single species Entropezites patricii.	Entropezites	species
taxon rank	Schizothorax pelzami or Transcaspian marinka is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.	Schizothorax pelzami	species
taxon rank	Mimagelasta grisescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimagelasta.	Mimagelasta grisescens	species
taxon rank	Cantharidus purpureus, common name the red opal top shell, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae.	Cantharidus purpureus	species
taxon rank	Echinomacrurus occidentalis is a marine species of fish in the genus Echinomacrurus.	Echinomacrurus occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Berberis amplectens is a rare species of shrubs endemic to the Peninsular Ranges of southern California, east of San Diego.	Berberis amplectens	species
taxon rank	Actinoplanes friuliensis is a species of bacteria that produces lipopeptide antibiotics with peptidoglycan synthesis-inhibiting activity, called friulimicins.	Actinoplanes friuliensis	species
taxon rank	Agyneta vera is a species of sheet weaver found in Queensland, Australia.	Agyneta vera	species
taxon rank	Anadelosemia condigna is a species of snout moth in the genus Anadelosemia.	Anadelosemia condigna	species
taxon rank	Ctenosaura hemilopha, also known as the cape spinytail iguana , is a species of spinytail iguana endemic to Baja California.	Ctenosaura hemilopha	species
taxon rank	Gynnidomorpha minimana, the fen conch, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Gynnidomorpha minimana	species
taxon rank	The genus Androstephium is a group of North American plants in the cluster lily subfamily within the asparagus family.	Androstephium	genus
taxon rank	Labidochromis pallidus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around the Maleri Islands and around Thumbi West Island.	Labidochromis pallidus	species
taxon rank	Apalimnodes granulatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apalimnodes.	Apalimnodes granulatus	species
taxon rank	Chamaeleo caroliquarti is an extinct species of chameleon from Lower Miocene-aged strata of the Czech Republic.	Chamaeleo caroliquarti	species
taxon rank	Grayia spinosa is a species of the genus Grayia of the subfamily Chenopodioideae in flowering plant family Amaranthaceae, which is known by the common names hop sage and spiny hop sage.	Grayia spinosa	species
taxon rank	Nanningosaurus is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous of the Nalong Basin, Guangxi, China.	Nanningosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Xenicotelopsis violacea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Xenicotelopsis.	Xenicotelopsis violacea	species
taxon rank	Upeneus mascareinsis is a species of fish belonging to the Perciformes order of the family Mullidae.	Upeneus mascareinsis	species
taxon rank	Nephropsis rosea, sometimes called the rosy lobsterette or two-toned lobsterette, is a species of lobster.	Nephropsis rosea	species
taxon rank	Xenochromis hecqui is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.	Xenochromis hecqui	species
taxon rank	By 2009, the ``Brassavola'' parents most commonly used in producing Brassolaeliocattleyas had been moved into the genus Rhyncholaelia, and the ``Laelia'' parents most commonly used in producing Brassolaeliocattleyas had been moved into the genus Cattleya.	Brassolaeliocattleya	genus
taxon rank	Parablennius serratolineatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the southwest Pacific ocean near Norfolk Island.	Parablennius serratolineatus	species
taxon rank	Salix arbusculoides is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common name littletree willow.	Salix arbusculoides	species
taxon rank	The Longhorn beetle, Leptura quadrifasciata (Strangalia quadrifasciata), is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Leptura quadrifasciata	species
taxon rank	Buddleja domingensis is a species endemic to the uplands of Haiti and the Dominican Republic, growing in rocky, limestone ravines, along forest edges and roadsides; it was first described and named by Ignatz Urban in 1908.	Buddleja domingensis	species
taxon rank	Odostomia trifida, common name the three-toothed odostome, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Odostomia trifida	species
taxon rank	Bathygadus is a genus of rattails of the family Bathygadidae.	Bathygadus	genus
taxon rank	Sphenodontidae is a family within the group Sphenodontia.	Sphenodontidae	family
taxon rank	Brachyhypopomus is a genus of bluntnose knifefishes found in Central and South America.	Brachyhypopomus	genus
taxon rank	Schizodactylus monstrosus is a species of large cricket found in Asia.	Schizodactylus monstrosus	species
taxon rank	Syncalathium is a genus of Chinese plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family.	Syncalathium	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus variegatus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around southern Japan.	Callionymus variegatus	species
taxon rank	Caerorhachis (meaning ``suitable spine'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland, probably from the Serpukhovian stage.	Caerorhachis	genus
taxon rank	Microlophichthys microlophus, the Short-rod anglerfish, is a species of dreamer found at depths of around 1,050 metres (3,440 ft) in tropical and subtropical oceans.	Microlophichthys microlophus	species
taxon rank	Saintpaulia shumensis is a species of Saintpaulia endemic to Shume in the west Usambara Mountains and also from the northern Nguru Mountains, Tanzania, where it grows at altidues of 1,300 to 2,000 meters above sea level.	Saintpaulia shumensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudochazara williamsi (Romei, 1927) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara williamsi	species
taxon rank	Erica scoparia is a shrubby species of heath in the flowering plant family Ericaceae.	Erica scoparia	species
taxon rank	Alcockia rostrata is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it is found at depths of from 2,761 to 4,040 metres (9,058 to 13,255 ft).	Alcockia rostrata	species
taxon rank	Cortinarius cruentipellis is a rare species of agaric fungus in the subgenus Phlegmacium of the large mushroom genus Cortinarius.	Cortinarius cruentipellis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Cyanoannulus petersenii, which was found growing on decorticated wood in a stream in North Carolina.	Cyanoannulus	species
taxon rank	Hakea minyma (Watjula or Nyintirpa) is a species of shrub that is native to Australia.	Hakea minyma	species
taxon rank	Aragosaurus (meaning ``Aragon lizard'') was a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous period of Galve, province of Teruel, in the autonomous territory of Aragón, Spain.	Aragosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Bellamya costulata is a species of large operculate freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae.	Bellamya costulata	species
taxon rank	Craugastor rayo, also known as the Sabana robber frog, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Craugastor rayo	species
taxon rank	Callionima juliane is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae, which is known from Peru.	Callionima juliane	species
taxon rank	Cumia alfredensis, common name : the narrow dwarf triton, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colubrariidae.	Cumia alfredensis	species
taxon rank	The Seshachari's caecilian, Gegeneophis seshachari, is a species of caecilian found in the Western Ghats of India.	Gegeneophis seshachari	species
taxon rank	Glomeris klugii is a species of pill millipedes.	Glomeris klugii	species
taxon rank	Plectronoceratoidea is a superorder of primitive nautiloids from the Late Cambrian and Early Ordovician that include the ancestors of subsequent cephalopod orders.	Plectronoceratoidea	superorder
taxon rank	The Donaldson Smith's sparrow-weaver (Plocepasser donaldsoni) is a species of bird in the Passeridae family.	Donaldson Smith's sparrow-weaver	species
taxon rank	Coelophysis bauri is an extinct species of coelophysid dinosaur that lived approximately 203 million years ago during the latter part of the Triassic Period in what is now the southwestern United States.	Coelophysis bauri	species
taxon rank	Euryzeargyrea fuscostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Euryzeargyrea.	Euryzeargyrea fuscostictica	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia tannensis var. eremophila is the more widespread variety of E. tannensis subsp.	Euphorbia tannensis var. eremophila	variety
taxon rank	Adotela bicolor is a species of beetle in the genus Adotela.	Adotela bicolor	species
taxon rank	Pachystegia is a genus of shrubs in the daisy family described as a genus in 1925.	Pachystegia	genus
taxon rank	Vokesimurex rectirostris, common name : the erect-spined murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Vokesimurex rectirostris	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus kalisherae, the Downy blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western Atlantic Ocean from south Florida to Brazil.	Labrisomus kalisherae	species
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus africanus (common name: African swamp frog) is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family.	Phrynobatrachus africanus	species
taxon rank	Celsiella is a small genus of glass frogs endemic to Venezuela.	Celsiella	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops debilis, or the West African blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops debilis	species
taxon rank	Nostoc punctiforme is a species of filamentous cyanobacteria.	Nostoc punctiforme	species
taxon rank	Ochlandra is a genus of Indian bamboo in the grass family).	Ochlandra	genus
taxon rank	Old World warblers are a large group of birds formerly grouped together in the bird family Sylviidae.	Old World warbler	family
taxon rank	Cephalopsetta ventrocellatus is a species of large-tooth flounder native to the Indian Ocean, from the Gulf of Oman in the west to the Andaman Sea in the east.	Cephalopsetta ventrocellatus	species
taxon rank	Xenopoecilus is a genus of small fish in the Adrianichthyidae family.	Xenopoecilus	genus
taxon rank	Rhopalosetia phlyctaenopa is a moth in the Copromorphidae family, and the only species in the genus Rhopalosetia.	Rhopalosetia phlyctaenopa	species
taxon rank	Pinna nobilis, common name the noble pen shell or fan mussel, is a large species of Mediterranean clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pinnidae, the pen shells.	Pinna nobilis	species
taxon rank	Oplismenus undulatifolius, commonly known as wavyleaf basketgrass, is a species of perennial grass from the Poaceae family that is native to South Asia, East Asia, Southeast Asia, Australia, and Southern Africa.	Oplismenus undulatifolius	species
taxon rank	Epitonium is a genus of small predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.	Epitonium	genus
taxon rank	Scoliostomatidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.	Scoliostomatidae	family
taxon rank	Allium taishanense is a plant species endemic to the Shandong region of China.	Allium taishanense	species
taxon rank	The Mola Hap (Mylochromis mola) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi.	Mylochromis mola	species
taxon rank	Atopochilus chabanaudi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Republic of the Congo where it occurs in Stanley Pool.	Atopochilus chabanaudi	species
taxon rank	Impatiens sodenii is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae known by the common names poor man's rhododendron, Oliver's touch-me-not, and shrub balsam.	Impatiens sodenii	species
taxon rank	Stellaria longipes is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name longstalk starwort.	Stellaria longipes	species
taxon rank	Mimancylistes malaisei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimancylistes.	Mimancylistes malaisei	species
taxon rank	Mithrax spinosissimus, also known as the West Indian spider crab, channel clinging crab, reef or spiny spider crab, or coral crab, is a species of spider crab that occurs throughout South Florida and across the Caribbean Islands.	Mithrax spinosissimus	species
taxon rank	Hypoecta longula is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Hypoecta of the family Ulidiidae.	Hypoecta longula	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha foliata is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Cameroon, Namibia, Tanzania, and Togo.	Hoplocorypha foliata	species
taxon rank	Acrotrichis insularis is a species of feather-winged beetle.	Acrotrichis insularis	species
taxon rank	The Zagros Mountains mouse-like hamster (Calomyscus bailwardi) is a relatively little-known rodent which was the first species of mouse-like hamster to be described.	Zagros Mountains mouse-like hamster	species
taxon rank	Ophrys fuciflora (late spider-orchid) is a species of flowering plant in the orchid family.	Ophrys fuciflora	species
taxon rank	Dictyostelium purpureum is a species of Dictyostelium.	Dictyostelium purpureum	species
taxon rank	Matthiola incana, known as hoary stock, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Matthiola.	Matthiola incana	species
taxon rank	Chitonidae is a family of chitons or polyplacophorans, marine mollusks whose shell is composed of eight articulating plates or valves.	Chitonidae	family
taxon rank	Priolepis robinsi is a species of goby native to the Atlantic Ocean off of Santa Marta, Colombia.	Priolepis robinsi	species
taxon rank	Akodon affinis, also known as the Colombian grass mouse or Cordillera Occidental akodont, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Akodon affinis	species
taxon rank	Coenaculum minutulum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tofanellidae.	Coenaculum minutulum	species
taxon rank	Poa labillardierei, also known as common tussock-grass, is a species of tussock grass that is endemic to Australia.	Poa labillardierei	species
taxon rank	Muscari botryoides is a bulbous perennial plant plant of the genus Muscari and one of a number of species and genera known as grape hyacinth.	Muscari botryoides	species
taxon rank	Plantago subnuda is a species of plantain known by the common name tall coastal plantain.	Plantago subnuda	species
taxon rank	Delemodacrys mourei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Delemodacrys.	Delemodacrys	species
taxon rank	Cheilosia albitarsis is an abundant European species of hoverfly.	Cheilosia albitarsis	species
taxon rank	Podocnemis is a genus of aquatic turtles commonly known as South American river turtles.	Podocnemis	genus
taxon rank	Angraecum cadetii is a species of orchid endemic to Mauritius and Réunion.	Angraecum cadetii	species
taxon rank	Anadia ocellata, commonly known as the bromeliad lizard or lagartija de las bromelias in Spanish, is a species of lizard endemic to the Americas.	Anadia ocellata	species
taxon rank	Lypusidae is an obscure family of moths placed in the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Lypusidae	family
taxon rank	Leptops is a genus of weevils belonging the family Curculionidae.	Leptops	genus
taxon rank	Baloskion australe, commonly known as the southern or mountain cordrush, is a species of perennial herb found in southeastern Australia.	Baloskion australe	species
taxon rank	Geranium holm-nielsenii is a species of plant in the Geraniaceae family.	Geranium holm-nielsenii	species
taxon rank	Alpheus rapacida, is a species of snapping shrimp of the family Alpheidae.	Alpheus rapacida	species
taxon rank	Pugnellidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha known from the Late Cretaceous.	Pugnellidae	family
taxon rank	Phosphatocopida is an order of extinct arthropods closely related to crown-group crustaceans	Phosphatocopida	order
taxon rank	Hesperocnide is a small genus of nettles containing two species.	Hesperocnide	genus
taxon rank	Scotinotylus exsectoides is a species of sheet weaver found in Canada.	Scotinotylus exsectoides	species
taxon rank	Microdactylon is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1908.	Microdactylon	genus
taxon rank	Jacforus cavatus is a species of crab in the monotypic genus Jacforus in the family Xanthidae.	Jacforus cavatus	species
taxon rank	Tadzhikosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatoroid crocodilian from the Late Cretaceous of Tajikistan.	Tadzhikosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Leptosynanceia asteroblepa is a species of stonefish native to the marine and fresh waters of Southeast Asia.	Leptosynanceia asteroblepa	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Eugennaea laquearia, which is found in New Zealand.	Eugennaea	species
taxon rank	Daphnia jollyi is a species of crustacean in the genus Daphnia.	Daphnia jollyi	species
taxon rank	Lophotus is a genus of crestfishes with these currently recognized species:	Lophotus	genus
taxon rank	Polyscias cissodendron, commonly known as the Island Pine, is a species of tree in the ivy family, Araliaceae.	Polyscias cissodendron	species
taxon rank	Agrostis hendersonii is an uncommon species of grass known by the common name Henderson's bent grass.	Agrostis hendersonii	species
taxon rank	Mimulus hymenophyllus is a species of flowering plant in the lopseed family known by the common names thinsepal monkeyflower and membrane-leaf monkeyflower.	Mimulus hymenophyllus	species
taxon rank	Oenopota rubescens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae,.	Oenopota rubescens	species
taxon rank	Rhagoletis chionanthi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.	Rhagoletis chionanthi	species
taxon rank	Piophila is a genus of small two-winged flies which includes the species known as the cheese fly.	Piophila	genus
taxon rank	Demophoo hammatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Demophoo.	Demophoo hammatus	species
taxon rank	Smerinthus is a Holarctic genus of hawkmoths in the family Sphingidae.	Smerinthus	genus
taxon rank	Hyperopisus bebe is a species of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae.	Hyperopisus bebe	species
taxon rank	Astragalus jaegerianus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Lane Mountain milkvetch.	Astragalus jaegerianus	species
taxon rank	Obolellida is a small, extinct order of inarticulate brachiopods that existed from the early to middle Cambrian period.	Obolellida	order
taxon rank	Meiacanthus atrodorsalis, the Forktail blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Meiacanthus atrodorsalis	species
taxon rank	Megatheriidae is a family of extinct ground sloths that lived from approximately 23 mya--11,000 years ago, existing for approximately 22.89 million years.	Megatheriidae	family
taxon rank	Digitaria cognata is a species of grass known by the common names fall witchgrass, Carolina crabgrass, and mountain hairgrass.	Digitaria cognata	species
taxon rank	Rhodococcus is a genus of aerobic, nonsporulating, nonmotile Gram-positive bacteria closely related to Mycobacterium and Corynebacterium.	Rhodococcus	genus
taxon rank	Euamyia chryselytria is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Euamyia.	Euamyia	genus
taxon rank	Pyropia tenera, also known as nori, is a red algal species in the genus Pyropia.	Pyropia tenera	species
taxon rank	Cyrtochiloides, a genus of orchids created in 2001 by Norris H. Williams and Mark W. Chase, is designed to provide a small group of Neotropical epiphytes, previously included under a broad concept of Oncidium Sw., with a new, more accurate identity based on DNA.	Cyrtochiloides	genus
taxon rank	The Entomobryomorpha are one of the three main groups (order) of springtails (Collembola), tiny hexapods related to insects.	Entomobryomorpha	order
taxon rank	Sedum reflexum or Sedum rupestre, also known as reflexed stonecrop, Jenny's stonecrop, blue stonecrop, stone orpine and prick-madam, is a species of perennial succulent plant of the genus Sedum, native to northern, central, and southwestern Europe.	Sedum reflexum	species
taxon rank	Peziza petersii is a species of apothecial fungus belonging to the family Pezizaceae.	Peziza petersii	species
taxon rank	Cistanthe rosea (formerly Calyptridium roseum) is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family commonly known as rosy pussypaws.	Cistanthe rosea	species
taxon rank	Ovodynerus is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with eleven species.	Ovodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum philippinense is a species of orchid occurring from the Philippines to northern Borneo.	Paphiopedilum philippinense	species
taxon rank	Cordylanthus ramosus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name bushy bird's beak.	Cordylanthus ramosus	species
taxon rank	Triprion petasatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.	Triprion petasatus	species
taxon rank	Lysiphyllum cunninghamii, commonly known as the Kimberley Bauhinia or Jigal Tree, is a species of plant in the Fabaceae family.	Lysiphyllum cunninghamii	species
taxon rank	Crepidula onyx, the onyx slippersnail or onyx slipper snail, is a species of sea snail with gills, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails and cup-and-saucer snails.	Crepidula onyx	species
taxon rank	Ageneiosus is a genus of driftwood catfishes found mostly in South America with one species extending into Central America.	Ageneiosus	genus
taxon rank	Paraschistura alepidota is a species of stone loach found in the Madyan River in Pakistan and the Indus River in China.	Paraschistura alepidota	species
taxon rank	†Carelia hyattiana was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia hyattiana	species
taxon rank	Erigeron jonesii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Jones's fleabane.	Erigeron jonesii	species
taxon rank	Paragonimus skrjabini is classified as a species in the genus Paragonimus, which consists of many species of lung flukes that result in the food-borne parasitic disease paragonimiasis.	Paragonimus skrjabini	species
taxon rank	Clava multicornis is a species of athecate hydroid belonging to the family Hydractiniidae.	Clava multicornis	species
taxon rank	Amolops aniqiaoensis (Aniqiao torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China.	Amolops aniqiaoensis	species
taxon rank	Chlorocardium venenosum is one of two species of the genus Chlorocardium in the family Lauraceae.	Chlorocardium venenosum	species
taxon rank	Aaptos is a genus of sea sponge.	Aaptos	genus
taxon rank	Abronia pogonantha is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family (Nyctaginaceae) known by the common name Mojave sand-verbena.	Abronia pogonantha	species
taxon rank	Gelagna succincta, common name the lesser girdled triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Gelagna succincta	species
taxon rank	Glyphipterix melania is a species of sedge moths in the genus Glyphipterix.	Glyphipterix melania	species
taxon rank	Ipomopsis congesta is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name ballhead ipomopsis.	Ipomopsis congesta	species
taxon rank	Coelophysis rhodesiensis is an extinct species of coelophysid theropod dinosaur that lived approximately 188 million years ago during the early part of the Jurassic Period in what is now Africa.	Coelophysis rhodesiensis	species
taxon rank	Haliplus alluaudi is a species of Haliplidae in the genus Haliplus.	Haliplus alluaudi	species
taxon rank	In 1984 this was named and shortly described by Rinchen Barsbold and Altangerel Perle as the type and only species of the new genus Harpymimus:	Harpymimus	genus
taxon rank	Persoonia myrtilloides, commonly known as myrtle geebung, is a shrub species that is endemic to New South Wales in Australia.	Persoonia myrtilloides	species
taxon rank	Tamaricaceae (the tamarisk family) is a flowering plant family containing four genera.	Tamaricaceae	family
taxon rank	Endolobus is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order, Nautilida.	Endolobus	genus
taxon rank	Sarcotheca glomerula is a species of plant in the family Oxalidaceae.	Sarcotheca glomerula	species
taxon rank	The Cordillera Yanachaga's frog (Phrynopus bracki) (Spanish: ranita de la Cordillera Yanachaga) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Phrynopus bracki	species
taxon rank	Synalpheus regalis is a species of snapping shrimp that commonly live in sponges in the coral reefs along the tropical West Atlantic.	Synalpheus regalis	species
taxon rank	Agriocnemis falcifera, the white-masked whisp is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Agriocnemis falcifera	species
taxon rank	Chlamydia muridarum is an intracellular bacterial species that at one time belonged to Chlamydia trachomatis.	Chlamydia muridarum	species
taxon rank	Cryptocoryne cruddasiana is a plant species belonging to the aroid genus Cryptocoryne.	Cryptocoryne cruddasiana	species
taxon rank	Harmonia nutans (syn. Madia nutans) is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name nodding madia.	Harmonia nutans	species
taxon rank	Ganesocoris is a genus of assassin bugs.	Ganesocoris	genus
taxon rank	Sivaladapidae is an extinct family of adapiform primates from Asia.	Sivaladapidae	family
taxon rank	Trypanidius nocturnus is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Trypanidius.	Trypanidius nocturnus	species
taxon rank	Hastula albula, common name : the white-banded auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Hastula albula	species
taxon rank	Monolopia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name common monolopia.	Monolopia lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Puzosia is a genus of desmoceratid ammonite, and the type genus for the Puzosiinae, which lived during the middle part of the Cretaceous, from early Albian to upper Santonian (130.0 to 70.6 Ma).	Puzosia	genus
taxon rank	Phytolacca is a genus of perennial plants native to North America, South America, East Asia and New Zealand.	Phytolacca	genus
taxon rank	The Polygonaceae are a family of flowering plants known informally as the knotweed family or smartweed--buckwheat family in the United States.	Polygonaceae	family
taxon rank	Ptychochromis makira is a species of cichlid only known from the Antainambalana River in the northernmost part of the Toamasina Province in Madagascar.	Ptychochromis makira	species
taxon rank	Asterophora parasitica, commonly known as the parasitic Asterophora or the Russula parasite, is a species of fungus that grows as a parasite on other mushrooms.	Asterophora parasitica	species
taxon rank	The scientific name Solanum nelsonii has also -- invalidly -- been given to two other species of nightshade:	Solanum nelsonii	species
taxon rank	Bagheera prosper is a species of jumping spiders of the family Salticidae.	Bagheera prosper	species
taxon rank	Cymbidiella, abbreviated as Cymla in horticultural trade, is a genus of 3 species of epiphytic orchids native to the moist forests of Madagascar.	Cymbidiella	genus
taxon rank	Thelymitra cyanea, commonly known as the swamp sun orchid, is a species of orchid which is native to New Zealand and south-east Australia in South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, the Australian Capital Territory, and Tasmania.	Thelymitra cyanea	species
taxon rank	Odontopteryx is a genus of the prehistoric pseudotooth birds or pelagornithids.	Odontopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Campynema is a plant genus in the Campynemataceae family first described in 1805.	Campynema	genus
taxon rank	Allium thunbergii is an East Asian species of wild onion native to Japan (incl Bonin + Ryukyu Islands), Korea, and China (incl. Taiwan).	Allium thunbergii	species
taxon rank	Ayapana is a genus of perennial herbs in the sunflower family.	Ayapana	genus
taxon rank	The Ulodidae are a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga.	Ulodidae	family
taxon rank	Myripristis is a genus of soldierfishes.	Myripristis	genus
taxon rank	Salsola stocksii is a shrub species of the family Amaranthaceae.	Salsola stocksii	species
taxon rank	Tenebrio obscurus is a species of darkling beetle, whose larvae, when used as feeder insects for reptile and amphibian pets, are known as mini mealworms.	Tenebrio obscurus	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Columnomyces ptomaphagi.	Columnomyces	species
taxon rank	Tantilla tritaeniata, commonly known as the three-banded centipede snake, is a species of small colubrid snake.	Tantilla tritaeniata	species
taxon rank	Xanthosia pilosa, known as the Woolly Xanthosia is a species of the plant family Mackinlayaceae, but sometimes also placed in Araliaceae or Apiaceae.	Xanthosia pilosa	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia pubentissima, known by the common names false flowering spurge and southeastern flowering spurge, is a species of plant in the spurge family.	Euphorbia pubentissima	species
taxon rank	Houstonia correllii, the Zapata County bluet, or Correll's bluet, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Houstonia correllii	species
taxon rank	Lewisia disepala is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Yosemite lewisia.	Lewisia disepala	species
taxon rank	Alsodes is a genus of alsodid frogs found in Chile and Argentina.	Alsodes	genus
taxon rank	Xylodromus affinis is a species of beetle in the Staphylinidae family, that can be found in Europe.	Xylodromus affinis	species
taxon rank	Garra gotyla is a species of ray-finned fish in the cyprinid family from freshwater in South Asia.	Garra gotyla	species
taxon rank	Pachymatisma johnstonia is a species of demosponge belonging to the family Geodiidae.	Pachymatisma johnstonia	species
taxon rank	Rodriguezia lanceolata is a species of orchid found from the St. Vincent, Trinidad, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela, the Guianas, Peru, Ecuador, and Brazil.	Rodriguezia lanceolata	species
taxon rank	The Tetrapediini are a tribe of apid bees.	Tetrapediini	tribe
taxon rank	Hedychium coccineum, also known as orange gingerlily, scarlet gingerlily, and orange bottlebrush ginger), is a species of flowering ginger.	Hedychium coccineum	species
taxon rank	Meganoplium imbelle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Meganoplium.	Meganoplium	genus
taxon rank	Myxodes ornatus is a species of clinid native to the Pacific coast of Chile, South America.	Myxodes ornatus	species
taxon rank	Afrolittorina knysnaensis, common name the southern periwinkle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Afrolittorina knysnaensis	species
taxon rank	Anthoxanthum, the vernal grasses or vernalgrasses, is a genus of plants in the grass family.Jepson Manual Treatment The members of Anthoxanthum are widespread in temperate and subtropical parts of Africa and Eurasia, with a few species in tropical mountains.	Anthoxanthum	genus
taxon rank	Calliostoma granti, common name the multibeaded maurea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma granti	species
taxon rank	Oncidium raniferum is a species of orchid endemic to eastern Brazil.	Oncidium raniferum	species
taxon rank	Myrceugenia leptospermoides is a species of small evergreen tree or large shrub in the genus Myrceugenia of the family Myrtaceae.	Myrceugenia leptospermoides	species
taxon rank	Tilefishes are mostly small perciform marine fish comprising the family Malacanthidae.	Tilefish	family
taxon rank	Hyalopsocus morio is a black coloured species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain, Ireland, Poland, Romania, and in every country of Western Europe (except for Finland, Luxembourg and Scandinavia).	Hyalopsocus morio	species
taxon rank	Carex neurophora is a species of sedge known by the common name alpine nerve sedge.	Carex neurophora	species
taxon rank	Vespadelus is a genus of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Vespadelus	genus
taxon rank	Odontobutis yaluensis is a species of freshwater sleeper endemic to China.	Odontobutis yaluensis	species
taxon rank	Francoa sonchifolia, commonly known as bridalwreath, is a plant species in the family Melianthaceae.	Francoa sonchifolia	species
taxon rank	Acrochaetiales is an order of red algae.	Acrochaetiales	order
taxon rank	Aradus is a genus of true bugs in the family Aradidae, the flat bugs.	Aradus	genus
taxon rank	Phlox stansburyi is a species of phlox known by the common names cold-desert phlox and pink phlox.	Phlox stansburyi	species
taxon rank	Laminaria agardhii is a species of brown kelp, noted by a strong holdfast and finger-like blades.	Laminaria agardhii	species
taxon rank	Ovalipes ocellatus is a species of crab from eastern North America, known as the lady crab, calico crab (not to be confused with Hepatus epheliticus) or ocellated crab.	Ovalipes ocellatus	species
taxon rank	Anomaloglossus lacrimosus is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Anomaloglossus lacrimosus	species
taxon rank	Megasyrphus erratica is a Eurasian species of hoverfly associated with mature conifer woodlands and plantations.	Megasyrphus erratica	species
taxon rank	Gongora galeata is a species of orchid found in Mexico.	Gongora galeata	species
taxon rank	Rheobates palmatus is a species of frog in the family Aromobatidae; it is the type species of genus Rheobates erected in 2006.	Rheobates palmatus	species
taxon rank	Hemidactylus brookii, commonly known as Brooke's house gecko, is a widespread species of gecko.	Hemidactylus brookii	species
taxon rank	Abraxas membranacea is a species of moth belonging to the family Geometridae.	Abraxas membranacea	species
taxon rank	Isocoma pluriflora, commonly called Southern jimmyweed, is a North American species of flowering perennial herbs in the sunflower family.	Isocoma pluriflora	species
taxon rank	Oliva reticularis, common name the netted olive, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Oliva reticularis	species
taxon rank	Eleutherococcus senticosus is a species of small, woody shrub in the family Araliaceae native to Northeastern Asia.	Eleutherococcus senticosus	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus latus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Monné & Martins in 1976.	Anisopodus latus	species
taxon rank	Pinus dabeshanensis, Dabieshan white pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus dabeshanensis	species
taxon rank	Cochlespira cedonulli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae,.	Cochlespira cedonulli	species
taxon rank	Rhagio tringarius, common name Marsh Snipefly, is a species of flies from the family Rhagionidae.	Rhagio tringarius	species
taxon rank	Hechtia gayorum is a species in the genus Hechtia and is the only monoecious species within the genus.	Hechtia gayorum	species
taxon rank	Typhlodessus monteithi is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Typhlodessus.	Typhlodessus	genus
taxon rank	Rauvolfia sandwicensis, the devil's-pepper, also known as hao in the Hawaiian language, is a species of flowering plant in the milkweed family, Apocynaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Rauvolfia sandwicensis	species
taxon rank	Carex otrubae, the false fox-sedge, is a species of flowering plant in the Cyperaceae family which can be found in Central Asia, Europe, West Siberia, and Xinjiang, China at the elevation of 1,800 millimetres (71 in).	Carex otrubae	species
taxon rank	Geckoella is a genus of Gekkonidae endemic to India and Sri Lanka.	Geckoella	genus
taxon rank	Leccinum rugosiceps, commonly known as the wrinkled Leccinum, is a species of bolete fungus.	Leccinum rugosiceps	species
taxon rank	Vulpia microstachys is a species of grass known by the common names small fescue and small sixweeks grass.	Vulpia microstachys	species
taxon rank	Xyris isoetifolia, the quillwort yelloweyed grass, is a plant species native to southern Alabama and to the Florida panhandle, where it is found in coastal plains, Sphagnum bogs, and the edges of sinkholes.	Xyris isoetifolia	species
taxon rank	Incisoscutum is a genus of arthrodire placoderm from the Late Frasnian Gogo Reef, from Late Devonian Australia.	Incisoscutum	genus
taxon rank	The Neriidae are a family of true flies (Diptera) closely related to the Micropezidae.	Neriidae	family
taxon rank	Rhacophorus hoanglienensis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Vietnam and possibly China.	Rhacophorus hoanglienensis	species
taxon rank	Prionus californicus, commonly known as the California root borer, is a species of insect in the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae).	Prionus californicus	species
taxon rank	Lethocerus americanus is a giant water bug in the family Belostomatidae, native to southern Canada and the United States (north of 35°N; other Lethocerus species are found southwards).	Lethocerus americanus	species
taxon rank	Nebria kabakovi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Afghanistan.	Nebria kabakovi	species
taxon rank	Austrochloritis ascensa is a species of gastropod in the Camaenidae family.	Austrochloritis ascensa	species
taxon rank	Gyrinoides limbatus is a species of beetle in the family Gyrinidae, the only species in the genus Gyrinoides.	Gyrinoides	genus
taxon rank	Pomatoceros triqueter is a species of tube-building annelid worm in the class Polychaeta.	Pomatoceros triqueter	species
taxon rank	Curculio elephas is a species of beetle in the family Curculionidae, the true weevils.	Curculio elephas	species
taxon rank	Nemanthus annamensis, commonly known as the gorgonian wrapper, is a species of sea anemone found in central Indo-Pacific waters.	Nemanthus annamensis	species
taxon rank	Anoplocapros is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans where they are found mostly around Australia.	Anoplocapros	genus
taxon rank	Xylorhiza cronquistii, common name Cronquist's woody-aster, is a plant species endemic to the Kaiparowits Plateau in Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in Kane County, Utah at elevations of 1900-2100 m. Xylorhiza cronquistii is a subshrub up to 30 cm tall.	Xylorhiza cronquistii	species
taxon rank	Modiolus albicostus is a species of ``horse mussel'', a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae, the mussels.	Modiolus albicostus	species
taxon rank	Monolopia major is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name cupped monolopia.	Monolopia major	species
taxon rank	The Anomphalidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.	Anomphalidae	family
taxon rank	Cerambycinus dubius is an extinct species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cerambycinus.	Cerambycinus dubius	species
taxon rank	The Dark Knob-tipped shadowdamsel, (Drepanosticta montana) is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae.	Drepanosticta montana	species
taxon rank	The Cochabamba mountain finch (Compsospiza garleppi) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Cochabamba mountain finch	species
taxon rank	Catasigerpes mortuifolia is a species of praying mantis in the genus Catasigerpes in the order Mantodea.	Catasigerpes mortuifolia	species
taxon rank	Quercus pontica, the Pontine oak or Armenian oak, is a species of oak native to the western Caucasus mountains of Georgia and northeastern Turkey and Armenia, where it grows at altitudes of 1,300-2,100 m.	Quercus pontica	species
taxon rank	Chondrinidae is a family of mostly minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the order Pulmonata.	Chondrinidae	family
taxon rank	Meadowlarks are New World grassland birds belonging to the genus Sturnella.	Meadowlark	genus
taxon rank	Menegazzia capitata is a species of lichen from Southeast Asia.	Menegazzia capitata	species
taxon rank	Bothrops moojeni, commonly known in English as the Brazilian lancehead, is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family.	Bothrops moojeni	species
taxon rank	Stenorynchoacrum xijiangensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China where it is only known from Guangxi Province.	Stenorynchoacrum xijiangensis	species
taxon rank	Homo gautengensis is a hominin species proposed by biological anthropologist Darren Curnoe in 2010.	Homo gautengensis	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis emarginatus, the Phongolo suckermout, is a species of upside-down catfish native to Mozambique, South Africa, Swaziland and Zimbabwe where it occurs in the Pongola, Komati, Pungwe and the middle to lower Zambezi Rivers.	Chiloglanis emarginatus	species
taxon rank	Sphenosuchia is a suborder of basal crocodylomorphs that first appeared in the Triassic and occurred into the Late Jurassic.	Sphenosuchia	suborder
taxon rank	Boletus auripes, commonly known as the butter-foot bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Boletus auripes	species
taxon rank	Hemidactylus robustus is a species of geckota order of geckos.	Hemidactylus robustus	species
taxon rank	Cyclostomatida, or cyclostomes, are an ancient order of stenolaemate bryozoans which first appeared in the Lower Ordovician.	Cyclostomatida	order
taxon rank	Elysia pusilla is a species of small sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae.	Elysia pusilla	species
taxon rank	Bacilladnavirus is a genus of single stranded DNA viruses.	Bacilladnavirus	genus
taxon rank	Stokesia vernalis is a species of single-celled ciliate protozoa of the genus Stokesia.	Stokesia vernalis	species
taxon rank	Micrelaps tchernovi, commonly known as Tchernov's chainling, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Micrelaps tchernovi	species
taxon rank	Patagonykus is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Argentina.	Patagonykus	genus
taxon rank	It was described by Wedekind in 1914, and the type species is Denckmannites volborthi, which was originally described under the genus Phacops by Barrande in 1852.	Denckmannites	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium novae-zelandiae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the plant Festuca novae-zelandiae.Penicillium novae-zelandiae produces patulin, 3-hydroxybenzyl alcohol and gentisyl alcohol	Penicillium novae-zelandiae	species
taxon rank	The Japanese red-backed vole or Wakayama red-backed vole or Anderson's red-backed vole (Myodes andersoni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Japanese red-backed vole	species
taxon rank	Heliconia latispatha (expanded lobsterclaw) is a plant species native to southern Mexico (Tabasco, Oaxaca, Chiapas, Campeche), Central America and northern South America (Colombia, Venezuela, Ecuador and Peru) and naturalized in Florida and Jamaica.	Heliconia latispatha	species
taxon rank	Lankascincus greeri, commonly known as Greer's Lanka skink, is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.	Lankascincus greeri	species
taxon rank	Hyperolius tuberilinguis (commonly known as tinker reed frog) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Hyperolius tuberilinguis	species
taxon rank	Argyresthiinae is a subfamily of moths of the Yponomeutidae family, although it is treated as a full family Argyresthiidae by some authors.	Argyresthiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Mountain labordia (Labordia hirtella) is a species of flowering plant in the Loganiaceae family.	Labordia hirtella	species
taxon rank	Tanymastix is a genus of anostracan crustaceans, characterised by their lenticular (lentil-shaped) eggs.	Tanymastix	genus
taxon rank	Othonna is a genus of African plants in the sunflower family.	Othonna	genus
taxon rank	Phengaris is a genus of gossamer-winged butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae.	Phengaris	genus
taxon rank	The Uranoceratidae is a family of Silurian barrandeoceroids that tend to become uncoiled with age and in which siphuncle segments tend to be expanded into the camerae.	Uranoceratidae	family
taxon rank	The Littorinidae are a taxonomic family of over 200 species of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha, commonly known as periwinkles and found worldwide.	Littorinidae	family
taxon rank	Cyathea gregaria is a species of tree fern endemic to eastern New Guinea, where it grows in lowland forest and coastal rain forest, often forming clumps, at an elevation of up to 100 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and usually 4--5 m tall and about 10 cm in diameter.	Cyathea gregaria	species
taxon rank	Oceanodroma is a genus of storm petrels.	Oceanodroma	genus
taxon rank	The Acanthizidae, also known as the Australasian warblers, are a family of passerine birds which include gerygones, thornbills, and scrubwrens.	Acanthizidae	family
taxon rank	Mentzelia torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Torrey's blazingstar.	Mentzelia torreyi	species
taxon rank	Graptopsaltria nigrofuscata, the large brown cicada, is a species of cicada in the genus Graptopsaltria of the family Cicadidae found across East Asia, including Japan, the Korean Peninsula, and China.	Graptopsaltria nigrofuscata	species
taxon rank	The Pediciidae or hairy-eyed craneflies are a family of flies closely related to true crane flies, with about 500 species worldwide.	Pediciidae	family
taxon rank	Cyclopsis tentacularis is a species of lumpfish native to the Sea of Okhotsk.	Cyclopsis tentacularis	species
taxon rank	In his original description of the genus, Lang described the sporangia as flattened, ``with terminal sporangia that are short and wide'', and in the species Cooksonia pertoni ``considerably wider than high''.	Cooksonia	genus
taxon rank	Drosera tomentosa, is a species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Brazil.	Drosera tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Iris arenaria (Sand Iris) is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Iris and in the Psammiris section.	Iris arenaria	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus obtusifolius is a common species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found throughout Southeast Asia, including Andaman Islands, Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam.	Dipterocarpus obtusifolius	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Scintillithex glaucisparsa, which is found on Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia.	Scintillithex	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus cristatus is a species of viridans Streptococcus with tufted fibrils, first isolated from the human oral cavity and throat.	Streptococcus cristatus	species
taxon rank	Megistolepis is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period.	Megistolepis	genus
taxon rank	Brodiaea minor is a species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus known by the common names dwarf brodiaea and vernalpool brodiaea.	Brodiaea minor	species
taxon rank	Marginellona gigas is a species of very large deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae.	Marginellona gigas	species
taxon rank	Pachyphytum hookeri is a species of the genus Pachyphytum in the family of Crassulaceae.	Pachyphytum hookeri	species
taxon rank	Eurydice pulchra, the speckled sea louse, is a species of isopod crustacean found in the northeast Atlantic Ocean.	Eurydice pulchra	species
taxon rank	Ribes sericeum is a species of currant known by the common name Lucia gooseberry, or Santa Lucia gooseberry; its Latin epithet of sericeum means ``of silk''.	Ribes sericeum	species
taxon rank	Davidaster discoideus or the beaded crinoid is a species of feather star in the family Comasteridae.	Davidaster discoideus	species
taxon rank	Buergerocaris is an extinct genus of shrimp, containing only one species, Buergerocaris psittacoides.	Buergerocaris	genus
taxon rank	Meroctenus crenulatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Meroctenus.	Meroctenus	species
taxon rank	Microgale grandidieri, also known as Grandidier's shrew tenrec, is a species of shrew tenrec occurring in the dry forests of western and southwestern Madagascar.	Microgale grandidieri	species
taxon rank	Pilotrochus is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Pilotrochus besmerus.	Pilotrochus	species
taxon rank	Edmontosaurini are a tribe of saurolophine hadrosaurs that lived in the Northern Hemisphere during the Late Cretaceous period.	Edmontosaurini	tribe
taxon rank	Hostuviroid is a genus of viroids that includes the hop stunt viroids, a group of viroids that infects many different types of plants, including the common hop plant.	Hostuviroid	genus
taxon rank	Mikrogeophagus is a genus of small cichlids native to the Amazon and Orinoco basins in South America.	Mikrogeophagus	genus
taxon rank	Dysoxylum pettigrewianum, commonly known as the Spurwood, is a species of large tropical rainforest tree in the Mahogany family.	Dysoxylum pettigrewianum	species
taxon rank	Ceranthia tristella is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Ceranthia of the family Tachinidae.	Ceranthia tristella	species
taxon rank	Artemisia norvegica is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names alpine sagewort, boreal sagewort, mountain sagewort, Norwegian mugwort, arctic wormwood, and spruce wormwood.	Artemisia norvegica	species
taxon rank	Tectisumen clypidellaeformis is a species of small deepwater limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lepetellidae.	Tectisumen clypidellaeformis	species
taxon rank	Rubus tomentosus is a European and Middle Eastern species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus tomentosus	species
taxon rank	Ludodactylus was a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Crato Formation of Ceará, Brazil.	Ludodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Artemisia glacialis (Glacier Wormwood) is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family.	Artemisia glacialis	species
taxon rank	Potamon fluviatile is edible, as indicated by its alternative specific epithet edulis, and was known to the ancient Greeks; it is probably this species which they depicted on medals found at Agrigento, Sicily.	Potamon fluviatile	species
taxon rank	Epaphrodita lobivertex is a species of praying mantis, native to Hispaniola, that was discovered in 2004.	Epaphrodita lobivertex	species
taxon rank	Oreochromis leucostictus is a species of cichlid originally native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.	Oreochromis leucostictus	species
taxon rank	Asterropteryx striata, known commonly as the Striped Goby, is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Asterropteryx striata	species
taxon rank	Mauritia mauritiana, common names the humpback cowry, chocolate cowry, mourning cowry and Mauritius cowry, is a species of tropical sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Mauritia mauritiana	species
taxon rank	Papilio nubilus is a rare species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that can be found in Borneo.	Papilio nubilus	species
taxon rank	Acroncosa similella is a species of snout moth in the genus Acroncosa.	Acroncosa similella	species
taxon rank	Chiromantis doriae (common names: Doria's Asian treefrog, Doria's bush frog, Doria's bushfrog, Doria's tree frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Chiromantis doriae	species
taxon rank	Pallidohecyra pallida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pallidohecyra.	Pallidohecyra pallida	species
taxon rank	Pyropelta bohlei is a species of small sea snail, a deep-water limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyropeltidae.	Pyropelta bohlei	species
taxon rank	Archaeonycteridae (formerly spelled Archaeonycterididae) is a family of extinct bats.	Archaeonycteridae	family
taxon rank	Elaeodendron melanocarpum is a species of shrubs or small trees endemic to northern Australia.	Elaeodendron melanocarpum	species
taxon rank	Papilio euterpinus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.	Papilio euterpinus	species
taxon rank	Nephelomys meridensis, also known as the Mérida oryzomys, is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae.	Nephelomys meridensis	species
taxon rank	Pinjalo is a genus of snappers native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean, with these currently recognized species:	Pinjalo	genus
taxon rank	Chrysochroa vittata is a species of beetle in the Buprestidae family.	Chrysochroa vittata	species
taxon rank	Monardella arizonica is a plant species endemic to Arizona in the USA, known by the common name Arizona monardella.	Monardella arizonica	species
taxon rank	Spermacoce ovalifolia, the broadleaf false buttonweed, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Spermacoce ovalifolia	species
taxon rank	Lomatia dentata, commonly known as piñol or avellanillo, is a species of tree in the family Proteaceae.	Lomatia dentata	species
taxon rank	Allium roborowskianum is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang and Mongolia.	Allium roborowskianum	species
taxon rank	Cerion chrysalis is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerionidae, the peanut snails.	Cerion chrysalis	species
taxon rank	Arubolana aruboides is a species of crustacean in the family Cirolanidae.	Arubolana aruboides	species
taxon rank	Billbergia pyramidalis, commonly known as the Flaming torch, is a species of bromeliad that is native to Brazil, Venezuela, French Guiana, the Lesser Antilles and Cuba.	Billbergia pyramidalis	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Gloeocorticium cinerascens, found in Argentina.	Gloeocorticium	species
taxon rank	Oscinella frit is a European species of fly and member of the family Chloropidae.	Oscinella frit	species
taxon rank	Lathyrus splendens is a species of wild pea known by the common names pride of California and Campo pea.	Lathyrus splendens	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora purpurascens is a species of marsh pitcher plant known only from the summit area of Ptari Tepui in Venezuela, where it grows at elevations of 2400--2500 m.	Heliamphora purpurascens	species
taxon rank	The Dryomyzidae are a small family of flies ranging from 4-18 mm long, with prominent bristles, and yellow to brown or rust-yellow coloring.	Dryomyzidae	family
taxon rank	Paragomphus alluaudi is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Paragomphus alluaudi	species
taxon rank	Philaenus spumarius, the 'Meadow Froghopper', is a species belonging to the family Aphrophoridae.	Philaenus spumarius	species
taxon rank	Rolandra is a genus of flowering plants in the Vernonieae within the daisy family.	Rolandra	genus
taxon rank	Quercus basaseachicensis is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae (beech) family.	Quercus basaseachicensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudopezus binigromaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudopezus.	Pseudopezus binigromaculatus	species
taxon rank	Acheilognathus melanogaster (Japanese bitterling) is a species of brackish, freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.	Acheilognathus melanogaster	species
taxon rank	Pseudohaetera hypaesia is a butterfly species from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae.	Pseudohaetera hypaesia	species
taxon rank	Daphoenodon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore, which belonged to the family Amphicyonidae (``bear dogs'') of the suborder Caniformia.	Daphoenodon	genus
taxon rank	Chorizanthe diffusa is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name diffuse spineflower.	Chorizanthe diffusa	species
taxon rank	Rhenopteridae are an extinct family of prehistoric eurypterids that lived in the Lower Devonian period in Europe and possibly North America.	Rhenopteridae	family
taxon rank	Potamotrygonocotyle is a genus of flatworms that parasitise stingrays of the genus Potamotrygon.	Potamotrygonocotyle	genus
taxon rank	Anochetus goodmani is a species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Anochetus goodmani	species
taxon rank	Storckiella australiensis is a species of large rainforest legume trees up to 35 m (115 ft) tall, constituting part of the plant family Fabaceae.	Storckiella australiensis	species
taxon rank	Sahyadria chalakkudiensis is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Chalakkudy River, Kerala, India in the Western Ghats where it can be found in well-vegetated upper reaches of rivers.	Sahyadria chalakkudiensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudacteon formicarum is a kind of parasitic species of fly from the family of Phoridae of the subfamily Metopininae.	Pseudacteon formicarum	species
taxon rank	Disa stairsii is a species of Disa of the family Orchidaceae that can be found growing with the giant heathers on the Rwenzori Mountains of mountains in East tropical Africa.	Disa stairsii	species
taxon rank	Veterupristisaurus is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurid theropod dinosaur known from the Jurassic of Tendaguru, southeastern Tanzania.	Veterupristisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Anisus natalensis is a species of a freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Anisus natalensis	species
taxon rank	Dwarf cypress (Callitris monticola) is a species of conifer in the Cupressaceae family.	Callitris monticola	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis petronius is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake George, Uganda.	Haplochromis petronius	species
taxon rank	Neottia bifolia (syn. Listera australis), common name southern twayblade, is a species of terrestrial orchid found in eastern Canada (from Nova Scotia to Ontario) and the eastern United States (from Florida west to eastern Texas and north to Vermont).	Neottia bifolia	species
taxon rank	Mastax brittoni is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in Taiwan.	Mastax brittoni	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia setacea, the southern needleleaf, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia setacea	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus ditrichus, the Leastfoot blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico at depths of from near the surface to 6 metres (20 ft).	Paraclinus ditrichus	species
taxon rank	Clematis microphylla (Small-leaved Clematis) is one of 8 Clematis species native to Australia.	Clematis microphylla	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Gelatinodiscus flavidus.	Gelatinodiscus	species
taxon rank	Hydnellum conigenum, commonly known as the funnel hydnum, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae found in North America.	Hydnellum conigenum	species
taxon rank	Cornus peruviana is a species of tree in the family Cornaceae native to montane forests of southern Central America and western South America, from Costa Rica and Venezuela south to Bolivia.	Cornus peruviana	species
taxon rank	Tilia is a genus of about 30 species of trees native throughout most of the temperate Northern Hemisphere.	Tilia	genus
taxon rank	Epipremnum ceramense is a plant species of family Araceae.	Epipremnum ceramense	species
taxon rank	Seraphsidae is a family of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Seraphsidae	family
taxon rank	Coffea is a genus of flowering plants whose seeds, called coffee beans, are used to make coffee.	Coffea	genus
taxon rank	Prunus microcarpa (small-fruited cherry, كرز صغير الثمر ) is a species of Prunus native to Western Asia and the Caucasus.	Prunus microcarpa	species
taxon rank	The hymenopteran family Scelionidae is a very large cosmopolitan group (over 3000 described species in some 160 genera) of exclusively parasitoid wasps, mostly small (0.5--10 mm), often black, often highly sculptured, with (typically) elbowed antennae that have a 9- or 10-segmented flagellum.	Scelionidae	family
taxon rank	Cyanea procera is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Molokai cyanea.	Cyanea procera	species
taxon rank	Houstonia ouachitana (Ouachita bluet) is a species of plants in the coffee family.	Houstonia ouachitana	species
taxon rank	Pupisoma orcula is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc or micromollusks in the family Valloniidae.	Pupisoma orcula	species
taxon rank	Chlamydomonas is a genus of green algae consisting of unicellular flagellates, found in stagnant water and on damp soil, in freshwater, seawater, and even in snow as ``snow algae''.	Chlamydomonas	genus
taxon rank	Quasicaecilia is an extinct genus of microsaur.	Quasicaecilia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Rimanella arcana.	Rimanella	species
taxon rank	Acacia pervillei is a species of Acacia that is endemic to Madagascar.The species was first formally described by English botanist George Bentham in 1875 in Transactions of the Linnean Society of London.	Acacia pervillei	species
taxon rank	Pleurobema riddellii is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Pleurobema riddellii	species
taxon rank	Cupiennius foliatus is a banana spider species found in Costa Rica and Panama.	Cupiennius foliatus	species
taxon rank	Hintonella is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.It contains only one known species, Hintonella mexicana, native to central and southern Mexico (Jalisco, Guerrero, Mexico State, Morelos, Michoacán, Oaxaca).	Hintonella	genus
taxon rank	Semiotus insignis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.	Semiotus insignis	species
taxon rank	Orchestina is a spider genus in the family Oonopidae.	Orchestina	genus
taxon rank	Proportionately, the Mary River turtle has the smallest head and largest hind feet of all the species within the catchment, which contributes to its distinction of being the fastest swimmer.	Mary River turtle	species
taxon rank	Branchinella lithaca, the Stone Mountain fairy shrimp, is a species of crustacean in the family Thamnocephalidae.	Branchinella lithaca	species
taxon rank	Nymphargus puyoensis (common name: Puyo giant glass frog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Nymphargus puyoensis	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus oreades, commonly known as the Blue Mountains Ash, is a species of eucalyptus native to eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus oreades	species
taxon rank	Jasus lalandii (also called the Cape rock lobster or West Coast rock lobster) is a species of spiny lobster found off the coast of Southern Africa.	Jasus lalandii	species
taxon rank	Morelia spilota is a large species of python in the genus, reaching between 2 to 4 metres (6.6 to 13.1 ft) in length and weighing up to 15 kilograms (33 lb).	Morelia spilota	species
taxon rank	Haasiasaurus is an extinct genus of early mosasaur, originally named ``Haasia'' by M. J. Polcyn et al., in honour of the palaeontologist Georg Haas.	Haasiasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Coffea liberica (or Liberian coffee) is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Coffea liberica	species
taxon rank	Hieracium carneum, common name Huachuca hawkweed, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family, native to Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Chihuahua.	Hieracium carneum	species
taxon rank	Mordacia mordax, known as the short-headed lamprey, Australian lamprey or Murray lamprey, is a species of southern topeyed lamprey that lives in south-eastern Australia.	Mordacia mordax	species
taxon rank	Alatiliparis is a genus of orchids native to Java and Sumatra in Indonesia.	Alatiliparis	genus
taxon rank	Damon diadema is a species of arachnid, sometimes known as the tailless whip scorpion.	Damon diadema	species
taxon rank	Cycas calcicola is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas, native to northern Australia in the northwest of Northern Territory.	Cycas calcicola	species
taxon rank	Espostoopsis is a monotypic genus of cactus containing the single species Espostoopsis dybowskii.	Espostoopsis	species
taxon rank	The Flores warty pig (Sus heureni), is a species of in the pig genus (Sus) found in southern Asia.	Flores warty pig	species
taxon rank	Sartilmania is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Early Devonian (Emsian stage, around 410 to 390 million years ago).	Sartilmania	genus
taxon rank	Togocetus (``Togo whale'') is a genus of extinct cetacean from the Lutetian (lower Eocene) of Togo, known from a fossilized skeleton discovered few kilometers north-east of Lomé.	Togocetus	genus
taxon rank	Diamella kaszabi is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that is endemic to the Taiwan (Formosa).	Diamella kaszabi	species
taxon rank	Donacia tomentosa is a species of leaf beetle, that is distributed throughout Palearctic region, and from Southern France to Central Siberia.	Donacia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Bertrana is a spider genus that occurs from Central to South America.	Bertrana	genus
taxon rank	Phoberocyon is a large extinct genus of carnivorous Hemicyonid, found primarily in North America during the Miocene living from 20.6--16.3 mya, existing for approximately 4.3 million years.	Phoberocyon	genus
taxon rank	Booponus is a genus of blow flies in the family Calliphoridae.	Booponus	genus
taxon rank	Pterocerdale insolita is a species of freshwater dartfish known only from Weipa, Queensland, Australia.	Pterocerdale insolita	species
taxon rank	Harpachne schimperi is a species of grass in the true grass family (Poaceae), found from Ethiopia and Sudan south to Zambia.	Harpachne schimperi	species
taxon rank	Xenophora neozelanica, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Xenophoridae, the carrier snails or carrier shells.	Xenophora neozelanica	species
taxon rank	Ethopia gigantea is a species of snout moth in the genus Ethopia.	Ethopia gigantea	species
taxon rank	Conus rolani, common name Rolan's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus rolani	species
taxon rank	Ivesia kingii, reclassified as Potentilla kingii, is a species of flowering plant known by the common name King's mousetail.	Ivesia kingii	species
taxon rank	Azorella gummifera is a species of Azorella flowering plant.	Azorella gummifera	species
taxon rank	Brachyachne is a genus of African, Australian, and Southeast Asian plants in the grass family.	Brachyachne	genus
taxon rank	Only one species is recorded, Niaftasuchus zekkeli, from Nyafta, basin of the Mezen' River, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.	Niaftasuchus	species
taxon rank	Pallasina barbata, the Tubenose poacher, is a species of poacher native to the northern Pacific Ocean.	Pallasina barbata	species
taxon rank	Lespedeza bicolor is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names shrubby bushclover, shrub lespedeza, and bicolor lespedeza.	Lespedeza bicolor	species
taxon rank	Lernaea (also incorrectly spelled Lernea) is a genus of copepod crustaceans commonly called anchor worms, parasitic on freshwater fishes.	Lernaea	genus
taxon rank	Noteosuchus is an extinct genus of basal rhynchosaur known from the earliest Triassic deposits of Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Noteosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Filago pyramidata, common name Broadleaf cottonrose, is a European plant species in the sunflower family.	Filago pyramidata	species
taxon rank	Brickellia eupatorioides (false boneset) is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Brickellia eupatorioides	species
taxon rank	Chthonerpeton braestrupi is a species of amphibian in the Typhlonectidae family.	Chthonerpeton braestrupi	species
taxon rank	Linhenykus is an extinct genus of alvarezsaurid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Inner Mongolia, China.	Linhenykus	genus
taxon rank	Peloroplites (from Greek pelor ``monster'', and hoplites, ``armoured soldier'') is a genus of nodosaurid armored dinosaur from Lower Cretaceous rocks of Utah.	Peloroplites	genus
taxon rank	Tragulina is an infraorder of even-toed ungulates.	Tragulina	infraorder
taxon rank	Acemyini is a small but cosmopolitan tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae.	Acemyini	tribe
taxon rank	Iris latifolia, the English iris, also known as I. xiphiodes and I. anglica, is a hardy flowering bulbous species of the iris genus, in the family Iridaceae.	Iris latifolia	species
taxon rank	The Gobryidae are a family of five species in the genus Gobrya.	Gobryidae	family
taxon rank	Posticobia norfolkensis is an extinct species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Posticobia norfolkensis	species
taxon rank	Leistus rufomarginatus is a species of ground beetle that is native to Europe where it can be found in the following regions:	Leistus rufomarginatus	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus americanus is a species of shrub native to North America.	Ceanothus americanus	species
taxon rank	Galium humifusum (spreading bedstraw) is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Galium humifusum	species
taxon rank	Helmholtzia is a small genus of flowering plants described in 1866.	Helmholtzia	genus
taxon rank	Melaleuca orophila was first named in 2006 by Lyndley Craven in Novon when he transferred the species from Callistemon.	Melaleuca orophila	species
taxon rank	Cyanea asarifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name gingerleaf cyanea.	Cyanea asarifolia	species
taxon rank	Aquamarina is a fungal genus in the class Dothideomycetes.	Aquamarina	genus
taxon rank	Stratesaurus is an extinct genus of small-bodied rhomaleosaurid plesiosaur known from the Early Jurassic period (most likely earliest Hettangian stage) of the United Kingdom.	Stratesaurus	genus
taxon rank	Stilifer is a genus of small ectoparasitic sea snails that used to belong in the family Stiliferidae.	Stilifer	genus
taxon rank	Nebria bissenica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Romania.	Nebria bissenica	species
taxon rank	Zygosaccharomyces bailii is a species in the genus Zygosaccharomyces.	Zygosaccharomyces bailii	species
taxon rank	Sphaerolichus armipes is a mite species in the genus Sphaerolichus.	Sphaerolichus armipes	species
taxon rank	Ficus pumila (creeping fig or climbing fig) is a species of flowering plant in the mulberry family, native to East Asia (China, Japan, Vietnam) and naturalized in parts of the southeastern and south-central United States.	Ficus pumila	species
taxon rank	Citrullus ecirrhosus, commonly known as Namib tsamma, is a species of perennial desert vine in the Cucurbitaceae (gourd) family, and a distant relative of the widely consumed watermelon (Citrullus lanatus).	Citrullus ecirrhosus	species
taxon rank	Coreopsis stillmanii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Stillman's tickseed.	Coreopsis stillmanii	species
taxon rank	Acropora verweyi is a species of acroporid coral found in the southwest and northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia, southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea and the oceanic western Pacific Ocean.	Acropora verweyi	species
taxon rank	Iridoteuthis is a genus of bobtail squid comprising two species.	Iridoteuthis	genus
taxon rank	The Japanese clawed salamander (Onychodactylus japonicus) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Japan.	Japanese clawed salamander	species
taxon rank	Procoptodon was a genus of giant short-faced kangaroo living in Australia during the Pleistocene epoch.	Procoptodon	genus
taxon rank	Petrosavia sakuraii, one of three species in the genus Petrosavia, is a monocotyledonous plant first described by Tomitaro Makino in 1903 (see illustration), distributed in eastern and south-eastern Asia.	Petrosavia sakuraii	species
taxon rank	Gonospira nevilli is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Gonospira nevilli	species
taxon rank	Magiria imparella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Magiria.	Magiria imparella	species
taxon rank	Parastylonurus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid from the Silurian period.	Parastylonurus	genus
taxon rank	Descurainia paradisa is a plant species native to eastern and northern California, southeastern Oregon, Box Elder County in northwestern Utah, and most of Nevada.	Descurainia paradisa	species
taxon rank	Mariosousa is a genus of 13 species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Mariosousa	genus
taxon rank	Tylocephale (meaning ``swollen head'', from the Greek τυλη meaning 'callus' or 'hard swelling' and κεφαλη meaning 'head') is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous period.	Tylocephale	genus
taxon rank	The Tibetan snowfinch, black-winged snowfinch, or Adams's snowfinch (Montifringilla adamsi) is a species of bird in the sparrow family.	Tibetan snowfinch	species
taxon rank	Discotrema is a genus of clingfishes found on reefs in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Discotrema	genus
taxon rank	Scilla buekkensis (syn. Scilla drunensis subsp. buekkensis (Speta) Kereszty) is a species of Scilla native to some beech and hornbeam forests in Hungary and Slovakia in Central Europe.	Scilla buekkensis	species
taxon rank	Pareiorhina rudolphi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraíba do Sul River near Lorena, São Paulo State, Brazil.	Pareiorhina rudolphi	species
taxon rank	Linaria vulgaris (common toadflax, yellow toadflax, or butter-and-eggs) is a species of toadflax (Linaria), native to most of Europe, northern Asia, the United Kingdom, Spain, east to eastern Siberia, and western China.	Linaria vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Neocalamobius clavatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neocalamobius.	Neocalamobius clavatus	species
taxon rank	Xenentodon is a genus of needlefishes native to Asia.	Xenentodon	genus
taxon rank	Lasthenia maritima is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names maritime goldfields and seaside goldfieds.	Lasthenia maritima	species
taxon rank	Notogibbula lehmanni, common name the many-coloured top shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top shells.	Notogibbula lehmanni	species
taxon rank	Cambridgea elegans is a species of spider in the genus Cambridgea found in New Zealand.	Cambridgea elegans	species
taxon rank	Tarachodes minor is a species of praying mantis in the genus Tarachodes.	Tarachodes minor	species
taxon rank	Changmaornis is an extinct genus of basal ornithuromorph dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Xiagou Formation of Changma Basin, Gansu Province of northwestern China.	Changmaornis	genus
taxon rank	Coomanum singulare is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Coomanum.	Coomanum singulare	species
taxon rank	Helianthus agrestis is a species of sunflower known by the common name Southeastern sunflower.	Helianthus agrestis	species
taxon rank	Acer platanoides (Norway maple) is a species of maple native to eastern and central Europe and western Asia, from France east to Russia, north to southern Scandinavia and southeast to northern Iran.	Acer platanoides	species
taxon rank	Duttaphrynus atukoralei (common names: Yala toad, Atukorale's dwarf toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Duttaphrynus atukoralei	species
taxon rank	The Marasmiaceae are a family of basidiomycete fungi which have white spores.	Marasmiaceae	family
taxon rank	†Partula atilis was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula atilis	species
taxon rank	Jobaria was a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived in the current-day Niger during the middle Jurassic Period, between 164--161 million years ago.	Jobaria	genus
taxon rank	The Nepeidae are a family of trilobites, that lived during the late Middle Cambrian - earliest Upper Cambrian in what are today Australia, Antarctica, China and New Zealand.	Nepeidae	family
taxon rank	Orobanche pinorum is a species of broomrape known by the common name conifer broomrape.	Orobanche pinorum	species
taxon rank	Pseudomys is a genus of rodent that contains a wide variety of mice native to Australia and New Guinea.	Pseudomys	genus
taxon rank	Rhynchospora megaplumosa, the Manatee beaksedge, is a plant species endemic to a small region in central Florida.	Rhynchospora megaplumosa	species
taxon rank	Myrrhinitis sporeuta is a moth in the Elachistidae family, and the only species in the genus Myrrhinitis.	Myrrhinitis sporeuta	species
taxon rank	Stanulus talboti, Talbot's blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific Ocean.	Stanulus talboti	species
taxon rank	Niuksenitia is an extinct genus of biarmosuchian therapsid from the Late Permian of Russia.	Niuksenitia	genus
taxon rank	Physopyxis cristata is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Rio Negro basin.	Physopyxis cristata	species
taxon rank	Zanclodon is an extinct genus of archosaurian reptile endemic to what would have been Europe during the Middle Triassic-Late Triassic epochs (245--199.6 mya).	Zanclodon	genus
taxon rank	Spintherobolus is a genus of characins endemic to Brazil, with four currently recognized species:	Spintherobolus	genus
taxon rank	The Scombridae family of the mackerels, tunas, and bonitos includes many of the most important and familiar food fishes.	Scombridae	family
taxon rank	Pinanga crassipes is a species of palm tree in the Arecaceae family.	Pinanga crassipes	species
taxon rank	Cosmoclopius nigroannulatus is a species of assassin bug family (Reduviidae), in the subfamily Harpactorinae.	Cosmoclopius nigroannulatus	species
taxon rank	Ctenogobius is a genus of gobies with a wide distribution in fresh, brackish and marine waters.	Ctenogobius	genus
taxon rank	Huedepohlia pisciformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Huedepohlia.	Huedepohlia pisciformis	species
taxon rank	Quercus castanea is a Mexican species of oak tree in the family beech family.	Quercus castanea	species
taxon rank	Hypselodoris imperialis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Hypselodoris imperialis	species
taxon rank	Enchelyurus petersi is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean, in the Red Sea.	Enchelyurus petersi	species
taxon rank	Amanita austroviridis, commonly known as the Australian verdigris lepidella, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae native to Australia.	Amanita austroviridis	species
taxon rank	Apateona hispanicum is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Apateona genus.	Apateona hispanicum	species
taxon rank	Capoeta baliki, ``the fourbarbel scraper'', is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Turkey.	Capoeta baliki	species
taxon rank	Zyras collaris is a species of aleocharinae rove beetle in the genus Zyras.	Zyras collaris	species
taxon rank	Psorothamnus schottii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Schott's dalea.	Psorothamnus schottii	species
taxon rank	Ostrya chisosensis, common name ``Big Bend hop-hornbeam'' or ``Chisos hop-hornbeam,'' is a plant species endemic to Texas.	Ostrya chisosensis	species
taxon rank	Calomera aulica is a species of tiger beetle in the genus Calomera.	Calomera aulica	species
taxon rank	Perideridia bolanderi is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Bolander's yampah.	Perideridia bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Asaccus is a genus of geckos commonly known as Southwest Asian leaf-toed geckos.	Asaccus	genus
taxon rank	Onchidiidae are a family of small, air-breathing sea (and land) slugs.	Onchidiidae	family
taxon rank	Senticaudata was split off from the traditional suborder Gammaridea by Lowry & Myers in 2013, as a part of a process of reorganising the higher taxonomy of amphipods.	Senticaudata	suborder
taxon rank	Duriatitan is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived in the Late Jurassic in what is now the United Kingdom.	Duriatitan	genus
taxon rank	Pyramidellidae, common name the pyram family, or pyramid shells, is a voluminous taxonomic family of mostly small and minute ectoparasitic sea snails, marine heterobranch gastropod molluscs.	Pyramidellidae	family
taxon rank	Ctenopoma is a genus of climbing gouramies native to Africa.	Ctenopoma	genus
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis pantherina is a species of praying mantis native to Iraq.	Amorphoscelis pantherina	species
taxon rank	Thyreus surniculus, is a species of bees belonging to the family Apidae subfamily Apinae.	Thyreus surniculus	species
taxon rank	Neogobius is a genus of goby native to Black Sea and the Caspian Sea basins.	Neogobius	genus
taxon rank	Lasiopetalum floribundum, commonly known as the free flowering lasiopetalum, is a species of shrub which is endemic to Western Australia.	Lasiopetalum floribundum	species
taxon rank	Nahangbagrus songamensis is a species of torrent catfish endemic to Vietnam.	Nahangbagrus songamensis	species
taxon rank	Salarias patzneri, Patzner's blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean.	Salarias patzneri	species
taxon rank	Brymela is a genus of moss in family Pilotrichaceae.	Brymela	genus
taxon rank	Amaranthus cruentus is a flowering plant species that yields the nutritious staple amaranth grain.	Amaranthus cruentus	species
taxon rank	Ceratites (``Horn Stone'') is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod.	Ceratites	genus
taxon rank	The Nadkarnii caecilian, Gegeneophis nadkarnii, is a species of caecilian found in India.	Gegeneophis nadkarnii	species
taxon rank	Allium aciphyllum, cammon name 针叶韭 zhen ye jiu, is a plant species native to Sichuan Province in China.	Allium aciphyllum	species
taxon rank	Orcula fuchsi is a species of land snail in the family Orculidae.	Orcula fuchsi	species
taxon rank	Australopithecus deyiremeda is a proposed species of early hominin among those who lived about 3.3--3.5 million years ago in northern Ethiopia, around the same time and place as several discovered specimens of Australopithecus afarensis, including the well-known ``Lucy'', a juvenile specimen.	Australopithecus deyiremeda	species
taxon rank	Ecklonia maxima, sea bamboo, is a species of kelp native to the southern oceans.	Ecklonia maxima	species
taxon rank	Idaeovirus is a genus of positive-sense ssRNA viruses that contains one species:	Idaeovirus	genus
taxon rank	Cercopis sanguinolenta is a species of froghopper in the family Cercopidae.	Cercopis sanguinolenta	species
taxon rank	Enneacanthus gloriosus is a species of fish in the Centrarchidae, the sunfishes, known by the common name blue-spotted sunfish.	Enneacanthus gloriosus	species
taxon rank	Amphibola crenata (titiko in the Māori language or mud-flat snail in English) is a species of air breathing snail with an operculum, a pulmonate gastropod mollusc which lives in a habitat that is intermediate between the land and the sea, not entirely terrestrial and not entirely marine.	Amphibola crenata	species
taxon rank	The Transcaucasian mole vole (Ellobius lutescens) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Transcaucasian mole vole	species
taxon rank	The Zerotulidae comprise a taxonomic family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Zerotulidae	family
taxon rank	Dysidea arenaria is a species of marine sponge (poriferan) found in the Pacific Ocean.	Dysidea arenaria	species
taxon rank	Paratheresina papuana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paratheresina.	Paratheresina papuana	species
taxon rank	Miridius quadrivirgatus, is a species of bug from the Miridae family which can be found in Suffolk and Pembrokeshire provinces of the United Kingdom.	Miridius quadrivirgatus	species
taxon rank	Burnupia stenochorias is a species of small freshwater snail or limpet, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Burnupia stenochorias	species
taxon rank	Canavalia rosea is a species of flowering plant of the genus Canavalia in the pea family, Fabaceae, that has a pantropical distribution.	Canavalia rosea	species
taxon rank	Abananote is a genus of butterflies from north-western South America of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae.	Abananote	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus hainanensis is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Callionymus hainanensis	species
taxon rank	Penstemon hartwegii, Hartweg's beardtongue, is a species of flowering perennial herb in the plantain family.	Penstemon hartwegii	species
taxon rank	Hymenodora is a genus of shrimp, containing four species, which collectively have a southern circumpolar distribution.	Hymenodora	genus
taxon rank	Givarbela steinbachi is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Givarbela.	Givarbela steinbachi	species
taxon rank	Spermacoce or false buttonweed is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Spermacoce	genus
taxon rank	Aerides quinquevulnera is a species of orchid found in the Philippines and in New Guinea.	Aerides quinquevulnera	species
taxon rank	Megarhyssa nortoni (common name western giant ichneumon) is a species of large ichneumon wasp.	Megarhyssa nortoni	species
taxon rank	Canarium fusiforme is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Canarium fusiforme	species
taxon rank	Hadogenes bicolor is a species of scorpion endemic to South Africa.	Hadogenes bicolor	species
taxon rank	Lomatium piperi is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Indian biscuitroot (and called mámɨn in the local Sahaptin language).	Lomatium piperi	species
taxon rank	Notopala hanleyi is a species of large freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.	Notopala hanleyi	species
taxon rank	Galium mahadivense, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium mahadivense	species
taxon rank	Olyra kempi is a species of longtail catfish native to Bangladesh and India where it is found in Mangaldai in Assam.	Olyra kempi	species
taxon rank	Sinobambusa tootsik, is a species of bamboo.	Sinobambusa tootsik	species
taxon rank	Viola lobata is a species of violet known by the common name pine violet.	Viola lobata	species
taxon rank	Agama lionotus is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family, found in Tanzania, Uganda, Kenya and Ethiopia.	Agama lionotus	species
taxon rank	Icichthys is a genus of medusafishes native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the northern Pacific Ocean.	Icichthys	genus
taxon rank	Cyclorana is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae (tree frogs), whose members are found in most of Australia.	Cyclorana	genus
taxon rank	Leptathamas is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with one described species, which occurs only in New Guinea.	Leptathamas	species
taxon rank	Amantis biroi is a species of praying mantis native to India, the Maluku Islands, Sulawesi, and the Sunda Islands.	Amantis biroi	species
taxon rank	Ichthyosauridae is an extinct family of thunnosaur ichthyosaurs from the latest Triassic and Early Jurassic (Rhaetian to Pliensbachian stages) of Europe, and possibly also from the middle Early Cretaceous (Hauterivian or Barremian stage) of Iraq.	Ichthyosauridae	family
taxon rank	Mallinella fulvipes is a species of spider in the family Zodariidae.	Mallinella fulvipes	species
taxon rank	Lunularia cruciata, the crescent-cup liverwort, is a liverwort of order Marchantiales, and the only species in the genus Lunularia and family Lunulariaceae.	Lunularia	species
taxon rank	Megalaemyia albostriata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Megalaemyia of the family Ulidiidae.	Megalaemyia albostriata	species
taxon rank	The Lance's Brassia (Brassia lanceana) is a species of orchid.	Brassia lanceana	species
taxon rank	Acropora indonesia is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Dr Carden Wallace in 1997.	Acropora indonesia	species
taxon rank	Ramphotyphlops broomi is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Ramphotyphlops broomi	species
taxon rank	Canalisporium is a fungus genus of uncertain placement in the Sordariomycetes.	Canalisporium	genus
taxon rank	Melieria turcomanica is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Melieria of the family Ulidiidae.	Melieria turcomanica	species
taxon rank	Phallotorynus is a genus of poeciliids native to southern Brazil, northern Argentina, and Paraguay.	Phallotorynus	genus
taxon rank	Leptoscyphus azoricus is a species of liverwort in the Geocalycaceae family.	Leptoscyphus azoricus	species
taxon rank	Erythrina abyssinica is a tree species of the genus Erythrina belonging to the plant family of the Fabaceae (or Leguminosae) described by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in 1825.	Erythrina abyssinica	species
taxon rank	Eciton vagans is a species of New World army ant in the genus Eciton.	Eciton vagans	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, with only type species Cearachelys placidoi known.	Cearachelys	species
taxon rank	Oncidium praetextum is a species of orchid endemic to southern and southeastern Brazil.	Oncidium praetextum	species
taxon rank	Cotoneaster cashmiriensis, the Kashmir cotoneaster, is a plant species in the Rosaceae family.	Cotoneaster cashmiriensis	species
taxon rank	Striomecyna bimaculicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Striomecyna.	Striomecyna bimaculicollis	species
taxon rank	Drosera erythrogyne is a scrambling or climbing perennial tuberous species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera erythrogyne	species
taxon rank	Portunus trituberculatus, the gazami crab, Japanese blue crab or horse crab, is the most widely fished species of crab in the world.	Portunus trituberculatus	species
taxon rank	Platycodon grandiflorus (from Greek ``πλατυκώδων'', meaning a broad bell) is a species of herbaceous flowering perennial plant of the family Campanulaceae, and the only member of the genus Platycodon.	Platycodon	species
taxon rank	The Japanese pygmy woodpecker (Picoides kizuki) is a species of woodpecker found in Russia, China, North Korea, South Korea and Japan.	Japanese pygmy woodpecker	species
taxon rank	Astragalus californicus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Klamath Basin milkvetch.	Astragalus californicus	species
taxon rank	Carinonautilus is a genus of extinct, Middle Cretaceous nautilid with a very involute, compressed shell in which the whorl section is higher than wide, umbilicus is small and shallow, or flanks converge on a narrow venter that has a rounded keel.	Carinonautilus	genus
taxon rank	Arrhyton is a genus of New World colubrid snakes, with 8 described species, commonly known as island racers or racerlets.	Arrhyton	genus
taxon rank	Hyperia galba is a species of zooplankton, an amphipod in the family Hyperiidae.	Hyperia galba	species
taxon rank	Andricus quercuscalifornicus (occasionally. A. californicus), or the California Gall Wasp, is a small wasp species that induces oak apple galls on white oaks, primarily the Valley Oak (Quercus lobata) but also other species such as Quercus berberidifolia.	Andricus quercuscalifornicus	species
taxon rank	Segnosaurus ('slow lizard') is a genus of herbivorous theropod dinosaur belonging to the Therizinosauridae from the Cretaceous of Mongolia.	Segnosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Anemone riparia (Thimble weed) is an upright growing herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae.	Anemone riparia	species
taxon rank	Pterolophosoma otiliae is an extinct species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pterolophosoma.	Pterolophosoma otiliae	species
taxon rank	Skenea carmelensis, common name the Carmel skenea, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Skenea carmelensis	species
taxon rank	Conus furvus, common name the dark cone, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus furvus	species
taxon rank	Cycas ferruginea is a plant species native to Vietnam and to the Guangxi region of China.	Cycas ferruginea	species
taxon rank	Katepensaurus is an extinct genus of rebbachisaurid sauropod dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous of south-central Chubut Province of central Patagonia, Argentina.	Katepensaurus	genus
taxon rank	Calochortus lyallii (Lyall's mariposa lily) is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family.	Calochortus lyallii	species
taxon rank	Ecthoea quadricornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ecthoea.	Ecthoea quadricornis	species
taxon rank	Smalleyus is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae, containing the single species Smalleyus tricristatus.	Smalleyus	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum godefroyae is a species of orchid endemic to peninsular Thailand, Vietnam and Malaysia.	Paphiopedilum godefroyae	species
taxon rank	Only a single species, Macrodontopteryx oweni, is known to date.	Macrodontopteryx	species
taxon rank	Guibourtia is a flowering plant genus in the family Fabaceae (legume family).	Guibourtia	genus
taxon rank	Haliplus furcatus is a species of water beetle from Haliplidae family that can be found in Central Europe (except Switzerland) and Northwestern Europe (except for Faroe Islands, Iceland, and Ireland).	Haliplus furcatus	species
taxon rank	The Ruatan Island agouti (Dasyprocta ruatanica), also called the Roatán Island agouti, is a species of agouti in the family Dasyproctidae.	Ruatan Island agouti	species
taxon rank	Echinopsis mamillosa is a species of cactus from Bolivia.	Echinopsis mamillosa	species
taxon rank	Nothobranchius rachovii, or the bluefin notho, is a species of freshwater annual killifish from Mozambique and South Africa.	Nothobranchius rachovii	species
taxon rank	Olinia emarginata, the mountain hard pear or berghardepeer in Afrikaans language, is a tree species in the genus Olinia native to South Africa.	Olinia emarginata	species
taxon rank	Spinodiadelia spinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinodiadelia.	Spinodiadelia spinipennis	species
taxon rank	Scyphanthus is a genus of ornamental plants in the family Loasaceae.	Scyphanthus	genus
taxon rank	Deuterosminthurus bisetosus is a species of springtail discovered recently living on the broom Genista hispanica in the autonomous community of Navarre in Spain.	Deuterosminthurus bisetosus	species
taxon rank	The four-armed frogfish, Tetrabrachium ocellatum, is a species of anglerfish, closely related to the true frogfishes.	Tetrabrachium ocellatum	species
taxon rank	Tachina ursinoidea is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Burma, China, Nepal, Taiwan, Thailand, and Indian provinces like Assam, Uttar Pradesh, and Western Bengal.	Tachina ursinoidea	species
taxon rank	Cassida bergeali is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family, that can be found in Austria, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Poland and Slovakia.	Cassida bergeali	species
taxon rank	Lallemantia canescens is a species of flowering plant in the mint family.	Lallemantia canescens	species
taxon rank	Luzula forsteri, commonly known as southern wood-rush, is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family that is native to Europe, north Africa and western Asia.	Luzula forsteri	species
taxon rank	The Ellesmerocerida is an order of primitive cephalopods belonging to the subclass Nautiloidea with a widespread distribution that lived during the Late Cambrian and Ordovician.	Ellesmerocerida	order
taxon rank	Macroplea appendiculata is a species of leaf beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae which can be found in Northern and Central Europe.	Macroplea appendiculata	species
taxon rank	Pisidium amnicum is a species of very small freshwater clam.	Pisidium amnicum	species
taxon rank	Oxychilus basajauna is a species of land snail in the family Oxychilidae.	Oxychilus basajauna	species
taxon rank	Corumbataia cuestae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in small streams of the Tietê River (upper Paraná River basin).	Corumbataia cuestae	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces chlorus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from hay meadow soil from the Cockle Park Experimental Farm in Northumberland in the United Kingdom.	Streptomyces chlorus	species
taxon rank	Stangeria eriopus is a cycad endemic to southern Africa It is the sole species in the genus Stangeria, most closely related to the Australian genus Bowenia, with which it forms the family Stangeriaceae.	Stangeria	species
taxon rank	Deinandra is a genus of tarweeds in the daisy family.	Deinandra	genus
taxon rank	The genus, distributed in the former USSR, is monotypic, containing the single species Sphinctrinopsis pertusariae.	Sphinctrinopsis	species
taxon rank	Atriplex spinifera is a species of saltbush, known by the common names spiny saltbush and spinescale saltbush.	Atriplex spinifera	species
taxon rank	Peraceras is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to North America during the Miocene, living from 20.6--10.3 mya and existing for approximately 10.3 million years.	Peraceras	genus
taxon rank	Dorippe frascone, the urchin crab or carrier crab, is a small species of crab in the family Dorippidae that was first described scientifically by J.F.W. Herbst, in 1785.	Dorippe frascone	species
taxon rank	Passiflora, known also as the passion flowers or passion vines, is a genus of about 500 species of flowering plants, the namesakes of the family Passifloraceae.	Passiflora	genus
taxon rank	Hatzegopteryx (``Hațeg basin wing'') is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur, known from incomplete remains found in Hunedoara County, Transylvania, Romania.	Hatzegopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Calopteryx syriaca is a species of damselfly in the family Calopterygidae known commonly as the Syrian demoiselle.	Calopteryx syriaca	species
taxon rank	Clytra bodemeyeri is a species of leaf beetles in the subfamily Cryptocephalinae that can be found in Asia Minor and Iraq.	Clytra bodemeyeri	species
taxon rank	Lascoria cristata is a species of litter moth of the Erebidae family.	Lascoria cristata	species
taxon rank	Bergia texana is a species of flowering plant in the waterwort family known by the common name Texas bergia.	Bergia texana	species
taxon rank	Laurencia is a genus of red algae that mostly occurs in the sea near islands.	Laurencia	genus
taxon rank	Bunium is a genus of flowering plants in the Apiaceae, with 45 to 50 species.	Bunium	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia breweri is a species of phacelia known by the common name Brewer's phacelia.	Phacelia breweri	species
taxon rank	Bryobia is a genus of mites in the spider mite family, Tetranychidae.	Bryobia	genus
taxon rank	Vagrans is monotypic genus with the species Vagrant (Vagrans egista) a species of nymphalid butterfly found in forested areas of tropical South Asia and Southeast Asia.	Vagrans egista	species
taxon rank	Gulella ludwigi is a species of very small aerobic land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Gulella ludwigi	species
taxon rank	Marshallia grandiflora, the Monongahela Barbara's buttons, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Marshallia within the sunflower family.	Marshallia grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Hoffmannius is a genus of scorpions in the family Vaejovidae.	Hoffmannius	genus
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus fissicornis is a species of combtooth blenny found in the northeast and southwest Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus fissicornis	species
taxon rank	Ponthieva racemosa, commonly called the hairy shadow witch or racemose ponthieva, is a species of orchid found from the southeastern United States (from Texas to Virginia), Mexico, Central America, the West Indies and northern South America as far south as Bolivia.	Ponthieva racemosa	species
taxon rank	Nothobranchius furzeri, the turquoise killifish, is a species of African ruvuline native to Africa where it is only known from Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	Nothobranchius furzeri	species
taxon rank	Helicia lamingtoniana, also named Lamington's silky oak, is a species of rainforest trees, of north--eastern Queensland, Australia, and constitutes part of the flowering plant family Proteaceae.	Helicia lamingtoniana	species
taxon rank	Synodontis cuangoanus is a species of upside-down catfish native to Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Kwango River drainage.	Synodontis cuangoanus	species
taxon rank	Capillaria hepatica is a parasitic nematode which causes hepatic capillariasis in rodents and numerous other mammal species, including humans.	Capillaria hepatica	species
taxon rank	Delphinium barbeyi is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names subalpine larkspur, tall larkspur, and Barbey's larkspur.	Delphinium barbeyi	species
taxon rank	Babelomurex lischkeanus, otherwise known as the Australian Coral Shell is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Babelomurex lischkeanus	species
taxon rank	Platylophus trifoliatus is a species of trees in the Cunoniaceae family.	Platylophus trifoliatus	species
taxon rank	Arisaema flavum (Konso litota or panshalla) is a species of flowering plant widespread across eastern Africa and southern Asia.	Arisaema flavum	species
taxon rank	Myrothamnus flabellifolius is a plant species in the genus Myrothamnus found in Southern Africa.	Myrothamnus flabellifolius	species
taxon rank	Pseudotephritis inaequalis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pseudotephritis of the family Tephritidae.	Pseudotephritis inaequalis	species
taxon rank	Chirocephalidae is a family of fairy shrimp, characterised by a reduced or vestigial maxilla, more than two setae on the fifth endite, divided pre-epipodites and widely separated seminal vesicles.	Chirocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Ganoderma is a genus of polypore mushrooms that grow on wood, and include about 80 species, many from tropical regions.	Ganoderma	genus
taxon rank	Solidago gigantea is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Solidago gigantea	species
taxon rank	Callianthemum is a genus that consists of 24 species of little rhizomatous herbs from high mountains in Europe, Central Asia and East Asia.	Callianthemum	genus
taxon rank	Aerides maculosa is a species of orchid endemic to India.	Aerides maculosa	species
taxon rank	Geastrum fornicatum, commonly known as the acrobatic earthstar or the arched earthstar, is an inedible species of mushroom in the family Geastraceae.	Geastrum fornicatum	species
taxon rank	Salvia viridis was known as Salvia horminum for many years, as Carl Linnaeus described S. viridis and S. horminum as separate species in 1753.	Salvia viridis	species
taxon rank	Craspedophysa monteithi is a moss bug, the only confirmed, extant species in the genus Craspedophysa.	Craspedophysa monteithi	species
taxon rank	Cirsium ochrocentrum is a species of thistle known by the common name yellowspine thistle.	Cirsium ochrocentrum	species
taxon rank	Alaninema ngata is a species of nematode.	Alaninema ngata	species
taxon rank	Auriculella ambusta is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Auriculella ambusta	species
taxon rank	Aarabia is a genus of extinct vascular plants found in central Morocco in outcrops of Early Devonian age (Emsian, around 408 to 393 million years ago).	Aarabia	genus
taxon rank	Truncatella scalarina is a species of very small land snail that lives next to seawater, a gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae.	Truncatella scalarina	species
taxon rank	The Cayenne slender-legged tree frog (Osteocephalus leprieurii) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.	Cayenne slender-legged tree frog	species
taxon rank	Bifidobacterium longum is a Gram-positive, catalase-negative, rod-shaped bacterium present in the human gastrointestinal tract and one of the 32 species that belong to the genus Bifidobacterium.	Bifidobacterium longum	species
taxon rank	Rutiodon (``Wrinkle tooth'') is an extinct genus of archosaur belonging to the family Phytosauridae.	Rutiodon	genus
taxon rank	Manihot pentaphylla is a crotonoid species in the spurge family.	Manihot pentaphylla	species
taxon rank	Bernardia trelawniensis is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family, Euphorbiaceae.	Bernardia trelawniensis	species
taxon rank	Chlorolestes fasciatus, the mountain malachite or mountain sylph is a species of damselfly in the family Synlestidae.	Chlorolestes fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea imbricata is a species of tree fern endemic to Western New Guinea, where it grows in open forest at an altitude of 3240 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and approximately 2 m tall.	Cyathea imbricata	species
taxon rank	Caustis is a genus of rhizotamous sedges.	Caustis	genus
taxon rank	Dagasuchus is an extinct genus of pseudosuchian archosaur from the Middle Triassic of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, represented by the type species Dagasuchus santacruzensis.	Dagasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Urvillea ulmacea is a plant species in the genus Urvillea found in French Guiana and in the Caatinga region of Brazil.	Urvillea ulmacea	species
taxon rank	Araucaria cunninghamii is a species of Araucaria known as hoop pine.	Araucaria cunninghamii	species
taxon rank	Pseudostellaria sierrae is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Sierra starwort.	Pseudostellaria sierrae	species
taxon rank	Chorus giganteus is a species of sea snail in the family Muricidae.	Chorus giganteus	species
taxon rank	Bolboschoenus maritimus is a species of flowering plant from family Cyperaceae.	Bolboschoenus maritimus	species
taxon rank	Astragalus agnicidus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Humboldt County milkvetch.	Astragalus agnicidus	species
taxon rank	Chelidonura electra is a species of sea slug, a ``headshield slug'', a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aglajidae.	Chelidonura electra	species
taxon rank	Navarretia is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants related to the phloxes and the gilias.	Navarretia	genus
taxon rank	Horkelia cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name wedgeleaf horkelia.	Horkelia cuneata	species
taxon rank	Osakia lineolella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Osakia.	Osakia lineolella	species
taxon rank	Homonotus is a genus of spider hunting wasps with an old world distribution, mainly in Africa.	Homonotus	genus
taxon rank	Priscakoala is an extinct genus of koala from the Early Miocene of Riversleigh, Australia.	Priscakoala	genus
taxon rank	Zygophyllum billardierei, commonly known as Coast Twin-leaf, is a species of plant in the Zygophyllaceae family which is found in temperate regions of Australia.	Zygophyllum billardierei	species
taxon rank	Aethes seriatana, the seriated aethes moth, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes seriatana	species
taxon rank	Aciotis oliveriana is a plant species native to Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador and Perú.	Aciotis oliveriana	species
taxon rank	Cellana strigilis redimiculum is a subspecies of large limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae.	Cellana strigilis redimiculum	subspecies
taxon rank	Duvalia is a plant genus in the tribe Stapeliae, milkweed subfamily Asclepiadoideae, in the family Apocynaceae (dogbane).	Duvalia	genus
taxon rank	Gaza rathbuni, common name Rathbun's gaza, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Gaza rathbuni	species
taxon rank	Megalocoelacanthus is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the Cretaceous period in the Western Interior Seaway.	Megalocoelacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Snakes are elongated, legless, carnivorous reptiles of the suborder Serpentes that can be distinguished from legless lizards by their lack of eyelids and external ears.	Snake	suborder
taxon rank	Schwenckfeldina archoica is an extinct species of dark winged fungus gnat in the family Sciaridae known from a solitary Late Oligocene to Early Miocene fossil found in Mexico.	Schwenckfeldina archoica	species
taxon rank	The order Symphypleona is one of the three main groups of springtails (Collembola), tiny hexapods related to insects.	Symphypleona	order
taxon rank	Phalacroseris is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family containing the single species Phalacroseris bolanderi, which is known by the common name Bolander's mock dandelion.	Phalacroseris	species
taxon rank	Quercus xanthotricha is an Asian species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus xanthotricha	species
taxon rank	Mahajangasuchidae is an extinct family of neosuchian crocodyliforms.	Mahajangasuchidae	family
taxon rank	Marginella nebulosa, common name the cloudy marginella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Marginella nebulosa	species
taxon rank	Leptographium microsporum is a species of fungus in the family Ophiostomataceae.	Leptographium microsporum	species
taxon rank	Neoclinus is a genus of chaenopsid blennies found in the North Pacific ocean along the coasts of California, Baja California, Japan, Korea and Taiwan.	Neoclinus	genus
taxon rank	Phorcus punctulatus, common name the punctate monodont, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Phorcus punctulatus	species
taxon rank	Pariolius armillatus is a species of three-barbeled catfish native to the upper Amazon basin of Brazil and Peru.	Pariolius armillatus	species
taxon rank	Potamonautes lirrangensis, the Malawi blue crab, is a species of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae.	Potamonautes lirrangensis	species
taxon rank	Pomatoschistus montenegrensis is a species of goby endemic to Montenegro where it is known to occur in the Morača River and the Zeta and also in a natural channel in Lake Skadar which connects it with Lake Malo Blato.	Pomatoschistus montenegrensis	species
taxon rank	The Lulworthiaceae are a family of marine fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.	Lulworthiaceae	family
taxon rank	Bursaphelenchus xylophilus, commonly known as pine wood nematode or pine wilt nematode (PWN), is a species of nematode that infects pine trees and causes the disease pine wilt.	Bursaphelenchus xylophilus	species
taxon rank	Bisporella citrina, commonly known as yellow fairy cups or lemon discos, is a species of fungus in the family Helotiaceae.	Bisporella citrina	species
taxon rank	Cratosoma pictum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Cratosoma.	Cratosoma	species
taxon rank	Microbulbifer is a genus of Proteobacteria found in sea water.	Microbulbifer	genus
taxon rank	Triplophysa grahami is a small species of stone loach from China.	Triplophysa grahami	species
taxon rank	Odontopleurida is an order of very spinose trilobites closely related to the trilobites of the order Lichida.	Odontopleurida	order
taxon rank	Lauridromia intermedia is a species of crab in the family Dromiidae and is native to the western Indo-Pacific.	Lauridromia intermedia	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in the monotypic genus Madecorformica.	Madecorformica	genus
taxon rank	Nannothrissa is a genus of very small fish in the herring family, Clupeidae, endemic to the Congo River system in Africa.	Nannothrissa	genus
taxon rank	Intelcystiscus is a genus of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Cystiscidae.	Intelcystiscus	genus
taxon rank	In the taxonomy of microorganisms, the Methanocella are a genus of the Euryarchaeota.	Methanocella	genus	genus
taxon rank	Hypocreopsis is a genus of ascomycete fungi that form stromata on the stems of trees and shrubs.	Hypocreopsis	genus
taxon rank	Acratocnus is an extinct genus of ground sloth found in Cuba, Hispaniola and Puerto Rico.	Acratocnus	genus
taxon rank	Cryptoplax striata, commonly known as the Striate Leathery Chiton is a species of chiton in the cryptoplax genus that lives under rocks and in crevices in the intertidal and subtidal waters of southern Australia.	Cryptoplax striata	species
taxon rank	The Metacapnodiaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Dothideomycetes.	Metacapnodiaceae	family
taxon rank	Allium tardiflorum is a plant species found in Israel.	Allium tardiflorum	species
taxon rank	Xenobrachyops is an extinct genus of labyrinthodont amphibian from the Triassic of Australia.	Xenobrachyops	genus
taxon rank	Papilio ptolychus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found on Guadalcanal and Florida Island.	Papilio ptolychus	species
taxon rank	Funambulus is a genus of rodents in the Sciuridae (squirrel) family.	Funambulus	genus
taxon rank	Prolecithophora is an order consisting of an estimated 300 species of small (typically 0.2 -- 12 mm, one species up to 50 mm), active, aquatic flatworms.	Prolecithophora	order
taxon rank	Batoidea is a superorder of cartilaginous fish commonly known as batoids or rays, but it also includes the skates and sawfishes.	Batoidea	superorder
taxon rank	Jablonskia congesta is a species of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae.	Jablonskia	species
taxon rank	Echeveria agavoides is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family, native to rocky areas of Mexico, notably the states of San Luis Potosí, Hidalgo, Guanajuato and Durango.	Echeveria agavoides	species
taxon rank	Herpetopoma aspersum, common name the speckled trop shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.	Herpetopoma aspersum	species
taxon rank	Accara elegans is the sole species of the monotypic genus Accara in the botanical family Myrtaceae.	Accara	species
taxon rank	Heloecius cordiformis is a species of semiterrestrial crab found in mangrove swamps and mudflats along the east coast of Australia.	Heloecius	species
taxon rank	Neochloris terrestris is a microalga species in the genus Neochloris.	Neochloris terrestris	species
taxon rank	Banksia armata var. armata is a variety of shrub endemic to Western Australia.	Banksia armata var. armata	variety
taxon rank	Rostraria cristata, the Mediterranean hairgrass, is an annual grass species which is native to Eurasia and widely naturalised elsewhere.	Rostraria cristata	species
taxon rank	Makalata is a genus of rodents in the family Echimyidae.	Makalata	genus
taxon rank	Carex chordorrhiza, commonly called creeping sedge or string sedge, is a species of perennial plant in the family Cyperaceae with Holarctic distribution growing in acidic bogs.	Carex chordorrhiza	species
taxon rank	Eburia quadrigeminata, the ivory-marked beetle or ivory-marked borer, is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Eburia quadrigeminata	species
taxon rank	Ludwigia decurrens is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names willow primrose and wingleaf primrose-willow.	Ludwigia decurrens	species
taxon rank	Pylaecephalidae is a family of dicynodont therapsids that includes Diictodon, Robertia, and Prosictodon from the Permian of South Africa.	Pylaecephalidae	family
taxon rank	Polydactylus plebeius, commonly known as the striped threadfin, is a species of marine fish native to the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Polydactylus plebeius	species
taxon rank	Trifolium subterraneum, the subterranean clover (often shortened to sub clover), is a species of clover native to northwestern Europe, from Ireland east to Belgium.	Trifolium subterraneum	species
taxon rank	Cyclopogon elegans is a species of terrestrial orchids in the genus Cyclopogon native to Brazil and Argentina.	Cyclopogon elegans	species
taxon rank	Sturisoma frenatum is a species of armored catfish endemic to Ecuador where it occurs in high-altitude rivers.	Sturisoma frenatum	species
taxon rank	Campyloneurum is a genus of ferns in family Polypodiaceae.	Campyloneurum	genus
taxon rank	Parmenolamia unifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parmenolamia.	Parmenolamia unifasciata	species
taxon rank	Isoberlinia is a genus in the family Fabaceae (legume family) of five species of tree native to the hotter parts of tropical Africa.	Isoberlinia	genus
taxon rank	Renschia is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described as a genus in 1888.	Renschia	genus
taxon rank	Ranunculus nivalis, the snow buttercup, is a species of plant in the family Ranunculaceae.	Ranunculus nivalis	species
taxon rank	Neoodax balteatus, the Little weed whiting, is a species of weed whiting endemic to Australia where it occurs along the Indian Ocean coast from Cockburn Sound to north of the city of Sydney.	Neoodax balteatus	species
taxon rank	Myrmecia rowlandi is a species of bull ant native to Australia.	Myrmecia rowlandi	species
taxon rank	Alopecosa cronebergi is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Hungary, Russia and Ukraine.	Alopecosa cronebergi	species
taxon rank	The Alwis' day gecko (Cnemaspis alwisi) is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Cnemaspis alwisi	species
taxon rank	Prionocerataceae is a superfamily in the goniatitid suborder, Tornoceratatina that was extant during the latter Paleozoic.	Prionocerataceae	superfamily
taxon rank	Phenacolepas is a genus of small sea snails that have a limpet-like or patelliform shell.	Phenacolepas	genus
taxon rank	Conanthera is a genus of small bulbous plants with small panicles of blue, purple or white and purple flowers.	Conanthera	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon clevelandii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Cleveland's beardtongue.	Penstemon clevelandii	species
taxon rank	Fragaria nubicola is a species of strawberry native to the Himalaya.	Fragaria nubicola	species
taxon rank	Cortodera pseudomophlus is a species of beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily, that can be found in Armenia, North Iran and Talysh.	Cortodera pseudomophlus	species
taxon rank	Jeholosaurus is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Period.	Jeholosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Conus philippii, common name Philppi's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus philippii	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops macrurus, or Boulenger's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops macrurus	species
taxon rank	Hexaplex trunculus (also known as Murex trunculus, Phyllonotus trunculus, or the banded dye-murex) is a medium-sized species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex shells or rock snails.	Hexaplex trunculus	species
taxon rank	Arthrobacter (from the Greek, ``jointed small stick'') is a genus of bacteria that is commonly found in soil.	Arthrobacter	genus
taxon rank	Dimorphocalyx glabellus is a species of family Euphorbiaceae.	Dimorphocalyx glabellus	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus velutinus, with the common names Snowbrush ceanothus, Red root, and Tobacco brush, is a species of shrub in the family Rhamnaceae.	Ceanothus velutinus	species
taxon rank	Californiconus californicus, common name the Californian cone, is a species of small, predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails.	Californiconus californicus	species
taxon rank	Parecbasis cyclolepis is a species of characin fish found in Bolivia, Brazil and Peru.	Parecbasis cyclolepis	species
taxon rank	Tabebuia aurea is a species of Tabebuia native to South America in Suriname, Brazil, eastern Bolivia, Peru, Paraguay, and northern Argentina.	Tabebuia aurea	species
taxon rank	Hypericum hypericoides, commonly called St. Andrew's Cross, is a species of flowering plant in the St. John's Wort family.	Hypericum hypericoides	species
taxon rank	Harpella forficella is a species of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae), wherein it belongs to subfamily Oecophorinae.	Harpella forficella	species
taxon rank	Cotinis ibarrai is a species of the Cotinis scarab subgenus Liberocera.	Cotinis ibarrai	species
taxon rank	Demequinaceae is a monotypic Actinomycete family.	Demequinaceae	family
taxon rank	Anisogomphus solitaris is a species of dragonfly in the Gomphidae family.	Anisogomphus solitaris	species
taxon rank	Crepis pulchra is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family with the common name smallflower hawksbeard.	Crepis pulchra	species
taxon rank	Paraloricaria vetula is a species of armored catfish found in the La Plata Basin of Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay.	Paraloricaria vetula	species
taxon rank	Notharctinae is an extinct subfamily of primates that were common in North America during the early and middle Eocene (55-34 million years ago).	Notharctinae	subfamily
taxon rank	It was described by Salter in 1865, and the type species is Burmeisteria herschelii, which was originally described under the genus Homalonotus by Murchison in 1839.	Burmeisteria	genus
taxon rank	Osteopelta praeceps is a species of small, deep water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Osteopeltidae.	Osteopelta praeceps	species
taxon rank	Leptolalax pelodytoides (Thao Asian toad, Karin metacarpal-tubercled toad, and many other common names) is a frog species in the family Megophryidae.	Leptolalax pelodytoides	species
taxon rank	Colognathus is a genus of extinct reptile from Late Triassic rocks of the southwestern United States.	Colognathus	genus
taxon rank	Acacia ausfeldii, commonly known as Ausfeld's wattle or whipstick cinnamon wattle, is a shrub species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Acacia ausfeldii	species
taxon rank	Hydnum umbilicatum, commonly known as the depressed hedgehog, is a species of tooth fungus in the family Hydnaceae.	Hydnum umbilicatum	species
taxon rank	Philodromus pinetorum is a spider species found from Portugal to Turkey.	Philodromus pinetorum	species
taxon rank	Prunus myrtifolia, called the West Indies cherry or myrtle laurel cherry , is a New World species of shrubs in the rose family.	Prunus myrtifolia	species
taxon rank	Enneanectes altivelis, known commonly as the Lofty triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny.	Enneanectes altivelis	species
taxon rank	Torreya californica is species of conifer endemic to California, occurring in the Pacific Coast Ranges and the foothills of the Sierra Nevada.	Torreya californica	species
taxon rank	Solanum pimpinellifolium, commonly known as the currant tomato, is a wild species of tomato native to Ecuador and Peru but naturalized elsewhere, such as the Galápagos Islands.	Solanum pimpinellifolium	species
taxon rank	Galium austriacum, the Austrian bedstraw, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Galium austriacum	species
taxon rank	Nesoryzomys is a genus of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae, endemic to the Galápagos Islands.	Nesoryzomys	genus
taxon rank	Eleotris pellegrini is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Madagascar where it can be found in mangrove swamps.	Eleotris pellegrini	species
taxon rank	Neocomitidae is a family of Lower Cretaceous ammonitids comprising genera with strongly ribbed evolute (all whorls exposed) to smooth, fairly involute (inner whorls mostly hidden) shells.	Neocomitidae	family
taxon rank	Clanculus limbatus, common name the keeled clanculus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus limbatus	species
taxon rank	Prunus salicina should not be confused with the Prunus mume, a related species of plum also grown in China, Japan, and Korea.	Prunus salicina	species
taxon rank	For a long time the South Island piopio was considered conspecific with the North Island piopio that dwelt on New Zealand's North Island, but later they were recognised as two distinct species due to pronounced differences in external appearance and osteology (Olson et al., 1983).	South Island piopio	species
taxon rank	The Western Andes toad, Rhaebo atelopoides, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Colombia, where it is only known from the type locality in the Munchique National Natural Park, on the western slope of the Cordillera Occidental, Cauca.	Western Andes toad	species
taxon rank	Rubidgeinae is an extinct subfamily of gorgonopsid therapsids.	Rubidgeinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Agyneta mossica is a species of sheet weaver found in Europe.	Agyneta mossica	species
taxon rank	Polyrhachis curvispina is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae, found in Sri Lanka.	Polyrhachis curvispina	species
taxon rank	Penicillium ochrosalmoneum is an anamorph, ascosporic species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreoviridin.	Penicillium ochrosalmoneum	species
taxon rank	Ankarapithecus is a genus of extinct ape.	Ankarapithecus	genus
taxon rank	Zalipais bruniense is a species of microscopic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae.	Zalipais bruniense	species
taxon rank	Amblypomacentrus breviceps, known commonly as the Black-banded demoiselle , is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacentridae, the damselfishes and the clownfishes.	Amblypomacentrus breviceps	species
taxon rank	Namibicola barrettae is a species of snout moth in the genus Namibicola.	Namibicola barrettae	species
taxon rank	Chirostenotes (/ˌkaɪəroʊstᵻˈnoʊtiːz/ KY-ro-sti-NOH-teez; named from Greek 'narrow-handed') is a genus of oviraptorosaurian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous (about 76.5 million years ago) of Alberta, Canada.	Chirostenotes	genus
taxon rank	Thalictrum cooleyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Cooley's meadow-rue.	Thalictrum cooleyi	species
taxon rank	Euryale ferox (also known as Makhana in Hindi and Punjabi, fox nut, foxnut, 'thangjing' in Meeteilon i.e. Manipuri, makhana, nikori (in Assamese), Onibas (Onibasu) in Japanese or gorgon nut) is the only extant species in the genus Euryale.	Euryale ferox	species
taxon rank	Hepatocystis is a genus of parasitic protozoa transmitted by midges of the Culicoides genus.	Hepatocystis	genus
taxon rank	Acetothermus is a genus in the phylum Bacteroidetes (Bacteria).	Acetothermus	genus
taxon rank	Elaeocarpus is a genus of tropical and subtropical evergreen trees and shrubs.	Elaeocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Acentrogobius viridipunctatus, or the Spotted green goby, is a species of goby found in brackish and salt water in the lower Chao Phraya River.	Acentrogobius viridipunctatus	species
taxon rank	Americardia media, common name the Atlantic strawberry cockle, is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Americardia media	species
taxon rank	Ceratozamia latifolia is a species of cycad in the Zamiaceae family that is endemic to Querétaro, Hidalgo and San Luis Potosí in Mexico.	Ceratozamia latifolia	species
taxon rank	Thalassiosira pseudonana is a species of marine centric diatom.	Thalassiosira pseudonana	species
taxon rank	Himerometra robustipinna is a species of crinoids belonging to the family Himerometridae.	Himerometra robustipinna	species
taxon rank	Scabiosa stellata is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name starflower pincushions.	Scabiosa stellata	species
taxon rank	Excoecaria oppositifolia, an understory and evergreen tree species, belongs to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Excoecaria oppositifolia	species
taxon rank	Knemodynerus is a genus of potter wasps distributed through the Palearctic, Afrotropical, Indomalayan and Australasian regions.	Knemodynerus	genus
taxon rank	Brachytritus hieroglyphicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Brachytritus.	Brachytritus hieroglyphicus	species
taxon rank	Tordylium maximum is a species of south and south central Europe, probably not native in the northern parts of its range.	Tordylium maximum	species
taxon rank	Linckia columbiae is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae.	Linckia columbiae	species
taxon rank	Onchidella campbelli is a species of small, air-breathing sea slug, a shell-less marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Onchidiidae.	Onchidella campbelli	species
taxon rank	Sargocentron is a genus of squirrelfish found in tropical parts of the Indian, Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, with the greatest species diversity near reefs in the Indo-Pacific.	Sargocentron	genus
taxon rank	Litoporus aerius is a cellar spider species found in Venezuela.	Litoporus aerius	species
taxon rank	Dermatobotrys is a rare plant genus endemic to coastal scarp forests in Madagascar and from southern Zululand to the Transkei in South Africa.	Dermatobotrys	genus
taxon rank	Xylomyidae is a family of flies known commonly as the wood soldier flies.	Xylomyidae	family
taxon rank	The Arabian babbler is one of the 26 species of the genus Turdoides that constitutes together with several other genera the family Leiothrichidae.	Arabian babbler	species
taxon rank	Myscelia is a genus of nymphalid butterflies found in southern North America, Central America, and northern South America.	Myscelia	genus
taxon rank	Patelloida corticata is a species of sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, the lottia limpets.	Patelloida corticata	species
taxon rank	Barbus figuiguensis is a doubtfully distinct ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Barbus figuiguensis	species
taxon rank	Macrotus is a genus of bats in the Neotropical family Phyllostomidae.	Macrotus	genus
taxon rank	Cyclograpsus is a genus of crabs, containing the following species:	Cyclograpsus	genus
taxon rank	Malerisaurus is an extinct genus of prolacertiform archosauromorph known from Andhra Pradesh of India and Texas of the USA.	Malerisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Salix lemmonii is a species of willow known by the common name Lemmon's willow, named after J.G. Lemmon.	Salix lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Tachina apicalis is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China and Germany.	Tachina apicalis	species
taxon rank	Neoeuxesta fumicosta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Neoeuxesta of the family Ulidiidae.	Neoeuxesta fumicosta	species
taxon rank	Austrogomphus atratus (black vicetail) is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Austrogomphus atratus	species
taxon rank	Amolops panhai is a species of true frog that can be found in western and peninsular Thailand and in eastern Myanmar.	Amolops panhai	species
taxon rank	Dillenia indica (elephant apple, chulta/chalta or ouu) is a species of Dillenia native to southeastern Asia, from India, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka east to southwestern China (Yunnan) and Vietnam, and south through Thailand to Malaysia and Indonesia.	Dillenia indica	species
taxon rank	Acanthus hirsutus is a plant species in the genus Acanthus.	Acanthus hirsutus	species
taxon rank	Anisolabella braueri is a species of earwig in the genus Anisolabella, the family Anisolabididae, the suborder Forficulina, and the order Dermaptera.	Anisolabella braueri	species
taxon rank	Amblyeleotris yanoi is a marine benthic species of goby native to reef environments of the western Pacific Ocean.	Amblyeleotris yanoi	species
taxon rank	Scaphiopus holbrookii, commonly known as the eastern spadefoot, is a species of American spadefoot toad (family Scaphiopodidae) endemic to the United States.	Scaphiopus holbrookii	species
taxon rank	Dicya is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropical ecozone.	Dicya	genus
taxon rank	Ostracion rhinorhynchos is a species of boxfish commonly known as the horn-nosed boxfish or trunkfish.	Ostracion rhinorhynchos	species
taxon rank	Harpaphe is a genus of flat-backed millipedes native to the Pacific Northwest of North America.	Harpaphe	genus
taxon rank	Hemerocallis fulva, the orange day-lily, tawny daylily, tiger daylily, fulvous daylily or ditch lily (also railroad daylily, roadside daylily, outhouse lily, tiger lily, and wash-house lily), is a species of daylily native to Asia.	Hemerocallis fulva	species
taxon rank	Cirsium wrightii, Wright's marsh thistle, is an endangered species of North American plants in the sunflower family.	Cirsium wrightii	species
taxon rank	Pisaurina mira is a species of spider in the family Pisauridae, the members of which are commonly called ``nursery web spiders.''	Pisaurina mira	species
taxon rank	Labicymbium montanum is a species of sheet weaver found in Venezuela.	Labicymbium montanum	species
taxon rank	Hypericum gentianoides is a species of St. John's wort native to eastern North America.	Hypericum gentianoides	species
taxon rank	Mordellistena aegea is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, which is in the Mordellistena genus that is endemic to Dodecanese islands.	Mordellistena aegea	species
taxon rank	Taxus × media, more commonly known as the Anglojap yew or simply Taxus media, is a conifer (more specifically, a yew) created by the hybridization of yew species Taxus baccata and Taxus cuspidata.	Taxus × media	species
taxon rank	Lobatus galeatus, commonly known as the Eastern Pacific giant conch, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs and their allies.	Lobatus galeatus	species
taxon rank	Denticetopsis royeroi is a species of whale catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is only known from the holotype collected in a tributary to the upper Rio Negro.	Denticetopsis royeroi	species
taxon rank	Leiodidae is a family of beetles with around 3800 described species found worldwide.	Leiodidae	family
taxon rank	The Bushveld gerbil, Gerbilliscus leucogaster, is a species of gerbil found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.	Bushveld gerbil	species
taxon rank	The African rock pipit (Anthus crenatus), also known as the yellow-tufted pipit, is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.	African rock pipit	species
taxon rank	Drosophila falleni is a species of fly found in northeastern North America.	Drosophila falleni	species
taxon rank	Angelica venenosa is a species of plant known as hairy angelica.	Angelica venenosa	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea purpurea, the common morning-glory, tall morning-glory, or purple morning glory, is a species in the genus Ipomoea, native to Mexico and Central America.	Ipomoea purpurea	species
taxon rank	Teuthowenia maculata is a species of glass squid in the genus Teuthowenia.	Teuthowenia maculata	species
taxon rank	Ariamnes waikula is a species of spider from the Theridiidae family.	Ariamnes waikula	species
taxon rank	Emesaya brevipennis is a New World species of assassin bug in the subfamily Emesinae.	Emesaya brevipennis	species
taxon rank	Morotopithecus bishopi is a species of fossil ape discovered in Moroto, Uganda.	Morotopithecus	species
taxon rank	Tanystrosuchus is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the late Triassic period (middle Norian stage, around 208 million years ago).	Tanystrosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Conus lienardi or Lienard's cone is a species of sophisticated predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus lienardi	species
taxon rank	Osmunda regalis, or royal fern, is a species of deciduous fern, native to Europe, Africa and Asia, growing in woodland bogs and on the banks of streams.	Osmunda regalis	species
taxon rank	The Pluteaceae are a family of small to medium-sized mushrooms which have free gill attachment and pink spores.	Pluteaceae	family
taxon rank	Dorstenia fawcettii is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Jamaica and Haiti.	Dorstenia fawcettii	species
taxon rank	Sturisoma lyra is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil and Peru where it is found in the Juruá River basin.	Sturisoma lyra	species
taxon rank	Okenia felis is a species of very small sea slug, specifically a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae.	Okenia felis	species
taxon rank	Ochagavia litoralis is a species of flowering plant in the bromeliad family, Bromeliaceae.	Ochagavia litoralis	species
taxon rank	Nyctemera coleta, commonly known as the White tiger moth, is a species of moth found from India to the Philippines, and from Japan to Papua New Guinea.	Nyctemera coleta	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus amygdalina, or black peppermint, is a species of Eucalyptus which is endemic to Tasmania, Australia.	Eucalyptus amygdalina	species
taxon rank	Cladiella krempfi is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family.	Cladiella krempfi	species
taxon rank	Glomeris is largely European genus of pill millipedes.	Glomeris	genus
taxon rank	Malus domestica 'Bramley's Seedling' (commonly known as the Bramley apple, or simply Bramley, Bramleys or Bramley's) is a cultivar of apple which is usually eaten cooked due to its sourness.	Bramley apple	cultivar
taxon rank	Calochortus concolor, also known by the common name goldenbowl Mariposa lily, is a species of flowering plant in the lily family.	Calochortus concolor	species
taxon rank	Hyperolius benguellensis (common name: Benguella long reed frog, Benguella reed frog, Bocage's sharp-nosed reed frog) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Hyperolius benguellensis	species
taxon rank	Attalia philbyi, common name Yemen mantis is a species of praying mantis native to Yemen and Saudi Arabia.	Attalia philbyi	species
taxon rank	Microhyla borneensis (junior synonym Microhyla nepenthicola), also known as the Matang narrow-mouthed frog, is a species of microhylid frog found in the Matang Range in Sarawak, Borneo.	Microhyla borneensis	species
taxon rank	Stellaria borealis is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name boreal starwort.	Stellaria borealis	species
taxon rank	The genus Pseudobolodon (``false Bolodon'') was named by Hahn G. in 1977 based on two species.	Pseudobolodon	genus
taxon rank	Melanonus is a genus of gadiform fishes containing just two species of cod-like marine fishes.	Melanonus	genus
taxon rank	Cheilophlebium is a fungal genus in the order Agaricales.	Cheilophlebium	genus
taxon rank	Mammillaria mainiae is a species of cactus in the subfamily Cactoideae, with the common name counterclockwise nipple cactus.	Mammillaria mainiae	species
taxon rank	Penthimia nigra is a species of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Deltocephalinae.	Penthimia nigra	species
taxon rank	Isozoanthus sulcatus, is a species of zoanthid in the family Parazoanthidae.	Isozoanthus sulcatus	species
taxon rank	Laetesia nornalupiensis is a species of sheet weaver spider found in Western Australia.	Laetesia nornalupiensis	species
taxon rank	Cyclodium is a plant genus in the fern family Dryopteridaceae.	Cyclodium	genus
taxon rank	Clinostigma savoryanum (pacific beauty palm, arrack tree, noyashi (Japanese ノヤシ)), is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family.	Clinostigma savoryanum	species
taxon rank	Melicerona felina, common name the kitten cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Melicerona felina	species
taxon rank	Vitis acerifolia is a species of grape native to the south-central part of the Great Plains of the United States (Kansas, Oklahoma, northern Texas, eastern Colorado, and northeastern New Mexico).	Vitis acerifolia	species
taxon rank	Sceloporus occidentalis taylori is a subspecies of the western fence lizard, commonly called the Sierra fence lizard.	Sceloporus occidentalis taylori	subspecies
taxon rank	Pristimantis chiastonotus (French name: ``eleutherodactyle porte-x'') is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis chiastonotus	species
taxon rank	Pardalinops testudinaria, common name : the tortoise dove shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Pardalinops testudinaria	species
taxon rank	Heuchera hirsutissima is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name shaggy-haired alumroot.	Heuchera hirsutissima	species
taxon rank	The Red Grasshawk, also known as Common Parasol, and Grasshawk dragonfly, (Neurothemis fluctuans) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Neurothemis fluctuans	species
taxon rank	Sphodros is a genus of mygalomorph spiders that occurs in the USA and Mexico.	Sphodros	genus
taxon rank	Cryptocentrus leptocephalus, the Pink-speckled shrimpgoby, is a species of goby native to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs on silty substrates in coastal reefs, lagoons, mangrove swamps and tide pools.	Pink-speckled shrimpgoby	species
taxon rank	Triportheus is a genus of characiform fishes from South America, including Trinidad.	Triportheus	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Micronyctemera fojaensis, which is found in Papua.	Micronyctemera	species
taxon rank	Coralliozetus rosenblatti, the Spikefin blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Coralliozetus rosenblatti	species
taxon rank	Musa nagensium is a species of the genus Musa, found in North-east India.	Musa nagensium	species
taxon rank	Tholymis tillarga, the coral-tailed cloudwing, is a species of dragonfly found from tropical West Africa to the Pacific Islands.	Tholymis tillarga	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa paraplumalis is a species of wolf spider only known from the northern Altai Mountains, Russia.	Acantholycosa paraplumalis	species
taxon rank	North American river otters, like most predators, prey upon the most readily accessible species.	North American river otter	species
taxon rank	Tremella encephala is a species of fungus producing pink, brain-like, gelatinous basidiocarps (fruit bodies).	Tremella encephala	species
taxon rank	Salacca is a genus of about 20 species of palms native to Southeast Asia and the eastern Himalayas.	Salacca	genus
taxon rank	Parakannemeyeria is an extinct genus of dicynodont.	Parakannemeyeria	genus
taxon rank	Yukoniidae is a family of trilobites, belonging to the Eodiscina, small trilobites with headshield and tailshield of equal size and shape, and with two or three thorax segments.	Yukoniidae	family
taxon rank	Micrechites is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1857.	Micrechites	genus
taxon rank	Papilio appalachiensis, the Appalachian tiger swallowtail, is a species of swallowtail butterfly found in the eastern United States, particularly in the Appalachian Mountains.	Papilio appalachiensis	species
taxon rank	Ceratophyllum demersum, commonly known as hornwort, rigid hornwort, coontail, or coon's tail, is a species of Ceratophyllum.	Ceratophyllum demersum	species
taxon rank	Cotoneaster scandinavicus (Scandinavian Cotoneaster) is a species of Cotoneaster native to Scandinavia, in Norway, Sweden and Finland south of the Arctic Circle, the Danish island of Bornholm, and also the Baltic States of Estonia and Latvia.	Cotoneaster scandinavicus	species
taxon rank	Caenopedina pulchella is a species of sea urchins of the Family Pedinidae.	Caenopedina pulchella	species
taxon rank	Platygillellus bussingi, Bussing's stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the Pacific coast of Costa Rica and Panama where it can be found on sandy bottoms at depths of from 1 to 15 metres (3.3 to 49.2 ft).	Platygillellus bussingi	species
taxon rank	Sceloporus magister, also known as the desert spiny lizard, is a lizard species of the family Phrynosomatidae, native to the Chihuahuan Desert and Sonoran Desert of North America	Sceloporus magister	species
taxon rank	Spermophorides baunei is a cellar spider species found in Sardinia.	Spermophorides baunei	species
taxon rank	Allium calamarophilon is a species of plant in the genus Allium.	Allium calamarophilon	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis rubripinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria.	Haplochromis rubripinnis	species
taxon rank	Cipocereus is a genus of cacti from Brazil.	Cipocereus	genus
taxon rank	Cunninghamites elegans is an extinct conifer species in the family Cupressaceae.	Cunninghamites elegans	species
taxon rank	The Anomoeotidae are a family of moths in the Lepidoptera order of about 40 species, with Afrotropical and Oriental distribution.	Anomoeotidae	family
taxon rank	Drosera pallida, the pale rainbow, is a climbing or scrambling perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera pallida	species
taxon rank	Molgula citrina is a species of solitary tunicate in the family Molgulidae.	Molgula citrina	species
taxon rank	Leptobrachium hasseltii (Hasselt's toad, Java spadefoot toad, Hasselt's litter frog, Tschudi's frog) is a species of toad found in Southeast Asia.	Leptobrachium hasseltii	species
taxon rank	Megacephala lucifera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Erichson in 1847, and can be found only in Bolivia and Peru.	Megacephala lucifera	species
taxon rank	Other species affected by this rust include Convallaria majalis, Dactylorhiza fuchsii, Dactylorhiza incarnata, Dactylorhiza majalis, Gymnadenia conopsea, Neottia ovata, Paris quadrifolia and Phalaris arundinacea A specialised form, Puccinia sessilis f.sp.	Puccinia sessilis	species
taxon rank	Phanerochersa amphignosta is a moth in the Copromorphidae family, and the only species in the genus Phanerochersa.	Phanerochersa amphignosta	species
taxon rank	Tachina fera is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae.	Tachina fera	species
taxon rank	Drakaea elastica, commonly known as glossy-leaved hammer orchid or praying virgin is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea elastica	species
taxon rank	Pseudophoxinus egridiri, or the yag baligi, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Pseudophoxinus egridiri	species
taxon rank	Pyrgomantis ornatipes is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia.	Pyrgomantis ornatipes	species
taxon rank	Kirkia is a genus of plant in family Kirkiaceae.	Kirkia	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces canus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in the USA.	Streptomyces canus	species
taxon rank	Megacephala cuprascens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997, and can be found in Australia.	Megacephala cuprascens	species
taxon rank	Acer browni is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves and samaras.	Acer browni	species
taxon rank	Silene parishii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Parish's catchfly.	Silene parishii	species
taxon rank	Pseudogastromyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches from fast-flowing streams and rivers in China and Vietnam.	Pseudogastromyzon	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea ferruginea is a species of tree fern endemic to the Philippines.	Cyathea ferruginea	species
taxon rank	Handleyomys fuscatus, also known as the dusky-footed Handley's mouse or dusky-footed montane mouse, is a species of rodent in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae.	Handleyomys fuscatus	species
taxon rank	Emblemaria nivipes, the Whiteback signal blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Costa Rica and Colombia, in the eastern central Pacific Ocean.	Emblemaria nivipes	species
taxon rank	Scirpus flaccidifolius, the reclining bulrush, is an uncommon plant species endemic to a small region in Virginia and North Carolina.	Scirpus flaccidifolius	species
taxon rank	Plectropygus mucoreus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Plectropygus.	Plectropygus mucoreus	species
taxon rank	Pilea napoana is a species of plant in the Urticaceae family.	Pilea napoana	species
taxon rank	Threskiornis is a genus of ibises, wading birds of the family Threskiornithidae.	Threskiornis	genus
taxon rank	Aristida divaricata is a species of grass known by the common name poverty threeawn.	Aristida divaricata	species
taxon rank	Opsodoras is a genus of thorny catfishes native to the Amazon basin of South America.	Opsodoras	genus
taxon rank	Stegommata hesperias is a species of moths in the genus Stegommata.	Stegommata hesperias	species
taxon rank	Orostachys is a genus of Crassulaceae that contains 14 accepted species.	Orostachys	genus
taxon rank	Spirobolellus praslinus is an extinct species of millipede in the family Spirobolidae.	Spirobolellus praslinus	species
taxon rank	Dendrocalamus giganteus, also known as dragon bamboo or one of several species called giant bamboo, is a giant tropical and subtropical, dense-clumping species native to Southeast Asia.	Dendrocalamus giganteus	species
taxon rank	Octogomphus is a genus of club-tailed dragonflies found in North America, commonly called grappletail.	Octogomphus	genus
taxon rank	Prejanopterus is an extinct genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous (lower Aptian age) layers of the Leza Formation of La Rioja, Spain.	Prejanopterus	genus
taxon rank	Solanum cajanumense (also known as casana) is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family.	Solanum cajanumense	species
taxon rank	Keckiella ternata is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name scarlet keckiella.	Keckiella ternata	species
taxon rank	Tachina turanica is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Russia.	Tachina turanica	species
taxon rank	Raffray's bandicoot (Peroryctes raffrayana) is a species of marsupial in the family Peroryctidae.	Raffray's bandicoot	species
taxon rank	Helianthus argophyllus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name Silverleaf sunflower.	Helianthus argophyllus	species
taxon rank	Echinoecus is a genus of crabs that live in association with sea urchins.	Echinoecus	genus
taxon rank	Platystictidae is a family of damselflies, commonly known as shadowdamsels.	Platystictidae	family
taxon rank	†Nancibella quintalia was a species of air-breathing land snail or semislug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusksin the family Helicarionidae.	Nancibella quintalia	species
taxon rank	Tetrarpages lansbergei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tetrarpages.	Tetrarpages lansbergei	species
taxon rank	Namurotypus is an extinct genus of griffenfly.	Namurotypus	genus
taxon rank	Polycladus is a genus of land planarians from South America, currently comprising a single species, Polycladus gayi.	Polycladus	genus
taxon rank	Boerhavia diffusa is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family which is commonly known as punarnava (meaning that which rejuvenates or renews the body in Ayurveda), red spiderling, spreading hogweed, or tarvine.	Boerhavia diffusa	species
taxon rank	Astragalus pseudiodanthus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Tonopah milkvetch.	Astragalus pseudiodanthus	species
taxon rank	Mixobrycon ribeiroi is a species of characin endemic to Paraguay, where it is found in the Paraguay River basin.	Mixobrycon ribeiroi	species
taxon rank	Discus catskillensis, common name angular disc, is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.	Discus catskillensis	species
taxon rank	Penstemon roezlii is a species of penstemon known by the common name Roezl's penstemon.	Penstemon roezlii	species
taxon rank	Turritella ligar, common name : the Ligar screw shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turritellidae.	Turritella ligar	species
taxon rank	Dircenna is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Doubleday in 1847.	Dircenna	genus
taxon rank	Ribes divaricatum is a species of in the genus Ribes found in the forests, woodlands, and coastal scrub of western North America from British Columbia to California.	Ribes divaricatum	species
taxon rank	Wollea is a genus of filamentous, heterocystous cyanobacterium that forms macroscopic colonies in freshwater habitats.	Wollea	genus
taxon rank	Mastax annulata is a species of beetle in the Carabidae family that can be found in India.	Mastax annulata	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma bairdii, common name the Baird's top shell, is a species of sea snail with an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae, the calliostoma top snails.	Calliostoma bairdii	species
taxon rank	Huperzia australiana is a species of small terrestrial plant, a firmoss or tassel fern, in the Lycopodiaceae (clubmoss) family.	Huperzia australiana	species
taxon rank	Bruciana pediger is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Bruciana.	Bruciana	genus
taxon rank	Streptanthus insignis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names plumed jewelflower and San Benito jewelflower.	Streptanthus insignis	species
taxon rank	Odonteuxina is a subgenus of air-breathing land snails with a clausilium, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.	Odonteuxina	subgenus
taxon rank	Herpetopoma pumilio, common name the diminutive top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.	Herpetopoma pumilio	species
taxon rank	Udea fulvalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae found in Europe.	Udea fulvalis	species
taxon rank	Lampranthus aurantiacus, the trailing ice plant, is a plant species in the genus Lampranthus native to South Africa and naturalized in gardens all around the world.	Lampranthus aurantiacus	species
taxon rank	Metapolybia aztecoides is a species of vespid wasp.	Metapolybia aztecoides	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis adnus is a species of frog endemic to Panama; it is only known from its type locality in Serranía del Sapo, Darién Province.	Pristimantis adnus	species
taxon rank	Kaloplocamus maru is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.	Kaloplocamus maru	species
taxon rank	Vitex keniensis (also called Meru Oak) is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family.	Vitex keniensis	species
taxon rank	Drepanodontus tatyanae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae.	Drepanodontus tatyanae	species
taxon rank	Calofulcinia is a praying mantis genus in the tribe Fulcinini.	Calofulcinia	genus
taxon rank	Meroles is a genus of lizards, commonly known as desert lizards, in the family Lacertidae.	Meroles	genus
taxon rank	Nebria molendai is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Rolwaling valley, Nepal.	Nebria molendai	species
taxon rank	Kutorgina is a genus of Cambrian brachiopod and is one of the earliest of the articulates, known as rhynchonelliforms.	Kutorgina	genus
taxon rank	Gairdner's shrewmouse (Mus pahari) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.	Gairdner's shrewmouse	species
taxon rank	Diplomystes chilensis, the tollo or tollo de agua dulce, is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Chile where it is found in the area of Valparaiso and Santiago.	Diplomystes chilensis	species
taxon rank	Ambigolimax is a genus of air-breathing land slugs in the family Limacidae, the keelback slugs.	Ambigolimax	genus
taxon rank	Stenorrhipis rhizomatica is a species of liverwort in the Cephaloziellaceae family.	Stenorrhipis rhizomatica	species
taxon rank	Polygonum glaucum, common names seabeach knotweed and seaside knotweed, is a North American species of plants in the buckwheat family.	Polygonum glaucum	species
taxon rank	Calomys cerqueirai is a species of rodent in the genus Calomys from southeastern Brazil.	Calomys cerqueirai	species
taxon rank	Scartichthys is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic and Indian ocean.	Scartichthys	genus
taxon rank	Barbatula sawadai is a species of stone loach in the genus Barbatula.	Barbatula sawadai	species
taxon rank	Stenelmis canaliculata is a species of beetle from Elminae subfamily which can be found in France, Greece, Spain, Switzerland, Italy, and Sardinia.	Stenelmis canaliculata	species
taxon rank	Anchusa barrelieri, Barrelier's bugloss or false alkanet, is a species of plant in the Boraginaceae plant family.	Anchusa barrelieri	species
taxon rank	Faujasiopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, endemic to the Island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean.	Faujasiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Luzula divaricata is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common name forked woodrush.	Luzula divaricata	species
taxon rank	Testudomyces is a fungal genus in the family Onygenaceae.	Testudomyces	genus
taxon rank	The Galatheoidea are a superfamily of decapod crustaceans comprising the porcelain crabs and some squat lobsters.	Galatheoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The eastern cherry fruit fly, Rhagoletis cingulata (Loew), is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae.	Rhagoletis cingulata	species
taxon rank	Hexura rothi is a species of spider in the Mecicobothriidae family.	Hexura rothi	species
taxon rank	Conodonts (Greek kōnos, ``cone'', + odont, ``tooth'') are extinct chordates resembling eels, classified in the class Conodonta.	Conodont	class
taxon rank	Hippolytia is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family native to temperate Asia.	Hippolytia	genus
taxon rank	Mauicetus is a genus of extinct baleen whale from the Late Oligocene of New Zealand.	Mauicetus	genus
taxon rank	Hypselodoris kaname is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Hypselodoris kaname	species
taxon rank	Saraca thaipingensis is a tree species native to southeast Asia.	Saraca thaipingensis	species
taxon rank	Lacertus, more commonly known as eared skinks, is a genus of skinks found in Somalia.	Lacertus	genus
taxon rank	Salix monticola is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names mountain willow, cherry willow, serviceberry willow, and park willow.	Salix monticola	species
taxon rank	Megadontomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae, found in Mexico.	Megadontomys	genus
taxon rank	Cycas arnhemica is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas, native to Australia, in the northwest of Northern Territory in Arnhem Land, after which it is named.	Cycas arnhemica	species
taxon rank	Stygobromus pecki is a rare species of crustacean known by the common name Peck's cave amphipod.	Stygobromus pecki	species
taxon rank	The tribe Robinieae is one of the subdivisions of the plant family Fabaceae.	Robinieae	tribe
taxon rank	Cemophora coccinea is a nonvenomous species of colubrid snake commonly known as the scarlet snake.	Cemophora coccinea	species
taxon rank	Emilia's short-tailed opossum (Monodelphis emiliae) is an opossum species from South America.	Emilia's short-tailed opossum	species
taxon rank	Amphicyclotulus guadeloupensis was a species of tropical land snail with a gill and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.	Amphicyclotulus guadeloupensis	species
taxon rank	Phyllichthys is a genus of soles native to the Western Pacific and Eastern Indian oceans.	Phyllichthys	genus
taxon rank	Poa napensis is a rare species of grass known by the common name Napa bluegrass.	Poa napensis	species
taxon rank	Sicyonia ingentis is a species of prawn in the family Sicyoniidae known by the common name ridgeback prawn.	Sicyonia ingentis	species
taxon rank	Cassiavellia is an extinct genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the subclass Pteriomorpha.	Cassiavellia	genus
taxon rank	Lagerstroemia indica (crape myrtle, crepe myrtle) is a species in the genus Lagerstroemia in the family Lythraceae.	Lagerstroemia indica	species
taxon rank	Species within the genus Monodilepas include:	Monodilepas	genus
taxon rank	Chrysochares asiaticus is a species of beetles belonging to the Chrysomelidae family, Eumolpinae, in the Caucasus, southern Russia, and central Asia.	Chrysochares asiaticus	species
taxon rank	Scincella silvicola is a species of skink that lives in the highlands of Mexico from Puebla to Oaxaca.	Scincella silvicola	species
taxon rank	Pontophaedusa is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.	Pontophaedusa	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops pyrites, or Thomas's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops pyrites	species
taxon rank	Veratrum insolitum is a species of false hellebore, a type of plant closely related to the lily.	Veratrum insolitum	species
taxon rank	Scalesia is a genus in the family Asteraceae endemic to the Galapagos Islands.	Scalesia	genus
taxon rank	Acridocera ziczac is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acridocera.	Acridocera ziczac	species
taxon rank	Akodon budini, also known as Budin's akodont or Budin's grass mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Akodon budini	species
taxon rank	Sminthurus is a genus of springtails described by Latreille in 1802.	Sminthurus	genus
taxon rank	Crotalocephalina is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida found in Morocco.	Crotalocephalina	genus
taxon rank	Omalisidae is a family of beetles, in the large suborder Polyphaga.	Omalisidae	family
taxon rank	Phragmipedium besseae (Pronunciation:fraig-mi-PEE-dee-um BESS-ee-ay) is an orchid species of the genus Phragmipedium.	Phragmipedium besseae	species
taxon rank	Chrysiptera caeruleolineata, commonly called the blueline demoiselle, is a species of damselfish from the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Chrysiptera caeruleolineata	species
taxon rank	Prunus mume is an Asian tree species classified in the Armeniaca section of the genus Prunus subgenus Prunus.	Prunus mume	species
taxon rank	Balantiocheilos ambusticauda (the burnt-tailed barb or Siamese bala-shark) is a possibly extinct freshwater fish species from the Cyprinidae family.	Balantiocheilos ambusticauda	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus darlingtoni is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Selle, Haiti; it is expected to occur in the Dominican Republic.	Eleutherodactylus darlingtoni	species
taxon rank	Pterocaulon pycnostachyum, with the common names dense-spike blackroot, fox-tail blackroot or coastal blackroot, is a plant species native to Alabama, Mississippi, North Carolina, Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina.	Pterocaulon pycnostachyum	species
taxon rank	Ptychobranchus occidentalis is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Ptychobranchus occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Lecanora is a genus of lichen commonly called rim lichens.	Lecanora	genus
taxon rank	Lepidiolamprologus kendalli is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika preferring rocky areas.	Lepidiolamprologus kendalli	species
taxon rank	Varicus is a genus of gobies native to the western Atlantic Ocean.	Varicus	genus
taxon rank	Veronica prostrata, the prostrate speedwell, is a species of flowering plant in the family Plantaginaceae, native to Europe.	Veronica prostrata	species
taxon rank	Pterospondylus (meaning ``winged vertebra'') is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the Late Triassic.	Pterospondylus	genus
taxon rank	Shorea siamensis (also called Dark Red Meranti, Light Red Meranti, or Red Lauan) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea siamensis	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Phalacromyrmex fugax, first described from three workers collected in Ibicaré, Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Phalacromyrmex	species
taxon rank	Ceratobasidium cornigerum is a species of fungus in the order Cantharellales.	Ceratobasidium cornigerum	species
taxon rank	Megacephala brasiliensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Kirby in 1818, and can be found in every country of South America except for Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador, Suriname, and Uruguay.	Megacephala brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Due to the widespread distribution of the species, and doubts over its chances of undergoing a population decline caused by man-made pollution (in lieu of its deep-water nature), the IUCN redlist currently lists Ariosoma selenops as Least Concern.	Ariosoma selenops	species
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium rupestre is a spider species found in Eastern Europe.	Cheiracanthium rupestre	species
taxon rank	Sinopanax formosanus is a species of flowering plant of family Araliaceae and the only species of genus Sinopanax.	Sinopanax formosanus	species
taxon rank	Mordellistena zululandiae is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus, which is in the Mordellidae family, in the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Mordellistena zululandiae	species
taxon rank	Proceroblesthis prolata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Proceroblesthis.	Proceroblesthis prolata	species
taxon rank	Aporodoris was considered to be a genus of sea slugs, dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Dorididae.	Aporodoris	genus
taxon rank	Tetracoccus dioicus is a species of flowering shrub native to the chaparral plant community of southern California and Baja California known by the common names red shrubby-spurge and Parry's tetracoccus.	Tetracoccus dioicus	species
taxon rank	Saurolophinae is a subfamily of hadrosaurid dinosaurs.	Saurolophinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Glugea is a genus of microsporidian parasites, predominantly infecting fish.	Glugea	genus
taxon rank	It is monotypic and the only species in the genus is Cynarina lacrymalis.	Cynarina	species
taxon rank	Lunania cubensis is a species of plant in the Flacourtiaceae family.	Lunania cubensis	species
taxon rank	Species There is only one known species, Oaxacania malvaefolia, native to the State of Oaxaca in southern Mexico.	Oaxacania	species
taxon rank	Platyla foliniana is a species of very small land snail in the family Aciculidae.	Platyla foliniana	species
taxon rank	Macropus pearsoni is an extinct Australian vertebrate species belonging to the family Macropodidae, and the same genus Macropus as extant kangaroos.	Macropus pearsoni	species
taxon rank	Herklotsichthys is a genus of herrings in the family Clupeidae found mostly around Southeast Asia and Australia with one species each in the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea and the western Indian Ocean.	Herklotsichthys	genus
taxon rank	Kamettia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1834.	Kamettia	genus
taxon rank	Knipowitschia thessala, the Thessaly goby, is a species of goby endemic to the Pineios River system in Thessaly, Greece.	Knipowitschia thessala	species
taxon rank	Semljicola barbiger is a spider species found in Sweden, Finland, Russia and Kazakhstan.	Semljicola barbiger	species
taxon rank	Flyriella stanfordii is a Mexican species of plants in the sunflower family.	Flyriella stanfordii	species
taxon rank	Prunus angustifolia pronounced (PROO-nus an-gus-tih-FOLE-ee-uh), known commonly as Chickasaw plum, Cherokee plum, Florida sand plum, sandhill plum, or sand plum, is North American species a plum-bearing tree.	Prunus angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Daira speciosa is a species of crab that lived in the Paratethys sea during the Miocene period.	Daira speciosa	species
taxon rank	Euglossa solangeae is a Euglossine bee species found in coastal southeastern Brazil.	Euglossa solangeae	species
taxon rank	The Microstromataceae are a family of fungi in the class Exobasidiomycetes.	Microstromataceae	family
taxon rank	Atopochilus macrocephalus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Angola where it occurs in the Kwango River in the vicinity of Fort Don Carlos.	Atopochilus macrocephalus	species
taxon rank	Salvelinus curilus is a species of char, a type of anadromous fish in the salmon family.	Salvelinus curilus	species
taxon rank	Oxychilus yartanicus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.	Oxychilus yartanicus	species
taxon rank	Acanthaster is a small genus of large and venomous starfish placed in its own family, Acanthasteridae.	Acanthaster	genus
taxon rank	Metanephrops boschmai, known as the Bight lobster, Bight scampi or Boschma's scampi, is a species of lobster endemic to Western Australia.	Metanephrops boschmai	species
taxon rank	Platygobio gracilis is a species of fish in the carp family, Cyprinidae.	Platygobio gracilis	species
taxon rank	Carybdeida is an order of box jellyfish.	Carybdeida	order
taxon rank	Ascandra atlantica is a species of sponge in the genus Ascandra from Cape Verde.	Ascandra atlantica	species
taxon rank	Paradoxurus stenocephalus, or the golden dry-zone palm civet, is a viverrid species point endemic to Sri Lanka where it is known as ශ්‍රී ලංකා රන් කලවැද්දා in Sinhala.	Paradoxurus stenocephalus	species
taxon rank	Vexillum acupictum, common name : the Pinpricked Mitre, is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.	Vexillum acupictum	species
taxon rank	Boswellia dalzielii is a tree species in the genus Boswellia found in Africa.	Boswellia dalzielii	species
taxon rank	Odocoileus is a genus of medium-sized deer (family Cervidae) containing two species native to the Americas.	Odocoileus	genus
taxon rank	Kalanchoe tetraphylla (also known as paddle plant, flapjacks, desert cabbage, white lady, geelplakkie, meelplakkie, or plakkie) is a species of Kalanchoe native to South Africa.	Kalanchoe tetraphylla	species
taxon rank	Rhizophora is a genus of tropical mangrove trees, sometimes collectively called true mangroves.	Rhizophora	genus
taxon rank	Sophora wightii is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to India.	Sophora wightii	species
taxon rank	Quercus chihuahuensis or Chihuahua oak is a species of oak in the beech family.	Quercus chihuahuensis	species
taxon rank	The crevice spiny lizard (Sceloporus poinsettii) is a species of small, phrynosomatid lizard.	Sceloporus poinsettii	species
taxon rank	Halichondrida is an order of marine demosponges.	Halichondrida	order
taxon rank	Cardiapoda placenta, common name the flat cardiapod, is a species of sea snail, a rare pelagic gastropod mollusc in the family Carinariidae.	Cardiapoda placenta	species
taxon rank	Alyxia fosbergii is a plant species known only from Henderson Island, one of the Pitcairn Group of Islands in the Pacific Ocean.	Alyxia fosbergii	species
taxon rank	Tonella tenella is one of two herbaceous plant species in genus Tonella, which has been recently reclassified as a member of Plantaginaceae.	Tonella tenella	species
taxon rank	Aletris aurea , Golden Unicorn Root is a plant species native to the southeastern United States from eastern Texas and southeastern Oklahoma to Maryland.	Aletris aurea	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron ovatum is an elepidote rhododendron species native to China and Taiwan.	Rhododendron ovatum	species
taxon rank	Uberabatitan (meaning ``Uberaba titan'', in reference to where it was found) is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil.	Uberabatitan	genus
taxon rank	Diuris filifolia, commonly known as the Cat's Face Orchid, is a species of orchid.	Diuris filifolia	species
taxon rank	Inachus phalangium, Leach's spider crab, is a species of crab from the north-eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.	Inachus phalangium	species
taxon rank	Xenosauridae is a family of anguimorph lizards whose only living representative is the genus Xenosaurus, which is native to Central America.	Xenosauridae	family
taxon rank	Elymus hoffmannii (also, E. hoffmanni) is a species of grass known by the common name RS wheatgrass.	Elymus hoffmannii	species
taxon rank	Scutellina is a genus of small limpet-like sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Phenacolepadidae.	Scutellina	genus
taxon rank	Bythopsyrna circulata is a species of planthoppers belonging to the family Flatidae.	Bythopsyrna circulata	species
taxon rank	Peckoltia greedoi is a species of armored catfish from the Gurupí River drainage of Brazil.	Peckoltia greedoi	species
taxon rank	Megacephala parinsignis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1981.	Megacephala parinsignis	species
taxon rank	Dalbergia bariensis (Burmese Rosewood) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Dalbergia bariensis	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single described species, Phasmagyps patritus which is possibly the oldest New World vulture known, though its placement in the Cathartidae family has been questioned.	Phasmagyps	species
taxon rank	Fissurella alabastrites Reeve is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Fissurella alabastrites	species
taxon rank	Ancistrus claro is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Cuiabá River basin.	Ancistrus claro	species
taxon rank	Pistius is a genus of crab spiders with nine described species.	Pistius	genus
taxon rank	Only one species has been described, Watongia meieri, from the Chickasha Formation.	Watongia	species
taxon rank	Rumex kerneri is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Kerner's dock.	Rumex kerneri	species
taxon rank	Parischnogaster striatula is a species of social hover wasps found in Southeast Asia.	Parischnogaster striatula	species
taxon rank	Zabrus potanini is a species of ground beetle in the Himalayozabrus subgenus that is endemic to Gansu, China.	Zabrus potanini	species
taxon rank	Calystegia malacophylla is a species of morning glory known by the common name Sierra false bindweed .	Calystegia malacophylla	species
taxon rank	Tupistra is a genus of about 20 species of flowering plants found in south Asia, from southern China to Sumatra and Ambon Island.	Tupistra	genus
taxon rank	Quercus michauxii, the swamp chestnut oak, is a species of oak in the white oak section Quercus section Quercus in the beech family.	Quercus michauxii	species
taxon rank	Nebria pulchrior is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Yunnan province of China.	Nebria pulchrior	species
taxon rank	Tauschia parishii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Parish's umbrellawort.	Tauschia parishii	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum exilifolium is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name dropleaf buckwheat.	Eriogonum exilifolium	species
taxon rank	Ischnolepis is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1909.	Ischnolepis	species
taxon rank	Pompilus cinereus, the Leaden Spider Wasp is the most widespread species of the Pompilus spider wasps and throughout a large proportion of its wide distribution is the only species of Pompilus.	Pompilus cinereus	species
taxon rank	Rubus argutus is a North American species of prickly bramble in the rose family.	Rubus argutus	species
taxon rank	Vermilacinia reptilioderma is classified in the subgenus Vermilacinia in which it is distinguished from related species by features of the cortex and secondary metabolites (lichen substances).	Vermilacinia reptilioderma	species
taxon rank	Xanthophyllum korthalsianum is a rare species, growing naturally in Sumatra and Borneo.	Xanthophyllum korthalsianum	species
taxon rank	Abrotanella is a genus in the family Asteraceae, of 20 species, native to Australia, New Zealand and southern South America.	Abrotanella	genus
taxon rank	Eburia blancaneaui is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico.	Eburia blancaneaui	species
taxon rank	Spathoglottis plicata is a species of terrestrial orchid found from tropical and subtropical Asia to the western Pacific including Hawaiʻi, Tonga and Samoa.	Spathoglottis plicata	species
taxon rank	Doodia aspera was one of the many species first described by the botanist Robert Brown in his 1810 work Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen, and it still bears its original name.	Doodia aspera	species
taxon rank	Polystichum kruckebergii is a species of fern known by the common names Kruckeberg's sword fern and Kruckeberg's hollyfern.	Polystichum kruckebergii	species
taxon rank	The Aeglidae are a family of freshwater crustaceans currently restricted to South America.	Aeglidae	family
taxon rank	Myoxanthus punctatus is a species of orchid occurring from Mexico to Guyana.	Myoxanthus punctatus	species
taxon rank	Xylosybra fasciculosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Xylosybra.	Xylosybra fasciculosa	species
taxon rank	Oxyopes is a genus of lynx spiders found worldwide.	Oxyopes	genus
taxon rank	Pelargonium album is a species of flowering plant of the genus Pelargonium.	Pelargonium album	species
taxon rank	Saintpaulia teitensis is a species of Saintpaulia endemic to 1 square kilometer on Mbololo Hill in the Taita Hills of southern Kenya.	Saintpaulia teitensis	species
taxon rank	Advena campbelli was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae.	Advena campbelli	species
taxon rank	Pareutropius debauwi is a species of fish in the Schilbeidae, the schilbid catfishes.	Pareutropius debauwi	species
taxon rank	Asperula virgata, the rod-shaped woodruff, is a species in the family Rubiaceae.	Asperula virgata	species
taxon rank	Platycheirus ambiguus is a small widespread species of hoverfly found across Eurasia from Ireland to Japan.	Platycheirus ambiguus	species
taxon rank	The Hawaiian flagtails are species of the genus of flagtail fishes found in the Hawaiian Islands.	Hawaiian flagtail	genus
taxon rank	Purpurellus gambiensis, common name : the Gambia Murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Purpurellus gambiensis	species
taxon rank	Leptolinea tardivitalis is a mesophilic, non-spore-forming, non-motile, Gram-negative, filamentous bacteria with type strain YMTK-2T (=JCM 12579T =DSM 16556T), the type species of its genus.	Leptolinea tardivitalis	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos kisambo is a species of cycad in the family Zamiaceae.	Encephalartos kisambo	species
taxon rank	Panulirus guttatus, the spotted spiny lobster or Guinea chick lobster, is a species of spiny lobster that lives on shallow rocky reefs in the tropical West Atlantic and Caribbean Sea.	Panulirus guttatus	species
taxon rank	The Caprimulgiformes is an order of birds that includes a number of birds with global distribution (except Antarctica).	Caprimulgiformes	order
taxon rank	Garcinia hanburyi is a plant species in the genus Garcinia the gamboge trees.	Garcinia hanburyi	species
taxon rank	Christensonella is a genus of orchids native to Mexico, South America and Central America.	Christensonella	genus
taxon rank	Plantago cretica is a species of Plantago, family Plantaginaceae.	Plantago cretica	species
taxon rank	Neoxenicotela mausoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neoxenicotela.	Neoxenicotela mausoni	species
taxon rank	Juxtastenopus spinulatus is a species of stenopodidean shrimp.	Juxtastenopus	species
taxon rank	Phyllomedusa ecuatoriana is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Ecuador.	Phyllomedusa ecuatoriana	species
taxon rank	Tarsoctenus corytus is a Neotropical species of butterfly in the family Hesperiidae (Pyrginae).	Tarsoctenus corytus	species
taxon rank	Microphysula cookei, common name the Vancouver snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Thysanophoridae.	Microphysula cookei	species
taxon rank	Paurodon is an extinct genus of Late Jurassic mammal from the Morrison Formation of the western US.	Paurodon	genus
taxon rank	Glycymeris pectinata, or the comb bittersweet, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae.	Glycymeris pectinata	species
taxon rank	Antricola marginatus is a species of tick in the family Argasidae.	Antricola marginatus	species
taxon rank	Swainsona is a large genus of flowering plants native to Australasia.	Swainsona	genus
taxon rank	Hedyosmum mexicanum is a species of plant in the Chloranthaceae family.	Hedyosmum mexicanum	species
taxon rank	Penicillium menonorum is a monoverticillate, non-vesiculate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from rhizosphere soil in Korea.	Penicillium menonorum	species
taxon rank	Phacelia imbricata is a species of phacelia known by the common name imbricate phacelia.	Phacelia imbricata	species
taxon rank	Moehringia lateriflora (bluntleaf sandwort) is a plant species native to Europe, Asia, the northern United States and most of Canada.	Moehringia lateriflora	species
taxon rank	Eurycephalella is an extinct genus of frog which existed in what is now Brazil during the lower Cretaceous period.	Eurycephalella	genus
taxon rank	Loricariichthys is a genus of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae.	Loricariichthys	genus
taxon rank	Sternarchogiton nattereri is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae.	Sternarchogiton nattereri	species
taxon rank	Muttaburrasaurus was a genus of herbivorous ornithopod dinosaur, which lived in what is now northeastern Australia sometime between 112 and 99.6 million years ago during the early Cretaceous Period.	Muttaburrasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Physarum aeneum is a slime mould species from the order Physarida.	Physarum aeneum	species
taxon rank	The Cryptobranchoidea are a suborder of salamanders found in the eastern United States, China, Taiwan, and Japan.	Cryptobranchoidea	suborder
taxon rank	Clione antarctica is a species of ``sea angel'', a sea slug, a pelagic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clionidae, the ``sea angels''.	Clione antarctica	species
taxon rank	Cryptostylis, commonly known as the tongue orchid, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Cryptostylis	genus
taxon rank	Nicomioides larvatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Nicomioides.	Nicomioides larvatus	species
taxon rank	Lobelia gattingeri is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family commonly called Gattinger's lobelia.	Lobelia gattingeri	species
taxon rank	Anabaena circinalis is a species of Gram-negative, photosynthetic cyanobacteria common to freshwater environments throughout the world.	Anabaena circinalis	species
taxon rank	Lecanoromycetes is the largest class of lichenized fungi.	Lecanoromycetes	class
taxon rank	Lasaeola tristis is a tangle web spider species found from Europe to Central Asia.	Lasaeola tristis	species
taxon rank	Malacothamnus palmeri is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names Palmer's bushmallow and Santa Lucia bushmallow.	Malacothamnus palmeri	species
taxon rank	It is the sole species of Heteromeles, but is closely related to the Asian genus Photinia.	Heteromeles	genus
taxon rank	Dermatias platynogaster is a species of dreamer (type of deep-sea anglerfish) found in the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of 549 to 1,342 metres (1,801 to 4,403 ft) in the waters around the Philippines and in the area of the Magellan Seamounts.	Dermatias platynogaster	species
taxon rank	Hylotelephium spectabile (formerly called Sedum spectabile) is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family Crassulaceae, native to China and Korea.	Hylotelephium spectabile	species
taxon rank	Sponges are animals of the phylum Porifera (/pɒˈrɪfərə/; meaning ``pore bearer'').	Sponge	phylum
taxon rank	Aneilema is a genus of monocotyledonous plants of approximately 60 species.	Aneilema	genus
taxon rank	Rhinotia haemoptera, the red weevil, is a beetle species in the genus Rhinotia found in Australia.	Rhinotia haemoptera	species
taxon rank	The Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), or EMC/2012 (HCoV-EMC/2012), is a novel positive-sense, single-stranded RNA virus of the genus Betacoronavirus.	Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus	genus
taxon rank	Bazzania trilobata, the greater whipwort or threelobed bazzania, is a species of liverwort in the Lepidoziaceae family.	Bazzania trilobata	species
taxon rank	Diplotaxis erucoides, the white rocket or white wallrocket, is a species of annual herb of the family Brassicaceae native to West Mediterranean.	Diplotaxis erucoides	species
taxon rank	Atalaya capensis (also called Cape Wing-nut) is a species of plant in the Sapindaceae family.	Atalaya capensis	species
taxon rank	The only species, Eleiodoxa conferta, is a dioecious, swamp-dwelling plant, commonly called kelubi or asam paya.	Eleiodoxa	species
taxon rank	Pholiotina cyanopus is a species of fungus currently assigned to the genus Pholiotina that contains the psychoactive compound psilocybin.	Pholiotina cyanopus	species
taxon rank	Amara aeneopolita is a species of beetle of the genus Amara in the Carabidae family that is native to Asia.	Amara aeneopolita	species
taxon rank	Turfanosuchus is a genus of archosauriform reptile which lived during the Middle Triassic of northwestern China.	Turfanosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Clemmys is a genus of turtle, consisting of one North American species, the spotted turtle (C. guttata).	Clemmys	genus
taxon rank	Synchiropus lateralis is a species of dragonet native to the South China Sea.	Synchiropus lateralis	species
taxon rank	Traubia is a genus of Chilean plants in the Amaryllis fammily.	Traubia	genus
taxon rank	Agave shawii, with the common names coastal agave or Shaw's agave is a species in the genus Agave.	Agave shawii	species
taxon rank	Roestes is a genus of dogtooth characins from tropical South America, where found in the Amazon Basin and various rivers in the Guianas.	Roestes	genus
taxon rank	Stefania oculosa (common name in Spanish: rana stefania de ojos grandes) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania oculosa	species
taxon rank	Liatris ohlingerae is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Florida blazing star, Florida gayfeather, scrub blazing star, and sandtorch.	Liatris ohlingerae	species
taxon rank	Herina nigrina is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in most of Western Europe.	Herina nigrina	species
taxon rank	The genus Basella is the type genus of the plant family Basellaceae.	Basella	genus
taxon rank	Brachypleura novaezeelandiae, the yellow-dabbled flounder or yellow citharid, is a species of citharid flounder native to the western and central Indo-Pacific.	Brachypleura novaezeelandiae	species
taxon rank	Hippocampus sarmaticus is an extinct species of seahorse, found in 2005 in the coprolitic horizon of the Tunjice hills Lagerstätte in Slovenia, along with the related Hippocampus slovenicus.	Hippocampus sarmaticus	species
taxon rank	Cathetopteron amoena is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cathetopteron.	Cathetopteron amoena	species
taxon rank	Lagophylla glandulosa is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name glandular hareleaf.	Lagophylla glandulosa	species
taxon rank	Sphagesauridae is a Gondwanan family of mesoeucrocodylians that lived during the Late Cretaceous.	Sphagesauridae	family
taxon rank	Cyrtotrachelus elegans is a beetle species belonging to the genus Cyrtotrachelus.	Cyrtotrachelus elegans	species
taxon rank	Wimania is an extinct genus of coelacanth that lived during the Triassic period of Svalbard.	Wimania	genus
taxon rank	Homalopoma luridum, common name Dall's dwarf turban, is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.	Homalopoma luridum	species
taxon rank	Passiflora includes 47 species, one of which is Passiflora mixta which can be found in Southern America.	Passiflora mixta	species
taxon rank	Parahupehsuchus is an extinct genus of hupehsuchian marine reptile from the Early Triassic of China.	Parahupehsuchus	genus
taxon rank	Dendromecon harfordii, known by the common names Channel Islands tree poppy and Harford's tree poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family.	Dendromecon harfordii	species
taxon rank	Allium alibile is a plant species native to Ethiopia, Sudan and Saudi Arabia.	Allium alibile	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces abikoensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces the antibiotic abikoviromycin.	Streptomyces abikoensis	species
taxon rank	Neslia paniculata (commonly called ball mustard) is a plant species in the mustard family (Brassicaceae).	Neslia paniculata	species
taxon rank	Plectrurus canaricus, commonly known as the Karnataka shieldtail, is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India.	Plectrurus canaricus	species
taxon rank	The American red squirrel (Tamiasciurus hudsonicus) is one of three species of tree squirrel currently classified in the genus Tamiasciurus, known as the pine squirrels (the others are the Douglas squirrel, T. douglasii and Mearns's squirrel, T. mearnsi).	American red squirrel	species
taxon rank	Cliona celata, occasionally called the Red Boring Sponge, is a species of demosponge belonging the family Clionaidae.	Cliona celata	species
taxon rank	In New Zealand it is commonly known as the orange-fronted parakeet, a name it shares with a species from Central America, while in the rest of the world it's known as Malherbe's parakeet.	Malherbe's parakeet	species
taxon rank	It is the only species of the Bradypodicola genus.	Bradypodicola	species
taxon rank	Fagonia laevis (California fagonbush) is a species of plant in the Zygophyllaceae, the caltrop family, specifically the fagonbushes.	Fagonia laevis	species
taxon rank	Poyntonophrynus parkeri (common name: Parker's toad, Mangasini toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Poyntonophrynus parkeri	species
taxon rank	Artediellina antilope is a species of sculpin native to the Sea of Okhotsk where it occurs at depths of from 300 to 615 metres (984 to 2,018 ft).	Artediellina antilope	species
taxon rank	Volvox globator is a species of green algae of the genus Volvox.	Volvox globator	species
taxon rank	Costemilophus aurantius is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Costemilophus.	Costemilophus aurantius	species
taxon rank	Lamprologus kungweensis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known from the northwestern part of the lake in Kungwe Bay, Kigoma, Tanzania where it can be found living in shells.	Lamprologus kungweensis	species
taxon rank	Pelegrina galathea, commonly known as the peppered jumper, is a species of jumping spider.	Pelegrina galathea	species
taxon rank	Mycena aetites, commonly known as the drab bonnet, is a species of mushroom in the Mycenaceae family.	Mycena aetites	species
taxon rank	Pleuroploca trapezium, common name : the trapezium horse conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Pleuroploca trapezium	species
taxon rank	Zeltnera venusta is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names California centaury, charming centaury and canchalagua.	Zeltnera venusta	species
taxon rank	Miss Waldron's red colobus (Piliocolobus badius waldronae) is a subspecies of the western red colobus native to West Africa.	Miss Waldron's red colobus	subspecies
taxon rank	Onychodontidae is an extinct family of sarcopterygian fishes which lived in the Early Devonian period.	Onychodontidae	family
taxon rank	Allium tschimganicum is a Central Asian species of onion native to Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan.	Allium tschimganicum	species
taxon rank	Laquintasaura is a genus of Venezuelan dinosaur containing only the single species Laquintasaura venezuelae.	Laquintasaura	genus
taxon rank	Iochroma is a genus of about 34 species of shrubs and small trees found in the forests of South America.	Iochroma	genus
taxon rank	Pulmonaria (lungwort) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Boraginaceae, native to Europe and western Asia, with one species (P. mollissima) east to central Asia.	Pulmonaria	genus
taxon rank	Petrolisthes elongatus, known as the New Zealand half crab, elongated porcelain crab or half crab, is a species of porcelain crab native to New Zealand.	Petrolisthes elongatus	species
taxon rank	Calumma malthe is a species of chameleon found in Madagascar.	Calumma malthe	species
taxon rank	Allium staticiforme is a species of onion native to Greece and western Turkey, including the islands of the Aegean Sea.	Allium staticiforme	species
taxon rank	Pterocerina paradoxa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocerina of the family Tephritidae.	Pterocerina paradoxa	species
taxon rank	The Brisingidae are a family of deep-sea-dwelling sea stars containing these genera and species:	Brisingidae	family
taxon rank	The Spotted Lady's Slipper (Cypripedium guttatum) is a species of orchid.	Cypripedium guttatum	species
taxon rank	Caulophryne is a genus of fanfins.	Caulophryne	genus
taxon rank	Thaumasus gigas is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Thaumasus.	Thaumasus	species
taxon rank	Chiococca alba is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family, Rubiaceae, that is native to Florida and extreme southern tip of Texas in the United States, Bermuda, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, the Galápagos, and tropical South America.	Chiococca alba	species
taxon rank	Neomyrtus is a genus of plants in the family Myrtaceae described in 1941.	Neomyrtus	genus
taxon rank	Epermeniidae or ``fringe-tufted moths'' is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order with about 14 genera.	Epermeniidae	family
taxon rank	Liolaemus tenuis, known as the jewel lizard, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus tenuis	species
taxon rank	Eupomatia barbata, also named Small Bolwarra, is a species of small shrubs, of the Australian continent ancient plant family Eupomatiaceae.	Eupomatia barbata	species
taxon rank	Hazelia is a genus of spicular Cambrian demosponge known from the Burgess Shale, the Marjum formation of Utah, and possibly Chengjiang.	Hazelia	genus
taxon rank	Prosopis abbreviata, commonly known as the Algarrobillo Espinoso, is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Argentina.	Prosopis abbreviata	species
taxon rank	The Stipeae are a tribe of grasses within the subfamily Pooidae, with up to 600 described species.	Stipeae	tribe
taxon rank	Dinartamus is a genus of titanosuchian therapsid.	Dinartamus	genus
taxon rank	Dryococelus australis, commonly known as the Lord Howe Island stick insect or tree lobster, is a species of stick insect which lives on the Lord Howe Island Group.	Dryococelus australis	species
taxon rank	Somanniathelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs found in southeast China, Taiwan, and southeast Asia.	Somanniathelphusa	genus
taxon rank	The Giant snakehead, Channa ara, is a species of snakehead.	Channa ara	species
taxon rank	Shorea laevis is a botanical species belonging to the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea laevis	species
taxon rank	Nemacladus gracilis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common names slender threadplant or slender nemacladus.	Nemacladus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Oreophryne (Cross Frogs) is a genus of microhylid frogs endemic to Southern Philippine, Celebes and the Lesser Sunda Islands, and New Guinea.	Oreophryne	genus
taxon rank	Liosynaphaeta balloui is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Liosynaphaeta.	Liosynaphaeta balloui	species
taxon rank	Corythucha aesculi is a species of lace bug Tingidae native to North America.	Corythucha aesculi	species
taxon rank	Lutraria is a genus of medium-sized marine bivalve mollusks or clams, commonly known as otter shells.	Lutraria	genus
taxon rank	Apodemus avicennicus is a species of rodent found in Iran.	Apodemus avicennicus	species
taxon rank	Psammodesmus is a genus of platyrhacid millipedes found from Panama to Peru.	Psammodesmus	genus
taxon rank	Gomphosus caeruleus, the green birdmouth wrasse, is a species of wrasse belonging to the family Labridae.	Gomphosus caeruleus	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia hirsuta is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Molokai phyllostegia and hairy phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia hirsuta	species
taxon rank	Zelleria maculata is an ermine moth species that is endemic to New Zealand.	Zelleria maculata	species
taxon rank	Dryopteris hirtipes is fern species native to South China and Papua New Guinea.	Dryopteris hirtipes	species
taxon rank	Oligactis is a genus of South American flowering plants in the dandelion subfamily within the sunflower family.	Oligactis	genus
taxon rank	Centaurea pumilio is a rare sand-loving species of the eastern Mediterranean.	Centaurea pumilio	species
taxon rank	Streptopelia is a genus of birds in the dove family.	Streptopelia	genus
taxon rank	Apagesoma is a genus of cusk-eel found in deep oceanic waters.	Apagesoma	genus
taxon rank	Clinteria is a genus of scarab beetle found in Asia.	Clinteria	genus
taxon rank	Pareiodon microps is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae, and the only species of the genus Pareiodon.	Pareiodon microps	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus coriaceus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to Kalimantan, Sumatra and peninsular Malaysia.	Dipterocarpus coriaceus	species
taxon rank	Stenopterus rufus is a beetle species of round-necked longhorns belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Cerambycinae.	Stenopterus rufus	species
taxon rank	Cunampaia is a dubious genus of extinct mesoeucrocodylian.	Cunampaia	genus
taxon rank	The Microthyriales are an order of sac fungi.	Microthyriales	order
taxon rank	Hibbertia serpyllifolia is a species of small perennial shrub, in the family Dilleniaceae, that is endemic to Australia.	Hibbertia serpyllifolia	species
taxon rank	Bootherium is an extinct bovid genus from the middle to late Pleistocene of North America which contains a single species, Bootherium bombifrons.	Bootherium bombifrons	species
taxon rank	Ahnfeltia plicata, the landlady's wig, is a species of red alga in the family Ahnfeltiaceae.	Ahnfeltia plicata	species
taxon rank	Colchicum corsicum is a species of flowering plant, closely related to Colchicum autumnale.	Colchicum corsicum	species
taxon rank	Pholidobolus is a genus of lizards in the Gymnophthalmidae family.	Pholidobolus	genus
taxon rank	Stephanosaurus is a dubious genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur, with a complicated taxonomic history.	Stephanosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Deuterodon is a genus of characins from South America, with these described species:	Deuterodon	genus
taxon rank	Petrochromis fasciolatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer rocky substrates where they can graze.	Petrochromis fasciolatus	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia micromera is a species of euphorb known by the common name Sonoran sandmat.	Euphorbia micromera	species
taxon rank	Hymaea succinifera is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Hymaea.	Hymaea	genus
taxon rank	Protammodytes is a genus of sand lances found in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.	Protammodytes	genus
taxon rank	Carabus sylvestris transsylvanicus is a subspecies of green-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Hungary, Liechtenstein, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia.	Carabus sylvestris transsylvanicus	subspecies
taxon rank	Monstropalpus helleri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Monstropalpus.	Monstropalpus helleri	species
taxon rank	Vitis blancoi is a species of liana in the grape family which bears black berries, and is native to western Mexico.	Vitis blancoi	species
taxon rank	Navarretia intertexta is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name needleleaf pincushionplant.	Navarretia intertexta	species
taxon rank	Chersogenes victimella is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Chersogenes genus.	Chersogenes victimella	species
taxon rank	Pyrgospira plicosa, common name the plicate turrid shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.	Pyrgospira plicosa	species
taxon rank	Malaxis ehrenbergii, the Ehrenberg's adder's-mouth orchid, is a Mesoamerican species of orchid native to northwestern Mexico.	Malaxis ehrenbergii	species
taxon rank	Hongshanopterus is a genus of istiodactylid ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Liaoning, China.	Hongshanopterus	genus
taxon rank	Heptagenioidea is a superfamily of mayflies.	Heptagenioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Ponticola kessleri, the bighead goby or Kessler's goby, is a species of goby native to Eurasia.	Ponticola kessleri	species
taxon rank	Omosomopsis is a genus of prehistoric fish from the Late Cretaceous.	Omosomopsis	genus
taxon rank	Papaver argemone is a species of the genus Papaver.	Papaver argemone	species
taxon rank	Cnaphalocrocis poeyalis, the lesser rice-leafroller, is a species of moth of the Crambidae family.	Cnaphalocrocis poeyalis	species
taxon rank	Prionoxystus is a genus of moths in the Cossidae family.	Prionoxystus	genus
taxon rank	Phelsuma breviceps is a diurnal species of gecko that is native to south-east Madagascar and typically dwells on trees and bushes.	Phelsuma breviceps	species
taxon rank	Thalictrum heliophilum is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Cathedral Bluff meadow-rue and sun-loving meadow-rue.	Thalictrum heliophilum	species
taxon rank	Hypsizygus is a small genus of fungi that are widely distributed in north temperate regions.	Hypsizygus	genus
taxon rank	Plesiotylosaurus is a genus of mosasaur from the Maastrichtian stage of the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Plesiotylosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Meghimatium fruhstorferi is a species of medium to large air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Philomycidae and the superfamily Arionacea, the roundback slugs.	Meghimatium fruhstorferi	species
taxon rank	Hernandia lychnifera is a species of plant in the Hernandiaceae family.	Hernandia lychnifera	species
taxon rank	Mesopsocus helveticus is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Austria, Hungary, and Switzerland.	Mesopsocus helveticus	species
taxon rank	Navajosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatorine crocodylian.	Navajosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Limnonectes fujianensis (Fujian large-headed frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Limnonectes fujianensis	species
taxon rank	The bee genus Anthophora is one of the largest in the family Apidae, with over 450 species worldwide in 14 different subgenera.	Anthophora	genus
taxon rank	Mesosaurus (meaning ``middle lizard'') is an extinct genus of reptile from the Early Permian of southern Africa and South America.	Mesosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Egregia menziesii is a species of kelp known commonly as feather boa kelp.	Egregia menziesii	species
taxon rank	Stomatoporina is a genus of stenolaematan bryozoans.	Stomatoporina	genus
taxon rank	Abronia smithi is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae known by the common name Smith's arboreal alligator lizard.	Abronia smithi	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum cedrorum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name The Cedars buckwheat.	Eriogonum cedrorum	species
taxon rank	Bdeogale is a genus of three species of mongoose native to the rainforests of central and western Africa.	Bdeogale	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron atlanticum (Greek Ροδόδενδρο) (dwarf azalea or coastal azalea), is a species of Rhododendron native to coastal areas of the eastern United States, from New Jersey south to Georgia.	Rhododendron atlanticum	species
taxon rank	The Small-bearded Dendrobium (Dendrobium barbatulum) is a species of orchid endemic to southern India.	Dendrobium barbatulum	species
taxon rank	The Brazilian tuco-tuco (Ctenomys brasiliensis) is a tuco-tuco species from South America.	Brazilian tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Oxynoemacheilus insignis is a species of stone loach endemic to Syria.	Oxynoemacheilus insignis	species
taxon rank	The Louisiade imperial pigeon (Ducula salvadori) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae found in Milne Bay Province in Papua New Guinea.	Louisiade imperial pigeon	species
taxon rank	Gymnocalycium mihanovichii, often called chin cactus, is a species of cactus from South America commonly grown as a houseplant.	Gymnocalycium mihanovichii	species
taxon rank	Chalaropsis is a monotypic genus of fungi within the Ceratocystidaceae family containing the sole species Chalaropsis populi.	Chalaropsis	species
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum caldericola G.F.Walsh is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum it is now known by the names Bulbophyllum lamingtonense D.L.Jones or Oxysepala lamingtonensis (D.L.Jones) D.L.Jones & M.A.Clem.	Bulbophyllum caldericola	species
taxon rank	Dryocosmus kuriphilus is a species of gall wasp known by the common names chestnut gall wasp, Oriental chestnut gall wasp, and Asian chestnut gall wasp.	Dryocosmus kuriphilus	species
taxon rank	Poa cusickii is a species of grass known by the common name Cusick's bluegrass.	Poa cusickii	species
taxon rank	Pristipomoides filamentosus, commonly known as the crimson jobfish, crimson snapper or Hawaiian pink snapper, is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and into the Pacific Ocean as far east as Hawaii and Tahiti.	Pristipomoides filamentosus	species
taxon rank	Pseudochlorisanis similis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudochlorisanis.	Pseudochlorisanis similis	species
taxon rank	The Philippine magpie-robin (Copsychus mindanensis) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Philippine magpie-robin	species
taxon rank	Cyathea albomarginata is a species of tree fern native to Panamá and Costa Rica.	Cyathea albomarginata	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Wenyingia sichuanensis, found in 1997 in the western Sichuan Province in China.	Wenyingia	species
taxon rank	Haplomacrourus nudirostris, the Naked snout rattail is a benthic species of rattail found in the southern oceans where it occurs on the continental slopes at depths of from 690 to 1,590 metres (2,260 to 5,220 ft) This species grows to a length of 57.5 centimetres (22.6 in) TL.	Haplomacrourus	species
taxon rank	Flindersia brayleyana or Queensland maple is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family.	Flindersia brayleyana	species
taxon rank	†Neoplanorbis smithi was a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails.	Neoplanorbis smithi	species
taxon rank	Cacomantis is a genus of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Cacomantis	genus
taxon rank	Cornulaca monacantha is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cornulaca, that is now included in the family Amaranthaceae, (formerly Chenopodiaceae).	Cornulaca monacantha	species
taxon rank	Calvatia craniiformis, commonly known as the brain puffball or the skull-shaped puffball, is a species of puffball fungus in the family Agaricaceae.	Calvatia craniiformis	species
taxon rank	Chalaroderma capito, the looseskin blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the south Atlantic ocean where it is found from Saldanha Bay to East London in South Africa.	Chalaroderma capito	species
taxon rank	The females of Baer's pochard and the ferruginous duck are quite similar, but that holds true for the females of almost all Aythya species.	Baer's pochard	species
taxon rank	Sphaeromeria potentilloides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names cinquefoil false sagebrush and fivefinger chickensage.	Sphaeromeria potentilloides	species
taxon rank	The Tucuman robber frog, Oreobates discoidalis, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Oreobates discoidalis	species
taxon rank	Solanum chacoense is a species of wild potato.	Solanum chacoense	species
taxon rank	Ammannia gracilis is a species of flowering plant in the family Lythraceae.	Ammannia gracilis	species
taxon rank	Lindera obtusiloba is a species of flowering plant in the Lauraceae family, native to China, Korea and Japan.	Lindera obtusiloba	species
taxon rank	Polyergus, also called Amazon ants, is a small genus of 14 described species of ``slave-raiding'' ants.	Polyergus	genus
taxon rank	Lirularia redimita is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Lirularia redimita	species
taxon rank	Banksia grossa, commonly known as the coarse banksia, is a species of shrub in the plant family Proteaceae endemic to Southwest Australia.	Banksia grossa	species
taxon rank	Isospora is a genus of internal parasites classified under Coccidia.	Isospora	genus
taxon rank	Entolasia stricta, commonly known as wiry panic, is a species of right angled grass in the Poaceae family.	Entolasia stricta	species
taxon rank	Anelosimus luckyi is a species of spider found in Papua New Guinea.	Anelosimus luckyi	species
taxon rank	Polyzosteria cuprea is a species of bush cockroach found in south western Australia.	Polyzosteria cuprea	species
taxon rank	Pseudoschoenionta libellula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudoschoenionta.	Pseudoschoenionta libellula	species
taxon rank	Tachina acuminata is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that can be found in Mexico and the United States.	Tachina acuminata	species
taxon rank	Mimocacia ferruginea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimocacia.	Mimocacia ferruginea	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron myrtifolium (also Rhododendron kotschyi) is a species of Rhododendron.	Rhododendron myrtifolium	species
taxon rank	Pterocarpus is a pantropical genus of trees in the family Fabaceae.	Pterocarpus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Carestiella socia.	Carestiella	species
taxon rank	Boulengerula uluguruensis or the Uluguru pink caecilian (or Uluguru African caecilian) is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.	Boulengerula uluguruensis	species
taxon rank	Philornis downsi is a species of fly (Diptera, Muscidae) that was first recorded in Trinidad and Brazil in the 1990s.	Philornis downsi	species
taxon rank	Cirsium undulatum is a species of thistle known by the common names wavyleaf thistle and gray thistle.	Cirsium undulatum	species
taxon rank	Polygonum douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Douglas's knotweed.	Polygonum douglasii	species
taxon rank	The Ranita Selvatica Comun (Pristimantis vilarsi) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis vilarsi	species
taxon rank	Cirsium pumilum, called pasture thistle, is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium pumilum	species
taxon rank	Viola beckwithii, known commonly as the Great Basin violet, Beckwith's violet, and sagebrush pansy, is a species of violet native to the western United States.	Viola beckwithii	species
taxon rank	The Psechridae are a family of spiders with about 50 species in two extant genera, recently revised by Bayer (2011, 2012).	Psechridae	family
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus bourdilloni is a species of large tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to the Western Ghats principally in the state of Kerala in India.	Dipterocarpus bourdilloni	species
taxon rank	Silphidae is a family of beetles that are known commonly as large carrion beetles, carrion beetles or burying beetles.	Silphidae	family
taxon rank	Eriophyllum ambiguum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name beautiful woolly sunflower.	Eriophyllum ambiguum	species
taxon rank	Afroneta bamilekei is a species of sheet weaver found in Cameroon.	Afroneta bamilekei	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus impressus, with the common name Santa Barbara ceanothus is a species of flowering shrub.	Ceanothus impressus	species
taxon rank	The Don tadpole-goby (Benthophilus durrelli) is a species of goby widespread in the basin of the Sea of Azov, specifically in the lower Don River and Tsimlyansk Reservoir.	Don tadpole-goby	species
taxon rank	Archeriidae is a family of embolomeres that lived in the Permian period.	Archeriidae	family
taxon rank	Gongylonema is a genus of thread-like nematode that was described by Molin in 1857.	Gongylonema	genus
taxon rank	The Ecuadorian grass mouse (Neomicroxus latebricola) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Ecuadorian grass mouse	species
taxon rank	Scinax x-signatus (common name: Venezuela snouted treefrog or Venezuelan snouted treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Scinax x-signatus	species
taxon rank	Jarvikia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.	Jarvikia	genus
taxon rank	Porcellio rufobrunneus is a species of woodlouse from the Porcellionidae family.	Porcellio rufobrunneus	species
taxon rank	Triphysaria micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name purplebeak owl's-clover.	Triphysaria micrantha	species
taxon rank	Neraudia angulata is a rare species of flowering plant in the nettle family known by the common name angularfruit ma'oloa.	Neraudia angulata	species
taxon rank	Graptopetalum paraguayense is a species of succulent plant in the jade plant family, Crassulaceae, that is native to Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Graptopetalum paraguayense	species
taxon rank	Pseudarctia nivea is a species of tussock moth in the Erebidae family.	Pseudarctia nivea	species
taxon rank	Epirus minnow or tsima (pelasgus epiroticus), is a species of freshwater minnow in the Cyprinidae family.	Epirus minnow	species
taxon rank	Zodarion pacificum is a spider species found in Croatia and Bosnia.	Zodarion pacificum	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus nivicolimae (Spanish: Rana-chirriadora Del Nevado De Colima) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus nivicolimae	species
taxon rank	Scaphella neptunia, commonly known as the Neptune volute is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Scaphella neptunia	species
taxon rank	Pseudotaranis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pseudomelatomidae, the turrids.	Pseudotaranis	genus
taxon rank	Carpathica calophana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae.	Carpathica calophana	species
taxon rank	Anchoa lyolepis, the shortfinger anchovy, is a species of anchovy native to the western Atlantic Ocean from New York to Brazil.	Anchoa lyolepis	species
taxon rank	Myriophyllum variifolium is a species of water milfoil native to eastern Australia where it grows in aquatic habitat such as ponds and streams.	Myriophyllum variifolium	species
taxon rank	Anatemnus seychellesensis is a species of pseudoscorpion that is endemic to the Seychelles, and is known from a single specimen from Silhouette Island.	Anatemnus seychellesensis	species
taxon rank	Campylobacter lanienae is a species of Campylobacter found in humans and other animals.	Campylobacter lanienae	species
taxon rank	Haptoclinus is a genus of labrisomid blennies native to the western central Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea.	Haptoclinus	genus
taxon rank	Galium andrewsii is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names phloxleaf bedstraw, Andrews' bedstraw, and Needlemat galium.	Galium andrewsii	species
taxon rank	Kentrocapros is a genus of deepwater boxfishes native to coastal waters of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Kentrocapros	genus
taxon rank	Saicella is a genus of assassin bugs endemic to Hawaii.	Saicella	genus
taxon rank	Salix caprea (goat willow, also known as the pussy willow or great sallow) is a common species of willow native to Europe and western and central Asia.	Salix caprea	species
taxon rank	Quercus turbinella is a North American species of oak known by the common names Sonoran scrub oak, shrub live oak, and grey oak.	Quercus turbinella	species
taxon rank	Hackelia cronquistii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Cronquist's stickseed.	Hackelia cronquistii	species
taxon rank	Tamolanica tamolana, common name New Guinea shield mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to New Guinea.	Tamolanica tamolana	species
taxon rank	Phryganistria tamdaoensis is a species of stick insect belonging to the family of giant sticks.	Phryganistria tamdaoensis	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa alexandrae is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa endemic to Sichuan, China.	Triplophysa alexandrae	species
taxon rank	Lerheimia is a genus of chironomid midges containing four described species found in Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lerheimia	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus punctifrons is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Turkey.	Zabrus punctifrons	species
taxon rank	†Partula crassilabris was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula crassilabris	species
taxon rank	Chrysopelea, more commonly known as the flying snake or gliding snake, is a genus that belongs to the family Colubridae.	Chrysopelea	genus
voice type	Ferdinand Frantz (born February 8, 1906, Kassel - May 26, 1959, Munich), was a German operatic bass-baritone.	Ferdinand Frantz	bass
voice type	Carmen Giannattasio (born 24 April 1975 Avellino) is an Italian operatic soprano.	Carmen Giannattasio	soprano
voice type	Betsy Norden (born October 17, 1945) is an American soprano who appeared with the Metropolitan Opera over 500 times.	Betsy Norden	soprano
voice type	Steven Dorian (born November 15, 1977) is an American singer best known as a tenor in the a cappella group Rockapella since January 2010.	Steven Dorian	tenor
voice type	Olga Peretyatko (Russian: Ольга Перетятько; born 21 May 1980 in Leningrad, now Saint Petersburg) is a Russian operatic soprano.	Olga Peretyatko	soprano
voice type	August Kindermann (6 February 1817, Potsdam -- 6 March 1891, Munich) was a German bass-baritone singer and regisseur, particularly noted for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner.	August Kindermann	bass
voice type	Elizabeth Masson (1806 -- 9 January 1865) was an English mezzo-soprano singer and composer.	Elizabeth Masson	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mary Dunleavy (born 1966) is an American soprano who has performed with major opera companies and orchestras around the world.	Mary Dunleavy	soprano
voice type	Gordon Wry (1910-1985) was a Canadian tenor and conductor.	Gordon Wry	tenor
voice type	Maria Fontosh (born 5 June 1976) is a Ukrainian born Russian soprano residing in Sweden.	Maria Fontosh	soprano
voice type	(Maria) Josepha Weber (later Josepha Hofer, Josepha Meier; 1758 -- December 29, 1819) was a German soprano of the classical era.	Josepha Weber	soprano
voice type	Anna Bonitatibus (born in Potenza) is an Italian mezzo-soprano.	Anna Bonitatibus	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mary Rawcliffe is an American soprano.	Mary Rawcliffe	soprano
voice type	Cecilia Gasdia (tʃeˈtʃiːlja ɡaˈzdiːa) (born August 14, 1960, Verona) is an Italian operatic soprano.	Cecilia Gasdia	soprano
voice type	Francesco Demuro (born 6 January 1978), is an Italian operatic tenor.	Francesco Demuro	tenor
voice type	Andreas Scholl (born 10 November 1967) is a German countertenor, a male classical singer in the alto vocal range, specialising in Baroque music.	Andreas Scholl	countertenor
voice type	Gerhard Unger (November 26, 1916 -- July 4, 2011) was a German lyric tenor.	Gerhard Unger	tenor
voice type	Felice Varesi (born Calais, 1813 -- died Milan, 13 March 1889) was a French-born Italian baritone with an illustrious singing career that began in the 1830s and extended into the 1860s.	Felice Varesi	baritone
voice type	Tiffany Claus (born July 14, 1980) is an American actress, model, classically trained mezzo-soprano vocalist, and professional oil painter.	Tiffany Claus	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Elise Stevenson (February 9, 1878 -- November 18, 1967) was a British-born American soprano singer who recorded commercially successful popular songs in the early years of the 20th century.	Elise Stevenson	soprano
voice type	Gregory Reinhart (born 18 June 1951 in Pavilion, New York) is an American bass opera singer.	Gregory Reinhart	bass
voice type	Jean Elleviou (14 June 1769, Rennes - 5 May 1842, Paris) was a French operatic tenor, one of the most celebrated French singers of his time.	Jean Elleviou	tenor
voice type	Marie-Nicole Lemieux (born June 26, 1975) is a Canadian coloratura contralto.	Marie-Nicole Lemieux	contralto
voice type	Josepha Duschek (1754--1824) was an outstanding soprano singer of the Classical era.	Josepha Duschek	soprano
voice type	Franz Vitzthum is a German countertenor, a male classical singer in the alto vocal range, specialising in Baroque music.	Franz Vitzthum	countertenor
voice type	Adalbert Kraus (born 27 April 1937 in Aschaffenburg) is a German tenor in opera and concert, known for singing the works of Johann Sebastian Bach.	Adalbert Kraus	tenor
voice type	Gabriele Schreckenbach (born in Berlin) is a German contralto singer in opera and concert and an academic voice teacher.	Gabriele Schreckenbach	contralto
voice type	Margaret Nisbett, MBE, (born 9 January 1929) is an Australian coloratura soprano.	Margaret Nisbett	soprano
voice type	Arnold Matters (11 April 1904 -- 21 September 1990) was an Australian operatic baritone whose career was made mostly in England during the 1930s and 1940s.	Arnold Matters	baritone
voice type	Beatriz Michelena (February 22, 1890 -- October 10, 1942) was an American actress during the silent film era, known at the time for her operatic soprano voice and appearances in musical theatre.	Beatriz Michelena	soprano
voice type	Friedrich Plaschke (7 January 1875 -- 4 February 1952) was a Czech operatic bass-baritone.	Friedrich Plaschke	bass
voice type	Oksana Dyka (Ukrainian: Оксана Дика, (ɔkˈsana ˈdɪka), also spelled Oksana Dika, born 1978 in Zhytomyr) is a Ukrainian operatic soprano.	Oksana Dyka	soprano
voice type	Giuseppe Sabbatini (born May 11, 1957, Rome, Italy) is a lyric tenor.	Giuseppe Sabbatini	tenor
voice type	Carlo Meliciani (born 1929) is an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international career from the mid-1950s through the late 1970s.	Carlo Meliciani	baritone
voice type	Teresa Brambilla (23 October 1813 -- 15 July 1895) was a celebrated Italian soprano most remembered today for having created the role of Gilda in Verdi's opera, Rigoletto.	Teresa Brambilla	soprano
voice type	Alice Cucini (1870--1949) was an Italian contralto who had a prolific opera career in Europe and South America between 1891 and 1915.	Alice Cucini	contralto
voice type	Natalia Troitskaya (1951 -- 9 April 2006) was a Russian operatic soprano who had a major international career during the 1980s and early 1990s.	Natalia Troitskaya	soprano
voice type	Marie Le Rochois (c. 1658 -- 8 October 1728) was a French operatic soprano who belonged to the Académie Royale de Musique.	Marie Le Rochois	soprano
voice type	Pretty Yende, OIS (born 6 March 1985) is a South African soprano opera singer.	Pretty Yende	soprano
voice type	Christian Gerhaher (born 1969 in Straubing) is a noted German baritone and bass singer in opera and concert, particularly celebrated as a Lied singer.	Christian Gerhaher	baritone
voice type	Dianne van Giersbergen (born 3 June 1985 in Liempde) is a Dutch dramatic soprano singer, songwriter, and vocal coach who is well-known for being the frontwoman and founder of the progressive metal band Ex Libris and German symphonic metal band Xandria.	Dianne van Giersbergen	soprano
voice type	Friederike Sailer (20 February 1920 -- ? June 1994) was a German soprano in opera and concert.	Friederike Sailer	soprano
voice type	Maria Ivogün (18 November 1891, Budapest - 3 October 1987, Beatenberg, Switzerland) was a distinguished soprano singer of Hungarian origin.	Maria Ivogün	soprano
voice type	Daniel Sans (born 1975) is a German tenor.	Daniel Sans	tenor
voice type	Luana DeVol (born 1943 in San Mateo, California) is an American operatic soprano who made her Metropolitan Opera debut as Ortrud in April 2007 in Wagner's Lohengrin.	Luana DeVol	soprano
voice type	Hervé Niquet (born on October 28, 1957) is a French conductor, harpsichordist, tenor, and the director of Le Concert Spirituel, specializing in French Baroque music.	Hervé Niquet	tenor
voice type	Elisabeth Schumann (13 June 1888 -- 23 April 1952) was a German soprano who sang in opera, operetta, oratorio, and lieder.	Elisabeth Schumann	soprano
voice type	Eugène Dufriche (born 1848, date of death unknown) was a French baritone, who had a career on the operatic stage from the 1870s in Paris through to the 1900s in New York.	Eugène Dufriche	baritone
voice type	Frederick Bovill was an operatic baritone of the late Victorian era best known for his work in the Savoy Operas of Gilbert and Sullivan.	Frederick Bovill	baritone
voice type	Anna Fitziu (April 1, 1887 -- April 20, 1967) was an American soprano who had a prolific international opera career during the early part of the 20th century.	Anna Fitziu	soprano
voice type	Birgit Nordin (born 22 February 1934 in Sangis, Sweden) is a Swedish opera soprano.	Birgit Nordin	soprano
voice type	Mario Petri (21 January 1922, Perugia - 26 January 1985, Città della Pieve) was an Italian operatic bass particularly associated with Mozart and Rossini roles.	Mario Petri	bass
voice type	Antonio Montagnana (fl. 1730--50, born in Venice) was an Italian bass of the 18th-century who is best remembered for his association with the composer George Frideric Handel, whose operas Montagnana sang in.	Antonio Montagnana	bass
voice type	Elaine Malbin (born May 24, 1932, New York City) is an American soprano who had a prolific international career singing in operas, musicals, and concerts from 1949 through 1967.	Elaine Malbin	soprano
voice type	Lili Chookasian (August 1, 1921 -- April 9, 2012) was an American contralto who appeared with many of the world's major symphony orchestras and opera houses.	Lili Chookasian	contralto
voice type	Mignon Dunn (born June 17, 1928 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a leading American dramatic mezzo-soprano and voice teacher.	Mignon Dunn	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Jean de Reszke (14 January 1850 -- 3 April 1925), was a Polish tenor who was a major male opera star of the late 19th century.	Jean de Reszke	tenor
voice type	Mindaugas Rojus (born January 24, 1981 in Darbėnai, Kretinga district, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian opera singer (tenor / baritone), a soloist of Klaipėda State Music Theatre, and a member of a stage duo Žemaitijos perlai (Samogitia's Pearls).	Mindaugas Rojus	baritone
voice type	John Langstaff (December 24, 1920 -- December 13, 2005), a concert baritone, and early music revivalist was the founder of the Northeast United States tradition of the Christmas Revels, as well as a respected musician and educator.	John Langstaff	baritone
voice type	Eugene Conley (March 12, 1908 -- December 18, 1981) was a celebrated American operatic tenor.	Eugene Conley	tenor
voice type	Raimo Sirkiä (born February 7, 1951 in Finland) is a Finnish operatic tenor whose repertoire ranges from spinto to dramatic.	Raimo Sirkiä	tenor
voice type	Giuliano Ciannella (25 October 1943 -- 13 January 2008) was an Italian operatic tenor who had a major international career from the mid-1970s through the late 1990s.	Giuliano Ciannella	tenor
voice type	Alice Verlet (1873--1934) was a Belgian-born operatic coloratura soprano active primarily in France.	Alice Verlet	soprano
voice type	Ghena Dimitrova (Bulgarian: Гeна Димитpова) (6 May 1941 -- 11 June 2005) was a Bulgarian operatic soprano.	Ghena Dimitrova	soprano
voice type	Berle Sanford Rosenberg (December 15, 1951) is an American operatic tenor and vocal coach.	Berle Sanford Rosenberg	tenor
voice type	Andriana Yordanova is a Bulgarian-born soprano who started her career as a soloist in the school choir and the Children's opera in her home town of Varna.	Andriana Yordanova	soprano
voice type	Marie Ismaël-Garcin (1858-1946), was a French opera singer who specialised in light soprano roles and sang leading roles in several French opera houses during the 1880s.	Marie Ismaël-Garcin	soprano
voice type	Gloria Criscione Pineda, known artistically as ``Gloria del Paraguay'' is a Paraguayan soprano, recognized for her versatile voice.	Gloria del Paraguay	soprano
voice type	Libuše Márová (born 24 December 1943) is a Czech operatic mezzo-soprano who has been a principal artist at the National Theatre in Prague since 1969.	Libuše Márová	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Polly Young (also known as Mary Young, Maria Young, Polly Barthélemon and Maria Barthélemon) (7 July 1749 -- 20 September 1799) was an English soprano, composer and keyboard player.	Polly Young	soprano
voice type	Emmy Loose (January 22, 1914 in Ústí nad Labem -- October 14, 1987 in Vienna) was an Austrian operatic soprano of Czech birth, particularly associated with soubrette roles.	Emmy Loose	soprano
voice type	Edson Cordeiro (born February 9, 1967) is a sopranist countertenor and pop and jazz singer.	Edson Cordeiro	countertenor
voice type	Liam Bonner (born March 18, 1981) is a professional opera singer (baritone) based in Houston, Texas.	Liam Bonner	baritone
voice type	Beyhan Demirdağ Alkan is a Turkish Cypriot mezzo-soprano.	Beyhan Demirdağ Alkan	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Monika Frimmer (born 1955 in Marburg) is a German soprano in opera and concert.	Monika Frimmer	soprano
voice type	Gino Vanelli (26 March 1896, Bergamo - 9 April 1969, Monza) was an Italian operatic baritone who had an active international career from 1917 until his retirement in 1955.	Gino Vanelli	baritone
voice type	Dorothea Röschmann (born 17 June 1967) is a German opera soprano from Flensburg.	Dorothea Röschmann	soprano
voice type	Cyrena van Gordon was the stage name of an American operatic contralto born Cyrena Sue Pocock.	Cyrena van Gordon	contralto
voice type	Rosina Brandram (2 July 1845 -- 28 February 1907) was an English opera singer and actress primarily known for creating many of the contralto roles in the Savoy operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Rosina Brandram	contralto
voice type	Sonya Yoncheva (Bulgarian: Соня Йончева, born 25 December 1981) is a Bulgarian operatic soprano.	Sonya Yoncheva	soprano
voice type	Massimo Giordano (born 19 February 1971) is an Italian-born operatic tenor who is known for his bel canto repertoire.	Massimo Giordano	tenor
voice type	Harry Theyard (né Harry L. Theard, Jr, on 28 September 1929, in New Orleans) is an American operatic tenor.	Harry Theyard	tenor
voice type	Rolando Villazón Mauleón (born February 22, 1972) is a French/Mexican tenor.	Rolando Villazón	tenor
voice type	Sir Stig Fogh Andersen (February 24, 1950 in Hørsholm) is a Danish operatic tenor.	Stig Fogh Andersen	tenor
voice type	Teresa Stratas, OC (born May 26, 1938, Toronto, Ontario), is a retired Canadian operatic soprano of Greek descent.	Teresa Stratas	soprano
voice type	Denise Scharley (born Neuilly-en-Thelle, 15 February 1917 -- died Versailles, 26 July 2011) was a French contralto who made her debut in 1942, singing Pelléas et Mélisande at the Opéra-Comique.	Denise Scharley	contralto
voice type	Elena Cernei (1 March 1924 -- 27 November 2000) was a Romanian operatic mezzo-soprano, musicologist, and voice teacher.	Elena Cernei	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Barbara Kemp (12 December 1881 --17 April 1959) was a German soprano and opera singer.	Barbara Kemp	soprano
voice type	José Oxilia, also known in Italy as Giuseppe Oxilia (Montevideo, 3 June 1861 - 18 May 1919) was a Uruguayan operatic tenor.	José Oxilia	tenor
voice type	Claes-Håkan Ahnsjö (born 1 August 1942) is a Swedish operatic tenor particularly associated with the baroque repertoire and Mozart works.	Claes-Håkan Ahnsjö	tenor
