Jean Santeuil is an unfinished novel written by Marcel Proust .
The Fall of the Imam is a novel by Egyptian writer Nawal El Saadawi published in Arabic in 1987 .
Flight from the USSR is David Turashvili 's 2008 novel .
The Radium Pool is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Ed Earl Repp .
Grantchester Grind is a novel written by Tom Sharpe , a British novelist born in 1928 who was educated at Lancing College and then at Pembroke College , Cambridge .
A World Lit Only by Fire ( 1992 ) , by American historian William Manchester , is an informal history of the European Middle Ages , structured into three sections :
The Dissertation is a novel by R. M. Koster , part of the Tinieblas trilogy .
The Exploding Detective ( ISBN 0 - 9755799 - 6 - 7 ) is a comedic novel written by John Swartzwelder , a writer most famous for his work on The Simpsons television series .
No Picnic on Mount Kenya ( Italian : Fuga sul Kenya ) by Felice Benuzzi is a mountaineering classic recounting the 1943 attempt of three escaped Italian prisoners of war to reach the summit of Mount Kenya .
The Thought Gang is the second novel by English author Tibor Fischer , published in 1994 .
The Bowels of Liberty ( Portuguese : Os Subterrâneos da Liberdade ) is a trilogy of Brazilian Modernist novels written by Jorge Amado in 1954 .
Lost Everything is an apocalyptic science fiction novel by Brian Francis Slattery , published in 2012 by Tor Books .
Werewolves in Their Youth is a 1999 collection of short stories by Michael Chabon .
The Dark Half is a horror novel by Stephen King , published in 1989 .
`` The Mystery of Marie Rogêt '' , often subtitled A Sequel to `` The Murders in the Rue Morgue '' , is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe written in 1842 .
The Last Days of the Celtic Tiger is a 2007 play by Irish writer Paul Howard , as part of the Ross O'Carroll - Kelly series .
Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844 ( also referred to as The Paris Manuscripts ) are a series of notes written between April and August 1844 by Karl Marx .
`` The Old Castle 's Secret '' is a 32-page funny animal comic book adventure / mystery / horror story written , drawn , and lettered by Carl Barks .
Silent Honor is a novel written by Danielle Steel , published in 1996 .
Singularity 's Ring is the debut science fiction book by Paul Melko .
The Memory of Whiteness is a science fiction novel written by Kim Stanley Robinson and published in 1985 .
Nearly Neptune is a juvenile science fiction novel , the twelfth in Hugh Walters ' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series .
Robot Visions ( 1990 ) is a collection of science fiction short stories and factual essays by Isaac Asimov .
First Contact ? is a juvenile science fiction novel , the thirteenth in Hugh Walters ' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series .
Bread and Roses , Too is a 2006 children 's historical novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson .
The General in His Labyrinth ( original Spanish title : El general en su laberinto ) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez .
À vau - l'eau ( English : With the Flow or Downstream ) is a short novel ( or novella ) by the French writer Joris - Karl Huysmans , first published by Henry Kistmaeckers in Brussels on January 26 , 1882 .
The Autumn of the Middle Ages , or The Waning of the Middle Ages ( published in 1919 as Herfsttij der Middeleeuwen and translated into English in 1924 ) , is the best - known work by the Dutch historian Johan Huizinga .
Freddy the Pilot ( 1952 ) is the 19th book in the humorous children 's Freddy the Pig series written by Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese .
Relación de las cosas de Yucatán was written by Diego de Landa Calderón circa 1566 shortly after his return from Yucatán to Spain .
The Feminine Mystique is a 1963 book by Betty Friedan which is widely credited with sparking the beginning of second - wave feminism in the United States .
Asterios Polyp is a 2009 graphic novel by American cartoonist David Mazzucchelli .
The Log of the Ark is a children 's book written by Kenneth Walker and Geoffrey Boumphrey .
Ummachu ( Beloved ) is a Malayalam novel written by Uroob in 1954 .
Klee Wyck is an autobiographical work by artist Emily Carr .
Marchers of Valhalla is a collection of two Fantasy novelettes by Robert E. Howard .
The Wrestling is a nonfiction book by Simon Garfield , a British journalist and non - fiction author .
`` Allal '' is a short story written by American writer , composer , and world traveler Paul Bowles .
Lend Me a Tenor is a comedy by Ken Ludwig .
The Man with My Face is a 1948 mystery novel by Samuel W. Taylor , which was the basis for the 1951 film of the same title .
Choritrohin is a 1917 novel by Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay .
Echo in the Skull is a science - fiction novel by British novelist John Brunner , first published in the United States by Ace Books as part of Ace Double # D-385 .
A Perfect Night to Go to China is a novel by David Gilmour , published in 2005 .
The White Goddess : a Historical Grammar of Poetic Myth is a book - length essay on the nature of poetic myth - making by author and poet Robert Graves .
To Whom This May Come is a short story by American author Edward Bellamy .
Ståle Storli , also spelled Staale Storlid , is the title of a Norwegian folksong and a novel by John Lie , published in 1880 .
The Sand Pebbles is a 1962 novel by American author Richard McKenna about a Yangtze River gunboat and its crew in 1926 .
On the Yankee Station is a short story collection by William Boyd .
`` Why Should We Idly Waste Our Prime '' is an Scots poem written by Robert Burns .
Dancing the Dream is a 1992 book of poems and reflections written by American recording artist Michael Jackson .
Madness in Valencia ( `` Los Locos de Valencia '' ) is a farce from the Spanish Golden Age by Félix Lope de Vega y Carpio .
The Freshest Boy is a short story by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald .
The Golden Turkey Awards is a 1980 book by film critic Michael Medved and his brother Harry .
S / Z , published in 1970 , is Roland Barthes 's structuralist analysis of `` Sarrasine '' , the short story by Honoré de Balzac .
The Moffat Museum by Eleanor Estes is the fourth and final novel in the children 's series known as The Moffats .
Explosion in a Cathedral ( Spanish title : El Siglo de las Luces , The Century of Lights ) is a historical novel by Cuban writer and musicologist Alejo Carpentier .
Sucker 's Portfolio , by Kurt Vonnegut , is a collection of six short stories , one non - fiction essay , and one unfinished short story written by Vonnegut and published posthumously by Amazon Publishing .
An Unsuitable Attachment is a novel by Barbara Pym , written in 1963 and published posthumously in 1982 .
On This Island is a book of poems by W. H. Auden , first published under the title Look , Stranger ! in the UK in 1936 , then published under Auden 's preferred title , On this Island , in the US in 1937 .
Here Lies Arthur is a young - adult novel by Philip Reeve , published by Scholastic in 2007 .
Who Rules America ? is a book by psychologist and sociologist G. William Domhoff , first published in 1967 and updated in 2000 & 2009 , that argues against the concentration of power and wealth in the American upper class .
The Cloven Viscount ( Italian : Il visconte dimezzato ) is a fantasy novel written by Italo Calvino .
When God Was a Woman is the U.S. title of a 1976 book by sculptor and art historian Merlin Stone .
Sengsara Membawa Nikmat ( English : Blessing in Disguise ) is an Indonesian novel written by Tulis Sutan Sati .
Miss Smilla 's Feeling for Snow or Smilla 's Sense of Snow ( Danish : Frøken Smillas fornemmelse for sne ) is a 1992 novel by Danish author Peter Høeg .
The Pigtail of Ah Lee Ben Loo with Seventeen other Laughable Tales and 200 Comical Silhouettes is a children 's book written and illustrated by John Bennett .
Hot Six is the sixth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum and was written in 2000 .
The Shangri - La Diet is both the name of a book by the psychologist Seth Roberts , a professor at Tsinghua University and professor emeritus at UC Berkeley , and the name of the diet that the book advocates .
Tonio Kröger is a novella by Thomas Mann , written early in 1901 , when he was 25 .
Rachel and Leah ( 2004 ) is the third novel in the Women of Genesis series by Orson Scott Card .
Flight to Arras ( French : Pilote de guerre ) is a memoir by French author Antoine de Saint - Exupéry .
The Maytrees is American author Annie Dillard 's second novel , a fictional account of the lives of Toby and Lou Maytree in Provincetown , MA , from the time of courting to old age .
A Heritage and Its History is a novel by Ivy Compton - Burnett first published in 1959 by Victor Gollancz .
The Last Jew is a novel by Noah Gordon , 2000 .
10:04 is the second novel by the American writer Ben Lerner .
Postsingular is a 2007 science - fiction novel written by American writer Rudy Rucker .
The False Subtlety of the Four Syllogistic Figures Proved ( German : Die falsche Spitzfindigkeit der vier syllogistischen Figuren erwiesen ) is an essay published by Immanuel Kant in 1762 .
The Unreals is a science fiction / fantasy novel by Donald Jeffries , published in 2007 by StoneGarden .
The Monsters of Templeton is a dramatic novel written by Lauren Groff .
`` The Aurelian '' is a short story first written in Russian as Pil'gram by Vladimir Nabokov during his exile in Berlin in 1930 .
`` What Must Be Said '' ( German : `` Was gesagt werden muss '' ) is a 2012 prose poem by the German writer Günter Grass , recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature .
Frog and Toad are the main characters in a series of easy - reader children 's books , written and illustrated by Arnold Lobel .
Beat Not the Bones is a 1952 suspense novel ( and psychological thriller ) by Charlotte Jay ( pseudonym of Geraldine Halls ) which won the inaugural Edgar award for best novel .
The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook is a bestselling textbook on low - budget and independent film production written by Chris Jones and Genevieve Jolliffe .
My Little War ( Mijn kleine oorlog 1947 , translation by Paul Vincent 2010 ) is the fourth novel by Louis Paul Boon , and the first one to show his formidable innovative powers in shaping literary constructions .
The Book of Kane is a collection of fantasy short stories by Karl Edward Wagner featuring his character Kane .
Cracking India , ( 1991 , U.S. , 1992 , India ; originally published as Ice Candy Man , 1988 , England ) is a novel by author Bapsi Sidhwa .
Concepts of Modern Mathematics is a 1975 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart about recent developments in mathematics .
Memories , Dreams , Reflections ( German title : Erinnerungen , Träume , Gedanken ) is a partially autobiographical book by Swiss psychologist Carl Jung and an associate , Aniela Jaffé .
Tehelka as Metaphor is a 2009 nonfiction book by Indian journalist , Madhu Trehan .
The Satanic Rituals includes the child baptism ritual used by Anton LaVey at the first publicly recorded Satanic baptism in history for his youngest daughter Zeena ( in The Satanic Rituals , LaVey dedicates the ceremony to Zeena ) .
The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms , with Observations on their Habits ( sometimes shortened to Worms ) is an 1881 book by Charles Darwin on earthworms .
Maximum Boy is a series of eight chapter books for young readers written by the humorist Dan Greenburg , illustrated by Greg Swearingen , and published by Scholastic from 2001 to 2003 .
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club ( also known as The Pickwick Papers ) is Charles Dickens 's first novel .
For Marx ( French : Pour Marx ) is a 1965 book by Louis Althusser , a leading theoretician of the French Communist Party .
Hangman 's Holiday is a collection of short stories , mostly murder mysteries , by Dorothy L. Sayers .
Pudd'nhead Wilson is a novel by Mark Twain .
The Second Form at Malory Towers is a children 's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English boarding school .
If Democrats Had Any Brains , They 'd Be Republicans is a book by American conservative columnist Ann Coulter .
Speaker for the Dead is a 1986 science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to the novel Ender 's Game .
The Devil and Miss Prym ( Portuguese : O Demônio e a Srta . Prym ) is a novel by the Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho .
A History of Money and Banking in the United States is a 2002 book by economist Murray Rothbard .
Conservatives without Conscience is a book written by John Dean , who served as White House Counsel under U.S. President Richard Nixon and then helped to break the Watergate scandal with his testimony before the United States Senate .
The Silent Gondoliers ( ISBN 0 - 345 - 44263 - 6 ) is a 1983 novel written by William Goldman , under the pseudonym of `` S. Morgenstern '' , about why the gondoliers of Venice no longer sing through the tale of the protagonist Luigi .
`` Ker - Plop '' is a science fiction novella written in 1979 by Ted Reynolds .
Tarry Flynn is a novel by Irish poet and novelist Patrick Kavanagh , set in 1930s rural Ireland .
The Wizard of Linn is a science fiction novel written by A. E. van Vogt and a sequel to Empire of the Atom .
The Dragon Ca n't Dance is a 1979 novel by Trinidadian author Earl Lovelace , set in a slum of Port of Spain .
D.C.O. Cargunka is a fictional sailor created by English writer William Hope Hodgson .
Black Mischief was Evelyn Waugh 's third novel , published in 1932 .
The Refugees ( 1893 ) is a historical novel by British writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
A Walk to Wachusett is an essay penned by Henry David Thoreau accounting an excursion he took with a companion , Richard Fuller , from Concord , Massachusetts to the summit of Mount Wachusett located in Princeton , Massachusetts .
The Harleian Miscellany is a collection of material from the library of the Earl of Oxford collated and edited by Samuel Johnson and William Oldys between 1744 and 1753 on behalf of the publisher Thomas Osborne .
The Day of Forever , is a short - story collection by J. G. Ballard .
Starship Traveller is a single - player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and illustrated by Peter Andrew Jones .
Space Platform is a YA science fiction novel by author Murray Leinster .
The King 's Damosel ( also known as The King 's Damsel ) is a fantasy novel based on Arthurian legend by Vera Chapman first published in 1976 .
The Scarlet Fig : or , Slowly through a Land of Stone , is a fantasy novel by Avram Davidson , edited by Grania Davis and Henry Wessells , published in hardcover by Rose Press in 2005 .
The Tin - Pot Foreign General and the Old Iron Woman ( ISBN 0241113628 ) is a 1984 picture book , ostensibly for very young children , written and illustrated by Raymond Briggs and published by Hamish Hamilton .
C Traps and Pitfalls is a slim computer programming book by former AT&T Corporation researcher and programmer Andrew Koenig , its first edition still in print in 2005 , which outlines the many ways in which beginners and even sometimes quite experienced C programmers can write poor , malfunctioning and dangerous source code .
TCP / IP Illustrated is the name of a series of 3 books written by W. Richard Stevens .
Menino de engenho ( Plantation boy ) is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José Lins do Rego .
The Diary of a Cross - Stealer ( Խաչագողի հիշատակարանը / Khachagoghi Hishatakarane ) is an 1890 novel by the Armenian novelist Raffi .
Chronopolis and Other Stories is a 1971 collection of science fiction stories by J. G. Ballard .
Gødland is an American comic book series by Joe Casey and Tom Scioli , published by Image Comics from 2005 to 2012 .
The Rain Before It Falls is a lyrical novel written by British author Jonathan Coe .
The Twelve Little Cakes ( 2004 ) is a memoir by Czech author Dominika Dery .
Because of Winn - Dixie is a children 's novel written by Kate DiCamillo , which was published in 2000 , and was the winner of a Newbery Honor distinction the following year .
Fall on Your Knees is a novel by Canadian playwright , actor and novelist Ann - Marie MacDonald .
`` First Law '' is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov , first published in the October 1956 issue of Fantastic Universe magazine and later collected in The Rest of the Robots ( 1964 ) and The Complete Robot ( 1982 ) .
The Millionaire Mind , published February 1 , 2000 by Thomas J. Stanley , draws from the author 's research of America 's affluent to examine the ideas , beliefs and practices of the segment of the financial elite that use little or no consumer credit .
`` Gimpel the Fool '' ( 1953 ) is a short story by Isaac Bashevis Singer , translated into English by Saul Bellow in 1953 .
Un taxi mauve ( `` a mauve taxi '' ) is a 1973 novel by the French writer Michel Déon .
Wildwood Dancing is a young adult fantasy novel written by author Juliet Marillier and published by Pan Macmillan Australia in 2006 .
Mr. Monk on Patrol is the thirteenth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk .
Patience and Sarah is a 1969 historical fiction novel with strong lesbian themes by Alma Routsong , using the pen name Isabel Miller .
Babyji is a novel by Abha Dawesar first published in 2005 .
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ( or , in more recent editions , The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ) is a novel by Mark Twain , first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885 .
Los Amos del Valle is a Venezuelan novel written by psychiatrist Francisco Herrera Luque and published in 1979 .
Twilight in the Forbidden City ( Chinese : 紫禁城的黄昏 ; pinyin : Zǐjìnchéng de Huánghūn ) is Reginald Johnston 's 486-page memoir of Henry Puyi , who had been the Xuantong Emperor of the Qing dynasty .
Shabash Professor Shonku ( Bravo Professor Shonku ) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1974 .
A Long Long Way is a novel by Irish author Sebastian Barry , set during the First World War .
Elizabeth and After is a novel by Matt Cohen , first published in 1999 by Knopf Canada .
Oakfield ; or , Fellowship in the East is a novel by William Delafield Arnold , first published in 1853 .
Dear Mr. Capote is a 1983 novel by Gordon Lish .
The Book of Healing ( Arabic : کتاب الشفاء Kitab Al - Shifaʾ , Latin : Sufficientia ) is a scientific and philosophical encyclopedia written by Abū Alī ibn Sīnā ( Avicenna ) from ancient Persia , near Bukhara in Greater Khorasan .
Blanquerna ( Catalan pronunciation : ( bɫəŋˈkɛrnə ) ) is a novel written around 1283 by Ramon Llull .
`` Epitaph to a Dog '' ( also sometimes referred to as `` Inscription on the Monument to a Newfoundland Dog '' ) is a poem by the British poet Lord Byron .
Var är bus - Alfons ? is a 1982 children 's book by Gunilla Bergström .
The Promise of American Life is a book published by Herbert Croly , founder of The New Republic , in 1909 .
The Peripheral is a 2014 science fiction mystery - thriller novel by William Gibson .
A Short History of the English People is a book written by English historian John Richard Green .
A Hidden Life is a memoir by the Dutch - American author Johanna Reiss .
Gideon 's Day is the first in a series of police procedural novels by John Creasey writing as J.J. Marric .
The Poem of the Man - God ( Italian title : Il Poema dell'Uomo - Dio ) is a multi volume book of about five thousand pages on the life of Jesus Christ written by Maria Valtorta .
`` Umney 's Last Case '' is a short story by American author Stephen King , first published in King 's collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes ( 1993 ) .
The Throwback is a 1978 satirical novel by Tom Sharpe .
Leonardo 's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms ( 1998 ) is the eighth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould .
Coming Up for Air is a novel by George Orwell , first published in June 1939 , shortly before the outbreak of World War II . It combines premonitions of the impending war with images of an idyllic Thames - side Edwardian era childhood .
`` The Gunslinger and the Dark Man '' is a short story by Stephen King , originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in November 1981 .
The Killing of Tupac Shakur is a biographical and true - crime account by American journalist and author Cathy Scott of the 1996 murder of rapper Tupac Shakur .
Last Drinks is a 2000 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Andrew McGahan .
Conan the Avenger is a 1968 collection of two fantasy works written by Björn Nyberg , Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Robert E. Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
As Sure as the Dawn ( 1995 ) is a novel by Francine Rivers , and the third book in the Mark of the Lion Series .
Your Best Life Now : 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential is the bestselling book by pastor Joel Osteen .
Facing the Future is a young adult Christian novel written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye , number four of the Left Behind :
The Theory of Money and Credit is a 1912 economics book written by Ludwig von Mises , originally published in German as Theorie des Geldes und der Umlaufsmittel .
In the Valley ( 1890 ) is a historical novel by Anglo - American novelist Harold Frederic .
The First Casualty ( 2005 ) is a historical crime novel by English author Ben Elton , set during the First World War .
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day is a novel by Pearl Cleage , and was chosen as an Oprah 's Book Club selection in September 1998 .
Calico Captive is Elizabeth George Speare 's first historical fiction children 's novel .
The Naked Society is a 1964 book on privacy by Vance Packard .
Home , and Other Big , Fat Lies is a middle grade novel by Jill Wolfson .
2 Die 4 is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton first published in 2009 .
Human Croquet is the second novel of Kate Atkinson .
Spring Storm is a 1937 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams .
The New Science ( original title Scienza Nuova ( ˈʃɛntsa ˈnwɔːva ) ) is the major work of Italian philosopher Giambattista Vico , published in 1725 .
Through a Glass , Clearly ( 1967 ) is a collection of four short stories by Isaac Asimov .
The Flying Sorcerers is a humorous 1971 science fiction novel by David Gerrold and Larry Niven .
The Art of Transformation ( ISBN 9781933966007 ) is a 2006 book by former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Nancy Desmond .
`` Æpyornis Island '' , or `` Aepyornis Island '' , is a short story by H. G. Wells , first published in 1894 in the Pall Mall Budget .
Cutters Do n't Cry is a young adult novel written by American author Christine Dzidrums , first published in 2010 .
Torch of Freedom is a science fiction novel by American writers David Weber and Eric Flint , published on November 3 , 2009 .
La Guerre is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as War .
Blue Genes is the fifth story in the `` Kate Brannigan Series '' written by Val McDermid A popular Scottish author .
Divina Trace ( 1991 ) is an experimental novel by Robert Antoni , and the winner of the 1992 Commonwealth Writers Prize for best first novel .
The Orphan of the Rhine was a gothic novel by Eleanor Sleath , listed as one of the seven `` horrid novels '' by Jane Austen in her novel Northanger Abbey .
Aramis , or the Love of Technology , was written by French sociologist / anthropologist Bruno Latour .
The End of the Affair ( 1951 ) is a novel by British author Graham Greene , as well as the title of two feature films ( released in 1955 and 1999 ) that were adapted from the novel .
The Moonlight Bay Trilogy is a proposed trilogy of three novels by Dean Koontz .
The Coroner 's Lunch is a crime novel by British author Colin Cotterill first published in 2004 .
The Durdane series is a trilogy of science fiction books written by Jack Vance between 1971 and 1973 , and detail the political and social adventures of Gastel Etzwane on the world Durdane .
Upara ( a Marathi language word meaning outsider ) is an autobiography written by Laxman Mane , a writer who lives in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Is Religion Dangerous ? is a book by Keith Ward examining the questions : `` Is religion dangerous ?
The Petrified Planet is an anthology of three original science fiction stories , edited by the uncredited Fletcher Pratt and published by Twayne in 1952 .
The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears , is the debut novel of Ethiopian author Dinaw Mengestu .
Between Facts and Norms ( German : Faktizität und Geltung ) is a 1992 book on deliberative politics by the German political philosopher Jürgen Habermas .
Hons and Rebels is an autobiography by political activist Jessica Mitford , which describes her aristocratic childhood and the conflicts between her and her sisters Unity and Diana , who were ardent supporters of Nazism .
This Law of Ours and Other Essays is a book written by Muhammad Asad , first published by Dar al - Andalus , Gibraltar in 1987 .
The Man Who Folded Himself is a 1973 science fiction novel by David Gerrold that deals with time travel .
The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga is edited by ILYA .
Impossible Things is a collection of short stories by Connie Willis , first published in 1993 , that includes tales of ecological disaster , humorous satire , tragedy , and satirical alternate realities .
The Accidental Time Machine is a science - fiction novel by Joe Haldeman that was published in 2007 .
The Hoopster ( 2005 ) is a novel by American author Alan Lawrence Sitomer .
Hover Car Racer is a Sci - fi / Sports / Action story written by Australian author Matthew Reilly , originally released as a free fortnightly online serial , and later published by Pan MacMillan in 2004 .
The World 's Desire is a classic fantasy novel first published in 1890 and written by H. Rider Haggard and Andrew Lang .
Wives and Concubines ( 妻妾成群 Qīqiè Chéngqún ) is a 1990 novel by Su Tong that describes a college girl whose mind is broken by the concubine system in 1930s China .
Soccer Comes First ( originally published as Soccer Is Also a Game ) is a 1966 children 's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle .
The War of the End of the World ( Spanish : La guerra del fin del mundo ) is a 1981 novel written by Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa .
Cannon - Fodder ( French : Casse - pipe ) is an unfinished novel by the French writer Louis - Ferdinand Céline .
Mysteries of the Moonsea was written by Wil Upchurch , Sean K. Reynolds , Darrin Drader and Thomas M. Reid , and published in June 2006 .
The Kill Artist is a 2000 spy novel by American author Daniel Silva .
Our Lady of the Nile ( French : Notre Dame du Nil ) is a French - language novel by Scholastique Mukasonga , originally published in 2012 by Éditions Gallimard .
The Sensitive Man is a science fiction novella by Poul Anderson that was first published in the January 1954 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1981 collection The Psychotechnic League .
The Damnation of Theron Ware ( published in England as Illumination ) is an 1896 novel by American author Harold Frederic .
Space Station Seventh Grade is a young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli , published in 1982 ; it was his debut novel .
From A to Z , in the Chocolate Alphabet , a work by Harlan Ellison , is a collection of 26 extremely short stories on abstract and basically unrelated topics , displaying various aspects of Ellison 's well known preoccupations with morality , mythology , the trivia of history , and humor .
The Burden of Proof , published in 1990 , is Scott Turow 's second novel , somewhat of a sequel to Presumed Innocent .
The Eye of the Heron is a 1978 science fiction novel by U.S. author Ursula K. Le Guin which was first published in the science fiction anthology Millennial Women .
A Child 's Christmas in Wales is a prose work by the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas .
The Simple Art of Murder refers to hard - boiled detective fiction author Raymond Chandler 's critical essay , a magazine article , and his collection of short stories .
Lottie and Lisa ( original German title : Das doppelte Lottchen `` The double Lottie '' ) is a 1949 novel by Erich Kästner , about twin girls separated at birth who meet at summer camp .
Chief Culture Officer ( 2009 ) is the eighth book by Canadian author and anthropologist Grant McCracken .
The Conversion of Chaplain Cohen is a 1963 novel by the American writer and rabbi Herbert Tarr about a young rabbi serving as a United States Air Force military chaplain .
Winesburg , Ohio ( full title : Winesburg , Ohio : A Group of Tales of Ohio Small - Town Life ) is a 1919 short story cycle by the American author Sherwood Anderson .
John Needham 's Double is an 1885 novel and 1891 play by Joseph Hatton , and 1916 silent film .
The Borderland of Sol is an English language science fiction novelette written in 1975 by Larry Niven .
The Chainbearer ; or The Littlepage Manuscripts is a novel by the American novelist James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1845 .
Tickets to the Devil ( 1968 ) by Richard P. Powell is novel taking a glimpse into the world of duplicate bridge in the late 1960s .
Straight and Crooked Thinking , first published in 1930 and revised in 1953 , is a book by Robert H. Thouless which describes , assesses and critically analyses flaws in reasoning and argument .
The Toll - Gate is a Regency novel by Georgette Heyer , which takes place in 1817 .
Danger Along the Ohio is a novel of historical fiction written by Patricia Willis and first published in 1997 , it was the paperback edition .
Franka is a popular Dutch comic book series drawn and written since the mid-1970s by the graphic artist Henk Kuijpers .
Dialogues of the Gods ( Ancient Greek : Θεῶν Διάλογοι ) are 25 miniature dialogues mocking the Homeric conception of the Greek gods written in Attic Greek by Syrian author Lucian of Samosata .
A Manhã do Mundo ( literally The Morning of the World ) is a debut novel by the Portuguese writer Pedro Guilherme - Moreira .
By the Candelabra 's Glare is a 1898 collection of poems written by L. Frank Baum .
Sun Horse , Moon Horse is a historical novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1977 .
Helbeck of Bannisdale is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward , first published in 1898 .
Dada Kamred ( Hindi : दादा कॉमरेड ) is a novel written by Yashpal .
The Death - Defying Pepper Roux is a 2010 book by British children 's author Geraldine McCaughrean .
The Reprieve ( French : Le sursis ) is a 1945 novel by Jean - Paul Sartre .
The Little Emperors is a 1951 historical novel by the English author Alfred Duggan .
Isle of Fire was written by Wayne Thomas Batson and published in 2008 as the sequel to his book Isle of Swords .
Grasshopper Jungle is a 2014 young adult novel written by American author Andrew A. Smith that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional , run - down , half - abandoned town of Ealing , Iowa .
Anti - intellectualism in American Life is a book by Richard Hofstadter published in 1963 that won the 1964 Pulitzer Prize for General Non - Fiction .
Moments of Being is a collection of posthumously - published autobiographical essays by Virginia Woolf .
The Ragged - Trousered Philanthropists is a novel by Robert Tressell first published in 1914 after his death in 1911 .
Leather Maiden is a crime / mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
Ragazzi di vita ( Italian pronunciation : ( raˈɡattsi di ˈviːta ) ; English : literally boys of life , idiomatically hustlers ) is a novel by Italian author , poet and intellectual Pier Paolo Pasolini .
Confessions of an English Opium - Eater ( 1821 ) is an autobiographical account written by Thomas De Quincey , about his laudanum ( opium and alcohol ) addiction and its effect on his life .
Capable of Honor is a 1966 political novel written by Allen Drury .
The Reavers is a 2007 comic novel from George MacDonald Fraser set during the Elizabethan Era .
Oriental Tales ( French : Nouvelles orientales ) is a 1938 short story collection by the French writer Marguerite Yourcenar .
Myši Natálie Mooshabrové is a Czech psychological novel by Ladislav Fuks .
Plåster ( lit . Plaster ) is the sixth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren .
Bright Island is a children 's novel by Mabel Robinson .
Tusen gånger starkare ( A Thousand Times Stronger ) is a 2006 young adult novel written by Christina Herrström .
I Shall Wear Midnight is an Andre Norton Award - winning comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett set on the Discworld .
The Peppered Moth is a 2000 novel by English writer Margaret Drabble ; it is her fourteenth published novel .
The Character of Physical Law is a series of seven lectures by physicist Richard Feynman concerning the nature of the laws of physics .
Arthur 's Nose is a children 's book written and illustrated by writer Marc Brown , focusing on the experiences of Arthur Read , a fictional anthropomorphic bipedal aardvark .
Medicamina Faciei Femineae ( Cosmetics for the Female Face , also known as The Art of Beauty ) is a didactic poem written in elegiac couplets by the Roman poet Ovid .
Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle , first published in 1993 by Secker and Warburg .
Pitcher - Plants of Borneo is a monograph by Anthea Phillipps and Anthony Lamb on the tropical pitcher plants of Borneo .
Lu Ann Hampton Laverty Oberlander is the second play in the series A Texas Trilogy by Preston Jones .
In mathematics , Canon arithmeticus is a table of indices and powers with respect to primitive roots for prime powers less than 1000 , originally published by Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi ( 1839 ) .
The Adventures of the Black Girl in Her Search for God ( and Some Lesser Tales ) is a book of short stories written by George Bernard Shaw .
The Career of Nicodemus Dyzma ( Polish title : Kariera Nikodema Dyzmy ) is a 1932 Polish bestselling novel by Tadeusz Dołęga - Mostowicz .
The Tears of Autumn ( 1974 ) is American author Charles McCarry 's second novel , and the second novel in the Paul Christopher series .
Naši furianti ( in English : Our Swaggerers ) is a Czech play based on story by Ladislav Stroupežnický , played for the first time in 1887 .
The Fire Pony is a children 's novel written by Rodman Philbrick , first published in the United States in 1996 by Blue Sky Press .
Economy and Society is a book by political economist and sociologist Max Weber , published posthumously in Germany in 1922 by his wife Marianne .
A Matter of Profit is a science fiction novel written by Hilari Bell published in 2001 .
Murder at School is a detective novel by James Hilton first published in 1931 .
Earth Inferno is the first book by the English artist and magician Austin Osman Spare when he was 18 .
Rage of a Demon King is the third book in Raymond E. Feist 's Serpentwar Saga and the eleventh book of his Riftwar cycle .
The Desire of Ages is a book about the life of Jesus Christ by the Seventh - day Adventist pioneer Ellen G. White .
Cousin Henry is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1879 .
Ecstasy and Me is the tell - all style autobiography of Austrian - born actress and scientist Hedy Lamarr , co - written with Leo Guild and Cy Rice and first published in 1966 .
Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great is a children 's novel by Judy Blume , first published in 1972 .
The Georgics ( /ˈdʒɔrdʒɪks/ ; Latin : Georgica ( ɡɛˈoːrɡɪka ) ) is a poem in four books , likely published in 29 BC . It is the second major work by the Latin poet Virgil , following his Eclogues and preceding the Aeneid .
The Amazing Bone is a 32-page picture book by William Steig from 1976 .
`` Encounter in the Dawn '' is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1953 in the magazine Amazing Stories .
Johnny Gone Down is second novel written by Indian Author Karan Bajaj about an Ivy League Scholar who had a bright future at NASA ahead of him but things seem to take a dramatic turn from an innocent vacation .
Other Lives but Mine ( French : D'autres vies que la mienne ) is a 2009 book by the French writer Emmanuel Carrère .
The Cat Who Saw Red is the fourth book in the Cat Who series of mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun , published in 1986 .
Science Fiction Terror Tales is an anthology of science fiction horror short stories edited by Groff Conklin .
Urban the Ninth is a 1973 Novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall .
`` Dr. Heidegger 's Experiment '' is a short story by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne , about a doctor who claims to have been sent water from the Fountain of Youth .
Lectures on Jurisprudence , also called Lectures on Justice , Police , Revenue and Arms ( 1763 ) is a collection of Adam Smith 's lectures , comprising notes taken from his early lectures .
When the World Shook is a novel by H. Rider Haggard written in 1919 .
Fear and Misery of the Third Reich ( German : Furcht und Elend des Dritten Reiches ) , also known as The Private Life of the Master Race , is one of Bertolt Brecht 's most famous plays and the first of his openly anti - Nazi works .
Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is the original title of a novella written by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson first published in 1886 .
30 Days in Sydney is a book written by Australian novelist Peter Carey .
In computing , the Common Public License ( CPL ) is a free software / open - source software license published by IBM .
Le Fils naturel ( English : The Natural Son ) is a 1757 play by Denis Diderot .
Le Curé de Tours is a long short story ( or , more properly , a novella ) by Honoré de Balzac , written in 1832 .
She Returns to the Floating World is a book of poetry that was written by Jeannine Hall Gailey and published by Kitsune Books in 2011 .
Wibbly Pig 's Silly Big Bear is a children 's picture book written and illustrated by Mick Inkpen , published in 2006 .
The Road to Jerusalem ( Swedish : Vägen till Jerusalem ) is the first book in Jan Guillou 's The Knight Templar book series .
Grammar of the Gothic Language is a book by Joseph Wright describing the extinct Gothic language , first published in 1910 .
The Enemy Papers is a short story collection by Barry B. Longyear containing the novella Enemy Mine , later made into a feature - length film of the same name , along with two sequels :
You Know Me Al is a book by Ring Lardner , and subsequently a nationally syndicated comic strip scripted by Lardner and drawn by Will B. Johnstone and Dick Dorgan .
The Reign of the Brown Magician ( 1996 ) is the final fantasy novel in The Worlds of Shadow trilogy by Lawrence Watt - Evans .
Pseudolus is a play by the ancient Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus .
Moonheart is an urban fantasy novel by Charles de Lint .
Year 's Best SF 10 ( ISBN 0 - 06 - 057561 - 1 ) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2005 .
The Fifth Gospel ( Das fünfte Evangelium ) , first published in Germany in 1993 , is a novel by Philipp Vandenberg .
The Spirit of Romance is a 1910 book of literary criticism by the poet Ezra Pound .
Staying On is a novel by Paul Scott , which was published in 1977 and won the Booker Prize .
The Impulse to Preserve is Robert Gardner 's 2006 memoir about his career creating actuality films .
Half the Blood of Brooklyn is a 2007 pulp - noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston .
Handling the Undead ( Swedish : Hanteringen av odöda ) is a 2005 horror novel by Swedish writer John Ajvide Lindqvist , translated into English in 2009 .
Rediscovering God in America is a book written by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich with photography from his wife Callista Gingrich .
Voices of a People 's History of the United States ( ISBN 978 - 1583229163 ) is an anthology edited by Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove .
The Edict on Maximum Prices ( Latin : Ēdictum Dē Pretiīs Rērum Vēnālium , `` Edict Concerning the Sale Price of Goods '' ; also known as the Edict on Prices or the Edict of Diocletian ) was issued in 301 by Roman Emperor Diocletian .
Computers and Typesetting is a 5-volume set of books by Donald Knuth published in 1986 describing the TeX and Metafont systems for digital typography .
The Money Lenders is a 1981 book on finance by British journalist Anthony Sampson .
Breaking Stalin 's Nose is a 2011 children 's historical novel written and illustrated by Eugene Yelchin .
Annales Ecclesiastici ( full title Annales ecclesiastici a Christo nato ad annum 1198 ; `` Ecclesiastical annals from Christ 's nativity to 1198 '' ) , consisting of twelve folio volumes , is a history of the first 12 centuries of the Christian Church , written by Caesar Baronius .
The Hill of Devi is an account by E. M. Forster of two visits to India in 1912 - 1913 and 1921 , during which he worked as the private secretary to Tukojirao III , the Maharaja of the state of Dewas Senior .
The Morgaine Stories , also known as The Morgaine Cycle , are a series of science fantasy novels by science fiction and fantasy writer C. J. Cherryh , published by DAW Books .
Boy A is the title of a 2004 novel by British writer Jonathan Trigell .
The Deniers is a 2008 book by Lawrence Solomon , a Canadian environmentalist and writer .
The Stolen Spring ( Danish : Det Forsømte Forår , The Neglected Spring ) is a Danish novel by Hans Scherfig , published first in 1940 .
The Colossus of Maroussi is an impressionist travelogue by Henry Miller which was first published in 1941 by Colt Press of San Francisco .
The Memoirs of Cleopatra is a 1997 historical fiction novel written by American author Margaret George , detailing the purported life of Cleopatra VII , Queen of Egypt .
De Geuzen ( `` The Geuzen '' ) was a Belgian comics series , drawn by Willy Vandersteen from 1985 until his death in 1990 .
Traveling with the Dead is a 1995 vampire / mystery novel by Barbara Hambly .
When Did You See Her Last ? is the second book in the All the Wrong Questions series by Lemony Snicket ( also known as Daniel Handler ) , a series set before the events of A Series of Unfortunate Events .
The Wonder Book of Bible Stories is a 1904 literature by Logan Marshall printed in the United States .
The Draft History of Qing ( Chinese : 清史稿 ; pinyin : Qīng Shǐ Gǎo ) is a draft of the official history of the Qing dynasty compiled and written by a team of over 100 historians led by Zhao Erxun who were hired by the Beiyang government of the Republic of China .
Planet of Adventure is a series of four science fiction novels by Jack Vance , which relate the adventures of Adam Reith , the sole survivor of an Earth ship investigating a signal from the distant planet Tschai .
Double Fudge is a 2002 children 's novel by Judy Blume and the fourth and final in the Fudge series .
Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard is a poem by Thomas Gray , completed in 1750 and first published in 1751 .
Swift as Desire ( in Spanish Tan veloz como el deseo ) is a 2001 novel by the Mexican novelist Laura Esquivel .
The Mandaean Book of John ( Mandaic language Drāšā D - Yaḥyā ; Hebrew script - Aramaic Modern Mandaic : דרשא דיחיא‎ ) is a Mandaean holy book in Mandaic Aramaic written traditionally by their chief prophet John the Baptist .
The Genocides is a 1965 science fiction novel written by American author Thomas M. Disch .
The Black Hole of Auschwitz is a collection of essays by the Italian author Primo Levi .
Mister Pip ( 2006 ) is a novel by Lloyd Jones , a New Zealand author .
The Archaeology of Shamanism is an academic anthology edited by the English archaeologist Neil Price which was first published by Routledge in 2001 .
Regiment of Women is the debut novel of Winifred Ashton writing as Clemence Dane .
Who Killed Palomino Molero ? ( Spanish : ¿ Quién mató a Palomino Molero ? ) is a 1986 novel by Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa .
Glenarvon is Lady Caroline Lamb 's first novel , published in 1816 .
The Urth of the New Sun is a 1987 science fiction novel by Gene Wolfe that serves as a sort of coda to his 4-volume Book of the New Sun series .
Philosophy and Real Politics is a 2008 book by British philosopher and scholar Raymond Geuss whose main subject is the relationship between politics and human needs .
Plutarch 's Lives of the Noble Greeks and Romans , commonly called Parallel Lives or Plutarch 's Lives , is a series of biographies of famous men , arranged in tandem to illuminate their common moral virtues or failings , written in the late 1st century .
Sperm Wars is a primarily nonfiction book by evolutionary biologist Robin Baker .
The Peaks of Lyell is a book by Geoffrey Blainey , based on his University of Melbourne MA thesis originally published in 1954 .
I Heard the Owl Call My Name is a best - selling 1960s book by Margaret Craven .
The Machine God Laughs is an anthology of three science fiction short stories edited anonymously by William L. Crawford .
Forty Thousand in Gehenna , alternately 40,000 in Gehenna , is a 1983 novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh .
The Magician 's Land is a fantasy novel by Lev Grossman , published in 2014 by Viking Adult , the second sequel to The Magicians .
Conversation in the Cathedral is a 1969 novel by Peruvian writer and essayist Mario Vargas Llosa , translated by Gregory Rabassa .
Movies in Fifteen Minutes ( known as m15 m for short ) is primarily the name of a set of Internet - based movie parodies by Cleolinda Jones ( a pen name ) .
Belles on Their Toes is a 1950 book written by Frank Bunker Gilbreth , Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey .
The Blue Octavo Notebooks ( sometimes referred to as The Eight Octavo Notebooks ) is a series of eight notebooks written by Franz Kafka from late 1917 until June 1919 .
An Unfinished Journey is a posthumous collection of essays by Shiva Naipaul , published by Hamish and Hamilton in 1986 .
Persecution and the Art of Writing , published in 1952 by the Free Press , is a book of collected articles written by Leo Strauss .
Behind a Mask , or A Woman 's Power is a novella written by American author Louisa May Alcott .
In Persuasion Nation is short story writer George Saunders 's third full length short story collection .
Beneath the Wheel ( Unterm Rad ) is a 1906 novel written by Hermann Hesse .
Consider the Oyster is a book by M. F. K. Fisher that deals in the history , preparation and eating of oysters .
Playing with the Devil ( Czech : Hrátky s čertem ) is a 1945 Czech fairy - tale comedy play by playwright Jan Drda .
The Garden of Abdul Gasazi ( ISBN 0 - 395 - 27804-X ) is a best - selling children 's picture book written in 1979 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg .
The Stonemason is a play in five acts by American writer Cormac McCarthy , first performed in 1995 .
The Enchanted April is a 1922 novel by British - American writer Elizabeth von Arnim .
The Golden Legend ( Latin : Legenda aurea or Legenda sanctorum ) is a collection of hagiographies by Jacobus de Voragine that became a late medieval bestseller .
Hollywood Babylon is a book by avant - garde filmmaker Kenneth Anger which details the sordid scandals of many famous and infamous Hollywood denizens from the 1900s to the 1950s .
The Book of the New Sun ( 1980 -- 1983 ) is a series of four science fantasy novels or one four - volume novel by the American author Gene Wolfe .
A Delicate Truth is a 2013 spy novel by John le Carré .
Of Love and Evil is the second novel by American author Anne Rice in her Songs of the Seraphim series , which tells the story of Toby O'Dare , an assassin with a tragic past .
The Color of Distance is a science fiction novel by Amy Thomson published in 1995 by Ace Books .
Corporal to Field Officer , 4th Edition Up To Date was a reference work written by Captain H.P.E. Phillips , MC , and Lieutenant - Colonel R. J. S. Langford , designed for use by officers and NCOs in the Canadian Army to contain the essentials of all the army 's other military manuals .
Candide , ou l'Optimisme ( /ˌkænˈdiːd/ ; French : ( kɑ̃did ) ) is a French satire first published in 1759 by Voltaire , a philosopher of the Age of Enlightenment .
Fukurō no Shiro ( 梟の城 , Owls ' Castle ) is the ninja - themed 1959 debut novel of Japanese author Ryōtarō Shiba , which won him the Naoki Prize in 1960 after the story was published by Kodansha .
A History of Pi ( also titled A History of π ) is a 1970 non - fiction book by Petr Beckmann that presents a layman 's introduction to the concept of the mathematical constant pi ( π ) .
Missionaries in India is a 1996 nonfiction book by Arun Shourie .
Nothing But Blue Skies is a humorous fantasy novel by English author Tom Holt .
The Phenomenon of Man ( Le phénomène humain , 1955 ) is a book written by the French philosopher , paleontologist and Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin .
River Boy is a young adult novel by Tim Bowler , published by Oxford in 1997 .
The Fur Country ( French : Le Pays des fourrures ) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne in The Extraordinary Voyages series , first published in 1873 .
The Boy Who Cried Wolf is one of Aesop 's Fables , numbered 210 in the Perry Index .
Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness ! ( Swedish : Körkarlen ) is a 1912 novel by the Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf .
The Year of the Flood is a novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood , released on September 22 , 2009 in Canada and the United States , and on September 7 , 2009 , in the United Kingdom .
Witch & Wizard is the first novel of the Witch & Wizard series , written by James Patterson & Gabrielle Charbonnet .
The Continental Association , often known simply as the `` Association '' , was a system created by the First Continental Congress in 1774 for implementing a trade boycott with Great Britain .
Paroles ( ( pa.ʁɔl ) ; `` Words '' ) is a collection of poems by Jacques Prévert , first published on May 10 , 1946 .
Los relámpagos de agosto ( officially translated in 1986 as The Lightning of August ) was the first novel written by Mexican author Jorge Ibargüengoitia .
Je suis écrivain is a Belgian novel by François Weyergans .
Letters from Iceland is a travel book in prose and verse by W. H. Auden and Louis MacNeice , published in 1937 .
The Racial Contract is a book by professor Charles W. Mills in which Mills puts forth his political philosophy regarding the role of race in the formation of the social contract .
Obama 's Wars is a 2010 book written by Pulitzer Prize - winning investigative journalist Bob Woodward .
If It Had Happened Otherwise ( ISBN 028397821X ) is a 1931 collection of essays edited by J. C. Squire and published by Longmans , Green .
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a book of children 's stories by British author J. K. Rowling .
Larklight , or the Revenge of the White Spiders ! or to Saturn 's Rings and Back ! is a young adult novel by author Philip Reeve .
Gianni and the Ogre is a 1971 anthology of 18 fairy tales that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning - Sanders .
Anvil of Stars is a book by Greg Bear and a sequel to The Forge of God .
The FairTax Book is a non - fiction book by libertarian radio talk show host Neal Boortz and Congressman John Linder , published on August 2 , 2005 , as a tool to increase public support and understanding for the FairTax plan .
`` Up in Michigan '' is a short story by American writer Ernest Hemingway , written in 1921 and revised in 1938 .
The Third Philippic was delivered by the prominent Athenian statesman and orator , Demosthenes , in 341 BC . It constitutes the third of the four philippics .
The Assassin King is the sixth book in the Elizabeth Haydon series , the Symphony of Ages , released December 26 , 2006 , by Tor Books .
The Dragon in the Sea ( 1956 ) , also known as Under Pressure from its serialization , is a novel by Frank Herbert .
The Bulgari Connection is a 2001 novel by Fay Weldon that became notorious for its commercial tie - in : in exchange for £ 18,000 from the jeweler Bulgari , Weldon was required to mention the name of the jeweler at least 12 times - which was more than exceeded by the author .
Pontos Kültürü or Pontos Culture is a 1996 book by Turkish author Ömer Asan about the Greek Muslims of Trabzon Province .
The History of Sandford and Merton ( 1783 - 1789 ) was a bestselling children 's book written by Thomas Day .
`` The Reign of the Superman '' ( January 1933 ) is a short story written by Jerry Siegel and illustrated by Joe Shuster .
The Timothy Files is a 1987 best selling work of fiction by Lawrence Sanders .
`` Shadows in Zamboula '' is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian , first published in Weird Tales in 1935 .
Mindkiller is a 1982 novel by science fiction writer Spider Robinson .
The Second Plane ( 2008 ) is a collection of twelve pieces of nonfiction and two short stories by the British writer Martin Amis on the subject of the 9/11 attacks , terrorism , Muslim radicalisation and the subsequent global War on Terror .
In Abraham 's Bosom is a play by American dramatist Paul Green .
Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants is the fourth novel based on the television series Monk by Lee Goldberg .
Best Friends in Love is the third and last part of the Best Friends series by Rosie Rushton .
Children of Scarabaeus is a 2011 science fiction novel with a touch of romance by Australian author Sara Creasy , published by Harper Voyager .
Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas ( The Favorite Book of Judas ) or The Black Book is a 2003 semi - biography book by Filipino author Bob Ong .
The White Lioness ( Original : Den vita lejoninnan ) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell , the third in the Inspector Wallander series .
Invisible Yet Enduring Lilacs is the title of a collection of essays by Melbourne writer Gerald Murnane , published by Giramondo Publishing in 2005 .
The Antiquary ( 1816 ) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott about several characters including an antiquary : an amateur historian , archaeologist and collector of items of dubious antiquity .
The Magic Goes Away is a fantasy short story written by Larry Niven in 1976 , and later expanded to a novella of the same name which was published in 1978 .
Acid Row is a 2001 novel by crime - writer Minette Walters .
Collateral Karma is the second novel by T.L. Orcutt in the Path of Return Trilogy and first published in September 2008 .
What They Did to Princess Paragon is a humor novel by Robert Rodi , which tells the story of what happens when a venerable comic book superheroine is retconned as a lesbian .
Sacred Country is a novel by English author Rose Tremain , it was published in 1992 by Sinclair Stevenson and won both the James Tait Black Memorial Prize and Prix Femina Etranger .
Seedless in Seattle is a 2015 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and serves as the fifteenth book in the Ross O'Carroll - Kelly series .
Lily Beach ( 1993 ) is a literary novel by Jennie Fields .
`` That Hell - Bound Train '' is a fantasy short story by Robert Bloch from 1958 that won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1959 .
Farewell Fantastic Venus is a science fiction anthology edited by Brian Aldiss and Harry Harrison .
The Story of Appleby Capple is a complex children 's alphabet book by Anne Parrish in which alliterative narrative , with each chapter focusing on a different letter , is used to tell a story .
Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel ( ISBN 0 - 590 - 75803 - 9 ) is a children 's book by Virginia Lee Burton .
A Bad Spell in Yurt is a fantasy novel by C. Dale Brittain first published in 1991 .
The American Way of Death is an exposé of abuses in the funeral home industry in the United States , written by Jessica Mitford and published in 1963 .
Letter to His Father ( German : Brief an den Vater ) is the name usually given to the letter Franz Kafka wrote to his father Hermann in November 1919 , indicting him for his emotionally abusive and hypocritical behavior towards him .
The Horn of Mortal Danger is a 1980 novel by British musician Lawrence Leonard .
The Lawless Roads ( 1939 ) is a travel account by Graham Greene , based on his 1938 trip to Mexico , to see the effects of the government 's campaign of forced anti - Catholic secularisation and how the inhabitants had reacted to the brutal anticlerical purges of President Plutarco Elías Calles .
Epistle to a Godson and other poems is a book of poems by W. H. Auden , published in 1972 .
Beautiful Solitude ( Chinese : 又寂寞又美好 , which literally means `` Lonely and Wonderful . `` ) is a picture book , authored and illustrated by Jimmy Liao , completed in 2003 .
The Great Compilation of Fatwa ( Arabic : Majmu al - Fatwa al - Kubra ) is a collection of religious tracts written by the 13th century Islamic scholar Ibn Taymiyyah .
The Painted Word is a 1975 book of art criticism by Tom Wolfe .
Les Misérables ( pronounced /leɪ ˌmɪzəˈrɑːb/ or /leɪ ˈmɪzəˌrɑːb/ ; French pronunciation : ​(le mizeʁabl(ə ) ) ) is a French historical novel by Victor Hugo , first published in 1862 , that is considered one of the greatest novels of the 19th century .
Lo Crestià ( or The Christian in English ) was an encyclopaedia , that was sponsored by the king Peter IV of Aragon and written by Francesc Eiximenis between 1379 and 1392 .
Curse of the Starving Class is a play by Sam Shepard , considered the first of a series on family tragedies .
Dear Bruce Springsteen is a juvenile fiction novel published in 1987 by Kevin Major .
Limit of Vision is a 2001 science fiction book by author Linda Nagata .
Recuerdos de Provincia ( also known in English as : Recollections of a Provincial Past ) is an autobiography written in 1850 by Domingo Faustino Sarmiento , a writer and journalist who became the seventh president of Argentina .
Freedom ™ , the sequel to Daemon , is the second of a two - part novel , by the author Daniel Suarez , about a distributed , persistent computer application , known as The Daemon , that begins to change the real world after the original programmer 's death .
`` The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies '' is a seminal monograph by B. H. Danser on the tropical pitcher plants of the Dutch East Indies and surrounding regions .
Some Thoughts Concerning Education is a 1693 treatise on the education of gentlemen written by the English philosopher John Locke .
Love and Will ( 1969 ) is a book by American existential psychologist Rollo May , in which he articulates the principle that an awareness of death is essential to life , rather than being opposed to life .
Atkinson & Hilgard 's Introduction to Psychology is a popular introductory textbook on psychology written originally by Ernest Hilgard , Richard C. Atkinson and Rita L. Atkinson and edited and revised by Edward E. Smith , Daryl J. Bem , Susan Nolen - Hoeksema , Barbara L. Fredrickson , Geoff R. Loftus and Willem A. Wagenaar .
Icehenge is a science fiction novel by American author Kim Stanley Robinson , published in 1984 .
Tabataba suivi de pawana is the title of two short stories `` Tabataba '' followed by Pawana(Awaité Pawana)in one book written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .
Last Cab to Darwin is a 2003 Australian drama / comedy stage play written by Reg Cribb and based upon the true story of taxi driver Max Bell who was diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer in the early 1990s .
The Awkward Age is a novel by Henry James , first published as a serial in Harper 's Weekly in 1898 - 1899 and then as a book later in 1899 .
No Coffin for the Corpse ( 1942 ) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson .
Domains of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley .
The House of the Mosque ( Dutch : Het huis van de moskee ) is a Dutch - language novel by Iranian writer Kader Abdolah , published in 2005 .
The Thin Man ( 1934 ) is a detective novel by Dashiell Hammett .
The Outward Urge is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham ( although it might arguably be regarded as a collection of linked short stories ) .
The Colleen Bawn , or The Brides of Garryowen is a melodramatic play written by Irish playwright Dion Boucicault .
Anatomy of a Typeface is a book on typefaces written by Alexander Lawson .
An Essay on Liberation is a 1969 book by Frankfurt School philosopher Herbert Marcuse .
The Son of the Red Corsair ( original title : Il figlio del corsaro rosso ) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari , published in 1908 .
We of the Never Never is an autobiographical novel by Jeannie Gunn .
Flight into Camden is a novel by British author and playwright David Storey .
The Cruise of the Snark ( 1911 ) is a non - fictional , illustrated book by Jack London chronicling his sailing adventure in 1907 across the south Pacific in his ketch the Snark .
The Shanghai Moon is a Lydia Chin / Bill Smith mystery novel by S. J. Rozan .
Joshua Son of None is a 1973 political thriller by Nancy Freedman .
The Twelve and the Genii , or The Return of the Twelves in the U.S. , is a low fantasy novel for children by Pauline Clarke , first published by Faber in 1962 with illustrations by Cecil Leslie .
The Jesus Dynasty is a book written by James Tabor in which he develops the hypothesis that the original Jesus movement was a dynastic one , with the intention of overthrowing the rule of Herod Antipas ; that Jesus of Nazareth was a royal messiah , while his cousin John the Baptist planned to be a priestly messiah .
Morale scolarium is a book of mildly satirical elegiac poems composed in Latin in 1241 by Johannes de Garlandia , an English grammarian who taught at the universities of Toulouse and Paris .
From A to X is a novel written by John Berger , published by Verso Books in 2008 .
The Entropy Effect is a novel by Vonda N. McIntyre set in the fictional Star Trek Universe .
Gray Victory is a 1988 alternate history novel by Robert Skimin , taking place in an alternate 1866 where the Confederacy won its independence .
Spell Wars is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts , published on August 3 , 2000 by Element Books and aimed at pre - teens .
`` The Maiden Flight of McCauley 's Bellerophon '' is an award - winning science fiction / magical realism novella by Elizabeth Hand .
Where Angels Fear to Tread ( 1905 ) is a novel by E. M. Forster , originally entitled Monteriano .
Amadeus is a play by Peter Shaffer , which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri .
The Amber Witch is a German novel published by Wilhelm Meinhold ( 1797 - -1851 ) in 1838 .
The Day of the Owl ( Italian : Il giorno della civetta ) is a crime novel about the Mafia by Leonardo Sciascia , finished in 1960 and published in 1961 .
The Sheikh and the Dustbin is the third and last collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser , featuring a young Scottish officer named Dand MacNeill .
Mary and the Giant is an early , non - science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick in the years between 1953 and 1955 , but not published until 1987 .
Ray McKibben ( October 27 , 1945 or 1946 -- December 6 , or December 8 , 1968 ) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Stig Claesson 's work has received many awards , such as the literature prize of the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet and the Selma Lagerlöf Prize .
Jean Stafford ( July 1 , 1915 -- March 26 , 1979 ) was an American short story writer and novelist , who won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford in 1970 .
Rustam Kasimdzhanov ( Uzbek : Rustam Qosimjonov ; Russian : Рустам Касымджанов ; born 5 December 1979 ) is an Uzbek chess Grandmaster , best known for winning the FIDE World Chess Championship in 2004 .
Dinesh Chandra Bhandary ( born August 4 , 1934 ) is a Group Captain in the Indian Air Force who was awarded the Vir Chakra , The third highest military decoration in India for the services rendered by him during the Indo - Pakistani War of 1971 .
Marc Elder ( Marcel Tendron ) ( 31 October 1884 , Nantes -- 16 August 1933 , Saint - Fiacre - sur - Maine ) was a French writer , winner of the Prix Goncourt for The People of the Sea .
Bartłomiej Heberla ( born 19 June 1985 ) , in Rybnik is a Polish chess Grandmaster ( 2006 ) and currently one of the leading Polish players .
Eugénio de Andrade received numerous awards including the Prize of the Associação Portuguesa de Escritores ( 1986 ) , Prize D. Dinis from Casa de Mateus Foundation ( 1988 ) , the Great Poetry Prize of the Portuguese Association of Writers ( 1989 ) and the Camões Prize ( 2001 ) .
Lim Seng Hoo ( born 1956 ) is a Singaporean chess International Master .
Like Hakkasan , Yauatcha gained a Michelin star rating in 2005 , which it has retained .
Prince Michał Hieronim Radziwiłł ( 1744 - 1831 ) was a Polish nobleman , politician , diplomat and Knight of the Order of the White Eagle ( awarded on September 7 , 1773 ) .
Jóhann Hjartarson ( born 8 February 1963 in Reykjavík ) is a chess Grandmaster from Iceland .
Joshua Sweeney is an American gold medal sledge hockey player and Purple Heart recipient who competed in 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi , Russia .
Hans - Hartwig Trojer ( 22 January 1916 -- 27 September 1943 ) was a German U - Boat commander in World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
In 2011 , the original Alice Cooper band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Wing Commander John Marlow Thompson , DFC , Reserve of Air Force Officers awarded the Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) This officer has a fine operational record .
Hell 's Hinges has been selected for preservation in the National Film Registry , and is considered by some to be one of the finest silent Westerns .
Dolarrai Mankad , ( Hindi : डोलरराय मांकद Gujarati : ડોલરરાય માંકડ ; 23 January 1902 -- 29 August 1970 ) , full name Dolarrai Rangildas Mankad , was a Gujarati critic , researcher and poet who won the 1964 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for his essay Naivedya .
N. Gopalaswami is a former Chief Election Commissioner of India ( CEC ) who has been awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2015 .
Ian Swingland was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the New Year Honours List for 2007 for his services to conservation .
In 1949 , a special act of Congress was passed to award the Distinguished Flying Cross to Roscoe Turner , who received it on August 14 , 1952 at the Pentagon .
Nisha Millet , and the Arjuna Award winner , was the only woman in the 2000 Sydney Olympics swim team for India .
After its restoration in 2000 , `` The Dickson Experimental Sound Film '' was selected for inclusion in the United States National Film Registry .
Corporal Jason Lamont , MMV is a Canadian soldier who was among the first recipients of the Medal of Military Valour , a Canadian military decoration , in recognition of actions under enemy fire in Afghanistan .
Peter Zumthor ( born 26 April 1943 ) is a Swiss architect and winner of the 2009 Pritzker Prize and 2013 RIBA Royal Gold Medal .
On March 8 , 2007 , the U.S. Department of State honored Susana Trimarco with the International Women of Courage Award , conferred by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
In 1990 , Rebel Without a Cause was added to Library of Congress 's National Film Registry as being deemed `` culturally , historically , and aesthetically significant '' .
Dan Bucatinsky ( born September 22 , 1965 ) is an American actor , writer and producer , best known for his role as James Novak in the Shonda Rhimes drama series Scandal , for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series in 2013 .
1 January 1969 Wing Commander Michael Horace Miller was awarded the Air Force Cross .
Gilbert Motier de La Fayette ( 1380 -- 22 February 1462 ) Lord of La Fayette , Pontgibaud , Ayes , Nébouzac , Saint - Romain and Monteil Gelat was a Marshal of France He was brought up at the court of Louis II , Duke of Bourbon .
General Sir Walter Norris Congreve VC KCB MVO DL ( 20 November 1862 -- 28 February 1927 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Georg Schewe ( 24 November 1909 -- 16 September 1989 ) was a famous Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Subramaniam Raman , born in Chennai , is an Arjuna Award table tennis player .
Ivar Giaever ( Norwegian : Giæver , IPA : ( ˈiːvɑr ˈjeːvər ) ; born April 5 , 1929 ) is a Norwegian - American physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 with Leo Esaki and Brian Josephson `` for their discoveries regarding tunnelling phenomena in solids '' .
In 1939 , Rena Galibova was awarded the title of Merited Artist of Tajikistan and in 1941 she was given the title of People 's Artist of Tajikistan as well as the Order of Lenin after she performed in front of Joseph Stalin and he was very impressed by her talent .
Heinz Edhofer ( 15 December 1917 -- 27 May 1978 ) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
William Heffernan has received the Edgar Award , is a member of the Authors Guild , The Mystery Writers of America , and was once President of the International Association of Crime Writers .
Lieutenant Colonel Harold Marcus Ervine - Andrews VC ( 29 July 1911 -- 30 March 1995 ) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Philippe Antoine d'Ornano , 1st Comte d'Ornano ( January 17 , 1784 - October 13 , 1863 ) was a French soldier and political figure who rose to the rank of Marshal of France .
Louis Charles Birch FAA ( 8 February 1918 in Melbourne -- 19 December 2009 ) was an Australian geneticist specialising in population ecology and was also well known as a theologian , writing widely on the topic of science and religion , winning the Templeton Prize in 1990 .
Heinrich Rohrer ( 6 June 1933 -- 16 May 2013 ) was a Swiss physicist who shared half of the 1986 Nobel Prize in Physics with Gerd Binnig for the design of the scanning tunneling microscope ( STM ) .
Vladimir Eljanov ( 8 May 1951 -- 19 October 2013 ) was a Ukrainian chess International Master , Honoured Coach of Ukraine , FIDE Senior Trainer ( 2013 ) and chess book publisher .
William P. Thompson ( January 11 , 1844-October 7 , 1864 ) was a sergeant in the American Civil War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor for action at Battle of the Wilderness during which he was killed on May 6 , 1864 with an award being issued to him on December 1 , 1864 .
Often considered one of the greatest martial arts films of all time , in 2004 , Enter the Dragon was deemed `` culturally , historically , and aesthetically significant '' in the United States and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress .
For `` The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha , '' Lysheha and his co - translator James Brasfield from Penn State University , received the 2000 PEN Award for Poetry in Translation published by the Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute .
Tania Sachdev ( born 20 August 1986 in Delhi ) is an Indian chess player , who holds the FIDE titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster .
Vice Admiral Nilakanta Krishnan Padma Bhushan , DSC , PVSM ( 1919 -- January 1982 ) , was the Flag Officer Commanding in Chief of the Eastern Naval Command of the Indian Navy during the 1971 Indo - Pakistani War .
Distinguished Service Order ( 4 March 1918 ) Second Lieutenant ( Temporary Captain ) Brian Edmund Baker , MC , General List and Royal Flying Corps .
Sivaramakrishna Chandrasekhar ( 6 August 1930 -- 8 March 2004 ) was an Indian physicist who won the Royal Medal in 1994 .
William C. Bryan , ( 1852 - 1933 ) was a United States Army officer that received the Medal of Honor .
Major General Sir Henry Hugh Clifford VC KCMG CB ( 12 September 1826 -- 12 April 1883 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Sri Lanka Sikhamani Sunna Deniya Gunadasa ( known as S. D. Gunadasa or Dasa Mudalali ) was a Sri Lankan business magnate who brought the concept of the supermarket to Sri Lanka in 1977 .
Joseph Watt , VC ( 25 June 1887 -- 13 February 1955 ) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Pascal Caffet is a World - Champion and Meilleur Ouvrier de France French pastry confectioner and chocolate maker .
Peng Zhaoqin ( Simplified Chinese : 彭肇勤 ; born 8 May 1968 in Guangzhou , Guangdong ) is a Chinese - born Dutch chess player , who has the FIDE title of Grandmaster , which was awarded in October 2004 .
Charles Mackerras was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 1974 New Year Honours , and was knighted in the 1979 New Year Honours .
Leo James Rainwater ( December 9 , 1917 -- May 31 , 1986 ) was an American physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1975 for his part in determining the asymmetrical shapes of certain atomic nuclei .
Eva Repková ( born 16 January 1975 in Stará Ľubovňa ) is a Slovak chess player holding the FIDE titles of International Master ( IM ) and Woman Grandmaster ( WGM ) .
Paul Grüninger ( 27 October 1891 - 22 February 1972 ) was a Swiss police commander in St. Gallen , a football player , and a Righteous Among the Nations .
In the fall of 1945 , while still at Oak Ridge , Lt . Col . Richard W. Cook was awarded the Legion of Merit for his work on the A - Bomb Project .
Juan José Millás ( born 1946 ) is a Spanish writer and winner of the 1990 Premio Nadal .
Nicholas Pert ( also known as Nick Pert ; born 22 January 1981 ) is an English chess player who holds the title Grandmaster .
Piotr Murdzia ( born 20 February 1975 in Gdańsk ) is a Polish chess International Master ( IM ) , International Solving Grandmaster and seven - time World Chess Solving Champion .
Stephie D'Souza was the first woman to win the Arjuna Award presented by the Government of India .
On 21 September 2010 , the Board of the Carnegie Foundation announced that Peace One Day and Jeremy Gilley would be the recipient of the Wateler Peace Prize .
Alexander Kochyev ( Russian : Александр Кочиев ; born March 25 , 1956 , Saint Petersburg ) is a Russian chess Grandmaster ( 1977 ) .
Dr. Horst Patuschka ( 22 May 1912 -- 6 March 1943 ) was a German Luftwaffe night fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Goodnight , Vienna ( also known as Magic Night ) is a 1932 British musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Jack Buchanan , Anna Neagle and Gina Malo .
Ultimate Deception , also known as `` Ultimate Betrayal '' , is a 1999 made - for - TV movie drama starring Yasmine Bleeth and Richard Grieco , who were living together in real life at the time the film was produced .
Devil and Angel ( Chinese : 恶棍天使 ) is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed by Yu Baimei and Deng Chao and starring Deng Chao and Sun Li .
The Adventure of Mr. Philip Collins ( German : Herrn Filip Collins Abenteuer ) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Johannes Guter and starring Georg Alexander , Ossi Oswalda and Elisabeth Pinajeff .
A workplace ensemble comedy , Stacked revolves around Skyler Dayton ( Pamela Anderson ) who is tired of her non - stop partying lifestyle and bad choices in boyfriends .
By Cyrene , Apollo had a son named Aristaeus , who became the patron god of cattle , fruit trees , hunting , husbandry and bee - keeping .
Xerxes I was the eldest son of Atossa and Darius .
Chandan Dass is married to Yamini Dass and has one son , Namit Das , who is an actor and singer .
Åsta Gudbrandsdatter ( c. 975/980 -- c. 1020/1030 ) was the mother of two Norwegian kings , King Olaf II of Norway and King Harald III of Norway .
Gao Wei , who formally passed the throne to his son Gao Heng , was captured while trying to flee to Chen Dynasty , and later that year , the Northern Zhou emperor executed him and almost all members of his clan .
Lieutenant James Victor Gascoyne DFC ( 25 May 1892 -- 1976 ) was an English World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories .
At the outbreak of World War I , on August 3 , 1914 , Kiffin Rockwell offered his services to France by letter , which he wrote with his brother Paul , to the French Consul - General in New Orleans .
Wolfgang Kretzschmar ( 2 July 1907 -- 27 December 1944 ) was a German officer serving during World War II and recipient of the coveted Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern ) .
Robert Blume ( November 19 , 1868 - -September 16 , 1937 ) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions .
Edmund Brooke Alexander ( October 6 , 1802 -- January 3 , 1888 ) was an officer in the United States Army in the Mexican - American War through the American Civil War who rose to the rank of brevet Brigadier General in 1865 .
Horst Rudat ( born 3 May 1920 in Wirtkallen , district Insterburg , East Prussia ; died 31 August 1982 in Laaber / Waldelzerberg ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot .
Commandant Fernand Bonneton was a French World War I flying ace credited with nine confirmed aerial victories .
Georg Staats ( 13 March 1916 in Bremen -- 12 November 1943 in the Bay of Biscay ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
The Henschel Hs 293 was a World War II German anti - ship guided missile : a radio - controlled glide bomb with a rocket engine slung underneath it .
Irving Goff ( 1900 - 17 May 1989 ) was a member of the Communist Party USA and the Abraham Lincoln Battalion , a unit that volunteered to fight during the Spanish Civil War for the Popular Front .
Leutnant Max Näther ( 24 August 1899 -- 8 January 1919 ) Royal House Order of Hohenzollern , Iron Cross , was a German World War I ace fighter pilot noted for the destruction of ten enemy observation balloons and sixteen aircraft .
Samuel Ovenshine was a United States Army officer who served as a brigadier general during the Philippine-- American War .
The Army of Northern Virginia was the primary military force of the Confederate States of America in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War , as well as the primary command structure of the Department of Northern Virginia .
William Joseph Franks ( 1830 -- April 18 , 1880 ) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the American Civil War .
Henry Shutes ( 1804 -- September 10 , 1889 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Battle of Forts Jackson and St. Philip and an 1863 engagement with Fort McAllister , Georgia .
Major Archibald Alexander Gordon CBE , MVO , Order of Leopold , Legion of Honour ( 1867 -- 12 August 1949 ) was a British soldier who served as attaché to the Military Household of King Albert I of Belgium during World War I , with the title of Belgian King 's Messenger .
Carlos Asensio Cabanillas ( 14 November 1896 , Madrid -- 1969 , Madrid ) was a Spanish soldier and statesman who served during the Spanish Civil War , rising in command from Colonel to General in Franco 's Army of Africa .
Marder III was the name for a series of World War II German tank destroyers .
Paul Wilkins Kendall ( July 17 , 1898 - October 3 , 1983 ) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Army , who served during World War I , World War II and Korean War .
Jean - Baptiste Jeanin ( 22 January 1771 in Val - d'Épy -- 2 May 1830 ) was a French military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars , and a brigadier general during the Peninsular War .
Charles Sidney Winder ( October 18 , 1829 -- August 9 , 1862 ) , was a career United States Army officer and a Confederate general officer in the American Civil War .
Juan Aldama ( January 3 , 1774 in San Miguel el Grande , Guanajuato -- June 26 , 1811 in Chihuahua ) was a Mexican revolutionary rebel soldier during the Mexican War of Independence in 1810 .
László Deák ( 1891 - -1946 ) was a Hungarian army officer who served in World War I and World War II . He was accused and convicted of war crimes due to his involvement in the massacre of Serbian and Jewish civilians during the Axis armies ' invasion of Yugoslavia .
Philip De Witt Ginder ( September 19 , 1905 - November 7 , 1968 ) was an American career , highly decorated soldier who rose to the rank of Major General during the Korean War , while commanding 45th Infantry `` Thunderbird '' Division .
Second Lieutenant Bruce Digby - Worsley was a World War I British flying ace credited with 16 aerial victories between June and September 1918 .
After World War II Teme Sejko rose rapidly through the ranks of the Albanian army , becoming in 1958 rear - admiral of the Albanian navy .
Nikolaos Petimezas ( Greek : Νικόλαος Πετιμεζάς , 1790 - -1865 ) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence , politician and officer of the Hellenic Gendarmerie .
Antoine Maurin ( 19 December 1771 -- 4 October 1830 ) commanded a French cavalry division in 1814 during the Napoleonic Wars and in 1815 led his troops against the Prussians at Ligny where he was wounded .
Barahir fought at the Dagor Bragollach , in which the armies of the enemy Morgoth defeated the Elves and Men of the northern realms of Beleriand , including Barahir 's land Ladros .
Bruno Albert Forsterer ( July 14 , 1869 -- June 13 , 1957 ) was a U.S. Marine Sergeant who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine-- American War for `` distinguished conduct in the presence of the enemy at Samoa , Philippine Islands , April 1 , 1899 . ''
Ioannis Kolettis ( Greek : Ιωάννης Κωλέττης ) ( 1773 - 1847 ) was a Greek politician who played a significant role in Greek affairs from the Greek War of Independence through the early years of the Greek Kingdom , including as Minister to France and serving twice as Prime Minister .
Major Mariappan Saravanan ( 10 August 1972 -- 29 May 1999 ) , was an officer in the prestigious Bihar Regiment of the Indian Army who was killed during the Kargil War .
Karl Emil Schäfer ( 17 December 1891 -- 5 June 1917 ) was a German pilot during World War I ; he became one of the major German flying aces of the war , with 30 confirmed aerial victories .
General Werner Kempf ( 9 March 1886 -- 6 January 1964 ) was a Panzer General in the German army during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( mit Eichenlaub ) .
Lieutenant Jacques Michael Swaab ( 21 April 1894 -- 7 July 1963 ) was an American World War I flying ace with the 22nd Aero Squadron who was credited with ten victories .
Max Clifford Stormes ( 27 July 1903 - 15 November 1942 ) was a World War II American naval commander .
Captain Robert H. Moore was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War , shooting down five enemy aircraft in the war , all as a member of the 51st Fighter Interceptor Wing .
Rear - Admiral Sir Thomas Ussher KCH CB ( 1779 -- 6 January 1848 ) was an Anglo - Irish officer of the British Royal Navy who served with distinction during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , and who in 1814 conveyed Napoleon Bonaparte into exile in Elba .
Leo Mustonen was a Finnish - American World War II Army Air Corps aviation cadet who was reported missing after a plane crash on November 18 , 1942 until his frozen remains were found in October 2005 on the surface of the Mendel Glacier in the Sierra Nevada mountain range , 63 years later .
William Ludlow ( November 27 , 1843 -- August 30 , 1901 ) was an officer in the Corps of Engineers and a major general in the United States Army who served in the Civil War , Plains Indian Wars , the Spanish-- American War , and led a scientific expedition examining the natural wonders of Yellowstone National Park .
Hauptmann Rudolf Henne ( 10 September 1913 -- 5 October 1962 ) was a Luftwaffe Bomber Ace in the German Luftwaffe during World War II in Staffelkapitän of the 9 .
Newton Martin Curtis ( May 21 , 1835 -- January 8 , 1910 ) was a Union officer during the American Civil War and a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York .
Paul Brasack ( 9 May 1916 -- 11 March 2013 ) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of U-737 .
Walter Thorn ( November 18 , 1844 -- July 20 , 1920 ) was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War .
Alain Blanchard ( born 14th century , executed in Rouen in 1419 ) was a commander of the crossbowmen of Rouen during the Hundred Years ' War .
Captain Nikolay Sutyagin ( 5 May 1923 - 12 November 1986 ) was a Soviet fighter pilot in the Second World War and the Korean War .
Walter Goodale Morrill ( November 13 , 1840 -- March 3 , 1935 ) was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Second Battle of Rappahannock Station .
Gilberto Bosques Saldívar ( b. Chiautla de Tapia , Puebla , 20 July 1892 -- 4 July 1995 ) was a Mexican career diplomat and before that a combatant in the Mexican Revolution and a leftist legislator .
Tommaso Caracciolo , Count of Roccarainola ( 10 March 1572 -- 5 December 1631 ) , was among others a Field Marshal who commanded parts of the Spanish forces in the Thirty Years ' War .
Louis - Gaston de Sonis ( 1825 - 1887 ) was a French Army officer who particularly distinguished himself in the battle of Loigny during the Franco - Prussian War , where he lost a leg .
General Rowland Hill , 1st Viscount Hill , GCB GCH ( 11 August 1772 -- 10 December 1842 ) was a British army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars as a trusted brigade , division and corps commander under the command of the Duke of Wellington .
Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg ( 22 October 1763 -- 20 January 1834 ) was the fifth son of Frederick II Eugene , Duke of Württemberg and a Habsburg Austrian general during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars .
James H. Luther ( January 24 , 1841 -- March 3 , 1916 ) was a private in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
Sergeant James Fegan ( 1827 -- June 25 , 1886 ) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 2nd and 3rd U.S. Infantry during the American Civil War , and Indian Wars .
USS Flusser ( 1864 ) was a schooner captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Freddie Stowers ( January 12 , 1896 -- September 28 , 1918 ) was an African American corporal in the United States Army who was killed in action during World War I , while serving in an American unit under French command ..
Reuben Walker Carswell ( September 29 , 1837 -- January 11 , 1889 ) was a lawyer , member of the Georgia State Legislature , Confederate States Army lieutenant colonel and brigadier general in the Georgia militia during the American Civil War , and , after the war , a lawyer and judge .
Hans Müller , also known as Hans Müller von Bulgenbach , ( † 12 August 1525 in Habsburg - Laufenburg ) , was a peasant leader during the German Peasants ' War .
Oscar Randolph Fladmark ( June 23 , 1922 -- July 27 , 1955 ) was an American fighter pilot who flew 164 `` no - injury '' combat missions in World War II and the Korean War .
Henry M. Fox ( November 15 , 1844 -- March 3 , 1923 ) was a Union soldier during the American Civil War , and a Medal of Honor recipient .
Paul St. Clair Murphy ( July 7 , 1850 -- November 9 , 1931 ) was an American officer serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Spanish-- American War .
Tenente Luigi Olivari was a World War I flying ace who claimed 19 aerial victories .
Charles Grymes McCawley ( January 29 , 1827 -- October 13 , 1891 ) was the eighth Commandant of the Marine Corps and served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the Mexican - American War and the American Civil War .
Henry Warner Slocum ( September 24 , 1827 -- April 14 , 1894 ) , was a Union general during the American Civil War and later served in the United States House of Representatives from New York .
Adjutant Maurice Bizot was a French World War I flying ace credited with ten confirmed aerial victories .
Captain William Victor Trevor Rooper ( 10 May 1897 -- 9 October 1917 ) was a British World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories , before becoming Xavier Dannhuber 's seventh victim .
Reuben D. Mussey , Jr. ( often called RD Mussey ) ( May 30 , 1833 - -May 29 , 1892 ) was a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War and a distinguished lawyer .
Andrew Edward McKeever DSO , MC & Bar , DFC ( 21 August 1894 -- 25 December 1919 ) was a Canadian World War I two - seater flying ace who , in conjunction with his gunners , was credited with 31 victories .
The Haganah became a full - scale defense force after the 1936 - -1939 Arab revolt in Palestine with an organized structure , consisting of three main units -- the Field Corps , Guard Corps , and the Palmach strike force .
Colonel Carlos Betances Ramírez ( July 8 , 1910 -- October 28 , 2001 ) , was the only Puerto Rican to command a Battalion in the Korean War .
The SS Nerissa was a passenger and cargo steamer which was torpedoed and sunk on 30 April 1941 during World War II by German U - boat U-552 following 39 wartime voyages between Canada and Britain .
Edward Francis Lynch ( 1897 -- 12 September 1980 ) was a private in the First Australian Imperial Force who saw action in World War I on the Western Front between 1916 and 1919 .
Emil Meinecke joined the German military aviation effort when World War I began in 1914 .
The first USS Sovereign ( 1855 ) was a 336-ton steamer captured on the Mississippi River by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War .
Jan Willem de Winter ( 23 March 1761 -- 2 June 1812 ) was a Dutch admiral of the Napoleonic Wars .
Eugene Asa Carr ( March 20 , 1830 -- December 2 , 1910 ) was a soldier in the United States Army and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Turkey Tayac fought in World War I in France as a part of the Rainbow Division , originally made up of National Guard units to mobilize quickly .
Sergeant First Class Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith ( July 27 , 1935 -- February 16 , 1967 ) born in Wahiawa , Hawaii , was a United States Army soldier , of Hispanic - Asian descent , who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War .
Juan Bautista Cabral ( ca . 1789 -- 3 February 1813 ) was an Argentine soldier of the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers who died in the Battle of San Lorenzo , while he was aiding then Colonel Don José de San Martín , whose horse had fallen to enemy fire .
Segismundo Casado López ( 1893 , Nava de la Asunción , Segovia -- 1968 , Madrid ) was a Spanish Army officer in the Second Spanish Republic during the Spanish Civil War , commanding the Republican Spanish Army in 1939 .
37 Tauri ( 37 Tau ) is a star in the constellation Taurus .
Open Cluster M39 ( also known as Messier Object 39 , Messier 39 , M39 , or NGC 7092 ) is an open cluster in the constellation Cygnus .
NGC 3432 is a spiral galaxy that can be found in the constellation Leo Minor .
Eta Sagittarii ( Eta Sgr , η Sagittarii , η Sgr ) is a binary star system in the southern zodiac constellation of Sagittarius .
Epsilon Doradus ( ε Dor ) is a star located in the constellation Dorado .
HR 2554 , also known as V415 Carinae and A Carinae , is an eclipsing spectroscopic binary of the Algol type in the constellation of Carina whose apparent visual magnitude varies by 0.06 magnitudes and is approximately 4.39 at maximum brightness .
The Horsehead Nebula ( also known as Barnard 33 ) is a dark nebula in the constellation Orion .
HD 9446 c is an exoplanet discovered in 2010 orbiting the star HD 9446 in the constellation Triangulum , 53 parsecs from Earth .
HD 91312 ( HR 4132 , HIP 51658 ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major .
HD 134335 is a giant star in the northern constellation of Boötes .
WASP-15 is a magnitude 11 star located about 1000 light - years away in the constellation Hydra .
Kepler-42 , formerly known as KOI-961 , is a red dwarf located in the constellation Cygnus and approximately 126 light years from the Sun . It has three known extrasolar planets , all of which are smaller than Earth in radius , and likely also in mass .
HD 17156 is a yellow subgiant star approximately 240 light - years away in the constellation of Cassiopeia .
The Veil Nebula is a cloud of heated and ionized gas and dust in the constellation Cygnus .
Theta Herculis ( θ Her , θ Herculis ) is a fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Hercules .
XO-5b is an extrasolar planet approximately 850 light years away in the constellation of Lynx .
2MASS J02431371 - 2453298 ( abbreviated to 2MASS 0243 - 2453 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T6 , located in the constellation Fornax about 34.84 light - years from Earth .
HD 117440 , also known by its Bayer designation d Centauri ( d Cen ) , is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus .
32 Tauri is the Flamsteed designation for a solitary star in the zodiac constellation of Taurus .
HD 73267 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 177 light - years away in the constellation of Pyxis , orbiting the 9th magnitude G - type main sequence star HD 73267 .
NGC 428 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Cetus ( The Sea Monster ) , with its spiral structure distorted and warped , possibly the result of the collision of two galaxies .
65 Aquarii ( abbreviated 65 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
Epsilon Herculis ( ε Her , ε Herculis ) is a fourth - magnitude spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Hercules .
NGC 4634 is a spiral galaxy located about 70 million light - years from the Sun in the constellation of Coma Berenices .
Epsilon Cephei ( ε Cep , ε Cep ) is a Class F0 , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Cepheus .
N Centauri ( N Cen ) is a double star in the constellation Centaurus .
26 Boötis ( 26 Boo , 26 Bootis ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
PSR B1257 + 12 C , alternatively designated PSR B1257 + 12 d , also named Phobetor , is an extrasolar planet approximately 980 light - years away in the constellation of Virgo .
Markarian 's Chain is a stretch of galaxies that forms part of the Virgo Cluster .
HD 69142 is an orange giant star in the constellation Puppis .
72 Aquarii ( abbreviated 72 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
RW Cephei is an orange hypergiant star in the constellation Cepheus .
3 Centauri is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus .
MACHO-1997-BLG-41 , commonly abbreviated as 97-BLG-41 or MACHO-97-BLG-41 , was a gravitational microlensing event located in Sagittarius which occurred in July 1999 .
The Canis - Minorids are a meteor shower that arise from the direction of the constellation Canis Minor .
HD 187123 is an 8th magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 156 light - years away in the constellation of Cygnus .
HD 125612 is a yellow main sequence star located approximately 180 light years away in the constellation Virgo .
HD 195019 ( HIP 100970 , SAO 106138 ) is a star system in the constellation of Delphinus .
18 Scorpii is a solitary star located at a distance of some 45.3 light - years ( 13.9 parsecs ) from Earth at the northern edge of the Scorpius constellation .
The Arches Cluster is the densest known star cluster in the Milky Way located about 100 light years from its center , in the constellation Sagittarius ( The Archer ) , 25,000 light - years from Earth .
NGC 4261 is an elliptical galaxy located behind the Virgo Cluster in the W - cloud .
HD 105382 ( also known as V863 Cen ) is a slowly pulsating B star in the constellation Centaurus .
NGC 6304 is a globular cluster in the constellation Ophiuchus .
36 Comae Berenices ( 36 Com ) is a red giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices .
Phi Ophiuchi ( φ Oph ) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus .
Palomar 2 is a globular cluster located in the constellation of Auriga .
Arp 272 is a pair of colliding galaxies consisting of the two spiral galaxies NGC 6050 and IC 1179 and lies around 450 million light years from Earth in the constellation of Hercules .
18 Tauri ( 18 Tau ) is a blue main - sequence star in the constellation Taurus .
HD 93083 is an 8th magnitude star located approximately 91 light years away in the southern constellation of Antlia .
Iota Capricorni ( ι Cap , ι Capricorni ) is a star in the constellation Capricornus .
La Superba ( Y CVn , Y Canum Venaticorum ) is a variable star in the constellation Canes Venatici , well known for its strikingly red appearance .
61 Ursae Majoris ( 61 UMa ) is an orange - yellow G8 main - sequence star in the constellation Ursa Major .
54 Persei ( 54 Per ) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Perseus .
21 Cancri ( 21 Cnc ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
Mz 3 ( Menzel 3 ) is a young bipolar planetary nebula in the constellation Norma that is composed of a bright core and four distinct high - velocity outflows that have been named lobes , columns , rays , and chakram .
Gliese 710 is a star in the constellation Serpens Cauda with an apparent visual magnitude of 9.69 .
NGC 1868 is a globular cluster in the Large Magellanic Cloud in the constellation Dorado .
XTE J1739 - 285 is a neutron star , in the constellation Ophiuchus , situated approximately 39,000 light - years from Earth .
RR Coronae Borealis ( RR CrB , HD 140297 , HIP 76844 ) is a M3-type semiregular variable star located in the constellation Corona Borealis with a parallax of 2.93mas being a distance of 341 parsecs ( 1,110 ly ) .
After the initial name of Serpens , it was subsequently catalogued as Palomar 5 .
53 Piscium , also known as AG Piscium , is a binary star in the constellation Pisces .
HD 128311 or HN Boötis is an orange main - sequence star located approximately 54 light - years away in the constellation of Boötes .
67 Ophiuchi ( 67 Oph ) is a Class B5 fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Ophiuchus .
HD 125595 is a 9th magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 89 light years away in the constellation Centaurus .
NGC 2787 is a barred lenticular galaxy approximately 24 million light - years away in the constellation Ursa Major .
M Centauri ( M Cen ) is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus .
Sigma Centauri ( σ Cen , σ Centauri ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
Lambda Chamaeleontis ( l Cha ) , is a star located in the constellation Musca .
HD 190984 b ( also known as HIP 99496 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the F - type main sequence star HD 190984 , located approximately 330 light years away in the constellation Pavo .
HD 173791 ( 30 G. Telescopium ) is a giant star in the constellation Telescopium , located about 358 light - years ( 110 parsecs ) from Earth .
Gliese 849 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 29 light years away in the constellation of Aquarius .
NGC 206 is a bright star cloud in the Andromeda Galaxy .
1 Pegasi ( 1 Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
28 Cygni ( 28 Cyg ) is a star in the constellation Cygnus .
V1280 Scorpii ( or Nova Scorpii 2007 ) is a nova observed in February 2007 in the constellation Scorpius , just south of M62 .
Iota Sagittarii ( Iota Sgr , ι Sagittarii , ι Sgr ) is a star in the constellation Sagittarius .
Tau Geminorum ( τ Gem ) is a star in the northern zodiac constellation of Gemini .
HD 4113 is an 8th magnitude metal rich G5V star located approximately 144 light - years away in the constellation Sculptor .
Beta Trianguli Australis ( β TrA , β Trianguli Australis ) is a double star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Triangulum Australe .
Gliese 758 B ( often shortened to GJ 758 B ) is a brown dwarf orbiting the G - type main sequence star Gliese 758 , located approximately 50 light years away , in the constellation Lyra .
HAT - P-4 is a F9-type main - sequence star in the constellation of Boötes .
BD-08 ° 2823 is a 9.86 magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 137 light years away in the constellation Sextans .
HD 83443 is an orange dwarf star approximately 134 light - years away in the constellation of Vela .
COROT-7 ( TYC 4799 - 1733 - 1 ) is a G - type main sequence star , slightly smaller and cooler than the Sun . It has an apparent magnitude 11.67 , fainter than Proxima Centauri ( mag . 11.05 ) , the nearest star to the Sun . This star is located in the Monoceros constellation .
Chi Aquarii ( χ Aqr , χ Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation of a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Maffei 1 is a giant elliptical galaxy in the constellation Cassiopeia .
S Monocerotis , also known as 15 Monocerotis , is a massive variable star system located in the constellation Monoceros .
NGC 66 is a barred spiral galaxy discovered by Frank Muller in 1886 , and is located in the Cetus constellation .
Koenig Valley ( 77 ° 36′S 160 ° 47′E ) is an ice - free valley just east of Mount Thor in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Foggydog Glacier is a glacier between the Blank Peaks and Mount Rich in the Brown Hills of Antarctica .
Campbell Head is a bold headland on the western side of Oom Bay , Mawson Coast , Antarctica .
Barren Bluff is a prominent rock bluff in the south part of the Sequence Hills along the west side of upper Rennick Glacier , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Derocher Peninsula ( 71 ° 25′S 73 ° 20′W ) is a snow - covered peninsula between Brahms Inlet and Mendelssohn Inlet on the north side of Beethoven Peninsula , Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Taunus Railway ( German : Taunus - Eisenbahn ) is a double - track electrified railway line , which connects Frankfurt and Wiesbaden , Germany .
National University of Civil Engineering , abbreviated as NUCE , formerly `` Ha Noi University of Civil Engineering '' , is one of the leading universities in Vietnam .
The Dinosaur Trail is a name applied to three provincial highways in the province of Alberta , Canada , paralleling the Red Deer River on both sides , from Drumheller to the Bleriot Ferry .
Omar Al - Mukhtar University ( Arabic : جامعة عمر المختار‎ ) started as an Islamic university in Bayda , Libya .
Krasnoufimsky Uyezd ( Russian : Красноуфимский уезд ) was an administrative division ( uyezd ) of Perm Governorate , Russian Empire , which existed in 1781 - 1923 .
Mateo Túnez Grau ( born 21 November 1989 in Navarrés , Valencia , Spain ) is a motorcycle road racer .
Edgar Valdez Villarreal ( born August 11 , 1973 ) also known as La Barbie ( `` The Barbie '' ) , is a Mexican - American , born and raised in the United States , who was arrested near Mexico City in August 2010 on charges related to large scale drug trafficking with the Beltrán - Leyva Cartel .
Ayatollah Muhammad Asif Mohseni ( Persian : آیت‌الله العظمی محمد آصف محسنی‎ ) ( Sheik Mohseni ) ( born 1936 ) is widely considered to be the most powerful Twelver shiite cleric in Afghanistan .
Silke Renk ( born June 30 , 1967 in Querfurt , Saxony - Anhalt ) is a retired javelin thrower from Germany .
Father Fidel Maíz ( March 8 , 1828 in Arroyos y Esteros , Cordillera Department ) was a priest in Paraguay .
Fade Street is a reality television show produced by RTÉ Two in Ireland .
A Times of India critic gave 3.5 out of 5 , claiming that `` even with a sleepy narration in the first 30 minutes or so , Singam is worth a watch . ''
Venezzia is a 2009 Venezuelan drama film based on real events ; the role of Venezuela during World War II and a love story .
Chapea is a bean stew : a very popular dish from the countryside of the Dominican Republic .
What Fun ! is a pop / reggae group based in Haarlem , Netherlands founded in 1981 .
Relic of an Emissary ( Chinese : 洪武三十二 ; literally `` Hongwu 32 '' ) is a 2011 Hong Kong historical fiction television drama serial produced by TVB .
Ishq Be Parwah is an Urdu movie from Pakistan , directed by Altaf Hussein .
Baghala ghatogh or baghali ghatogh ( in Persian : باقلا قاتوق ) is an Iranian dish ( especially the north of Iran ) made with Baghalas ( Rashti faba beans ) , dill , and Eggs .
Ankahi was an Urdu drama serial broadcast by Pakistan Television Corporation ( PTV ) in 1982 .
The People 's Supermarket was visited by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , David Cameron on Monday 14 February 2011 immediately prior to his speech relaunching his flagship Big Society initiative and the creation of the Big Society Bank at Somerset House in central London .
Academy Fantasia ( or True Academy Fantasia , formerly UBC Academy Fantasia ) is a reality show held in Thailand .
Gloves Come Off is a Hong Kong television action drama produced by TVB under executive producer Marco Law .
Rainbow Magic books by Daisy Meadows were the most - borrowed children 's books at libraries in the United Kingdom , and the second - most borrowed books overall at those libraries , for 2010 and 2011 .
Scandal Makers was released in South Korea on 3 December 2008 , and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 473,725 admissions .
Flies graveyard or flies cemetery are nicknames used in various parts of the United Kingdom for sweet pastries filled with currants or raisins , which are the `` flies '' in the `` graveyard '' or `` cemetery '' .
Test the Nation is a television programme , first broadcast in 2001 by BNN in the Netherlands where the concept is owned by Eyeworks Holding who license it to TV production companies around the world .
Tangy Fruits were small edible fruit flavoured round candies , often sold in New Zealand at movie theatres .
Arts Plus was a weekly Lifestyle programme showing the tradition and culture of India .
The Haunting of Helena is 2012 Italian supernatural horror film , written and directed by Christian Bisceglia and filmed in Italy .
The Feast of the Goat is only the second of Vargas Llosa 's novels to be set outside Peru ( the first being The War of the End of the World ) .
The Radio Tycoon ( 播音人 ) is a 1983 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB and starring Chow Yun - fat , Angie Chiu and Michael Miu
Talsu Vēstis is a regional newspaper published in Latvia .
Spaghettieis was created by Dario Fontanella in the late 1960s in Mannheim , Germany .
Produced in France , Magnificent Sinner stars Curd Jürgens as Tsar Alexander II , with Romy Schneider as the schoolgirl Katia who first becomes his mistress , before being elevated to the rank of princess .
Chikuzenni ( 筑前煮 chikuzen - ni ) is a dish that originated from northern Kyushu , Japan , made of braised chicken and vegetables .
Last of the Living is a 2009 New Zealand comedy - horror film written and directed by Logan McMillan .
Tonight with Vincent Browne , ( formerly Nightly News with Vincent Browne ) , is a news analysis , current affairs and politics programme broadcast on Ireland 's TV3 .
Cathare is a goat 's milk cheese from the Languedoc - Roussillon region of France .
The Band 's Visit was Israel 's original Foreign Language Film submission for the 80th Academy Awards , but was rejected by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because it contained over 50 % English dialogue .
La Pivellina is being released in more than 20 countries worldwide ( including USA , Argentina , France , Italy , Brazil , Germany ) .
Police on the Road is a 1991 Hong Kong action police procedural television series produced by TVB and starring Gallen Lo and Wan Yeung - ming .
¡ Que viva la lucha ! is a 2007 film directed and produced by Gustavo Vazquez about Lucha libre in Tijuana , Mexico , considered to be a form of extreme lucha libre .
Birnbrot ( literally pear bread ) or Birnweggen ( literally pear buns ) are a traditional pastry originating in Switzerland with a filling of dried pears .
Cochinita pibil ( also puerco pibil or cochinita con achiote ) is a traditional Mexican slow - roasted pork dish from the Yucatán Península of Mayan origin .
Then on April 30 , 2010 Germany 's Sat.1 aired Die perfekte Minute ( The perfect Minute ) and on June 22 , 2010 Australia 's Seven Network aired Minute to Win It .
`` Aquarela do Brasil '' ( Portuguese : ( akwaˈɾɛlɐ du bɾaˈziw ) , Watercolor of Brazil ) , known in the English - speaking world simply as `` Brazil '' , is one of the most famous Brazilian songs , written by Ary Barroso in 1939 .
Bookaboo is broadcast on CITV in the United Kingdom , ABC2 in Australia , and CBC in Canada .
Schweiz aktuell ( literally `` Switzerland today '' ) is the title of a current affairs show on German - speaking Swiss public channel SRF 1 .
J'irai dormir chez vous ( meaning `` I 'll come sleep in your house '' ) is a French travel documentary series aired in French TV channels Canal+ and France 5 .
Triple & Touch is a song and entertainment duo from Gothenburg , Sweden , consisting of Ken Wennerholm ( born 1959 in Tranås , Småland ) and Göran Rudbo ( born 1959 in Stöde , Medelpad ) .
Plim Plim is a folk song from Argentina .
Bundaberg Rum is a dark rum produced in Bundaberg , Australia .
It was first broadcast on TTV in Taiwan in 1999 and was followed by The Legendary Siblings 2 in 2002 .
The Season of Fate ( Traditional Chinese : 五味人生 , literally The Five Flavors of Life ) is a 2010 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced by Nelson Cheung .
Children of the Stones is a British television drama serial for children produced by HTV in 1976 and broadcast on the United Kingdom 's ITV network in January and February 1977 .
Casa Noble has been the winner of many accolades including `` double gold winner '' of the San Francisco World Spirit Competition in 2007 and 2009 and `` best tequila '' in Mexico by Academia Mexicana del Tequila .
Whiskey - class submarines ( known in the Soviet Union as Projects 613 , 644 , and 665 ) are a class of naval submarines that the Soviet Union built in the early Cold War period .
Casanovas is a Swedish dansband established in 1989 in Vadstena , Sweden .
Galli Galli Sim Sim ( Devanagari : गली गली सिम सिम ) is the Hindi language adaptation of the American children 's television series Sesame Street ( famous for its Muppets ) , for India .
Directed and produced in India , with all - Indian actors , Karunamayudu was seen by many missionaries as one of the most culturally relevant tools for Christian evangelization in India .
Recreating Eden was originally broadcast on HGTV Canada in 2002 , but after two seasons was not renewed .
Manu Rere is a weekly New Zealand television educational show hosted by Kaa Williams .
Serenata en México ( `` Serenade in Mexico '' ) is a 1956 Mexican film .
Kovai Brothers is a 2006 Tamil - language comedy film released in India .
The principal objective of El Siglo Futuro remained the defence of Catholic faith and position of the Church in Spain .
Seven Ages is a historical documentary series that was produced by Araby Productions , in association with The O'Reilly Foundation , for RTÉ and BBC Northern Ireland .
Thieboudienne , ceebu jen , or thiéboudiène is a traditional dish from Senegal .
On 2 May 2011 , a new version of Bananas in Pyjamas , produced by Southern Star Entertainment in full CGI , was premiered on ABC2 in Australia ; it was shown in other countries soon after that date .
Go Quiet was filmed in Reykjavík during New Year , 2010 , and features the festive sights and sounds of New Year 's Eve in Iceland .
Trópico de Sangre ( English : Tropic of Blood ) is a 2010 drama film based on the true story of the Dominican Republic 's historic Mirabal sisters .
Corporate Corridor is a weekly business program on Dawn News that discusses business issues with top executives representing the private , public and government enterprises of Pakistan .
Dragon Fight is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Billy Tang , with a screenplay written by James Yuen , and starring Jet Li .
The Enchanted Journey , released in Japan as Gurikku no Bōken ( グリックの冒険 , lit . The Adventures of Glikko ) , is a 1981 Japanese anime film directed by Hideo Nishimaki and based on the book of the same name by Atsuo Saitō .
Adventures of Mowgli ( Russian : Маугли ; also spelled Maugli ) is an animated feature - length story originally released as five animated shorts of about 20 minutes each between 1967 and 1971 in the Soviet Union .
Beto Rockfeller is often mentioned as a turning point for the telenovela format in Brazil .
Waiting for Caroline is a 1969 Canadian drama film directed by Ron Kelly and produced by the National Film Board of Canada .
Bom Dia São Paulo has 38 years of existence ( started on April 18 , 1977 ) , the first daily morning news in Brazil .
The Politics Show was an hour - long BBC One television political programme broadcast in the United Kingdom on Sundays , broadcasting usually at midday .
Have You Seen Drum Recently ? is a 1989 film which uses photographs from the Drum archives to tell the story of the magazine and documents its contribution to the cultural and political life of South Africa .
La Tormenta ( The Storm ) is a Colombian 2005 telenovela produced by RTI Colombia and broadcast by Telemundo , starring Natalia Streignard and Christian Meier , while Natasha Klauss playing the main villain of the story .
The Voice After Party is a lighthearted chat show reviewing the night 's action in Irish talent show The Voice of Ireland .
Kalimera Ellada ( Greek : Καλημέρα Ελλάδα ; English : Good Morning Greece ) is a television morning program aired by ANT1 in 1992 until 2011 and revived in October 2015 and hosted by Giorgos Papadakis .
In Freedom Park , a squatter settlement in South Africa , a group of HIV - infected former sex - workers , created a network called Tapologo .
Martin After Dark ( later retitled Martin Nievera After Dark ) was a musical - talk TV show broadcast in the Philippines on the GMA Network from 1988 to 1993 and on ABS - CBN from 1993 to 1998 .
The .308 Norma Magnum ( 7.62×65mmBR ) cartridge was created by Nils Kvale at Norma , Sweden .
The CAAE also co - ordinated numerous discussion groups throughout Canada to provide additional channels of public participation for People Talking Back .
NPO Radio 2 is a public - service radio station in the Netherlands , broadcasting chiefly classic hits .
Loureira , Loureiro or Loureiro Blanco is a white wine grape cultivated primarily in Galicia , Spain .
Dumb Ways to Die is an Australian public service announcement campaign by Metro Trains in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia , to promote rail safety .
Twarres is a folk / pop band from the Netherlands who perform songs in both English and their native West Frisian language .
BBC Newsline is the BBC 's regional television news service for Northern Ireland .
Bleu de Gex ( also Bleu du Haut - Jura or Bleu de Septmoncel ) is a creamy , semi - soft blue cheese made from unpasteurized milk in the Jura region of France .
Doggy Poo ( 강아지 똥 , Gangaji ddong ) is a 30-minute stop motion - animated film from South Korea , directed by Kwon Oh - sung , based on Kwon Jung - saeng 's 1968 children 's book Doggy Poo , illustrated by Annie Rose Godsman .
Mast Maja Maadi released on 12 December 2008 in India .
Nadia 's Friends is a documentary which follows filmmaker Chanoch Zeevi as he travels through Israel exploring how Zionism has evolved since he was a child .
Today , one can find Punschkrapfen in most pastry shops and bakeries in Austria .
Pantruca , pancutra or pancucha is a typical food of Chile made with flour .
Once a Cop ( Chinese : 超級計劃 ) is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Stanley Tong and starring Michelle Yeoh .
Cottin SAS is a family held business based in Paris , France .
Vanguard Dutch Marine Limited or VanDutch ( /væn/ /ˈdʌtʃ/ ) is a Netherlands based yacht manufacturing company .
Tank Knights Fortress ( Hangul : 포트리스 , Poteuliseu in short or 무한 전기 포트 리스 , Muhan Jeongi Poteuliseu in full name ) is a Korean - Japanese co - produced animated series by SBS Productions , Dong Woo Animation and Daewon Media of South Korea in partnership with SUNRISE , NAS and Bandai Visual of Japan .
Edward & Mrs. Simpson is a seven - part British television series that dramatises the events leading to the 1936 abdication of King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom , who gave up his throne to marry the twice - divorced American Wallis Simpson .
Although Sytten was one of the first mainstream films in Denmark dealing with explicit nudity and sex ( along with Jeg en kvinde and Halløj i himmelsengen ) , the film provoked little controversy within the country .
The 100 Mile Challenge is a Canadian reality television series produced by Paperny Entertainment and aired on Food Network Canada .
Radio Zamaneh is an independent Persian - language broadcaster that was founded in 2005 , after the parliament of The Netherlands passed a resolution calling for support to free Iranian media .
Véro was a Canadian talk show hosted by Véronique Cloutier ( previously a host of La Fureur ) , which aired on Radio - Canada .
The Spiritual Harmonizers is an urban contemporary gospel group , made up of current and retired postal employees from Richmond , Virginia , United States of America .
Frijj is a brand of milkshake sold mainly in the United Kingdom .
Ultra Protection is a 1999 Hong Kong action crime drama television series produced by TVB and starring Bowie Lam , Mariane Chan , Cheung Siu - fai and Angie Cheung .
Shanghai Blues ( Chinese:上海之夜 ) is a Hong Kong film directed by Tsui Hark , which had its premiere on September 1984 .
It was founded in 1819 in Helsinki , Finland by Russian merchant Nikolai Sinebrychoff ( Russian : Николай Петрович Синебрюхов ) , and is one of the largest breweries in Finland today .
Bakbakan is a boxing television program in the Philippines .
Fantaghirò 2 was later dubbed into multiple languages for foreign television broadcasts and released on home video ( VHS and DVD ) in Italy and in several other countries .
Firstline was a New Zealand morning news programme produced by 3 News , the news division of TV3 .
Eka Peksha Ek ( Devnagari : ' एका पेक्षा एक ' ) is a 1990 Action , comedy , Mystery Marathi film directed by Sachin released in India in 1990 .
Jean - Léonard Touadi ( born 25 January 1959 in Brazzaville , Republic of the Congo ) is a Congolese Italian journalist , author and politician .
The film begins with Sallah Shabati , a Mizrahi Jewish immigrant , arriving with his family in Israel .
La Colonie is a comedy by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux , published in 1750 in the journal Mercure de France .
In United Kingdom , BBC Shop released the 2D DVD edition of Hidden Kingdoms on 27 January 2014 , and the 3D Blu - ray edition on 7 April 2014 .
Y ? was an educational children 's science program shown on the Nine Network in Australia .
The Butterflies of Zagorsk was a documentary produced by the BBC , narrated by Michael Dean , and first broadcast in the United Kingdom in 1990 .
This was n't the last time Salvados openly criticised the Church , as it denounced , this time in a more serious tone , the privileges of the Catholic Church in Spain in the episode Que Dios te lo pague ( `` May God pay you for it '' , aired on April 23 , 2012 ) .
The Singapore Assault Rifle 80 ( SAR 80 ) is an indigenously built , conventional assault rifle from Singapore .
Filmed on a budget of $ 1 million , Yellow Hair 2 was released in South Korea on 21 July 2001 , and received 26,440 admissions in Seoul .
The Squatter 's Son is an Australian film directed by E. I. Cole based on a play which Cole and his company performed throughout Australia .
Breadsticks ( grissini , dipping sticks ) are generally pencil - sized sticks of crisp , dry bread originating in Turin and the surrounding area in Italy .
Women of Times ( Chinese : 至尊红颜 ) is a 20-episode Chinese drama telecast in Singapore in 2006 .
Operatunity Oz was a 2006 talent search , and accompanying four - part television documentary by Simon Target , in which Opera Australia conducted a nationwide search to find someone in Australia without professional opera experience , who could be coached to sing in a staged opera --
Chickpea bread ( Turkish : Nohut ekmeği ) is a type of bread made from chickpea flour from the Albania and Turkey .
Man from Guangdong is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and tells the story of Leung Kan , portrayed by Aaron Kwok , the fictitious son of famed martial artist Leung Foon , whom was a favored disciple of folk hero Wong Fei - hung , portrayed by Shih Kien .
Ohaw or rur is a savory soup of the Ainu people of northern Japan , flavored with fish or animal bones .
Freetime Machos is a Finnish documentary film about the world 's most northerly rugby club called OYUS Rugby based in Oulu , Finland .
Thunder Plot ( Chinese : 惊天大阴谋 ) is a Singaporean action drama produced by Singapore Broadcasting Corporation ( SBC ) ( now MediaCorp ) in 1994 .
Butterfly and Flowers ( Thai : ผีเสื้อและดอกไม้ , or Peesua lae dokmai ) is a 1985 Thai drama film directed by Euthana Mukdasanit , set in Muslim - majority southern Thailand .
Chris and Tad ( aka The Chris and Tad Show ) was formed in 1998 by The Presidents of the United States of America 's Chris Ballew and Young Fresh Fellows ' Tad Hutchison .
In the Netherlands the Serious Request broadcasts and the Glass House have become a national December tradition , that reaches most of the national population .
Krystala is a daily fantasy / sci - fi / adventure / soap opera serial ( superserye / fantaserye ) from the Philippines , where it was produced by and aired on ABS - CBN from October 11 , 2004 to April 22 , 2005 .
The IAI Scout ( known in Israel under its Hebrew name זהבן - `` Oriole '' ) is a reconnaissance unmanned air vehicle developed in Israel in the 1970s by Israel Aircraft Industries as a competitor to the Tadiran Mastiff .
M. Suganth of The Times of India rated it 1.5 out of 5 , saying `` Agadam is a cautionary tale that proves that while digital has made it possible for anyone to make a film , not everyone should make one .
Totally Saturday was an entertainment and audience participation programme aired by the BBC in the United Kingdom .
Cain XVIII ( Russian : Каин XVIII ) is a 1963 film from the Soviet Union , adapted from Evgeny Shvarts ' tale Two friends .
My Mighty - in - Laws ( simplified Chinese : 野蛮亲家 ) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp Channel 8 .
Our Man in Tehran is a Canadian documentary film , profiling the role of Kenneth D. Taylor , Canada 's ambassador to Iran in the 1970s , in resolving the Iran hostage crisis of 1979 - 1980 by engineering the Canadian Caper .
The Gender War ( Swedish : Könskriget ) is a documentary in two parts by journalist Evin Rubar on radical feminism in Sweden and its influence on Swedish politics .
Budak Lapok is a 2007 animated film in Malaysia .
The Map and the Territory was among the most eagerly awaited and discussed novels of the 2010 literary season in France .
Marco Polo Junior Versus the Red Dragon was Australia 's first animated feature film , released in 1972 and directed by Eric Porter .
OCaml ( /oʊˈkæməl/ oh - KAM - əl ) , originally known as Objective Caml , is the main implementation of the Caml programming language , created by Xavier Leroy , Jérôme Vouillon , Damien Doligez , Didier Rémy , Ascánder Suárez and others in 1996 .
Shoot for the Stars is a game show created and produced by Bob Stewart , and aired on the NBC television network .
Diana and Endymion is a painting by Francesco Solimena undertaken from 1705 until 1710 .
OFI Sunday was a British entertainment show hosted by Chris Evans .
Mexican muralist Diego Rivera painted Pan American Unity for the Art in Action exhibition at Treasure Island 's Golden Gate International Exposition ( GGIE ) in San Francisco , California in 1940 .
Mario Aguiñada Carranza ( 1942 -- 25 August 2015 ) was a Salvadoran activist and politician .
Lieutenant - Colonel Orlando Bridgeman , 5th Earl of Bradford DL , JP ( 6 October 1873 -- 21 March 1957 ) , styled Viscount Newport from 1898 to 1915 , was a British peer , Conservative politician and soldier .
Ian Burn ( 29 December 1939 -- 29 September 1993 ) was an influential Australian conceptual artist .
William Ravenscroft ( 1561 -- 27 October 1628 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1586 and 1628 .
Séamus Doyle ( died 30 April 1971 ) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician .
Say a Little Prayer is a children 's film by Richard Lowenstein .
A Distant Trumpet is a 1964 American Western film , the last directed by Raoul Walsh .
French Cops Learning English , originally copyrighted in the United States as French Interpreter Policeman , is a 1908 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès .
Iru Malargal ( Translation : Two Flowers ) is a 1967 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar .
Dinner for Adele ( Czech : Adéla ještě nevečeřela ) is a 1977 Czechoslovak comedy detective film directed by Oldřich Lipský .
Rowdy Inspector is a 1992 Telugu , Action film produced by T. Trivikrama Rao on Vijayalakshmi Art Movie Vijayalakshmi Art Pictures banner , directed by B. Gopal .
I soldi is a 1965 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Gianni Puccini .
Salangeul chajaseo ( 사랑을 찾아서 ) ( In Search of Love , or Looking For Love ) is a 1929 Korean film written , directed , produced , edited by and starring Na Woon - gyu ( 1902 - 1937 ) .
Mesa of Lost Women is a 1953 American low - budget black - and - white science fiction film directed by Ron Ormond and Herbert Tevos from a screenplay by the latter and Orville H. Hampton .
Gopura Vasalile ( In Tamil கோபுர வாசலிலே ) is a 1991 Indian Tamil black comedy film directed by Priyadarshan in his directional debut in Tamil cinema and was produced by Mu .
After the Third Bell is an independent Bollywood film written and directed by Ajay Govind under the banner Sisyphus Rocks Films .
A Question of Honor is a 1915 American short silent film directed by B. Reeves Eason .
Housewives on the Job ( German : Hausfrauen Report international ) is a 1972 German erotic comedy film directed by Ernst Hofbauer , released in 1973 .
Pengejar Angin ( The Wind Chaser ) is a 2011 film by Indonesian director Hanung Bramantyo and starring Qausar Harta Yudana , Mathias Muchus , and Lukman Sardi .
Lafange is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra
Righting Wrongs ( Chinese : 執法先鋒 , aka Above the Law ) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen , who also co - stars .
Giovannona Coscialunga disonorata con onore ( internationally released as Giovannona Long - Thigh ) is a 1973 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Sergio Martino .
Raphael , or The Debauched One ( French : Raphaël ou le Débauché ) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Michel Deville .
The Magnificent Seven Deadly Sins is a 1971 British comedy film directed and produced by Graham Stark .
You Pay Your Money is a 1957 British crime drama film directed by Maclean Rogers .
Thayigintha Devarilla ( Kannada : ತಾಯಿಗಿಂತ ದೇವರಿಲ್ಲ ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Lakshmi Vajramuni .
Qamaran wa Zaytouna ( Arabic : قمران وزيتونة‎ ) ( International title : Two Moons and an Olive ) is a Syrian feature drama film by director Abdellatif Abdelhamid .
Raathriyile Yaathrakkaar is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Venu and produced by Aswathy Suku .
How I Learned to Love Women ( Italian : Come imparai ad amare le donne , French : Comment j'ai appris à aimer les femmes , German : Das gewisse Etwas der Frauen , also known as Love Parade ) is a 1966 Italian - French - German comedy film directed by Luciano Salce .
Anteojito y Antifaz , mil intentos y un invento ( English title : Anteojito and Antifaz , A Thousand Attempts and One Invention ) is a 1972 Argentine animated comedy - drama film written and directed by Manuel García Ferré .
Hello , Everybody ! is a 1933 American Pre - Code musical film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Lawrence Hazard , Fannie Hurst and Dorothy Yost .
Spotted Dog Running at the Edge of the Sea ( Russian : Пегий пёс , бегущий краем моря , translit . Pegiy pyos , Begushchiy kraem morya ) is a 1991 Soviet drama film directed by Karen Gevorkian .
Golmaal 3 is a 2010 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Rohit Shetty and the sequel to the 2008 film Golmaal Returns and the third film in the Golmaal series .
The Tattooed Widow ( Swedish : Den tatuerade änkan ) is a Swedish Emmy Award winning TV movie from 1998 , written and directed by Lars Molin .
Per amore di Poppea ( For the Love of Poppaea ) is a 1977 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti and set in ancient Rome .
Varuvan Vadivelan ( Tamil : வருவான் வடிவேலன் ) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar .
The 1 Second Film began as a student project by Nirvan Mullick in 2001 while at California Institute of the Arts .
Gang of Ghosts is a 2014 Hindi paranormal comedy film , produced by Venus Records & Tapes Pvt Ltd and The Satish Kaushik Entertainment .
To Forget Venice ( Italian : Dimenticare Venezia ) is a 1979 Italian drama film written and directed by Franco Brusati .
Millionaire Playboy is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Bert Granet and Charles E. Roberts , based upon Granet 's story .
Hype ! ( 1996 ) is a documentary directed by Doug Pray about the popularity of grunge rock in the early to mid-1990s United States .
Circus Angel ( French : Fifi la plume ) is a 1965 French fantasy film directed and produced by Albert Lamorisse .
Comedian Paulus Singing ( French : Paulus chantant ) was a series of five French short silent films made in 1897 by Georges Méliès , starring the popular café - concert singer Paulus ( real name Jean - Paul Habans , 1845 - -1908 ) .
Hotel for Strangers ( Czech : Hotel pro cizince ) is a 1967 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Antonín Máša .
Women Are Trouble is a 1936 American crime film directed by Errol Taggart and written by Michael Fessier .
Hysterical Psycho is a 2009 American horror comedy film written and directed by Dan Fogler .
Ezhamathe Varavu ( English : Seventh Arrival ) is a 2013 Malayalam drama thriller film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan .
So ein Millionär hat 's schwer is a 1958 Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra .
When Jews Were Funny is a documentary film by Canadian director Alan Zweig , released in 2013 , which explores the role of Jewish comedians in the history of North American comedy and humour from the Borscht belt to the present day .
Sankaranum Mohananum ( Malayalam : ശങ്കരനും മോഹനനും , English : Sankaran and Mohanan ) is a 2011 Malayalam fantasy / comedy / drama film written and directed by T. V. Chandran .
Underwater Dreams is a documentary film written , directed , and produced by Mary Mazzio , chronicles the story of how the sons of undocumented Mexican immigrants learned how to build underwater robots , and go up against MIT in the process .
Cupid Forecloses is a 1919 silent comedy film starring Bessie Love and Wallace MacDonald , directed by David Smith .
Your Uncle Dudley is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Allen Birkin , Joseph Hoffman and Dore Schary .
Palletooru is a 1952 Telugu film directed by Tatineni Prakash Rao ( debut ) .
Let 's Kill Ward 's Wife is a 2014 American black comedy film written and directed by Scott Foley .
Violence in a Women 's Prison ( Italian : Violenza da un Carcere Femminile ) is a 1982 Italian - French women in prison film directed by Bruno Mattei .
Bismarck or Bismarck 1862 - 1898 is a 1927 Gerrman silent historical film directed by Kurt Blachy and starring Franz Ludwig , Robert Leffler and Erna Morena .
Warriors for Freedom ( Indonesian : Pedjuang ) is a 1960 Indonesian drama film directed by Usmar Ismail .
Preethi Madu Thamashe Nodu ( Kannada : ಪ್ರೀತಿ ಮಾಡು ತಮಾಷೆ ನೋಡು ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film , directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by Dwarakish .
Shivanaga ( Kannada : ಶಿವನಾಗ ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by K Sukumar .
State Express is a 1938 Hindi action film directed by Vijay Bhatt for his production company Prakash Pictures .
Hangman 's House is a 1928 romantic drama genre silent film set in Co. Wicklow , Ireland , directed by John Ford ( uncredited ) with inter - titles written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan .
Good Luck ! is an Indian film directed by debutant Aditya Datt and produced jointly by Karan Sharma and Jagdish Sharma .
Easy Pickings is a 1927 silent film mystery or ' old dark house ' story directed by George Archainbaud and starring Anna Q. Nilsson and Kenneth Harlan .
In Search of Anna is a 1979 film directed by Esben Storm .
Inn of the Damned is a 1975 Australian horror film , directed by Terry Bourke .
Lady Hong ( Hangul : 미녀홍낭자 ; RR : Minyeo Hongnangja ) is a 1969 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
The Summer of Flying Fish ( Spanish : El Verano de los Peces Voladores ) is a Chilean - French film directed by Marcela Said .
Maneye Manthralaya ( Kannada : ಮನೆಯೇ ಮಂತ್ರಾಲಯ ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Anuradha Singh , Dushyanth Singh and Amritha Singh .
Warriors ' Gate is the only story directed by Paul Joyce .
They Came by Night is a 1940 British crime film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Will Fyffe , Phyllis Calvert and Anthony Hulme .
Shanghai Rhapsody ( 上海バンスキング , Shanghai bansu kingu ) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku .
Stanley Kubrick 's Boxes is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick .
Strange Culture is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson .
Begone Dull Care ( 1949 ) is a visual music animated film directed by Norman McLaren and Evelyn Lambart .
Çok Filim Hareketler Bunlar is a 2010 Turkish comedy film , directed by Ozan Açıktan and written and performed by the BKM theater players based on the group 's theatre work and television series Çok Güzel Hareketler Bunlar , which consists of an assortment of sketches illustrating comic predicaments related to the summer holidays .
Murappennu is a 1965 Malayalam film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair , directed by A. Vincent and produced by Shobhana Parameswaran Nair in the banner of Roopavani .
Rat Pack Rat is a 2014 drama short film , written and directed by Todd Rohal .
Inez from Hollywood ( 1924 ) is a lost silent drama directed by Alfred E. Green .
Everything 's Rosie is a 1931 American Pre - Code slapstick comedy film directed by Clyde Bruckman , from a screenplay by Ralph Spence , Tim Whelan , and Al Boasberg , based on a story by Boasberg .
Fire , Ice and Dynamite ( German original title Feuer , Eis und Dynamit ) is a German feature length sports film directed by Willy Bogner in 1990 .
The Do - Deca - Pentathlon is a 2012 independent comedy film written and directed brothers Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass .
The Watchmaker ( Georgian : Mesaate ) is a 2011 Georgian crime film directed by Giorgi Maskharashvili .
Searching for Sonny is a 2011 independent film and the feature film debut of writer / director Andrew Disney .
Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast is a 2014 American computer - animated fantasy film directed by Steve Loter .
All You 've Got is a 2006 sport / drama film , which debuted on MTV and is directed by Neema Barnette .
Monterey Pop is a 1968 concert film by D. A. Pennebaker that documents the Monterey Pop Festival of 1967 .
Tjambuk Api ( literally Whips of Fire ) is a 1958 Indonesian martial arts film directed by D. Djajakusuma and produced by Usmar Ismail .
The Last Fling is a 1987 American romantic comedy television film directed by Corey Allen , written by Mitchel Katlin , and starring John Ritter and Connie Selleca .
The WAC from Walla Walla is a 1952 American comedy film directed by William Witney and written by Arthur T. Horman .
Humse Badhkar Kaun is a 1998 Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Anand and produced by .
Dolphin Tale is a 2011 American 3D family drama film directed by Charles Martin Smith ( his first directed film since 2008 ) from a screenplay by Karen Janszen and Noam Dromi and a book of the same name .
Brink of Life , ( Swedish : Nära livet , and known as So Close to Life in the UK ) is a 1958 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
Bonani ( Assamese : বনানী ) is an Assamese language feature film directed by Jahnu Barua .
The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg is a 1998 documentary film directed , produced and written by Aviva Kempner about Hall of Fame first baseman Hank Greenberg of the Detroit Tigers .
Maximum Shame is a feature - length dystopian movie , written and directed by Carlos Atanes and released in 2010 .
The Dry Land , or American Tragic , is a drama film , directed and written by Ryan Piers Williams .
Doosra Aadmi ( The Second Man ) is a 1977 Hindi film , produced by Yash Chopra and directed by Ramesh Talwar .
The Power of Kangwon Province ( 강원도의 힘 , Gangwon - do ui him ) is the second film by critically acclaimed South Korean director Hong Sang - soo .
Ab Ayega Mazaa is a 1984 Hindi Indian feature film directed by Pankaj Parashar and produced by actors Alok Nath and Girija Shankar .
Crooks and Coronets is a 1969 British crime comedy film and/or heist movie written and directed by Jim O'Connolly .
They Were There ( also known as IBM Centennial Film : They Were There - People who changed the way the world works ) is a 2011 documentary short film directed by Oscar winner Errol Morris , a centennial film about the company IBM .
Some Mother 's Son is a 1996 film written and directed by Irish filmmaker Terry George , co - written by Jim Sheridan , and based on the true story of the 1981 hunger strike in the Maze Prison , in Northern Ireland .
Alex of Venice is a 2014 drama film directed by Chris Messina in his directorial debut .
Ai n't That Ducky is a 1945 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon , directed by Friz Freleng , and starring Daffy Duck .
Remember the Titans is a 2000 American sports drama film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Boaz Yakin .
Dedicatoria is a 1980 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Chávarri .
I Sell the Dead is a 2008 horror comedy , the feature film debut from Irish director Glenn McQuaid .
With Stanley in Africa is a 1922 American adventure film serial directed by William James Craft and Edward A. Kull and released by Universal Film Mfg . Co. This serial is considered to be a lost film .
Nell 's Eugenic Wedding is a lost 1914 silent comedy of one reel directed by Edward Dillon .
The Dante Quartet is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage , completed in 1987 .
My Favorite Year is a 1982 American comedy film written by Dennis Palumbo and Norman Steinberg , and directed by Richard Benjamin , which tells the story of a young comedy writer .
Serpentinen Tanz ( also known as Serpentine Tanz ) is an 1895 German short black - and - white silent documentary film , directed and produced by Max Skladanowsky , one of the German - born brothers responsible for inventing the bioskop .
Scandal at the Fledermaus ( German : Skandal um die Fledermaus ) is a 1936 German comedy film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Viktor de Kowa , Maria Andergast and Adele Sandrock .
Proceso a la infamia aka Los Años Infames is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Doria .
Desperate But Not Serious is a 1999 movie directed by Bill Fishman .
Ca n't Take This Shit Anymore is a 2014 Indian documentary film by Vinod Kapri .
To Die in Madrid ( French : Mourir à Madrid ) is a 1963 French documentary film about the Spanish Civil War , directed by Frédéric Rossif .
Vampires of Warsaw ( Polish : Wampiry Warszawy ) is a 1925 Polish silent crime film directed by Wiktor Biegański and starring Oktawian Kaczanowski , Halina Labedzka and Maria Balcerkiewiczówna .
The Vagabond Trail is a 1924 American silent film western directed by William A. Wellman and produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation .
La colt era il suo Dio ( internationally released as God Is My Colt .45 ) is a 1972 Italian spaghetti western directed by Luigi Batzella .
Mr. Average ( French : Comme tout le monde ) is a 2006 Belgian comedy film directed by Pierre - Paul Renders .
Peigal Jaakkirathai ( English : Beware of ghosts ! ) is an Indian Tamil horror comedy film , written and directed by Kanmani .
The Gentleman from Indiana is a 1915 American drama silent film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by Julia Crawford Ivers , Frank Lloyd and Booth Tarkington .
The Real Howard Spitz is a 1998 family comedy film directed by Vadim Jean , produced by Paul Brooks and written by Jurgen Wolff .
Bajimaat ( Bengali : বাজিমাত ) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty .
The God Must Be Crazy is a 2015 philosophical , psychological thriller directed by V. Jayashankarr , and stars Vinod Varma , Shashank Mouli .
Red Ribbon Blues is a 1996 comedy - drama with classic heist / caper elements and written and directed by Charles Winkler .
14 Women is a 2007 documentary film that was directed by Mary Lambert and narrated by Annette Bening .
Neurosia : 50 Years of Perversity ( German : Neurosia - 50 Jahre pervers ) is a 1992 German film directed by Rosa von Praunheim .
Andaman Kadhali ( Tamil : அந்தமான் காதலி ) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by V. Ramasamy .
The Local Bad Man is a 1932 Pre - Code Western American film directed by Otto Brower .
Egire Paavurama is a 1997 Telugu film directed S. V. Krishna Reddy .
Third Person Singular Number is a 2009 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and written jointly by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and Anisul Hoque .
Kaash ( English : If Only ) is an Indian Bollywood domestic drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt , released on 4 September 1987 .
My Neighbor , My Killer ( French : Mon voisin , mon tueur ) is a 2009 French - American documentary film directed by Anne Aghion that focuses on the process of the Gacaca courts , a citizen - based justice system that was put into place in Rwanda after the 1994 genocide .
My Reputation is a 1946 wartime love story , directed by Curtis Bernhardt .
Across the Sea of Time is a 1995 family adventure film written by Andrew Gellis and directed by Stephen Low .
The Latest from Paris is a 1928 American drama silent film directed by Sam Wood and written by Joseph Farnham and A. P. Younger .
Ojuju is a 2014 Nigerian zombie thriller film , written and directed by C.J. Obasi .
Un aliado en el tiempo ( An ally in time ) is a short film ( 21 minutes ) written and directed by Miguel A. Reina .
Married to It is a 1991 film directed by Arthur Hiller about three New York City couples with disparate careers , ages , and lifestyles who nonetheless bond through their mutual connection to a local private school .
Las Apariencias engañan ( Appearances can be deceiving in English ) is a 1958 Argentinean romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Carlos A. Petit , based on the novel by Rafael Maluenda .
From a Whisper is a Kenyan drama film written and directed by African Movie Academy Award winner Wanuri Kahiu .
A Jolly Bad Fellow is a 1964 British film directed by Don Chaffey .
Due mafiosi contro Al Capone ( Spanish : Dos contra Al Capone , literally `` Two Mafiamen against Al Capone '' ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish gangster - comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli .
Obvious Child is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Gillian Robespierre in her directorial debut .
Lawyer Lawyer ( Cantonese 算死草 , Jyutping syun3 sei2 cou2 , literally `` compute death weed '' ) is a 1997 Hong Kong comedy film produced , directed and co - written by Joe Ma .
Chinese Midnight Express is a 1997 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Billy Tang .
Undressing Extraordinary ( AKA : The Troubles of a Tired Traveller ) is a 1901 British short silent comedy film , directed by Walter R. Booth , featuring a tired traveller struggling to undress for bed .
The Heart of Maryland ( 1927 ) is a silent film costume Vitaphone drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Lloyd Bacon .
He Who Loves in a Glass House ( German : Wer i m Glashaus liebt ... der Graben ) is a 1971 West German film directed by Michael Verhoeven .
The Butterfly Effect 2 is a 2006 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed by John R. Leonetti .
The Last Pogo is a short film made by Colin Brunton in 1978 .
Panik i familien is a 1945 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
Perils of the Rail is a 1925 silent film action film directed by J. P. McGowan and starring Helen Holmes .
Parade of the Reservists ( Parada rezerwistów ) is a 1934 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński .
I - San Special ( Thai : คืนพระจันทร์เต็มดวง , or Kuen pra chan tem doueng , literally Night of the Full Moon ) is a 2002 Thai experimental independent drama film directed by Mingmongkol Sonakul and based on an idea by Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
Narasinha Avatar ( The Incarnation of Narsinha ) is a 1949 Hindi mythological film produced and directed by Sohrab Modi .
All Is Possible in Granada ( Spanish : Todo es posible en Granada ) is a 1954 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia .
Three Bluejackets and a Blonde ( German : Drei blaue Jungs , ein blondes Mädel ) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Charlotte Ander , Heinz Rühmann and Friedrich Benfer .
Yobi , the Five Tailed Fox ( Korean : 천년여우 여우비 ) is a 2007 animated Korean film by Lee Sung - gang , the director of My Beautiful Girl , Mari .
Young People Fucking , also called Y.P.F. , is a 2007 Canadian comedy directed , written , and produced by Martin Gero and Aaron Abrams .
Ghoshayaathra is a 1993 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by G. S. Vijayan for Sreelakshmi Creations starring Saikumar in lead role , supported by Devan , Parvathy and Thilakan playing other important roles .
Cover Girl Killer is a 1959 British thriller film directed by Terry Bishop and starring Harry H. Corbett , Felicity Young , Victor Brooks and Spencer Teakle .
Women Who Fall by the Wayside ( German : Frauen , die vom Weg abirren ) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Ellen Kürti , Olaf Fjord and Carl Walther Meyer .
Tokyo Olympiad ( 東京オリンピック Tōkyō Orinpikku ) is a 1965 documentary film directed by Kon Ichikawa which documents the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo .
Women You Rarely Greet ( German : Frauen , die man oft nicht grüßt ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara , Alphons Fryland and Leo Connard .
Come Along , Do ! is an 1898 British short silent comedy film , produced and directed by Robert W. Paul .
War Live ( Serbian : Рат уживо , translit . Rat uživo ) is a 2000 Yugoslavian film directed by Darko Bajić .
Leghorn Swoggled is a 1950 Foghorn Leghorn cartoon , directed by Robert McKimson and released by Warner Bros. in 1951 .
Tabarana Kathe ( Kannada : ತಬರನ ಕಥೆ , English : Tabara 's Tale ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film released directed by Girish Kasaravalli .
Ivan Megharoopan ( Malayalam : ഇവൻ മേഘരൂപൻ ) is a 2012 Malayalam biographical film written and directed by P. Balachandran .
Lupo ! is a 1970 film directed by Menahem Golan .
Daari Tappida Maga ( Kannada : ದಾರಿ ತಪ್ಪಿದ ಮಗ ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film produced and directed by Peketi Sivaram .
His Trust Fulfilled is a 1911 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith .
Mone Pore Tomake is a Bangladeshi romantic film starring Riaz and Riya Sen directed by Montazur Rahman Akbar .
The Midnight Drives is a 2007 British comedy - drama film written and directed by Mark Jenkin and revolves around a divorcee who takes his bored children on a series of mystical , dream - like excursions through the Cornish country - side after initially failing to connect with them .
Haunted People ( German : Gehetzte Menschen ) is a 1932 German - Czech film directed by Friedrich Feher and starring Magda Sonja , Hans Feher and Eugen Klöpfer .
Letters from Three Lovers is a 1973 made - for - television drama film directed by John Erman .
Shon the Piper is a 1913 American silent short historical romantic drama film directed by Otis Turner and starring Robert Z. Leonard .
Sound of the Sea ( Spanish : Son de Mar ) is a 2001 Spanish drama / erotic film directed by Juan José Bigas Luna based on the novel of the same title by Manuel Vicent .
Bellas de noche ( in English Beauties by the Night ) , also known as Las ficheras , is a Mexican film directed by Miguel M. Delgado .
Shadows of Memory is a 2000 documentary by Claudia von Alemann that describes the rise and fall of Hitler from the perspective of a Nazi supporter--
Kaathavaraayan ( Tamil : காத்தவராயன் ) is a Tamil language Mythology film directed by T. R. Ramanna .
Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje(Hindi : झनक झनक पायल बाजे ) is a 1955 Bollywood film directed by V. Shantaram .
On the Point of Death ( Italian : In punto di morte ) is a 1971 Italian drama film directed by Mario Garriba .
Hitler from Our Street ( Hitler iz našeg sokaka ) is a Yugoslav film directed by Vladimir Tadej .
Nazi Agent is a 1942 American spy film directed by Jules Dassin .
Avan Aval Adhu ( Tamil : அவன் அவள் அது ) is a 1980 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by S. Sundar .
Arizona Stage Coach is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby , one of the series of western Range Busters films .
A Few Days Later ( Chand Rooz Ba'd ) is a 2006 Iranian motion picture by Niki Karimi .
Mrs. Matthews , Dressmaker is a 1912 American drama film directed by Francis J. Grandon and starring Margarita Fischer in the title role .
Adorable Julia ( German : Julia , Du bist zauberhaft ) is a 1962 Austrian comedy film directed by Alfred Weidenmann .
Janma Janmada Anubandha ( Kannada : ಜನ್ಮ ಜನ್ಮದ ಅನುಬಂಧ ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada Thriller - drama film directed , co - produced and scripted by Shankar Nag .
Up for Murder is a 1931 American drama film written and directed by Monta Bell .
Krishna Tere Desh Main is a 2000 film produced and directed by Shiv Kumar .
Au plus près du Soleil is a 2015 French drama film film directed by Yves Angelo and co - written by Angelo , François Dupeyron and Gilles Legrand .
Indhu is a 1994 Tamil language film directed by Pavithran and produced by N. A. Sudhakar and K. P. Unnikrishnan .
Ekspedisi Madewa ( Madewa 's Expedition ) is a 2006 Indonesian adventure film directed by Franklin Darmadi
Somewhere in Civvies is a 1943 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Frank Randle , George Doonan and Suzette Tarri .
Some Will , Some Wo n't is a 1970 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood .
Deadly Messages is a 1985 made - for - TV thriller film directed by Jack Bender .
L'anatra all'arancia ( internationally released as Duck in Orange Sauce ) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce .
Teenage Father is a 1978 American short film directed by Taylor Hackford .
Cry for Me , Billy is a 1972 American film directed by William A. Graham .
That Lady is a 1955 film directed by Terence Young .
Ma che musica maestro is a 1971 Italian musicarello film directed by Mariano Laurenti .
The Harimaya Bridge is a 2009 film written and directed by American filmmaker Aaron Woolfolk .
Wives Never Know is a 1936 American black - and - white comedy film directed by Elliott Nugent .
, Bheema Theeradalli,(Kannada : ಭೀಮ ತೀರದಲ್ಲಿ ) is a 2012 Kannada biopic action film directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced - shot by cinematographer Anaji Nagaraj .
The Man Beneath is a 1919 American silent crime drama film directed by William Worthington and produced by Sessue Hayakawa 's Haworth Pictures Corporation .
Land and Shade ( Spanish : La tierra y la sombra ) is a 2015 Colombian drama film written and directed by César Augusto Acevedo and produced by the production company Burning Blue .
Kill Me Tomorrow is a 1957 British crime film directed by Terence Fisher .
Crossing Hennessy ( traditional Chinese : 月滿軒尼詩 ; simplified Chinese : 月满轩尼诗 ; pinyin : yuè mǎn xuānníshī ) is a 2010 Hong Kong film directed by Ivy Ho .
Veendum Prabhatham is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by MP Rao and MRK Moorthy .
Leftenan Adnan is a 2000 Malaysian war film directed by Aziz M. Osman and produced by the Malaysian Army and Grand Brilliance Sdn Bhd .
If the Sun Rises in the West ( Hangul : 해가 서쪽에서 뜬다면 ; RR : Haega seojjog - eseo tteundamyeon ) is a 1998 South Korean film , and was the commercial directorial debut of Lee Eun .
A Tokyo Siren is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Norman Dawn and featured Tsuru Aoki , Jack Livingstone , Goro Kino , Toyo Fujita and Arthur Jasmine in prominent roles .
Jigri Dost ( English : Best Friends ) is a 1969 Indian Comedy film produced by Sunderlal Nahata , Dhoondy on Vijay Laxmi Pictures banner and directed by Ravikant Nagaich .
Pasumpon is a 1995 Indian Tamil drama film , directed by P. Bharathiraja , starring Prabhu , Sivaji Ganesan , Sivakumar , Raadhika Sarathkumar and Saranya Ponvannan in lead roles .
The Red Awn ( simplified Chinese : 红色康拜因 ; traditional Chinese : 紅色康拜因 ; pinyin : Hóngsè kāngbàiyīn ; literally : `` The Red Combine '' ) is a 2007 Chinese film directed Cai Shangjun .
Chantrapas ( Georgian : შანტრაპა ) is a 2010 Georgian drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani .
Legend of the Mountain ( Chinese : 山中传奇 ) is a 1979 Taiwan fantasy , horror , mystery film directed by King Hu .
Mar Mitenge is a 1988 Hindi - language Indian Action film , produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner , directed by Kawal Sharma .
Erattai Manithan ( Tamil : இரட்டை மனிதன் ) is a 1981 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by S. Aadhilakshmi .
The Stalking of Laurie Show ( also known by the title Rivals outside of the United States ) is a 2000 made - for - TV movie that was directed by Norma Bailey .
Assigned to Danger is a 1948 American crime film noir directed by Budd Boetticher .
Soft Shell Man ( Un crabe dans la tête in French ) is a Québécois film , directed by André Turpin released in 2001 .
The People I 've Slept With is a 2009 American sex comedy film directed by Quentin Lee .
The Adventures of Bullwhip Griffin is a 1967 American Western comedy film directed by James Neilson .
Ettupatti Rasa ( English : King of eight villages ) is a 1997 Tamil drama film directed by Kasthuri Raja .
Mort , où est ta victoire ? is a 1964 French film , directed by Hervé Bromberger .
But the Flesh Is Weak is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Jack Conway and written by Ivor Novello .
Arizona Colt Returns ( Italian : Arizona si scatenò ... e li fece fuori tutti , also known as Arizona Lets Fly and Kill Everybody and If You Got ta Shoot Someone ... Bang ! Bang ! ) is a 1970 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Martino .
Jerry and Tom is a 1998 American black comedy film directed by Saul Rubinek in his directorial debut .
Kismet Ka Khel ( Fate 's Game ) is a 1956 Hindi social crime drama film , produced and directed by Kishore Sahu .
Lost in the Suburbs ( Czech : Návrat domů ) is a 1948 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič .
The Honorable Friend is a 1916 American drama silent film directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Elizabeth McGaffey and Eve Unsell .
A Fighting Colleen is a 1919 silent comedy drama film directed by David Smith .
Pathiye Daiva ( Kannada : ಪತಿಯೇ ದೈವ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by R. Nagendra Rao .
The Lass from the Stormy Croft ( Swedish : Tösen från Stormyrtorpet ) is a 1917 Swedish drama film directed by Victor Sjöström , based on the 1908 novella with the same title by Selma Lagerlöf .
Bomma Borusa ( Telugu : బొమ్మా బొరుసా ) ( English title Heads or Tails ? ) is a 1971 Indian Telugu language Comedy / Drama film directed by Padma Shri awardee K. Balachander .
A Corner in Cotton was directed by Fred J. Balshofer , with the assistants of Howard Truesdell and adapted for film by Charles A. Taylor from a story by Anita Loos .
What the Daisy Said is a one - reel film ( about 12 minutes ) made by D. W. Griffith for Biograph in 1910 .
Tarzana , the Wild Girl ( Italian : Tarzana , sesso selvaggio ) is a 1969 Italian adventure film written and directed by Guido Malatesta .
Samarpane ( Kannada : ಸಮರ್ಪಣೆ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by P Krishnaraj .
A Penny 's History ( Hungarian : Egy krajcár története ) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
Good Night , Elmer is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short released by Warner Bros. on October 26 , 1940 , directed by Chuck Jones , animated by Philip Monroe and written by Rich Hogan .
Cat City ( Hungarian : Macskafogó ( Cat Catcher ) ) is a 1986 Hungarian animated film , directed by Béla Ternovszky and written by József Nepp .
Bye Bye Miss Goodnight is the 2005 feature film debut of writer - director Karan Kandhari .
A Golden Boy ( Italian : Un ragazzo d'oro ) is a 2014 Italian comedy - drama film written and directed by Pupi Avati .
Street of No Return is a 1989 crime film directed by Samuel Fuller .
Voyage to the Edge of the World ( French : Voyage au bout du monde ) is a 1976 French nature documentary film directed by Jacques - Yves Cousteau , his son Philippe Cousteau and Marshall Flaum .
Vishnulokam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Kamal and produced by Sanal Kumar and G Suresh Kumar .
Bikini Royale is a 2008 American made for cable erotic film directed by Fred Olen Ray under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina ) .
Blood Beach is a 1981 horror B movie written and directed by Jeffrey Bloom .
Adaminte Makan Abu ( Abu , Son of Adam ) is a 2011 Indian drama film written , directed and co - produced by Salim Ahamed ; it is his debut .
One 2 Ka 4 ( Hindi : वन टू का फ़ोर , English : One times 2 is 4 ) is an Indian action crime drama film directed by Shashilal K. Nair .
Itty Bitty Titty Committee is a feminist , lesbian - related comedy film directed by Jamie Babbit .
Ciguli Miguli is a 1952 Yugoslav political satire film directed by Branko Marjanović and written by Joža Horvat .
Okka Magaadu ( English : One Man ) is a 2008 Telugu , patriotic film produced & directed by YVS Chowdary on his Bommarillu banner .
Playing with Souls is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Jacqueline Logan , Mary Astor and Clive Brook .
Premada Putri ( Kannada : ಪ್ರೇಮದ ಪುತ್ರಿ ) is a 1957 Indian Kannada language film directed , produced and enacted by R. Nagendra Rao .
Janmadata ( Bengali : জন্মদাতা ) ( 2008 ) is a Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha .
Freighters of Destiny is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western produced and directed by American film editor Fred Allen , from a screenplay by Adele Buffington .
Rabin , the Last Day is a 2015 Israeli - French docudrama political thriller film directed by Amos Gitai .
The Plot Against Harry is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Michael Roemer and filmed in 1969 .
The Last of the Blonde Bombshells is a 2000 British - American television film directed by Gillies MacKinnon .
Dog 's Heads ( Czech : Psohlavci ) is a 1955 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič , based on the novel of the same name by Alois Jirásek .
His Young Wife ( Italian : Le miserie del signor Travet ) is a 1945 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati .
A Handful of Time ( En håndfull tid ) is a Norwegian film from 1989 , directed by Martin Asphaug .
The Honkers is a 1972 American comedy film directed by Steve Ihnat and written by Steve Ihnat and Stephen Lodge .
Under a Shadow is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney .
Jolly LLB is a 2013 Indian Hindi courtroom comedy drama film , written and directed by Subhash Kapoor .
The Red Sneakers is a 2002 American made for television fantasy film produced and directed by Gregory Hines .
The Arsonist ( Malay : Kaki bakar ) is a 1995 Malaysian drama film directed by U - Wei Haji Saari .
Sudhu Ekbar Bolo is a 1999 Bengali film directed by Prabhat Roy and produced by Dr. G. Ramanaidu .
Die , Monster , Die ! ( British title : Monster of Terror ) is a 1965 horror film directed by Daniel Haller .
Treasure Buddies is a 2012 Disney direct - to - DVD family film , directed by Robert Vince and produced by Anna McRoberts .
Monsieur N. is a 2003 British - French movie directed by Antoine de Caunes .
Operation Jackpot Nalli C.I.D 999 is a 1969 Indian Kannada spy thriller directed and produced by B. Dorairaj and S.K Bhagavan .
Kill Me Quick , I 'm Cold ( Italian : Fai in fretta ad uccidermi ... ho freddo ! ) is a 1967 Italian crime - comedy film written and directed by Francesco Maselli .
Murder by Invitation is a 1941 American murder mystery film directed by Phil Rosen .
Bhikharan ( Beggar - Maid ) also called Song of Life , is a 1935 Hindi melodrama film directed by Premankur Atorthy .
Pioneer Marshal is a 1949 American Western film directed by Philip Ford and written by Robert Creighton Williams .
Granny Had No Worries ( Polish : Nie miała baba kłopotu ) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Aleksander Ford and Michał Waszyński .
Bade Sarkar ( Big Boss ) is a 1957 Hindi romantic action drama film , directed by Kishore Sahu .
Lease Wife ( Chinese : 租期 ; pinyin : Zū Qī ) is a 2006 drama film directed by Lu Xuechang , and is the story of a man who pays a prostitute to pretend to be his wife when he goes back to his village to visit his family .
Le chat dans le sac ( English : The Cat in the Bag ) is a 1964 drama film by Gilles Groulx , which played a seminal role in the development of Quebec cinema .
Manjadikuru ( Malayalam : മഞ്ചാടിക്കുരു , English : Lucky Red Seeds ) is a Malayalam film ( theatrical release : 2012 ) written and directed by Anjali Menon .
A Trip ( Slovene : Izlet ) is a 2011 Slovenian drama film directed by Nejc Gazvoda .
Natale col Boss ( `` Christmas with the Boss '' ) is a 2015 Italian criminal comedy film written and directed by Volfango De Biasi .
Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends ( 2013 ) is a Bengali language film directed by Mainak Bhaumik .
Jhankaar Beats ( Hindi : झंकार बीट्स ) is a 2003 Bollywood musical comedy film directed by Sujoy Ghosh and released by Pritish Nandy Communications .
Nammal ( English : We ) is a 2002 Malayalam romantic comedy drama film directed by notable director Kamal and produced by David Kachapalli .
The Devil - Ship Pirates is a 1964 British - made pirate adventure film directed by Don Sharp .
Ladder 49 is a 2004 American drama film , directed by Jay Russell , about the heroics of fictional Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison , who is trapped inside a warehouse fire , and his recollection of the events that got him to that point .
Like Minds is a feature film , written and directed by Gregory J. Read .
Gigolette is a 1935 American romance film directed by Charles Lamont from a screenplay and story by Gordon Kahn .
Miss You Already is a 2015 British romantic comedy - drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Morwenna Banks .
King of the Sierras is a 1938 American western directed by Samuel Diege and Arthur Rosson and distributed by Grand National Pictures .
What 's His Name is a 1914 American comedy - drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille .
Fatal Vacation ( 安樂戰場 ) is a 1989 Hong Kong action thriller film written by Nam Yin and directed by and starring Eric Tsang .
Mohini 9886788888 ( Kannada : ಮೋಹಿನಿ ೯೮೮೬೭೮೮೮೮೮ ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada horror - drama film directed , co - produced and written by Rajendra Singh Babu .
Anokha Bandhan ( English : Strange Relation ) is a 1982 Bollywood , drama film produced by Ratan Irani on Shree Jagdamba Movies banner , directed by Mehul Kumar .
Anita Needs Me is a 1963 short film directed by George Kuchar and starring Maulis Pearson as Anita .
Neela Parbat ( Urdu : نیلا پربت‎ ) is a 1969 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ahmad Bashir .
The Cheerful Squadron ( Italian : L'allegro squadrone , French : Les gaietés de l'escadron ) is a 1954 Italian - French war - comedy film directed by Paolo Moffa .
Do n't Cry , Peter ( Slovene : ' ' Ne joči , Peter '' ) , also known as Nicht Weinen Peter , is a 1964 Slovene comedy war adventure film directed by France Štiglic .
La hantise ( English : The Obsession ) is a 1912 short silent film directed by Louis Feuillade .
Kaksparsh is a 2012 Indian Marathi period drama film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Aniruddha Deshpande and Medha Manjrekar .
Il sergente Rompiglioni ( `` Sergeant Rompiglioni '' ) is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Giuliano Biagetti ( here credited Pier Giorgio Ferretti ) .
Guns in the Heather is a 1969 Walt Disney family film directed by Robert Butler and produced by Ron Miller .
Padithal Mattum Podhuma ( Is studying alone enough ? ) is a 1962 Indian Tamil language film directed by A. Bhimsingh .
Swapaanam ( Malayalam : സ്വപാനം ) ( English translation : The Voiding Soul ) is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by Shaji N. Karun and produced by M. Rajan for Horizon Entertainments .
Johnny on the Run is a 1953 adventure film directed by Lewis Gilbert .
Gaehwadang imun ( 개화당 이문 ) is a 1932 Korean film written , directed by and starring Na Woon - gyu .
Ukraine in Flames ( Russian : Битва за нашу Советскую Украину , translit . Bitva za nashu Sovetskuyu Ukrainu , lit . `` Battle for our Soviet Ukraine '' ) is a 1943 Soviet documentary war film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko and Yuliya Solntseva .
How to Play Golf is a 1944 short animated Walt Disney Productions film directed by Jack Kinney .
Przygoda z piosenką ( Pol . Adventure with song ) is a Polish film musical comedy from 1969 directed by Stanisław Bareja .
Paduvaaralli Pandavaru is a 1978 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal .
A Light in the Forest is a 2003 film directed by John Carl Buechler , an adaptation of Frank Latino 's award winning children 's book , The Legend of Hollyboy .
Father of Four in the Country ( Danish : Far til fire på landet ) is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks .
Tarzeena , Queen of Kong Island is a 2008 American made for cable erotic film directed by Fred Olen Ray ( under the pseudonym Nicholas Juan Medina ) .
Yellow Sticky Notes is a 2007 animated short film by Canadian artist Jeff Chiba Stearns .
Teddy , the Rough Rider is a 1940 short drama film directed by Ray Enright .
A Thief in Paradise is a 1925 American silent film , produced by Samuel Goldwyn , directed by George Fitzmaurice , and adapted by Frances Marion from Leonard Merrick 's novel The Worldlings ( 1900 ) .
The Fox in the Chicken Coop ( Hebrew : Ha Shu'al B'Lool Hatarnegolot ) is a 1978 Israeli film directed by Ephraim Kishon Based on Kishon satirical book by the same name .
Carlitinhos is a 1921 Brazilian short film comedy directed by José Medina .
Me and Marlborough is a 1935 British comedy film , directed by Victor Saville , and starring Cicely Courtneidge , Tom Walls , Barry MacKay , Peter Gawthorne , Henry Oscar and Cecil Parker .
Oohakachavadam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. Madhu .
Kurathi Magan is a Tamil language film directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan .
Forget America ( German : Vergiss Amerika ) is a 2000 German drama film directed by Vanessa Jopp .
Antaheen ( Bengali : অন্তহীন English : The Endless Wait ) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury .
With the Marines at Tarawa is a 1944 short documentary film directed by Louis Hayward .
Alien 3 ( stylized as ALIEN3 ) is a 1992 American science - fiction horror film and the debut feature film of director David Fincher .
The Rabbit Is Me ( German : Das Kaninchen bin ich ) is an East German dramatic film directed by Kurt Maetzig .
Oru Naal Iravil ( English : In a Single Night ) is an Indian Tamil thriller film edited and directed by Anthony in his directorial debut .
We 'll Live Till Monday ( Russian : Доживём до понедельника , translit . Dozhivyom do ponedelnika ) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Stanislav Rostotsky .
Change Nothing ( French : Ne change rien ) is a 2009 documentary directed by Portuguese filmmaker Pedro Costa .
Deuljwi ( 들쥐 , Field Mouse ) is a 1927 Korean film written , directed , edited by and starring Na Woon - gyu ( 1902 - 1937 ) .
Moontide is a 1942 American drama film noir directed by Archie Mayo and Fritz Lang , although Lang was uncredited when the film was released .
I Can Quit Whenever I Want ( Italian : Smetto quando voglio ) is a 2014 Italian comedy film directed by Sydney Sibilia .
Shri Krishna Janma ( Birth of Lord Krishna ) is a 1918 Indian silent film directed by Dadasaheb Phalke .
¡ Cuatro ! is a 2013 rockumentary starring the punk rock band Green Day , directed by Tim Wheeler .
Mi Buenos Aires querido is a 1936 Argentine musical film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen .
Onde Guri ( Kannada : ಒಂದೇ ಗುರಿ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by M P Shankar .
The sketch also featured a cameo of a director played by Still Game director Michael Hines .
Once a Doctor is a 1937 American drama film directed by William Clemens and written by Robertson White and Ben Grauman Kohn .
Zone of the Dead , also known as Apocalypse of the Dead ( Zona Mrtvih in Serbian ) is a 2009 Serbian horror film by directors Milan Konjević and Milan Todorović .
Two and Two Make Six also known as A Change of Heart and The Girl Swappers is a 1962 film directed by Freddie Francis .
El Patrullero ( aka Highway Patrolman ) ( 1991 ) is the first Mexican feature film by the British director Alex Cox .
Our Russian Front is a 1942 American documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and Lewis Milestone , and narrated by Walter Huston to promote support for the Soviet Union 's war effort .
Touch of Pink is a 2004 Canadian - British gay - themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid .
Apaye ( English : A Mother 's Love ) is a 2014 Nigerian biographical drama film directed by Desmond Elliot , starring Clarion Chukwura , Kanayo O. Kanayo , Belinda Effah , and Mbong Amata .
One Big Affair is a 1952 American comedy film directed by Peter Godfrey and written by Leo Townsend and Francis Swann .
Io sono il capataz is a 1950 Italian western - comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli .
The Girl from Monterrey is a 1943 American film directed by Wallace Fox starring Armida Vendrell as PRCs version of the Mexican Spitfire .
Death Screams ( also titled House of Death or Night Screams ) is a 1982 horror film directed by David Nelson .
The Tacoma Rockets were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) from 1991 to 1995 .
The Anti - Masonic Party held a third national nominating convention at Temperance Hall in Philadelphia on November 13 - -14 , 1838 .
Sayn - Wittgenstein was partitioned in 1607 into :
The Kingdom of Gera ( 1835 -- 1887 ) was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the late 19th century .
With the forced abdication of Alfonso III `` the Great '' of Asturias by his sons in 910 , the Kingdom of Asturias split into three separate kingdoms of León , Galicia and Asturias .
Southern Tang ( Chinese : 南唐 ; pinyin : Nán Táng ; also referred to as Nantang ) , later known as Jiangnan ( 江南 ) , was one of the Ten Kingdoms in Southern China created following the Tang Dynasty from 937 - -976 .
The journal ran from 1935 to 1938 and a collection of Hatomim was later reprinted in book form by the central Chabad publishing house , Kehot Publication Society .
Ciskei and all of the other homelands were reincorporated into South Africa on 27 April 1994 , after the first post - apartheid elections .
In 1945 , the Province of Halle - Merseburg was dissolved into a recreated Province of Saxony .
The Banat Republic ( Romanian : Republica Bănăţeană , German : Banater Republik , Serbian : Banatska republika / Банатска република , Hungarian : Bánáti Köztársaság ) was a short - lived state proclaimed in Timişoara on November 1 , 1918 , the day after the dissolution of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
The Northern Yan ( Chinese : 北燕 ; pinyin : Bĕiyàn ; 407 or 409 - 436 ) was a state of Han Chinese during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China .
In November , 2009 , ROHM Co. , Ltd. of Japan acquired Kionix .
Between 1973 and 1988 , a total of 53 ships were built by Govan Shipbuilders at the Govan ( former Fairfield ) shipyard .
On 1 January 1993 , Linjeflyg was merged into SAS .
The Whittemore Gang ( February 25 , 1925 -- March 19 , 1926 ) was a group of bank robbers active in the Mid - Atlantic and Eastern United States during the mid-1920s .
RAF Bomber Command controlled the RAF 's bomber forces from 1936 to 1968 .
Southern Bell , originally incorporated in New York , was reincorporated in Georgia in 1983 as SBT&T Co. The original Southern Bell was then merged into SBT&T Co. , at which point that company was renamed Southern Bell .
The Free and Independent State of Cundinamarca ( Spanish : Estado Libre e Independiente de Cundinamarca ) was a rebel state in colonial Colombia , replacing the Spanish colonial Viceroyalty of New Granada from 1810 to 1815 .
Localization Industry Standards Association or LISA was a Swiss - based trade body concerning the translation of computer software ( and associated materials ) into multiple natural languages , which existed from 1990 to February 2011 .
The Holsman Automobile Company was an early United States automobile manufacturer Chicago , Illinois between 1901 and 1910 .
R.A.G.T. Semences was a French professional cycling team which existed from 2000 to 2005 .
Equipe Nürnberger Versicherung ( known in 2010 as Noris Cycling under the terms of a sponsorship deal ) was an elite women 's professional road cycling team based in Germany .
In 2006 , Foster Yeoman was wholly acquired by the Holcim Group and is now part of its Aggregate Industries subsidiary and is no longer family owned .
Amsterdam Basketball was a Dutch professional basketball club from the city of Amsterdam , established in 1995 and dissolved in 2011 .
The Entrop was a Dutch automobile manufactured by a cycle company in 's Gravenmoer in 1909 .
In August 2009 , ARTISTdirect restructured MediaDefender and MediaSentry , creating Peer Media Technologies .
The Società Italiana Caproni ceased to exist in 1950 , although one of its divisions , Caproni Vizzola endured until 1983 when it was bought by Agusta .
Transocean Air Lines was an Oakland , California - based airline that operated from 1946 until 1960 .
By the time of Mahinda V ( 982 - -1017 ) , the last king of the Anuradhapura Kingdom , the rule of the king had become so weak that he could not even properly organize the collection of taxes .
British Energy was the UK 's largest electricity generation company by volume , before being taken over by Électricité de France ( EDF ) in 2009 .
After several years of decline with financial difficulties and venue issues , owner Costi Zombanakis pulled the first team from the BBL in the summer of 2006 , and although the team continued in the regional English Basketball League , the London Towers brand folded in 2009 .
Hasbro Interactive acquired the merged company in 1998 , and what had been Spectrum HoloByte ceased to exist when the development studio in Alameda was closed in 1999 .
The First Spanish Republic ( Spanish : Primera República Española ) was the short - lived political regime that existed in Spain between the parliamentary proclamation on 11 February 1873 and 29 December 1874 when General Arsenio Martínez - Campos 's pronunciamento marked the beginning of the Bourbon Restoration in Spain .
Spanish Formosa was a Spanish colony established in the north of Taiwan from 1626 to 1642 .
Strathclyde ( Srath Chluaidh in Gaelic , meaning `` valley of the River Clyde '' , pronounced ( s̪t̪ra xɫ̪ɯi ) ) was one of nine former local government regions of Scotland created by the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 and abolished in 1996 by the Local Government etc ( Scotland ) Act 1994 .
British Eagle International Airlines was a major British independent airline that operated from 1948 until it went into liquidation in 1968 .
The Democratic Army of Greece ( Greek : Δημοκρατικός Στρατός Ελλάδας , DSE ( ΔΣΕ ) ) , was the army founded by the Communist Party of Greece during the Greek Civil War , 1946 - -1949 .
The company sold their subscriber business to Sky where new subscribers to Sky could get up to 50 % off for a year if they go through Top Up TV , but continued to run conditional access to the Freeview platform which BT uses to broadcast BT Sports 1 and 2 which ended in June 2015 .
The Royal Hanoverian State Railways ( German : Königlich Hannöversche Staatseisenbahnen ) existed from 1843 until the annexation of the Kingdom of Hanover by the Kingdom of Prussia in 1866 .
The Kingdom of Württemberg ( German : Königreich Württemberg ) was a state in Germany that existed from 1805 to 1918 , located in the area that is now Baden - Württemberg .
The Hochschule für die Wissenschaft des Judentums , or Higher Institute for Jewish Studies , was a rabbinical seminary , established in Berlin in 1872 and closed down by the Nazi government of Germany in 1942 .
On May 30 , 1986 Auzolan self - dissolved , but the Navarran branch continued to exist , as Batzarre .
The last French governor - general of New France , Pierre François de Rigaud , Marquis de Vaudreuil - Cavagnal , surrendered to British Major General Jeffrey Amherst on 8 September 1760 .
Shushinsky Uyezd ( Russian : Шушинский уезд ) , was one of the uyezds ( administrative units ) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire , and then of Ganja Governorate of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Shusha in 1840 - -1921 .
John Tully for Cavan was the only Clann na Poblachta TD elected in the 1965 general election .
After the meager electoral results in municipal elections in 1999 , particularly in Barcelona city where Rahola was candidate , Partit per la Independència was dissolved .
OK - Supreme was a British motorcycle manufacturer from 1899 to 1939 located in Birmingham .
Maximag was the name of a Swiss automobile , produced by Motosacoche , based at Carouge , a suburb of Geneva , from 1923 till 1928 .
On March 9 , 2013 , letters were sent to Insight customers informing them that starting in June 2013 , Insight Communications will be completely absorbed , and Insight service will be replaced by Time Warner Cable .
Ardie was a company in Nürnberg , Germany that manufactured motorcycles from 1919 until 1958 .
The Royal Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences ( Dutch : Koninklijk Bataviaasch Genootschap van Kunsten en Wetenschappen , 1778 - 1962 ) was a Dutch learned society in Batavia ( now Jakarta , Indonesia ) .
The Ausfod was an automobile manufactured by the Ausfod Motor Engineering Co Ltd in Chorlton - on - Medlock , Manchester from 1947 to 1948 .
The Autonomous Province of Western Bosnia ( Bosnian : Autonomna Pokrajina Zapadna Bosna ) was a small unrecognised state that existed in the northwest of Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1993 and 1995 .
The Brazilian military government was the authoritarian military dictatorship that ruled Brazil from April 1 , 1964 to March 15 , 1985 .
The Ageron was a French automobile manufactured in Lyon between 1910 and 1914 .
The Hanthawaddy Kingdom ( Burmese : ဟံသာဝတီ ပဲခူး နေပြည်တော် ; Mon : ဟံသာဝတဳ , ( hɔŋsawətɔe ) ; also Hanthawaddy Pegu or simply Pegu ) was the dominant kingdom that ruled lower Burma ( Myanmar ) from 1287 to 1539 and from 1550 to 1552 .
Mid - Canada Communications was a Canadian media company , which operated from 1980 to 1990 .
In 920 Hywel merged Seisyllwg with the Kingdom of Dyfed to form the new kingdom of Deheubarth .
In June 2013 , Serotta merged with Blue Competition Cycles and Mad Fiber Wheels under the name of Divine Cycling Group .
Richard Kerry attended Phillips Academy , graduated from Yale University in 1937 , and received his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1940 .
Pascal Riché is a former alumni of Sciences Po and of the Centre de formation des journalistes ( CFJ ) journalist school .
Vidya Subrahmaniam received an M. A. degree from the Delhi School of Economics .
Catherine Hiegel is also a professor to the CNSAD for thirteen years .
In August 1962 , Eva Hesse and Tom Doyle participated in an Allan Kaprow Happening at the Art Students League of New York in Woodstock , New York .
Not interrelated , but interesting from Vladimír Hirsch 's biography is the fact , that he graduated in 1980 Faculty of medicine of Charles University in Prague and practiced as a physician until 1999 .
Ashkan Pouya has a degree in Economics from Uppsala University .
Marianne Brandt ( 1 October 1893 -- 18 June 1983 ) , German painter , sculptor , photographer and designer who studied at the Bauhaus school and became head of the metal workshop in 1928 .
Samuel Bolton ( 1606 -- 15 October 1654 ) was an English clergyman and scholar , a member of the Westminster Assembly and Master of Christ 's College , Cambridge .
Josep Guia i Marín ( Valencian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈzɛb ˈɡi.a ) ; born 1947 in Valencia ) is a Spanish writer , mathematics professor of University of Valencia and political activist within PSAN party .
Son of Thomas Scanlan , a farmer , he was born at Drumcliffe , County Sligo , and educated at Summerhill College in Sligo and at the University of St Andrews , Scotland .
Sr Sara Grant came as a missionary to India in 1956 , to head the newly formed Department of Philosophy at Sophia College ( University of Mumbai ) , Mumbai run by Society of the Sacred Heart of Jesus , here she taught for many years .
Melanie Killen obtained her Ph.D. in Developmental Psychology from the University of California , Berkeley , where she was a NIMH Predoctoral trainee , and her B.A. in Psychology from Clark University , where she was awarded a New England Psychological Association undergraduate Honorary Fellow .
Inspired by his father , who was also an artist , William Silvers studied arts at the Bowling Green State University and earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts at the age of 21 .
Robert Alter earned his bachelor 's degree in English ( Columbia University , 1957 ) , and his master 's degree ( 1958 ) and doctorate ( 1962 ) from Harvard University in comparative literature .
Educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh and at the Royal Military College , Sandhurst , Robert Whigham was commissioned into the 1st Battalion Royal Warwickshire Regiment in 1885 .
Abdul Gani Patail graduated with a Bachelor of Laws ( Hons ) degree from the University of Malaya in 1979 .
Abner Vernon McCall ( June 8 , 1915 -- June 11 , 1995 ) was the President of Baylor University from 1961 to 1981 .
Chris Krause later played collegiate football at Vanderbilt University , where he was a linebacker and nose guard .
Rufus Flint ( born circa 1865 ) was a professor of English and mathematics , University of Nicaragua , conducting early Central American biodiversity studies while enrolled at Cornell University .
Robert Walmsley was born in Aberdeen in 1941 and was educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh .
Thomas Borer was born in 1957 and studied law at the University of Basel where he obtained his doctorate summa cum laude in 1985 .
Christine James was born in Tonypandy , Rhondda , and educated at Porth County Grammar School , then later at Aberystwyth University , where she gained a first - class honours degree in Welsh and was subsequently awarded a PhD for a thesis on the Laws of Hywel Dda .
Adam Bogle was educated at Harrow between 1862 and 1865 followed by the Royal Military Academy , Woolwich until 1868 .
Rainer Blatt graduated in physics from the University of Mainz in 1979 .
Emily Raboteau is an American fiction writer , essayist , and City College of New York professor who grew up in New Jersey , received a MFA from New York University and whose first novel The Professor 's Daughter was published in 2005 .
Born in Iran , Abbas Mirakhor received PhD from Kansas State University in the USA .
Stanley Plumly grew up in Ohio and Virginia and was educated at Wilmington College in Ohio and at Ohio University .
Dorothy Hyuha graduated with a Bachelor of Science with a Diploma in Education , ( BSc / Ed ) from Makerere University in 1985 .
Bruce Grindlay ( born 1967 ) is a British organist , conductor , teacher and the Current Headmaster at Sutton Valence School Grindlay finished his schooling in Canada and studied at the Royal Canadian College of Organists as well as the Royal Conservatory of Music and the University of British Columbia .
Hervé Biausser ( born 17 February 1951 ) is the director of two French engineering schools , École Centrale Paris and Supélec , positions he has held since 2003 and 2013 , respectively .
Suzanne Fortier ( born November 11 , 1949 ) is the Principal of McGill University , as announced March 5 , 2013 by McGill 's Board of Governors .
Jack Waterford graduated in law from the Australian National University .
Robert Swirsky holds bachelor 's and master 's degrees in computer science from Hofstra University , and is one of Hofstra 's Alumni of Distinction .
Gary Christenson is a triple alumnus of Suffolk University .
Tove Pihl graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology from the University of Rochester in 1948 , and with a Master of Arts degree in pedagogy from the University of Chicago in 1949 .
Widjojo Nitisastro became a full professor of economics at the University of Indonesia in Jakarta at the age of 34 in 1962 .
Born in Ulster as Benjamin Waldo Maguire , he attended Portadown College and Trinity College , Dublin , where he studied philosophy and mathematics .
Jena Osman is an American poet and editor , who graduated from Brown University , and the State University of New York at Buffalo , with a Ph.D. She teaches at Temple University .
Scott Ginsburg earned his Bachelor 's degree from George Washington University , and his Juris Doctorate degree from Georgetown University Law Center .
Dean Roden Chapman ( 8 March 1922 -- 4 October 1995 ) was a mechanical engineer at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) and at Stanford University .
Ken Pries was born in Alameda , California , and attended San Francisco State University , where he majored in broadcast communicational arts .
Ajay Kalsi was born in October 1960 , and educated at Methodist High School , Kanpur , followed by a BSc in Economics from the London School of Economics and an MPhil in Economics from Cambridge University .
K. Nageshwar is a former member of the Telangana Legislative Council and professor in the Department of Communication & Journalism , Osmania University , Hyderabad , India .
David Conte earned his Bachelor 's degree from Bowling Green State University , where he studied with Wallace DePue , and his Master 's and Doctoral degrees from Cornell University , where he studied with Karel Husa and Steven Stucky .
Edward Copleston ( 1776 -- 14 August 1849 ) was an English churchman and academic , Provost of Oriel College , Oxford from 1814 til 1828 and bishop of Llandaff from 1827 .
William Aubrey ( ca . 1529 -- 25 June 1595 ) was Regius Professor of Civil Law at the University of Oxford from 1553 to 1559 , and was one of the founding Fellows of Jesus College , Oxford .
T. Gerald Hunter , more commonly known as Jerry Hunter , is an American graduate of the University of Cincinnati ( BA ) , Aberystwyth ( MPhil ) and Harvard University ( PhD ) .
Anthony David Brighty was educated at Northgate Grammar School ( now Northgate High School ( Ipswich ) ) and Clare College , Cambridge .
Sam Schwartzstein ( born July 7 , 1989 ) is an American football center who played for Stanford University , who also plays guard .
Timothy M. Lohman ( born 1951 ) earned his Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 1977 .
Arthur H. Robinson ( January 5 , 1915 -- October 10 , 2004 ) was an American geographer and cartographer , who was professor in the Geography Department at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison from 1947 until he retired in 1980 .
Adeline de Monseignat obtained her BA in Language and Culture from University College London in 2009 , and completed her Fine Art Foundation Course at the Slade School of Fine Art before graduating from her MA in Fine Art at City and Guilds of London Art School in 2011 with distinction .
Silver Meikar was born in Tartu and received the basic and secondary school education in Tartu Miina Härma Gymnasium .
Architecture graduate of the École nationale supérieure des Beaux - Arts in 1939 , Toma Barbu Socolescu will work during the time of its studies on the interior of the transatlantic liner SS Normandie .
Swami Nikhilananda was born in 1895 in Bangladesh , at the time a part of India , and had his education in the University of Calcutta .
George Strauss was educated at Rugby School , where the hostile treatment experienced by him and other Jewish boys left him as a vehement supporter of racial equality .
A law graduate from the University of London , member of the Middle Temple , Madan Dulloo was first elected during the 1976 general elections under the banner of the Mauritian Militant Movement .
In the January 1996 issue of Swimming World , Tappin was featured on the cover with the caption ' Ashley Tappin University of Arizona 's Sprint Free Champ ' .
George Sterman received an A.B. from the University of Chicago in 1968 .
Jan Pronk continued to study economics at the Nederlandse Economische hogeschool ( currently Erasmus University Rotterdam , Erasmus School of Economics ) in Rotterdam , graduating in 1964 .
Giovanni Kessler graduated in law at the University of Bologna .
The range was inspired by Lee Alexander McQueen whose historyShantanu Goenka From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia Shantanu Goenka Residence Kolkata Nationality Indian Education National Institute of Fashion Technology ( NIFT ) Kolkata Occupation Fashion designer Shantanu Goenka is an Indian fashion designer based in Kolkata .
John Wheelock ( January 28 , 1754 -- April 4 , 1817 ) was the eldest son of Eleazar Wheelock who was the founder and first president of Dartmouth College ;
Anil Srivastava attended Banaras Hindu University from 1978 - 85 for graduation and post graduation .
James Bramston ( circa 1694 - 1743 ) , satirist , educated at Westminster School and Oxford , took orders and was later Vicar of Harting .
Steven J. Dick received a Bachelor of Science in astrophysics from Indiana University in 1971 .
A former National Merit Scholar , Chubb Rock was a pre - med student who dropped out of Brown University to pursue his musical career .
Nicholas Callaway graduated from Harvard University with a degree in Classics and Fine Arts , where he studied with Robert Fitzgerald and Emily Vermeule .
Louis Massignon started his studies at the Lycée Louis - le - Grand in Paris ( 1896 ) where he befriended his classmate Henri Maspero , later a renowned sinologist .
A native of Brooklyn , Eric Ober is a graduate of Yale University ( B.A. ) and Columbia University ( M.A. ) .
In the early 1970s David Karoly enrolled in applied mathematics at Monash University , Melbourne , but later became interested in meteorology .
Giuseppe Amisani e Amedeo Bocchi , Esposizione di Belle Arti di Brera , Brera Academy , Milan , 1912 .
Fiona Ma received a bachelor 's degree in accounting at Rochester Institute of Technology , a master 's degree in taxation from Golden Gate University , and an MBA from Pepperdine University .
Haitham al - Haddad gained a PhD at SOAS , University of London and is a Saudi - trained Imam .
James George Smith ( August 20 , 1819 -- September 16 , 1849 ) was one of eight founders of Beta Theta Pi , a prominent college fraternity founded at Miami University in 1839 .
Richard Harbert Smith ( born January 15 , 1894 , in Dillsboro , Indiana , USA -- after 1951 ) was a professor and researcher of aeronautical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , from 1929 to 1945 .
Joseph Siravo ( born February 12 , 1957 ) is an American actor and graduate of both Stanford and New York University 's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts .
Yu Lihua was born in Shanghai and went to university in Taiwan , taking history at National Taiwan University .
Rich Kenah graduated from Georgetown University with a degree in International Marketing in 1992 .
Raymond Dwek was educated at Carmel College , then the University of Manchester where he studied Chemistry ( 1960 - -64 ) .
Uee and her co - star , Joo Won , both studied acting at Sungkyunkwan University and already knew each other .
Samuel Fell D.D. ( 1584 -- 1 February 1649 ) was an English academic and clergyman , Dean of Christ Church , Oxford and Vice - Chancellor of the University of Oxford during the First English Civil War .
Ronald Milne was born in Duns , in the Scottish Borders , and studied German at the University of Edinburgh ; he gained professional library qualifications at University College London .
Isabelle Liberman received her bachelor 's degree from Vassar College and her doctorate from Yale University .
Hilde Mæhlum has her education from Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry in Oslo from 1965 to 1968 , the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts , Oslo from 1968 to 1975 in addition to shorter education in Dublin and New York
Esther Pasztory is a professor of Pre - Columbian art history at Columbia University .
Shirley Pearce was educated at Norwich High School for Girls , before studying Psychology , Physiology and Philosophy at St Anne 's College , Oxford University , gaining a BA degree in 1975 .
After graduating from Saint Martin 's School of Art , Gilroy set up her own design label , Darla Jane Gilroy , which had a shop on London 's King 's Road .
Marjorie Eaton had taken painting classes with Hans Hofmann at the Art Students League of New York and afterwards shared a studio with Louise Nevelson whom she met at the League .
Earl Black earned a B.A. at the University of Texas at Austin in 1964 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1968 .
Louis Freeh was then educated by the Christian Brothers and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Rutgers University in 1971 .
David Eidelberg earned his BA at Columbia University in 1977 , and his MD from Harvard Medical School ( HMS ) in 1981 .
DJ Bonics is a graduate of the University of Pittsburgh , where he was a member of Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity .
Spencer Wells ( born April 6 , 1969 ) is a geneticist , anthropologist , author , entrepreneur , adjunct professor at the University of Texas at Austin , and owner of Antone 's , an iconic nightclub in Austin , Texas .
Ray Lyman Wilbur ( April 13 , 1875 -- June 26 , 1949 ) was an American medical doctor who served as the third president of Stanford University and was the 31st United States Secretary of the Interior .
Anthony Lun is a graduate of La Salle College , Hong Kong , Santa Clara University ( Bachelor of Arts ) and University of Michigan ( trained in Masters in Music ) .
Samuel Oboh studied architecture at the Bendel State University - now Ambrose Alli University - for his bachelor 's degree ( B.Sc ) and he earned a Master of Science degree in architecture from the Ahmadu Bello University , Zaria , Nigeria .
Louis Adolphus Duhring ( December 23 , 1845 , Philadelphia -- May 8 , 1913 , Philadelphia ) was an American physician and professor of dermatology at the University of Pennsylvania .
Andrew Harman studied biochemistry at the University of York , being a member of Wentworth College .
Faithful Teate the younger entered Trinity College Dublin in 1641 at age fourteen and was later ordained into the Church of Ireland .
Kat Candler graduated in Creative Writing at Florida State University and now lives in Austin , Texas .
Jason Conley was born in San Antonio , Texas and attended Montrose Christian School in Rockville , a perennial national high school basketball power that has sent many players to the Division I and professional levels .
George William McClelland ( 1880−1955 ) was an American educator , provost of the University of Pennsylvania from 1939 to 1944 , and president of the University of Pennsylvania from 1944 to 1948 .
Byun Young - joo graduated with a Law degree from Ewha Womans University and did her graduate studies at the Department of Theater and Film at Chung - Ang University .
Yoshiyuki Sankai is a Japanese billionaire businessman and academic , the founder , president and CEO of the cyborg - robot maker Cyberdyne ; and professor of the Graduate School of Systems & Information Engineering at the University of Tsukuba .
Ian Coutts was born on 27 April 1928 in Herne Hill , south London and attended Dulwich College .
Bertrand Meyer received a master degree in engineering from the École Polytechnique in Paris , a second master 's degree from Stanford University , and a PhD from the Université de Nancy in Nancy , Meurthe - et - Moselle .
Lee Upton ( born June 2 , 1953 St. Johns , Michigan ) is an American poet , fiction writer , literary critic , and a graduate of the MFA Program for Poets & Writers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
John Henry Maunder was born in Chelsea and studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
Matthew Leydt ( 1755 - -1783 ) was the first graduate of Queen 's College ( now Rutgers University ) in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
A native of Bern , Thomas Helbling studied Law at the University of Bern and holds a Master of Laws from the University of London .
In 1977 , Alexander Lebedev entered the Department of Economics at Moscow State Institute of International Relations .
Louis Kasekende holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) in Economics from Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest university .
John E. Laird ( born March 16 , 1954 in Ann Arbor , Michigan ) is a computer scientist who , with Paul Rosenbloom and Allen Newell , created the Soar cognitive architecture at Carnegie Mellon University .
Having an engineering background , Darren Korb went to New York University for music production and music business .
Roger Revelle was born in Seattle to William Roger Revelle and Ella Dougan , and grew up in southern California , graduating from Pomona College in 1929 with early studies in geology and then earning a Ph.D. in oceanography from the University of California , Berkeley in 1936 .
After high school Greg Avioli moved to North Carolina , where he graduated with a bachelor 's degree from the University of North Carolina and earned his J.D. from the same university in 1989 .
Calvin O'Neal ( ( born October 6 , 1954 ) is a former professional American football linebacker who played for the Baltimore Colts in 1978 and was an All - American and team co - captain for the University of Michigan Wolverines in 1976 .
Deborah Bergamini studied literature and philosophy and went on to study at Smith College in Northampton , Massachusetts , specialising in political marketing .
When she was 11 , Daphne Park returned to England and was educated at Rosa Bassett School in Streatham and at Somerville College , Oxford , where she graduated with a B.A. in modern languages in 1943 .
Babatunde Adetokunbo Sofoluwe ( 15 April 1950 -- 2012 ) was a Nigerian professor of Computer science , educational administrator and former vice chancellor of the University of Lagos , Nigeria .
Kent Ninomiya graduated magna cum laude from St. Mary 's University School of Law with a Juris Doctor .
Nathaniel Foy was the son of John Foy , M.D. He was born at York , and educated at Trinity College , Dublin , of which he later became a senior fellow .
Logie Leggatt was born on the 24 September 1894 at St. John 's Hill , Bangalore and was educated at Eton College and King 's College , Cambridge .
Carol Schlosberg ( 14 June 1957 -- 29 March 1998 ) was an American painter who was born in Newton , Massachusetts , and had been an art instructor at Yale University where she earned her Master of Fine Arts in 1992 .
Lisa Nakamura earned a B.A. from Reed College and a Ph.D. in English from the Graduate Center at City University of New York .
After attending a Boston grammar school and Phillips Academy at Andover , Nathaniel Parker Willis entered Yale College in October 1823 where he roomed with Horace Bushnell .
Honorary Doctorate of Science in Education , Northeastern University , 1969 Honorary Doctor of Pedagogy , Bryant University , 1969 Honorary Doctorate of Laws , Indiana University,1974 North Carolina Award for Public Service,1977 Elizabeth Duncan Koontz Elementary School , which opened in 2006 in Salisbury , is named in her honor .
Samira Rathod attended the Sir J. J. College of Architecture in Mumbai and graduated in 1986 .
Thomas Good ( aka Thomas Goode , 1609 -- 9 April 1678 ) was an English academic and clergyman , and Master of Balliol College , Oxford .
Michael Kooman graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 2006 where he met collaborator , Dimond .
Adam Hauck studied creative writing at San Diego State University , and briefly pursued a career in journalism before moving to Los Angeles to work in television and film production .
Xavier de Villepin graduated from the renowned French business school HEC Paris in 1949 and later from the Harvard Business School .
Ritchie Girvan ( 1877 -- c. 1958 ) was a Scottish literary scholar , author , and academic ; throughout his career he was associated with the University of Glasgow , where he made his name studying the Old English poem Beowulf .
Taisiya Sergeevna Osintseva ( another spelling : Taisiya Sergeyevna Osintseva ; Russian : Таисия Сергеевна Осинцева ) ( October 9 , 1923 -- November 17 , 2008 ) was a Russian Professor of Neurology , The Honored Scientist of Russia , and The Honorary Professor of the Izhevsk State Medical Academy .
Charles Taylor took a great interest in Solomon Schechter 's work in Cairo , and the genizah fragments presented to the University of Cambridge are known as the Taylor - Schechter Collection .
Born in the Indian sub - continent , Dilip Hiro was educated in India , Britain and America , where he received a Master 's degree at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University .
Emal Pasarly is the multimedia editor for the BBC Pashto - Persian service and regularly contributes to BBC World News .
Dr. Claude Crépeau is a professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University .
Mats Alvesson , ( born 1956 ) , is a Swedish management scholar and Professor of Business Administration at Lund University , particularly known for having made key contributions in forming the field of critical management studies .
Lorna Crozier ( born 24 May 1948 in Swift Current , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian poet and holds the Head Chair in the Writing Department at the University of Victoria .
Miles Coolidge ( born 1963 , Montreal , Canada ) is a Canadian - American photographic artist and art - educator who currently teaches as a professor at the University of California , Irvine .
Lucasfilm was founded by filmmaker George Lucas in 1971 in San Rafael , California ; most of the company 's operations were moved to San Francisco in 2005 .
Mashable ( Mashable Inc. ) is a digital media website founded by Pete Cashmore in 2005 .
Fishermen 's Mission was founded originally as `` The National Mission to Deep Sea Fishermen '' by Ebenezer Joseph Mather in 1881 .
Omar Bakri Muhammad and Anjem Choudary are known to have led Al - Muhajiroun .
MJP Architects is an employee - owned British architectural practice established in 1972 by Sir Richard MacCormac , and based in Spitalfields , London .
Beginner Books is the Random House imprint for young children ages 3 - -9 , co - founded by Phyllis Cerf with Ted Geisel , more often known as Dr. Seuss , and his wife Helen Palmer Geisel .
Innovations for Poverty Action is an American non - profit organization founded in 2002 by Yale economist Dean Karlan .
The statue of Gregory of Nin by Ivan Meštrović in Split is a heavily trafficked tourist site in the town , which the toe of the statue shows .
Miljonlotteriet is a Swedish lottery company owned by IOGT - NTO , and incorporated in 1964 .
Invesco Perpetual was originally founded by Sir Martyn Arbib as Perpetual .
Color of Change was co - founded in 2005 by James Rucker and Van Jones to replicate the MoveOn.org email list model among African American Internet users .
Kickstarter launched on April 28 , 2009 , by Perry Chen , Yancey Strickler , and Charles Adler .
Saks Fifth Avenue is the successor of a business founded by Andrew Saks in 1867 and incorporated in New York in 1902 as Saks & Company .
Durtro was a British independent record label established by the British poet , singer , songwriter , and visual artist David Tibet in 1988 , to publish his own work and that of fellow friends and musicians .
The Deseret Management Corporation ( DMC ) ( i / dɛz.əˈrɛt./ ) is a management and holding company of for - profit businesses owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
International Children 's Book Day ( ICBD ) is a yearly event sponsored by the International Board on Books for Young People ( IBBY ) , an international non - profit organization .
The Institut industriel du Nord ( IDN ) is the engineering school and research institute at École Centrale de Lille from 1872 to 1991 , within the campus of the Lille University of Science and Technology ( France ) .
Animals Australia formed in 1980 , originally as the Australian Federation of Animal Societies , founded by Peter Singer and Christine Townend .
The journal Revue de synthèse was created by Henri Berr in 1900 under the title Revue de synthèse historique .
Established in 2004 by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar and his wife Pam , Omidyar Network reports it has committed more than $ 780 million to nonprofit organizations and for - profit companies across multiple investment areas , including Consumer Internet & Mobile , Education , Financial Inclusion , Governance & Citizen Engagement , and Property Rights .
The Stiftung Nordhav ( Nordhav - Stiftung or Nordhav Foundation ) was a front organization of the Sicherheitsdienst founded in 1939 by Reinhard Heydrich to obtain and manage real estate for the SS .
Smile Angel Foundation ( Chinese : 嫣然天使基金 ; pinyin : Yānrán Tiānshǐ Jījīn ; sometimes Yanran Angel Foundation ) is a Beijing - based charity founded in 2006 by Faye Wong and Li Yapeng to help Chinese children born with clefts .
Rue89 was co - founded by Pierre Haski , Pascal Riché , Arnaud Aubron , Michel Lévy - Provençal , and Laurent Mauriac .
Emerson was established in 1890 in St. Louis , Missouri as Emerson Electric Manufacturing Co. by Civil War Union veteran John Wesley Emerson to manufacture electric motors using a patent owned by the Scottish - born brothers Charles and Alexander Meston .
The company was founded on January 25 , 1964 , as Blue Ribbon Sports , by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight , and officially became Nike , Inc. on May 30 , 1971 .
The city of Joensuu , which was founded by the Czar Nicholas I of Russia in 1848 , is the regional centre and the capital of North Karelia .
Kung Fu Records is an American independent record label founded in 1996 by Joe Escalante and Warren Fitzgerald of the punk rock band The Vandals .
BlueVoice.org is an ocean conservation organization founded in 2000 by Hardy Jones and Ted Danson .
Enterprise Rent - A - Car was established in St. Louis , Missouri in 1957 by Jack C. Taylor .
In 1983 Martin Alper , Frank Herman , Terry Medway and Alan Sharam founded the computer game publishing company Mastertronic .
In 2010 , Apple Corps ranked number 2 on the Fast Company magazine 's list of the world 's most innovative companies in the music industry , thanks to the release of The Beatles :
Aftermath Entertainment is an American record label founded by hip hop artist and producer Dr. Dre .
Tooncan was an animation studio based in Montreal , Quebec founded by Paul Cadieux .
After his death in 1981 his longtime life partner Stefanie Powers , and Don and Iris Hunt created the William Holden Wildlife Foundation as a fulfillment of his desires and as a tribute to his dedication .
Intesa Sanpaolo is a banking group resulting from the merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI based in Torre Intesa Sanpaolo , Turin , Italy .
Focus on the Family ( FOTF or FotF ) is an American Christian conservative organization founded in 1977 by psychologist James Dobson , based in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Hayden , Stone & Co. was a major securities firm founded in 1892 by Charles Hayden and Galen L. Stone .
ERE Informatique was one of the first French video game companies , founded in 1981 by Philippe Ulrich and Emmanuel Viau .
International Migrants Day is an international day observed on 18 December as International Migrants Day appointed by the General Assembly of United Nations on 4 December 2000 taking into account the large and increasing number of migrants in the world .
Founded in 2011 by Gareth Nelson and Charlie Shrem , BitInstant provided a means to rapidly pay traditional funds to bitcoin exchanges .
Space Studies Institute is a non - profit organization that was founded in 1977 by the late Princeton University Professor Dr. Gerard K. O'Neill .
The Budget League was a British pressure group formed in 1909 by Winston Churchill to publicly campaign in favour of David Lloyd George 's People 's Budget in reaction to the activities of the Budget Protest League .
Original Film is an American film production company founded by Neal H. Moritz .
Originating in the Sinn Féin organisation founded in 1905 by Arthur Griffith , it took its current form in 1970 after a split within the party ( the other party became the Workers ' Party of Ireland ) , and has been historically associated with the IRA .
Sun Ra ( born Herman Poole Blount , legal name Le Sony'r Ra ; May 22 , 1914 -- May 30 , 1993 ) was an American jazz composer , bandleader , piano and synthesizer player , poet and philosopher known for his experimental music , `` cosmic philosophy , '' prolific output , and theatrical performances .
Ole Jørn Myklebust ( born 30 April 1977 in Eidsdal , Western Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( trumpet , flugelhorn and vocals ) , educated at the Norges Musikkhøgskole .
Claire Schapira studied piano , harpsichord , musical theater and composition , graduating from the Schola Cantorum .
Clarence Remus Wilson was a Rosine , Kentucky farmer who also played the fiddle and five - string banjo .
Alfred Genovese ( April 25 , 1931 -- March 11 , 2011 ) was principal oboe of both the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra .
Eugen Barbu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( e.uˈd͡ʒen ˈbarbu ) ; 20 February 1924 -- 7 September 1993 ) was a Romanian modern novelist , short story writer , journalist , and correspondent member of the Romanian Academy .
Étienne - Louis Boullée ( February 12 , 1728 -- February 4 , 1799 ) was a visionary French neoclassical architect whose work greatly influenced contemporary architects .
Philippe Morillon ( born 24 October 1935 in Casablanca , Morocco ) is a former French general and was a Member of the European Parliament until 2009 .
Charles Abraham Chasselat , a French historical painter , was the son of Pierre Chasselat .
Vicente Alberti y Vidal ( Mahón , 1786 -- 1859 ) was a Spanish writer .
WWNR is a News / Talk / Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Beckley , West Virginia , serving Beckley and Oak Hill in West Virginia .
CHRI - FM is a Canadian non - profit , charity - status and commercial radio station , which broadcasts at 99.1 FM in Ottawa , Ontario .
WDXQ ( 1440 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Cochran , Georgia , USA .
VOCM - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.5 MHz from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Licensed to Hallie , Wisconsin , WWIB serves the Eau Claire - Chippewa Falls area .
East Lothian ( Scots : Aest Lowden , Scottish Gaelic : Lodainn an Ear ) , is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland , and a lieutenancy area .
Clogherhead ( Irish : Ceann Chlochair ) is a fishing village in County Louth , Ireland .
Barroquinha is a community in the Brazilian state of Ceará .
Pęczków ( ˈpɛnt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Smailholm Tower is a peel tower at Smailholm , around five miles ( 8 km ) west of Kelso in the Scottish Borders .
The Winchester Model 69 was a bolt - action .22 caliber repeating rifle first produced in 1935 by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company .
The Robotron KC 87 , fully known as the Kleincomputer robotron KC 87 ( KC standing for Kleincomputer , lit . `` small computer '' ) , was an 8-bit home computer released in 1987 and produced in East Germany by the VEB Robotron - Meßelektronik `` Otto Schön '' Dresden , part of the Kombinat Robotron .
The DKW Junior was a small front wheel drive saloon manufactured by Auto Union AG . The car received a positive reaction when first exhibited , initially badged as the DKW 600 , at the Frankfurt Motor Show in March 1957 .
The Expeditionary tank was later solicited to other nations by Teledyne and later General Dynamics but was never bought .
The SNCF TGV 2N2 or Euroduplex is a high speed TGV train built by Alstom and operated by SNCF , the French national railway company and ONCF , the Moroccan national railway company .
The Lightning GT is a battery - electric sports car under development by the Lightning Car Company , in Coventry and due for release at the end of 2015 .
The Continental O-520 is a six - cylinder , horizontally opposed aircraft engine produced by Teledyne Continental Motors .
The BYD F0 , formerly known as BYD F1 , is an unlicensed copy of the small Supermini Toyota Aygo by Chinese automaker BYD Auto , according to European Courts .
German submarine U-196 was a Type IXD2 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 10 June 1941 at the AG Weser yard in Bremen , launched on 24 April 1942 , and commissioned on 11 September 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Eitel - Friedrich Kentrat .
The RL10 was first tested on the ground in 1959 , at Pratt and Whitney 's Florida Research and Development Center in West Palm Beach , Florida .
The Hyundai Mighty II ( hangul:현대 마이티 투 , 현대 마이티 II ) is a line of light - duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company .
General Motors and Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation ( SAIC ) established a joint venture in 1997 called Shanghai General Motors Company Limited ( Chinese : 上海通用汽車有限公司 ) and began assembling the Buick Regal ( Chinese : 别克君威 ) in Shanghai , China in 1999 .
HMS Poseidon ( P99 ) was a Parthian - class submarine designed and built by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering in Barrow - in - Furness for the Royal Navy , launched on 22 August 1929 .
The D&RGW K-27 class are 3 foot narrow gauge , Mikado type , 2 - 8 - 2 steam railway locomotives built for the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1903 .
AC Ace is a car which was produced by AC Cars of Thames Ditton , England , from 1953 to 1963 .
The Remington Rolling Block rifle was a breech - loading rifle produced from the mid-1860s into the early 20th century by E. Remington and Sons ( later Remington Arms Company ) .
New Hope & Ivyland 40 is a 2 - 8 - 0 Consolidation type steam locomotive built in 1925 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Lancaster and Chester Railroad .
LMS diesel shunter 7058 was based on an earlier Armstrong Whitworth prototype of 1932 , which had been tested by the London , Midland and Scottish Railway .
The General Electric GAU-13/A is a 30 mm electric Gatling - type rotary cannon derived from the GAU-8 Avenger cannon .
A Spalding Hi - Bounce Ball , often called a Spaldeen , is a small rubber ball , somewhat similar to a racquetball , and supposedly made from the defective core of a tennis ball without the felt .
Emerson Electric 's AN / APQ-153 was an I band radar system developed for the Northrop F-5E fighter aircraft .
The Winchester Model 1911 SL Shotgun was a self - loading , recoil - operated shotgun produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company from 1911 to 1925 .
The Zastava Master FLG is a 9 mm submachine gun developed by Zastava Arms in the early 1990s in Yugoslavia .
The Sigma DP3 Merrill is a high - end compact digital camera made by Sigma Corporation .
The National Corvette Homecoming is an annual event held in Bowling Green , Kentucky celebrating America 's production sports car , the Chevrolet Corvette .
The Bücker Bü 181 Bestmann was a two - seater , single - engine aerobatic monoplane aircraft built by Bücker Flugzeugbau GmbH in Rangsdorf , near Berlin and extensively used by the Luftwaffe in World War II .
The RD-0110R engines is produced on the Voronezh Mechanical Plant .
The RD-170 ( РД-170 , Ракетный Двигатель-170 , Rocket Engine-170 ) is the world 's most powerful liquid - fuel rocket engine , designed and produced in the Soviet Union by NPO Energomash for use with the Energia launch vehicle .
SS Príncipe Perfeito was passenger ship built in 1961 by Swan Hunter on the River Tyne .
The GP2X Wiz is a handheld game console and portable media player developed by South Korean company GamePark Holdings running a Linux kernel - based embedded operating system .
The LCM-1E is a class of amphibious mechanized landing craft manufactured by Navantia at their factory in San Fernando .
HMS H49 was a British H - class submarine built by William Beardmore and Company , Dalmuir .
The Lightweight Multirole Missile ( LMM ; previously known as FASGW(L ) ) is a lightweight air - to - surface and surface - to - surface missile under development by Thales Air Defence for the United Kingdom .
The FIRESTRIKE ( also known as JHPSSL ) laser , introduced by Northrop Grumman on November 13 , 2008 , is purportedly the first combat - ready solid - state laser weapon .
Camaro Cup , officially the Camaro Cup 2000 , is a Swedish - based stock car racing series using Chevrolet Camaro Z28s .
The Canon EOS-1D X is a professional digital SLR camera body by Canon Inc. It succeeded the company 's previous flagship Canon EOS-1Ds Mark III and the Canon EOS-1D Mark IV . It was announced on 18 October 2011 .
The Brilliance BC3 is a sport compact sized coupé produced by the Brilliance Auto in the People 's Republic of China .
The AAM - A-1 Firebird was an early American air - to - air missile , developed by the Ryan Aeronautical Company .
Beagle Bag is a collection of video games for the Apple II family of computers published in 1982 by Beagle Bros Software .
The Tupolev Tu-204 is a twin - engined medium - range jet airliner capable of carrying 210 passengers , designed by Tupolev and produced by Aviastar SP and Kazan Aircraft Production Association .
HMS H24 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited , Barrow - in - Furness , as part of the Batch 3 H class submarines .
Leo Varadkar ( born 18 January 1979 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician , and the Minister for Health since 2014 .
Pongsapat Pongcharoen ( Thai : พงศพัศ พงษ์เจริญ ) was the Deputy Commissioner - General of the Royal Thai Police and 2013 Bangkok gubernatorial candidate for Pheu Thai Party .
Charles Morgan Norwood ( 1825 -- 24 April 1891 ) was an English steam ship owner and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1885 .
Gordon Macdonald , 1st Baron Macdonald of Gwaenysgor , PC ( 27 May 1888 -- 20 January 1966 ) was a British Labour Party politician and Newfoundland 's final British governor as well as the last chairman of the Commission of Government serving from 1946 until the colony joined Confederation in 1949 and became a province of Canada .
Bongi Sithole is a member of the African National Congress and former mayor of Umgungundlovu District Municipality .
Paul Pageau ( born October 1 , 1959 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Los Angeles Kings during the 1980 - -81 NHL season .
Viktor Claesson ( born 2 January 1992 ) is a Swedish international footballer playing for IF Elfsborg .
Jiří Pavlenka ( born 14 April 1992 ) is a Czech football player who plays for FC Baník Ostrava .
Stephen Wagner ( born January 17 , 1977 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons for the Wichita Thunder in the Central Hockey League ( CHL ) .
Joe Wardle ( born 22 September 1991 ) is a professional rugby league player who is currently contracted to the Huddersfield Giants of Super League .
Ander Murillo García ( born 26 July 1983 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca F.C. as a defender .
George Bunter is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s , playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Broughton Rangers , and Dewsbury ( guest ) , as a Second - row , i.e. number 11 or 12 , during the era of contested scrums .
In 1997 , he played for the Baltimore Bays As of 2007 , he is the President of the Todd Hicks Pro Soccer Academy in Carroll County , Maryland and York County , Pennsylvania .
Thomas Holbein ( born March 6 , 1983 in Belfort ) is a French professional footballer , who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur 2 for AS Illzach Modenheim .
Chad Owens ( born April 3 , 1982 ) is a professional American , Canadian and Arena football wide receiver and kick returner for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
Fred Spiksley ( 25 January 1870 , Gainsborough -- 28 July 1948 , Goodwood ) was an English footballer and coach , who played as a forward for Sheffield Wednesday F.C. and England .
Tariq Chihab ( Arabic : طارق شهاب‎ , born 22 November 1975 ) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays for FC Sion and the Morocco national football team .
Aditya Putra Dewa ( born in Indonesia , June 11 , 1990 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder .
Mihajlo Stanković ( born 5 June 1993 ) is a Serbian volleyball player , a member of Serbia men 's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów , U19 European Champion 2011 , U19 World Champion 2011 .
Kostas Stavrothanasopoulos ( Greek : Κώστας Σταυροθανασόπουλος , born 6 February 1992 ) is a Greek footballer , who plays for Akropolis IF in Sweden as an attacking midfielder / forward .
Graham Campbell ( born 22 July 1936 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played 151 games for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League from 1956 until 1964 .
Steele Sidebottom ( born 2 January 1991 ) is a professional Australian rules football player currently playing for the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Sean Okoli ( born February 3 , 1993 ) is an American professional soccer who last played for New England Revolution in Major League Soccer .
Daniel Haas ( born on 1 August 1983 in Erlenbach am Main , West Germany ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1 . FC Union Berlin .
Ahmad Sabri Ismail ( born 11 May 1963 in Alor Setar , Kedah ) is a former Malaysian football goalkeeper who played most notably for Kedah FA and spent a year for Penang FA .
Jamie Fraser ( born November 17 , 1985 in Sarnia , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Vienna Capitals of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Mark Walczak is a former NFL professional Football player who played tight end and long snapper for five NFL seasons for the Indianapolis Colts , Buffalo Bills , Phoenix Cardinals , and San Diego Chargers .
Jan - André Sievers ( born 5 August 1987 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German football player currently playing for SC Fortuna Köln .
Peter Casparsson ( born 14 March 1975 in Falun ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey defenceman currently a goaltending coach for Mora IK of the HockeyAllsvenskan He played in the Swedish Elitserien for Leksands IF , Linköpings HC and Malmö IF .
Yuichi Kubo ( 久保 裕一 , born September 26 , 1988 ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Fagiano Okayama , as a striker .
Said Ali ( born October 26 , 1980 ) is a former Canadian - Jordanian forward who began his career in 2004 with Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL Pro Select League .
Joelson Santos Silva or simply Joelson ( born November 19 , 1980 in Uruçuca - BA , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder for Villa Nova Atlético Clube .
Nemanja Đurović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Ђуровић ; born 20 December 1986 ) is a Serbian - Bosnian professional football player currently playing in Macedonian club FK Teteks .
Jeff Yorga ( born October 31 , 1981 in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan ) was a Canadian Football League offensive lineman for the Toronto Argonauts .
Charles Laverick ( 1881 -- after 1906 ) was an English footballer who made 74 appearances in the Football League playing for Doncaster Rovers and Lincoln City .
Tim Meamber ( born October 29 , 1962 in Yreka , CA ) is a former professional American football linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings in the National Football League .
Rhys Tyler ( born 18 September 1992 ) is an English professional footballer who plays in Germany for Rot - Weiß Oberhausen as a left back .
Tariku Getnet is an Ethiopian professional footballer , who plays as a Goal keeper for Dedebit F.C ..
Clifford Brooks , Jr. ( born June 21 , 1949 in Pineland , Texas ) is a former American Football defensive back in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns , the Philadelphia Eagles , the Buffalo Bills , and the New York Jets .
Eric Calder ( born July 26 , 1963 in Kitchener , Ontario and raised in Waterloo , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played two games in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals .
Roman Erat ( born 12 May 1979 in Třebíč ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga .
Ihor Kalinin ( Russian : Игорь Олегович Калинин -- Igor Olegovich Kalinin ; Ukrainian : Ігор Олегович Калінін -- Ihor Olehovych Kalinin ; born 11 November 1995 in Kerch , AR Crimea , Ukraine ) , is a professional Russian football midfielder who played for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Werner Gregoritsch ( born March 22 , 1958 ) is an Austrian football manager formerly with Kapfenberger SV , SV Mattersburg and Grazer AK .
Troy Slattery ( 6 August 1973 ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for South Sydney Rabbitohs , Huddersfield Giants , and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , as a Second - row .
Josep Raich Garriga ( August 28 , 1913 - 25 July 1988 ) is a former Spanish footballer of Catalan ethnicity who played for Joventut FC , CE Júpiter and FC Barcelona in Spain and FC Sète and Troyes AC in France .
Nikos Tzimogiannis ( born 17 November 1987 ) is a Greek footballer who currently plays in Greek second division for Panegialios F.C ..
Renāte Fedotova ( born 12 December 1996 ) is a Latvian football striker , who is currently playing for Rīgas FS .
Skerdi Bejzade ( born 30 November 1974 ) is an Albanian football player , who has played for KF Partizani , KS Elbasani and KS Vllaznia in the Albanian Superliga .
Rodney Bartholomew ( born May 21 , 1989 ) is an American professional basketball player last played for the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA D - League .
Sebastian Schuppan ( born 18 July 1986 in Lauchhammer , Brandenburg ) is a German footballer , who currently plays for Arminia Bielefeld .
Seven weeks into the 1967/1968 NHL season the St. Louis Blues acquired Red Berenson along with Barclay Plager from the New York Rangers .
Osnar Noronha Montani ( born 17 December 1991 ) is a Peruvian footballer currently playing for Alianza Lima in the Torneo Descentralizado , as an attacking midfielder or left winger
Anders Bäckström ( born December 12 , 1960 ) is a former Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who played for Brynäs IF of the Swedish Elitserien .
Gary Boughton ( born November 16 , 1988 ) is an American soccer player currently playing for Rochester Lancers .
Konstantin Čupković ( born 2 January 1987 ) is a Serbian volleyball player , a member of Serbia men 's national volleyball team and French club Tours VB , medalist of leagues :
David Jobin ( born September 27 , 1981 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the SC Bern in Switzerland 's National League A ( NLA ) .
Matthew Egan ( born 10 July 1983 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ali Ahmed Mabkhout Mohsen Omaran Alhajeri ( Arabic : علي أحمد مبخوت محسن عمران الهاجري‎ ; born 5 October 1990 ) known as Ali Mabkhout , is an Emirati professional footballer who plays as a forward for Al Jazira Club and the UAE national team .
Ladarius Green ( born May 29 , 1990 ) is an American football tight end for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Maksym Ilyuk ( Ukrainian : Максим Анатолійович Ілюк , born 10 November 1990 in Krasnoilsk , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a striker on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Claxton Welch ( born July 3 , 1947 in Portland , Oregon ) is a former NFL running back , that played for the Dallas Cowboys , the New Orleans Saints , and the New England Patriots .
Raúl Bravo Sanfélix ( born 14 April 1981 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club Veria F.C. on loan from Aris FC .
Albian Muzaqi Mustafa ( born 24 November 1994 ) is a Germany born Dutch professional footballer from Albanian descent who plays as a striker for ASV Geel , on loan from K.R.C. Genk .
Ian Talbot ( born 24 January 1977 ) , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Wigan Warriors , Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , and Dewsbury Rams , as a Hooker .
Jaroslav Kentoš ( born 14 May 1974 ) is a former football player from Slovakia and former manager of MŠK Žilina B. He spent successful period of coaching as a manager of ŽP Šport Podbrezová .
Marcel Landers ( born 24 August 1984 in Oberhausen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German footballer who plays for Rot - Weiß Oberhausen II . He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2 .
Damian Kowalczyk ( born 3 August 1995 in Jawor ) is a Polish football player who plays as a striker in Zagłębie Lubin .
João Pedro Guerra Cunha ( born 4 May 1986 in Figueira de Castelo Rodrigo , Guarda ) , known as João Pedro , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Apollon Limassol on loan from S.C. Braga as a midfielder .
Filip Despotovski started his career in Macedonia in FK Vardar 's youth school , SSK Mladinec , but would sign his first professional contract with Cementarnica 55 .
Vanessa Bernauer ( born 23 March 1988 ) is a Swiss football midfielder , currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg in the German Bundesliga .
Barry Pugh is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Wales , and at club level for Barrow Raiders , as a Loose forward / Lock .
Bartal Eliasen ( born 23 August 1976 ) is a Faroese international footballer who plays professionally as a defender for ÍF Fuglafjørður .
Pāvels Surņins ( born 4 August 1985 in Liepāja , Latvia ) is a Latvian former professional football midfielder , who spent all his career with FK Liepājas Metalurgs in the Latvian Higher League .
James Bater ( born 7 January 1980 in Bridgend , Wales ) is a former Welsh rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker for Llanelli Scarlets in the Magners League .
Manuel Gourlade ( 25 October 1872 -- 1 January 1944 ) was the first manager of S.L. Benfica and one of the driving forces that led to the creation of Sport Lisboa that 4 years later would be known as Sport Lisboa e Benfica .
Idan Rubin ( Hebrew : עידן רובין‎;born July 2 , 1983 ) is an Israeli footballer formerly playing for Dunaújváros FC .
Paweł Hajduczek ( born November 12 , 1982 in Poland ) is a Polish football midfielder for ŁKS Łódź .
Lukáš Říha ( born March 20 , 1981 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays in Poland with TH Unia Oświęcim .
Chase Polacek ( born June 19 , 1989 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Peoria Rivermen in the American Hockey League .
Keron Cummings ( born 28 May 1988 ) , is an international soccer player from Trinidad and Tobago who plays professionally for North East Stars FC as a midfielder .
Chris Burkett ( born August 21 , 1962 in Laurel , Mississippi ) is a former professional American football player who was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the 2nd round of the 1985 NFL Draft .
Dhanu Rosadhe ( born on June 22 , 1989 in Tuban , Tuban Regency , East Java ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League .
Joseph Clemente ( born 8 November 1987 in Goa ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Defender for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I - League .
Satrio Syam is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a defender who plays for Pelita Bandung Raya .
Peter Ndlovu ( born 25 February 1973 ) is a former professional Zimbabwe footballer and is currently the Team Manager at Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. an Premier Soccer League club in South Africa .
Loïc Loval Landré ( born 28 September 1981 ) is a Guadeloupean footballer who currently plays for US Orléans and the Guadeloupean national team .
Selsius Gebze ( born August 8 , 1985 in Papua ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Indonesian football club Persipura Jayapura .
Enis Bardhi ( born 2 July 1995 in Skopje ) is a Macedonian midfield player who currently plays for Újpest FC .
Craig Millar ( born July 12 , 1976 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers , Nashville Predators , and Tampa Bay Lightning .
Denis Vasilyevich Polyakov ( Russian : Денис Васильевич Поляков ; born February 21 , 1992 ) is a Russian football midfielder who plays for FC Pskov-747 Pskov .
Paul Cattier ( born 1 May 1986 in Avignon ) is a French professional football goalkeeper , who plays currently for Grenoble Foot 38 .
Jaroslav Hrabal ( born 8 September 1974 ) is a retired Slovak footballer who is best known for playing for FC Spartak Trnava .
Viktor Uzbek ( Ukrainian : Віктор Сергійович Узбек ) ( born 22 February 1990 in Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football who plays for Moldovan club FC Iskra - Stal .
Malcolm Frank ( born November 5 , 1968 ) is a former Canadian Football League defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos .
Sara Di Filippo is an Italian football midfielder , currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Serie A. She has been a member of the Italian national team , playing the 2005 European Championship .
Brian Ramsay ( born February 24 , 1980 in Victoria , British Columbia ) is a Canadian football offensive lineman who plays for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Kenja Turaev ( born 1 March 1989 ) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for home town club Nasaf Qarshi which is playing in Uzbek League as a striker .
Ricardo Ferreira da Silva ( born 31 December 1986 ) commonly known as Ricardinho or Ricardinho Paraiba , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Santa Tecla F.C. in the Salvadoran Primera División .
Pavol Rybár ( born 12 October 1971 in Skalica , Czechoslovakia ) was a Slovak professional ice hockey goaltender who played in HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga .
Benaouda Boudjellal nicknamed Tchengo ( born in Relizane , Algeria - died May 16 , 2014 in Oran , Algeria ) was an Algerian association football player who spent most of his career with USM Oran and MC Oran .
Adam Kokoszka ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈadam kɔˈkɔʂka ) , born 6 October 1986 in Andrychów ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a central defender for Śląsk Wrocław .
Chan Cheuk Kwong ( Chinese : 陳卓光 ; Jyutping : can4 coek3 gwong1 ; born 5 December 1984 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong semi - professional footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Southern District RSA as a defensive midfielder , and a center - back on some occasions .
Jeffrey Chad Clifton ( born June 26 , 1976 ) is a former American football offensive tackle for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Bert O'Dee ( 17 July 1896 -- 5 June 1982 ) was an Australian rules football player at the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Di You ( Chinese : 邸佑 ; pinyin : Dǐ Yòu ; born 26 November 1983 ) is a Chinese football midfielder who plays for Baoding Yingli Yitong in the China League Two .
Brian Fryer ( born July 16 , 1953 ) is a retired football player who starred at wide receiver for the University of Alberta , and played professionally for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League and the Edmonton Eskimos and Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League .
Asher Allen ( born January 22 , 1988 ) is a former American football cornerback who played for three seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Minnesota Vikings .
Telmo Teixeira - Rebelo ( born February 18 , 1988 ) is a Portuguese - German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1 . FC Magdeburg .
Thamsanqa Gabuza ( born 27 July 1987 ) is a South African footballer who plays as a striker for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League .
Rhian Davies ( born 5 January 1981 in Wales ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , who currently plays for Canberra United FC in the Australian W - League .
Martin Gerber ( born 3 September 1974 in Burgdorf , Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Kloten Flyers in the National League A ( NLA ) .
Suat Türker ( born 10 March 1976 in Bayburt , Turkey ) is a retired Turkish - German football player who last played for Kickers Offenbach II .
Sabrina Schmutzler is a German football striker , currently playing for FF USV Jena in the Bundesliga .
Riley Milne is an Australian rules footballer who formally played in the Australian Football League for the Hawthorn Football Club and currently ( as of 2015 ) plays for West Adelaide in the SANFL .
Olov Lundqvist ( born November 23 , 1988 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who plays with Asplöven HC of the Swedish Allsvenskan .
Stefan Bell ( born 24 August 1991 ) is a German footballer who plays as a centre back for 1 . FSV Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga .
Emanuel Crețulescu ( born 17 June 1992 ) is a Romanian football player , currently playing for Unirea Tărlungeni , on loan from FC Brașov .
Iván Castillejos Toledo ( born July 24 , 1984 in Toluca ) is a Mexican football striker currently playing for Jaibos Tampico Madero in Mexico .
Ted Tully ( August 8 , 1930 -- January 24 , 2003 ) was a linebacker for the Edmonton Eskimos and the BC Lions from 1950 to 1962 of the Canadian Football League .
Dumitru Radu ( born 3 March 1988 , in Ceadîr - Lunga , Moldavian SSR ) is a Moldavian football Goalkeeper who plays for FC Saxan .
Cédric Bardon ( born 15 October 1976 ) is a former French footballer who last played for Étoile Fréjus Saint - Raphaël .
Víctor Curto Ortiz ( born 17 June 1982 in Tortosa , Tarragona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a forward .
Dominic Roussel ( born February 22 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Philadelphia Flyers , Winnipeg Jets , Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Edmonton Oilers .
Matthew Lokan ( born 20 November 1982 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Port Adelaide Magpies in the South Australian National Football League .
Goran Stankovski ( Macedonian : Горан Станковски ; born 20 November 1976 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian former football striker who last played for FK Shkupi in the Second Macedonian Football League .
Hélder Esteves ( born 1 July 1977 in Bragança ) is a Portuguese football striker currently playing for US Créteil - Lusitanos .
Matthew Kreuzer ( born 13 May 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer for the Carlton Football Club .
José Ángel Blanco Hevia , simply known as José Ángel ( born 26 January 1985 ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Marino de Luanco , as a defender .
Dmitri Kagarlitsky ( born 1 August 1989 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League
Michael Busto ( born June 20 , 1986 in Burnaby , British Columbia ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman for Ducs d'Angers of the French Ligue Magnus .
William Chase Daniel ( born October 7 , 1986 ) is an American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League .
Riley Matheson ( December 12 , 1914 - June , 1987 ) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for ten seasons for the Cleveland Rams , the Detroit Lions , the Los Angeles Rams , and the San Francisco 49ers .
Hallur Hansson ( born 8 July 1992 ) is a Faroese professional football midfielder who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division club Vendsyssel FF . Before that he played one season for Víkingur Gøta .
Muhamad Zamri Chin ( born on 22 May 1985 ) is a Malaysian footballer who is a striker for Penang FA .
Antonio Sastre ( April 27 , 1911 -- November 23 , 1987 ) was an Argentine footballer who played most of his career for Club Atlético Independiente and São Paulo of Brazil .
Billy Joe Gibson ( June 28 , 1919 -- October 19 , 2002 ) was an American football defensive back and end in the National Football League for the Cleveland Rams ( 1942 , 1944 ) and the Washington Redskins ( 1943 ) .
Kirill Kabanov ( born July 16 , 1992 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward , currently playing with Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
In July 2011 , after only six league goals for Xerez in two seasons combined , including three in the 2009 - -10 campaign in an immediate relegation back from the top flight , 33-year - old Antoñito signed for CD Atlético Baleares in division three .
Marcus Coleman ( born May 24 , 1974 ) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League , who played for the New York Jets , Houston Texans and the Dallas Cowboys .
George Arnett ( born c. 1928 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts , Hamilton Tiger - Cats , and Ottawa Rough Riders .
Joe Barry Carroll played his last NBA season for the Phoenix Suns .
Max Edwards ( born in 29 November 1990 in Feltham , London , England ) , is a former English rugby league player for London Broncos in the European Super League competition .
Theophilus Annorbaah ( born 17 September 1989 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays for Medeama SC and the Ghana national football team .
Jeff Fields ( born July 3 , 1967 ) is a former professional football player who played two games as a defensive tackle with the National Football League 's Carolina Panthers .
Rashed Al - Mugren ( born January 1 , 1977 ) is a Saudi Arabian soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Al Hazm .
Jorge Diaz ( born November 15 , 1973 in New York , New York ) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Dallas Cowboys .
Markus Kankaanperä ( born April 27 , 1980 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman , currently with Tappara in SM - liiga .
Torrey Davis ( born September 24 , 1988 ) is an American football defensive tackle who played for the Calgary Stampeders , Hamilton Tiger - Cats and Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Kim Book ( born 12 February 1946 in Bath ) was a professional goalkeeper with Bournemouth , Northampton Town , Mansfield Town and Doncaster Rovers ( 84 league games ) .
Henoc Conombo ( born June 13 , 1986 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé footballer , who is currently playing for SO Chambéry Foot .
Niels Guldbjerg is a Danish retired professional footballer who played in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League for the Detroit Express , Philadelphia Fever , New Jersey Rockets and Buffalo Stallions .
Andrija Balajić ( born 22 August 1972 ) was a Croatian football defender , who last played for NK Varteks .
George Niven ( 11 June 1929 -- 17 July 2008 ) was a Scottish footballer who played during the 1950s and 60s for Rangers and Partick Thistle .
Despite being out of management for two seasons Xu Hong 's ties were strong enough for him to be given the assistant post at Dalian Shide F.C. in 2008 to Milorad Kosanović .
Yasin Yılmaz ( born February 19 , 1989 ) is a Turkish - German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Unterföhring .
Jacob Olesen ( born February 1 , 1981 ) is a Danish football striker , who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Viborg FF . He came to Viborg FF from SønderjyskE in January 2006 .
Okechukwu Odita ( born October 12 , 1983 ) is a Nigerian football player currently with Enyimba International F.C ..
Aleksandar Mitreski ( Macedonian : Александар Митрески ) ( born 5 August 1980 in Ohrid , Yugoslavia ) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who last played for Swiss club FC Aarau .
Chris Sexton ( born August 3 , 1971 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Colorado Rockies and the Cincinnati Reds .
Alon Buzorgi ( Hebrew : אלון בוזורגי‎ , born 29 March 1990 ) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel F.C. Karmiel Safed .
Emmanuel Mensah ( born 30 June 1994 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce in the Fortuna Liga .
Miha Goropevšek ( born 12 March 1991 in Celje , in the SR Slovenia of the SFR Yugoslavia - in present - day Slovenia ) is a professional Slovenian football defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Wuert Engelmann ( also spelled Weert ) ( February 11 , 1908 -- January 1979 ) was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Green Bay Packers .
Ryan LaCasse ( born February 6 , 1983 ) is a former American football linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts , primarily as a special teams player .
Ronald Lengkeek ( born 14 September 1960 ) is a former Dutch footballer who played all of his career for Sparta Rotterdam .
Ross Wardle ( born 28 April 1991 ) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a winger having previously played for Bedwas RFC .
Valentín Villazán Castro ( born on 12 February 1980 in Montevideo ) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who currently manages C.A. Rentistas in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Vlatko Andonovski ( born September 14 , 1976 ) is a Macedonian - American soccer manager and currently managing FC Kansas City in the National Women 's Soccer League and the Missouri Comets in the Major Arena Soccer League , both in the United States .
Ville Pokka ( born June 3 , 1994 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Rockford IceHogs in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) as a prospect for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Donnie Shell ( born August 26 , 1952 in Whitmire , South Carolina ) is a former American Football strong safety for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League between 1974 and 1987 .
Curt Porter ( born July 11 , 1988 in Fayette , Alabama ) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos .
Michel - Pierre Pontbriand ( born March 4 , 1983 ) is a Canadian football Fullback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Hà Minh Tuấn ( born 1 January 1991 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Forward for V - League ( Vietnam ) club QNK Quảng Nam F.C. and spent five years with former club SHB Da Nang F.C ..
Jarryd Allen ( born 14 January 1988 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the AFL 's St Kilda Football Club .
Roland Repiský ( born 30 May 1990 ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice .
George Coghill ( born March 3 , 1970 in Fredericksburg , Virginia ) is a former American football safety for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League and the Scottish Claymores ( of the World League ) .
Tim Bergin ( born in Abbeyleix ) , is an Irish rugby league player who has played for the Sheffield Eagles in the Co - operative Championship .
Jharal Yow Yeh ( born 22 December 1989 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Brisbane Broncos of the National Rugby League ( NRL ) .
Sune Sandbring ( born 10 April 1928 ) is a Swedish former footballer who played his entire career at Malmö FF as a defender .
Krišjānis Rēdlihs ( born January 15 , 1981 ) is a Latvian ice hockey player who currently plays as defenceman for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Stephen Wojciechowski ( born December 25 , 1922 ) , also known as Steve Wochy , is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player , who played 54 games for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League .
Arnór Ingvi Traustason ( born 30 April 1993 ) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays for IFK Norrköping as a midfielder .
Martin Latka ( born 28 September 1984 ) is a Czech footballer who currently plays as central defender for Fortuna Düsseldorf .
Wawrzyniec Cyl ( July 2 , 1900 -- February 7 , 1974 ) was a Polish footballer ( striker or defender ) who played all of his career in ŁKS Łódź .
Niels Fleuren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈniɫs ˈflʏː.rə(n ) ) , born 1 November 1986 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for VVV - Venlo .
Károly Czanik ( born 13 September 1984 in Komárno ) is a Hungarian football ( midfielder ) player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE .
Marco Küntzel ( born 22 January 1976 in Ludwigslust ) is a German football striker who plays for BC Aichach .
Anthony Donald Laster ( born December 13 , 1958 ) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Washington Redskins and the Detroit Lions .
Jakub Voráček ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjakup ˈvoraːtʃɛk);born August 15 , 1989 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Matthias Lehmann ( born 28 May 1983 in Ulm ) is a German football midfielder who plays for 1 . FC Köln .
Borislav Mikić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борислав Микић , born 20 December 1975 ) is a Bosnian Serb footballer playing in First League of the Republika Srpska club FK Rudar Prijedor .
Thiago Quirino da Silva or simply Quirino ( born 4 January 1985 in Belo Horizonte ) is a Brazilian football striker , who plays for Japanese side Shonan Bellmare .
Jung Min - woo ( Hangul : 정민우 ; born 1 December 1992 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Suwon FC in K League Challenge .
Jamie Cording ( born 30 December 1989 ) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Featherstone Rovers .
Marcos Urbina ( born April 15 , 1985 ) is a Defender currently playing for the club Monarcas Morelia in the Primera División de México .
Oscar Ignacio Carrasco Sotelo ( born June 30 , 1982 in Morelia ) is a Mexican football player who plays as a midfielder for Delfines F.C. on loan from Monarcas Morelia .
Lars Krogh Jeppesen ( Born 5 March 1979 ) is a former Danish handball left back , who played for KIF Kolding and previous Danish national team .
Dave Coggin ( October 30 , 1976 in Covina , California ) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 2000 through 2002 for the Philadelphia Phillies .
Klaus Berggreen ( born February 3 , 1958 ) is a Danish former football player , who most prominently played for Italian clubs Pisa and A.S. Roma .
Abdoh Baker Bernaoy , a defender playing at Al - Nassr Club in Saudi Arabia .
Petter Andersson ( born 20 February 1985 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays FC Midtjylland in the Danish Superliga as a midfielder .
Milena Vuković is a Serbian football goalkeeper currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt in the Austrian Bundesliga at SV Neulengbach .
Wayne Capers ( born May 17 , 1961 in Miami , Florida ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Indianapolis Colts .
In January 2012 Christian Nørgaard made a € 400 K transfer from the Danish side Lyngby BK and signed a three - and - half - year - contract with the German giants Hamburger SV which tied him to the club until the summer 2015 .
Raoul Ngadrira ( born 30 June 1989 in Kinshasa ) is a Zaire - born Belgian footballer who plays as a forward for R.E. Virton .
Frederik Møller ( born 8 July 1993 ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left back for Danish 1st Division club AC Horsens .
Borja Navarro Landáburu ( born 13 May 1988 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for AFC Săgeata Năvodari in Romania , as a central defender .
Niklas Anger ( born 14 July 1977 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the EHC Basel team in the Swiss National League A.
Szilvia Szeitl ( born 26 April 1987 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing in the Hungarian First Division for 1 . FC Femina , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Cédric Joqueviel ( born July 21 , 1982 in Montpellier ) is a French footballer currently playing at Castelnau Le Crès FC .
Paolo Duca ( born 3 June 1981 in Ascona ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who currently serves as captain of HC Ambrì - Piotta of the Swiss National League A ( NLA ) and participated in the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team .
Tobias Pachonik ( born 4 January 1995 ) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for Stuttgarter Kickers on loan from 1 .
Robin Jowitt is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , Dewsbury Rams , Gateshead Thunder , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Prop .
Brian Oliván Herrero ( born 1 April 1994 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays Granada CF B as a left back .
Jérémie Bréchet made his debut in the professional football during the 1998 - -99 season in the shirt of Olympique Lyonnais .
Sean Paterson ( born 25 March 1987 in Greenock , Inverclyde ) is a Scottish semi - professional footballer who is currently playing for Burscough F.C ..
Ufuk Budak ( born 26 May 1990 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer of Turkish descent , who plays as a defender for Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor .
Pero Stojkić ( born December 9 , 1986 in Mostar , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a football player currently playing for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wilfried Tekovi ( born 10 October 1989 ) is a Togolese international footballer who plays professionally as a defender for French side FC Gueugnon .
Lars Toborg ( born 19 August 1975 ) is a German football forward , who plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen in 2 .
Sandy Fulton made his debut in 1957 for Enniskillen Rangers at the age of 13 years and four months , scoring on his debut in the local derby against Enniskillen Corinthians and proving the old maxim that `` if you are good enough then you are old enough '' .
Stijn de Looijer ( born 31 March 1992 ) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for JVC Cuijk in the Dutch Topklasse .
In August 2008 Jofre signed with Rayo Vallecano , freshly promoted to the second level .
William Antonio Torres Cabrera ( born May 30 , 1981 in San Salvador , El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran professional football player , who currently plays as a defender for Once Municipal in the Salvadoran Premier Division .
Mattias Bjärsmyr ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈbjæʂ.ˈmʏr ) ; born 3 January 1986 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a defender .
Lefty Webb ( March 1 , 1885 -- January 12 , 1958 ) was a baseball player for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1910 .
Marni Djurhuus ( born 6 September 1985 ) is a Faroese football defender who currently plays for Faroe Islands Premier League team EB / Streymur .
Mateusz Szymorek ( born November 4 , 1993 in Bełchatów ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Polish club GKS Bełchatów .
Emmi Alanen ( born 30 April 1991 ) is a Finnish football midfielder and former wrestler who plays for Swedish Damallsvenskan club Umeå IK .
Trevor Exton ( born 8 November 1981 ) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player , who played for Sheffield Eagles in England .
Alejandro Meleán Villarroel ( born June 16 , 1987 ) is an American - born Bolivian professional football player who currently plays for Oriente Petrolero in the Bolivian Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
Phí Minh Long ( born 11 February 1995 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Hanoi T&T F.C.
Beau Muston ( born 1 March 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2006 to 2010 .
Antonio Edwards ( born March 10 , 1970 in Moultrie , Georgia ) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Seattle Seahawks , the New York Giants , the Atlanta Falcons , and the Carolina Panthers .
Caitano Costa ( born 27 October 1980 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Salgaocar F.C. in the I - League on loan from Pune .
Nikki Walker ( born 5 March 1982 in Aberdeen ) is a former Scotland international rugby union Rugby player who is now a player coach for Hawick RFC , while still contracted to Edinburgh Rugby .
Vladimirs Bespalovs ( born 22 June 1988 in Ventspils ) is a Latvian professional footballer , who last played for FK Ventspils in the Latvian Higher League .
Volkan Demirel ( Turkish : ( voɫkan demiɾeɫ ) ; born 27 October 1981 , ) is a Turkish goalkeeper who plays for the Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe S.K. and is also the goalkeeper for the Turkey national football team .
Richard Varkulis is a retired British rugby league player whose previous clubs include Warrington Wolves , Widnes Vikings , Halifax and Whitehaven .
Fred Ferdinando Mote or Fred Mote or just called Nando ( born November 15 , 1989 in Wamena ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Perseru Serui in the Indonesia Super League .
Ian Durrant ( born 29 October 1966 ) is a retired Scottish professional footballer who played for the Scottish clubs Rangers and Kilmarnock , as well as the Scotland national team .
Gerhard Mostert is a professional rugby union player who plays for Stade Français in the Top 14 .
Eneko Capilla González ( born 13 June 1995 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a left winger .
Jérémy Maison ( born 21 July 1993 ) is a French road cyclist , currently riding for CC Étupes .
Luciano Palos ( born November 29 , 1979 in Rosario , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Santiago Morning of the Primera Division Chilena .
Supriyono Salimin ( born on August 10 , 1981 ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as full - back for Gresik United and the Indonesia national team .
Steve Lomasney ( born August 29 , 1977 in Melrose , Massachusetts , USA ) was in the late 1990s a highly regarded catching prospect for the Boston Red Sox .
Emmanuel Sarki ( born 26 December 1987 in Kaduna ) is a Haitian international footballer who plays for Ekstraklasa club Wisła Kraków .
Jordan Eagers ( born 3 January 1989 , in Sheffield , England ) is an English football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Sheffield F.C ..
Frank van der Struijk ( born 28 March 1985 in Boxtel ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back or centre back for Willem II in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Paddy Coupar ( born 26 June 1986 in Blairgowrie , Scotland ) is a Scottish rugby league player for the Edinburgh Eagles in the Rugby League Conference Scotland Division , he previously played for Workington Town in Co - operative Championship 1 .
Mattia Pin ( born February 17 , 1988 in Rome ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Crociati Noceto on loan from Parma F.C.
Niclas Ekberg ( born 23 December 1988 ) is a Swedish handballer who plays for THW Kiel , the Swedish national team , before playing in Kiel he played for AG København in the Danish Handball League .
Beikhokhei Beingaichho ( born 15 August 1990 ) is an Indian footballer who plays primarily as a winger for Bengaluru FC in the I - League .
Sezer Öztürk ( born 3 November 1985 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor , on loan from Beşiktaş .
Mervyn Keane is a former Australian rules football player and coach who played in the VFL between 1972 and 1984 for the Richmond Football Club .
Edison Ames ( born 28 May 1985 in Merauke , Papua ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a Defender for club Persidafon Dafonsoro .
Eva Nadia González ( born 2 September 1987 ) is an Argentinian association football centre - back , currently playing for the women 's section of Boca Juniors in the Campeonato de Fútbol Femenino .
Shawn Gallant ( born October 14 , 1976 in Windsor , Ontario ) was a Canadian football defensive back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Muhammad Shameer Aziq Bin Abdul Razak ( born 30 December 1995 ) is a Singapore international footballer who plays as a forward for S.League club Courts Young Lions .
Monica Hickmann Alves ( born 21 April 1987 ) , commonly known as Mônica , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Orlando Pride in National Women 's Soccer League and the Brazil national team .
Sofia Skog ( born 1 October 1988 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC in the fully professional Damallsvenskan , the top Swedish women 's league , as a midfielder .
Artur Sobiech ( ( ˈartur ˈsɔbjɛx ) ; born 12 June 1990 in Ruda Śląska ) is a Polish footballer , currently playing for Bundesliga club Hannover 96 .
Matt Reem ( born December 23 , 1972 , in Racine , Wisconsin ) was an American football offensive lineman and tight end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins , the Miami Dolphins and the New England Patriots .
The same day as that announcement , the Dutch club FC Utrecht offered Alexander Gerndt a 35-million SEK deal .
Doctor Siyabonga Sangweni ( born 29 September 1981 in Empangeni , KwaZulu - Natal ) , known as Siyabonga Sangweni , is a South African soccer defender for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates and South Africa .
Martin Lundberg ( born June 7 , 1990 , in Skellefteå , Sweden ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player , currently with Skellefteå AIK the Swedish elite league Elitserien .
Oleksandr Babych ( born 15 February 1979 in Alchevsk , Luhansk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a former professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League and is now coaching their youth squad .
Predrag Živadinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пpeдpaг Живaдинoвић ; born 7 July 1983 in Kragujevac ) is a Serbian football striker , currently playing for FK Mladost Lučani .
Denis Boucher ( born March 7 , 1968 ) is a Canadian former starting pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Toronto Blue Jays , Cleveland Indians , and Montreal Expos .
Emir Kujović ( Cyrillic : Емир Кујовић ) ( born 22 June 1988 in Bijelo Polje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for IFK Norrköping .
Arslanmyrat Amanow ( born March 28 , 1990 ) is a Turkmen footballer ( forward ) who most recently played for Olmaliq FK .
Lukas Martinka ( born 28 October 1986 in Trenčín ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league .
On 14 November 2012 it was revealed that Kenny Pavey would return to the Swedish first division having signed a two - year deal with Östers IF .
On May 30 , 2011 , Ragnar Sigurðsson signed a four - year - long contract with Danish champions F.C. Copenhagen .
Piotr Azikiewicz ( born 13 February 1995 in Legnica ) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder in Kotwica Kołobrzeg on loan from Zagłębie Lubin .
Libor Žůrek ( born 2 November 1979 in Kojetín , Czechoslovakia ) is Czech footballer who recently played for 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Artan Mërgjyshi ( born 6 May 1968 in Tirana ) is a former Albanian football player who spend the most of his nine - year career with Partizani Tirana , while he has also stints with other clubs such as Dinamo Tirana , Erzeni Shijak , Besa Kavajë and Apolonia Fier .
Kane Tenace ( born 4 July 1985 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Stamatis Kalamiotis ( Greek : Σταμάτης Καλαμιώτης ; born on 23 April 1990 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Kallithea F.C. in the Football League ( Greece ) as a central defender .
José González Brand , known as Pepe Brand ( 13 February 1900 -- 1 July 1971 ) was a Spanish professional football player and manager associated with Sevilla FC , Real Jaén and CD Castellón .
Yoenis Céspedes Milanés ( born October 18 , 1985 ) , nicknamed La Potencia , is a Cuban professional baseball outfielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Petr Holík ( born March 3 , 1992 ) is a Czech ice hockey player who currently plays for PSG Zlín .
Vasko Božinovski ( Macedonian : Васко Божиновски ) ( born 11 March 1975 ) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a central defender for FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov .
Wayne Sykes ( born 27 February 1979 ) in Stoke - On - Trent , Staffordshire , England ( moved to London at an early age ) is a former Rugby League player for the London Broncos in the Super League competition .
Reg Kent ( born Reginald Kentashuck , October 24 , 1944 , in Willingdon , Alberta ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who spent his career with the Johnstown Jets of the Eastern Hockey League and North American Hockey League .
Paulo César Urnau or simply Paulinho ( born March 12 , 1987 in Foz do Iguaçu ) is a Brazilian defensive footballer , who currently plays for Grêmio Esportivo Juventus .
Alberto Grassi ( born 7 March 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Napoli as a defensive midfielder .
Born in Leskovac , SR Serbia , back then part of Yugoslavia , Zoran Banković played for several Yugoslav First League teams such as FK Vardar , Red Star Belgrade and FK Radnički Niš .
Szeto Man Chun ( Chinese : 司徒文俊 ; Jyutping : si1 tou4 man4 zeon3 ; born 5 June 1975 in Hong Kong , China ) is a Hong Kong professional football midfielder playing for Hoi Fan .
Bojan Stepanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бojaн Cтeпaнoвић , born January 11 , 1983 ) is a Serbian footballer playing in Serbian First League club FK Timok .
Håvard Nordtveit ( born 21 June 1990 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Norway national football team .
Roland Kaspitz ( born November 1 , 1981 in Spittal an der Drau ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey Forward who is currently playing for HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Leung Hing Kit ( Chinese : 梁興傑 ; Jyutping : loeng4 hing3 git6 , born 22 October 1989 ) is a professional footballer who plays in the Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA .
Christopher Bazerque ( born March 31 , 1987 ) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for Petite Rivière Noire SC in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a defender .
Rusney Castillo Peraza ( born July 9 , 1987 ) is a Cuban professional baseball left fielder for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball .
Andree Wiedener ( born 11 March 1970 in Helmstedt ) is a former defender for German football teams SV Werder Bremen and Eintracht Frankfurt .
Vincent Logan Watkins ( born August 29 , 1989 ) is a Major League Baseball infielder in the Chicago Cubs organization .
Zafar Kholmurodov played the most time of his career for Nasaf Qarshi , he joined club in 1996 .
Kamal Djunaedi is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Super League as a striker .
Szabolcs Udvari ( born 26 July 1974 ) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Kaposvölgye VSC as defender .
Chris Hahn ( born July 28 , 1985 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player from Fort Qu'Appelle , Saskatchewan , Canada and is currently playing for Eisbären Berlin in the DEL . Hahn also has his German citizenship .
Terry O'Neal Grant ( born March 3 , 1987 ) is a former professional running back for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Luke Thilthorpe ( born 4 November 1981 ) is an Australian ice hockey player who played for the Adelaide Avalanche and Adelaide Adrenaline in the Australian Ice Hockey League between 2004 and 2011 and is a former member of the Australian national ice hockey team .
Róbert Zsolnai ( born 11 April 1982 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a professional Hungarian footballer currently playing for Budapest Honvéd FC in the Hungarian Borsodi Liga .
Marcel Dib ( born 10 August 1960 in Marseille ) is a former football midfielder in France , and who notably played for AS Monaco FC and Olympique de Marseille , at that time in Ligue 2 .
Bruno Pianissolla or simply Bruno , ( born in Guarapari , on February 5 , 1987 ) is a Brazilian goalkeeper currently playing for Ipatinga Futebol Clube .
David Dale Alexander ( April 26 , 1903 -- March 2 , 1979 ) , nicknamed `` Moose '' , was a Major League Baseball player for the Detroit Tigers ( 1929 - -1932 ) and Boston Red Sox ( 1932 - -1933 ) .
Khairan Ezuan Razali ( born 3 June 1986 in Kota Bharu , Kelantan ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Real Mulia F.C. in Malaysia FAM League .
Roman Turek ( born May 21 , 1970 in Strakonice , Czechoslovakia ) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Dallas Stars , St. Louis Blues , and Calgary Flames in a 9-year National Hockey League ( NHL ) career .
Cristian Portugués Manzanera ( born 21 May 1992 ) , commonly known as Portu , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a defensive midfielder .
Lucas Albertengo is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Club Atlético Independiente .
Born in Rio de Janeiro , Jorginho started playing professionally for local side América Football Club , moving after just one season to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo .
Philip Wiley Taylor ( March 18 , 1888 -- July 8 , 1954 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers ( 1911 ) , Chicago White Sox ( 1912 ) , and St. Louis Browns ( 1913 - -1914 ) .
Will Caldwell is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays for the New South Wales Waratahs in the international Super Rugby competition as a lock .
Several months after the bankruptcy of FC Metalurh Donetsk , on 9 October 2015 , Gregory Nelson returned to Bulgaria and signed a contract until the end of the season with Botev Plovdiv .
Craig Butler ( born December 19 , 1988 in London , Ontario ) is a professional Canadian football defensive back currently playing for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Will Cuff was an English football chairman he was in charge of Everton F.C. from 1921 to 1938 .
Kaarel Kiidron ( born 30 April 1990 ) is an Estonian international footballer who plays in Estonia for JK Tammeka Tartu , as a defender .
Jarrad Boumann ( born 18 August 1989 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Dariusz Romuzga ( born April 20 , 1971 ) is a Polish footballer ( striker ) playing currently for Kmita Zabierzów .
Mohamed Tetteh Nortey ( born 20 November 1990 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian football ( soccer ) player currently playing at the position of defender for King Faisal Babes .
George Whitelock ( born 27 March 1986 ) is a rugby union player for the Crusaders in the Super Rugby competition and Canterbury in the Air New Zealand Cup .
Romain Gall ( born January 31 , 1995 ) is an American soccer player who plays midfielder for Columbus Crew SC in Major League Soccer .
Taras Lutsenko ( born 1 February 1974 in Kiev , Soviet Union ) is a retired Ukrainian football goalkeeper for FC Dynamo Kyiv .
Steen Thychosen ( born 22 September 1958 ) is a former Danish footballer , who played 252 games and scored 101 goals for Vejle Boldklub .
Oussama Darfalou ( born September 23 , 1993 in Menaâ ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side USM Alger and the Algeria national under-23 team .
Emine Gümüş ( born July 12 , 1992 ) is a Turkish women 's football forward currently playing in the First League for Adana İdmanyurduspor with jersey number 9 .
Greg Moss ( born September 2 , 1982 ) is a Canadian Football League defensive back who previously played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Nick Sirota ( born January 28 , 1984 ) is an American professional ice hockey Right Winger who is currently playing with the Kalamazoo Wings of the ECHL .
Colin Slade ( born 10 October 1987 ) is a rugby union footballer who represents the Crusaders in the Super Rugby competition and Canterbury in the ITM Cup , playing primarily at first five - eighth , as well as all other backline positions on occasions .
Lena Petermann started her club career at Hamburger SV .
Shahrizam Mohamed ( born 27 March 1979 in Negeri Sembilan , Malaysia ) , is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Terengganu FA .
Rachid Aït - Atmane ( born 4 February 1993 ) , simply known as Rachid , is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for Spanish side Sporting de Gijón as a central midfielder .
Kojo Brown ( born November 23 , 1993 in Ghana ) is an Australian footballer , who plays for Goslarer SC 08 .
Alfredo Valente ( born November 6 , 1980 in Burnaby , British Columbia ) is a former Canadian soccer midfielder who formerly played for the Vancouver Whitecaps of the USL First Division ( USL-1 ) .
Jesse D. Smith ( born 20 February 1986 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer , playing for Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Erwan Quintin ( born 1 February 1984 in Auray ) is a French football midfielder currently playing for Stade Lavallois .
Aníbal Zurdo Rodríguez ( born 3 December 1982 in Villahermosa , Tabasco ) , known simply as Aníbal , is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Gimnàstic de Tarragona as a striker .
Nayim retired in 2000 , after a stint with Spanish second division side CD Logroñés .
Sergei Igorevich Nekrasov ( Russian : Серге́й Игоревич Некрасов ; born February 19 , 1986 ) is a Russian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Taganrog .
Stephen Worgu ( born 6 April 1990 in Brass , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Bowsher Club in Oman .
Damir Krznar ( born 10 July 1972 ) is a retired Croatian football left back , who spent his career playing for Varteks , GNK Dinamo Zagreb and most recently NK Inter Zaprešić .
Jake Batchelor ( born 13 February 1992 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
David Cobeño Iglesias ( Spanish pronunciation : ( da'βið ko'βeɲo i'ɣlesjas ) ; born 6 April 1982 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a goalkeeper .
Before Christiaan Cicek came to PEC Zwolle he did a soccer internship for Syrianska FC .
Jaime Moreno Morales ( born 19 January 1974 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra ) is a former Bolivian footballer now serving as Youth Academy Technical Training Coach for D.C. United in Major League Soccer , and as the head coach of D.C. United 's U-23 side .
Jérôme Martin ( born June 1 , 1986 in Bordeaux ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Swiss club FC Le Mont as a defender .
Nick Crawford ( born January 2 , 1990 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for Dornbirner EC in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Michael Blees ( born 6 August 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented the St Kilda Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Viktorija Budrytė is a Lithuanian football striker currently playing in the A Lyga for Gintra Universitetas , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Paulin Dhëmbi ( born 9 August 1979 in Korçë ) is a former Albanian football player who played for Skënderbeu Korçë , Dinamo Tirana , Partizani Tirana and Vllaznia Shkodër and Besa Kavajë , as well as the Albania national team .
Bamba Thiam ( born 31 May 1985 in Medina Gounass ) is a Senegalese footballer who is a midfielder who plays for Dakar UC .
Karl Palatu ( born 5 December 1982 in Pärnu ) is an Estonian professional footballer , who currently plays in the Estonian Meistriliiga , for Pärnu Linnameeskond .
Farhad Valiyev ( Azerbaijani : Fərhad Vəliyev ; born 1 November 1980 ) is an Azerbaijani international football goalkeeper who plays for FK Qarabağ in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Petr Mikolanda ( born 12 September 1984 ) is a football player from the Czech Republic who currently plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov .
Dimitar Kapinkovski ( Macedonian : Димитар Капинковски ; born 27 May 1975 ) is a retired Macedonian football player and current coach , which was recently managed FK Pelister as interim coach .
Ahmed Abdel - Raouf ( Arabic : أحمد عبد الرؤوف‎ ; born 12 April 1986 ) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Telephonat Bani Sweif .
Steven Shingler is a professional rugby union player for the Scarlets .
Turgay Tapu ( born April 29 , 1982 ) is a German football player , who currently plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen .
Edwin Rivas ( born January 8 , 1992 ) is an American soccer player who last played for Toronto FC II in the USL .
Brenton Griffiths ( born 2 September 1991 ) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Orange County Blues FC .
Luke Dunstan ( born 29 January 1995 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Oliver Schöpf ( born July 18 , 1990 ) is an Austrian professional association football player currently playing for FC Gratkorn .
Coen Maertzdorf ( born 24 August 1993 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club after having formerly played for De Graafschap .
J. R. Boone ( July 29 , 1925 -- January 21 , 2012 ) was a professional American football player who played halfback for six seasons for the Chicago Bears , the San Francisco 49ers , and the Green Bay Packers .
Nilson Machado dos Santos ( born 24 January 1973 ) , commonly known as Biro Jade , is a Brazil born , Azerbaijani futsal player who plays for Araz Naxçivan as a field player .
Horace Jenkins got his break in the summer of 2004 , playing in the Summer League with the Detroit Pistons .
Pablo Dyego da Silva Rosa ( born 8 March 1994 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Legia Warsaw on loan from Fluminense as a winger .
Richard Weiszmann ( born April 8 , 1972 ) is a retired Czechoslovakian - American soccer defender who played for the New England Revolution in 1996 .
Guyon Philips ( born 15 October 1993 , in Arnhem ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Stephen Silas is an American basketball coach , currently working as an assistant coach for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Niall Annett ( born 7 May 1992 ) is a professional rugby union player for Worcester Warriors , having previously played for Ulster Rugby .
The Pitze ( also : Pitzbach ) is a right tributary of the river Inn in the Imst ( district ) and flows through the Pitztal valley .
The Arsenyevka River ( Russian : Арсеньевка , formerly Daubi - He ) is a left tributary of the Ussuri River in Anuchinsky and Yakovlevsky Districts of Primorsky Krai , Russia .
Skawa ( German : Schaue ) is a river in southern Poland , a right tributary of the Vistula .
Kyzylsu River rises on the southern slopes of the Vakhsh Range in the north - east of Tajikistan 's Khatlon Province and runs south - west for a length of 230 km until joining Panj River on the border with Afghanistan .
The River Swilly rises near Glendore , a mountain in County Donegal , and flows for around 41.8 km ( 26.0 mi ) through Letterkenny before flowing into the Atlantic Ocean at Lough Swilly .
The Bourne Brook or Black Brook , as it is known in its upper reaches , is a tributary of the River Tame in Staffordshire , England .
The Ohlanga River is a river in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa , which empties into the Indian Ocean just north of Umhlanga , KwaZulu - Natal , north of Durban .
Viga River ( Russian : Вига ) is a river in Kostroma Oblast in Russia , a right tributary of the Unzha River .
The Pelly River is a river in Canada , and is a headstream of the Yukon River .
The Alster is a right tributary of the Elbe river in Northern Germany .
The Emba River ( Kazakh : Ембі or Kazakh : Жем , Russian : Эмба ) in west Kazakhstan rises in the Mugodzhar Hills and flows some 400 miles ( 640 km ) southwest into the Caspian Sea .
Although there is no clear channel , Tuggeranong Creek flows south - west to form confluence with the Murrumbidgee River , south of Greenway .
The River Beck is one of the tributaries of the River Ravensbourne in south London .
The Saloum River rises about 105 kilometers east of Kaolack , Senegal , and flows into the Atlantic Ocean .
The Kara Dere is a river that empties into the Black Sea 20 miles east of Trabzon , Turkey .
The Imo River ( Igbo : Imo Mmiri ) is in southeastern Nigeria and flows 240 kilometres ( 150 mi ) into the Atlantic Ocean .
The Woronora River rises on the northwestern slopes of the Illawarra escarpment and has its origin from Waratah Rivulet , near Darkes Forest , and flows generally north for approximately 36 kilometres ( 22 mi ) , joined by three minor tributaries , before reaching its confluence with the Georges River , between Como and Illawong .
Przemsza ( German : Przemsa ) is a river in the south of Poland , a tributary of the Vistula .
Magelungsdiket ( Swedish : Magelungen Ditch ) is one of three inflows of Lake Magelungen in southern Stockholm , Sweden .
The Virgin River is a tributary of the Colorado River in the U.S. states of Utah , Nevada , and Arizona .
The Djoua River is a tributary of the Ivindo River in Gabon and the Republic of the Congo .
The estuary of Saint - Charles River in Saint - Lawrence River has a special historical significance since it is at this location that was built the Saint - Lawrence Iroquoian village of Stadaconé and that Jacques Cartier spent his first winter on Canadian soil in 1535 - -36 .
The Archbach , also called Planseeache , is an about 15 km long influx on the right side of the Lech River in Tyrol , Austria .
The Eden Creek , a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment , is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Oaky River rises on the southern slopes of Round Mountain , the highest peak of the Snowy Range , a spur of the Great Dividing Range south southwest of Ebor , and flows generally southwest , joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Chandler River , southwest of Jeogla .
The Pakhra River ( Russian : Пахра́ ) is a river in Moscow Oblast and the city of Moscow , Russia , a right tributary of the Moskva River .
The Walaqa River , a tributary of the Blue Nile , is river in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
The Bargo River rises in the southern slopes of Southern Highlands , north of Colo Vale , and flows generally north - east , joined by two minor tributaries , before reaching its confluence with the Nepean River , near Bargo .
In extreme events , water from the Finke River flows into the Macumba River , and thence into Lake Eyre , a total distance from headwater streams of around 750 km ( 470 mi ) .
Moonan Brook , a mostly perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment , is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Johanna River rises in the Otway Ranges in southwest Victoria , below Lavers Hill and flows generally south through the Great Otway National Park before reaching its river mouth and emptying into the Great Australian Bight , west of Cape Otway at Johanna Beach , near Johanna .
The Limpopo River rises in central southern Africa , and flows generally eastwards to the Indian Ocean .
The river flows generally northwest to the Staaten River National Park and then west , joined by eleven minor tributaries before reaching its mouth and emptying into the Gulf of Carpentaria .
The headwaters of the Taggerty River rise on the north -- western slopes of the Yarra Ranges , below Lake Mountain and descend to flow into the Steavenson River near Marysville .
The Ivaí River ( Portuguese , Rio Ivaí ) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil .
The Mtshabezi River is a tributary of the Thuli River in southern Zimbabwe .
The Zarqa River ( Arabic : نهر الزرقاء‎ ) is the second largest tributary of the lower Jordan River , after the Yarmouk River .
A number of smaller streams joined the Little Zab in the Ranya Plain , which is now partly inundated by Lake Dukan .
The Kok River is a tributary of the Mekong River , with its mouth at Sop Kok in Chiang Saen district , opposite the Lao border .
The Radunia ( German : ' Radaune ' ) is a small river in Kashubia ( Pomerelia ) , which issues from a lake and falls into the Motława ( Mottlau ) near Gdańsk ( Danzig ) .
The Adige crosses Trentino and later Veneto , flowing past the city of Verona and the towns of Rovereto and Adria through the Lagarina Valley and the north - eastern part of the Po Plain into the Adriatic Sea .
The Lėvuo is a river in Northern Lithuania , tributary of the river Mūša .
Jacobson rings were introduced independently by Krull ( 1951 , 1952 ) , who named them after Nathan Jacobson because of their relation to Jacobson radicals , and by Goldman ( 1951 ) , who named them Hilbert rings after David Hilbert because of their relation to Hilbert 's Nullstellensatz .
The name is derived from the ancient Veneti people who inhabited the region by the 10th century BC . The city was historically the capital of the Republic of Venice .
The Norian was named after the Noric Alps in Austria .
Brezinaite was named in honour of Aristides Brezina ( 1848 - -1909 ) , a past Director of the Mineralogy - Petrology Section of the Natural History Museum , Vienna , Austria .
The region of Auvergne was named after the Arverni , one of the most powerful Gallic tribes .
In mathematics the Chebyshev polynomials , named after Pafnuty Chebyshev , are a sequence of orthogonal polynomials which are related to de Moivre 's formula and which can be defined recursively .
The Euler angles are three angles introduced by Leonhard Euler to describe the orientation of a rigid body .
The Dvorak Simplified Keyboard ( i / dᵊˈvɔræk/ d - VOR - ak ) is a keyboard layout patented in 1936 by Dr. August Dvorak and his brother - in - law , Dr. William Dealey .
Newton polygons are named after Isaac Newton , who first described them and some of their uses in correspondence from the year 1676 addressed to Henry Oldenburg .
In physics , the Thomas precession , named after Llewellyn Thomas , is a relativistic correction that applies to the spin of an elementary particle or the rotation of a macroscopic gyroscope and relates the angular velocity of the spin of a particle following a curvilinear orbit to the angular velocity of the orbital motion .
Graz Cathedral ( German : Grazer Dom ) , also called St. Giles ' Cathedral ( German : Dom St. Ägidius ) , is the cathedral church in the Austrian city of Graz , dedicated to Saint Giles .
Nikolsky 's sign is a clinical dermatological sign , named after Pyotr Nikolsky ( 1858 - -1940 ) , a Russian physician who trained and worked in Ukraine , which was part of the Russian Empire at that time .
In orbital mechanics , a Lissajous orbit ( pronounced : ( li.sa.ʒu ) ) , named after Jules Antoine Lissajous , is a quasi - periodic orbital trajectory that an object can follow around a Lagrangian point of a three - body system without requiring any propulsion .
Plumbogummite is a rare secondary lead phosphate mineral , belonging to the alunite supergroup of minerals , crandallite subgroup .
Copley Square , named for painter John Singleton Copley , is a public square in Boston 's Back Bay neighborhood , bounded by Boylston Street , Clarendon Street , St. James Avenue , and Dartmouth Street .
Taylor 's theorem is named after the mathematician Brook Taylor , who stated a version of it in 1712 .
In theoretical physics , particularly in discussions of gravitation theories , Mach 's principle ( or Mach 's conjecture ) is the name given by Einstein to an imprecise hypothesis often credited to the physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach .
The Delmarva Peninsula or simply Delmarva is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States , occupied by most of Delaware and portions of Maryland and Virginia .
Menachem Mendel Schneerson and Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn are both descendants of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn , known as the Tzemach Tzedek , the third Rebbe of Chabad Lubavitch .
Percival Molson Memorial Stadium ( also known in French as Stade Percival - Molson ; commonly referred to as Molson Stadium in English or Stade Molson in French ) is an outdoor football stadium located downtown on Mount Royal in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
USS Sunfish ( SSN-649 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the ocean sunfish ( Mola mola ) , a marine species having a deep body truncated behind , and high dorsal and anal fins .
Owenus is a genus of ichneumonid wasp , named for Denis Owen .
The OTR-23 Oka ( Russian : OTP-23 `` Ока '' ; named after Oka River ) was a mobile theatre ballistic missile ( Russian : оперативно-тактический ракетный комплекс ) deployed by the Soviet Union near the end of the Cold War to replace the obsolete SS-1C ' Scud B ' .
In mathematics applied to computer science , Monge arrays , or Monge matrices , are mathematical objects named for their discoverer , the French mathematician Gaspard Monge .
Hafnium is named after Hafnia , the Latin name for Copenhagen , where it was discovered .
The Beaufort cipher , created by Sir Francis Beaufort , is a substitution cipher similar to the Vigenère cipher , with a slightly modified enciphering mechanism and tableau .
Legendre 's conjecture , proposed by Adrien - Marie Legendre , states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1)2 for every positive integer n. The conjecture is one of Landau 's problems ( 1912 ) on prime numbers ; as of 2015 , the conjecture has neither been proved nor disproved .
The Volterra integral equations were introduced by Vito Volterra and then studied by Traian Lalescu in his 1908 thesis , Sur les équations de Volterra , written under the direction of Émile Picard .
Darwinism is a theory of biological evolution developed by the English naturalist Charles Darwin and others , stating that all species of organisms arise and develop through the natural selection of small , inherited variations that increase the individual 's ability to compete , survive , and reproduce .
The Schelf Church of St. Nicholas ( German : Schelfkirche St. Nikolai ) is an Evangelical Lutheran church dedicated to Saint Nicholas in the Schelfstadt quarter of Schwerin in Germany .
Marshall University is a coeducational public research university in Huntington , West Virginia , United States , founded in 1837 , and named after John Marshall , the fourth Chief Justice of the United States .
Between 1952 and 1989 the university was named Bolesław Bierut University of Wrocław ( Polish : Uniwersytet Wrocławski i m . Bolesława Bieruta ) after Bolesław Bierut , President of the Republic of Poland ( 1947 - -52 ) .
The name Firefox was said to be derived from a nickname of the red panda , which became the mascot for the newly named project .
In algebraic geometry , a Fano fibration or Fano fiber space , named after Gino Fano , is a morphism of varieties whose general fiber is a Fano variety ( in other words has ample anticanonical bundle ) of positive dimension .
The Lénárt sphere was invented by István Lénárt in Hungary in the early 1990s and its use is described in his 2003 book comparing planar and spherical geometry .
Sokoto , usually referred to as Sokoto State to distinguish it from the city of Sokoto , is located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria , near to the confluence of the Sokoto River and the Rima River .
In mathematics , the Lie product formula , named for Sophus Lie ( 1875 ) , states that for arbitrary n × n real or complex matrices A and B , e^(A+B ) = \lim--(N \rightarrow \infty ) ( e^(A / N)e^(B / N))^N , where eA denotes the matrix exponential of A. The Lie--
Hilbert 's fifth problem is the fifth mathematical problem from the problem list publicized in 1900 by mathematician David Hilbert , and concerns the characterization of Lie groups .
The P-500 Bazalt ( Russian : П-500 `` Базальт '' ; English : basalt ) is a turbojet - powered , supersonic cruise missile used by the Soviet and Russian navies .
Officially opened in 1984 and named after Charles , Prince of Wales , Prince of Wales Hospital now provides approximately 1,478 hospital beds and 24 hours accident and emergency service with about 4,470 staff .
In computer science , Hirschberg 's algorithm , named after its inventor , Dan Hirschberg , is a dynamic programming algorithm that finds the optimal sequence alignment between two strings .
The pre - history of Unix dates back to the mid-1960s when the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , AT&T Bell Labs , and General Electric were developing an innovative time - sharing operating system called Multics for the GE-645 mainframe .
The name Burdigalian comes from Burdigala , the Latin name for the city of Bordeaux , France .
Soviet Strike is set after the disintegration of the Soviet Union , and takes place in a fictionalised Russia , Eastern Europe and around the Caspian Sea .
Filmed in Portland , Oregon , What the Bleep Do We Know ! ? presents a viewpoint of the physical universe and human life within it , with connections to neuroscience and quantum physics .
Get Lost ! is a British television drama serial made by Yorkshire Television in 1981 for the ITV network .
The show takes place in Los Angeles , California , where Irish - American Ray Donovan ( Liev Schreiber ) , originally from South Boston , works for the powerful law firm Goldman & Drexler , representing the rich and famous .
Following the departure of Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson from the Los Angeles Police Department , Captain Sharon Raydor ( McDonnell ) is selected as the new head of its Major Crimes Division .
David Arroyo Durán ( born 7 January 1980 in Talavera de la Reina , Toledo ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer , riding on the UCI Professional Continental Team Caja Rural - Seguros RGA .
Baron Johann von Berenberg - Gossler ( born 13 February 1839 in Hamburg , died 8 December 1913 in Hamburg ; né Johann Gossler ) , known as `` John , '' was a German banker from the city - state of Hamburg and owner and head of Berenberg Bank from 1879 until his death .
Ariel Wizman ( born 19 May 1962 ) is a French musician , DJ , journalist and actor born in Casablanca , Morocco .
René Bérenger , born in Bourg - lès - Valence ( Drôme ) on 22 April 1830 and died Alincourt ( Ardennes ) on 29 August 1915 , was a French lawyer , judge , and politician .
John Degenkolb ( born 7 January 1989 ) is a German professional road bicycle racer riding for the UCI ProTeam Giant--
Joshua Kadison ( born February 8 , 1963 , Los Angeles , California ) is an American singer - songwriter , pianist , and writer .
Ju Ji - hoon ( Hangul : 주지훈 ; also romanized as Joo Ji - hoon ; born May 16 , 1982 ) is a South Korean actor .
Sankarshan Thakur is an Indian print journalist .
Scarlet Moon de Chevalier ( 1952 -- June 5 , 2013 ) was a Brazilian actress , journalist and writer .
Orlando Tucker ( born February 8 , 1988 ) better known by his stage name Jahlil Beats , is an American hip hop record producer and songwriter from Chester , Pennsylvania .
Jean - Antoine Lépine ( L’Pine , LePine , Lepine , L’Epine ) , born as Jean - Antoine Depigny , was an influential watchmaker .
Johnny Kastl is an American actor , best known for his role as Dr. Doug Murphy on the medical comedy Scrubs .
Mirosław Żuławski ( January 16 , 1913 -- February 17 , 1995 ) was a Polish writer , prosaist , diplomatist and screenwriter .
`` Baby '' Joe Mesi ( born November 27 , 1973 ) is an American retired boxer and politician from Tonawanda , New York .
James Arthur Ray ( born November 22 , 1957 ) is a motivational speaker and author who was convicted of felony negligent homicide .
An Geon - hyeong ( Hangul:안건형 ) ( born Nov 15 , 2000 ) is a South Korean figure skater .
Bert Hadley ( April 12 , 1882 -- December 30 , 1968 ) was an American stage and early silent film actor who appeared in over sixty motion pictures between 1912 and 1927 .
Kristian Sohlberg ( born 15 March 1978 in Espoo ) is a Finnish rally driver , who scored three World Rally Championship points during his career with a best finish of sixth on the 2006 Rally d'Italia Sardegna .
Featuring Roger Redgate as composer and conductor .
Devang Patel is an Indian singer , actor , rapper , songwriter , dancer , film producer , film director and music performer .
Grant Cramer ( born November 10 , 1961 ) is an American actor and producer who has starred in films and on television .
Mel Novak is an American award winning character actor who is best known for villainous roles in Black Belt Jones , Bruce Lee 's Game of Death , and Chuck Norris ' An Eye for An Eye .
Innocenzio Taccone was an Italian painter of the Baroque .
Scot McFadyen is a Canadian film director , producer and music supervisor whose work focuses on the subculture of heavy metal .
After the August Revolution in 1945 , Nguyễn Tuân joined the Communist party and kept working as a writer .
Henriette Major ( January 6 , 1933 -- November 17 , 2006 ) was a Canadian writer living in Quebec .
Brian Silverman is a Canadian computer scientist , the creator of many programming environments for children , and a researcher in cellular automata .
Mariusz Kazana ( August 5 , 1960 -- April 10 , 2010 ) was a Polish diplomat and political figure .
Rebecca Shoichet ( pronounced `` Shoy - ket '' ) ( born February 16 , 1975 ) is a Canadian voice actress and singer working for Ocean Productions in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Teresa Medeiros ( born 1962/1963 ) is a United States award - winning romance novelist with more than eight million books in print .
Andrew Catlin is an English photographer , artist , director , cinematographer , psychology graduate , portrait and documentary photographer and filmmaker .
William Templeman , PC ( September 28 , 1842 -- December 15 , 1914 ) was a Canadian newspaper editor and politician .
Todd Lickliter ( born April 17 , 1955 ) is a college basketball coach who most recently coached at Marian University in Indianapolis .
Meaghan Davies is an Australian born actor working internationally in film , television , radio , and stage .
Roger Labric was a French journalist ( specialising in aviation and motor racing ) and racing driver .
Mamtaz Sanghamita was a physician and an Indian politician .
William Crutchfield ( November 16 , 1824 -- January 24 , 1890 ) was an American politician who represented the 3rd congressional district of Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives for one term ( 1873 - -1875 ) .
Columbia Lancaster ( 1803 - -1893 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the first Delegate from the Territory of Washington to the United States House of Representatives .
Rex Chandler is an American actor and former gay pornographic film actor .
Buffy Sainte - Marie , OC ( formerly Beverly Sainte - Marie ; born 1941 ) is a Native Canadian singer - songwriter , musician , composer , visual artist , educator , pacifist , and social activist .
Abderramán Brenes la Roche ( born October 22 , 1978 ) is a Puerto Rican judoka , who played for the half - middleweight category .
Antoine Dayori is a Beninese politician and the leader of the Hope Force ( Force Espoir ) political party .
Paul Chrisman ( born August 23 , 1949 ) , better known by his stage name Woody Paul , is an American singer , fiddler , and composer , best known for his work with the Western swing musical and comedy group Riders in the Sky .
Teofil Żebrawski ( 1800 - -1887 ) was a Polish mathematician , bibliographer , architect , biologist , archeologist , cartographer and geodesist ; an erudite and polymath .
Louise Fitzhugh ( October 5 , 1928 -- November 19 , 1974 ) was an American writer and illustrator of children 's books , known best for the novel Harriet the Spy .
Lucile Petry Leone ( January 23 , 1902 -- November 25 , 1999 ) was an American nurse who was the founding director of the Cadet Nurse Corps in 1943 .
Winlock W. Steiwer ( August 7 , 1852 -- July 18 , 1920 ) was an American banker , rancher , and politician in the state of Oregon .
Murray Mednick ( born 1939 ) is an American playwright and poet .
Cyrus Leo Sulzberger II ( October 27 , 1912 -- September 20 , 1993 ) was an American journalist , diarist , and non - fiction writer .
Yechiel ( Eli ) Shainblum was a Canadian painter , sculptor and teacher from Montreal .
In the 80 's , Tilmann Wröbel arrived in Paris and enrolled at the `` CHAMBRE SYNDICALE DE LA COUTURE PARISIENNE '' as a student fashion designer .
John Vargas ( born April 24 , 1959 ) is an American actor best known for his role in the films Primary Colors and Star Trek II :
Eleazar David David ( June 8 , 1811 -- February 1 , 1887 ) was a Canadian cavalry officer , lawyer , and civil servant .
Timothy Naftali is a Canadian - American historian and director of the Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Archives at New York University .
Lateefa Al Gaood ( Arabic : لطيفه القعود ) is a Bahraini politician .
Robert Leroy Powell ( October 17 , 1933 -- April 26 , 2014 ) , identified by his middle name on baseball cards but who preferred to be known as Bob Powell , was an American professional baseball player .
David Edward Byrd ( born April 4 , 1941 ) is an American graphic artist , designer , illustrator and painter .
Kristi Tauti ( born February 7 , 1979 ) is a professional figure competitor , fitness model , and personal trainer from Oregon .
Ira Gasman is an American theatre writer and lyricist and newspaper columnist .
Shahzada Mohiuddin ( Urdu : شہزادہ محی الدین ) , grandson of Sir Shuja ul - Mulk , is a veteran Pakistani politician , a former Federal and Provincial Minister , and Member of National Assembly .
Melody Thornton ( born September 28 , 1984 ) is an American singer - songwriter and dancer .
Paddy Morgan is an Australian former professional snooker player from Ardoyne , Belfast , he was a prominent and successful player of both snooker and English billiards during the 1960s and 70 's .
Gian Tommaso Scarascia Mugnozza ( May 27 , 1925 -- February 28 , 2011 ) is an Italian agronomist and geneticist .
Tom Egbers ( October 18 , 1957 in Almelo ) is a Dutch English journalist , writer and TV presenter ( Studio Sport ) since 1985 .
Rebekah Higgs ( born May 19 , 1982 ) is a Canadian indie rock singer , songwriter from Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Michele Radosevich ( October 7 , 1947 ) is an American politician and lawyer .
Reuben Zellman is an American teacher , author , and is the assistant rabbi and music director at Congregation Beth El in Berkeley , California .
Jeremy Edwardson ( born March 25 , 1979 ) is an American singer / songwriter , record producer , audio engineer , mixer , and former lead vocalist of the Seattle - based band , The Myriad .
Flavius Anthemius Isidorus ( fl . 410 - 436 ) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire , the maternal uncle of the Western emperor Anthemius .
Katie Salen Tekinbas is a game designer , animator , and educator .
Wolf Englert ( 1924 - -1997 ) was a German painter and art director who designed the sets of a number of German films and television series .
Richard of Staines ( or Richard de Stanes ) was an English clerical judge .
Marc Alaimo ( born Michael Anthony Alaimo ; May 5 , 1942 ) is an American actor , known for his villainous roles .
George Radwanski ( February 28 , 1947 -- September 18 , 2014 ) was a public servant , policy adviser , journalist and author .
Chief Olu Oyesanya was a Nigerian journalist and diplomat .
Elizabeth Cook - Lynn ( born 1930 ) is an editor , essayist , poet , novelist , and academic , whose trenchant views on Native American politics , particularly tribal sovereignty , have caused controversy .
Carol Cymbala is the choir director for the Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir .
Dixie Allen ( born January 27 , 1935 ) is a politician from Dayton , Ohio , who served in the Ohio House of Representatives and on the Montgomery County Commission .
Asim Inam Osmani is a successful Pakistani engineer and the director and CEO ( Chief Executive Officer ) of Osmani & Company ( Pvt . ) Ltd. , one of the oldest , largest and most reputed consultancy organizations in Pakistan .
Federico Johow , born as Friedrich Richard Adelbert ( or Adelbart ) Johow ; ( February 5 , 1859 - -April 30 , 1933 ) was a German - Chilean botanist and biologist born in Kolmar , Province of Posen .
SJ Stovall ( September 26 , 1925 -- July 14 , 2010 ) was an American politician and civil engineer .
Nuufolau Joel `` Joe '' Seanoa ( born March 17 , 1979 ) , better known by his ring name Samoa Joe , is an American professional wrestler , currently signed to WWE .
Manke Nelis , born Cornelis Pieters , was a Dutch singer in the levenslied genre .
Ryeisha Berrain ( born November 25 , 1990 ) , known by her stage name Rye Rye , is an American rapper , singer , dancer and actress .
Charles Rappleye is a writer and editor working in Los Angeles .
John Dufilho is an American singer , songwriter and multi - instrumentalist best known as the lead creative talent behind indie rock band The Deathray Davies .
Stephen Schaffer is a film editor who has worked on several films produced by Pixar .
Siavash Alamouti ( Persian : سیاوش الموتی‎ ) is an Iranian - American engineer who is best known for the invention of the Alamouti space -- time block code , filed in 1997 and patented jointly with Vahid Tarokh .
Edward Mitchell Bannister ( ca . 1828 -- January 9 , 1901 ) was a Black Canadian - American Tonalist painter .
Stephen Hodges ( born February 12 , 1952 ) is an American percussionist and composer .
Alice Barber Stephens ( July 1 , 1858 - July 13 , 1932 ) was an American painter and engraver , best remembered for her illustrations .
Moe Jaffe ( October 23 , 1901 -- December 2 , 1972 ) was a songwriter and bandleader who composed more than 250 songs .
Marcin Firlej ( born May 4 , 1975 in Rejowiec Fabryczny ) is Polish journalist , writer and war correspondent .
Wihthun 's last datable subscriptions are to two charters of 805 : a grant by Cuthred , King of Kent , to Archbishop Wulfred , and a grant by Coenwulf , King of Mercia , and Cuthred , King of Kent , to a priest called Wulfhard .
Tony Posawatz ( born 1960 ) is an American automotive engineer , best known for his work on the Chevrolet Volt , and in 2012 becoming chief executive of Fisker Automotive .
Arie Vardi ( Hebrew : אריה ורדי‎ ; born 1937 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli classical pianist , conductor and piano pedagogue .
James Roday ( /roʊˈdeɪ/ ; born James David Rodriguez ; April 4 , 1976 ) is an American actor , director and screenwriter .
George Henry Paulin , often called Harry Paulin , or ' GHP ' ( his sculpting insignia ) was a Scottish sculptor and artist of great note in the early 20th century .
Robin Spry ( October 25 , 1939 -- March 28 , 2005 ) was a Canadian film director and television producer and screenwriter .
Nicki Hunter ( born December 19 , 1979 ) is an American pornographic film director , producer , make - up artist , radio personality , and former pornographic actress .
Sir Henry Lello was an English diplomat , warden of the Fleet Prison , and Keeper of the Palace of Westminster .
Tristram Coffin ( August 13 , 1909 - -March 26 , 1990 ) , also known as Tris Coffin , was a film and television actor from the latter 1930s through the 1970s , usually in westerns or other action - adventure productions .
Ara Khachatryan ( Armenian : Արա Խաչատրյան , born September 13 , 1982 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian weightlifter .
Harry Combes ( March 3 , 1915 -- November 13 , 1977 ) , a native of Monticello , Illinois , served as head men 's basketball coach at University of Illinois between 1947 and 1967 .
Archie Bleyer ( June 12 , 1909 - March 20 , 1989 ) was an American song arranger , bandleader , and record company executive .
Sujatha Singh is an Indian career diplomat who served as India 's Foreign Secretary from August 2013 to January 2015 .
Teairra Marí ( born Teairra María Thomas ; December 2 , 1987 ) is an American singer - songwriter , dancer , hip hop model and actress .
Herman Hollerith ( February 29 , 1860 -- November 17 , 1929 ) was an American inventor who developed an electromechanical punched card tabulator to assist in summarizing information and , later , accounting .
Cho Gab - je ( Hangul : 조갑제 ; hanja : 趙甲濟 ; born , October 24 , 1945 ) is a conservative South Korean journalist and entrepreneur .
Carole Samaha ( Arabic : كارول سماحة‎‎ ) is a Lebanese singer , actress , and performer .
Néstor García Canclini ( born 1939 ) is an Argentine - born academic and anthropologist , known for his theorization of the concept of `` hybridity . ''
Nora Waln ( 1895 - -1964 ) was a best - selling American writer and journalist in the 1930s--50s , writing books and articles on her time spent in Germany and China .
Ray Cheney is a retired rugby union player and sportsman from Wales .
Pere Oller ( fl . 1394 - 1442 ) was a Catalan Gothic sculptor .
Jatuporn Prompan ( Thai : จตุพร พรหมพันธุ์ ; rtgs : Chatuphon Phromphan ; Thai pronunciation : ( t͡ɕàʔtùʔpʰɔːn pʰrompʰan ) ; born October 5 , 1965 ) is a Thai politician and activist .
Tierno Monénembo was a writer in residence in Cuba when he learned that we was the 2008 winner of the Renaudot Prize .
Paul - André Fortier ( born in 1948 ) is a Canadian choreographer and dancer living in Montreal .
William S. Levise , Jr ( born February 26 , 1945 ) , known better by his stage name Mitch Ryder , is an American musician who has recorded more than two dozen albums over more than four decades .
Hsu Ming - yuan ( Chinese : 徐明淵 ; pinyin : Xú Míngyuān ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
William Donnison Ford ( October 31 , 1779 in Providence , Rhode Island -- October 1 , 1833 in Sackets Harbor , New York ) , was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Stefano Hatfield is an English journalist and newspaper / magazine editor .
Stanley Andrews ( August 28 , 1891 -- June 23 , 1969 ) was an American actor perhaps best known as the voice of Daddy Warbucks on the radio program Little Orphan Annie and later as `` The Old Ranger '' , the first host of the syndicated western anthology television series , Death Valley Days .
Milton Bradley ( November 8 , 1836 -- May 30 , 1911 ) was an American business magnate , game pioneer and publisher , credited by many with launching the board game industry in North America , which was inspired by European origin with , Milton Bradley Company .
Patrícia de Jesus , better known as Patrícia Dejesus or Pathy Dejesus ( São Paulo , May 7 , 1979 ) , Brazilian actress , model and television presenter .
Katharine Holabird ( born January 23 , 1948 ) is an American writer , best known as the author of the Angelina Ballerina series
Dr. Annamaria Orla - Bukowska is a social anthropologist at the Institute of Sociology of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków ; and the Professor / Lecturer at the Center for Social Studies / Graduate School for Social Research of the Polish Academy of Sciences in Warsaw .
Raluca Strămăturaru ( born November 22 , 1985 ) is a Romanian luger who has competed since 1996 .
David M. Pletcher ( born June 14 , 1920 - February 22 , 2004 ) is a noted historian , considered an expert in his field .
Gilad Kahana ( Hebrew : גלעד כהנא‎ , born September 1 , 1970 ) is an Israeli singer , composer , writer , and lead singer for the band Girafot .
Machy , known as Le Sieur de Machy ( fl . second half the 17th century ) was a French viol player , composer , and teacher remembered principally for his Pièces de Violle en Musique et en Tablature ( 1685 ) , a valuable source of information on the performance practices of his time .
Mohammed Lakhdar - Hamina ( Arabic : محمد الأخضر حمينة‎ ; born in M'sila on 26 February 1930 ) is an Algerian film director and screenwriter .
Oli Beaudoin is the drummer of Kataklysm .
María Teresa Chacín ( born in Caracas , January 22 , 1945 ) , is a Venezuelan singer .
Guillem de Berguedà ( c.1130 - -1195/6 ; fl.1138 - -1192 ) , or Guilhem de Berguedan in Occitan , was a Catalan troubadour and viscount of Berguedà .
Robby Blackwell ( born September 21 , 1986 in Dallas , Texas ) is an American singer - songwriter , producer , and instrumentalist .
Philip James ( May 17 , 1890 -- November 1 , 1975 ) was an American composer , conductor and music educator .
Zacharie Dupuy ( 1608 or 1610 -- 1676 ) was a soldier and seigneur in New France .
Gong Hyung - jin ( born April 10 , 1969 ) is a South Korean actor and television host .
Manmohan Nath Sharma ( born November 1924 ) is an Indian architect and a heritage activist .
Jerome Charles White , Jr. ( born September 4 , 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Jero ( ジェロ ) , is an American enka singer of African and Japanese descent .
David P. Campbell is an American psychologist who co - authored the Strong - Campbell Interest Inventory which is widely used in vocational counseling .
Harold Mabern , Jr. ( born March 20 , 1936 ) is an American jazz pianist and composer , principally in the hard bop , post - bop and soul jazz fields .
Louis Sussmann - Hellborn ( March 20 , 1828 -- August 15 , 1908 ) , also spelled Ludwig Sussman Hellborn , was a German sculptor , painter , art collector and contractor .
Howard Ashley ( H.L. Ashley ) was a Scottish architect practicing in Malaya since 1952 .
Ernie Bourassa is a former Canadian politician , who served as mayor of Whitehorse , Yukon from 2000 to 2006 .
Candace Dempsey is an American author , journalist and travel writer .
Sam Granick ( February 16 , 1909 - April 29 , 1977 ) was an American biochemist known for his studies of ferritin and iron metabolism more broadly , of chloroplast structure , and of the biosynthesis of heme and related molecules .
Deyanira África Melo is a Mexican sculptor who generally works in ceramics , depicting elements of the human form , especially the torso , generally with mutilations and other disturbing elements to dispute the otherwise traditional and sensual depictions of the human body .
Mischa Levitzki ( also seen as Levitski ; May 25 , 1898 -- January 2 , 1941 ) was a Russian - born American concert pianist .
William Alonso ( January 29 , 1933 -- February 11 , 1999 ) was an Argentinian - born American planner and economist .
Estefanía Bacca is an Argentine vedette , acrobat - dancer , actress , model and choreographer .
Akira Rabelais is a Los Angeles - based composer and author .
Blanche Willis Howard ( July 20 , 1847 -- October 7 , 1898 ) ( aka Blanche Willis Howard von Teuffel ) was a best - selling American novelist who lived most of her productive years in southern Germany .
Apple Pope is an American rugby league player who currently plays for the United States national team .
Sarah White is a singer - songwriter based in Richmond , Virginia , whose music can be roughly characterized as folk or alt - country .
Peter Alsop ( born September 18 , 1946 ) is an American musician whose work has ranged from satirical music for adults to children 's music .
Mark Abramson was an American record producer and artist .
Jedidiah Morse ( August 23 , 1761 -- June 9 , 1826 ) was a notable geographer whose textbooks became a staple for students in the United States .
Raquel Pennington ( born September 5 , 1988 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Ultimate Fighting Championship women 's bantamweight division .
Lin - Manuel Miranda ( born January 16 , 1980 ) is an American composer , lyricist , librettist , rapper , and actor , best known for creating and starring in the Broadway musicals In the Heights and Hamilton .
Sreerama Chandra Mynampati is a professional singer and 2010 Indian Idol winner from Hyderabad who debuted his playback career in the Telugu film industry .
Liesl Herbst ( born November 8 , 1902 , Jaegerndorf , Silesia ; died February 25 , 1990 , London , England ) was an Austrian championship tennis player .
Jason JetPlane is an American pop , soul , and R&B singer - songwriter , record producer , pianist and drummer .
Baba Shah Esfahani , also known as Baba Shah Araghi , was the most famous Iranian calligrapher in the 16th century and the most prominent calligrapher of Nastaliq script in the era of Tahmasp I. He was titled as Reyis or - Roassa .
Julio María Sosa Venturini ( February 2 , 1926 -- November 26 , 1964 ) , usually referred to simply as Julio Sosa or El Varón del Tango , was a Uruguayan tango singer .
J. Patrick Greene OBE is a British archaeologist and a museum director .
Lorraine Bethel is an African - American lesbian feminist poet and author .
John Brunne or Brun ( died c.1405 ) , of Willingham , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
James Timothy Shaw ( August 9 , 1939 -- January 30 , 2014 ) , known as The Mighty Hannibal , was an American R&B , soul and funk singer , songwriter and record producer .
Tim Harford ( born 1973 ) is an English economist and journalist , residing in London .
Chinni Prakash is an Indian film choreographer , art director , actor , script - writer , director .
Thapelo Mokoena is a South African actor and television presenter best known for presenting the first season of the South African version of the reality competition Fear Factor in 2005 .
John Roger Voudouris ( December 29 , 1954 - August 3 , 2003 ) was an American singer - songwriter / guitarist best known for his 1979 hit , `` Get Used to It . ''
Kathleen Hays is a university - trained economist with experience at the Federal Reserve and who is now an on - air financial reporter for Bloomberg Television .
Furthermore , in 2014 , according to ISI Web of Knowledge , Didier Raoult microbiologist is the 7th most cited worldwide .
Pyruz Payandeh Azad ( Persian : پیروز پاینده آزاد‎‎ , born May 4 , 1962 ) is a Persian pop singer , songwriter , guitarist , and former member of the group Black Cats .
Marcus Titius was a Roman politician ( suffect consul in 31 BC ) and commander at the end of the Roman Republic .
J. P. Lockney ( March 17 , 1867 , date of death unknown ) was an American actor of the silent film era .
Randall Wallace ( born July 28 , 1949 ) is an American screenwriter , director , producer , and songwriter who came to prominence by writing the screenplay for the 1995 film Braveheart .
Fred R. Volkmar , M.D. , is a psychiatrist , psychologist , and former director of the Yale Child Study Center .
Oliver Marc Hartwich ( born 8 July 1975 in Gelsenkirchen ) is a German economist and media commentator .
Johnnie Davis , also billed as Johnny Davis and Johnnie `` Scat '' Davis , ( April 11 , 1910 -- October 28 , 1983 ) was an American actor , singer and trumpeter .
Ashin used to be Mayday 's sole composer ; it was only during production of the band 's fifth album that other band members began to contribute their own work .
Liaquat Ahamed ( born on November 14 , 1952 in Kenya ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning author .
Irving Wallace ( March 19 , 1916 -- June 29 , 1990 ) was an American best - selling author and screenwriter .
Shelley Mayfield ( June 19 , 1924 -- March 22 , 2010 ) was an American golf course architect and professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1950s .
Clint Baker ( born January 27 , 1971 , in Mountain View , California ) is an American traditional jazz musician performing on cornet , trumpet , trombone , clarinet , saxophone , guitar , banjo , tuba , string bass , and drums .
Molly Smith is an American theatre director and the artistic director of Arena Stage in Washington D.C ..
Benedetto Briosco ( c.1460 - -c.1517 ) was an Italian Renaissance sculptor and architect , active in Lombardy .
Leif Uvemark ( 1939 - -1996 ) was a Swedish trumpeter and conductor of Leif Uvemark Bigband .
Sue Thompson ( born Eva Sue McKee ; July 19 , 1925 ) is an American pop and country music singer .
Tavo Hellmund ( b. February 24 , 1966 ; Austin , Texas ) is an American former racing driver and promoter .
Aleksandar Miladinovski ( Macedonian : Александар Миладиновски ; born August 4 , 1979 ) is a Macedonian former swimmer , who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events .
Staff Sergeant George T. Alexander Jr. ( August 5 , 1971 -- October 22 , 2005 ) was the 2,000th American soldier killed in combat in Iraq since the beginning of the 2003 Invasion of Iraq , according to the Associated Press .
Donald L. Graham ( born December 15 , 1948 ) is an American lawyer and Senior United States District Judge .
Med Hondo ( born Mohamed Abid Hondo , May 4 , 1936 ) is a Mauritanian film director , producer , screenwriter , actor and voice actor .
Lauren van Oosten ( born November 17 , 1978 ) is a Canadian competition swimmer and a breaststroke specialist .
James Kahn is an American medical specialist and writer , best known for his novelization of Return of the Jedi .
Mauro Maur ( born August 8 , 1958 ) is an Italian trumpeter and composer .
Ratu Suliano Matanitobua is a Fijian chief and politician , who previously served as Minister of State for Fijian Affairs in the early 2000s , and is currently an Opposition Member of Parliament .
Lee Toland Krieger ( born January 24 , 1983 ) is an American film director and screenwriter best known for the films The Vicious Kind ( 2008 ) and Celeste and Jesse Forever ( 2012 ) .
Dixon Hall Lewis ( August 10 , 1802 -- October 25 , 1848 ) was an American politician who served as a Representative and a Senator from Alabama .
Eva Alterman Blay , a Brazilian sociologist , was born in São Paulo in 1937 .
Ashok Shinde ( Marathi:अशोक शिंदे ) is an Indian film and stage actor , who works in Marathi cinema , known for films like Rangat Sangat .
Ketsia is a Haitian - Canadian singer and songwriter , born in Montreal , Quebec .
Julyan Holmes is a Cornish scholar and poet .
Cecilia Jarlskog ( born in 1941 ) is a Swedish theoretical physicist , working mainly on elementary particle physics .
Louis Fabian Bachrach , Jr. ( April 9 , 1917 -- February 26 , 2010 ) was an American photographer , known for portraits of celebrities , politicians , presidents and other prominent individuals .
Robert Smoktunowicz ( pronounced ( ˈrɔbɛrt smɔktuˈnɔvit͡ʂ ) ; born January 30 , 1962 in Warsaw ) is a Polish politician .
Originally an influential merchant from the Wey ( 衛 ) state , Lü Buwei met and befriended King Zhuangxiang of Qin , who was then a minor prince serving as a hostage in the Zhao state .
Zhiuli Shartava ( Georgian : ჟიული შარტავა ) ( March 7 , 1944 -- September 27 , 1993 ) was a Georgian politician and the Head of the Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia who was killed by Abkhaz militants during the ethnic cleansing of Georgians in Abkhazia in 1993 .
John D. Hancock ( born February 12 , 1939 ) is an American stage and film director , producer and writer .
Amanda Hooton is an award winning Australian journalist and columnist with the Sydney Morning Herald and The Age often writing for the `` Good Weekend '' Magazine which is a weekend supplement that is distributed with those newspapers .
Sam Groom ( born June 13 , 1938 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an actor most noted for his numerous roles on television .
Vasileios Theodoridis ( Greek : Βασίλειος Θεοδωρίδης ) was a Greek journalist and anarchist .
Antonio Percassi ( born June 9 , 1953 ) is a former Italian football player and entrepreneur .
John Kuczynski ( born October 16 , 1973 in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American professional darts player .
Devendran is an Indian music composer who is concentrating in Tamil language films .
David J. Howe is a British writer , journalist , publisher , and media historian .
Ishaq Khan Khakwani ( born 1 April 1949 ) is a senior Pakistani politician , engineer and a wealthy landlord .
Mario G. Pino ( born September 8 , 1961 , in Wilmington , Delaware ) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing .
Sheryl Sheinafia Tjokro ( born December 4 , 1996 ) , is an Indonesian singer - songwriter and actress .
Alf Clausen ( born March 28 , 1941 ) is an American film and television composer .
Carlos García Portela ( born November 18 , 1921 in Vega Baja , Puerto Rico ) was a Puerto Rican lawyer , politician and former senator .
Nikolai Fyodorovich Fyodorov ( Russian : Никола́й Фёдорович Фёдоров ; surname also Anglicized as `` Fedorov '' ) ( June 9 , 1829 -- December 28 , 1903 ) was a Russian Orthodox Christian philosopher , who was part of the Russian cosmism movement and a precursor of transhumanism .
John W. Hogan ( November 10 , 1853 in Troy , Rensselaer County , New York - January 30 , 1926 in Boston , Massachusetts ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Rocco Urbisci is an American director , producer and film and television writer .
Tyla Flexman ( born July 16 , 1986 in New Westminster , British Columbia ) is a field hockey player from Canada who played midfield for the Canadian Women 's National Field Hockey Team from 2004 - 2012 .
Mike Morley ( born June 17 , 1946 ) is an American golf course architect and a former professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour for 14 years .
Glaydah Namukasa is a Ugandan writer and midwife .
Reilley Rankin ( born April 17 , 1979 ) is an American professional golfer , currently playing on the LPGA Tour .
Artūrs Jakovļevs ( born May 30 , 1967 ) is a Latvian former swimmer , who specialized in sprint butterfly events .
Acho Chakatouny ( 1895 - -1957 ) was an Armenian actor , film director and makeup artist associated with the silent era .
Megan Romano ( born February 2 , 1991 ) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in backstroke and freestyle events .
Gilda Galán ( January 16 , 1917 -- June 21 , 2009 ) was a Puerto Rican actress , dramaticist , comedian , writer , composer , scriptwriter and poet .
Aldo Vergano was an Italian director , screenwriter and journalist .
Peter McDowell is an American politician who represented the 4th Barnstable District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1975 to 1979 .
Brian Glascock ( born July 17 , 1948 ) is known as a rock drummer for The Gods , Toe Fat , Carmen , Captain Beyond , Soy Cowboy , and primarily for The Motels .
Alexandra W. Logue is an academic and behavioral scientist .
Jane Thornthwaite ( born 1958 or 1959 ) is a Canadian politician and activist who was elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election .
George V. Higgins ( November 13 , 1939 -- November 6 , 1999 ) was an American author , lawyer , newspaper columnist , and college professor .
William Woollard ( born 23 August 1939 , London ) is a British television producer and presenter .
Alan Rook was a Cairo poet and edited the 1936 issue of New Oxford Poetry .
Mark Damon ( born April 22 , 1933 ) is an American film actor and producer .
Anthony Yerkovich is an American television producer and writer .
Sali Nivica or Sali Nivitza ( May 15 , 1890 -- January 10 , 1920 ) was a politician , a patriot , an Albanian journalist and a teacher .
Kalob Martinez is a Mexican - American actor and voice actor for ADV Films and Seraphim Digital .
Valda Cooper ( November 15 , 1915 -- April 12 , 2008 ) , whose full name was Valda `` Val '' Margaret Cooper Lavender , was a longtime award - winning American journalist and reporter .
Kurt Doles ( born August 2 , 1973 ) is an American composer and bass clarinetist .
Ross Murdoch ( born 14 January 1994 ) is a Scottish competitive swimmer who has represented Great Britain in the FINA world championships and European championships , and Scotland in the Commonwealth Games .
Adam M. Jarchow is an American lawyer and politician .
Simon J. Bronner ( born April 7 , 1954 in Haifa , Israel ) is an American folklorist , ethnologist , historian , educator , and author .
Amir Mansour ( born Lavern Moorer ; July 25 , 1972 ) is an American professional boxer who fights at heavyweight .
Leslie Winer is an American fashion model , musician and poet .
Anne Howard Bailey ( July 26 , 1924 -- November 23 , 2006 ) was an American writer known particularly for her work as a screenwriter and opera librettist .
Vasile Bumacov ( b. January 1 , 1957 , Mereseuca ) is a politician from the Republic of Moldova .
Secondo Campini ( August 28 , 1904 - February 7 , 1980 ) was an Italian engineer and one of the pioneers of the jet engine .
Marc Aspland is an English photographer who works for The Times newspaper in London where he shoots sports photography .
Denys Berinchyk ( also represented Denis Berinchik , Ukrainian : Денис Берінчик ; born 5 May 1985 ) is a Ukrainian amateur boxer .
Benjamin Beresford is a British child actor known for his role as Joshua Peacock on ITV 's Coronation Street .
Kevin Rockett , PhD is an Irish film historian , writer and scholar , considered authoritative on the emergence and growth of scholarship on the history of Irish cinema .
Lord Jamar ( born Lorenzo Dechalus , September 17 , 1968 ) is an American rapper and actor .
Elizabeth Turk is an American sculptor who works primarily with marble , transforming this material into refined pieces infused with classical beauty .
Frances Rich ( January 8 , 1910 -- October 14 , 2007 ) was an American actress and sculptor .
Gary Mauer is an actor who most recently starred in the third national tour of The Phantom of the Opera playing the role of the Phantom .
Apollonius of Perga ( Greek : Ἀπολλώνιος ; Latin : Apollonius Pergaeus ; c. 262 BC -- c. 190 BC ) was a Greek geometer and astronomer noted for his writings on conic sections .
King Malachi Street ( October 21 , 1935 -- October 21 , 1978 ) , commonly known as Mel Street , was an American country music singer .
Liliana Porter is a contemporary artist working in a wide variety of media , including photography , printmaking , mixed media pieces , installation , and video .
Battista di Biagio Sanguigni , formerly known as the Master of 1419 ( active 1393 - -1451 ) was an Italian painter from the region around Florence in the first half of the 15th century .
Saadia Afzaal is a Pakistani journalist and television news anchor .
Hampton Del Ruth ( September 7 , 1879 -- May 15 , 1958 ) was an American film actor , director , screenwriter and film producer .
Paul Biddle is an English fine art photographer , who specialises in creating carefully studied surreal artworks using real objects and studio lighting for artistic effects .
Abdallah Elias Zaidan ( born on March 10 , 1963 in Kosaybé , Lebanon ) is a Maronite Catholic bishop , or eparch , in the United States .
Sikander Baloch is a journalist , columnist , and anchor of the Kawish Television Network ( KTN ) of Pakistan .
Luke Temple is an American pop - folk singer - songwriter .
Merrick Thomson ( born September 9 , 1983 ) is a former professional lacrosse player from Hamilton , Ontario .
Carl Giammarese ( born August 21 , 1947 ) is an American musician , singer - songwriter and record producer .
Bozorg Alavi ( بزرگ علوی in Persian ) ( February 2 , 1904 -- February 18 , 1997 ) was an influential Iranian writer , novelist , and political intellectual .
Corinne West is an American singer - songwriter , born and raised in California .
Everett Riskin ( 1895 - 1982 ) was an American film producer , best known for his work at Columbia and MGM , where he specialised in comedies .
Mangku Muriati ( born in 1967 ) is a traditional - style Balinese painter and priestess from Kamasan village near Klungkung , Bali , Indonesia .
Ricardo Araujo ( July 20 , 1978 ) is a Colombian pianist , composer and conductor .
Leonard Grunstein ( born July 18 , 1952 ) is an American finance executive , retired lawyer and philanthropist .
Ric Waite ( c. 1933 -- February 18 , 2012 ) was an American cinematographer whose numerous film and television credits included Red Dawn , Footloose , 48 Hrs . , and The Long Riders .
Andy Maar ( born December 19 , 1983 ) is a Luxembourgish politician living in Belvaux .
Hsu Shui - teh ( Chinese : 許水德 ; pinyin : Xú Shuǐdé ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Jānis Kļaviņš had a short but bright chess player career .
Danny Lloyd ( born January 1 , 1973 ) is an American teacher and former child actor .
Under the stage name of Henri Fursy , he was a chansonnier , a singer of humorous songs , in Montmartre .
Robert Gwiazdowski ( born 1960 ) is a Polish jurist and economist .
Les Stroud ( born October 20 , 1961 ) is a Canadian survival expert , filmmaker and musician best known as the creator , writer , producer , director , cameraman and host of the television series Survivorman .
Walter Frank Woodul ( September 25 , 1892 -- October 1 , 1984 ) was a Texas politician who was an early proponent of a state highway system .
Roger Welsch ( born November 6 , 1936 ) was a senior correspondent on the CBS News Sunday Morning program , and was featured in a segment called `` Postcards from Nebraska . ''
Born in Neptune , New Jersey , Wini Smart is a watercolorist and oil painter of marine and landscapes , many of them scenes of Maine , and her specialty is watercolors .
Anedie Azael ( b. Port - au - Prince , 1988 ) is a Haitian model , activist , and best known as a beauty pageant contestant .
Heidi Albertsen ( born September 1 , 1976 ) is a Danish international model .
Utpaladeva , an influential philosopher - theologian of the Pratyabhijna school of Shaiva thought composed the Ishvara - pratyabhijna - karika , or ' Verses on the Recognition of the Lord ' and the ' Shivastotravali ' .
Khurshid Eqbal ( Urdu : خورشید اقبال‎ ) ( born March 14 , 1962 ) is an Urdu poet , writer and educationalist from India .
Paulo Betti ( Born September 10 , 1952 ) is a Brazilian stage , film and television actor .
Lodge Kerrigan ( born 1964 ) is an American motion picture screenwriter and director .
Jordan Lund ( born May 7 , 1957 ) is an American stage , film and television character actor .
Shahruz Afghami ( Persian : ‌‌شهروز افخمی‎‎ ; born 1962 ) is an Iranian politician .
Robert Sengstacke Abbott ( November 24 , 1870 -- February 29 , 1940 ) was an African - American lawyer , newspaper publisher and an early African - American Bahá'í .
Lizeth Rueda Santos ( born March 7 , 1994 ) is a Mexican distance swimmer .
José Francisco Chaves ( June 27 , 1833 -- November 26 , 1904 ) was a nineteenth - century military leader , politician , lawyer and rancher from the New Mexico Territory .
Nick Halling is a British sports broadcaster and journalist .
Vivek Khatkar ( born 1986 ) is an Indian film producer , who is best known for his award winning and internationally acclaimed film Lahore .
Henry Ludwell Moore ( November 21 , 1869 -- April 28 , 1958 ) was an American economist known for his pioneering work in econometrics .
Philip Weiss is an American journalist who co - edits Mondoweiss ( `` a news website devoted to covering American foreign policy in the Middle East , chiefly from a progressive Jewish perspective '' ) with journalist Adam Horowitz .
Rabbi Shergill ( born Gurpreet Singh Shergill , 1973 ) is an Indian musician well known for his debut album Rabbi and the chart - topper song of 2005 , Bullah Ki Jaana ( `` I know not who I am ! '' ) .
Mubarak Hassan Shami ( Arabic : مبارك حسن شامي‎ , born Richard Yatich on December 1 , 1980 ) is a Kenyan - born Qatari long - distance runner .
Gordon Tipple is a Canadian actor known for his roles in Time Runner , Doctor Who , and Leaving Normal .
Chuck Eddy ( born November 26 , 1960 ) is an American music journalist .
Nadège du Bospertus is a French model and former judge on Italia 's Next Top Model .
Jason Gilkison is an Australian professional ballroom dance champion and choreographer .
Zygmunt Muchniewski ( 1896 - -1979 ) was a Polish politician who headed the Christian Democracy party and was the Prime Minister of the Polish Government in Exile from 16 July 1970 - -
John D. Petersen ( born November 21 , 1947 ) is an American chemist and educator who was president of the University of Tennessee system .
John Scarne ( /ˈskɑːrni/ ; March 4 , 1903 -- July 7 , 1985 ) was an American magician and book author who was particularly adept at playing card manipulation .
Patricia Zavala Nicoloso is a Venezuelan model and television host .
Warren William ( born Warren William Krech ; December 2 , 1894 -- September 24 , 1948 ) was a Broadway and Hollywood actor , immensely popular during the early 1930s ; he was later nicknamed the `` King of Pre - Code '' .
George Henry Bradbury ( June 25 , 1859 -- September 6 , 1925 ) was a politician and manufacturer .
Domenico Beceri ( active 1527 ) was an Italian painter active in the Renaissance period , mainly in his hometown of Florence .
Shwayze is the stage name of Aaron Smith ( born May 29 , 1985 ) , an American rapper .
Joseph Owono ( 1921 -- December 17 , 1981 ) was a Cameroonian writer and diplomat .
Ralph Erwin ( 1896 - -1943 ) was an Austrian - born French composer who worked on a number of film scores .
Lahannya is a singer , songwriter and performer .
Sidney Olcott ( September 20 , 1872 -- December 16 , 1949 ) was a Canadian - born film producer , director , actor and screenwriter .
Jared Kuemper is a Canadian born producer , songwriter , engineer , and audio mixer .
Richard D. Wood ( born June 3 , 1955 , Boulder , Colorado ) is an American molecular biologist specializing in research on DNA repair and mutation .
June Goodfield is a British historian , scientist , and writer of both fiction and non - fiction .
Lewis Montagna ( May 16 , 1887 -- January 24 , 1950 ) , born Luigi Montagna and better known as Bull Montana , was a professional wrestler and Italian - American actor .
LaVerne Clark is an American mixed martial artist and a former professional boxer .
Lâm Nhật Tiến ( born on September 3 , 1971 in Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese American singer .
Paula Bourne is a Canadian historian and professional educator whose research , writing and teaching focuses on Canadian women 's history , contemporary issues facing Canadian women , and gender issues and education .
Murray Klein ( March 25 , 1923 -- December 6 , 2007 ) was a Jewish American entrepreneur who helped transform New York City 's famous Zabar 's speciality food emporium from a small Jewish delicatessen based on Manhattan 's Upper West Side into one of the city 's premier culinary destinations .
Alexandra Kotur is an American author and fashion journalist .
Sigurd Solid was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed in the 1930s .
Rachel Aukes is an American horror / science fiction / fantasy novelist best known for the Deadland Saga .
Laïla Abid ( born March 21 , 1977 in Meknes , Morocco ) is a Moroccan - Dutch journalist , presenter and news anchor .
Ernest Kent Coulter ( November 14 , 1871 -- May 1 , 1952 ) , was a War Veteran journalist , lawyer , public administrator , and developer of civil society and human welfare programs most notably through his work in child advocacy .
Walter Inglis Anderson ( September 29 , 1903 -- November 30 , 1965 ) was an American painter , writer , and naturalist .
Dr. Estelle Lazer is a freelance archaeologist who has worked on sites in the Middle East , Italy , Cyprus , the UK , Antarctica and Australia .
Ifeanyi also credited as Ifeanyi Chijindu is a Nigerian - American author / writer , entrepreneur , artist , actress and screenwriter .
Manuel Berberian is an Iranian - Armenian earth scientist , specializing in earthquake seismology , active faulting and folding , active tectonics , continental tectonics , historical seismicity , archaeoseismicity , earthquake hazard minimization , geological mapping , and environmental science and engineering .
Diego Seminario De Col ( born May 12 , 1989 ) is a Peruvian actor and industrial designer .
Francis Towne ( 1739 or 1740 -- 7 July 1816 ) was a British watercolour landscape painter and teacher , who spent his career between his native London and Exeter .
Adam Busch ( born July 6 , 1978 ) is an American actor best known starring as Warren Mears on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
In October 1942 , at the age of 22 , Hildegard Lächert , a German nurse , was called to serve at Majdanek as an Aufseherin .
Enrique Tirabocchi ( variously spelled as Enrico Tiraboschi ) was an Argentinian marathon swimmer who in August 1926 became the fourth person to successfully swim across the English Channel .
Marie Meyer ( born July 18 , 1984 ) in Mulhouse , France is an actress and model .
Sandahl Bergman ( born November 14 , 1951 ) is an American dancer , stuntwoman , and actress .
Rafael Bolívar Coronado was a Venezuelan composer and author .
H. John Caulfield ( March 25 , 1936 -- January 31 , 2012 ) was a well - known American physicist who specialized in holography and optical computing .
Ramiz Hasanov Ayvaz oglu ( Azerbaijani : Ramiz Həsənov Ayvaz oğlu ; born August 20 , 1961 ) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Chairman of State Committee on Standardization , Metrology and Patents of Azerbaijan Republic .
Mark Ramos Nishita , known professionally as Money Mark , is an American producer and musician , best known for his collaborations with the Beastie Boys from 1992 until 2011 .
Adam Purple ( November 10 , 1930 -- September 14 , 2015 ) was an activist and urban Edenist or `` Guerrilla Gardener '' famous in New York City for his `` Garden of Eden '' .
Takeo Shiota ( July 13 , 1881 - December 3 , 1943 ) was a Japanese - American landscape architect , best known for his design of the Japanese Hill - and - Pond Garden at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden .
Johan Gottlieb Gahn ( August 19 , 1745 -- December 8 , 1818 ) was a Swedish chemist and metallurgist who discovered manganese in 1774 .
Professor Lawrence Lau Juen - yee , JP ( Chinese : 劉遵義 ; born 1944 ) is a Hong Kong economist and the former Vice - Chancellor of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
Nate Bauers ( born March 11 , 1982 in Oakton , Virginia ) was a professional lacrosse player with the Washington Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse .
Mark Lukasiewicz ( born March 8 , 1973 in Jersey City , New Jersey ) is a former professional baseball player who played two seasons for the Anaheim Angels of Major League Baseball .
Tang Xiaodan ( Chinese : 汤晓丹 ; February 22 , 1910 -- January 21 , 2012 ) was a Chinese film director .
Ryan Zoghlin is an artist and photographer .
Vera Katz ( born August 3 , 1933 ) is an American Democratic politician in the state of Oregon .
Tom Sturges is an American music executive , teacher , speaker , and author .
Sadia Groguhé ( born November 9 , 1962 ) , is a French - Canadian politician .
Fily Dabo Sissoko is chiefly remembered as one of the most influential political leaders of pre - independence Mali , primary conservative rival to Mali 's first President Modibo Keita , and an influential writer of the Negritude movement .
Christie Brinkley ( born Christie Lee Hudson ; February 2 , 1954 ) is an American model and actress .
Abe Olman ( December 20 , 1887 -- January 4 , 1984 ) , born Abraham Olshewitz , was an American songwriter and music publisher .
Jolin Tsai ( Chinese : 蔡依林 , born September 15 , 1980 ) is a Taiwanese singer , songwriter , dancer , actress and entrepreneur .
Julien Mertine ( born 26 June 1988 ) is a French foil fencer , team European and team World champion in 2014 .
Jihad Khodr ( born December 30 , 1983 ) is a Brazilian professional surfer .
Daniel Lapaine ( born 15 June 1971 ) is an Australian stage , film and television actor , currently residing in London .
Toanui Isamaela is a Cook Islands politician and member of the Cook Islands Parliament , representing the Amuri - Ureia Constituency .
Edward Gaylord Bourne , Ph . D. ( June 24 , 1860 -- February 24 , 1908 ) was an American historian , born in Strykersville , New York , and educated at Yale graduating in 1883 with high honors .
Kenneth Harlan ( July 26 , 1895 -- March 6 , 1967 ) was an American actor of the silent film era , playing mostly romantic leads or adventurer types .
Brendan Price is a British theatre , movie , and television actor .
Dr. Laurie Rozakis ( born July 20 , 1952 ) is a writer of the Complete Idiots books and an expert on writing , grammar , usage , test preparation , and coaching writers .
Michael L. Marin is an American vascular surgeon , the first in the United States to perform minimally invasive aortic aneurysm surgery ( stent graft procedure ) together with Drs . Frank Veith , Juan C. Parodi and Claudio J. Schonholz .
Tony Swartz ( born September 24 , 1943 in Iowa as Russell Anthony Swartz ) is an American actor whose roles include Flight Sergeant Jolly on the original Battlestar Galactica television series .
Iowa athletic director Bump Elliott took Bob Commings up on his challenge , making him the 23rd head coach in the history of Iowa football by signing him to a one - year contract for the 1974 season .
Milan Smrčka , more known as Záviš , is a Czech singer , guitarist and poet .
Jan Staller is an American photographer who captures imagery of urban landscapes that focus on patterns of highway graveyards , unfinished buildings , and ongoing construction sites .
Samuel Prescott Hildreth ( 1783 - -1863 ) was a pioneer physician , scientist , and historian , authoring numerous scientific and historical works .
Richard La Ruina is a London - based entrepreneur , author and dating coach .
Nicholas Huddleston ( fl . 1404 ) , of Lincoln , was an English politician .
John Malcolm Macgregor CVO ( born 3 October 1946 ) is a retired British diplomat who was ambassador to Poland and Austria .
Faith Hill ( born Audrey Faith Perry ; September 21 , 1967 ) is an American country pop singer and occasional actress .
Andrew Fried ( born February 10 , 1976 in Long Beach , New York ) is an American television and film producer and president of Boardwalk Pictures .
Tracy Claeys ( born December 25 , 1968 ) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach at the University of Minnesota .
Edward Hyland , more commonly known as Eddie Hyland , ( born 24 April 1984 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish professional boxer who fights in the super featherweight division .
Mingjie Zhang ( Chinese : 张明杰 ) , born in Ningbo , is a famous structural biologist in China .
Frank E. Mann ( May 1 , 1920 -- April 25 , 2007 ) was a politician from the state of Virginia .
Nicholas Lens ( born 1957 ) is a Belgian composer of contemporary music , particularly known for his operas .
Felix Octave Pavy ( November 27 , 1879 -- May 13 , 1962 ) , was a physician and Democratic politician from Opelousas , Louisiana .
Irv Bauer also known as Irvin S. Bauer was an American playwright , screenwriter , educator and theatre critic based in New York .
Priyanka Singh Rawat is politician from Bhartiya Janata Party .
Michael Stahl - David ( born October 28 , 1982 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Sean Donnelly on the NBC drama series The Black Donnellys and his lead role in the J. J. Abrams - produced film Cloverfield .
Luis Orlando Lagos Vásquez ( January 17 , 1913 -- February 4 , 2007 ) , also known as `` Chico Lagos '' , was a Chilean photographer best known for his work photographing Chilean president Salvador Allende .
Slade Callaghan ( born August 21 , 1970 in Bridgetown , Barbados ) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Hamish McLeod is a former East African cricketer , who played in the 1975 Cricket World Cup .
Andre Brandon deWilde ( April 9 , 1942 -- July 6 , 1972 ) was an American theatre , film , and television actor .
Daisy Mallory ( born May 19 , 1993 ) is a country music singer - songwriter based in Nashville , Tennessee .
Kazimierz Ludwik Bieliński ( ? -1713 ) was a Polish noble , politician and diplomat .
Richard Ned Lebow ( legal date of birth , April 24 , 1942 ) is an American political scientist best known for his work in international relations , political psychology , classics and philosophy of science .
Michael T. Goodrich is a mathematician and computer scientist .
Rosalba Géraldine Bazán Ortíz ( born January 30 , 1983 ) is a Mexican actress , singer , and anchorwoman currently living in Miami .
Cliffton Hall ( born February 10 , 1975 in Oakland , California ) is an American theater actor and singer .
Harley Gaber ( June 5 , 1943 -- June 16 , 2011 ) was a visual artist and composer known for his minimalist and spectral approaches to time and sound .
Hayley Marie Kohle ( May 6 , 1982 -- October 11 , 2008 ) was a Canadian fashion model active in the 2000s .
Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de ' Medici ( August 4 , 1463 -- May 20 , 1503 ) , nicknamed the Popolano , was an Italian banker and politician , and the brother of Giovanni il Popolano .
Tony Leech is an American director , screenwriter and actor .
Ettore Muti ( May 2 , 1902 - -August 24 , 1943 ) was an Italian aviator and Fascist politician .
Carlos Wilcox ( October 22 , 1794 - May 29 , 1827 ) was a minor American poet .
Cristina Otero ( born Cristina Otero Pascual ; November 29 , 1995 ) is a Spanish photographer and artist best known for her self portraits .
Carlos Gamerro is an Argentinean novelist , critic , and translator .
Anita West is a British actress and former television presenter .
Stephen Dorff ( born July 29 , 1973 ) is an American actor , known for portraying Stuart Sutcliffe in Backbeat , Johnny Marco in Sofia Coppola 's Somewhere , and for his roles in Blade , Cecil B. DeMented , The Motel Life , and Space Truckers .
Mohsin Naqvi ( 1947−1996 ) was a renowned Pakistani poet .
Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur ( Urdu : میر بندہ علی خان تالپور ‎ ) was a politician from Sindh , Pakistan .
William Wagstaff , commonly known as Will Wagstaff , is a leading ornithologist and naturalist in the Isles of Scilly , and also an author .
Chow Chi Yuen ( Chinese:周至元 ) , born in Shunde , Guangdong , China , is a Chinese entrepreneur and the founder of Chow Tai Fook Jewellry Company .
Jeff Dawson is a Canadian record producer , song writer , engineer , and mixer .
Cícero Moraes is a Brazilian 3D designer , which through open source programs like InVesalius , Blender and MakeHuman has become a reference in the field of forensic facial reconstruction in his country .
Máiréad Carlin is an Irish singer and a member of the ensemble Celtic Woman .
George Duning ( February 25 , 1908 -- February 27 , 2000 ) was an American musician and film composer .
Charlie Ellix is an English former darts player .
Sudhakar Bokade was an Indian film producer predominantly working in Bollywood film industry .
Erin Gruwell ( born August 15 , 1969 ) is an American teacher known for her unique teaching method , which led to the publication of The Freedom Writers Diary :
Takeshi Nagano ( 永野健 Nagano Takeshi , born July 11 , 1985 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Panasonic Panthers .
William Wirt Kimball ( January 9 , 1848 -- January 26 , 1930 ) was a U.S. naval officer and an early pioneer in the development of submarines .
Liran Shoshan , better known by his stage name Lyrik ( in Hebrew ליריק ) , is an Israeli music producer , songwriter and singer born in Jerusalem , Israel .
Sofia Cocea , also known under her married name as Sofia Chrisoscoleu or Sofia Hrisoscoleu ( 1839 - -1861 ) , was a Moldavian - born Romanian essayist , journalist and poet .
James C. Leary ( born August 26 , 1973 ) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of the relatively benign demon Clem who appears in Seasons Six and Seven of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
Heinrich Lamm , a Jewish physician , was a pioneer of using optical fibers for communication purpose .
Katherine Tate ( born November 8 , 1962 ) is an American political scientist best known for her research on race and ethnic minority politics .
Oliver Evans ( September 13 , 1755 -- April 15 , 1819 ) was an American inventor , engineer and businessman .
Paz Lenchantin ( born December 12 , 1973 ) is an Argentine American musician .
David Leppard is a British journalist and assistant investigations editor of The Sunday Times .
Gary Talley ( born August 17 , 1947 ) is an American guitarist , singer , songwriter and author .
John Edward Heys ( born April 24 , 1948 ) is an American independent filmmaker , actor and writer who lives and works in Berlin .
Archibald McIntyre ( June 1 , 1772 Kenmore , Perthshire , Scotland -- May 6 , 1858 Albany , Albany County , New York ) was an American merchant and politician .
Rod Monroe ( born August 20 , 1942 ) is an American Democratic politician from the US state of Oregon .
John N. Bambacus ( born May 28 , 1945 ) is an American politician , and represented District 1 in the Maryland Senate , which covers Garrett , Allegany , and Washington Counties .
Graduate from the École centrale de Lyon ( promotion 1979 ) , Hervé Renaudeau began his career as a hardware design engineer on the Mirage 2000 autopilot from 1980 to 1981 , then as a simulator design engineer for company Crouzet ( 1981 - -1984 ) .
William Shaler ( 1773 -- March 29 , 1833 ) was an American government official who served as a diplomat and confidential agent in several foreign locations , including Algiers , Mexico and Cuba .
Linda A. Morabito ( born November 21 , 1953 ) , also known as Linda Kelly , Linda Hyder , and Linda Morabito - Meyer , is the astronomer who made the discovery of volcanic activity on Io , a moon of Jupiter , on March 9 , 1979 , at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Frankie Chan Fan - kei ( born 1951 ) is a Chinese martial arts actor , film director , producer , action director , and composer .
Eugen Felix ( born 27 of April 1836 , died 21 of August 1906 ) was an Austrian painter .
Herbert Pigg ( 4 September 1856 -- 8 June 1913 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Cambridge University , the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) and other amateur sides between 1877 and 1891 .
Norman M. Scott was a Canadian figure skater who competed in both single skating and pair skating .
Brett Grimley ( born 3 March 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Hamza El Din ( July 10 , 1929 -- May 22 , 2006 ) was a Nubian Egyptian composer , oud player , tar player , and vocalist .
Andre Cason ( born January 20 , 1969 ) is an American former sprinter and a convicted fraudster .
Per Flatberg ( born September 18 , 1937 ) is a Norwegian environmentalist and pharmacist .
Jessica Cambensy , also known as Jessica C. ( born April 18 , 1988 ) is an American - born model and actress .
Steve Roccaforte ( born May 21 , 1965 ) is currently an assistant men 's basketball coach at Virginia Tech . He joined Buzz Williams ' staff on July 9 , 2014 after three seasons as an assistant at the University of South Florida .
Arthur Fehr , F.A.I.A. ( November 19 , 1904 - January 23 , 1969 ) was an American architect who turned in mid - career from his traditional architectural education to the Modern or International style and was one of its first practitioners in Texas .
David Reilly ( May 5 , 1971 -- October 16 , 2005 ) was the singer and songwriting / production partner in the electro - rock band God Lives Underwater ( GLU ) , signed by Rick Rubin to American Recordings in 1993 .
Georg Heike ( German : ( ˈɡeːɔʁk ˈhaɪkə ) ; born July 21 , 1933 ) is a German phonetician and linguist .
Barbara Plett - Usher is a Canadian born UK journalist with experience in the Middle East and the UN .
Yacouba Sawadogo is a farmer from the west African nation of Burkina Faso who has been successfully using a traditional farming technique called Zaï to restore soils damaged by desertification and drought .
Richard McKeon ( /məˈkiːən/ ; April 26 , 1900 -- March 31 , 1985 ) was an American philosopher .
George Huntston Williams ( April 7 , 1914 in Huntsburg -- October 6 , 2000 ) was an American professor of Unitarian theology and historian of the Socinian movement .
Stewart MacFarlane is a figurative Australian painter .
Ben Lyon ( February 6 , 1901 -- March 22 , 1979 ) was an American actor and a studio executive at 20th Century Fox .
In March 2006 , during an episode of Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones ' radio show Jonesy 's Jukebox , Andrew W.K. debuted a new song entitled `` I 'm a Vagabond '' .
Peter Thomas Ruocco , also known as Peter Ruocco , is an American film actor , theatre actor , and theatre director based in San Francisco , California .
Sharon Sayles Belton ( born May 13 , 1951 ) is an American community leader , politician and activist .
Larry Correia is an American fantasy novelist , known for his Monster Hunter and Grimnoir Chronicles series .
Luigi Pagano was an Italian painter , known for his colorful depictions of his native Campania .
Jan Goldsmith is a Republican politician from San Diego , CA who currently serves as the San Diego City Attorney .
Ken Overlin ( August 15 , 1910 -- July 24 , 1969 ) , was an American - born middleweight boxer who fought professionally from 1931 to 1944 , compiling a record of 131 wins ( 23 by knockout ) , 18 losses , and 9 draws .
Dorothy von Beroldingen ( d. December 20 , 1999 ) was an American lawyer , judge , and political figure .
William Thomas Lucas ( July 26 , 1875 -- March 27 , 1973 ) was a Canadian farmer and a federal politician .
Jacob Sacks is an American jazz pianist and composer .
Benito Canónico ( January 3 , 1894 -- October 13 , 1971 ) was a Venezuelan composer , musician , orchestrator and teacher .
Sripathi Panditharadhyula Balasubrahmanyam Charan , popularly known as S. P. B. Charan , is an Indian film playback singer , actor , and producer known for his works primarily in Tamil Cinema Son of popular Indian singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam , he first worked as a playback singer in the Tamil and Telugu cinema .
Beverly Thomson ( born April 15 , 1966 ) is a Canadian journalist and co - host of Canada AM , CTV 's national morning show .
Percy Brand Blanshard ( August 27 , 1892 -- November 19 , 1987 ) was an American philosopher known primarily for his defense of reason .
Mikuláš of Kadaň ( Czech : Mikuláš z Kadaně ) was an Imperial clockmaker who designed the clock machine of Prague Orloj together with Jan Šindel around 1410 ( the Emperor at that time was Wenceslas IV ) .
Bobby Few ( born October 21 , 1935 ) is an American jazz pianist and vocalist .
Fatmawati Salapuddin is a Filipino politician and director of the Sulu - based Lupah Sug Bangsamoro Women 's Association .
Denise McCann ( born December 16 , 1948 , in Clinton , Iowa ) is an American - Canadian singer / songwriter .
Ed Peranio is an American film actor and associate production designer , working primarily in the films of John Waters .
Harrison R. Crandall ( November 23 , 1887 -- December 14 , 1970 ) was an American photographer and painter known for his images of Grand Teton National Park .
Michael Cashmore is a British composer and musician who has created music under the name of Nature And Organisation and more recently ( 2006 ) under his own name .
Pan Wu - hsiung ( Chinese : 潘武雄 ; pinyin : Pān Wǔxióng ; Wade -- Giles : Pan1 Wu3 Hsiung2 ; born March 11 , 1981 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni - President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Jacek Kawalec ( born 22 September 1961 in Warsaw ) is a Polish actor , game show and television personality .
Shira Gorshman ( April 10 , 1906 -- April 4 , 2001 ) was a Yiddish language short story writer and memoirist .
Claudio Marrero ( born March 6 , 1986 ) is a boxer from the Dominican Republic that fought for the interim WBA featherweight title .
Jon Dette ( born April 19 , 1970 ) is a heavy metal drummer , best known for playing in Evildead , Iced Earth , Slayer , Testament , Anthrax , and Heathen .
Steve Brennan ( born 2 February 1951 ) is a former darts player who competed in the 1980s .
Heinrich Hora ( born 1931 in Bodenbach , Czechoslovakia ) is a German - Australian theoretical physicist who made contributions to solid state physics , optical properties of plasma with relativistic and quantum effects and nonlinear dynamics with applications of lasers for producing nuclear fusion energy .
Irvin Willat ( November 18 , 1890 -- April 17 , 1976 ) was an American film director of the silent film era .
Donnie Williams ( born July 26 , 1983 ) is an American soul , gospel and jazz singer - songwriter who in 2004 became a Top 32 Finalist in Season 3 of American Idol .
Kálmán Kittenberger ( Léva , October 10 , 1881 - Nagymaros , January 4 , 1958 ) was a Hungarian traveller , natural historian , biologist and collector .
Jamii Szmadzinski is an American electric violinist who was a member of the band Shadowfax .
Anthony Wheatley ( 176 ? - 1838 ) was an Epsom Derby winning jockey of the 18th century .
Lucie Bertaud is a French amateur boxer and MMA fighter .
Habib Azar ( born October 19 , 1979 in Pennsylvania , USA ) is an American film , theater and television director .
Dee Molenaar ( born June 21 , 1918 ) is an American mountaineer , author and artist from Tacoma , Washington .
Hiroshige Koyama ( born 1937 ) is a Japanese botanist specialist of Asteraceae .
Calvert Charlton Miller , ( September 3 , 1899 - July 1 , 1978 ) , was a Canadian lawyer , politician and jurist .
Imee Ooi ( /ˈiːmiː ˈwuːiː/ EE - mee WOO - ee ; Ch : 黃慧音 , pinyin : Huáng Huìyīn ) is a Chinese - Malaysian record producer , composer , and singer who composes and arranges music for classic Buddhist chant , mantra , and dharani .
Buster Mathis ( June 11 , 1943 -- September 6 , 1995 ) was a boxer who had a very successful career as an amateur heavyweight boxer .
Lucia Hippolito ( born June 29 , 1950 in Bauru , São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian political scientist , journalist , historian , columnist and commentator .
Carolyn Brady ( May 22 , 1937 - May 5 , 2005 ) was an American photorealist painter and artist .
Abdalla Ahmed Bekhit ( Arabic : أحمد عبدالله‎ ) ( born October 10 , 1983 ) is an Egyptian indoor volleyball player .
James Dugan ( May 7 , 1912 - June 3 , 1967 ) was a historian , editor and magazine article writer .
Manfred Thiesmann is a former German Olympic swimming coach of the 1970s , 1980s , 1990s and 2000s who was the head coach of the German swimming team at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Joe Hurley ( born 2 December ) is a singer , songwriter , actor , playwright and voice - over artist .
Stephen Holden ( born July 18 , 1941 ) is an American writer , music critic , film critic , and poet .
Maxut Zhumayev ( born December 23 , 1976 ) is a Kazakhstani mountaineer who climbed all 8,000 metres ( 26,000 ft ) peaks without oxygen .
Mrinalini Sharma is an Indian model and Bollywood actress .
Daniel Pierce Thompson ( October 1 , 1795 -- June 6 , 1868 ) was an American author and lawyer who served as Vermont Secretary of State and was New England 's most famous novelist prior to Nathaniel Hawthorne .
Martin Reimann is a psychologist and marketing researcher .
Robert Dowland ( ca . 1591 -- 1641 ) was an English lutenist and composer .
Chris Horrie is a journalist and writer specialising in investigative journalism , finance and profiles of major public figures .
Emiko Ohnuki - Tierney ( Japanese : 大貫恵美子)is an anthropologist who has been working on the question of power of symbols and its absence in political spaces since the mid-1980s .
Nathan Kelly is an American composer in Los Angeles , best known for working as an arranger for recording artists such as Joss Stone , Andrea Bocelli , Jennifer Lopez , Dionne Warwick , The Tony Awards , and orchestrations on various film scores .
Gail Tsukiyama is an American novelist from San Francisco , California , USA .
Lyle Owerko is a filmmaker and photographer whose work has ranged from Sundance Channel to Time to MTV .
Benedict of Gloucester ( fl.1120 ) was an English hagiographer , author of a life of St. Dubricius , archbishop of Caerleon .
Erika Csomor ( born November 8 , 1973 , in Cegléd ) is a Hungarian triathlete and duathlete .
Neil Brindley ( born 27 July 1967 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jimmy Breslin ( born October 17 , 1930 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist and author .
Swan Hennessy ( 24 November 1866 -- 26 October 1929 ) was an Irish - American composer and pianist who lived much of his life in Paris .
`` Basil Boothby was a diplomat more successful in giving foreigners a good impression of Britain than in giving his superiors a good impression of himself .
Gilbert Benausse was voted rugby league player of the world in 1960 .
Douglas Barton Osborne Savile ( July 19 , 1909 -- August 1 , 2000 ) was an Irish - born Canadian mycologist , plant pathologist and evolutionary biologist .
Pierre Ernou , known as `` le chevalier Ernou '' , was a French painter .
Kim McMillan ( née Ambrester , born c. 1963 ) is a Democratic politician who is mayor of Clarksville , Tennessee , and was the first woman in Tennessee history to be elected Majority Leader of the Tennessee House of Representatives .
Jennifer Howell is a Canadian - American voice actor .
Thomas L. Callaway is a director / cinematographer from Waco , Texas .
Bärbel Wartenberg - Potter ( also known as Bärbel von Wartenberg - Potter ) ( born 1943 ) is a German theologian .
G. V. Sudhakar Naidu is an actor who played roles in Telugu films .
Balaji Tharaneetharan is a Tamil film director and he made directorial debut with 2012 comedy film Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom .
Marcus Miller ( born William Henry Marcus Miller , Jr. ; June 14 , 1959 ) is an American jazz composer , producer and multi - instrumentalist , best known as a bass guitarist .
O - Gon Kwon ( born 12 September 1953 ) is a noted international South Korean judge , best known for being one of the three judges in the trial of Slobodan Milošević .
Seyyed Mohsen Shah Ebrahimi ( in Persian : سید محسن شاه ابراهیمی ) is an art director , costume designer and actor .
Her most recent EP , titled Jules Larson + AG , was released in October 2013 and is a collaboration between Jules and singer - songwriter Adrianne Gonzalez , or AG .
Anthony Purpura ( born November 11 , 1986 , in Lawrence , Massachusetts ) is an American rugby union player who props for the USA Eagle XV side .
Pedro Altamiranda is a Panamanian singer and composer known for his Carnival songs .
Heather Jackson ( born April 24 , 1984 ) is an American triathlete and track cyclist .
Rory Carville ( Castleblayney , County Monaghan ) is an Irish Michelin star winning head chef formerly with restaurant Locks Brasserie in Dublin .
Wang Ji - won ( born November 12 , 1988 ) is a South Korean actress and ballet dancer .
Renee Cole ( born c. 1971 ) is a former American beauty pageant contestant who was crowned Miss Maryland 1993 .
Frederick Winslow Taylor ( March 20 , 1856 -- March 21 , 1915 ) was an American mechanical engineer who sought to improve industrial efficiency .
Pascal Maka is a French windsurfer , who broke the outright speed sailing record in 1986 , and again in 1990 .
Alan Murchison is a Michelin - starred Scottish chef and restaurateur , living and working in England .
Nandagopal ( born Nadella Nandagopal ) is an Indian film journalist , editor and critic .
Asmirandah has had in the late 2000s , a relationship with actor Dude Harlino but they eventually separated because of the age difference in 2011 .
Mahadev Gurung ( Nepali : महादेव गुरुङ ) is a Nepalese politician .
Choi Min - sik ( Hangul : 최민식 Korean pronunciation : ( tɕʰwe minɕʰik ) ; born January 22 , 1962 ) is a South Korean actor .
Yasser Abdel Rahman is a composer and son of Egyptian writer the late Abdel - Rahman Fahmi author of the series in the fall of Be'er Sheva .
Helgi Björnsson ( born July 10 , 1948 ) , often referred to as Helgi Björns , is an Icelandic actor and pop / rock musician .
Edward Connelly ( December 30 , 1859 -- November 21 , 1928 ) was an American stage and film actor of the silent era .
Greta Thyssen ( born Greta Thygesen on March 30 , 1933 ) is a Danish - born American film actress and former model .
Carsten Siersbaek is a former Denmark association football player who played professionally in the United States and Denmark .
Levon Marashlian ( born December 18 , 1948 ) is an American historian , professor , and scholar .
Erica Williams , better known as Simple E , is a former R&B and hip hop pop singer - songwriter whose 1994 single `` Play My Funk '' , made the Billboard charts , and appeared on the Sugar Hill soundtrack .
Yuan Chang ( simplified Chinese : 张远 ; traditional Chinese : 張遠 ; pinyin : yuǎn zhāng;born November 17 , 1959 ) is an American virologist and pathologist who co - discovered Kaposi 's sarcoma - associated herpesvirus ( KSHV ) and Merkel cell polyomavirus , two of the seven known human oncoviruses .
Christine Cusanelli , MLA , ( born July 15 , 1972 ) was a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Calgary - Currie in the Alberta Legislature .
Ray Zahab ( born 1968 or 1969 ) is a Canadian long - distance runner and motivational speaker .
Randal William McGavock ( 1826 - -1863 ) was an American lawyer , Democratic politician , Southern planter , and Confederate Lt . Colonel .
Pius Heinz ( born 4 May 1989 ) is a German professional poker player from Bonn , best known as the winner of the Main Event at the 2011 World Series of Poker .
Freculf ( Freculphus Lexoviensis ; died 8 October 850 or 852 ) , a Frankish ecclesiastic , diplomat and historian , was a pupil of the palace school of Aachen during the reign of Charlemagne and Bishop of Lisieux from about 824 until his death .
Karen Lee Orzolek ( born November 22 , 1978 ) , better known by her stage name Karen O , is a South Korean - born American singer and musician .
Gustav Renker ( October 12 , 1889 -- July 23 , 1967 ) was an Austrian and Swiss journalist and writer known for his literary regionalism .
Lila Latrous ( Arabic : ليلى العتروس‎ ; born July 15 , 1979 ) is an Algerian judoka , who played for the lightweight category .
Cung Le ( Vietnamese : Lê Cung ; born May 25 , 1972 ) is a Vietnamese - American retired mixed martial artist , actor , and former Sanshou kickboxer who competed as a middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) , holding a record of 2 - 2 with the organization .
Jana Korbasová ( born March 20 , 1974 ) is a Slovak former swimmer , who specialized in backstroke and in individual medley events .
Ryan Singer is a Navajo contemporary painter living in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Ingrīda Latimira , formerly Ingrīda Ūdre , ( born November 14 , 1958 ) is a Latvian politician who belongs to the Latvian Farmers ' Union political party .
Linden Soles ( born October 26 , 1956 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian television journalist , best known to international audiences as an anchor on CNN .
Herb Jaffe ( May 20 , 1921 -- December 7 , 1991 ) was an independent film producer in the United States .
In early 2008 , Guo Quan , a university professor who had been dismissed after having founded a democratic opposition party , announced plans to sue Yahoo ! ( Chief Executive Jerry Yang ) and Google in the United States for having blocked his name from search results in China .
Robert Paige ( December 2 , 1911 -- December 21 , 1987 ) was an actor and a TV newscaster and political correspondent and Universal Pictures leading man who made 65 films in his lifetime : he was the only actor ever allowed to sing on film with Deanna Durbin ( in 1944 's Ca n't Help Singing ) .
Purshottam Solanki is a Bhartiya Janata Party politician and ( as of 2012 ) the Minister of Fishery in the Government of Gujarat .
Englés ( fl . 1253 ) was a Navarrese jongleur and troubadour of the mid 13th century .
Szidi Tobias ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈsidi ˈtobiaːʃ ) ; born May 28 , 1967 ) is a Slovak actress and musician of Hungarian ancestry .
John Clark Ridpath ( April 26 , 1840 -- July 31 , 1900 ) was an American educator , historian , and editor .
John Giorno ( born December 4 , 1936 ) is an American poet and performance artist .
Wilkie Clark ( March 8 , 1920 -- July 29 , 1989 ) was an African - American entrepreneur and civil rights activist .
Natashia Williams - Blach ( born August 2 , 1978 ) is an American actress and former Wonderbra campaign model , who is perhaps best known for her role as Shane Phillips in the NBC / syndicated series She Spies .
Meechai Ruchuphan ( born February 2 , 1938 in Bangkok Thai : มีชัย ฤชุพันธุ์ , rtgs : Michai Ruechuphan ) is a Thai legal expert and politician .
Irfan Sabir ( born December 19 , 1977 ) is a Canadian lawyer and politician who was elected in the Alberta general election , 2015 to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Calgary - McCall .
David Landsberg ( sometimes credited as Dave Landsburg ) is an American actor , writer , producer and director who was born in Brooklyn , New York .
Maung Thit Min , born Dewa , was a prominent Burmese composer and writer .
Bernard Herrmann ( born Max Herman ; June 29 , 1911 -- December 24 , 1975 ) was an American composer known for his work in composing for motion pictures .
Thomas Buryton ( fl . 1383 - -1399 ) of Hereford , was an English politician .
Ryan O'Quinn ( born March 6 , 1972 ) is an American television , film and voice actor .
Qu Ding , ( Chinese : 屈鼎 ) was a Chinese painter of the Song Dynasty .
Käte van Tricht ( October 22 , 1909 -- July 13 , 1996 ) , was a German organist , pianist , harpsichordist , and pedagogue .
Eldon Miller ( born June 19 , 1939 ) is a former college men 's basketball coach .
Prahlad Pandey is an Indian politician and spokesperson of Aam Admi Party , Madhya Pradesh .
Dominic Reyes is a professional sleight of hand magician from England .
Lynda Carter ( born Linda Jean Córdova Carter ; July 24 , 1951 ) is an American actress , singer , songwriter and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss World America 1972 and also the star of the TV series Wonder Woman from 1975 to 1979 .
Suh Yoo - hun ( Hangul : 서유헌 , born February 8 , 1948 ) is a South Korean neuroscientist .
Janne Wallenius is a Swedish reactor physicist .
Fred Goldberg is a professional poker player from Hollywood , Florida Goldberg 's first major success in poker came in the 2006 World Series of Poker main event , where he finished in 10th place winning $ 1,154,527 .
Florent Mothe ( born May 13 , 1981 ) is a French singer , actor and musician .
Alice Gerrard ( born July 8 , 1934 ) is an American bluegrass singer , banjoist , and guitar player .
Gary Beacom ( born February 23 , 1960 ) is a Canadian figure skater , choreographer and author .
Mike Quin ( 1906 - -1947 ) was the pen name of an American writer , born Paul William Ryan .
Richard Stephen Shaw ( born December 8 , 1966 ) , better known by the stage names Bushwick Bill and Dr. Wolfgang Von Bushwickin the Barbarian Mother - Funky Stay High Dollar Billstir , is a Jamaican - born American rapper .
Amy Kohn ( born June 5 , 1972 ) is an American composer , lyricist , singer , pianist and accordionist .
Phalon Alexander , professionally known as Jazze Pha ( /ˌdʒæzi ˈfeɪ/ JAZ - ee FAY ) , is an American record producer , songwriter and rapper from Atlanta , Georgia .
Jason Adams ( born February 7 , 1964 ) , often known as Ash Adams , is an award - winning American independent filmmaker , producer , writer , and TV and movie actor .
Jesse Tyler Ferguson ( born October 22 , 1975 ) is an American actor best known for portraying Mitchell Pritchett on the ABC sitcom Modern Family , which has earned him five nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series .
Milislav Demerec ( January 11 , 1895 -- April 12 , 1966 ) was a Croatian - American geneticist , and the director of the Department of Genetics , Carnegie Institution of Washington ( CIW ) , now Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory ( CSHL ) from 1941 to 1960 , recruiting Barbara McClintock and Alfred Hershey .
Seamus Lynch ( born 1945 ) is a former Irish republican and socialist politician .
Karl Gustaf Scherman ( born August 30 , 1938 ) is a Swedish economist and government official .
Lu Hsi - chuen is a Taiwanese professional golfer .
Awam Amkpa is a Nigerian actor , playwright , and professor of dramatic arts .
Gurpreet Sandhu ( born March 16 , 1965 ) is an Indian - based entrepreneur .
Luke Pinder is a 27-year - old British rally driver from Shipley , West Yorkshire .
John Watkins Oliver ( December 17 , 1914 -- April 25 , 1990 ) was a United States federal judge ; born in Cape Girardeau , Missouri , Oliver received an A.B. from the University of Missouri in 1933 and an LL.B. from the University of Missouri School of Law in 1936 .
Hanns Goebl ( June 23 , 1901 -- August 12 , 1986 ) was a Bavarian sculptor who worked for the Nymphenburg Porcelain Factory .
Elliot Ngok Wah , better known as Yueh Hua , is a former Shaw Brothers actor and veteran TVB actor .
Daniel Elbittar Villegas ( April 30 , 1979 ) , is a Venezuelan actor , model and entertainer , considered one of the 50 Most Beautiful TV , is also famous for acting in soap operas .
Dagmar Nordstrom ( December 12 , 1903 -- April 9 , 1976 ) was an American composer , pianist and singer .
Juan Manuel Márquez Méndez ( born August 23 , 1973 ) is a Mexican professional boxer and multiple - time world champion .
Emerico Amari ( 1810 - -1870 ) was an Italian jurist and a pioneer of comparative law .
Jack Szwergold is a comedy writer and the Webby - Award - winning first webmaster for the news parody publication The Onion .
Joel Townsley Rogers ( 1896 - -1984 ) was an American writer who wrote science fiction , air - adventure , and mystery stories and a handful of mystery novels .
Imran Hasnee ( Hindi : इमरान हसनी ) is an actor who has worked in Hollywood films A Mighty Heart and Slum Dog Millionaire , played lead as well as character roles .
John Henry Haaren ( born August 13 , 1855 , New York , New York -- d. September 23 , 1916 , Brooklyn , New York ) was an American educator and historian .
Kenneth S. Deffeyes is a geologist who worked with M. King Hubbert , the creator of the Hubbert peak theory , at the Shell Oil Company research laboratory in Houston , Texas .
José Clímaco ( born 1924 ) was a Filipino film director .
Benjamin M. Coates ( September 8 , 1819 - August 26 , 1880 ) was an American miner , businessman , and politician .
Elizabeth Llewellyn , ( born 1974 ) is a British opera singer who debuted with the English National Opera in 2010 .
Asi Cohen ( Hebrew : אסי כהן , also ' Assi ' ; born October 10 , 1974 ) is an Israeli comedian and actor .
Dirk Mai is an American photographer , currently working for Cliché Magazine .
Nancy Rawles is an African American playwright , novelist , and teacher .
Gil Formosa is a French cartoonist and an illustrator .
Raouf Benabid ( Arabic : رؤوف بن عبيد‎ ; born August 3 , 1985 ) is an Algerian former swimmer , who specialized in individual medley events .
Heimann Hariton Tiktin ( August 9 , 1850 -- March 13 , 1936 ) , born Heimann Tiktin , was a Silesian - born Romanian Jewish linguist and academic , one of the founders of modern Romanian linguistics .
Brian O'Sullivan ( born 1990 in Ballygunner ) is an Irish hurler who plays for both the Waterford Inter - county hurling team and the Ballygunner GAA club .
Abdisho bar Berika or Ebedjesu ( Classical Syriac : ܥܒܕܝܝܫܘܥ ܕܨܘܒܐ ) ( d.1318 ) , also known as `` Mar Odisho '' or `` St. Odisho '' in English , was an East Syrian writer .
Mykola Puzderko ( born June 13 , 1990 ) is a Ukrainian freestyle skier , specializing in aerials .
Martha Matilda Harper ( September 10 , 1857 , Oakville , Ontario -- August 3 , 1950 , Rochester , New York ) was a Canadian - American businesswoman , entrepreneur , and inventor who built an international network of franchised hair salons that emphasized healthy hair care .
William S. Dalton is an American physician and oncologist , who is board certified in internal medicine and oncology .
Filippo Bottino ( December 9 , 1888 - October 18 , 1969 ) was an Italian weightlifter and Olympic champion .
Anna Karin Larsson ( born 30 August 1941 ) is a retired Swedish swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 m freestyle relay .
Muffy Calder OBE FRSE FREng ( née Thomas ) is a Scottish computer scientist , Vice - Principal and Head of College of Science and Engineering , and Professor of Formal Methods at the University of Glasgow .
Edward Einhorn ( born September 6 , 1970 ) is an American playwright , theater director , and novelist , noted for the comic absurdism of his drama and the imaginative richness of his literary works .
Carl - Johan Häggman ( born 22 February 1963 Helsinki ) ( also called : Carl Johan Haggman or `` Haggis '' ) is a Finnish composer , musician and multi - artist .
Dario Varotari the Younger ( active 1660 ) was an Italian painter , engraver , and poet of the Baroque .
Neil Metcalfe from Leeds is a former international standard competitive swimmer .
Caroline Woodruff is an English voice - over artist and actor based in Stockport .
William Herbert Rollins is a forgotten American scientist and dentist .
John Alan Maxwell ( March 7 , 1904 -- April 13 , 1984 ) was an American artist known primarily for his book and magazine illustrations , as well as historical paintings .
Olafur Eliasson ( Icelandic : Ólafur Elíasson ; born 1967 ) is a Danish - Icelandic artist known for sculptures and large - scale installation art employing elemental materials such as light , water , and air temperature to enhance the viewer 's experience .
Kathryn Casey is an American true crime writer , novelist and journalist .
Mark Lindley ( born 1937 ) is a noted musicologist and , more recently , a historian of modern India , and a teacher of economics .
Anis Chedly ( Arabic : انيس الشاذلي‎ ; born February 19 , 1981 ) is a Tunisian judoka who competed in the super heavyweight division ( + 100 kg ) and open class .
Charles B. Curtis ( born April 27 , 1940 ) is an American lawyer , currently the President Emeritus and Board Member of the Nuclear Threat Initiative ( NTI ) , a non - profit organization working to reduce the threats from nuclear , biological and chemical weapons .
Almon Harris Thompson ( September 24 , 1839 -- July 31 , 1906 ) , also known as `` A. H. Thompson '' , was an educator , topographer , geologist , explorer , and Civil War veteran .
Đelo Jusić ( born Đevalhudin Jusić ; January 26 , 1939 ) is a Croatian composer , arranger , conductor and guitarist of Bosniak ethnicity .
Ileri Atil Cayan Inac or Atıl İnaç : film director .
Don Epperson ( born . January 1938 - died.1973 in Arizona ) was an American singer and actor .
Herman Melville ( August 1 , 1819 -- September 28 , 1891 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , and poet from the American Renaissance period .
Giuseppe Becce ( February 3 , 1877 -- October 5 , 1973 ) was an Italian - born film score composer who enriched the German cinema .
Stanley Wasserman ( born August 29 , 1951 ) is an American statistician and Rudy Professor of Statistics , Psychology , and Sociology at Indiana University Bloomington , known for his work on social network analysis , mathematical sociology , network science and multidimensional network .
Lee Irby ( born 1963 ) is an American novelist and historian .
Charlie Brill ( born January 13 , 1938 , Brooklyn , New York ) is an American actor , voice artist , and comedian .
Lutfal Haque ( also known as Haji Lutfal Haque ) is an Indian politician , five - time MLA and two - time MP .
Florian Janistyn ( born April 22 , 1988 in Vienna ) is an Austrian swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle events .
Claire McGill MLA is a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland .
Ralph Stockman Tarr , S.B. ( January 15 , 1864 -- March 21 , 1912 ) was an American geographer .
Carl Cameron ( born September 22 , 1961 ) is an American television journalist and commentator for Fox News Channel .
Augustus Stephen Vogt ( August 14 , 1861 -- September 17 , 1926 ) was a German Canadian organist , choral conductor , music educator , composer and author .
Darryl Peterson ( born October 3 , 1961 ) is an American musician , actor and retired professional wrestler who wrestled in World Championship Wrestling as Maxx Payne and in the World Wrestling Federation as Man Mountain Rock .
Safuneitu'uga Pa'aga Neri is a Samoan matai , politician and the current Minister of Communication and Technology in Samoa .
Paweł Hulka - Laskowski ( June 25 , 1881 -- October 29 , 1946 ) was a Polish writer , translator , journalist , social worker .
Steve McCurrie is the son of the rugby league player of the 1970s and ' 80s , Alan McCurrie .
The sandstone tiling by ceramist Alexandre Bigot covers this reinforced concrete duplex of twenty workshops with residences .
Dona Lee Carrier ( October 23 , 1940 -- February 15 , 1961 ) was an American figure skater who competed in ice dancing with Roger Campbell .
Hideo Date ( January 5 , 1907 to January 6 , 2005 ) was a Japanese - born American painter active from the 1930s to the 1980s , known for combining elements of Japanese nihonga with American Synchromism .
Pat George is an American businessman and politician from Kansas .
Barbara O. Jones , also known as Barbarao , Barbara - O , and Barbara O. , is an American actor from Ohio best known for her work in the films of the L.A. Rebellion movement of 1970s black filmmakers , starring in films by Haile Gerima and Julie Dash .
Marie - Françoise Guédon , Ph.D. , is a Canadian anthropologist and professor of religious studies at the University of Ottawa in Ottawa , Canada .
Eve Libertine ( real name Bronwyn Lloyd Jones ) is a British singer .
Idel Torriente Leal ( born September 9 , 1986 ) is a Cuban amateur boxer who won the Pan American featherweight title 2007 and qualified for the Olympics .
David Arquette ( born September 8 , 1971 ) is an American actor , film director , producer , screenwriter , and fashion designer .
Nicolas Colombel ( c.1644 - -1717 ) was a French painter , much inflluenced by Poussin .
Francis Curray McHugh , known as Frank McHugh ( May 23 , 1898 -- September 11 , 1981 ) , was an American film and television actor .
Marian Fikus ( born October 14 , 1938 in Kobiór ) - is a Polish architect , urban planner and professor .
Mary Burnett Talbert ( September 17 , 1866 -- October 15 , 1923 ) was an American orator , activist , suffragist and reformer .
In 1998 , Gus G. decided to record a demo with some close musician friends in the United States .
Paula Newby - Fraser ( born June 2 , 1962 ) is an Ironman triathlete and duathlete .
Howard Schatz ( born 1940 ) is an American ophthalmologist and photographer .
Clara Kathleen Rogers ( Cheltenham , January 14 , 1844 -- Boston , March 8 , 1931 ) , was an American composer , singer , writer and music educator .
Stanley Beck ( June 5 , 1936 , New York City ) is an American film producer and actor of the stage , television , and film .
Alberto Dines ( February 19 , 1932 ) is a Brazilian journalist and writer .
Robert Lantos , CM BA MA D.Litt ( born 3 April 1949 ) is a Canadian film producer .
William Benton Boggs ( October 8 , 1854 -- February 18 , 1922 ) was an exchange broker and Democratic politician from his adopted community of Plain Dealing in northern Bossier Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
Kim Stringfellow is an American artist , educator , and photographer based out of Joshua Tree , California .
Ralf Wadephul , born 1958 in Berlin , is a German keyboardist / composer who collaborated with Tangerine Dream ( Edgar Froese , Paul Haslinger ) in the late 1980s on their first `` Melrose Years '' album Optical Race ( 1988 ) .
Erin Grey Van Oosbree ( born August 24 , 1973 ) , known professionally as Grey DeLisle ( pronounced De - lyle ) and Grey Griffin , is an American voice actress and singer - songwriter .
Donal McLaughlin ( July 26 , 1907 - September 27 , 2009 ) was an American architect who played a major role in the design of the Flag of the United Nations .
From this writer we learn that Saint Swithun was born in the reign of Egbert of Wessex , and was ordained priest by Helmstan , bishop of Winchester ( 838-c . 852 ) .
Lê Quang Quý Trang Đài , also known by the stage name Lynda Trang Đài ( Đà Nẵng , 1968 ) , is a Vietnamese American singer .
Warren C. Philbrook ( November 30 , 1857 -- May 31 , 1933 ) was a Maine politician , lawyer and judge .
Mick Thompson is an American banker and politician from Oklahoma who is serving as the State Banking Commissioner for the State of Oklahoma .
Ángel Borlenghi ( February 1 , 1904 -- August 6 , 1962 ) was an Argentine labor leader and politician closely associated with the Peronist movement .
Sampda Sharma , better known by her stage name Samsaya , is an Indian - born Norwegian singer and actress .
He came back , still as co - leader of the Thad Jones / Mel Lewis Orchestra , in December 1978 and continued as a leader and conductor for the Danish big band .
Henry William Ravenel ( 1814 - -1887 ) was an American planter and botanist .
John of Paris OP ( in French Jean de Paris ) , also called Jean Quidort and Johannes de Soardis ( c. 1255 -- September 22 , 1306 ) was a French philosopher , theologian , and Dominican friar .
Richard Tait CBE is a British journalist and Professor of Journalism at Cardiff University .
Angelo Ephrikian ( October 20 , 1913 -- October 30 , 1982 ) was an Italian musicologist and violinist of Armenian descent .
Robert Stepneth or Stepney ( by 1513 - 57 ) , was an English politician .
Ricardo Lara ( born November 5 , 1974 ) is a politician from Los Angeles County , California who serves in the California State Senate , where he represents the 33rd district .
Arthur Fields ( August 6 , 1888 -- March 29 , 1953 ) was an American singer ( baritone ) and songwriter .
Stuart David is a Scottish musician , songwriter and novelist .
Shepard Stone ( March 31 , 1908 - May 4 , 1990 ) was an American journalist and foundation administrator .
Huang Ying ( born January 28 , 1989 in Dazhou , Sichuan ) is a Chinese pop singer .
Liudmila Kalinchik ( born 1982 ) is a retired Belarusian biathlete .
Guity Novin ( born Guity Navran , 1944 ) is an Iranian - Canadian figurative painter , and graphic designer residing in Canada .
Rachel Komisarz ( born December 5 , 1976 ) , also known by her married name Rachel Komisarz - Baugh , is an American former competition swimmer , Olympic gold medalist , and former world record - holder .
Louise Bédard ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian dancer , choreographer and teacher who has been active on the contemporary dance scene since 1983 .
Nachiketa ( born Bengali : নচিকেতা চক্রবর্তী Nachiketa Chakraborty ) is an Indian Bengali singer - songwriter and composer who is known for his modern Bengali lyrics and natural mode of singing .
Guillaume Corpart Muller ( born in France ) is a photographer who works in the fields of documentary and fine art photography .
Hermann of Reichenau ( July 18 , 1013 -- September 24 , 1054 ) , also called Hermannus Contractus or Hermannus Augiensis or Herman the Cripple , was a Roman Catholic 11th - century scholar , composer , music theorist , mathematician , and astronomer .
Brady Goodwin Jr. ( born December 2 , 1976 ) better known by his stage name , Phanatik is an American East Coast rapper and author who has recorded both independently and as a founding member of the two time Grammy nominated group The Cross Movement .
Sanjay Suri is an Indian actor and producer from Bollywood .
Mike Yaconelli ( July 24 , 1942 - -October 30 , 2003 ) was a writer , theologian , church leader and satirist .
Gwyn R Price is a Welsh politician who is an elected member of the National Assembly for Wales for the constituency of Islwyn .
Robert J. Zdarsky ( June 3 , 1950 -- March 30 , 2015 ) , better known by his stage name Robert Z'Dar , was an American actor and film producer , best known for his role as officer Matt Cordell in the cult horror film Maniac Cop and its two sequels .
Michael Healey is a Canadian playwright and actor .
Gismalla Abdalla Rassas , a South Sudanese politician and member of the Southern Sudan Liberation Movement , was the penultimate president of the High Executive Council of the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region , serving from 5 October 1981 to 23 June 1982 .
Jeff Dowd ( born November 20 , 1949 ) is an American film producer and political activist best known as a member of the `` Seattle Seven , '' who went to jail ( briefly , for contempt of court ) following a violent protest against the Vietnam war .
Sherry Sylvester is a political worker and journalist .
As a writer , Carlo Marenco belongs to the Romantic school .
Robert Lane Greene is an American journalist , best known for his work for The Economist and his book about the politics of language , You Are What You Speak :
Nina Kuo is a New York - based painter , animator and multimedia artist .
Sisse Marie Holzmann Søby ( born in Aalborg , November 21 , 1985 ) is a Danish singer , model , TV hostess and songwriter .
Vernon Jarrett ( June 19 , 1918 -- May 23 , 2004 ) was an African - American journalist who worked in newspaper , television and radio and was an influential commentator on race relations , politics , and African - American history .
George Sharp ( born 12 March 1950 in West Hartlepool , County Durham , England ) is an English former first class cricketer who is currently a first class umpire .
Madathil Vasudevan , popularly known as M. V. Devan ( January 15 , 1928 -- April 29 , 2014 ) , was an Indian painter , sculptor , writer , art critic and orator .
Ana Amélia Lemos was married to lawyer and politician Omar Octavio Cardoso , who died in 2011 .
Toni Redpath is a professional ballroom dance champion and choreographer .
Jon Switalski is a former Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Karl Georg Christian von Staudt ( January 24 , 1798 -- June 1 , 1867 ) was a German mathematician who used synthetic geometry to provide a foundation for arithmetic .
Carolina White ( May 23 , 1886 -- October 5 , 1961 ) was an actress and opera singer who appeared with Enrico Caruso in one of only two movies the tenor made ;
Suni Paz is an Argentinian singer , songwriter , guitarist , poet , folklorist , translator , and teacher , who has recorded and has been published extensively .
Marlee Scott ( born January 1 , 1986 in Richmond Hill , Ontario ) is a country music singer and songwriter .
Don Collier ( born October 17 , 1928 ) is an actor particularly known for his role in television westerns during the 1960s .
Martin Mullen ( August 22 , 1852 -- October 27 , 1915 ) was an American professional baseball player for the Cleveland Forest Citys .
Don Fry AO ( born Donald G. Fry ) is an Australian engineer , company director , entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Isis King ( born October 1 , 1985 ) is an American fashion model and a fashion designer .
Anton Kwiatkowski is a Canadian recording engineer and record producer who began his career in England .
José Antonio Ríos Granados ( December 2 , 1958 -- October 2 , 2007 ) was a Mexican politician , actor , and film maker who served as the mayor of Tultitlán ( State of México ) from 2000 until 2003 .
Julia DeVillers ( born May 26 , 1967 ) is an American writer of books including How My Private , Personal Journal Became A Bestseller .
Wadel Abdelkader Kamougué ( May 20 , 1939 -- May 9 , 2011 ) was a Chadian politician and army officer .
William Montgomery Churchwell was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Mariano Perez Flormata Jr. ( born July 26 , 1985 ) , better known as Neil Perez , is a Filipino actor , police officer and pageant winner who was crowned Mister International 2014 at Ansan , Seoul , South Korea .
Dean Drummond ( January 22 , 1949 -- April 13 , 2013 ) was an American composer , arranger , conductor and musician .
George Bacon Wood ( March 13 , 1797 -- March 30 , 1879 ) was an American physician , professor , and writer from Pennsylvania .
Jesper Mogensen is a Danish neuroscientist who works as a professor at the University of Copenhagen , Department of Psychology , and is the founder and head of The Unit for Cognitive Neuroscience ( UCN ) and director of Research Centre for Brain Injury Rehabilitation ( ReCBIR ) .
Dorothy Comstock Riley ( December 6 , 1924 -- October 23 , 2004 ) was a lawyer and judge from the U.S. state of Michigan , serving on the Michigan Supreme Court and the first woman to serve on the Michigan Court of Appeals .
Humaira Hasan is a career diplomat from Pakistan .
Fatiniza is a Colombian pop and rock singer - songwriter , based in Dubai .
Emílio Henrique Baumgart or Emil Heinrich Baumgart ( in German ) was a Brazilian engineer .
Anthony Ian Berkeley ( November 15 , 1964 -- July 15 , 2001 ) better known as Too Poetic , was a Trinidadian - born American rapper and producer .
Achille Ouy ( 1889 - 1959 ) was a French philosopher and sociologist who taught philosophy at various lycees .
Craig McDonald is a journalist and the author of The Hector Lassiter series , The Chris Lyon series , the standalone novel El Gavilan , as well as two collections of interviews with fellow fiction writers , Art in the Blood ( 2006 ) and Rogue Males ( 2009 ) .
Bill Bayno ( born May 18 , 1962 ) is an American basketball coach and former assistant coach with the Toronto Raptors .
Joe Doerr ( November 15 , 1961 ) a.k.a . Joe Francis Doerr is an Austin , Texas - based singer - songwriter and poet .
He has a son named Charles Glenn McClelland who is also a musician .
Aaron Brookner ( born December 22 , 1981 ) is an American film director and scriptwriter .
Yasin Pilavcılar ( born September 11 , 1990 , in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a horse racing jockey , who is currently riding at Veliefendi Race Course in Istanbul , Turkey .
Moni Naor ( Hebrew : מוני נאור‎ ) is an Israeli computer scientist , currently a professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science .
Gigi Hamilton is a Swedish singer - songwriter , best known as a member of the popular Swedish pop - groups , Freestyle and later Style .
Philipp Meyer ( born Jan 5 , 1974 ) is an American fiction writer , and is the author of the novels American Rust and The Son , as well as short stories published in McSweeney 's Quarterly , The Iowa Review , and Esquire UK .
Jean - Léonard Rugambage was a Rwandan journalist , acting editor of the newspaper Umuvugizi .
Charles Edward Karst , known as Ed Karst ( September 18 , 1931 -- July 17 , 1992 ) , was an attorney and politician remembered for his controversial tenure as the mayor ( 1969 - -1973 ) of Alexandria , the seat of Rapides parish and the largest city in central Louisiana .
Jeremy Lile is a former bass singer for the Southern Gospel quartet Brian Free and Assurance .
Cornelia Peake McDonald ( June 14 , 1822 -- January 11 , 1909 ) was an American diarist who was the author of A Diary with Reminiscences of the War and Refugee Life in the Shenandoah Valley , 1860 - 1865 in which she recaps her life as a woman living in Winchester , Virginia .
Rob Bochnik ( born 1973 ) is an American musician , audio engineer , singer and songwriter .
Martin Kolikoli , also known as Martin Ndunguru , ( born May 25 , 1989 in Dar es Salaam ) is a Tanzanian professional basketball player for Pazi Basketball Team in Tanzania .
David Hilker is an American singer , musician , songwriter , producer and music industry executive .
Jorge Santini Padilla ( born March 11 , 1960 ) is a Puerto Rican politician who is best known as former Mayor of San Juan City .
K. Rajeshwar is an Indian film director , who has Tamil films .
Louise Meriwether ( born May 8 , 1923 ) is an American novelist , essayist , journalist and activist , as well as a writer of biographies of historically important African Americans for children .
Jim Garland ( April 8 , 1905 -- September 6 , 1978 ) was a songwriter from the coal mining country of eastern Kentucky , where he was involved with the communist - led National Miners Union ( NMU ) during the violent labor conflicts of the early 1930s called the Harlan County War .
Zhu Yun ( Chinese : 朱赟 , born 1989 ) is a Chinese team handball player .
Diana Remenyi ( born April 4 , 1986 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian former swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events .
Wipert von Blücher ( 14 July 1883 -- 20 January 1963 ) was a German diplomat and the German ambassador to Finland from 12 May 1935 to late 1944 .
Vincenc Makovský ( Vincent Makovsky ) ( 1900 - -1966 ) was an avant - garde Czech sculptor and industrial designer .
Ashraf Habibullah is a structural engineer and software developer best known as the founder , President , and CEO of Computers and Structures , Inc. , a structural and earthquake engineering software company based in Berkeley , California .
Nabil Gholam is a Lebanese architect and the founder of Nabil Gholam Architects ( ngª ) .
Tico Wells is an African - American actor , known for his role as Choir Boy in the 1991 film The Five Heartbeats .
`` No other journalist or world figure , with the possible exception of Winston Churchill , has remained in the public spotlight for so long , '' wrote Norman R. Bowen in Lowell Thomas :
Walter Irving Scott ( July 1 , 1895 -- May 12 , 1995 ) was an American musician , cardsharp and amateur magician .
James Blatch Piggott Dennis ( 1815 - 1861 ) was an English paleontologist and natural historian .
Anja Steinlechner Hubalek is an Austrian - born singer / songwriter .
Jeffrey Tayler is a U.S .- born author and journalist .
Joseph Calleia ( /kəˈleɪə/ kə - LAY - ə ; born Joseph Alexander Caesar Herstall Vincent Calleja , August 4 , 1897 -- October 31 , 1975 ) was a Maltese - born American actor and singer on the stage and in films , radio and television .
Benjamin Wood Richards ( November 12 , 1797 in Batsto , New Jersey -- July 12 , 1851 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an American lawyer and politician from Pennsylvania .
Sérgio ' Mallandro ' Neiva Cavalcanti a.k.a . `` Sérgio Mallandro '' ( born October 12 , 1955 , date confirmed by Sérgio Mallandro on the TV Record program `` Tudo é Possível '' ) is a Brazilian actor and TV shows host .
Leonhard Blasius ( also spelled Lennart , Leinert , Lineest ) ( died December 8 , 1644 ) was a Danish architect in the service of King Christian IV .
Maia Hirasawa ( born May 5 , 1980 ) is a Swedish singer - songwriter of Swedish and Japanese parentage .
Albert John Cook ( born in Owosso , Michigan on August 30 , 1842 ; died in Owosso on September 29 , 1916 ) was an entomologist and zoologist .
She is the chief executive officer of Kendra Scott Design .
Lilian May Miller ( July 20 , 1895 - January 11 , 1943 ) was an American painter , woodblock printmaker and poet born in Tokyo , Japan .
Sam Bozzo ( born February 15 , 1969 ) is an American film director and author .
Mary Hopkin ( born 3 May 1950 ) , credited on some recordings as Mary Visconti , is a Welsh folk singer best known for her 1968 UK number one single `` Those Were The Days '' .
Kenelm Henry Digby ( c. 1797 -- 1880 ) was an Anglo - Irish writer , whose reputation rests chiefly on his earliest publication , The Broad - Stone of Honour , or Rules for the Gentlemen of England ( 1822 ) , which contains an exhaustive survey of medieval customs .
Kazuo Misaki ( born April 25 , 1976 ) is a retired Japanese professional mixed martial artist and former judoka .
SS Sule ( full name and details unknown ) was an Indian cricketer who played for Holkar .
Alexander Isley ( born November 16 , 1961 ) is an American graphic designer and educator .
Ingram Cecil Connor III ( November 5 , 1946 -- September 19 , 1973 ) , known professionally as Gram Parsons , was an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , and pianist .
Aleksandar Hemon ( born September 9 , 1964 ) is a Bosnian - born American fiction writer , essayist , and critic .
Thanjavur Subha Rao was an Indian administrator and musician who served as the dewan of the state of Travancore in the 1830s .
Yasuji Sasaki ( born February 28 , 1967 ) is a Japanese chef , and winner of the 2008 Bocuse d'Or Asia , the inaugural competition of its kind .
William Frank McCall , Jr. , FAIA ( April 14 , 1916 -- March 12 , 1991 ) was a noted architect who -- like his colleagues , Edward Vason Jones , James Means , Philip Shutze , et al .
Jeffrey Mursau ( June 12 , 1954 ) is a Wisconsin politician , legislator and businee owner .
Christine Malèvre ( born January 10 , 1970 ) is a former nurse who was arrested in 1998 on suspicion of having killed as many as 30 patients .
John Fillmore Hayford ( May 19 , 1868 -- March 10 , 1925 ) was an eminent United States geodesist .
Chuck Goudie ( born January 17 , 1956 in Detroit , Michigan ) is an American television journalist based in Chicago .
Vinny Miller ( born in Dorset , England ) is a British singer - songwriter and record producer , once signed to the 4AD label .
Seth Landau is an actor / writer / director and former newspaper reporter for The Arizona Republic and New Times .
' Adnan Akbar , born in Mecca is a Saudi fashion designer described as the `` Saint Laurent of the Middle East '' .
Dr. Ajay Kumar Parida is an Indian biologist noted for his contributions in the fields of agriculture , plant molecular biology and biotechnology .
Harry Mattison ( born January 27 , 1948 ) is an American photographer born Henry E. Mattison in New York City .
Rafael Bejarano ( born June 23 , 1982 in Arequipa , Peru ) is a champion jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing .
Z. Boult ( first name and dates unknown ) was an English first - class cricketer who made one appearance for Middlesex in 1787 , scoring 18 runs .
Sylvester Ritter ( December 13 , 1952 -- June 2 , 1998 ) was an American professional wrestler and college football player , best known for his work in Mid - South Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation as the Junkyard Dog ( or JYD for short ) , a nickname Ritter received while working in a wrecking yard .
Thomas Polk ( c. 1732 - -January 25 , 1794 ) was a planter , military officer in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War from 1775 to 1781 , and a politician who served in the North Carolina House of Commons , North Carolina Provincial Congress , and Council of State .
Alfredo Donelli was a leading Italian cinematographer who worked on a number of silent films including the largely abandoned Italian - shot scenes of MGM 's blockbuster Ben Hur ( 1925 ) .
Robert Bruce Moser ( November 24 , 1916 -- October 14 , 2015 ) , known as Bruce Mozert , was an American photographer .
Christopher Galloway was a Scottish engineer and architect who worked in Russia during the reign of Tsar Mikhail ( 1621 - -1645 ) .
Dr June Jackson Christmas is a psychiatrist , a former New York City Commissioner of Mental Health and Mental Retardation Services , member of President Jimmy Carter transition team , the beneficiary of Human - Services Award , the founder of a community psychiatric program in Harlem - Harlem Rehabilitation Center .
Brent Laing ( born December 10 , 1978 in Meaford , Ontario ) is a Canadian curler currently residing in Calgary , Alberta .
Mojib Latif ( born September 29 , 1954 ) is German meteorologist and oceanographer of Pakistani descent .
Sydney Ball is an Australian abstract painter .
Gün Sazak ( March 26 , 1932 -- May 27 , 1980 ) was a Turkish nationalist politician and former government minister who was assassinated in a terrorist attack by left wing militants .
Tristan Dyer is an American film director , stop - motion animator , and Iraq war veteran from Waldoboro , Maine .
Rajkumar Santoshi is an Indian film director , producer and screenwriter of Hindi films .
Tshepo Mhozya ( born on November 29 , 1985 in Botswana ) is a Botswana cricketer and is the current captain of Botswana national cricket team .
Randy Halberstadt ( born May 1 , 1953 in New York , New York ) is an American jazz pianist , composer , recording artist , author , and teacher .
Joseph Goldberger ( Hungarian : Goldberger József ) ( July 16 , 1874 -- January 17 , 1929 ) was an American physician and epidemiologist employed in the United States Public Health Service ( PHS ) .
Gary Dontzig is an American television producer , screenwriter , and actor .
William Happer ( born July 27 , 1939 ) is an American physicist who has specialised in the study of atomic physics , optics and spectroscopy .
Sway Calloway ( born August 23 , 1970 ) , better known mononymously as Sway , is an American rapper and reporter and executive producer for MTV News .
Shawn McGrath ( May 9 , 1976 -- January 26 , 2011 ) was an American professional wrestler , better known by the ring name Shawn Osborne .
Miltiades Manno ( March 3 , 1880 -- February 16 , 1935 ) was a Hungarian rower and artist .
Edmund Docwra ( fl . 1571 - 2 ) of Chamberhouse Castle at Crookham in Berkshire , was an English politician .
Lisa Ono ( 小野リサ , Ono Risa , born July 29 , 1962 ) is a popular Japanese - Brazilian bossa nova singer .
Kadiyam Srihari is an Indian politician , presently Deputy Chief Minister and Education minister of Telangana State .
Simona Armstrong ( born 1977/78 ) is a Romanian born actress and singer who lives and works mainly in the UK .
John Peavey ( born September 1 , 1933 ) is a rancher and Democratic politician from Carey , Idaho .
Deacon Ignjatije ( Serbian : Ђакон Игњатије ) was Russian deacon who accompanied Metropolitan Pimen during his travel to Constantinople at the end of the 14th century .
Joel Dreyfuss ( born in Haiti , 1945 ) is a Haitian - American journalist , editor , and writer now based in Paris , France .
H.F. Russell ( dates unknown ) was an English cricketer .
Ali Sharif Al Emadi is a Qatari economist and businessman .
Saint Sergius of Valaam ( Сергий Валаамский ) was a Greek monk and wonderworker credited with bringing Orthodox Christianity to Karelian and Finnish people .
Carl G. von Iwonski ( 1830 - -1912 ) was a painter born in Germany who became a naturalized American citizen .
George Boba , a painter and engraver of the 16th century , known by the name of Maître Georges , was a native of Rheims , and is said by Karel van Mander to have been a disciple of Frans Floris , and by others of Titian .
Abdur Rashid Kardar ( 1904 - -1989 ) , often abbreviated as A.R. Kardar , was an actor and film director / film producer .
Nico Minardos ( born February 15 , 1930 in Pangrati , Athens , Greece , died August 27 , 2011 in Woodland Hills , California ) , was a Greek - American actor .
Johann Strauss I ( German : Johann Baptist Strauß , Johann Strauss ( Vater ) ; also Johann Baptist Strauss , Johann Strauss , Sr . , the Elder , the Father ; March 14 , 1804 -- September 25 , 1849 ) was an Austrian Romantic composer .
John Carroll O'Connor ( August 2 , 1924 -- June 21 , 2001 ) , known as Carroll O'Connor , was an American actor , producer and director whose television career spanned four decades .
Bela Bose was a prolific dancer and actress in Hindi films during the 1960s and 70s .
Henri Pitot ( May 3 , 1695 -- December 27 , 1771 ) was a French hydraulic engineer and the inventor of the pitot tube .
Karla Kienzl ( sometimes listed as Carla Kienzl or Karla Kienzl ) ( born October 21 , 1922 ) was an Austrian luger who competed during the 1950s .
Neema Barnette is an American film director , and the first African - American woman sitcom director .
Reena Bhardwaj is a British Indian singer , songwriter and recording artist best known for her collaborations with AR Rahman and Nitin Sawhney .
Clement Cheng is a screenwriter , film director , and visual effects art director in the cinema of Hong Kong .
Dylan Ramsey is an American / Canadian actor and film producer , known for his portrayals of dark dramatic and comedically eccentric characters of diverse ethnicity .
Ellen Rogers is an English photographer and visual artist , known for her `` all - analogue '' approach to image making .
Evan Glodell is an American feature film director , producer , writer , and actor , who directed the indie film Bellflower on a shoestring budget of $ 17,000 .
Lester Strong ( born Lester Franklin Strong , circa 1949 ) was a reporter and news anchor at WHDH - TV from June 1984 until 2000 .
Hideo Shimizu ( 清水 英男 ) is a Japanese mathematician who introduced Shimizu L - functions .
D. S. Adhimoolam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu ..
Clifford Chase is an American novelist who has written Winkie , a novel about a sentient teddy bear accused of terrorism , The Hurry - Up Song :
Simon Kaukhchishvili ( Georgian : სიმონ ყაუხჩიშვილი ) ( October 1 , 1895 , Kutaisi -- May 11 , 1981 , Tbilisi ) was a Georgian historian and philologist known for his critical editions of old Georgian chronicles ;
Luc Dupanloup , more famous under his pen name Dupa , was a Belgian comics artist best known as the creator of Cubitus which later was turned into an animated series called Wowser .
Walter O'Keefe ( August 18 , 1900 -- June 26 , 1983 ) was an American songwriter , actor , syndicated columnist , Broadway composer , radio legend , screenwriter , musical arranger and TV host .
Joel Thome ( born in Detroit , Michigan ) is the conductor and artistic director of Orchestra of Our Time .
Bruce Simonson is an American planetary scientist and geologist notable for his contributions to meteoroid astronomy and glaciology .
Johnny Archer ( born November 12 , 1968 in Waycross , Georgia ) is an American professional pool player .
Alekos Livaditis ( Greek : Αλέκος Λειβαδίτης , 1914 -- March 23 , 1980 ) was a Greek actor in theatre and cinema .
The abuse began in 1982 and continued for two years , when the victim was an altar boy in Valleymount parish and Thomas Naughton was curate .
Jeannette Hamby ( March 15 , 1933 -- January 27 , 2012 ) was an American politician and nurse in Oregon .
George Nick Clements ( October 5 , 1940 -- August 30 , 2009 ) was an American theoretical linguist specializing in phonology .
Gao Qinrong ( Chinese : 高勤荣 ; pinyin : Gāo Qínróng ; born c. 1955 ) is a Chinese journalist who was imprisoned for eight years after reporting on a fraudulent irrigation project in his home province of Shanxi .
Roy Koerner MBE was a Polar explorer who participated in what the then Prime Minister , Harold Wilson described as `` a feat of endurance and courage which ranks with any in polar history '' , and Prince Philip feels `` ranks among the greatest triumphs of human skill and endurance '' .
Joseph Victor Gomez Ejercito ( born December 26 , 1969 in Manila ) , commonly known as JV Ejercito or JV Ejercito Estrada , is a Filipino politician who served as Representative for the Legislative district of San Juan City , Mayor of that same city , and is currently , a Senator .
Nicole Fiscella ( born September 15 , 1979 ) is an American actress and model , of Indian and St Lucian ancestry , who rose to fame through the book - based TV series Gossip Girl as Isabel Coates .
Enric Martí Carreto was a Catalan textile entrepreneur in the second half of the 20th century .
Claire Bishop is an art historian , critic , author , and Professor in the History of Art Department at CUNY Graduate Center , New York since September 2008 .
Herman Hartwich ( or Hartwick , July 8 , 1853 in New York City -- March 8 , 1926 in Munich ) was a German - American landscape and genre painter .
Norman Love is an American pastry chef located in Fort Myers , Florida .
Habiba Dembélé Sahouet is an Ivorian journalist and television presenter .
Ernest van den Haag ( September 15 , 1914 -- March 21 , 2002 ) was a Dutch - American sociologist , social critic , and John M. Olin Professor of Jurisprudence and Public Policy at Fordham University .
Venise T. Berry is an award - winning American novelist known for her novels about contemporary African - American relationships .
J. Owen Forrester ( April 27 , 1939 -- July 1 , 2014 ) was a United States federal judge , a position he held from 1981 to 2004 .
Pycard , also spelt Picard and Picart ( late 14th century -- early 15th century ) was an English or French Medieval and Renaissance transitional composer .
Duane Martin ( born August 11 , 1965 ) is an American film and television actor and real estate agent .
Eleanor Margaret Burbidge ( née Peachey ) , FRS ( born August 12 , 1919 in Davenport ) is a British - born American astrophysicist , noted for original research and holding many administrative posts , including Director of the Royal Greenwich Observatory .
John Thomson Mason ( January 8 , 1787 -- April 17 , 1850 ) was an American lawyer , United States marshal , Secretary of Michigan Territory from 1830 through 1831 , land agent , and an important figure in the Texas Revolution .
Suzanne M. Levine , DPM , PC , is a clinical podiatrist and a foot surgeon at the NewYork--
Chandra Mohan Sharma ( born 1976 ) is an Indian social activist , who used the Right to Information ( RTI ) act to fight against illegal encroachments of government land .
Henri René ( born Harold M. Kirchstein ; December 29 , 1906 -- April 25 , 1993 ) , was an American musician who had an international career in the recording industry as a producer , composer , conductor and arranger .
Nidia Guenard ( born March 12 , 1979 ) is an American retired professional wrestler who is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) under the ring name , Nidia .
John Hessin Clarke ( September 18 , 1857 -- March 22 , 1945 ) was an American lawyer and judge who served as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1916 to 1922 .
Irina Petrushova ( born 1965 ) is a Russian journalist , founder and editor - in - chief of the weekly Respublika in Kazakhstan .
Qahar Asi ( Persian : قهار عاصی‎ ) ( April 12 , 1956 -- September 29 , 1994 ) was a notable modern Afghan poet and agriculturist .
George Van Tassel ( March 12 , 1910 -- February 9 , 1978 ) was an American contactee , ufologist , author .
Joe Thein ( born July 17 , 1991 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) is a Luxembourgish politician , councillor of Pétange and flight attendant .
Roger Youderian ( January 21 , 1924 -- January 8 , 1956 ) was an American evangelical Christian missionary to Ecuador who , along with four others , was killed while attempting to evangelize the Huaorani people through efforts known as Operation Auca .
Archer MacMackin ( February 7 , 1888 -- February 8 , 1961 ) was an American silent film director , producer , and screenwriter .
George Henry Challenger ( 1881 - 1947 ) was a British aviator and aero - engineer , originally with the Bristol Aeroplane Company and later with Vickers he designed a number of aircraft and held a number of aviation related patents .
G. Edward Bradley ( October 21 , 1906 -- September 24 , 1993 ) was an American optometrist and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the 24th Mayor , of Somerville , Massachusetts .
Fabián Dobles Rodríguez ( January 17 , 1918 -- March 22 , 1997 ) was a Costa Rican writer and left - wing political activist .
Louis Gathmann ( August 11 , 1843 - -June 3 , 1917 ) was a German American engineer and an inventor who is best remembered as the inventor of the Gathamnn gun , a large howitzer .
Linda Perhacs is an American psychedelic folk singer , who released her first album Parallelograms in 1970 to scant notice or sales .
Sam Boardman - Jacobs ( born 1942 ) is a Wales - based playwright , director scenographer and recently choreographer , since receiving a master 's degree from Trinity/ Laban .
Born in Auch in a modest family , Jean - Louis - Brigitte Espagne enlisted in 1787 as a soldier in the Dragons de la Reine ( Queen 's Dragoons ) regiment and then saw a very slow promotion through the ranks .
Kevin Schilder is a video game composer .
Ajay Rai is an Indian politician , who is a five - time MLA from Uttar Pradesh .
Kari Korhonen ( born 1973 ) is a Finnish cartoonist known for his stories about Donald Duck .
O'Ryan ( born O'Ryan Omir Browner ; February 12 , 1987 in Compton , California ) is an American R&B singer .
David B. Kaplan is an American physicist born in 1958 .
Harvey L. Clark ( October 7 , 1807 -- March 24 , 1858 ) was an educator , missionary , and settler of what became Forest Grove , Oregon , United States .
Loren R. Pierce ( December 26 , 1878 -- June 24 , 1961 ) was a Vermont attorney and politician who had a long career in the Vermont General Assembly .
Hasan Zaydan is an Iraqi politician and a member of the Iraqi National Assembly with the Iraqi National Dialogue Front .
Frances Carter Barron Casteel , known as Carter Casteel ( born December 10 , 1942 ) , is an attorney and Republican politician from New Braunfels , Texas .
Kris Angelica ( January 2 , 1999 ) is a Filipina singer and a Television Personality .
Robert Linderholm ( October 19 , 1933 -- July 6 , 2013 ) was an amateur American astronomer who discovered eight asteroids .
Eric Funk is an American contemporary classical composer and conductor .
Philip Granville Short , known as Phil Short ( born January 31 , 1947 ) , is a retired military officer formerly from Covington , Louisiana , USA , who served in the Louisiana State Senate for District 12 ( St. Helena , St. Tammany , Tangipahoa , and Washington parishes ) from 1996 to 1999 .
Don Costello ( September 5 , 1901 -- October 24 , 1945 ) was an American stage ( Broadway ) and movie actor .
John C. Shabaz ( June 25 , 1931 - August 31 , 2012 ) was a United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin and legislator .
William Coulter is an American Celtic guitarist , performer , recording artist , and teacher .
Louis Ozawa Changchien ( born October 11 , 1975 ) is an American actor , best known for his role in the 2010 film Predators and 2012 The Bourne Legacy .
James M. Lilly was an American politician who served as the twenty second Mayor of North Adams , Massachusetts .
Gavin MacKenzie ( born November 9 , 1952 ) is a Canadian lawyer and former Treasurer of the Law Society of Upper Canada .
Jorge Marrale ( born June 30 , 1947 ) is a well - known Argentine actor .
Diana Lee Inosanto ( born May 29 , 1966 ) is an American actress , stuntwoman , martial artist and film director , sometimes credited as D. Lee Inosanto .
Grant Hinkle is an American poker player who won the 2008 World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) $ 1,500 No - Limit Hold'em event .
John C. Van Hollen ( June 27 , 1933 ) is a Wisconsin businessman and politician .
Robert Kimmel Smith ( born July 31 , 1930 , Brooklyn , New York ) is a novelist and award - winning American children 's author .
Dee Jaywalker is a Belgian punk rock musician and songwriter .
Penny Warner is an American mystery writer who has won multiple Agatha Awards .
Barnabe Barnes was well acquainted with the work of contemporary French sonneteers , to whom he is largely indebted , and he borrows his title , apparently , from a Neapolitan writer of Latin verse , Hieronymus Angerianus .
Zachary Lipton ( born 1985 ) is a jazz saxophonist , composer , and bandleader from New Rochelle , New York .
James Scheffer ( born June 8 , 1970 ) , professionally known as Jim Jonsin , is an American music producer , songwriter and businessman from South Florida .
La Mont West , Jr. ( born July 2 , 1930 ) is an anthropologist .
Vikram Chopra ( also known as Vicky Chopra ) born on June 9 is an Indian film director , screen writer and actor .
Elizabeth Tikvah Sarah ( also known as Rabbi Elli Sarah ) is a British rabbi and author .
Deborah Henson - Conant ( born November 11 , 1953 in Stockton , California ) is an American harpist and composer .
Count Edmund Francis Dunne ( July 30 , 1835 -- October 4 , 1904 ) , born Edmund Francis O'Dunne , was an American politician and jurist who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Arizona Territory .
Jean - Marie Séguin ( January 27 , 1929 -- August 21 , 2011 ) was an educator , insurance broker and politician in Quebec .
Roscoe Conkling ( October 30 , 1829 -- April 18 , 1888 ) was a politician from New York who served both as a member of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Michelle Belegrin is an American actress and model , who starred as Andrea Zavatti on the MyNetworkTV serial Desire .
Hans Olsson , a Swedish alpine skier specialising in the speed events , is Jon Olsson 's brother .
Bill Sherk is a Canadian writer and journalist and is an authority on old cars .
Max Swarner is a professional singer and actor from Dallas , TX .
Alvin Lustig ( February 8 , 1915 - December 5 , 1955 ) was an American book designer , graphic designer and typeface designer .
Ravi Bhatia ( born on November 30 , 1988 ) is an Indian television actor .
José Graziano da Silva ( born November 17 , 1949 ) is an American - born Brazilian agronomist and writer .
J. Patrick Lewis ( born May 5 , 1942 ) is an American poet and prose writer noted for his children 's poems and other light verse .
Ernesto Cardenal Martínez ( born January 20 , 1925 ) is a Nicaraguan Catholic priest , poet and politician .
Jean Dinning ( March 29 , 1924 -- February 22 , 2011 ) was an American singer and songwriter , best known for co - writing , with her then - husband , Red Surrey , the 1959 hit song `` Teen Angel '' , the most popular version of which was sung by her brother Mark Dinning .
Mohamad Zain Bin Mohd Saidin ( born February 23 , 1984 ) or more commonly known as Zain Saidin is a Malaysian actor and a model .
Judie Byrd is an American chef and host of the cooking series Judie Byrd 's Kitchen
Marina Abramović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марина Абрамовић , ; born November 30 , 1946 ) is a Serbian performance artist based in New York .
Hank Mizell ( November 9 , 1923 -- December 23 , 1992 ) was an American singer , guitarist and songwriter .
Robert Joseph Bandoni ( 11 November 1926 -- 5 May 2009 ) was a mycologist who specialized on the taxonomy and morphology of the heterobasidiomycetes ( `` jelly fungi '' ) .
Fernando Sanford ( 1854 - -1948 ) was an American physicist and university professor .
M. Korkut Uygun is a Turkish chemical engineer and a medical researcher .
Bernard Hocke is a television and film actor .
Henry Judd Baker is an American actor known for such films and television shows as Oliver Stone 's Seizure , Clean and Sober , The Mighty Quinn , William Friedkin 's Cruising and Dark Shadows .
Tanya Ryno is an American film and television producer , director , and writer .
Johnny Shannon ( born John Shannon , 29 July 1932 ) is a South London born English actor who appeared in numerous television and film productions over a 40-year period , often playing policemen or crooks in crime dramas .
Kenneth Hayes Miller ( March 11 , 1876 -- January 1 , 1952 ) was an American painter , printmaker , and teacher .
Piero Malvestiti ( 1899 - -1964 ) was an Italian politician who was a minister in successive governments in the 1940s and 1950s , a European Commissioner and President of the High Authority of the European Coal and Steel Community .
Apollonius of Tyana ( Ancient Greek : Ἀπολλώνιος ὁ Τυανεύς ; c. 15 -- c. 100 AD ) , sometimes also called Apollonios of Tyana , was a Greek Neopythagorean philosopher from the town of Tyana in the Roman province of Cappadocia in Anatolia .
Verena Winiwarter ( born July 26 , 1961 in Vienna ) is an Austrian environmental historian .
Morris Steggerda ( September 1 , 1900 − March 15 , 1950 ) was an American physical anthropologist .
Mihail Zervos is a Greek financial mathematician .
Mohamed Aloulou ( November 19 , 1941 ) is a Tunisian cardiologist and politician .
Luke Joseph Scarpa ( October 4 , 1928 -- April 3 , 2012 ) was an American professional wrestler who was best known by the ring name Chief Jay Strongbow .
Leon Drolet ( born January 9 , 1967 ) is a Michigan Republican politician and political activist known for his libertarian views .
Clayton Worbeck is a Canadian multi - instrumentalist , producer , engineer and remixer .
Joan Whitney Kramer ( June 26 , 1914 -- July 12 , 1990 ) was an American singer and songwriter .
Jamie Allan ( born c. 1860 ) was a Scottish professional golfer who played in the late 19th century .
Gregorio Soriano Araneta ( April 19 , 1869 -- May 9 , 1930 ) , also known as Don Gregorio S. Araneta , was a Filipino lawyer , businessman , nationalist and patriot , during the Spanish and American colonial periods .
Paula Barbieri ( born December 31 , 1966 ) is an American former model and actress .
Huang Lung - yi ( simplified Chinese : 黄龙义 ; traditional Chinese : 黃龍義 ; born June 20 , 1979 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player for the La New Bears .
Tami Gaines is an accomplished author , marketing and business strategist , and motivational speaker and trainer .
Juan Manuel Suárez Fernández ( July 11 , 1962 -- October 9 , 1992 ) also known by Juanma Suárez was a Spanish punk rock bassist and singer , founder and member of one of the most influential Spanish punk rock band Eskorbuto , since 1980 to 1992 .
Jürgen W. Gansel , ( born July 6 , 1974 ) is a German politician .
Terence Gaffney ( born 9 March 1948 ) is an American mathematician who has made fundamental contributions to singularity theory -- in particular , to the fields of singularities of maps and equisingularity theory .
Ola Ray ( born August 26 , 1960 ) is an American model and actress most notable for her role in Michael Jackson 's Thriller as Michael 's girlfriend .
Sarwar Munir Rao is a Pakistani television news journalist , columnist , TV analyst and a media consultant .
Tomasi Vuetilovoni , commonly known as Tom Vuetilovoni , is a former Fijian politician , who was Minister for Tourism and Transport in 2006 , following the parliamentary election held on 6 - -13 May that year .
Tamara Bernier Evans ( born Tamara Michele Bernier ) is a Canadian actress , director , singer , writer and producer .
Maria Luisa Tucker ( born August 20 , 1979 ) is an award - winning American journalist .
Lewis H. Nash ( 1852 -- November 11 , 1923 ) was an American engineer who invented the liquid - ring - vacuum pump , and was the holder of over a hundred United States patents for pumps , engines , and other equipment .
Russell Scott ( June 30 , 1921 -- August 27 , 2012 ) , also known as Blinky the Clown , was an American clown and television personality and presenter who starred in a Denver , Colorado television program called Blinky 's Fun Club .
`` Kelvin '' Leong Ian Veng ( born 12 September 1968 ) also known as Kelvin Leong is a Macanese racing driver previously competing in the Macau Touring Car Championship and the World Touring Car Championship , where he made his debut in 2012 .
Z. Vanessa Helder ( May 30 , 1904 -- May 1 , 1968 ) was an American watercolor painter who gained national attention in the 1930s and 40s , mainly for her paintings of scenes in Eastern Washington .
Debra Cowan is a singer based in Shrewsbury , Massachusetts .
Anton Vidokle is an artist and founder of e - flux .
William Mahone ( December 1 , 1826 -- October 8 , 1895 ) was a civil engineer , railroad executive , soldier and politician .
Hans Domnick ( 1909 - -1985 ) was a German film editor , film producer and documentary maker .
Isabel Cuchí Coll ( March 28 , 1904 -- December 22 , 1993 ) was a journalist , author and the Director of the `` Sociedad de Autores Puertorriqueños '' ( Society of Puerto Rican Authors ) .
Alton Gansky is an American novelist in the Christian fiction genre .
Prudencio Baldivia ( May 7 , 1929 -- October 11 , 1997 ) , better known as Dencio Padilla or Tata Dens , was a veteran Filipino actor and comedian .
Tommy Lorne ( December 7 , 1890 -- April 17 , 1935 ) was a Scottish music hall comedian of the 1920s .
Joel Rafael is an American singer - songwriter and folk musician from San Diego County , California .
Herbert Grossman ( September 30 , 1926 -- September 11 , 2010 ) was an American conductor who was chiefly known for his work within opera and musical theatre .
Uwe Windhorst ( Prof . Dr. Uwe Windhorst ) is a German neuroscientist , systems scientist and cyberneticist , who was born in Bremen , Germany in 1946 .
Morley Baer ( April 5 , 1916 -- November 9 , 1995 ) was an American photographer and teacher , born in Toledo , Ohio .
Lewis R. Foster ( August 5 , 1898 -- June 10 , 1974 ) was an American screenwriter , film / television director , and film / television producer .
Darren McGavin ( May 7 , 1922 -- February 25 , 2006 ) was an American actor best known for his portrayal of the grumpy but loving father in the film A Christmas Story , and for the title role in the television horror series Kolchak :
André Hallet ( 1890 - -1959 ) was a Belgian post - impressionist painter whose paintings have been exhibited at more than 60 museums worldwide , including the Louvre in Paris , France .
Beverly Lynn Bennett is an American vegan chef and author .
Jerome Clark ( born November 27 , 1946 ) is an American researcher and writer , specializing in unidentified flying objects and other paranormal subjects .
Lauren Worsham ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is an American actress and singer known for her work in the opera and musical theatre .
Jim Fenwick ( born 11 October 1934 ) is a former Australian photojournalist most well known for being a Walkley Award recipient and former chief photographer for The Courier Mail .
Pat Cashman ( born September 16 , 1950 ) is an American comedian and television and radio personality , based in the Seattle metropolitan area .
In March 1999 , Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker created , together with Rosas dancer Cynthia Loemij and Jolente De Keersmaeker and Frank Vercruyssen from the theatre company STAN , Quartett ; a dance - theatre performance based on the text by Heiner Müller .
Wayne Delmenico ( born 21 August 1952 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Patricia Cornelius is an Australian playwright and co - founder of Melbourne Workers Theatre .
Kip Anderson ( January 24 , 1938 -- August 29 , 2007 ) was an American soul blues and R&B singer and songwriter .
Kenzo Mori ( Japanese : 森研三 , 1914 -- January 5 , 2007 ) was an Nisei Japanese - Canadian journalist , writer , editor and publisher of the New Canadian , an English - language newspaper aimed at second- and third - generation Japanese Canadians .
Fran Landesman ( October 21 , 1927 -- July 23 , 2011 ) was an American lyricist and poet .
Lillian Faderman ( born July 18 , 1940 ) is an American historian whose books on lesbian history and LGBT history have earned critical praise and awards .
Arlene Perly Rae is a Canadian journalist , literary critic and author .
Peter Salem ( c. 1750 - -August 16 , 1816 ) was an African American from Massachusetts who served as a soldier in the American Revolutionary War .
Princess Baba Jigida is a Sierra Leonean politician .
Jolene Blalock ( born March 5 , 1975 ) is an American film and television actress and model , best known for playing the Vulcan T'Pol on the UPN science fiction series Star Trek :
Alfonso Teofilo Brown ( 1902 - -1951 ) , better known as Panama Al Brown , was a bantamweight boxer from Panama who made history by becoming boxing 's first Hispanic world champion .
Antonio Zarro ( born August 17 , 1961 ) is an Italian - American screenwriter , director and actor .
Svetislav Mandić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Светислав Мандић ; March 8 , 1921 -- October 4 , 2003 ) was a Yugoslav and Serbian historian , copier , fresco conserver , poet and painter .
Kirk J. Schneider , PhD is a psychologist and psychotherapist who has taken a leading role in the advancement of existential - humanistic therapy , and existential - integrative therapy .
Josh Bernstein ( born February 24 , 1971 ) is an American explorer , author , survival expert , anthropologist , and TV host best known as the host of Digging for the Truth .
Harry Sidebottom is a British author and historian , best known for his fiction series Warrior of Rome .
Rob Massam ( born 29 October 1987 ) is an English - born , Welsh international rugby league player who currently plays for the North Wales Crusaders .
John Mosher Bailey ( August 24 , 1838 -- February 21 , 1916 ) was an American politician who represented New York in the United States House of Representatives from 1878 - 1881 .
Horsley was the first neurosurgeon appointed to the hospital in Queen Square , London , now called the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery -- the Victor Horsley Department of Neurosurgery is named in his honour .
Mel Jason Smalls ( born January 4 , 1979 ) , better known by his stage name Drag - On , is an American hip hop recording artist and actor from the Bronx borough of New York City .
Enock Ondego is a prominent Kenyan songwriter , singer , author nationalist , founder of The Mwakigwena Choir Group and most notable for his biography , The Life Of Mzee Ondego , published by the Kwani trust , and his two songs :
Wang Cheng - teng ( Chinese : 王政騰 ; pinyin : Wáng Zhèngténg ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Alvin Lucier ( born May 14 , 1931 ) is an American composer of experimental music and sound installations that explore acoustic phenomena and auditory perception .
John C. Koch ( October 18 , 1841 -- September 9 , 1907 ) was a Republican politician who served two terms as mayor of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
MG Srinivas ( Bangalore ) is an Indian film director and screenwriter in Kannada cinema .
Chad Lamont Butler ( December 29 , 1973 -- December 4 , 2007 ) , better known by his stage name Pimp C , was a rapper , singer , and producer .
Neta Snook Southern ( February 14 , 1896 -- March 23 , 1991 ) was a pioneer aviator who achieved a long list of firsts .
František Záviška ( November 18 , 1879 -- April 17 , 1945 ) was a renowned Czech physicist .
Craig Wolff is an American journalist and author and a former sports , feature , and news writer for The New York Times .
Niall Gilligan ( born 12 August 1976 ) was an Irish hurler who usually played as a right corner - forward for the Clare senior team .
A well - known Somali poet Abdullahi Moalin Ahmed `` Dhoodaan '' died at age of 72 in the city of Harar .
Isidoro Ocampo was both a graphic artist and painter but was best known for his graphic work .
Archeanassa or Archaeanassa ( Greek Ἀρχεάνασσα , Ἀρχαιάνασσα ) , a native of Colophon , was a hetaera or courtesan living in Athens in the late 5th century BC . According to biographical sources about Plato , the philosopher as a young man was deeply in love with Archeanassa and addressed a four - line epigram to her .
Lise Bissonnette , OQ ( born December 13 , 1945 ) is a Canadian writer and journalist .
David Dortort ( October 23 , 1916 -- September 5 , 2010 ) , was a Hollywood screenwriter and producer , widely known for his role as producer in two successful NBC television series :
Jeremy Laing is fashion designer based in Toronto , Canada who launched his eponymous brand in 2005 .
Waldo Colburn ( November 13 , 1824 -- September 26 , 1885 ) was an American lawyer , jurist and politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Alexei Sultanov ( Russian : Алексей Султанов ; August 7 , 1969 -- June 30 , 2005 ) was a Russian classical pianist of Uzbek origin .
Norman Jaques ( June 29 , 1880 -- January 31 , 1949 ) was a farmer and a Canadian federal politician who represented the electoral district of Wetaskiwin in the Canadian House of Commons from 1935 to 1949 .
Winston Miller ( June 22 , 1910 -- June 21 , 1994 ) was an American screenwriter , film producer and actor .
He Min ( Chinese : 何敏 , born August 16 , 1992 ) is a Chinese diver who specialises in the 1 metre springboard event .
Onufriy Stepanov ( Russian : Онуфрий Степанов ) ( died June 30 , 1658 ) was a Siberian Cossack and explorer of the Amur River .
Delaney Gibson is an American singer - songwriter who has recorded three solo albums , The Worst Kind of Way , Hurricanes and Forget Me Nots and Tall Like the Tree .
Jonathan Cherry is a Canadian actor known for playing Rory Peters in Final Destination 2 ( 2003 ) and also had a lead role in the video game film adaptation House of the Dead .
Carnie Wilson ( born April 29 , 1968 ) is an American singer and television host , perhaps best known as a member of the pop music group Wilson Phillips .
Louis Philippe Demers ( September 16 , 1863 -- November 3 , 1951 ) was a Canadian lawyer , professor , and politician .
Regna Darnell is a Canadian anthropologist known for her linguistic anthropological fieldwork with the Plains Cree of northern Alberta and with southwestern Ontario First Nations peoples as well as for her scholarship on the history of anthropology .
Georgi Georgiev - Gogo ( Bulgarian : Георги Георгиев-Гого ) ( born November 5 , 1971 ) is a Bulgarian actor .
William J. Mann is an American novelist , biographer , and Hollywood historian best known for his studies of Hollywood and the American film industry , especially his 2006 biography of Katharine Hepburn , Kate :
Rubén Rada ( born 17 July 1943 ) ; moniker `` El Negro Rada '' ) is an Afro - Uruguayan percussionist , composer and singer .
Meng Xuenong ( simplified Chinese : 孟学农 ; traditional Chinese : 孟學農 ; pinyin : Mèng Xuénóng ; born August 1949 ) is a Chinese politician .
Larry Fuller is an American choreographer , theatre director , dancer , and actor .
James Kari is a linguist and Professor Emeritus with the Alaska Native Language Center at the University of Alaska Fairbanks ( UAF ) specializing in the Dene or Athabascan languages of Alaska .
Santana Garrett ( born May 22 , 1988 ) is an American model , professional wrestler and valet .
William Conant Church ( 1836 - -1917 ) was an American journalist and soldier .
Daniel Josefsson ( born October 15 , 1981 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing with AIK of the Swedish Elitserien ( SEL ) league , having signed from the Malmö Redhawks in 2012 .
George Stanfield Blake ( 1876 - -1940 ) was a British mineral and mining geologist , fluent in French , Italian , German and latterly his family understood Palestinian Arabic / Levantine Arabic , which aided his later survey work .
Brian Vollmer ( born June 30 , 1955 ) is the lead singer and only remaining original member of Canadian hard rock group Helix .
Gino Antonio ( Jack Badon in real life ) was a former Filipino actor .
Anders Lindström or Boba Fett as he is often called is a Swedish rock musician most known for being the organist and pianist of the Swedish rock band The Hellacopters and co founder and guitarist of The Diamond Dogs .
Howard Drossin ( born October 2 , 1970 ) is an American composer for film and video games .
Pasi Kinturi is a retired Finnish association football player who played professionally in the USL A - League .
Ronald E. Neumann ( born 1945 ) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Afghanistan ( 2005 - -2007 ) , Bahrain ( 2001 - -2004 ) and Algeria ( 1994 - -1997 ) .
Matthew Ziff ( born March 24 , 1991 , Englewood , New Jersey ) is an American actor and producer .
János Terbócs or Terbocs ( Slovene : Janoš Terboč , or Ivan Terboč ) was a Slovene Lutheran priest , dean and writer in the 17th century in the Slovene Circumscription ( Kingdom of Hungary ) .
Thomas Wanker , also known as Thomas Wander , is a film and television series composer .
Tae Jin - ah ( Hangul : 태진아 ; born on April 5 , 1953 ) is the stage name of South Korean veteran trot singer Jo Bang - hun ( Cho Bang - hun ) .
Nóra Görbe ( born September 3 , 1956 ) is a Hungarian pop singer and actress .
Lamjavyn Gündalai ( Mongolian : Ламжавын Гүндалай ) is a Mongolian politician .
Ahmad Reza Asghari , ( also spelled Hamid Reza Eshagi , and also known as Moshen Randjbaran ) , was an Iranian diplomat accused of organizing terrorist acts in Argentina .
Matthias Dahms ( born October 17 , 1961 ) is a German virtuoso vibraphone and marimba soloist , percussionist and composer .
Anna Funder trained as an international and human rights lawyer , interests which she continues to pursue in her professional and public life as a writer .
Aonghus Fionn Ó Dálaigh ( known as `` The Pious '' ) , was an Irish poet , fl .
Aslıhan Koruyan Sabancı , née Dilek Aslıhan Koruyan ( born c. 1972 ) , is a Turkish chef and author , who specializes in healthy and creative recipes .
Billy Lawrence ( born May 3 , 1972 , in Boca Raton , FL ) is an American R&B / soul singer - songwriter , record producer and arranger .
The founder , Anine Bing , is also a blogger as well as a former model and singer .
J .- Eugène Bissonnette ( March 4 , 1892 -- September 13 , 1980 ) was a Quebec - born politician and physician .
Hannibal Buress ( born February 4 , 1983 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor , and television writer .
Jan Paweł Nowacki ( 25 June 1905 Berlin -- 23 May 1979 Warsaw ) was an engineer .
Jason Marcy is a cartoonist living in Hamilton , Ontario who works primarily in the field of autobiographical comics .
Paul O. Williams ( January 17 , 1935 -- June 2 , 2009 ) was an American science fiction writer and haiku poet .
Marc Copland ( born May 27 , 1948 , as Marc Cohen ) is an American jazz pianist and composer .
John Bleifer , also known as John Melvin Bleifer , was an American actor whose career began at the very tail end of the silent film era , and lasted all the way through the mid-1980s .
Thomas Pinckney ( October 23 , 1750 -- November 2 , 1828 ) was an early American statesman , diplomat and veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 .
Dr Guy Dutson is a British - born veterinarian , ornithologist and a leader of birding tours , who is a world authority on the birds of the south - west Pacific region .
Jory Nash is a folk music - oriented Canadian singer - songwriter and musician .
William John Gies ( February 21 , 1872 -- May 20 , 1956 ) was a US biochemist and dentist .
Nydia Caro ( born June 7 , 1948 ) is a Puerto Rican singer born in Puerto Rico 's community in New York City .
Vaibhav Kaul ( born 1991 ) is a Himalayan photographer , painter , geographer and environmental scholar .
Frank Hudec was a drummer who was part of the Stan Seltzer Trio .
Hobart Henley ( born Hess Manassah Henle , November 23 , 1887 - May 22 , 1964 ) was an American silent film actor , director , and screenwriter .
Ra Vincent is a New Zealand set decorator and art director who was nominated at the 85th Academy Awards for Best Production Design for his work on The Hobbit :
Andrew Quinn ( born 25 May 1983 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner - forward for the Clare senior hurling team .
Ralph Helmick ( born 1952 ) is an American sculptor and public artist .
John Donowell was a little - known , eighteenth - century British architect and engraver , most notable for his architectural work at West Wycombe Park in Buckinghamshire , where he appears to have been influenced by the works of Colen Campbell .
Ciro Díaz is composer , lead guitarist of the band Porno para Ricardo , and leader of the alternative rock band La Babosa Azul .
Xavier De Cuyper is a Belgian agricultural engineer and civil servant .
Simon Wilde ( born 1960 ) is an English cricket journalist and author .
Carol Cassella is a bestselling novelist and practicing anesthesiologist at the Surgery Center of Silverdale and Virginia Mason Medical Center in Seattle .
José Vicente Ferrer de Otero y Cintrón ( January 8 , 1912 -- January 26 , 1992 ) , best known as José Ferrer , was a Puerto Rican actor , theatre and film director .
Pedro Nunes Tinoco ( died February 8 , 1641 ) was a Portuguese architect who worked in what George Kubler described as the ' Plain Style ' , and is known also as the patriarch of a number of a family of notable Portuguese architects .
David Aaron Baker ( born August 14 , 1963 ) is an American actor whose credits stretch across theater , film , and television .
Pedro Carneiro is a Portuguese solo classical percussionist , marimba player , composer , and conductor .
Andriy Yahodka ( Ukrainian : Андрiй Ягодка ; born 6 July 1988 ) is a Ukrainian sabre fencer , bronze medal in the 2012 European Fencing Championships and team silver medal in the 2009 European Fencing Championships .
Lucien Campeau ( June 20 , 1927 -- March 15 , 2010 ) was a Canadian cardiologist .
Joseph Arvay , QC ( born March 18 , 1949 ) is a Canadian lawyer who has argued numerous landmark cases involving civil liberties and constitutional rights .
Dr Penelope Diane Olsen is an Australian ornithologist and author .
Moses Macdonald ( April 8 , 1815 -- October 18 , 1869 ) was an American attorney and Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Maine .
Scott Jacobs is an American painter known for his photorealistic work of Harley - Davidson motorcycles .
Isaac Don Levine ( January 19 , 1892 -- February 15 , 1981 ) was a Russian - born American journalist and writer .
Ichthyas ( Greek : Ἰχθύας ; fl . 4th - century BCE ) , the son of Metallus , was a Greek philosopher and a disciple and successor of Euclid of Megara in the Megarian school .
Julie Markes is an American children 's book writer .
George Washington Warren ( October 1 , 1813 -- May 13 , 1883 ) was a Massachusetts attorney , jurist , and politician who served as the first mayor of Charlestown , Massachusetts .
Ann Rosener ( November 25 , 1914 -- May 19 , 2012 ) was an American photojournalist who is remembered for her photographs of home front activities for the Farm Security Administration in 1942 - -43 .
Kat Parsons is an American pop singer - songwriter , pianist and guitarist .
Lewis Hodous ( simplified Chinese : 何乐益 ; traditional Chinese : 何樂益 ; Pinyin : Hé Lèyì ; Foochow Romanized : Hò̤ Lŏk - ék ; December 31 , 1872 -- August 9 , 1949 ) was an American Board missionary to China , educator , Sinologist and Buddhologist .
Frank Caeti ( born August 11 , 1973 ) is an American actor and comedian known for his time as a cast member on the FOX sketch - series MADtv from 2005 to 2007 .
Jenny Hiloudaki ( Greek : Τζένη Χειλουδάκη ) ( born February 21 , 1968 ) is a transsexual Greek former model and brothel keeper who regularly attracted the attention of the Greek media .
Phil Williamson ( born May 29 , 1965 ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States who competed for Antigua and Barbuda in the Davis Cup .
Lenny Welch ( born Leon Welch , May 31 , 1938 ) , is an American MOR / pop singer .
Eileen Barton ( November 24 , 1924 -- June 27 , 2006 ) was an American singer best known for her 1950 hit song , `` If I Knew You Were Comin ' I 'd 've Baked a Cake . ''
Joan Oates , FBA ( née Lines ) is an American archaeologist and academic , specialising in the Ancient Near East .
Edward Kofler ( November 16 , 1911 -- April 22 , 2007 ) was a mathematician who made important contributions to game theory and fuzzy logic by working out the theory of linear partial information .
Bruno Landry is a Québécois comedian and humorist .
Louis Mellis is a Scottish actor and screenwriter .
Satya Sarkar was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam .
Morris Mike Medavoy ( born January 21 , 1941 ) is an American film producer and executive , co - founder of Orion Pictures ( 1978 ) , former chairman of TriStar Pictures , former head of production for United Artists ( 1974 - -1978 ) and current chairman and CEO of Phoenix Pictures .
Junko Itō is a Japanese - born American linguist .
Charlotte Anne Eaton ( 1788 - -1859 ) , surname before marriage Waldie , was an English travel writer , memoirist and novelist .
Xie Sun ( Hsieh Sun , traditional : 謝蓀 , simplified : 谢荪 ) ; was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - -1912 AD ) , one of the Eight Masters of Nanjing .
Roberto Azank is an artist of the late 20th century and early 21st century , known primarily for his work as a still life painter .
Liang Shih - chiu ( January 6 , 1903 -- November 3 , 1987 ) , also romanized as Liang Shiqiu , and also known as Liang Chih - Hwa(梁治華 ) , was a renowned educator , writer , translator , literary theorist and lexicographer .
Biswamohan Pani is a former design engineer at Intel .
Thomas Morrow Reavley ( born June 21 , 1921 ) is a senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit .
Robert Bertelli , better known as Bob Bert , is an American rock drummer .
Peter Corp Dyrendal is a Thai - Danish singer , recording artist and model , who has had one acting role on Thai television ( as a character who is a kayak instructor of Thai / New Zealand descent ) .
Garett Bischoff ( born April 20 , 1986 ) is an American professional wrestler and a former referee .
James Lipton ( born September 19 , 1926 ) is an American writer , lyricist , actor and dean emeritus of the Actors Studio Drama School at Pace University in New York City .
Eric M. Genden is an American otolaryngologist with the distinction of being the first surgeon to perform a jaw transplant in the United States .
Martin Brain was a British racing driver known for his exploits in British hillclimbs and club racing .
John H. Stracey ( born September 22 , 1950 in Bethnal Green , England ) is a former professional boxer who was world Welterweight champion .
Before emigration , Alfred Waud had entered the Government School of Design at Somerset House , London , with the intention of becoming a marine painter .
Robert Whiting ( born October 24 , 1942 ) is a best - selling author and journalist who has written several successful books on contemporary Japanese culture - which include topics such as baseball and American gangsters operating in Japan .
David Sington is a British - born producer , screenwriter , director , author and journalist .
Jerzy Kowalewski ( born 6 May 1944 ) is a retired Polish diver .
Sandra Crouch ( born July 1 , 1942 ) is an American Gospel music performer , drummer and songwriter .
John Preston Buchanan ( January 30 , 1888 -- September 15 , 1937 ) was an American politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate , representing the state 's 1st district .
Fiona Samuel ( born 1961 ) is a New Zealand writer , actor and director who was born in Scotland .
Christopher Uriarte ( born 1977 ) is an American computer scientist and entrepreneur employed by the London - based fraud prevention and payment processing company , Retail Decisions .
Ben Sollee ( born November 28 , 1983 ) is an American cellist , singer - songwriter , and composer known for his political activism .
Muhammad Ali Luqman was a Yemeni lawyer , writer and journalist .
Erik Guldentops ( born ca . 1941 ) is a Belgian computer scientist and management consultant , who was systems engineer at SWIFT and Executive Professor at Antwerp Management School , known for his work on IT governance .
J. Edward Day ( October 11 , 1914 -- October 29 , 1996 ) was an American lawyer and business executive , most widely known as the United States Postmaster General under whose leadership the ZIP code was introduced .
Thomas Jonathan Burrill ( April 25 , 1839 -- April 14 , 1916 ) was an American botanist and plant pathologist who first discovered bacterial causes for plant disease .
Jayne Cortez ( May 10 , 1934 -- December 28 , 2012 ) was an African - American poet , activist , small press publisher and spoken - word performance artist whose voice is celebrated for its political , surrealistic and dynamic innovations in lyricism and visceral sound .
Andoni Lafuente Olaguibel ( born September 6 , 1985 in Guernica , Basque Country ) is a Spanish professional road and track bicycle racer .
Mohammad Kaykobad ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ কায়কোবাদ ) is a computer scientist , educator , author , and columnist from Bangladesh .
Saul Hertz , M.D. ( April 20 , 1905 -- July 28 , 1950 ) was an American physician who discovered the use of radioactive iodine for the treatment of thyroid disease .
Anhayla Rene Stanley ( born May 24 , 1988 ) , better known by her stage name Anhayla ( /ˈɑːnˈheɪlɑː/ ahn - HAY - lah ) , is an American singer , songwriter , and guitarist .
Lila Azam Zanganeh is a writer raised in Paris , France , by exiled Iranian parents .
Altus Theart is a South African film , stage and television actor , best known for his roles in the South African soap opera Kruispad , and for his starring role in the 2008 Afrikaans teen comedy Bakgat .
Brenda Ueland ( October 24 , 1891 -- March 5 , 1985 ) was a journalist , editor , freelance writer , and teacher of writing .
Rory Calhoun ( August 8 , 1922 -- April 28 , 1999 ) was an American television and film actor , screenwriter , and producer .
Howell Appling , Jr. ( September 5 , 1919 -- October 16 , 2002 ) was an American Republican politician and businessman in the U.S. state of Oregon
Shekhar Joshi ( born September , 1939 ) is a Hindi author , who is also known for his insight into the culture , traditions and lifestyles of people of Uttarakhand .
Michelle Zonato Nicolini or Michelle Nicolini ( born January 5 , 1982 ) is a Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist .
Lam Hin Chung ( Chinese : 林衍聰 ; Jyutping : lam4 hin2 cung1 ) is a Hong Kong fencer .
Daniel Alexander Cameron ( December 10 , 1870 -- September 4 , 1937 ) was a Canadian politician from the province of Nova Scotia .
William Bender ( May 30 , 1930 -- May 4 , 2014 ) was an American music critic who reviewed for the American Record Guide .
John J. McNeill ( September 2 , 1925 -- September 22 , 2015 ) was ordained as a Jesuit priest in 1959 and subsequently worked as a psychotherapist and an academic theologian , with a particular reputation within the field of Queer Theology .
George Roscoe Davis was a Washington , DC lawyer .
Mohd Zabri Abdul Hamid was a police officer most remembered as a member of the deep 69 Commandos of the Pasukan Gerakan Khas .
István Szabó ( born February 18 , 1938 ) is a Hungarian film director , screenwriter , and opera director .
Rex Weyler ( born September 10 , 1947 ) is an American / Canadian author , journalist and ecologist .
Diane Keaton ( born Diane Hall ; January 5 , 1946 ) is an American film actress , director , producer and screenwriter .
Laurence Gronlund ( 1846 - 1899 ) was a Danish - born American lawyer , writer , lecturer , and political activist .
Zoriah Miller ( born January 27 , 1976 ) , or simply Zoriah , is an American photojournalist and war photographer .
John Alan Glennon ( born September 24 , 1970 ) is an American geographer and explorer .
Dieter Enders ( born 1946 ) is an organic chemist who has done work developing asymmetric synthesis , in particular using modified prolines as asymmetric auxiliaries .
Millie Kirkham ( born Mildred Eakes ; June 24 , 1923 -- December 14 , 2014 ) was an American singer who was featured on many classic hit recordings from the mid-1950s through the 1980s .
Ariana Grande - Butera ( born June 26 , 1993 ) , known professionally as Ariana Grande ( /ˌɑːriːˈɑːnə ˈɡrɑːndeɪ/ ) , is an American singer and actress .
Chris Landreth ( born August 4 , 1961 ) is an American animator working in Canada , best known for his work on the 2004 film , Ryan .
Marsha M. Linehan ( born May 5 , 1943 ) is an American psychologist and author .
Bernt Berntsen ( Chinese : 賁德新 , January 1 , 1863 -- October 16 , 1933 ) , also known as Brother B. Berntsen , was a Norwegian - American Protestant Christian missionary to China .
Eric Bercovici ( February 27 , 1933 -- February 9 , 2014 ) was an American television / film producer and screenwriter .
Zeynel Doğan ( pronounced ( zejnel doɣɑn ) ) , Kurdish actor and film director .
Esteban Mellino ( March 13 , 1945 -- June 9 , 2008 ) was an Argentine actor best known for portraying the comical character Professor Diogenes Lambetain in the television series Badia y Cia , Fashion VIP and El humor de Cafe Fashion .
Farrell Dobbs ( July 25 , 1907 -- October 31 , 1983 ) was an American Trotskyist , trade unionist , politician , and historian .
John C. Mongan ( born April 17 , 1925 ) is an American politician who was the 42nd and 44th mayor of Manchester , New Hampshire , first from 1962 until 1963 and again from 1968 until 1969 .
S. S. Rajamouli ( born Koduri Srisaila Sri Rajamouli ) is an Indian film director , and screenwriter known for his works mainly in Telugu cinema .
Christopher Robillard Mordetzky ( born January 8 , 1983 ) is an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Chris Masters .
Carlota Alfaro ( born June 4 , 1933 ) is a high fashion designer from Puerto Rico .
Esther Allan ( née Boyarsky ; April 28 , 1914 -- July 21 , 1985 ) was an American composer , pianist and organist .
Ayodele Basel , better known as Del B , is a Nigerian sound engineer , record producer and songwriter .
Paul Hitch Roney ( September 5 , 1921 -- September 16 , 2006 ) was a United States federal judge .
Charles Carroll Wood DSO CD ( b. c.1874-d . 1899 ) was a Canadian army officer , a lieutenant who was notable as the first Canadian to die in the Second Boer War in South Africa .
Saul Friedman ( March 4 , 1929 -- December 24 , 2010 ) was an American political journalist and educator .
Andriy Kyforenko ( Ukrainian : Андрій Кифоренко or Andrei Kiforenko from Russian : Андрей Кифоренко , born September 7 , 1980 ) is a Ukrainian former competitive figure skater .
In an interview given in 1894 Price - Williams said he began his career with ' the eminent engineer George Heald who was responsible for the construction of so many of the great British railways ' .
Cecil Bransky ( born 25 May 1942 ) is a former lawn and indoor bowler .
Raffaele Franceschi ( born 18 May 1960 ) is an Italian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1983 European Aquatics Championships .
Autumn de Forest ( born October 27 , 2001 ) is an American painter from Las Vegas , Nevada .
David Nadien ( Armenian Դավիթ Նադյան ) ( March 12 , 1926 -- May 28 , 2014 ) was an American violinist and violin teacher .
According to some ancient authorities , Stasinus ( Greek : Στασῖνος ) of Cyprus , a semi - legendary early Greek poet , was the author of the Cypria , in eleven books , one of the poems belonging to the Epic Cycle that narrated the War of Troy .
Abraham Cooper RA ( 1787 - -1868 ) , was an English animal and battle painter .
Ardele Lister is an artist working in time - based media .
Wahab Dosunmu ( died June 9 , 2013 ) was a Nigerian politician and a member of the Senate of Lagos State ( 1999 - -2003 ) .
Christian Renoux is a French historian and an activist for nonviolence .
Arousyak Papazian was originally a teacher .
Heber Manning Wells ( August 11 , 1859 -- March 12 , 1938 ) was an American politician and the first Governor of the State of Utah .
Ron Bain is a Scottish television actor , director , producer , comedian and former stage actor who now focuses primarily on directing .
Sir Bennet Soysa or Warusahennidige Abraham Bastian Bennet Soysa ( 30 March 1889 - 1981 ) was a Ceylonese politician and philanthropist .
Trevor Bentham ( born Oct 11 , 1943 ) is an English former stage manager and screenwriter .
Guillem Ramon de Gironella was a late thirteenth - century Catalan troubadour .
Louis Thiry ( born 1935 in Fléville - devant - Nancy ) , is a French organist , composer and pedagogue .
Croswell Bowen ( 1905 - -1971 ) was an American political reporter , activist journalist , and biographer who contributed extensively to newspapers and magazines in the 1940s and 1950s .
Annette Curtis Klause ( born June 20 , 1953 ) is an English - American writer and librarian , specializing in young adult fiction .
Matthew Edward Kimber ( born August 6 , 1977 ) , better known by his stage name Josh Martinez , is a Canadian rapper , record producer and record label executive .
Warren Babcock , Jr. ( September 15 , 1866 -- June 3 , 1913 ) was a Michigan politician and educator .
Nick Pollock is a Seattle - based guitarist , singer , and songwriter best known for his work with the grunge / metal band My Sister 's Machine .
Angelo Starr is an American singer , musician and record producer .
Karl Dominik ( Chinese name : Kaier , 凯洱 , pinyin : Kǎiěr , lit . `` Triumphant River '' , born March 2 , 1980 ) is a Western Chinese speaking actor based in China .
Frederick Robert Halsey Herbert Noyes was an Anglican priest in the last quarter of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th .
Zareh Kalfayan ( Born Constantinople , Ottoman Turkey 1887 - died 1939 ) was an Ottoman painter of Armenian descent .
Robert Ader ( February 20 , 1932 -- December 20 , 2011 ) was an American psychologist and academic who co - founded psychoneuroimmunology , a field of study which explores the links connecting the brain , behavior , and the immune system .
Donyale Luna ( August 31 , 1945 -- May 17 , 1979 ) was an American model and actress .
The Altamura Painter was a classical Greek vase painter .
Henry Margenau ( April 30 , 1901 -- February 8 , 1997 ) was a German - U.S. physicist , and philosopher of science .
Umesh Shukla is an Indian film director who directed the Indian drama film Oh My God .
Guillaume de Saint - André ( fl . 15th/16th centuries ) was the secretary and biographer of John IV of Brittany .
Marissa Paternoster is an artist , singer and guitarist active in New Jersey 's New Brunswick music scene .
Uma Shankar Bajpai ( died February 6 , 2005 ) was an Indian diplomat and a veteran journalist .
Uri Regev is a lawyer and rabbi of the Reform movement of Judaism in Israel , and an active civil rights and religious pluralism advocate .
Edward E. Hammer ( December 27 , 1931-July 16 , 2012 ) was an engineer who was at the forefront of fluorescent lighting research .
A'Me Lorain ( born Amy Trujillo on May 11 , 1967 in Simi Valley ) is an American singer who was the lead singer for The Family Affair .
Patti Dahlstrom is a widely respected singer / songwriter , recording artist and teacher .
Robert C. Pittman ( April 25 , 1922 -- October 27 , 1996 ) was a US Army Air Forces pilot , electrical engineer , and entrepreneur .
Emily Remler ( September 18 , 1957 -- May 4 , 1990 ) was an American jazz guitarist who rose to prominence in the 1980s .
Alexander A. Gurshtein ( born 1937 ) is a Russian astronomer and historian of science .
Alexandra Berková ( July 2 , 1949 -- June 16 , 2008 ) was a Czech writer and educator .
Arati Ankalikar - Tikekar ( born in Bijapur ) is an Indian classical singer .
Nelson Cavaquinho ( October 29 , 1911 -- February 18 , 1986 , birth name Nelson Antônio da Silva ) was one of the most important singer / composers of samba .
Dessie Hughes was an Irish racehorse trainer and jockey .
Neil Howe ( born October 21 , 1951 ) is an American historian , economist , and demographer .
Gerhard Gruber ( born May 6 , 1951 in Aigen i m Mühlkreis ) is an Austrian composer and piano player .
Robert McWade ( January 25 , 1872 -- January 19 , 1938 ) , was an American stage and film actor .
James L. White ( March 26 , 1936 -- July 13 , 1981 ) was an American poet , editor and teacher .
Janet Flanner ( March 13 , 1892 -- November 7 , 1978 ) was an American writer and journalist who served as the Paris correspondent of The New Yorker magazine from 1925 until she retired in 1975 .
Alexander Stepanovich Yakovlev ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Степа́нович Я́ковлев ) ( November 23 , 1886 -- November 4 , 1953 ) was a Russian / Soviet writer .
Peggy Little ( born 1942 ) is an American country music singer best remembered for her country cover version of Dusty Springfield 's `` Son of a Preacher Man '' Little was born in Marlin , Texas and raised in Waco , Texas .
Bao Junhui ( Chinese : 鮑君徽 ; fl . 798 ) was a late eighth - century Chinese poet .
Nancy F. Cott ( born November 8 , 1945 ) is an American historian and professor who has taught at Yale and Harvard universities , and has mainly specialized in gender topics in the US in the 19th and 20th centuries .
Babette Mangolte is a French - American cinematographer and film director .
Isaac Israel Hayes ( March 5 , 1832 -- December 17 , 1881 ) was an Arctic explorer , physician and politician .
Anna Border Sheppard ( born December 22 , 1952 ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 9 since her appointment by West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin June 21 , 2011 to fill the vacancy caused by the death of her husband , Representative Larry Border .
Paul Sabu ( born January 2 , 1960 ) is an American singer , songwriter , producer , and guitarist .
Peter Bussian is an independent filmmaker , photographer and visual media consultant who is known mainly for his work with refugees and other international development issues .
Augustus Washington ( 1820/1821 - June 7 , 1875 ) was an African - American photographer and daguerreotypist , who later in his career emigrated to Liberia .
Robert X. Cringely is the pen name of both technology journalist Mark Stephens and a string of writers for a column in InfoWorld , the one - time weekly computer trade newspaper published by IDG .
Vincenzo Mazza ( c 1748 - -1790 ) was an Italian painter and scenic designer for theaters , mainly in his native Bologna .
Henry Ulke ( January 29 , 1821 -- February 17 , 1910 ) was an American photographer and portrait painter .
Lars Ljungqvist ( born May 12 , 1959 ) is a Swedish economist probably best known as the author of Recursive Macroeconomic Theory , a standard graduate level textbook of modern macroeconomics , with Thomas J. Sargent .
Larry Mowry ( born October 20 , 1936 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and Senior PGA Tour ( now known as the Champions Tour ) .
Herbert Hice Whetzel ( September 5 , 1877 -- November 30 , 1944 ) was an American mycologist and plant pathologist .
Joseph Pancoast ( November 23 , 1805 -- March 6 , 1882 ) was a renowned American surgeon .
Of Waterston 's exhibition Last Days , Regina Hackett wrote : `` If there 's a more imitated painter in America than Darren Waterston , I ca n't imagine who it would be .
Maulana Obaidullah Khan Azmi is an Indian Sunni Islamic Scholar and politician from Nationalist Congress Party .
Lucy Elizabeth Bather ( 1836 - -1864 ) , was an English writer for children , known as `` Aunt Elizabeth . ''
Francis Bret Harte ( August 25 , 1836 -- May 5 , 1902 ) was an American author and poet , best remembered for his short fiction featuring miners , gamblers , and other romantic figures of the California Gold Rush .
Colm Ó Maonlaí ( born 11 December 1966 ) is an Irish actor and musician who is best known for his portrayal of Sean Flynn in the film A Place to Stay .
Slaughter Joe aka Joe Foster ( born Joseph James Foster Ruiz ) is an English musical artist , record producer , historian , and an actor .
James Merritt Ives ( March 5 , 1824 -- January 3 , 1895 ) was an American lithographer , bookkeeper , and businessman .
Joseph Crespino ( born January 10 , 1972 ) is a political historian of the 20th Century United States , specializing in the history of the American South and of modern conservatism .
Travis Kauffman ( born August 21 , 1985 ) is an American heavyweight boxer nicknamed `` My Time . ''
R. Sakkarapani is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Oddanchatram Constituency .
Sergey Kazakov ( born July 8 , 1976 ) is a Russian amateur boxer best known to win the World Championships 2003 and European Championships 1998 , 2002 and 2004 in the Men 's Light Flyweight .
Dave McCaig ( born December 6 , 1971 in Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is a Canadian artist and colourist who also works in the animation industry .
Annie Laurie Gaylor ( born November 2 , 1955 ) is a co - founder of -- and , with her husband Dan Barker , a current co - president of -- the Freedom From Religion Foundation .
Kevin Hofbauer is an Australian actor known for his role as Constable Christian Tapu in the Australian police drama series Rush .
John Ingle ( May 7 , 1928 -- September 16 , 2012 ) was an American actor best known for his role as scheming patriarch Edward Quartermaine in the ABC soap opera General Hospital .
Doug Swingley ( born May 14 , 1953 ) is an American dog musher and dog sled racer who lives in Lincoln , Montana , who is a four - time winner of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race across Alaska .
Klariza Clayton ( born 9 March 1989 ) is a British actress and singer known for her roles in television shows including Dani 's House , Skins , and House of Anubis .
Eric Lange ( born February 19 , 1973 ) is an American television and movie actor , best known for his roles as Erwin Sikowitz , an acting teacher from the television show Victorious , as Stuart Radzinsky on the ABC television series Lost , and as David Tate / Kenneth Hasting on FX 's The Bridge .
Isaac Leeser ( December 12 , 1806 -- February 1 , 1868 ) was an American , Ashkenazi Jewish lay minister of religion , author , translator , editor , and publisher ; pioneer of the Jewish pulpit in the United States , and founder of the Jewish press of America .
Michael Witney ( born Whitney Michael Armstrong November 21 , 1931 -- November 30 , 1983 ) was an American film and television actor .
Robert N. Bradbury ( March 23 , 1886 -- November 24 , 1949 ) was an American film director and screenwriter who directed 125 movies between 1918 and 1941 .
Reed Pierce ( born on April 24 , 1963 , Jackson , Mississippi ) is an American professional pool player .
Karabo Modise ( born July 20 , 1988 in Botswana ) is a Botswana cricketer and currently plays for the Botswana national cricket team .
Jessie Bernard was a prolific writer , having published 15 sole - authored books , 9 co - authored books , over 75 journal articles , and over 40 book chapters .
Nicolas Mesnager ( or Le Mesnager or Ménager ) ( 1658 - -1714 ) was a French diplomat .
Barry McGuire ( born October 15 , 1935 ) is an American singer - songwriter best known for the hit song `` Eve of Destruction '' , and later as a pioneering singer and songwriter of contemporary Christian music .
John Vaillant is an American writer and journalist whose work has appeared in The New Yorker , The Atlantic , National Geographic , and Outside .
Tommy Rainone ( born January 8 , 1980 in Rockville Centre , Long Island , New York ) is an American welterweight boxer nicknamed ' The Razor ' .
Father Albert Braun OFM ( September 5 , 1889 -- March 6 , 1983 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and teacher in the Southwest and the Pacific United States .
Yarden Gerbi ( Hebrew : ירדן ג'רבי‎ , born July 8 , 1989 ) is an Israeli judoka world champion .
Hans Feurer ( born Hanspeter Feurer , 1939 ) is a Swiss fashion photographer .
George Kapetan is an American actor who is earning a growing cult status in film .
Lino Tonti ( September 16 , 1920 -- June 8 , 2002 ) was an Italian motorcycle engineer known for designing a number of sport and racing motorcycles in the 1950s and 1960s , and for creating his signature ' Tonti frame ' for Moto Guzzi 's 1967 V7 Sport , setting his stamp on all Moto Guzzis since .
RAS-1 ( Richard Arthur Smith ) is a musician ( guitarist / singer ) who was in the band Long Beach Shortbus with former Sublime bassist Eric Wilson and Willard `` trey '' Pangborn of Falling Idols , along with drummer Damien Ramirez .
Jon Cowan is an American television producer and writer , best known for his work on television shows Crossing Jordan and Private Practice .
Quincey Daniels ( born August 4 , 1941 in San Diego , California ) is an American former welterweight boxer .
Uma Ramanan ( Tamil : உமா ரமணன் ) is an Indian playback singer , singing predominantly in Tamil .
Heinz Dürr is a German entrepreneur and a major shareholder in the Stuttgart - based engineering firm Dürr AG , founded by his grandfather in 1895 .
Hilary Weaver ( born May 2 , 1991 ) is a singer - songwriter born in Toronto .
Ludwig Elsholtz ( 1805 - 1850 ) , a German painter of genre subjects and battles , born at Berlin , studied in the Academy of his native city , and afterwards in the studio of Franz Krüger , the painter of horses .
Daniel Lencina - Ribes ( born February 5 , 1977 ) is a retired professional tennis player who is born in Alicante , Spain After marrying a Lithuanian tennis player Gabrielė Masiliūnaitė ( now Gabrielė Lencina ) he got by presidential decree , from president Paksas , the Lithuanian nationality .
Elizabeth Warlock is a noted magician and author and the daughter of the stage magician Peter Warlock .
Laurens Perseus Hickok ( December 20 , 1798 -- May 7 , 1888 ) , American philosopher and divine , was born at Bethel , Connecticut .
Benjamin C. S. Boyle ( born September 1 , 1979 in Monterey , California ) is an American composer , pianist , and music theorist .
Stephany Smith ( born August 10 , 1965 ) was the head women 's basketball coach at the University of Alabama from 2005 to 2008 and at Middle Tennessee State University from 1997 to 2005 .
Khalif Diouf , known by his stage name Le1f ( /liːf/ ) , is an American rapper and producer from New York City .
Richard Henry Major ( October 3 , 1818 -- June 25 , 1891 ) was a geographer and map librarian who curated the map collection of the British Museum from 1844 until his retirement in 1880 .
Helio Orovio `` The most important ( Cuban ) musician of the ( 19th ) century was Manuel Saumell Robredo '' The scores of Saumell 's Contradanzas for piano are available at Cuatro 40 Ediciones in printed form or downloadable PDF .
Klaus H. Hofmann ( February 21 , 1911 -- December 25 , 1995 ) was an American chemist and medical researcher .
Geoffrey Arend ( born February 28 , 1978 ) is an American film , television , voice and theater actor .
Mario Palanti ( September 20 , 1885 -- September 4 , 1978 ) was an Italian architect who designed important buildings in the capital cities of both Argentina and Uruguay .
Andy Bumatai is a Hawaiian - based comedian and actor .
Rafael Calventi Gaviño ( born in March 18 , 1932 , La Vega , Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican architect and diplomat .
Although Lamachus was known for his courage and military skill , he was sometimes thought less qualified than other generals because he lacked the necessary wealth and social position .
Kwon Jin - ah ( Hangul : 권진아 ; born July 18 , 1997 ) is a South Korean singer and guitarist .
Antoine Vialon ( 1814 -- 4 March 1866 ) was a French draftsman and engraver who became music editor and composer of vocal music later in his life .
Onur Şipal ( born March 17 , 1989 ) is a Turkish amateur boxer best known to qualify for the 2008 Olympics .
Joey Murphy is screenwriter and television producer , currently working as executive producer for Desperate Housewives .
Edwin Nanau Sitori , also known as Eddie Sitori ( born in the mid-1930s in Onepusu , Malaita ) , is a Solomon Islands former amateur composer and singer , best known for composing the country 's unofficial `` national song '' , `` Walkabout long Chinatown '' .
C. Sue Carter is a biologist and behavioral neurobiologist .
Abū al‐ʿUqūl Muḥammad ibn Aḥmad al‐Ṭabarī ( flourished in Yemen during the 14th century ) was a leading astronomer in Ta'izz and the first teacher of astronomy at the Muʾayyadiyya Madrasa .
Daniel Templon is a French contemporary art dealer born in 1945 .
Akira Mitake ( 見岳 章 ; born November 11 , 1956 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese composer .
Sze Yu ( born 30 September 1962 ) is a Chinese - born Australian actor , television presenter and retired badminton player .
Jack Monroe ( born 1988 , Southend - on - Sea ) is a writer , journalist and activist .
Li Zhuhao ( born January 9 , 1999 in Wenzhou , Zhejiang ) is a Chinese competitive swimmer , specializing in butterfly .
Abraham Gabriel ( 16th to 17th - century ) was a Palestinian rabbi of probable Italian origin who lived at Safed .
Ralph Haver was an architect working in metropolitan Phoenix , Arizona , USA from 1945 until the early 1980s .
Harry Mark Petrakis ( pronounced /ˌpɛˈtreɪkɪs/ , pe - TRAY - kis ) ( born June 5 , 1923 ) is an American novelist and writer of short stories .
Robert Brubaker ( October 9 , 1916 -- April 15 , 2010 ) was an American character actor best known for his roles in television and movie westerns , including as Gunsmoke and 40 Guns to Apache Pass .
Dieter Vollhardt ( born September 8 , 1951 ) is a German physicist and Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Augsburg .
Jan Brett ( born December 1 , 1949 ) is an American illustrator and writer of children 's picture books .
Mark Romero ( born July 21 , 1963 ) is a retired American second generation professional wrestler better known by his ring name Mark Youngblood .
Morley Saunders ( c.1675 - 1737 ) was an Irish politician , barrister and landowner .
Lynne Duke ( July 29 , 1956 -- April 19 , 2013 ) was a prestigious journalist and author .
Erich Berneker ( February 3 , 1874 -- March 15 , 1937 ) was a German linguist , Slavicist and Balticist , follower of the Neogrammarian school .
Alastair Humphreys is an English adventurer , author and motivational speaker .
Fabio Mechetti is a Brazilian - born conductor .
Allyson Brown ( born 1984 or 1985 , sometimes credited as Allyson Ava - Brown ) is a British actress and singer .
Carolyn Denning ( May 30 , 1927 -- January 10 , 2016 ) was an American pediatrician whose research specialized in learning more about and treating cystic fibrosis .
Ger Maguire ( born 1973 ) is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who play as a full - forward for the Tipperary senior teams .
César Soto Esquivel ( born September 17 , 1971 ) is a retired Mexican professional boxer and is a former WBC featherweight champion .
Loni Sanders ( born January 12 , 1958 ) is an American former pornographic actress and adult model .
Patrick Vinton Kirch is an archaeologist who studies Oceanic and Polynesian prehistory .
Iulian Pop ( March 12 , 1880 - November 22 , 1923 ) was an Austro - Hungarian and Romanian lawyer and politician , who became the first Romanian mayor of Cluj on January 19 , 1919 , one year after Transylvania became part of the Romanian state .
Leo Ruickbie is an historian and sociologist of magic , witchcraft and Wicca .
Pacino or Pecino da Nova ( late 14th century ) was an Italian painter active in a late Gothic art style around Bergamo .
Daniel Hobbins is a Professor of History at The Ohio State University ( OSU ) and an American historian specializing in Medieval France .
Eric Hoffer ( July 25 , 1898 -- May 21 , 1983 ) was an American moral and social philosopher .
Nelson Doubleday ( June 16 , 1889 -- January 11 , 1949 ) was a U.S. book publisher and president of Doubleday Company from 1922 - 1946 .
Nathalie Daoust ( born March 31 , 1977 ) is a Canadian photographer and contemporary artist .
Kristy Gazes ( born October 28 , 1967 ) is a professional poker player originally from California .
Yoseph Imry ( Hebrew יוסף אמרי ) is an Israeli physicist .
Mary Youngblood ( born June 24 , 1958 in Kirkland , Washington ) is a Native American musician who plays the Native American flute .
Rafikjon Sultonov ( born February 19 , 1988 ) is an Uzbek amateur boxer who competed at the 2008 Olympics at junior flyweight but was edged out by French southpaw Nordine Oubaali 7:8 .
Rafael Martínez Nadal ( April 22 , 1877 -- July 6 , 1941 ) was a Puerto Rican politician , senator , journalist , and businessman .
Clelia Duel Mosher ( KLEEL - ya DUE - el MOE - sher ; December 16 , 1863 -- December 21 , 1940 ) was a physician , hygienist and women 's health advocate who disapproved of Victorian stereotypes about the physical incapacities of women .
Josette Normandeau or Josette D Normandeau is a Canadian television producer and martial artist .
Johann Baptist Martinelli or Giovanni Battista Martinelli ( February 1701 - June 21 , 1754 ) was an Austrian architect and constructor of Italian descent .
Miloš Okuka ( born August 2 , 1944 , Porije near Ulog ) is a Serbian linguist , Slavist , dialectologist and literature historian .
Adolph A. Hoehling , Jr. ( November 3 , 1868 -- February 17 , 1941 in Washington , D.C. ) was a United States federal judge .
The Brygos Painter was an ancient Greek Attic red - figure vase painter of the Late Archaic period .
Jayaprakash Sittampalam Tissainayagam ( known as J. S. Tissainayagam , Tamil : ஜெயப்பிரகாஷ் சிற்றம்பலம் திசைநாயகம் ) is a Sri Lankan journalist .
Charles Bailey Clarke ( October 3 , 1875 -- January 27 , 1944 ) was a Portland , Maine politician .
Nick Larkins is an Australian rock musician who has played with various Australian acts , and solo .
Arjun Kapikad is an Indian film actor who appears in Tulu films and Kannada films .
Gary Thieltges is an American cinematographer , owner of Doggicam Systems and best known for inventing camera rigs used on big - budget Hollywood films and television shows .
Aaron Lewis ( born April 13 , 1972 ) is an American musician , who is the lead vocalist , rhythm guitarist , and founding member of the rock group Staind , with whom he has released seven studio albums .
Alfred Neobard Palmer ( 1847 - -1915 ) was a chemist and local historian .
Richard Melancthon Hurd ( June 14 , 1865 -- June 6 , 1941 ) was a pioneer real estate economist and political activist .
Kim Saiki - Maloney ( born January 24 , 1966 ) is a Japanese - American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour from 1992 to 2007 .
William Henry Merrill ( December 29 , 1868 -- September 17 , 1923 ) was an American electrical engineer who founded Underwriters Laboratories in 1894 .
Lenny Krayzelburg ( born September 28 , 1975 , as Leonid Krayzelburg ; Ukrainian : Леонід Крайзельбург , Russian : Леонид Крайзельбург ) is an American former backstroke swimmer , and Olympic gold medalist and former world record holder .
Jeremy Hobson is a national radio journalist .
Nina Roth ( born July 21 , 1988 as Nina Spatola ) is an American curler from McFarland , Wisconsin .
Giuseppe Zeno ( born May 8 , 1976 ) is an Italian actor of cinema , theatre and television .
George K. Fraenkel ( July 27 , 1921 -- June 10 , 2009 ) was an American physical chemist , dean of Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and chairman of the chemistry department at Columbia University .
Barry Zorthian ( 1920 -- 2010 ) was an American diplomat , most notably press officer for 4 1⁄2 years during the Vietnam war , media executive and lobbyist .
Liza Brönner ( Liza Bronner ) is an Afrikaans singer and songwriter .
Doris Grau ( October 12 , 1924 -- December 30 , 1995 ) was an American script supervisor , actress , and voice artist from Brooklyn .
Vartan Pasha ( Armenian : Վարդան փաշա ) , ( Hovsep Vartanian or Osep Vartanian ) was an Ottoman Armenian statesman , author , and journalist of the 19th century , promoted to the rank of `` Pasha '' after three decades in the service of the state .
Eystein Husebye ( born 1937 ) is a Norwegian seismologist .
Antonio Contri ( before 1701 -- September 10 , 1731 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , mainly active in Ferrara .
Mike Porcel is an exiled Cuban born - American musician , guitarist , composer , orchestrator and song writer better associated with the Cuban musical movement of the 60s & 70s Nueva trova .
Theo Bleckmann is a jazz singer and new music composer , he was grammy nominated and received the ECHO award in 2010 .
Matty Dawson is an English rugby league player for St Helens in the European Super League .
George O. Petrie ( November 16 , 1912 -- November 16 , 1997 ) was an American radio and television actor .
Joshua Toole is a rugby league player who plays as a centre for Illawarra Cutters , a feeder team for St. George Illawarra Dragons .
Stephen Pohlig is an electrical engineer currently working at MIT Lincoln Laboratory .
Dr. Scott Sandford , is an astronomer and NASA space scientist .
Tapi Mra is a mountaineer from India and the first person from Arunachal Pradesh to scale Everest .
Vilhelm Bryde ( April 8 , 1888 -- April 24 , 1974 ) was a Swedish actor and art director .
Gudavalli Ramabrahmam was an Indian film director , screenwriter , and producer known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema .
Inisai Toga was a Fijian rugby league player who played for the St George Dragons in the 1970s .
Walter Neale ( fl . 1618 - -1639 ) was an English military officer and an explorer and colonial administrator in the territory of New England that later became New Hampshire .
Karl Stevens ( born November 21 , 1978 in Concord , Massachusetts ) is a graphic novelist and painter .
Vato Gonzalez ( born 6 June 1983 as Björn Franken ) is a Dutch record producer , songwriter , artist , DJ , who is signed to Levels Recordings / Ministry of Sound / Crowd Control / Spinnin ' Records .
James R. Pitts , known as Jim Pitts ( born January 1 , 1947 ) is an American state politician and lawyer who served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1993 to 2015 .
Eugenia Volodina ( Russian : Евгения Володина , born September 23 , 1984 ) is a Russian model .
Evgeny Messner ( Russian : Евгений Эдуардович Месснер , German : Eugen Messner ; 1891 - -1974 ) was a Russian professional soldier and military theorist .
Percival Goodman ( January 13 , 1904 -- October 11 , 1989 ) was an American urban theorist and architect who designed more than 50 synagogues between 1948 and 1983 .
Abraham Lincoln Marovitz ( August 10 , 1905 -- March 17 , 2001 ) was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois .
Alfredo `` El Salsero '' Escalera ( born March 21 , 1952 ) is a Puerto Rican also known as Alfredo Escalera who was a world champion boxer .
Harry Lucey ( November 13 , 1913 -- August 28 , 1984 ) was an American comic artist best known for his work in MLJ and Archie Comics .
Christopher Shane Sweet ( born on January 6 , 1986 ) is an American actor , perhaps best known for his role as Josh Stevenson , Robbie 's younger brother , on Nickelodeon series The Journey of Allen Strange .
Edna Barker ( born 1936 ) is a former English international cricketer , who played 15 Test matches for the England women 's cricket team between 1957/58 and 1968/69 .
Ollie E. Brown ( sometimes credited as simply Ollie Brown ) ( born April 20 , 1953 ) is an American drummer , percussionist , record producer , and high - school basketball coach .
Lee Chin Cheh ( Chinese : 李景杰 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jǐngjié ) is a Malaysian politician and the former Selangor state assemblyman of the Kajang seat .
Mike Mattison is an American musician and vocalist of the Grammy Award - winning rhythm and blues group , the Tedeschi Trucks Band , as well as lead vocalist and co - founder of the blues rock trio Scrapomatic .
Anthony Dirrell ( born October 14 , 1984 ) is an American professional boxer and former WBC super middleweight champion .
Anthony Buckie Leach is an American foil fencing coach and fencer .
Gruffudd ab Adda ( fl . mid 14th century ) was a Welsh language poet and musician .
Giulio Caporali ( Perugia , active 1540 ) was an Italian painter and architect of the Renaissance .
Zheela ( also spelled as Zhila and Zhilla , Persian : ‎ ژیلا , July 15 , 1943 -- June 28 , 2009 ) was an Afghan singer and actress .
Frank Bartleman ( December 14 , 1871 -- August 23 , 1936 ) was an American Pentecostal writer , evangelist and missionary .
Wu Pau - hsien ( Chinese : 吳保賢 ; born February 6 , 1980 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Gastón Arce Sejas ( December 25 , 1964 ) is a Bolivian performer , conductor , pedagogue and composer of contemporary music .
Piotra Sych ( Belarusian : Пятро Сыч or Пётра Сыч ) ( January 18 , 1912 - June 20 , 1963 ) , a Belarusian writer and journalist , born in Baturyna , Western Belarus , near Vileyka .
Sallie Chapman Gordon Law ( nicknamed Mother of the Confederacy ) ( 1805 - -1894 ) was the first recorded Confederate nurse in the American Civil War .
Rolf Deyhle ( 1938 - 2014 ) was a German property developer , art collector and film producer .
Franco Riccardi ( June 13 , 1905 -- May 24 , 1968 ) was one of the greatest Italian fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition .
Travis Mohr is a world record setting Paralympic swimmer and civil engineer .
Pamela Rambo is a colorist who has worked in the comics industry , perhaps best known for her work on Dark Horse Comics 's Star Wars series .
Felix Karasev or Felix Sutyrin was a KGB General and Soviet diplomat .
Elías Isaac Alippi was an Argentine actor , theatrical impresario , film director and theater director .
Anita Singhvi is an Indian classical singer .
Margaret Becker ( born July 17 , 1959 ) is an American Christian rock singer , guitarist , and songwriter .
Dave Gould ( March 11 , 1899 - June 3 , 1969 ) was a Hungarian - American choreographer and dance director .
Supoj Saenla ( born August 15 , 1980 ) is a former Thai professional snooker player who lives in Chiang Mai .
Rudolf Zahradník ( born October 20 , 1928 in Bratislava , then Czechoslovakia , now Slovakia ) is a Czech chemist .
John Sack ( March 24 , 1930 -- March 27 , 2004 ) was an American literary journalist and war correspondent .
Taaha Shah is an Indian actor and former model working in the Hindi film industry , known for his leading role in the 2011 Y - Films romantic comedy Luv Ka The End , a critical and commercial success , and subsequently featured in the 2013 commercially successful drama Gippi .
Enrique Bátiz Campbell ( born May 4 , 1942 ) is a Mexican conductor and pianist .
Jane Turzy was a Chicago , Illinois - born singer of traditional pop music .
Mort Shuman ( November 12 , 1936 -- November 2 , 1991 ) was an American singer , pianist and songwriter , best known as co - writer of many 1960s rock and roll hits , including `` Viva Las Vegas '' .
Rob Fleming is a Canadian politician who represents the riding of Victoria - Swan Lake in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia .
Sophie Cooke ( born 3 April 1976 ) is a Scottish novelist , short story writer , poet , and travel writer .
Alan E. Steinweis ( born 1957 in Brooklyn ) is an American historian and a professor at the University of Vermont .
Jerry Portnoy ( born November 25 , 1943 , Chicago , Illinois , United States ) is an American harmonica blues musician , who has toured with Muddy Waters and Eric Clapton .
Alma Zohar ( Hebrew : עלמה זהר‎ ) ( born June 6 , 1977 ) is a critically acclaimed Israeli musician and singer .
Ferdinand Eckstein ( 1790 - -1861 ) , Baron d'Eckstein , was a philosopher and playwright .
James Augustus Fox ( August 11 , 1827 -- December 15 , 1900 ) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served on the Board of Aldermen and as the Mayor of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Ingrid Cole is an Atlanta , Georgia actor with the American Musical Theatre .
Ron Fletcher ( May 29 , 1921 -- December 6 , 2011 ) was an American Pilates Master Teacher , an author and a Martha Graham dancer .
Herbert M. Merrill ( September 13 , 1871 , in Campton , Grafton County , New Hampshire -- March 5 , 1956 , in Schenectady , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Rosalie Abrams was an American feminist playwright , actress , and activist .
Asaf Avidan ( Hebrew : אסף אבידן‎ ; born March 23 , 1980 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter and musician .
Patrizia Genovesi is an Italian photographer and video artist .
Boris Mordukhovich is an American mathematician recognized for his research in the areas of nonlinear analysis , optimization , and control theory .
Owen George Anthony Silvera ( born c.1956 ) , better known as Ambelique , is a Jamaican reggae singer , primarily working in the lovers rock genre .
Britt Vonk ( born April 11 , 1991 in Enschede ) is a Dutch softball player , who has represented the Dutch national team in international competitions .
Adam Riegler ( May 27th , 1998 ) is an American child actor .
Ray Browning is a fitness expert , biomechanist and former professional triathlete .
Marianne Macdonald ( born July 9 , 1934 in Kenora , Ontario ) is a Canadian children 's books author and novelist best known for her mystery series featuring London antiques bookstore owner and amateur investigator Dido Hoare .
Roberto de Villacis ( born March 10 , 1967 , as Robert O. Henrichsen de Villacis ) is an Ecuadorian American fashion designer and artist , best known as for his Trash Couture clothing brand and art collective , United Aliens .
Ralph Hammeras ( March 24 , 1894 -- February 3 , 1970 ) was an American special effects designer , cinematographer and art director .
John Morrissey ( February 12 , 1831 -- May 1 , 1878 ) , also known as Old Smoke , was an Irish American bare - knuckle boxer and a gang member in New York in the 1850s and later became a Democratic State Senator and U.S. Congressman from New York , backed by Tammany Hall .
Yoon Kuk Lee ( born August 24 , 1953 ) is a South Korean - born Austrian Composer and conductor .
Harry Elmer Barnes ( June 15 , 1889 -- August 25 , 1968 ) was an American historian who , in his later years , was known for his historical revisionism .
Sippy Pallippuram is a highly acclaimed children 's story writer in Malayalam who has won several awards including Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award and Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award .
Ben Oliver is a British comics artist who has worked for 2000 AD on Judge Dredd as well as providing art for The Authority , The Losers , and Ultimate X - Men
Michel Jean is a Canadian television journalist , who currently hosts the newsmagazine series JE on TVA and was formerly an anchor on the 24-hour news channel RDI .
Helena Ekholm ( née Helena Jonsson ) ( born September 6 , 1984 in Helgum ) is a former Swedish biathlete .
Patsy McGlone ( born 8 July 1959 ) is an Irish politician from Ballinderry in Northern Ireland .
Desmond Dube is a South African singer , actor , mime artist and entertainer .
Stanley Coulter ( June 2 , 1853 -- June 26 , 1943 ) was an American biologist , brother of J. M. Coulter , born at Ningpo , China , and educated at Hanover College .
Betty Jo Teeter Dobbs ( October 19 , 1930 -- March 29 , 1994 ) was a historian specializing in Isaac Newton 's occult studies .
Frank D. Stafford was an American physician and politician who served in the Vermont House of Representatives and as the fourth and sixth Mayors of North Adams , Massachusetts .
Dwight Nevil ( born August 25 , 1944 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1970s and later played on the Champions Tour .
The Adnan Hajj photographs controversy ( also called Reutersgate ) involves digitally manipulated photographs taken by Adnan Hajj , a Lebanese freelance photographer based in the Middle East , who had worked for Reuters over a period of more than ten years .
Charles Yuill ( August 14 , 1889 -- July 30 , 1972 ) was a butcher shop owner , former Mayor of Barrhead , Alberta and served as a Canadian federal politician from 1953 to 1958 .
Karel Fialka is an Indian born British singer - songwriter , best known for his 1987 single , `` Hey , Matthew '' .
Roy St. John is an American - born singer - songwriter .
Shawn Dou ( simplified Chinese : 窦骁 ; traditional Chinese : 竇驍 ; pinyin : Dòu Xiāo ; born December 15 , 1988 ) is a Chinese actor .
Tarun Arora is an Indian model turned actor who works in Bollywood films .
William Hayhurst ( December 31 , 1887 -- May 19 , 1975 ) was a farmer , principal , teacher , businessman and a Canadian federal politician .
Stephen Mear ( born 1964 ) is an English dancer and choreographer best known for his award - winning work in musical theatre .
Shajoon Kariyal is an Indian film director and producer working in Malayalam cinema .
Hui Shi ( Chinese : 惠施 ; pinyin : Huì Shī ; Wade -- Giles : Hui4 Shih1 ; 380 - -305 BCE ) , or Huizi ( Chinese : 惠子 ; pinyin : Huìzǐ ; Wade -- Giles : Hui4 Tzu3 ; `` Master Hui '' ) , was a Chinese philosopher during the Warring States period .
Constantine Andreou ( also : Costas Andreou , Kostas Andreou ; French : Constantin Andréou , Costas Andréou ; Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Ανδρέου , Κώστας Ανδρέου ) ( March 24 , 1917 -- October 8 , 2007 ) was a painter and sculptor of Greek origin with a highly successful career that spanned six decades .
Alexander Gurevich , ( born February 7 , 1944 ) is an Israeli painter and graphic artist .
Fritz von Uhde ( born Friedrich Hermann Carl Uhde ; May 22 , 1848 -- February 25 , 1911 ) was a German painter of genre and religious subjects .
Alex MacKinnon is a retired Canadian professional darts player who competed in the 1980s .
Catherine Steiner - Adair is a clinical psychologist , school consultant , author , and teacher whose professional life is devoted to working with children , parents , and schools .
Lü Buwei ( 291 - -235 BC ) was a politician of the Qin state in the Warring States Period of ancient China .
Daniel T. Willingham ( born 1961 ) is a psychologist at the University of Virginia , where he is a professor in the Department of Psychology .
Khatun Sapnara ( Bengali : খাতুন সাপনারা ; born 29 April 1968 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British judge .
Roland Piquepaille ( October 18 , 1946 -- January 6 , 2009 ) was a technology writer , both for ZDNet and for his own blog , Roland Piquepaille 's Technology Trends , and a former software engineer at Silicon Graphics and Cray Research .
Ethan Ash is an English singer - songwriter and musician , based in Cambridge , England .
Tamar Getter , born in Tel Aviv in 1953 , is an Israeli painter .
Josh Ryan is an American photographer who specializes in fashion and glamour photography .
Thaha is a Malayali Indian film director and writer known primarily for his slapstick comedy movies .
Carlos Abella y Ramallo ( April 13 , 1934 -- August 12 , 2014 ) was a Spanish diplomat whose career with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs spanned forty years until his retirement in 2004 .
George Raft ( born George Ranft ; September 26 , 1901 -- November 24 , 1980 ) was an American film actor and dancer identified with portrayals of gangsters in crime melodramas of the 1930s and 1940s .
Jean Lee Latham ( April 19 , 1902 -- June 13 , 1995 ) was an American writer who specialized in biographies for children or young adults .
Maria McCool ( born 23 May 1974 ) ( Irish : Maria Nic Cumhaill ) is an Irish singer from Gweedore , County Donegal .
Jesse Greer ( August 26 , 1896 -- October 4 , 1970 New York City ) was an American Broadway songwriter .
Beat Wyss ( 1947 in Basle ) is a Swiss art historian , professor ordinarius for art history and media theory at Karlsruhe University of Arts and Design , Germany , and member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities .
Hasan Abidi ( Urdu : حسن عابدی ) was a noted Pakistani journalist , writer , and a senior Urdu language poet .
Jimmy Britt ( October 5 , 1879 , in San Francisco , California -- January 21 , 1940 ) was a boxer from 1902 to 1909 .
Bandō Mitsugorō X ( Japanese : 十代目 坂東 三津五郎 ) ( January 23 , 1956 -- February 2 , 2015 ) was a Japanese television presenter and kabuki actor .
Fred Spiker ( formerly known as Fred McQueen ) is an actor who bears a striking resemblance to Steve McQueen , whom Spiker claims is his father .
Jennifer Love Hewitt ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actress , producer , author , television director and singer - songwriter .
John Philip Cohane , born in New Haven , Connecticut , was an archaeologist for the University of Pennsylvania .
George Litto is an American film producer and talent agent .
Arthur Mag ( October 11 , 1896 -- October 23 , 1981 ) was a Kansas City lawyer and philanthropist .
Ernest P. Young is an American historian of China and East Asia who focused his research on the Catholic Church in China and on Sino - Japanese relations .
Catherine Taft is an art critic , curator , and writer .
George Tattersall ( pseud . `` Wildrake '' ) ( June 13 , 1817 -- August 16 , 1849 ) was a sporting artist and architect .
S. P. Muthuraman is an Indian film director who works in the Tamil film industry .
Liz Rose ( born in Dallas , Texas ) is an American country music songwriter best known for her work with Taylor Swift .
Thomas Hale Boggs , Sr . ( February 15 , 1914 - presumably October 16 , 1972 but not declared dead until January 3 , 1973 ) was an American Democratic politician and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Orleans , Louisiana .
Jason Robert Brown ( born June 20 , 1970 ) is an American musical theatre composer , lyricist , and playwright .
Andriy Grechylo ( Ukrainian : Андрій Богданович Ґречило , Andriy Bohdanovych Grechylo / Greczylo ) , is an Ukrainian historian , heraldist and vexillologist .
Minkailu Bah ( born in Magburaka , Tonkolili District ) is a Sierra Leonean politician and Lecturer and currently serves as Sierra Leone 's Minister of Education , Youth and Sports .
Andrew Cantrill is a British - born organist and choral director .
Lloyd Stone ( June 29 , 1912 -- March 9 , 1993 ) was an American poet who wrote the first two stanzas of the 1934 hymn This is My Song using the Finlandia Hymn melody composed by Jean Sibelius .
Gus Edson ( September 20 , 1901 - September 26 , 1966 ) was an American cartoonist known for two popular , long running comic strips , The Gumps and Dondi .
Larry Jeffries is an American former basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Trinity University in San Antonio , Texas between 1965 - -66 and 1968 - -69 .
Kevin MacAdam ( born February 28 , 1967 ) is a former Canadian politician and current political advisor .
Niccolò Zucchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( nikkoˈlɔ ˈdzukki ; * ˈtsukki ) ; December 6 , 1586 -- May 21 , 1670 ) was an Italian Jesuit , astronomer , and physicist .
Paul Calandrillo ( January 31 , 1956 in Hoboken , New Jersey -- December 30 , 2007 ) , better known as Paul Land , was an American actor who appeared in the movies Spring Break and The Idolmaker .
Joseph Cook ( December 29 , 1922 -- April 15 , 2014 ) , known as Little Joe Cook , was an American rhythm and blues singer and songwriter .
Melissa Errico is an American actress , singer , recording artist and writer .
James Farr is a freelance animator and animation director based at present in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
George Bruce Upton ( October 11 , 1804-July 1 , 1874 ) was an American shipbuilder and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in the Massachusetts Senate and in the Massachusetts Executive Council .
Kieran Joyce ( born 4 April 1987 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Joey Osbourne is a founding member and drummer for Acid King , Altamont , and The Stimmies .
Fritz August Breuhaus ( February 9 , 1883 -- December 2 , 1960 ) was a famous German architect , interior designer , and designer in the 20th century .
W. R. F. Browning is an Anglican clergyman and theologian .
Jade Yorker ( born June 16 , 1985 ) is an American actor of film and television .
Dan Ponce is a Chicago television journalist for WGN - TV , radio talk show host on WLS - AM ( 890 ) and founder of the renowned a cappella group Straight No Chaser .
Emanuel Ortega is an Argentine pop singer .
Edward Aczel is a British stand - up comedian known for his `` anti - comedy '' style of clumsy delivery presenting as uninterested and lacking belief in both his material and performing skills .
Albert Innaurato ( born June 2 , 1947 ) is an American playwright , theatre director , and writer .
Georg Nikolaus von Nissen ( sometimes Nicolaus or Nicolai ; January 22 , 1761 -- March 24 , 1826 ) was a Danish diplomat and music historian .
Norman F. Dixon is a British psychologist most noted for his 1976 book On the Psychology of Military Incompetence .
Mark Leslie Norton ( February 7 , 1956 -- April 5 , 2007 ) , better known as Mark St. John , was a guitarist best known for his brief work with the rock band Kiss from April to November 1984 .
Xavier Simoni ( born 20 March 1984 in Biarritz , France ) is a professional ice hockey player .
Amandititita is a Mexican singer and songwriter of cumbia .
Mark Summer was the Turtle Island Quartet 's original cellist ; he is a co - founder of the quartet and performed with Turtle Island ( a.k.a . Turtle Island String Quartet ) from its founding in 1985 until the fall of 2015 .
Taku Iwasa is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently wrestles for Dragon Gate .
Everett Fox is a scholar and translator of the Hebrew Bible , a graduate of Brandeis University .
Emily Lyons ( born July 18 , 1956 ) is an American nurse who was gravely injured when Eric Robert Rudolph bombed an abortion clinic in Birmingham , Alabama , where she worked .
Shane Hart is an English actor , writer , producer and casting director .
Dr. Naeem M. Abdurrahman ( a.k.a . Naeem Al - Gheriany ) P.h . D , PE ( Arabic نعيم عبدالرحمن الغرياني ) is a Libyan nuclear scientist , engineer and academic .
Jefferson Moore is an American actor , writer , producer , director and editor based in Louisville , Kentucky .
José Antonio Garrido Nataren is a Mexican engineer , currently serves as Rector of the University of Technology Tecamachalco
Adelmota of Carrara ( early 14th - century ) was an Italian physician .
Stephane Gauger is a Vietnamese - American film director , screenwriter , and cinematographer .
Will Knightley ( born 23 April 1946 ) is an English television and stage actor .
Václav Vích ( 1898 - -1966 ) was a Czech cinematographer , who worked on over a hundred films in a variety of different countries during his career .
Giora Feidman ( Hebrew : גיורא פיידמן‎ ; born March 26 , 1936 ) is an Argentine - born Israeli clarinetist who specializes in klezmer music .
Stephen Arthur Jennings ( May 11 , 1915 -- February 2 , 1979 ) was a mathematician who made significant breakthroughs in the study of modular representation theory , ( Jennings 1941 ) .
Dr. Pricilla Nanyang ( Priscila Nyanyang ) is a South Sudanese politician .
Rex Ballard is a cinematographer with a career in movies , music videos and television programs .
Michelle Mungall is a Canadian politician , who was elected as a New Democratic Party Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election , representing the riding of Nelson - Creston .
Charles Whibley ( 1859 - -1930 ) was an English literary journalist and author .
John Hallet is a British actor , probably best known for his role as Barney in the 1970s television drama Survivors .
Robert Emhardt ( July 24 , 1913 -- December 26 , 1994 ) was an American character actor who worked on stage , in film and on television .
Mark Hempsell is a British aerospace engineer and CEO of Hempsell Astronautics Ltd. which is currently designing the Universal Space Interface Standard ( USIS ) , a system which aims to standardise berthing , docking and attachment of satellites and other spacecraft .
Dave Finkel ( born May 15 , 1970 ) is an American television producer , actor , and screenwriter who has worked on many successful television shows .
Felipe Codallos ( born in Guatemala ) was a Central American general and politician .
Talvin DeMachio is a retired escort and American pornographic actor who appears in pornographic movies aimed at gay audiences .
Colin McDowell is a British fashion writer , journalist and academic .
Christa Hughes is an Australian singer , known for her wild on - stage antics and powerful voice .
Lincoln Goldie ( November 11 , 1864 -- September 19 , 1931 ) was an industrialist and politician in Ontario .
Stryker McGuire ( born September 12 , 1947 ) is a journalist working in London .
Jesus Gil Abreu ( September 1 , 1823 -- June 30 , 1900 ) was a rancher and pioneer who owned a New Mexico ranch that now comprises Philmont Scout Ranch .
Mükerrem Kamil Su ( Bursa , 1906 - -1984 ) was a popular Turkish writer .
Aaron ben Eliezer Lipman was a mid - seventeenth century rabbi of the town of Sępólno Krajeńskie in Poland ( known as Zempelburg in German , and later part of West Prussia between 1772 and 1920 ) .
Frank Jay Haynes ( October 28 , 1853 -- March 10 , 1921 ) , known as F. Jay or the Professor to almost all that knew him , was a professional photographer , publisher and entrepreneur from Minnesota who played a major role in documenting through photographs , the settlement and early history of the great Northwest .
Judith Baumel ( b. October 9 , 1956 Bronx , New York ) is an American poet .
Tom Marcello has been a jazz photojournalist since the 1970s .
Joan Marcus is a theatrical photographer based in Manhattan , New York , USA .
Walter Matthau ( /ˈmæθaʊ/ ; October 1 , 1920 -- July 1 , 2000 ) was an American actor best known for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple and his frequent collaborations with Odd Couple co - star Jack Lemmon .
Derek Kerswill ( born April 5 , in Wilmington , DE ) is an American musician best known for his drumming in the bands Unearth , Seemless , Kingdom of Sorrow , and multiple fill - ins / studio projects .
Robert Wightman is an American actor perhaps best known for replacing Richard Thomas in the role of `` John - Boy Walton '' in the TV series The Waltons .
Ciro Punzo ( Naples , February 14 , 1850 - 1925 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of interior scenes of daily life and vedute of churches .
Sanford Plummer ( Ga - yo - gwa - doke ) ( 1905 - -1974 ) ( Seneca ) was a Native American narrative watercolor painter from New York state .
Rohit Bal is a fashion designer from New Delhi , India .
John Gregory Dunne ( May 25 , 1932 -- December 30 , 2003 ) was an American novelist , screenwriter and literary critic .
Heitor Villa - Lobos ( Portuguese : ( ejˌtoʁ ˌvilɐ ˈlobus ) ; March 5 , 1887 -- November 17 , 1959 ) was a Brazilian composer , described as `` the single most significant creative figure in 20th - century Brazilian art music '' .
William Boyd Allison Davis ( October 14 , 1902 -- November 21 , 1983 ) was an American educator , anthropologist , writer , researcher , and scholar .
Robert Stack ( born Charles Langford Modini Stack , January 13 , 1919 -- May 14 , 2003 ) was an American actor , sportsman , and television host .
Ashkan Sahihi is an Iranian - American photographer known for his unique photographic series .
Ajit Iqbal Singh ( born 1943 ) is an Indian mathematician , specialising in functional analysis and harmonic analysis .
Lew Lipton ( 1897 - -1961 ) , was an American screenwriter who was active during the latter part of the silent era and the beginning of the talking picture era .
Matthias Jabs ( born October 25 , 1955 ) is a German guitarist and songwriter .
Felice Taylor ( born Florian Taylor , January 29 , 1948 , Richmond , California , United States ) is an African American singer , best known for her recordings in the late 1960s .
Alfred Powell Rawlins Hawtin was an English cricketer active from 1902 to 1930 who played for Northamptonshire ( Northants ) .
Anthony Terrell Smith ( born March 3 , 1966 ) , better known by his stage name Tone Lōc or Tone - Lōc /ˈtoʊn ˈloʊk/ , is an American rapper and actor .
Ingvar Svensson , born 1944 , is a Swedish Christian democratic politician , member of the Riksdag since 1998 .
Trinere Veronica Farrington ( born November 29 , 1964 in Miami , Florida ) , better known as Trinere , is an American singer , songwriter and recording artist who had several major dance hits in the 1980s and early ' 90s and who was very influential in the freestyle music genre .
Ferris Foreman ( August 24 , 1808 - February 11 , 1901 ) was a lawyer , politician , and American soldier during the Mexican American War , as well as a Colonel commanding a Volunteer Regiment and the District of Southern California during the American Civil War .
Natalie Bookchin is an artist based in Brooklyn , New York .
Charles Albert Woods was an associate justice on the South Carolina Supreme Court and then a United States federal judge .
John Edward Schwitzer ( April 1870 -- January 1911 ) was assistant chief engineer for the Canadian Pacific Railway in the early 1900s .
Wallace Geoffrey was a British writer and actor .
Antônio Austregésilo ( April 21 , 1876 -- December 23 , 1960 ) , was a Brazilian neurologist important to the history of the field in his nation .
Patrick M. Hughes ( born September 19 , 1942 ) is a retired United States Army officer who served the 12th Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency .
Hettimulla Appuhamilage Shashikala Dedunu Siriwardene ( born 14 February 1985 ) in Colombo , known as Shashikala Siriwardene , is the Sri Lankan cricketer and current captain of the Sri Lankan women 's cricket team .
Ryan Singel is a San Francisco - based blogger and journalist covering tech business , tech policy , civil liberty and privacy issues .
Wilhelm of Herle ( born in Herle in Dutch Limburg at an unknown date in the fourteenth century ; time and place of death unknown ) was a painter .
Kęstutis Dirgėla ( born May 9 , 1960 , Klaipėda ) is a Lithuanian engineer and politician .
Shekhar Sen is a singer , music composer , lyricist and actor .
William Kapell ( September 20 , 1922 -- October 29 , 1953 ) was an American pianist and recording artist , killed at the age of 31 in the crash of a commercial airliner returning from a concert tour in Australia .
Daniel Frohman ( August 22 , 1851 -- December 26 , 1940 ) was an American theatrical producer and manager , and an early film producer .
Carey Eidel is an American actor , director , and writer .
Ralph Frary ( July 3 , 1876 -- November 9 , 1925 ) was a professional baseball player and umpire .
Maxamed Daahir Afrax ( Somali : Maxamed Daahir Afraax , Arabic : محمد طاهر أفرح‎ ) Ph . D. is a Somali novelist , playwright , journalist and scholar .
A Catholic priest , Peter Serracino Inglott was ordained in Milan by Cardinal Montini , later Pope Paul VI .
Gus Heinze ( born May 1 , 1926 in Bremen , Germany ) is an American photorealist painter .
Ophrah Shemesh ( December 9 , 1952 ) is an Israeli - American artist , best known for her intense , existentially themed oil and tempera paintings of women and men .
Konrad Wolff ( March 11 , 1907 -- October 23 , 1989 ) was a German pianist and musicologist .
Wang Luming ( Chinese : 王鲁明 ) ( November 1915 - September 28 , 2005 ) was a Chinese diplomat .
James Steven Sadwith ( born October 20 , 1952 ) is an American producer , screenwriter , and Emmy Award - winning film director .
Sir John Jackson , 1st Baronet ( 1763 - -1820 ) was a British politician and businessman .
Maria Rosa Canelas ( July 30 , 1941 -- June 10 , 2004 ) , better known as Rosinha de Valença , was a Brazilian composer , arranger and musician .
Elize Ryd ( born October 15 , 1984 ) is a Swedish singer - songwiter , dancer , composer and show artist , best known as one of the three vocalists in the melodic metalcore / power metal band Amaranthe .
Johnnie Newt ( born July 9 , 1979 ) better known by his stage name J. Valentine , is an American R&B singer , and songwriter .
Clark Ashton Smith ( January 13 , 1893 -- August 14 , 1961 ) was a self - educated American poet , sculptor , painter and author of fantasy , horror and science fiction short stories .
Gina Berriault ( January 1 , 1926 -- July 15 , 1999 ) , was an American novelist and short story writer .
Tony Bonello is an Australian professional mixed martial artist and grappler who is currently signed to ONE FC .
Du Shenyan ( Chinese : 杜審言 ; pinyin : Dù Shěnyán ; Wade -- Giles : Tu Shen - yen , ca . 645 - -708 ) was a poet of the early Tang dynasty , and one of whose poems was collected in the popular anthology Three Hundred Tang Poems .
John W. Lippitt ( April 21 , 1822 Adams , Berkshire County , Massachusetts -- May 15 , 1896 Solsville , Madison County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Damien O'Hagan is a former Tyrone Gaelic football player .
Harald Bode ( October 19 , 1909 -- January 15 , 1987 ) was a German engineer and pioneer in the development of electronic music instruments .
Mariano Melgar ( 1791 - -1815 ) was a Peruvian patriot , poet , artist , and warrior for the cause of independence from Spain .
Anna Maria Nobili is an Italian physicist active in the field of gravitational physics .
Alfredo Jocelyn - Holt Letelier is a Chilean writer and historian who has gained notoriety by his study of the Chilean elite aristocracy and plutocracy and his criticism of traditional state - centered historiography .
Marshall Purnell ( born June 8 , 1950 ) is a prominent African - American architect and 2008 president of the American Institute of Architects .
Chris Sheldon ( born 25 September 1962 ) is a record producer , particularly of rock music based in London , England .
Gianetto Cordegliaghi or Gianetto Cordella Aghi , also called il Cordella , ( Early 16th century ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in Venice .
Evan Rosen is an American author , speaker , business strategist , blogger , and journalist .
Kurt Laurenz Metzler ( born January 26 , 1941 ) , Signature `` KLM '' , is a Swiss sculptor .
Max Whitaker is a UK - based photographer whose work mostly involves people & portraits , often these concern arts subjects .
Catherine Connolly is an Irish Independent politician .
Stian Heimlund Skjæveland ( born November 19 , 1973 in Stavanger ) is a Norwegian representational painter and sculptor in the figurative tradition who also draws in black and white .
Wael Abdul Latif ( born c. 1950 ) is an Iraqi politician from the secular Iraqi National List coalition .
Anton Gag ( born Anton Gaag in Walk , Tachau , June 12 , 1859 -- New Ulm , May 22 , 1908 ) was a Bohemian - American painter and studio photographer known for his portraits , still lifes , landscapes , and murals .
Tobias Kassung ( born 1977 ) is a German classical guitarist and composer .
Curtis Earle Lang ( January 20 , 1937 -- December 17 , 1998 ) was a Canadian poet , artist , photographer , seaman , inventor and entrepreneur .
Saint Tuotilo ( Tutilo , Tutilo von Gallen , Tutilo of Gall , Tutilo of Saint Gall ) ( c.850 -- c.915 ) was a medieval monk and composer .
Catherine Cuthbertson was an English - language novelist published in London in the early 19th century .
Lucas Macías Navarro ( born in Valverde del Camino , Huelva , August 11 , 1978 ) is a Spanish oboist .
Jenny Lou Carson , ( January 13 , 1915 - -December 16 , 1978 ) , born Virginia Lucille Overstake , was an American country music singer - songwriter and the first woman to write a No . 1 country music hit .
Navaneetham Padmanabha Seshadri , popularly known as N. P. Sheshadri , was an Indian musicologist , scholar , administrator and the founder secretary of National Cultural Organization .
Giovanni Giacomo Coleti or Coletti ( May 2 , 1734 -- August 15 , 1827 ) was an Italian historian and philologist .
Apiarius of Sicca was an African priest convicted by the Bishops of Africa of numerous unspecified crimes in the early 5th century AD , and excommunicated by Bishop Urbanus of Sicca Veneria .
Steven Weisberg is a film editor who usually collaborates with director Alfonso Cuarón .
Kyle Prandi ( born June 19 , 1979 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American diver and Olympian from Strongsville , Ohio .
Enrique Tovar Ávalos was a Mexican film director notable for remaking several Universal Horror films into Spanish language versions .
Šarūnas Liekis is a Lithuanian historian and political scientist .
Julia Spencer - Fleming ( born 1961 ) is an American novelist of Mystery fiction .
Charles A. Hufnagel , M.D. ( August 15 , 1916 - -May 31 , 1989 ) was an American surgeon who in the early 1950s invented the first artificial heart valve .
Ernst Evald Bergroth ( April 1 , 1857 -- November 22 , 1925 ) was a Finnish physician and amateur entomologist .
Maurice Weiner ( August 18 , 1930 -- September 30 , 2012 ) was an American politician who served as Deputy Mayor of Los Angeles under Mayor Tom Bradley .
Jama Musse Jama ( Somali : Jaamac Muuse Jaamac , Arabic : جامع موسى جامع‎ ) ( b. 1967 ) is a prominent Somali ethnomathematician and author .
Otto Buck ( born 15 November 1876 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Michael Gilday ( born January 5 , 1987 ) is a former Canadian short track speed skater from Yellowknife , Northwest Territories .
Yakov Kasman ( b. February 24 , 1967 ) is a Russian classical pianist , professor of piano , and artist - in - residence at the University of Alabama at Birmingham .
Alan Robert Rogowski ( born September 22 , 1942 ) , better known by his ring name of Ole Anderson , is an American retired professional wrestler and a promoter .
Juan Almeida Bosque ( February 17 , 1927 -- September 11 , 2009 ) was a Cuban politician and one of the original commanders of the insurgent forces in the Cuban Revolution .
Michael Anesko is an U.S. literary critic , writer and professor .
Kristine Peterson is a film director who worked as an assistant director and second unit director on several films as well as directing her own films in the late 80s and 90s .
Phoebe Kreutz is a singer - songwriter , primarily associated with the anti - folk scene of New York City , but also known for her theater and television work .
Shaukat Mahmood ( Bengali : শওকত মাহমুদ ) , also spelled as Shawkat Mahmud is a Bangladeshi journalist .
Abou Elela Mady ( Arabic : أبو العلا ماضي‎ ) ( born 3 April 1952 ) is an Egyptian engineer and politician .
Takehiko Bessho ( 別所 毅彦 Bessho Takehiko , October 1 , 1922 -June 24 , 1999 ) , born Akira Bessho ( 別所昭 , Bessho Akira ) , was a Japanese baseball player whose professional career as a player lasted from 1942 until 1960 .
Tamás Meggyes ( born March 7 , 1967 ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as mayor of Esztergom between 1999 and 2010 .
Richard Coke , Jr. ( November 16 , 1790 -- March 31 , 1851 ) was a nineteenth - century congressman and lawyer from Virginia .
David Sirlin is an American game designer and fighting game player .
Knud Arne Jürgensen ( born July 8 , 1952 ) is a Danish music- , ballet- and theater historian , dramaturg , curator of exhibitions , senior researcher , dr . phil .
Lawrence G. Paull ( born 1938 ) is an American neofuturistic production designer and art director .
Aaron Phillip ( born January 31 , 1974 ) , better known by his stage name Afu - Ra , is a New York - based American underground rapper .
Tim Spanton is an award - winning UK journalist and amateur international chess player .
David Zane Mairowitz ( born 1943 in New York , United States ) , is a writer .
Steven Handley ( born 23 July 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the AFL during the 1990s .
In London Gilbert Shakespeare was a haberdasher , a seller of needlework supplies such as thread , needles , and ribbons , living in the parish of St Bride 's .
Serafino Belfanti ( March 28 , 1860 -- March 6 , 1939 ) was an Italian immunologist , founder of the Istituto Sieroterapico Milanese , the first Italian medical and vaccine research institute .
Andry Laffita Fernández ( born March 26 , 1978 in Pinar del Río ) is a retired Cuban amateur boxer .
Hàng Lâm Trang Anh ( born January 14 , 1990 ) , known by her stage name Suboi , is a Vietnamese rapper , singer , and songwriter .
Fred Fortin ( born Joseph Antoine Frédéric Fortin Perron on May 5 , 1971 in Dolbeau - Mistassini , Quebec ) is a Canadian rock singer - songwriter .
Joseph Kinsey Howard ( February 28 , 1906 -- August 25 , 1951 ) was an American journalist , historian , and author , who wrote extensively about the history , culture , and economic circumstances of Montana .
Redd Velvet ( born Crystal Tucker , December 29 , 1968 , Omaha , Nebraska , United States ) is an American blues and soul singer , best known for her unconventional entrance into the music industry .
Charles Evenden , soldier , cartoonist , and author , is probably best remembered as the founder and guiding inspiration of the ex - servicemen organisation known as the Memorable Order of Tin Hats .
Dorothy Davenport ( March 13 , 1895 -- October 12 , 1977 ) was an American actress , screenwriter , film director , and producer who appeared in silent film for Biograph Studios under the direction of D.W. Griffith .
Cole South is a 27-year - old professional poker player , author , and entrepreneur from Washington , DC . South is best known for his play online , though he has also made television appearances on Poker After Dark in season 5 of the show .
Shana Hiatt ( born 17 December 1975 ) is an American model and presenter who has appeared in several magazines .
Michael Arthur Herrera ( born November 6 , 1976 ) , known professionally as Mike Herrera , is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and bass guitarist , most widely known as the lead vocalist , bass guitarist , and composer for the punk band MxPx .
Darris Kilgour is a former professional lacrosse player and coach .
Ryan Quinn ( born January 22 , 1987 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the lightweight division of Titan FC .
Pauline de Rothschild ( née Potter ; December 31 , 1908 -- March 8 , 1976 ) was a writer , a fashion designer , and , with her second husband , a translator of both Elizabethan poetry and the plays of Christopher Fry .
Joel Polis ( born October 3 , 1951 ) is an American television , film and stage actor .
The Master of the Malchin Altar ( German : Meister des Malchiner Altar ) was a northern German Late Gothic painter who was active in Hamburg in the first half of the 15th century .
William A. Lord ( August 28 , 1849 -- August 21 , 1927 ) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Hansjörg Knauthe ( born July 13 , 1944 in Geising ) is a retired East German biathlete , who competed at the Olympics .
Francis Strother Lyon ( February 25 , 1800 -- December 31 , 1882 ) was a prominent Alabama attorney and politician .
Steve Guyger ( born September 12 , 1952 ) is an American Chicago blues harmonica player , singer , and songwriter .
Lenka Dusilová ( born December 28 , 1975 ) is a Czech Angel Award - winning singer - songwriter .
Charlie Bisharat is an American Grammy - winning violinist who has toured and/or recorded with numerous notable artists .
Mou Zongsan ( Chinese : 牟宗三 ; pinyin : Móu Zōngsān ; Wade -- Giles : Mou Tsungsan , 1909 - -1995 ) was a Chinese New Confucian philosopher .
Gérard Pierre - Charles ( December 18 , 1935 , Jacmel -- October 11 , 2004 , Cuba ) was a Haitian politician and former leader of the Unified Party of Haitian Communists .
Wade McCollum is an American film actor , stage actor and composer / musician .
Raul Amaya ( born February 2 , 1986 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator 's welterweight division .
Alfred Jacob Miller ( January 2 , 1810 -- June 26 , 1874 ) was an American painter and sketcher best known for his paintings concerning the northwestern United States .
Mel Carter ( born April 22 , 1939 , Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American singer and actor .
Tim Lucas ( born May 30 , 1956 ) is a film critic , biographer , novelist , screenwriter , blogger , and publisher / editor of the video review magazine Video Watchdog .
Shadi Petosky ( born September 18 , 1974 ) is an American comics author , designer , and television animator .
Richard Fleischner is a Providence , RI based environmental artist .
Martin Iveson is a British composer known for his audio work within the video games industry and better known for his contributions to the world of music releases .
Carwyn Davies ( 1964 - -1997 ) is a former Welsh international rugby union player .
Niccola Ricciolini ( born 1637 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Fiona Fairhurst is the inventor of the Speedo Fastskin swimsuit .
Rod MacDonald ( born August 17 , 1948 ) is an American singer - songwriter , novelist , and educator .
Essie Kelley - Washington ( born January 12 , 1957 ) is an American former middle - distance runner who specialized in the 800-meter run .
Farkhunda Zahra Naderi ( Dari : فرخنده زهرا نادری ) is an Afghan politician .
Washington Gardner ( February 16 , 1845 -- March 31 , 1928 ) was a lawyer , minister , politician and Civil War veteran from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Budd Mishkin ( born 1959 ) is a television host and correspondent for New York 's 24-hour news network , NY1 .
Kay Burley ( born 1961 ) is an English television newsreader and presenter .
Guy Sigsworth is a British composer , producer and songwriter .
Justice Smith ( August 9 , 1995 ) is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Radar in the film Paper Towns .
Carolyn Fluehr - Lobban is an anthropologist and Sudanist and a founder and past president of the Sudan Studies Association .
Sidney E. King ( August 22 , 1906 - April 24 , 2002 ) was an American painter and art teacher who lived in Massachusetts and Virginia .
Shreya Guhathakurta ( শ্রেয়া গুহঠাকুরতা ) ( February 3 , 1975 ) is an Indian Rabindra Sangeet singer .
Jacqueline Logan ( November 30 , 1904 -- April 4 , 1983 ) was a star of the silent motion picture screen who was on board William Randolph Hearst 's yacht the Oneida in 1924 when film director Thomas Ince died .
Quintin Hoare is a British leftist intellectual and literary translator .
Tõnu Kalam is an American orchestral pianist and conductor .
Angelo Dundee ( born Angelo Mirena ; August 30 , 1921 -- February 1 , 2012 ) was an American boxing trainer and cornerman .
Roger Huerta ( born May 20 , 1983 ) , is an American mixed martial artist .
Noémie Lafrance ( born November 22 , 1973 ) is a Canadian - born choreographer living and working in New York since 1994 .
Thomas N. Soffron ( December 10 , 1907 -- February 21 , 2004 ) was the clam digger and restaurateur who created the fried clam strip .
Darby Slick is an American guitarist and songwriter , best known as a former member of The Great Society , and as the writer of the Jefferson Airplane song , `` Somebody to Love '' .
Linda Gordon is an American feminist and historian .
The Urxed was exclusively a live performance - only musician , with exception to two compilation appearances , and various remix work , until November 2011 , when a split 12 `` with Stephen Steven , was released by PPM Records .
Selma George is an Indian film singer in Malayalam cinema during the 1970s .
James W. Plummer ( January 29 , 1920 -- January 16 , 2013 ) was an engineer who served as the fifth Director of the National Reconnaissance Office .
Epic Mazur ( born Bret Hadley Mazur on August 31 , 1970 ) is an American vocalist , rapper , and record producer .
Russell Martingell ( details of birth and death unknown ) was an English cricketer who was associated with Surrey and made his first - class debut in 1828 .
Jesper Ahle ( born February 13 , 1981 ) is a Danish handball player who plays for Danish Handball League side Team Tvis Holstebro .
Edmund Horne of Canterbury , Kent , was an English politician .
Mel Kendrick ( born July 28 , 1949 ) , is an American artist , known primarily for his sculptural work in wood , bronze , rubber , paper and , most recently , cast concrete .
Mahmud ibn Sa'ad was an architect who lived in 13th-14th centuries .
Peter Riegel is an American research engineer who developed a mathematical formula for predicting race times for runners and other athletes given a certain performance at another distance .
José Ron ( born August 8 , 1981 ) , is a Mexican television actor .
Phil Moy , like his twin brother Jeff Moy , is a professional comic book artist .
Anne Lorne Gillies ( Scottish Gaelic : Anna Latharna NicGillìosa ) is a singer , writer and Gaelic activist .
Ajai Lall is a Christian preacher and missionary in India .
Cassandra O'Neal ( born Cassandra Louise O'Neal on January 17 , 1973 ) is an American musician , composer , and producer .
Gunturu Seshendra Sarma B.A. B.L. ( October 20 , 1927 -- May 30 , 2007 ) , also known as Yuga Kavi , was a Telugu poet , critic and litterateur .
The Honourable A. Catherine Everett , formerly a judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba , was appointed to the Family Division of the Court of Queen 's Bench of Manitoba on November 23 , 2006 .
Najibullah Quraishi is an award winning Afghan journalist and filmmaker .
Jason Suecof ( born April 3 , 1980 ) is an American record producer , mixer , guitarist and song - writer .
Franklin Freeman Randall , known by his stage name Fly Young Red is an American rapper who gained notoriety due to his controversial song `` Throw That Boy Pussy '' .
Jacob Cox ( November 9 , 1810 -- January 2 , 1892 ) was a landscape and portrait painter in Indianapolis , Indiana , US .
Paul Bertolli is a chef , writer , and artisan food producer in the San Francisco Bay area of California .
Giorgio Antoniotto ( Giorgio Antoniotto d’Adurni ) , ( 1680 - -1766 ) , was an Italian musician , who is noted as the author of a musical treatise , L’arte armonica , and as an early composer of music for violoncello .
Bear McCreary ( born February 17 , 1979 ) is an American composer and musician living in Los Angeles , California .
Richard Herd , Jr. ( born September 26 , 1932 ) is an American actor in television and film .
Jean - Baptiste Quéruel ( 1779 - -1845 ) was the inventor of the method for industrial production of sugar from beet .
William Irwin Grubb ( March 8 , 1862 -- October 27 , 1935 ) was a United States federal judge who struck down key portions of President Roosevelt 's New Deal .
Michelangelo Spada ( active 1730 ) was an Italian painter in Verona .
Désiré Collen ( born 21 June 1943 ) is a Belgian physician and chemist .
Dennis Clontz ( April 10 , 1951 -- June 14 , 2004 ) was an American playwright , journalist , and screenwriter .
Matthew Diamond ( born November 26 , 1951 ) is an American film and television director , producer and choreographer .
Trey Gunn ( born December 13 , 1960 ) is an American musician , known for his membership in progressive rock band King Crimson from 1994 to 2003 , playing Warr Guitar and Chapman Stick .
Tony Yazbeck is an American actor , singer , and dancer , best known for his work on the Broadway stage including the 2014 revival of On the Town for which he received 2015 Tony Award and Outer Critics Circle Award nominations for lead actor in a musical .
Jason McGerr is an American musician , best known as the drummer for the band Death Cab for Cutie .
Tad Hilgenbrink ( born Tad M. Hilgenbrinck , October 9 , 1981 ) is an American actor , known for his role as Matt Stifler in American Pie Presents :
Gabriele Taylor is a philosopher and university teacher .
Christine Bestland ( born April 28 , 1992 ) is an ice hockey player for the Mercyhurst Lakers women 's ice hockey program .
Fritz Sdunek ( pronounced zdoo - neck , April 18 , 1947 -- December 22 , 2014 ) was a German professional boxing trainer and previously an amateur boxer .
Josh Stolberg ( born March 7 , 1971 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and photographer .
Ewald Walch ( born August 18 , 1940 ) was an Austrian luger who competed from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s .
Kerstin Alm ( born May 9 , 1949 ) is a politician of the autonomous Åland Islands .
George Getz Shumard ( 1823 - -1867 ) was an American geologist and surgeon .
Francisco Hernández Tomé ( d.1872 ) was a Spanish mural painter who decorated the interiors of many churches and theatres in Madrid .
C. A. Stephens ( born Charles Asbury Stevens , October 21 , 1844 -- September 22 , 1931 ) was an American writer of short stories and articles .
Douglas Huebler ( October 27 , 1924 -- July 12 , 1997 ) was an American conceptual artist .
Sir Lloyd Erskine Sandiford , KA , PC ( born March 24 , 1937 ) is a Barbadian politician .
Henry Munn is a writer and poet who studied the use of hallucinogenic plants by the Conibo Indians of eastern Peru and also the Mazatec Indians of the mountains of Oaxaca .
Robert Victor Evan Wong ( July 4 , 1895 - October 19 , 1952 ) was a politician , civil engineer , rancher and businessman , elected to the British Guiana legislature in 1926 and 1934 , and appointed to its Executive Council in 1928 .
Sydnee Michaels ( born June 15 , 1988 ) is an American professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour as of 2012 .
Thomas Blacket Stephens ( 1819 - -1877 ) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane Municipal Council , a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council .
Lil ' Wil ( born Wil Martin , March 25 , 1987 ) is an American rapper , born in New Orleans , Louisiana and raised in Dallas , Texas .
Janet Kauffman ( born June 10 , 1945 ) is an American novelist , poet , and mixed media artist .
Marcus Deen ( born 5 August 1973 ) is a former Dutch figure skater .
Elinor Burkett ( born October 9 , 1946 ) is an American journalist , author , film producer , and documentary director .
Yulia Belokobylskaya ( Russian : Юлия Белокобыльская ) ( born December 14 , 1995 ) is a Russian former artistic gymnast and was the Russian national champion in the floor exercise in 2011 .
Fabio Novembre ( October 21 , 1966 ) is an Italian architect and designer .
Allan Gurganus is an American novelist , short story writer , and essayist whose work , which includes Oldest Living Confederate Widow Tells All and Local Souls , is often influenced by and set in his native North Carolina .
John Herzfeld is an American film and television director , screenwriter , actor and producer .
Maxine D. Brown is an American computer scientist and associate director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory ( EVL ) at the University of Illinois at Chicago ( UIC ) .
Koren Shadmi was born in Israel , where he worked as an illustrator and cartoonist for various magazines .
Bargil Pixner ( March 23 , 1921 -- April 5 , 2002 ) was an ethnically German , yet politically Italian , Benedictine monk , Biblical scholar and archaeologist , and Benedictine authority on the Dead Sea scrolls .
Robert Lissauer ( May 1 , 1917 -- October 14 , 2004 ) was an American composer , author , and musicologist .
Srđan Šajn ( Serbian Cyrillic : Срђан Шајн , Romani : Srdjan Šajn ; born March 28 , 1963 ) is a Serbian politician .
Ciarán McGann is an Irish hurler from Castlelyons in County Cork .
Loula Anagnostaki ( born ca 1935 - 1940 ) is a Greek writer .
John Mankiewicz ( born February 18 , 1954 ) is an American television and film executive producer and screenwriter .
Ferenc Anisits ( born December 23 , 1938 ) is a Hungarian engineer , engine developer .
Herb Dean ( born September 30 , 1970 ) is an American mixed martial arts referee and former fighter .
Georgia Wettlin Larsen is a Nakota singer who has released several discs featuring Native American songs .
Michael Bisio ( March 4 , 1955 Troy , New York ) is an American jazz double bass player , composer and bandleader .
Charles Corbett Powell Wilson was a Victorian engineer and public servant , responsible for construction and Maintenance of bridges in Western Region of Victoria , Australia .
Mike Gunn ( born 1964 ) is a British stand - up comedian , presenter , actor , writer , and voiceover artiste .
Tyler Perry ( born Emmitt Perry Jr. ; September 13 , 1969 ) is an American actor , producer , director , screenwriter , playwright , author , and songwriter , specializing in the gospel genre .
John Gould Fletcher ( January 3 , 1886 -- May 10 , 1950 ) was an Imagist poet ( the first Southern poet to win the Pulitzer Prize ) , author and authority on modern painting .
Daniel Coronell is a Colombian journalist and Vice President of News for Univision in the United States .
Alberto Fernández de Rosa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈβerto ferˈnandes ðe ˈrosa ) ; born in 1944 ) is an experienced Argentine actor .
Meri Wilson Edgmon ( June 15 , 1949 -- December 28 , 2002 ) , known professionally as Meri Wilson , was a model and singer - songwriter , best known for singing double entendre novelty songs .
Shane Rimmer ( born 28 May 1929 ) is a Canadian actor and voice actor , known for providing the voice of Scott Tracy in the British television series Thunderbirds ( 1965 - -66 ) .
John Mark Nelson ( born November 23 , 1993 ) is a songwriter and producer based in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Dijon Prioleau ( born December 19 , 1992 ) , known as Dijon , is an American gospel singer .
Eric Oemig was an American politician from Washington state , who served as a Democrat in the Washington State Senate .
Víctor Hugo Cárdenas Conde ( born 1951 ) is a Bolivian indigenous Aymara activist and politician .
Shaun Casey ( born January 7 , 1954 ) is a former model active from the mid-1970s through the mid-1980s .
Chuck Oberstein ( December 18 , 1935 -- May 8 , 2002 ) was an American painter , best known for clown paintings .
Benjamin Chertoff is a journalist , photographer and video producer .
Michael Ann Holly is an American art historian renowned for her work on historiography and the theory of art history .
Joe Enook is a Canadian politician , who was elected to represent the district of Tunnuniq in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in a by - election on September 12 , 2011 .
Stephan Güsgen ( born March 26 , 1962 in Dormagen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a retired West German swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle events .
Dean Scofield ( born January 12 , 1957 , Alhambra , California ) is a voice actor who has provided the voice of the recurring `` joke character '' Johnny Sasaki in Metal Gear Solid , Metal Gear Solid :
Brockton McKinney is an American comic book writer , short story author and horror film screenwriter .
Abdul Rahman Jassim is a Bahraini modern pentathlete .
Ambrose Lam San - keung ( Chinese : 林新強 ) is a Hong Kong solicitor who served as the President of the Law Society of Hong Kong from 2013 until his resignation in 2014 .
Cornelius Ambrosius Logan ( born Baltimore , Maryland , May 4 , 1806 ; died on the Ohio River near Wheeling , then in the state of Virginia , February 22 , 1853 ) was an American actor , playwright , and journalist who was father to a famous family of actresses and writers .
Doris Kearns Goodwin ( born January 4 , 1943 ) is an American biographer , historian , and political commentator .
In 2008 , Valdo Randpere won the Estonian version of the Just the Two of Us ( Laulud Tähtedega ) reality television singing contest in duet with Estonian singer Eda - Ines Etti .
Rick Lewers is a bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia .
Gustav Langenscheidt ( October 21 , 1832 -- November 11 , 1895 ) was a German language teacher , book publisher , and the founder of Langenscheidt Publishing Group .
Ota Kulhánek , born 1935 , is a Czech seismologist who currently resides in Uppsala , Sweden , where he is emeritus professor of geophysics at Uppsala University .
Gareth Myles is a British academic economist .
Theodosia Tsatsou ( Greek : Θεοδοσία Τσάτσου ) is a Greek singer , known for her songs with the band `` Ble '' , and also for her solo career .
Aaron Craze is an English celebrity chef who often appears in the ITV Food series Saturday Cookbook .
Dawn Holden is an English cricketer and a former member of the England women 's cricket team .
Enrique Pinti ( born October 7 , 1939 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine actor and comedian .
Harrison Carroll Hobart ( January 31 , 1815 - January 23 , 1902 ) was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War and a lawyer and politician in the state of Wisconsin .
Zdeněk Košler ( March 25 , 1928 -- July 2 , 1995 ) was a Czech conductor , who played an important role in Czech musical life of the second half of 20th century , notably during the sixties and the eighties .
Salvador Mazza ( June 6 , 1886 -- November 9 , 1946 ) was a noted Argentine physician and epidemiologist , best known for his strides in helping control American trypanosomiasisan endemic disease among the rural , poor majority of early 20th century South America .
C. Bradford Welles ( August 9 , 1901 -- October 8 , 1969 ) was an American Classicist and ancient historian , born in Old Saybrook , Connecticut .
Angus MacInnis ( September 2 , 1884 -- March 3 , 1964 ) was a socialist politician and Canadian parliamentarian .
Emre Aydın ( born February 2 , 1981 ) is a Turkish rock singer - songwriter .
Frans Ceusters is a Flemish television writer .
Kerry S. Harris ( born December 8 , 1969 ) is an American entrepreneur and inventor .
Ben Feleo ( January 24 , 1926 -- September 21 , 2011 ) was a Filipino film director and screenwriters who directed more than forty films .
Chai Songyue ( Chinese : 柴松岳 ; November , 1941 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Bob Avian ( born December 26 , 1937 ) is an American choreographer , theatrical producer , and stage director .
Margaret Nagle ( born January 12 , 1969 ) is a screenwriter , television producer and human rights activist .
Jonathan Corwin ( also Curwin or Corwen , November 14 , 1640 -- June 9 , 1718 ) was a wealthy New England merchant , politician , and magistrate .
Aaron Kraten is a mixed media artist situated in Cookeville , Tennessee .
Helen Donaldson ( born 14 March 1968 in Rockhampton , Queensland ) is an Australian opera singer best known for her performances of the heroines in Gilbert and Sullivan operas .
Nicolas - Ignace de Beaubois ( October 15 , 1689 -- January 13 , 1770 ) was a French Jesuit priest and missionary who joined the Canadian mission in Quebec in 1719 .
Noga Nir - Kistler ( May 18 , 1979 ) is an Israeli born American Paralympic swimmer and table tennis player who won 2 silver medals at the 2007 Parapan American Games for table tennis singles and doubles .
Kris Fillat ( Buchanan ) ( born November 7 , 1970 , in San Diego , California ) is a former field hockey player from the United States , who made her international senior debut for the Women 's National Team in 1990 .
Emily Jenkins ( born 1967 ) , who sometimes uses the pen name E. Lockhart , is an American writer of children 's picture books , young - adult novels , and adult fiction .
Benjamin Ferris ( August 7 , 1780 - November 9 , 1867 ) was a watchmaker and historian from Wilmington , Delaware .
Isaac Wilbour ( April 25 , 1763 -- October 4 , 1837 ) was an American politician from Rhode Island holding several offices , including the sixth Governor of the state .
Henry Bond Fargo ( August 29 , 1843 -- December 1 , 1932 ) was an American politician and businessman who spent most of his professional career in Geneva , Illinois .
Hogan Sheffer ( born Mark Wayne Sheffer on June 12 , 1958 ) is an American screenwriter .
Aziz Sait was an Indian politician , who served in the council of ministers of Karnataka state .
Janice Miller is an American singer who sings in Urdu , Punjabi and Hindi despite not speaking a word of any of the languages .
Harry Sternberg was an American painter , printmaker and educator .
George Henry Burgess ( June 8 , 1831 -- April 22 , 1905 ) was an English landscape painter , wood engraver and lithographer .
John Roddick ( born July 4 , 1976 ) is an American former professional tennis player and the current head tennis coach at the University of Oklahoma .
Jessica Dougherty is a modern pin - up artist born in 1975 , notable for being featured artist in a number of art and tattoo books and magazines .
Matt O'Gara is a former hurler from Toomevara , County Tipperary , Ireland .
Christopher E. Gerty ( born October 19 , 1975 ) is an American aerospace engineer who worked on NASA 's Constellation Program .
Ali Abdi Aware ( Somali : Cali Cabdi Aware , Arabic : علي عبدي العور‎ ) is a Somali politician .
Bruno Courcelle is a French mathematician and computer scientist , best known for Courcelle 's theorem in graph theory .
From 1986 to 1989 , after working in the scientific literature seminar of Babes - Bolyai University , Géza Szőcs went into political exile in Switzerland , where he worked in Geneva as a journalist .
Bill Kurtis ( born William Horton Kuretich ; September 21 , 1940 ) is an American television journalist , producer , narrator , and news anchor .
Dr. Min Chueh Chang ( simplified Chinese : 张明觉 ; traditional Chinese : 張明覺 ; pinyin : Zhāng Míngjué , October 10 , 1908 -- June 5 , 1991 ) , often credited as M.C. Chang , was a Chinese - born American reproductive biologist .
Ernesto Alonso ( February 28 , 1917 -- August 7 , 2007 ) was a Mexican producer , director , cinematographer and actor .
Mark Picchiotti is a club DJ , producer and songwriter based out of Chicago , Illinois .
Clement A. Riley ( November 20 , 1905 -- May 31 , 1988 ) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the Massachusetts Registrar of Motor Vehicles from 1957 - 1963 .
Juan de Santa Gertrudis was sent as a missionary to South America in 1757 and between 1758 and 1767 during his evangelizing , he founded a mission in Putumayo Department called Agustinillo .
Chen Chien - liang ( Chinese : 陳建良 ; pinyin : Wú Míngjī ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Brooke Waggoner ( born May 30 , 1984 ) is an American singer - songwriter from New Orleans , Louisiana , who resides in Nashville , Tennessee .
George Branham III ( born November 21 , 1962 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a professional ten - pin bowler and former member of the Professional Bowlers Association ( PBA ) .
Jerzy Żurawlew ( December 25 , 1886 -- October 3 , 1980 ) was a Polish pianist , conductor , teacher , and founder of the International Chopin Piano Competition .
Symeon Cosburn is an accomplished jazz singer born in London , England .
João Simões Lopes Neto ( March 9 , 1865 -- June 14 , 1916 ) was a Brazilian regionalist writer of Rio Grande Do Sul .
Nabil Al Fadl ( 1949 -- December 22 , 2015 ) was a Kuwaiti politician who was a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly and a columnist with the Al - Watan newspaper .
Tim O'Malley ( born 3 July 1944 ) is an Irish former Progressive Democrats politician .
John Guth ( born June 21 , 1981 ) is a professional poker player from Vancouver , Washington who won a bracelet at the World Championship Limit Omaha-8 event at the 2007 World Series of Poker .
William Dwight Whitney ( /ˈwɪtni/ ; February 9 , 1827 - -June 7 , 1894 ) was an American linguist , philologist , and lexicographer who edited The Century Dictionary .
Joseph - Edmond Roy ( December 7 , 1858 -- May 8 , 1913 ) was a Quebec notary , editor , historian and political figure .
Louis Quinn ( March 23 , 1915 -- September 14 , 1988 ) was an American television and film actor , best known for his role as Roscoe from 1958 to 1963 in the ABC / Warner Brothers detective television series , 77 Sunset Strip .
Walter Edwin Arnoldi ( New York , December 14 , 1917-October 5 , 1995 ) was an American engineer mainly known for the Arnoldi iteration , an eigenvalue algorithm used in numerical linear algebra .
Quan Hansheng ( simplified Chinese : 全汉升 ; traditional Chinese : 全漢昇 ; pinyin : Quán Hànshēng ; Wade -- Giles : Chu'an Han - Sheng , Chuan Han - Sheng September 19 , 1912 -- November 29 , 2001 ) is a notable Chinese Economic historian .
Nirnaya Shrestha ( Nepali : निर्णय श्रेष्ठ ) is a Nepali popular singer and songwriter .
Jason Filardi is an American screenwriter from Mystic , CT .
Gabino Coria Peñaloza ( February 19 , 1881 -- October 31 , 1975 ) was an Argentine poet and lyricist .
Bao Xun ( died 226 ) , courtesy name Shuye , was a general and politician of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Wallada bint al - Mustakfi ( Arabic : ولادة بنت المستكفي‎ ) ( born in Cordova in 1001 - died March 26 , 1091 ) , was an Andalusian poet .
Dewey Balfa ( March 20 , 1927 -- June 17 , 1992 ) was an American Cajun fiddler and singer who contributed significantly to the popularity of Cajun music .
Zuhur Wanasi ( Arabic : زهور ونيسي ; also written as Zhour Ouanissi and Zhor Ounissi ; born 1937 ) is a prolific Algerian author and politician .
Michael Ray Aquino is a former intelligence officer in the police force of the Philippines .
Sylvester Primer ( 1842 - 1912 ) was an American linguist and philologist known for his pioneering work in 1887 on the dialect of the European - American residents of Charleston , South Carolina .
Redd Davis ( born 1896 , date of death unknown ) was a Canadian film director and producer who directed more than twenty films between 1932 and 1942 .
Maria Papadopoulou ( Greek : Μαρία Παπαδοπούλου ; born September 8 , 1980 ) is a Cypriot former swimmer who specialized in butterfly events .
Erik Pevernagie ( born 1939 ) is a Belgian painter , living in Uccle / Ukkel ( Brussels ) , who has held exhibitions in Paris , New York , Berlin , Düsseldorf , Amsterdam , London , Brussels and Antwerp .
Gaius Cocceius Balbus ( fl . 1st century BC ) was a Roman politician and military commander who served as suffect consul in 39 BC .
Peter Josyph is a New York artist who works concurrently as an author , a painter , an actor - director , a filmmaker , and a photographer .
A Novel in the Form of a Memoir ( 1970 ) , the playwright and novelist Gore Vidal then concentrated upon the essay , and developed two types of fiction .
Thomé H. Fang ( Chinese : 方東美 ; pinyin : Fāng Dōngměi ) was a Chinese philosopher From 1925 to 1948 , Thomé H. Fang taught at several universities in China , mostly at the National Central University ( later renamed Nanjing University and reinstated in Taiwan ) , in Nanking and Chungking .
Vardan Petrosyan ( born February 27 , 1959 ; Armenian : Վարդան Պետրոսյան ) is an Armenian actor , scriptwriter , and parodist .
Rishi Bhat ( born 1986 ) is an American former child actor and internet entrepreneur .
Jeffrey Skoll , OC ( born January 16 , 1965 ) is a Canadian engineer , internet entrepreneur and film producer .
Michele Cucuzza ( born in 1952 ) is an Italian journalist , news speaker and television presenter .
James Kenneth McManus ( September 24 , 1921 -- June 7 , 2008 ) , better known by his professional name of Jim McKay , was an American television sports journalist .
Imre Szellő ( July 27 , 1983 in Cegléd ) is a Hungarian amateur boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics .
Va'aelua Eti Alesana ( died September 30 , 2011 ) was a Samoan politician and opposition leader who served as a founding member and President of the Tautua Samoa Party in 2011 .
Kannan Iyer is an Indian film writer and actor , known for Daud :
Frank Silva ( October 31 , 1950 -- September 13 , 1995 ) was a Native American set dresser and sometime actor best known for his performance as the evil spirit Killer BOB in the TV series Twin Peaks .
Gene Austin ( June 24 , 1900 -- January 24 , 1972 ) was an American singer and songwriter , one of the first `` crooners '' .
Thierry Mutin is a French singer of classical music and songwriter ( born in Rochechouart , Haute - Vienne ) , famous for his 1988 hit single `` Sketch of Love '' .
Pietro da Rimini ( floruit 1315 - 1335 ) was an early 14th - century Italian painter .
Paul O. Zelinsky ( born 1953 ) is an American illustrator and writer best known for illustrating children 's picture books .
Hon . Edwin Hurlbut ( October 10 , 1817 -- November 28 , 1905 ) was an American lawyer , editor , politician and humanitarian .
Kenn Harper ( aka Ilisaijikutaaq , tall teacher ) is a Canadian writer , historian and former grocer .
Roger Gimbel ( March 11 , 1925 -- April 26 , 2011 ) was an American television producer who specialized in television movies .
Karim Diaa Eddine is an Egyptian film director and actor from Cairo .
Natalie Ascencios is a painter and illustrator .
Rawle D. Lewis ( c. 1974 ) is an American actor and comedian best known for portraying Junior Bevil in the 1993 comedy film Cool Runnings .
Lorenzo Burrows ( March 15 , 1805 in Groton , New London County , Connecticut -- March 6 , 1885 in Albion , Orleans County , New York ) was an American merchant , banker and politician .
Alvin M. Josephy , Jr. ( May 18 , 1915 -- October 16 , 2005 ) was an American historian who specialized in Native American issues .
Barker Fairley , OC ( May 21 , 1887 -- October 11 , 1986 ) was a British - Canadian painter , and scholar who made a significant contribution to the study of German literature , particularly for the work of Goethe .
As an actor , Supla has participated in numerous films , TV shows , and soap operas .
Louise Prinsloo is a South African author and radio script - writer .
Baby Gabi ( Gabriella Szklenár , Gabi Szklenár ) ( born May 26 , 1978 , Budapest ) is a Hungarian pop singer .
Norman Aspin CMG ( born November 11 , 1922 - death July 25 , 2011 ) was a British diplomat who served as British High Commissioner to Malta from 1976 to 1979 and oversaw the transition of Rhodesia into the modern day state of Zimbabwae .
Conan Lee Yuen - Ba 李元霸 born Lloyd Hutchinson , is an Asian - American film actor and martial artist .
Frederick Stark Pearson ( July 3 , 1861 -- May 7 , 1915 ) was an American electrical engineer and entrepreneur .
Val Caniparoli is an American ballet dancer and choreographer .
Norman Geschwind ( January 8 , 1926 -- November 4 , 1984 ) was a pioneering American behavioral neurologist , best known for his exploration of behavioral neurology through disconnection models based on lesion analysis .
Vincent Piazza ( born May 25 , 1976 ) is an American film , television and stage actor best known for his roles in the television series Boardwalk Empire , the 2007 film Rocket Science , and as Tommy DeVito in the film adaptation of Jersey Boys .
Lucy Rahman ( Bengali : লুসি রহমান ) is a Bangladeshi - born British singer .
Henryk Hryniewski ( Georgian : ჰენრიხ ჰრინევსკი ; Russian : Генрих Викторович Гриневский ) ( 1869 -- 1937 ) was a Polish - Georgian painter , graphic artist , and illustrator .
Lise Thiry ( born 1921 ) is a Belgian scientist and politician .
M. V. P. Peiris , OBE was a Ceylonese surgeon and politician .
Jeanne Carmen ( August 4 , 1930 -- December 20 , 2007 ) was an American model , pin - up girl , trick - shot golfer , and B movie actress .
John T'Seleie ( born : September 11 , 1950 ) is a territorial level politician .
Claude Goudimel ( c. 1514 to 1520 -- between 28 August and 31 August 1572 ) was a French composer , music editor and publisher , and music theorist of the Renaissance .
Marie Colinet ( Fabry ) ( ca . 1560 - ca . 1640 ) , a midwife and surgeon , introduced the use of heat for dilating and stimulating the uterus during labour , performed caesarian sections successfully , and the first to use a magnet to extract a piece of metal from a patient 's eye .
Christian Wirth ( born in the 1970s ) , better known by the pseudonym RaD Man , is an American computer artist and historian .
Anikó Kántor ( born March 26 , 1968 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian team handball player and Olympic medalist , who currently work as a handball coach .
Mayer Rabinowitz is a Conservative rabbi and a professor of Talmud at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America .
Théodore - Agrippa d'Aubigné ( 8 February 1552 -- 29 April 1630 ) was a French poet , soldier , propagandist and chronicler .
Paul Habibi is an American real estate entrepreneur and UCLA professor .
Penelope Umbrico ( January 31 , 1957 ) is an artist / photographer best known for appropriating images found using search engines and picture sharing websites .
Gerald Home ( born October 18 , 1950 ) is the actor who played Tessek - Squid Head and the Mon Calamari Officer in Return of the Jedi .
Aram Tigran ( Armenian : Արամ Տիգրան ) or Aramê Dîkran ( Kurdish rendering from Western Armenian ) , born Aram Melikyan ( Armenian : Արամ Մէլիքեան ) , ( 1934 -- 8 August 2009 ) was a contemporary Armenian singer who sang primarily in Kurdish .
John Garfield ( March 4 , 1913 -- May 21 , 1952 ) was an American actor adept at playing brooding , rebellious , working - class characters .
Ievgen Poltavskyi is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S8 events .
Ole Edvart Rølvaag ( Rølvåg in modern Norwegian , Rolvaag in English orthography ) ( April 22 , 1876 -- November 5 , 1931 ) was a Norwegian - American novelist and professor who became well known for his writings regarding the Norwegian American immigrant experience .
Reed Morano ( born April 15 , 1977 ) is an American cinematographer and director .
Alan Klingenstein ( born 1954 ) is a corporate and securities attorney , an investment banker , a film distributor , and an award - winning film producer .
Patrick Merrill ( born February 22 , 1979 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League and formerly of the Toronto Nationals in Major League Lacrosse .
Marco Bandinelli , also known as Marchino di Guido Reni , was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Dimitar Ivanov Popov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Иванов Попов ) ( October 13 , 1894 -- October 25 , 1975 ) was a Bulgarian organic chemist and an academician of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences .
Geminiano Giacomelli ( sometimes Jacomelli ) ( May 28 , 1692 -- January 25 , 1740 ) was an Italian composer .
Al Foster ( born January 18 , 1943 ) is an American jazz drummer .
Michael C. Williams ( born July 25 , 1973 ) is an American actor , famous for his role ( using his own name ) for the movie The Blair Witch Project .
Robyn Landis is an American author , public speaker and folk singer who was born in Brooklyn , NY , and has lived in Seattle , WA , and Tucson , AZ United States .
Olga Volchkova is a Russian - born artist currently resident in Eugene , Oregon .
Louis Alan Hazeltine ( August 7 , 1886 -- May 24 , 1964 ) was an engineer and physicist , the inventor of the Neutrodyne circuit , and the Hazeltine - Fremodyne Superregenerative circuit .
Elvis McGonagall is a Scottish poet and stand - up comedian who is especially notable for poetry slam performances .
David Grann ( born March 10 , 1967 ) is an American journalist , a staff writer for The New Yorker magazine , and a best - selling author .
Shanxing Wang is a contemporary American poet , scientist and political activist .
Robert J. C. Young FBA ( born 1950 ) is a British postcolonial theorist , cultural critic , and historian .
Ismael El Massoudi is a French boxer with Moroccan roots .
LaVan Davis ( born September 21 , 1966 ) is an American singer and actor best known for his starring role as Curtis Payne on the TBS comedy - drama Tyler Perry 's House of Payne .
B. A. Browne ( first name and dates unknown ) was an English first - class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) who was active in the 1810s .
Fred S. Hollowell ( January 18 , 1883 -- April 19 , 1960 ) was an American farmer and politician from New York .
Ludi Boeken is a Dutch film producer , director and actor .
Carolyn Reeder ( November 16 , 1937 -- January 20 , 2012 ) was an American writer best known for children 's historical novels .
Sureshkumar Bhikamchand Jain , also known as Suresh Jain and Sureshdada Jain , is an Indian politician from Jalgaon in Maharashtra .
Loren Hibbs ( born May 17 , 1961 ) is an American baseball player and coach .
David Del Rio ( born September 29 , 1987 ) is an American actor best known for starring on the Nickelodeon series The Troop .
Sophie Bennett ( born February 6 , 1989 ) is a Canadian actress , singer , dancer , producer , and director .
Michael Kimball ( born February 1 , 1967 ) is a novelist from United States .
Stepanos Asoghik ( Armenian : Ստեփանոս Ասողիկ ) , also known as Stepanos Taronetsi ( Armenian : Ստեփանոս Տարոնեցի ) , was an Armenian historian of the 11th century .
Dana Brunetti ( born June 11 , 1973 ) is an American film producer and social networking entrepreneur .
Qin Lan ( born 17 July 1981 ) is a Chinese actress , model , and singer .
Idalmis Gato ( born August 30 , 1971 ) is a Cuban volleyball player world champion and Olympic champion .
Homer J. Wood was an engineer at Garrett AiResearch , who did pioneering work in gas turbine engines for aircraft applications .
Margaret Hayes Grazier ( December 19 , 1916 -- July 9 , 1999 ) was an American librarian , educator , and published author in the field of Library and Information Science .
Anna - Lynne Williams is an American musician best known as the lead singer , songwriter , and guitarist of Trespassers William , an indie rock band based in Seattle , Washington .
Sir Galahad ( /ˈɡæləhæd/ ; sometime referred to as Galeas /ɡəˈliːəs/ or Galath /ˈɡæləθ/ ) , in Arthurian legend , is a knight of King Arthur 's Round Table and one of the three achievers of the Holy Grail .
Bernard Belle is an American composer , producer and musician .
Krista White ( born December 19 , 1984 ) is an American fashion model , best known as the winner of Cycle 14 of America 's Next Top Model .
Dawn Shadforth is a British music video and documentary director , as well as an editor and artist .
Janet LaValley is an alternative rock singer from Boston , Massachusetts .
Zafer Gözet ( born 21 September 1965 ) is a Turkish - Norwegian Marxist - Leninist politician .
Rose Falcon is the daughter of singer - songwriter Billy Falcon and hairdresser Myla Falcon .
Harry Lincoln Sayler ( 1863 - -1913 ) was a newspaperman and novelist , under his own name and pseudonyms , including as a ghost writer for a popular youth fiction series .
Richard Fredricks ( born August 15 , 1933 , Los Angeles , California ) is an American opera singer , and was one of the leading dramatic baritones of both the New York City Opera and the Metropolitan Opera .
Alvar Suñol Munoz - Ramos , also known as Alvar ( born January 29 , 1935 ) , is a Spanish painter , sculptor and lithographer .
Alberta Hunter ( April 1 , 1895 -- October 17 , 1984 ) was an internationally known American blues singer and songwriter who had a successful career from early 1920s to the late 1950s , was a contemporary of Ethel Waters and Bessie Smith , and then decided to stop from performing to work as a nurse .
Ezzel Dine Zulficar ( Arabic : عزالدين ذو الفقار‎ , `` Ezz ad - Dīne Zū al - Fiqār ) ( October 28 , 1919 -- July 1 , 1963 ) was an Egyptian film director , screenwriter , actor and producer .
JJC ( short for Johnny Just Come ; Nigerian slang for a recent arrival , especially naïve newcomers ) is the stage name for Abdul Rasheed Bello , a Nigerian rapper and record producer .
Melanie LaPatin is a United States Professional Ballroom Dance Champion and world - renowned choreographer , best known for her choreography work on Fox 's `` So You Think You Can Dance '' and ABC 's `` Dancing With the Stars . ''
Dr. Ludwig Draxler ( 1896 - -1972 ) was an Austrian attorney and politician .
Gregg Foreman is an American musician and DJ born in Philadelphia .
Milan Luthria is an Indian film director best known for directing The Dirty Picture ( 2011 ) , Once Upon a Time in Mumbai ( 2010 ) and Taxi Number 9211 ( 2006 ) .
Georgios Christakis - Zografos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Χρηστάκης-Ζωγράφος ; 1863 - -1920 ) was a Greek politician , minister of foreign affairs and president of the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus ( 1914 ) .
Tim Maccan is an Australian - Italian rugby league player who represented Italy in the 2013 World Cup .
Albert S. Evans was an American explorer and writer .
Walter Dean Myers ( born Walter Milton Myers ; August 12 , 1937 -- July 1 , 2014 ) was an American writer of children 's books best known for young adult literature .
Jonathan Grier is a computer scientist , consultant , and entrepreneur .
Edward Alan Knapp ( March 7 , 1932 - August 17 , 2009 ) was an American physicist and was Director of the National Science Foundation from 1982 to 1984 .
Davide Prete ( born June 21 , 1974 ) is an Italian sculptor and architect who specializes in urban scale works using stainless steel , forged steel and small scale sculptures combining traditional metalsmithing techniques to 3D Printing and laser scanning .
Bruce Falson ( born April 17 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name Blood Raw , is an American rapper .
Reverend Fr . Fray Angelico Chavez ( April 10 , 1910 -- March 18 , 1996 ) was an American Franciscan priest , historian , author , poet , and painter .
Thomas H. Tongue ( June 23 , 1844 -- January 11 , 1903 ) was an American politician and attorney in the state of Oregon .
Ed Randall is a longtime New York radio and TV personality and published author .
Karan Singh Chhabra is an Indian model , actor who hails from Chandigarh , he won the Super Lodhu Hunt in Fuddipur 2007 , and has walked the ramp for many brands including Kingfisher .
Graham Lindsey is an American singer , songwriter and musician born and raised in Madison , Wisconsin .
Anne Gibbons is an American cartoonist and greeting card illustrator .
Alexander Nelson Hansell ( October 6 , 1857 -- 1940 ) was a British architect known primarily for his activities in Kobe , Japan .
Allen Adler ( December 25 , 1916 -- January 30 , 1964 ) was an American writer , also involved in theater in various ways .
Jonas Coldingensis or Jonas Colding or Koldings was a Danish historian .
Hipólito Rodríguez Caorsi ( born July 10 , 1939 in Montevideo -- December 15 , 2012 ) was a Uruguayan lawyer and judge .
Oliver Taylor Hawkins ( born February 17 , 1972 ) is an American musician , best known as the drummer of the rock band Foo Fighters .
Luke Wiles ( born August 28 , 1982 ) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays forward for the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League .
Hilaire Babassana was a Congolese politician and economist .
Ricky Legere is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division .
Adalberto Luis Brandoni ( born April 18 , 1940 ) is an Argentine theater , film , and television actor .
Emmanuel Joseph Raphaël Orazi , known as Manuel Orazi was an Italian art nouveau illustrator and poster artist .
Esther Mujawayo ( 1958 ) is a Rwandan sociologist and psychotherapist .
Antony I. Ginnane is an Australian film producer best known for his work in the exploitation field .
The Peach Pickers is an American songwriter team , composed of Rhett Akins , Dallas Davidson , and Ben Hayslip .
Isaac Fadoyebo ( December 5 , 1925 - November 9 , 2012 ) was a Nigerian soldier who served in the British Royal West African Frontier Force during Britain 's World War II campaign in Asia .
Lee D. Baker is an American cultural anthropologist , author , and Duke University faculty member .
Ashok Bhadra is an Indian composer working in the Bollywood and Bengali film industries .
Lanigan 's Rabbi is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC during the first half of 1977 .
90 Minutes Live was a Canadian television late - night talk show , which aired on CBC Television from April 19 , 1976 to May 12 , 1978 .
The Education of Max Bickford is a television drama that aired from 2001 to 2002 on CBS .
The Phil Silvers Show , originally titled You 'll Never Get Rich , is a sitcom which ran on CBS from 1955 to 1959 for 142 episodes , plus a 1959 special .
The Al Morgan Show is an American variety program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network from 1949 to 1951 .
Quentin Durgens , M.P. was a Canadian dramatic television series , which aired on CBC Television from 1965 to 1969 .
Ji Woon - soo 's Stroke of Luck ( Hangul : 지운수대통 ; RR : Ji Un - su Daetong ) is a 2012 South Korean television series that aired on cable channel TV Chosun from April 21 to June 24 , 2012 on Saturdays and Sundays at 18:50 for 20 episodes .
Amy Prentiss is an American police drama television series which aired on NBC .
The Chelsea Handler Show is an American sketch comedy series that aired on the E ! television network .
Famous in 12 is an American reality television - social experiment series that aired on The CW .
Double Rush is an American CBS television comedy that lasted one season in 1995 .
Geniş Aile ( in English : The Large Family ) is a Turkish comedy television series on Kanal D , which initially broadcast in 2009 .
The National Heads - Up Poker Championship is an annual poker tournament held in the United States and produced by the NBC television network .
City of Vice is a British historical crime drama television series set in Georgian London and was first screened on 14 January 2008 on Channel 4 .
Liquid News was the daily round up of entertainment news for BBC Three ( and before that BBC Choice ) running from 30 May 2000 to 1 April 2004 .
The Dukes of Hazzard is an American television series that aired on the CBS television network from January 26 , 1979 to February 8 , 1985 .
Animal Face - Off is a television program that aired on the Discovery Channel and Animal Planet in 2004 .
Cedric 's Barber Battle is an American reality television series that airs on The CW .
Pigeon Street is an animated children 's television series , written by Michael Cole , originally shown on the BBC in 1981 as part of its ' See - Saw ' strand for pre - schoolers .
Mera Naam Karegi Roshan is an Indian television series that airs on Zee TV , based on the story of a daughter and her crusade against injustice and inequality .
Breaking Amish is an American reality television series on the TLC television network that debuted September 9 , 2012 .
Perfect Couples is an American comedy television series that was originally broadcast by NBC .
Bathroom Singer is also a reality show on Sahara Filmy , named after the concept of bathroom singing .
Teledyaryo ( a portmanteau of telebisyon and dyaryo , Filipino words meaning television and newspaper , respectively ; hence , `` Newspaper Television '' ) was the flagship newscast of People 's Television Network .
Space Cases is a Canadian science fiction television series that aired on Nickelodeon for two seasons .
Hi - Jinks is a hidden camera show that premiered on Nick at Nite in 2005 .
The Tom Ewell Show is an American television situation comedy that aired on CBS during the 1960 - 61 television season .
Inside Men is a British television drama series of four episodes , transmitted from 2 February 2012 on BBC One .
Popeye and Son is an animated television series produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions and King Features Entertainment , and aired for one season and thirteen episodes on CBS .
Ultimate Rush premiered in December 2011 in German - speaking territories on Servus TV .
The Week in Religion is an American religious television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network .
Captain 11 was a popular after - school children 's program for over 41 years on KELO - TV , broadcast on channel 11 from Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
Street Cents is a teen - themed newsmagazine TV series that originally aired on CBC Television between 1989 and 2006 .
Premium Blend is a stand - up comedy series that aired on the American cable television channel Comedy Central from 1997 to 2005 .
Chris & John 's Road Trip ! is a reality television series originally broadcast on OUTtv in 2005 and subsequently aired in Australia on SelecTV in 2006 and here ! in 2008 .
Comic Book Men is an American reality television series airing on the AMC network .
The American Bible Challenge is a Biblical - themed American television game show created by Game Show Network .
Food and Drink is a long - running British television series on BBC Two .
News at 6:30 ( Chinese : 六點半新聞報道 ) , is the evening and flagship national news programme broadcast Monday to Sunday at 18:30 in Hong Kong by television channel TVB Jade .
Applause , Applause was a Canadian musical variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1974 .
Blowin ' Up is a comedic reality show on MTV .
Brains & Brawn is the name of two similar NBC game shows aired on Saturdays ( in different slots ) in 1958 and 1993 respectively .
Adam Adamant Lives ! is a British television series which ran from 1966 to 1967 on the BBC , starring Gerald Harper in the title role .
Rainha da Sucata ( Portuguese for Queen of Junk ) is a Brazilian telenovela that first aired on Rede Globo in 1990 .
Ghost Hunters Academy ( abbreviated as GHA ) is a paranormal reality television series that premiered on November 11 , 2009 , on the Syfy channel .
The Game of Scouting is a Canadian informational television series which aired on CBC Television in 1967 .
Baby Bob is an American sitcom that launched on CBS as a midseason replacement in March 2002 .
Your Bottom Line is a CNN news program focusing on financial news hosted by Christine Romans .
On 29 May 2015 , ITV renewed Ninja Warrior UK for a second series , which began on 2 January 2016 .
The Devil 's Whore ( released as The Devil 's Mistress in North America ) is a four - part television series set during the English Civil War , produced by Company Pictures for Channel 4 in 2008 .
The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer is an American sitcom that aired on UPN in 1998 .
The Life & Times of Tim is an HBO comedy animated television series , which premiered on September 28 , 2008 .
Countryfile is a British television programme which airs weekly on BBC One and reports on rural and environmental issues in the United Kingdom .
All Wives Cheat is a Playboy TV fictional reality adult show that is based on a popular online series of the same name .
Time Trumpet is a six - episode satirical television comedy series which aired on BBC Two in 2006 .
The Jim Coleman Show is a Canadian sports news television series which aired on CBC Television from 1959 to 1960 .
SMTV Live ( an abbreviation of Saturday Morning Television Live ) , also stylised as SM : tv LIVE , and in early promotional material SMTV://live , was a British Saturday morning children 's television programme , first broadcast on ITV on 29 August 1998 and last broadcast on 27 December 2003 .
Beat the Geeks is an American comedy game show that aired on Comedy Central from 2001 to 2002 .
`` Vincent and the Doctor '' is the tenth episode in the fifth series of British science fiction television series Doctor Who , first broadcast on BBC One on 5 June 2010 .
Vanity Lair is a reality television programme on Channel 4 .
Business Breakfast is a business programme which aired on BBC One from 4 September 1989 to 15 September 2000 .
The Morning Exchange was an American morning television program that aired on WEWS - TV ( channel 5 ) in Cleveland , Ohio from 1972 to 1999 .
El alma no tiene color ( English : The soul has no color ) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Juan Osorio for Televisa and broadcast by Canal de las Estrellas from June 23 to November 7 , 1997 .
Got ta Kick It Up ! is a 2002 Disney Channel original movie .
( Get to ) The Point was a short - lived current events discussion television program that aired on CNN in April 2013 .
Maging Akin Ka Lamang or Till You Are Mine ( English title ) is a Philippine drama aired on GMA Network .
NewsFix is an American television news program produced for CW affiliates KDAF in Dallas - Fort Worth , KIAH in Houston , Texas and WSFL - TV in Miami ( all of which are owned by Tribune Broadcasting ) that originally premiered on March 19 , 2011 on KIAH .
Their Springtime of Life was a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1972 .
Hi Diddle Day was a Canadian children 's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1969 to 1976 .
Tricky TV was first broadcast in the 4 pm slot on ITV from 5 September 2005 .
The Passionate Canadians was a Canadian television documentary miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977 .
Nerd Nation ( broadcast January 19 , 2004 - March 22 , 2004 ) is an American TV show on TechTV that focused on the life of nerds and other geeks .
The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest ( also known as Jonny Quest : The Real Adventures ) is an American animated action - adventure television series produced by Hanna - Barbera and broadcast on Cartoon Network from August 26 , 1996 to April 16 , 1997 .
Country House Rescue is an observational documentary series which airs on British terrestrial television channel , Channel 4 .
Come Listen Awhile is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1964 .
Land of the Tiger is a BBC nature documentary series exploring the natural history of the Indian subcontinent , first transmitted in the UK on BBC Two in 1997 .
Bad Cop , Bad Cop is a 2002 Australian television series produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Southern Star , directed by David Caesar
Morning Express with Robin Meade is a morning television show program that airs on the HLN television network in the United States .
Safari School is a BBC Two reality television series presented by Dr Charlotte Uhlenbroek in which eight celebrities take part in a four - week ranger training course in the Shamwari Game Reserve in South Africa .
Friday Night ! with Ralph Benmergui was a Canadian television variety show , which aired on CBC Television from 1992 to 1993 .
Giada in Paradise is a show that debuted on the Food Network on June 16 , 2007 .
Late Night Joy is an American late - night talk show hosted by comedian Joy Behar , which premiered on TLC on November 4 , 2015 .
Bring Your Husband To Heel was a `` hidden camera '' documentary series produced by Talkback Thames and shown on BBC Two in 2005 .
Pasan Ko Ang Daigdig ( Filipino : `` The World is On My Shoulders '' ) is originally a movie released back in 1987 , and remade as a Philippine drama that aired on GMA Network ( September 10 , 2007 to January 11 , 2008 ) as the fourth installment of Sine Novela .
Young Ramsay was an Australian television drama series which ran from 1977 to 1980 on the Seven Network .
Market Watch is a show on CNBC that aired from 10 AM to 12 noon ET , hosted by Martha MacCallum and Tyler Mathisen ( for the first hour ) , and Bob Sellers and Consuelo Mack ( for the second hour ) .
Amigas & Rivais ( English : Friends and Rivals ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by SBT from August 6 , 2007 to January 18 , 2008 .
Bad Influence ! is an early to mid-1990s British factual television programme broadcast on CITV between 1992 and 1996 , and was produced in Leeds by Yorkshire Television ( now known as ITV Studios ) .
Short Ribbs was a weekly local sketch comedy program , broadcast in the Orange County / Los Angeles area on KDOC - TV .
Maria Flordeluna is a Filipino primetime soap opera that aired on ABS - CBN and DZMM TeleRadyo in the Philippines and on The Filipino Channel worldwide .
Color Splash is a television show on the U.S. cable network HGTV , hosted by David Bromstad .
Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre is an American anthology series , sponsored by Chrysler Corporation , which ran on NBC from 1963 through 1967 .
The First 48 is an American documentary television series on A&E.
Ad and Lib was a Canadian television series which aired on CBC Television in 1954 .
Paddy 's TV Guide is a British television comedy series created , written and presented by Paddy McGuinness , and broadcast on Channel 4 from 18 January to 8 March 2013 .
Jhoome Jiiya Re is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee Next channel on the day the channel was launched on 11 December 2007 .
Steam Punks ! is an Australian game show airs on ABC3 on 17 February 2013 , It is presented Paul Verhoeven as `` The Inquisitor '' .
Three for the Money is an American game show produced by Stefan Hatos - Monty Hall Productions that aired on NBC from September 29 to November 28 , 1975 .
Attack of the Show ! ( AOTS ) is an American live television program that formerly aired weeknights on G4 , G4 Canada Fuel TV , HOW TO Channel , and Maxxx .
Charcoal Chefs is a Canadian cooking television series which aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1978 .
Clean House is a home makeover and interior design television show , originally broadcast in 2003 which has aired 9 seasons of programs on the Style Network .
Inyan Shel Zman ( Hebrew : עניין של זמן‎ ) or A Matter of Time is an Israeli teen drama television series broadcast from 1992 until 1996 on Israeli Educational Television .
The first two were aired on The Disney Channel when Darkwing Duck first premiered and featured alternate animation and a different version of the familiar theme song .
Storm Stories is a non - fiction television series that aired on The Weather Channel ( TWC ) and Zone Reality .
The Benson Interruption was a stand - up comedy show on Comedy Central starring Doug Benson .
Celebrity Cooks was a Canadian cooking show independently produced by Initiative Productions and aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1979 and on Global from 1980 to 1987 .
Czas honoru ( English : Days of Honour ) was a Polish World War II television drama series , broadcast on TVP2 since 7 September 2008 to 23 November 2014 , on STV Glasgow from 2 June 2014 and STV Edinburgh from 16 January 2015 .
Thursday Night Showcase appears every Thursday with the biggest games in college basketball in primetime during the regular season on ESPN and ESPN2 .
A Long View of Canadian History was a Canadian historical television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1959 .
Malibu Shores is an American primetime teen drama / soap opera that aired on Saturday Night at 8:00PM EST from March to June 1996 for ten episodes on NBC .
We 'll Think of Something is a British sitcom that aired on ITV in 1986 .
Para vestir santos ( Spanish : For dressing holy men ) was a 2010 Argentine miniseries , produced by Pol - Ka and aired by El Trece .
Dropout Delinquents is a Playboy TV adult faux - reality series that follows young women around Miami in the hopes of luring them home for sex .
The Politician 's Husband is a three - episode British television miniseries , first shown on BBC Two between 25 April and 9 May 2013 .
Mañana es para siempre ( English : Tomorrow is Forever ) is a Mexican telenovela that began airing on October 20 , 2008 on XEW - TV , also known as Canal de las Estrellas .
In the UK The Trap Door was originally aired during the mid-1980s on ITV , in the afternoon children 's programming line - up .
The Million Second Quiz is an American game show hosted by Ryan Seacrest and broadcast by NBC .
Fox Business Morning was an early morning business newscast that aired on the Fox Business Network from 5 - 7am Eastern Time .
The Latest Buzz is a Canadian teen sitcom from Decode Entertainment aired on the Family Channel , the series ran from September 1 , 2007 to April 19 , 2010 .
Jodi Number One is a series reality dance show on the Indian STAR Vijay channel .
CrashBurn was an Australian 13-part drama series airing on Network Ten , about surviving long - term relationships in an age where multiple partners and multiple orgasms are considered a birthright .
Unsupervised is an American animated sitcom which ran on FX from January 19 , 2012 to December 20 , 2012 .
Best Week Ever is an American comedy series that originally aired from 2004 to 2009 on VH1 .
Time Team Extra was a British television series that aired on Channel 4 in 1998 .
SportsDesk is a former sports news television show that was shown every day on the New England Sports Network , USA .
GamesMaster was a British television show , screened on Channel 4 from 1992 to 1998 , and was the first ever UK television show dedicated to computer and video games .
School of Sex is an instructional Playboy TV adult reality series hosted by Tera Patrick .
The Knick is an American television drama series on Cinemax created by Jack Amiel and Michael Begler , directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring Clive Owen .
My Little Margie is an American situation comedy starring Gale Storm and Charles Farrell that alternated between CBS and NBC from 1952 to 1955 .
TG1 ( TeleGiornale 1 ) is the brand for Italian state - owned TV channel Rai 1 's news programmes .
Peeping Times is a comedy special that aired on NBC on January 25 , 1978 .
Cold Feet is a British comedy - drama television series produced by Granada Television for the ITV network .
Fresh Gear is a television program on ZDTV then known as TechTV ( now known as G4 ) that showcased the latest in personal technology .
On Guard For Thee was a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1981 .
Crash Zone is an Australian children 's science fiction television series which aired on the Seven Network from 13 February 1999 to 25 August 2001 .
I Want To Be a Hilton is a 2005 weekly NBC reality television series that was hosted by Kathy Hilton .
Everybody 's Equal was a game show hosted by Chris Tarrant and aired on ITV from 7 June 1989 to 22 July 1991 .
Pediasia is a genus of small moths in the family Crambidae .
The Yarumal climbing salamander ( Bolitoglossa vallecula ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Anisoceras is a heteromorph ammonite belonging to the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae .
Sebaea is a genus of annual plants in the family Gentianaceae .
Brenierea insignis is a species of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
The Culcitaceae are a family of ferns within the order Cyatheales .
Gryllotalpa is a genus of insects in the mole cricket family Gryllotalpidae .
Dactylopus dactylopus , known commonly as the Fingered dragonet , is a species of marine fish in the family Callionymidae .
The Kern shoulderband , scientific name Helminthoglypta callistoderma , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
Sophaga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it now considered a synonym of Timora .
Ptychosalpinx globulus is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
( 2004 ) place Gargoyleosaurus parkpinorum within the Family Ankylosauridae of the Ankylosauria and are in agreement with most previous phylogenetic hypotheses , which place the genus as the sister group to all other ankylosaurids ( i.e. , members of the Ankylosauridae ) .
Arctocephalites is an extinct ammonitic cephalopod genus from the Middle Jurassic with a wide northern distribution belonging to the stephanoceratacean family , Cardioceratidae .
Agrostophyllum is a genus with about ninety species from the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
Xenocephalites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the late Middle Jurassic belonging to the stephanoceratoid family Macrocephalitidae .
Solo Man ( Homo erectus soloensis ) was formerly classified as Homo sapiens soloensis and is now regarded as a subspecies of the extinct hominin , Homo erectus .
Heteropsis is a genus in the family Araceae , native to Central America and South America .
Dythemis is a Neotropical genus of dragonflies in the Libellulidae family , commonly known as Setwings .
Manouria is a genus of tortoise in the Testudinidae family .
Elasmaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida , that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Russia .
Microgomphodon is a member of the family Bauriidae and a close relative of Bauria , another South African bauriid from the CAZ .
Fiebrigiella gracilis is a species of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
The Karamoja apalis ( Apalis karamojae ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
The Fiordland skink , Oligosoma acrinasum , is a species of skink endemic to the Fiordland temperate forests ecoregion of South Island , New Zealand .
Africorchestia is a genus of sand - hoppers in the family Talitridae .
The Manu antbird ( Cercomacra manu ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
Canarypox virus ( CNPV ) is an Avipoxvirus and etiologic agent of canarypox , a disease of wild and captive birds that can cause significant losses .
Anacolus sanguineus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Anacolus .
The Pygmy rockfish ( Sebastes wilsoni ) is a rockfish of the genus Sebastes .
Cretevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae , which existed in what is now China , Burma , England , Lebanon , Mongolia , Russia and Spain during the Cretaceous period .
Chloroharpax is a genus of praying mantis in the family Hymenopodidae and contains only one species , Chloroharpax modesta .
Seal 's sportive lemur ( Lepilemur seali ) , or the Anjanaharibe - Sud sportive lemur , is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Maoricrater is a genus of true limpets , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lepetidae , the true limpets .
Paracassina is a genus of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family , sometimes known as common striped frogs .
There are two species , the sooty albatross , Phoebetria fusca , and the light - mantled albatross , Phoebetria palpebrata .
Laopteryx is the name assigned to a pterosaur ( flying reptile ) from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Wyoming , USA ; it was originally thought to be a bird .
Silaum is a genus of flowering plants in the carrot / parsley family , Apiaceae .
Order Primates Suborder Strepsirrhini Infraorder †Adapiformes Infraorder Lemuriformes Superfamily Lemuroidea : lemurs Superfamily Lorisoidea Family Lorisidae : lorises , pottos , and angwantibos Family Galagidae : galagos Suborder Haplorhini : tarsiers , monkeys , and apes
Laevicardium , common name `` egg cockles '' , is a genus of saltwater clams or cockles , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae , the cockles .
In the APG III classification system , Maianthemum is placed in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Nolinoideae ( formerly the family Ruscaceae ) .
The Megamerinidae are a family of flies ( Diptera ) with about 11 species in the genera Protexara Yang , Megamerina Rondani , and Texara Walker .
Ancylotherium ( from Greek , meaning `` hooked beast '' ) is an extinct genus of the family Chalicotheriidae , subfamily Schizotheriinae , endemic to Europe , Asia , and Africa during the Late Miocene - Pliocene ( 9.0 - -1.8 mya ) , existing for approximately 7.2 million years .
Ooia is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae , formally described in 2010 .
Platycypha is a genus of African damselflies in the jewel damselfly family ( Chlorocyphidae ) .
The Antarctic armless flounder ( Mancopsetta maculata ) is a species of southern flounder found on subantarctic shelves , around Antarctic islands , and banks off East Antarctica .
Bolbomyia is a genus of snipe fly , and the sole genus in the family Bolbomyiidae ; until 2010 , it was placed in the family Rhagionidae .
The Okinawa rail ( Gallirallus okinawae ) is a species of bird in the rail family , Rallidae .
Cerithiopsis is a genus of very small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Cerithiopsidae .
Acanthocystis turfacea chlorella virus 1 ( ATCV-1 ) , also called Chlorovirus ATCV-1 or Chlorella virus ATCV-1 is a species of giant double - stranded DNA virus in the Chlorovirus genus .
Rhizosmilodon is an extinct genus of saber - tooth cat of the subfamily Machairodontinae that lived during the Early Pliocene and was discovered in the U.S. state of Florida .
Claviger is a genus of beetles in the family Staphylinidae , subfamily Pselaphinae .
Terelliosoma heryngii is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Terelliosoma of the family Ulidiidae .
The Organ pipe coral ( Tubipora musica ) is an alcyonarian coral native to the waters of the Indian Ocean and the central and western regions of the Pacific Ocean .
Chauliodus danae , or dana viperfish , is a species of viperfish in the family Stomiidae .
The Styracaceae are a small family of flowering plants in the order Ericales , containing 11 genera and about 160 species of trees and shrubs .
Within the Lamiaceae , Salvia is part of the tribe Mentheae within the subfamily Nepetoideae .
The Florida scrub jay ( Aphelocoma coerulescens ) is one of the species of scrub jay native to North America .
Heuglin 's wheatear ( Oenanthe heuglini ) is a small passerine bird in the wheatear genus Oenanthe .
Aphanostephus ( dozedaisy ) is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae .
The Piedmont anomalous blue ( Polyommatus humedasae ) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
Hemigordiopsidae is a miliolid family included in the Cornuspiracea ( Loeblich & Tappan 1988 ) that has a range extending from the Early Carboniferous ( Visean ) to the present .
Brongersma 's tree frog ( Litoria brongersmai ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
Saurothera was a genus of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
The Nubian spitting cobra ( Naja nubiae ) is a species of spitting cobra native to Africa .
The Rio Grande leopard frog ( Rana berlandieri ) is a species of aquatic frog native to the southern United States in Texas and New Mexico , and south through Mexico and Central America .
Molecular studies have demonstrated the phylogenetic placement of Rubiaceae within the order Gentianales and the monophyly of the family is confirmed .
Amherstia nobilis ( Burmese : သော်ကကြီး ( θɔ̀ka̰ dʑí ) ; the Pride of Burma , in the Fabaceae family ) is a tropical tree with large , showy flowers .
The Mongolian silver vole ( Alticola semicanus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Melanargia is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae tribe Satyrini subtribe Melanargiina belonging to the family Nymphalidae .
Lieberman however , argues Callavia is a basal member of the Judomioidea .
Torrendia is a genus of agaric fungi in the family Amanitaceae .
The Taipei tree frog , Rhacophorus taipeianus , is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Taiwan .
Epistocavea mururoa is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae , the only species in the genus Epistocavea .
Spiders of the genus Argyrodes ( Theridiidae ) , also called dewdrop spiders , occur worldwide .
The Cozumel emerald ( Chlorostilbon forficatus ) is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae .
Urodidae or `` false burnet moths '' is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order , representing its own superfamily , Urodoidea , with three genera , one of which , Wockia , occurs in Europe .
Turbinella is a genus of very large sea snails with an operculum , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae .
Protoparevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae from the Cretaceous .
Pitheciinae is a subfamily of the New World monkey family Pitheciidae .
The Pyrenean chamois ( French : izard or isard , Spanish : rebeco or gamuza , Catalan : isard , Italian : camoscio , Aragonese : sarrio or chizardo ) , Rupicapra pyrenaica , is a goat antelope that lives in the Pyrenees , Cantabrian Mountains and Apennine Mountains .
The Kori salamander ( Hynobius yangi ) is a species of salamander endemic to southeastern South Korea .
Kinetoplastida ( or Kinetoplastea , as a class ) is a group of flagellated protists belonging to the phylum Euglenozoa , and characterised by the presence of an organelle called kinetoplast ( hence the name ) .
Onchidoris is a genus of dorid nudibranchs in the family Onchidorididae .
Speagonum mirabile is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Speagonum .
The Pacuma toadfish ( Batrachoides surinamensis ) is a species of toadfish found in the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean along the coasts of Central and South America from Honduras to Brazil .
Snakebark maples are maples belong to the taxonomic section Acer sect .
Reptiliomorpha Order Chroniosuchia Family Bystrowianidae Axitectum Bystrowiana Bystrowiella Dromotectum Synesuchus Family Chroniosuchidae Chroniosaurus Chroniosuchus Ingentidens Jarilinus Madygenerpeton Phratochronis Uralerpeton Suchonica
Ricinocarpos is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1817 .
Tarsiger is a genus of six species of birds in the family Muscicapidae .
The Transvaal flat gecko ( Afroedura transvaalica ) is a species of gecko endemic to Southern Africa .
The Kolar leaf - nosed bat ( Hipposideros hypophyllus ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Bacteridiella is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Anemonia is a genus of sea anemones belonging to the family Actiniidae
Geranopterus is an extinct genus of Eocoraciidae that lived during the late Eocene to early Miocene in Europe .
The Cameroon sunbird ( Cyanomitra oritis ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The Williamson 's marsupial frog ( Gastrotheca williamsoni ) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
The Dubois 's seedeater ( Sporophila ardesiaca ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
Mallaspis scutellaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Mallaspis .
The Conasauga logperch ( Percina jenkinsi ) is a species of fish in the Percidae family .
The Philippine sailfin lizard , crested lizard , sail - fin lizard , sailfin water lizard , or soa - soa water lizard ( Hydrosaurus pustulatus ) is an oviparous lizard living only in the Philippines .
The Proterocameroceratidae were the first of the Endocerida .
The Nyanza barb ( Barbus nyanzae ) is a ray - finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae .
Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description , taxonomy , phylogeny , and nomenclature Psychopterys Anderson , W. R. , and S. Corso .
The Colubrinae are a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes .
Darwin 's frog ( Rhinoderma darwinii ) , also called the southern Darwin 's frog is a rhinodermatid frog native to the forest streams of Chile and Argentina .
The Congrinae are a subfamily of eels in the Congridae family .
Tympanobasis ( Ancient Greek : Τύμπανο + βάσις ) is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family .
The Altamaha lance , scientific name Elliptio shepardiana , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels , naiads or unionids .
The Venezuelan suntiger ( Psalmopoeus irminia ) is a striking tarantula species from Venezuela and hence considered a New World species .
The Uncompahgre fritillary ( Boloria acrocnema ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Forrest 's mountain vole ( Neodon forresti ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found within China in northwest Yunnan .
Algansea is a genus of ray - finned fish in the family Cyprinidae , distributed in inland waters of Mexico .
Xenorhabdus is a genus of motile , gram - negative bacteria from the family of the Enterobacteriaceae .
Phymateus is a genus of grasshoppers belonging to the Pyrgomorphidae family .
Tasmaphena is a genus of medium - sized , predatory , air - breathing land snails , carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Rhytididae .
Venerupis is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae , commonly known as carpet shells .
White spot syndrome virus is the lone virus ( and type species ) of the genus Whispovirus ( white spot ) , which is the only genus in the family Nimaviridae .
Metadentobunus formosae is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Ctenolophus is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in South Africa .
Evgeny Kurochkin argued in 1996 that Alexornis formed a natural group , the Alexornithidae , with Kizylkumavis and a second type of central Asian bird , Sazavis .
The Madagascan sandgrouse ( Pterocles personatus ) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family .
Mesocolpodes coptoderoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Mesocolpodes .
Pseudochrodes suturalis is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae , the only species in the genus Pseudochrodes .
Triboniophorus is a genus of air - breathing land slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Athoracophoridae , the leaf - veined slugs .
Parin 's spinyfin , Diretmichthys parini , is a spinyfin of the monotypic genus Diretmichthys .
Verbesina , or crownbeard , is a genus of flowering plants , in the daisy family ( Asteraceae ) .
The Egyptian slit - faced bat ( Nycteris thebaica ) is a species of slit - faced bat broadly distributed throughout Africa and the Middle East .
The Leucospidae ( sometimes incorrectly spelled Leucospididae ) are a small , specialized group within the Chalcidoidea , composed exclusively of ectoparasitoids of aculeate wasps or bees .
Russell assigned Archaeornithomimus to the Ornithomimidae .
Crassicantharus is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks
Tabanus is a genus of biting horseflies of the family Tabanidae .
Baillonella toxisperma ( also called African pearwood , djave nut , or moabi ) is a species of tree in the family Sapotaceae , and the only species in the genus Baillonella .
The Chiapan deer mouse ( Peromyscus zarhynchus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Pseudolabis is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae , endemic to North America from the Oligocene through Miocene 24.8 - -20.6 mya , existing for approximately 4.2 million years .
Cephalodiscida is one of two orders in the class Pterobranchia , which are small , worm - shaped animals .
Polycentrus is a genus of fish belonging to the Polycentridae family .
Neurotrichini is a tribe within the subfamily Talpinae of the mole family .
The Macquarie parakeet ( Cyanoramphus erythrotis ) , also known as the Macquarie Island parakeet , is an extinct parrot from subantarctic Macquarie Island , an outlying part of Tasmania , Australia , in the Southern Ocean .
Metatrophis is a genus of plant in the nettle family , Urticaceae .
Amphimenes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , the ground beetles .
Plagiocheilus is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
The Eudaminae are a subfamily of skipper butterflies ( family Hesperiidae ) .
Thaumatichthys is a genus of deep - sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae , with three known species .
Also , several species are currently placed in several other genera of Carangidae that were originally described under Seriola .
The Prince Regent gudgeon ( Hypseleotris regalis ) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Australia , where it is only known to occur in clear , rocky pools in the Prince Regent Reserve in Western Australia .
Catjang ( Vigna unguiculata subsp . cylindrica ) is a subspecies of cowpea .
Novisuccinea is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Succineidae , the ambersnails .
Syllepte hemichionalis is a moth species in the genus Leucinodes of the family of Crambidae .
The Quechuan mouse opossum ( Marmosa quichua ) is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae .
The Himalayan white - browed rosefinch ( Carpodacus thura ) is a true finch species ( family Fringillidae ) .
Luschan 's salamander or the Lycian salamander ( Lyciasalamandra luschani ) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in Greece and Turkey .
In 1955 , Parioxys was placed as the sole member of the newly erected family Parioxyidae .
Megalania ( Megalania prisca or Varanus priscus ) is an extinct giant goanna or monitor lizard .
Adam 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus adami ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
The Calopterygidae are a family of damselflies , the suborder Zygoptera .
The Mistratoan yellow - shouldered bat ( Sturnira mistratensis ) , is a species of leaf - nosed bat indigenous to the western Andes , in the Mistrato municipality in Risaralda , Colombia .
Silverstone 's salamander ( Bolitoglossa silverstonei ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Platychasmatinae is a small East Asian subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae .
( 2014 ) recovered Aurornis outside Avialae ; it was recovered as a troodontid closely related to Anchiornis , Xiaotingia and Eosinopteryx .
The Kei flying fox ( Pteropus keyensis ) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus found in the Kai Islands of Indonesia .
Plicatura is a fungal genus in the order Agaricales .
Necydalinae is a small subfamily of the longhorn beetle family ( Cerambycidae ) , historically treated as a tribe within the subfamily Lepturinae , but recently recognized as a separate subfamily .
The Lily Shoals elimia , scientific name Elimia annettae , is a species of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae .
The Upemba mud turtle ( Pelusios upembae ) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family .
Mordella is the type genus of the tumbling flower beetle family ( Mordellidae ) , its subfamily Mordellinae and the tribe Mordellini .
Sphenocoelus is an extinct genus of brontothere of the subfamily Dolichorhininae , family Brontotheriidae , endemic to North America during the Middle Eocene epoch ( 46.2 - -42 mya ) , existing for approximately 4.2 million years .
Adyte assimilis is a marine polychaete scale worm in the family Polynoidae .
Cyrtodactylus is a diverse genus of Asian geckos , commonly known as bent - toed geckos or bow - fingered geckos .
Comesperma is a genus of shrubs , herbs and lianas in the family Polygalaceae .
Agrimonia ( from the Greek ἀργεμώνη ) , commonly known as agrimony , is a genus of 12 - -15 species of perennial herbaceous flowering plants in the family Rosaceae , native to the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere , with one species also in Africa .
Amaryllideae are a tribe of subfamily Amaryllidoideae ( family Amaryllidaceae ) .
Amphibulimidae is a taxonomic family of land snails , semi - slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Orthalicoidea .
Speotrechus mayeti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Speotrechus .
Dendromurinae is a subfamily of rodents in the family Nesomyidae and superfamily Muroidea .
The Asiatic long - tailed climbing mouse ( Vandeleuria oleracea ) is a species of rodent found in South and South - east Asia .
The Shoshone sculpin ( Cottus greenei ) is a species of fish in the Cottidae family .
Carr and Hlavin ( 2010 ) resurrect Dunkleosteidae and place Dunkleosteus , Eastmanosteus , and a few other genera from Dinichthyidae within it .
Oscadytes rovirai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Oscadytes .
The Madagascan cuckoo ( Cuculus rochii ) , also known as the Madagascar lesser cuckoo , is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family .
Mountelgonia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Cossidae , Metarbelidae .
The Australian garden orb weaver spider ( Eriophora transmarina ) is a very common species of spider with many variants in size , shape , and colour across the coastal regions of the eastern states of Australia .
The Réunion swamphen , Réunion gallinule or oiseau bleu ( Porphyrio coerulescens ) is a hypothetical species of extinct rail from Réunion , Mascarenes only known from reports of travellers .
The Para dog - faced bat ( Cynomops paranus ) , is a South American bat species of the family Molossidae .
The Saunders 's tern ( Sternula saundersi ) is a species of tern in the family Sternidae .
Chlorolestes is a genus of damselflies in the family Synlestidae .
Spartiniphaga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered to be a synonym of Photedes .
The Arabian red fox ( Vulpes vulpes arabica ) is a subspecies of the red fox native to Arabia , specifically Dhofar and Al Hajar Mountains in Oman and they are also found in UAE Syria , Jordan and Israel to Saudi Arabia and Yemen .
Godinotia is an extinct genus of strepsirrhine primate belonging to the Adapidae family .
The Cambodian laughingthrush ( Garrulax ferrarius ) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family .
The Pallas 's sandgrouse ( Syrrhaptes paradoxus ) is a medium large bird in the sandgrouse family named after the German zoologist Peter Simon Pallas .
The Jico deer mouse ( Habromys simulatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found only in Mexico .
The Tanganyika clown ( Eretmodus cyanostictus ) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family .
Cabot 's tern ( Thalasseus acuflavidus ) is a bird in the family Sternidae recently separated from the Sandwich tern ( Thalasseus sandvicensis ) .
Dittoceras is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1883 .
Xyleborini are a tribe of ambrosia beetles ( alternatively called subtribe Xyleborina of tribe Scolytini ) , highly specialized weevils of the subfamily Scolytinae .
Serinethinae is a subfamily of the hemipteran family Rhopalidae , sometimes known as soapberry bugs .
Miller 's saki ( Pithecia milleri ) , also known as Miller 's monk saki , is a species of saki monkey , a type of New World monkey .
Tolypocladium ophioglossoides , also known by two of its better known synonyms Elaphocordyceps ophioglossoides and Cordyceps ophioglossoides and commonly known as the goldenthread cordyceps , is a species of fungus in the family Ophiocordycipitaceae .
Pappea capensis is a South African tree in the family Sapindaceae .
Platyoides is a genus of spiders belonging to the family Trochanteriidae .
Prochilodus is a genus of freshwater fish from the family Prochilodontidae .
In 2010 a new proposed classification system for the Bivalvia was published by Bieler , Carter & Coan revising the classification of the Bivalvia , including the subclass Pteriomorphia .
Amakusaplana is a genus of free - living marine turbellarian flatworms in the family Prosthiostomidae .
Hamaticolax is a genus of parasitic copepods belonging to the family Bomolochidae .
Together the two genera make up the family Campynemataceae sensu Angiosperm Phylogeny Group ( APG ) , within the Liliales order .
The Spanish dancer , scientific name Hexabranchus sanguineus ( literally meaning `` blood - colored six - gills '' ) , is a dorid nudibranch , a very large and colorful sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hexabranchidae .
The Orthosiini are a mid - sized tribe of noctuid moths in the subfamily Hadeninae .
Alvarado 's salamander or Moravia de Chirripo salamander ( Bolitoglossa alvaradoi ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Hannaphota distincta is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Hannaphota .
The Nimba otter shrew ( Micropotamogale lamottei ) is a dwarf otter shrew and belongs to the mammal family Tenrecidae .
Apteralcidion lapierrei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Apteralcidion .
Gavialidium is a genus of insects found in Malaysia , belonging to the Tetrigidae family of Orthopterans .
The Hawaiian hopseed looper moth ( Scotorythra paratactis ) is a species of moth in the Geometridae family .
Spatalla is a genus containing 20 species of flowering plants , commonly known as `` spoons '' , in the Proteaceae family .
The Meek 's lorikeet ( Charmosyna meeki ) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family .
The Shelley 's sunbird ( Cinnyris shelleyi ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The Norway bullhead ( Micrenophrys lilljeborgii ) is a coastal fish of the family Cottidae , found in Northern Europe .
Nava 's wren ( Hylorchilus navai ) Sumichrast 's wren ( Hylorchilus sumichrasti )
Rhinecanthus is a triggerfish genus from the Indo - Pacific .
Aciphylla is a genus of about 40 species of plants in the Apiaceae family , endemic to New Zealand and Australia .
The Leuciscinae , commonly known as true minnows , are a large subfamily of the freshwater fish family Cyprinidae .
Xyletininae is a subfamily of Beetles in the family Anobiidae .
The Allen 's gallinule ( Porphyrio alleni ) , formerly known as the lesser gallinule is a small waterbird of the family Rallidae .
The Kafue mole - rat ( Fukomys kafuensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae .
Tarunius punctatus is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Tarunius .
Poliodes is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing one species , Poliodes roseicornis , which is known from dry bush in Ethiopia , Somalia and Kenya .
The Eastern smooth frog or Victorian smooth froglet ( Geocrinia victoriana ) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family .
Dicranophora is a genus of two mold species in the family Mucoraceae .
Musseromys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae .
Codoceras is a nautiloid genus belonging to the Polyelasmoceratidae , an Oncocerida family .
The Chinese white - toothed shrew ( Crocidura rapax ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Stresemann 's bushcrow ( Zavattariornis stresemanni ) , also known as Abyssinian pie , bush crow , Ethiopian bushcrow , or by its generic name Zavattariornis , is a rather starling - like bird , which is currently thought to be member of the crow family , Corvidae , though this is uncertain .
Tyndarimorpha areolata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Tyndarimorpha .
The Endothyracea is a superfamily in the foraminiferal order , Fusulinida ( or as often , suborder Fusulinina ) known from the upper Devonian to the Lower Permian .
The Malayan forest gecko , Cyrtodactylus pulchellus , is a species of gecko found in Southeast Asia .
The Sphenacodontoidea evolved from earlier Sphenacodontia such as Haptodus via a number of transitional stages of small , unspecialised pelycosaurs .
Plagiostyles is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1897 .
Paralpenus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics .
Cedrus ( common name Cedar ) is a genus of coniferous trees in the plant family Pinaceae .
Geograpsus is a genus of crabs in the family Grapsidae , containing five species :
The Breyer 's long - tailed seps ( Tetradactylus breyeri ) is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family .
Vulcaniella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae , containing the following species :
It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae , and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade within the Dalbergieae .
The Ryukyu wood pigeon ( Columba jouyi ) , otherwise known as the silver - banded or silver - crescented pigeon is an extinct species of bird in the Columba genus in the family Columbidae .
The Korean crevice salamander ( Karsenia koreana ) is a lungless salamander .
Opisthorchiida is an order of flatworms in the subclass Digenea .
Chaetocarpus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1854 .
The Venus flytrap ( also referred to as Venus 's flytrap or Venus ' flytrap ) , Dionaea muscipula , is a carnivorous plant native to subtropical wetlands on the East Coast of the United States in North Carolina and South Carolina .
Phoca is a genus of the earless seals , within the family Phocidae .
Microbarypus silvicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Microbarypus .
The Admiralty Island cuscus or Manus Island spotted cuscus ( Spilocuscus kraemeri ) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae .
Licaria is a flowering plant genus in the family Lauraceae , endemic of Central America and South America .
Eufalloides holmesi is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae , the only species in the genus Eufalloides .
The La Selle red - legged frog or Furcy robber frog ( Eleutherodactylus furcyensis ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Francoa is a genus of the Melianthaceae family which consists of herbs endemic to Chile .
Prophenorites marojejyanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Prophenorites .
Zoysieae is a tribe of grasses in subfamily Chloridoideae , with around 250 species in four genera .
Neomphaloidea is a superfamily of deep - sea snails or limpets , marine gastropod mollusks previously regarded as in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) , but now classified in its own clade the Neomphalina .
Johnson grass or Johnsongrass , Sorghum halepense , is a plant in the grass family , Poaceae , native to the Mediterranean region , but grows throughout Europe and the Middle East .
The Junin crake or Junin rail ( Laterallus tuerosi ) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
Parabembras is a genus of sprat - like flatheads , the only genus in the family Parabembridae .
The Mozambique tilapia ( Oreochromis mossambicus ) is a tilapiine cichlid fish native to southern Africa .
Pasawioops is an extinct genus of dissorophoid euskelian temnospondyl within the family Amphibamidae .
Macutula is a spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) from Brazil .
The Bulwer 's petrel ( Bulweria bulwerii ) is a small petrel in the family Procellariidae , and is one of two species in the genus Bulweria ( Bonaparte , 1843 ) .
Nodipecten is a genus of large scallops , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae , the scallops .
Baird 's sparrow ( Ammodramus bairdii ) is a species of North American birds in the family Emberizidae of order Passeriformes .
Rockinghamia is a plant genus of the spurge family ( Euphorbiaceae ) , first described as a genus in 1966 .
Sage 's rock rat ( Aconaemys sagei ) is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae .
Most of the species now recognized as being members of Kriegeriales were for a long time placed as incertae sedis ( meaning that the exact placement is unknown ) in class Microbotryomycetes .
Butherium erythropus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Butherium .
The Naticinae are a subfamily of medium to large - sized predatory sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae , the moon snails .
Dysderoidea are members of the Haplogynae clade : spiders with simpler copulatory organs ( palpal bulbs and epigynes ) than other araneomorphs .
The Madura horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus madurensis ) is a species of bat from the family Rhinolophidae .
Coelotrochus is a genus of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
The Kashmir stag ( Cervus elaphus hanglu ) , also called hangul , is a subspecies of red deer native to India .
Antipathidae is a family of the order Antipatharia containing the following genera :
Holosteum is a genus of plants in the Pink family ( Caryophyllaceae ) with 3 or 4 species native from southern Europe through central and south western Asia and in Africa .
The Nyiro shrew ( Crocidura macowi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Austromuellera is a genus of only two known species of medium - sized trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Plinia is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753 .
The Rusty - bellied brush - furred rat ( Lophuromys sikapusi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Nerillida is an order of annelid worms in the class Polychaeta .
Bracken ( Pteridium ) is a genus of large , coarse ferns in the family Dennstaedtiaceae .
The Darjeeling woodpecker ( Dendrocopos darjellensis ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
The Cinderella fat - tailed mouse opossum ( Thylamys cinderella ) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
The Echinostomida are an order of flatworms , belonging to the large group Digenea .
Liphyrinae is a butterfly subfamily within the family Lycaenidae , whose members are also known as gossamer - winged butterflies .
Nuculanoida is an order of very small saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the subclass Protobranchia .
Carangoides is a genus of tropical to subtropical marine fishes in the jack family , Carangidae .
Antelientomon is a genus of hexapods in the order Protura , and the only genus in the family Antelientomidae .
Frankites is an extinct genus of cephalopod from the Triassic period included in the Trachyceratidae , a family of mostly evolute ammonites , coiled so as all whorls are showing , and commonly ornamented with flexious , tuberculate ribs .
Liorhyssus is a genus of scentless plant bugs belonging to the family Rhopalidae , subfamily Rhopalinae .
Aseroe is a small genus of basidiomycete fungi of the family Phallaceae , though sometimes placed in the separate family Clathraceae .
The Wallacean cuckooshrike ( Coracina personata ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
Nephrophyllidium is a monotypic genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae .
Proserpinellidae is a taxonomic family of land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicinoidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Sinozolus yuae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Sinozolus .
Before the reclassification of aedine genera , Skusea pembaensis was known as Aedes pembaensis .
Neptune plant or Air fern is a name given to a product that is composed of a species of marine animal called Sertularia argentea , also known as the `` sea fir '' .
Amphicyclotulus is a genus of tropical land snails with gills and an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Neocyclotidae ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Sphaerium is a genus of very small freshwater clams , aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Sphaeriidae , known as the fingernail clams .
Clidemia is a genus of flowering plants in the glory bush family , Melastomataceae .
Cicatrizocera bilistrata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cicatrizocera .
Cucumber ( Cucumis sativus ) is a widely cultivated plant in the gourd family , Cucurbitaceae .
The Mitchell gudgeon ( Kimberleyeleotris hutchinsi ) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Kimberley region of Australia , where it is only known from the Mitchell River system .
Müller 's Bornean gibbon ( Hylobates muelleri ) , also known as the grey gibbon , is a primate in the gibbon family , Hylobatidae .
Halichondria is a genus of marine demosponges belonging to the family Halichondriidae .
Exocentroides is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae , containing the following species : subgenus Exocentroides Exocentroides flavovarius Breuning , 1957 Exocentroides multispinicollis Breuning , 1957 Exocentroides unispinicollis Breuning , 1957 subgenus Trichexocentroides Exocentroides flavipennis Breuning , 1957
Nannophryne is a small genus of true toads , family Bufonidae , from South America .
The Tallapoosa pebblesnail , scientific name Somatogyrus pilsbryanus , is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
The tooth - billed pigeons are the only genus ( Didunculus ) of the subfamily Didunculinae , in the pigeon and dove family , ( Columbidae ) .
Tivela stultorum , also known as the Pismo clam , is a species of large , edible , saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae , the Venus clams .
Hamulinidae is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod family belonging to the order Ammonitida .
The Arkansas darter ( Etheostoma cragini ) is a species of small ray - finned fish in the perch family , Percidae .
Abbasites was included in the Otoitidae , the ancestral family of the Stephanocerataceae , according to Westermann ( 1965 ) and Imlay ( 1984 ) but was previously placed in the Hildoceratacean family Hammatoceratidae by Arkell et al .
The Saddle - backed Mauritius giant tortoise ( Cylindraspis inepta ) is an extinct species of tortoises in the Testudinidae family .
In the Cronquist system ( of 1981 ) it is used for an order ( in subclass Commelinidae ) and circumscribed as : order Restionales family Flagellariaceae family Joinvilleaceae family Restionaceae family Centrolepidaceae The APG II system ( 2003 ) assigns the plants involved to the order Poales .
Holocryphia is a monotypic genus of fungi within the family Cryphonectriaceae containing the sole species Holocryphia eucalypti .
Grand Comoro day gecko ( Phelsuma v - nigra comoraegrandensis Meier , 1986 ) is a small diurnal subspecies of geckos .
Ditrysinia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1825 .
Pharoideae is a subfamily of the true grass family Poaceae , containing the single tribe Phareae with the two genera Leptaspis and Pharus .
Opodiphthera is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family that are endemic to Australia .
Lepidagathis is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae .
Tigasis is a Neotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae .
The Pacific lamprey ( Entosphenus tridentatus or Lampetra tridentata ) is an anadromous parasitic lamprey from the Pacific Coast of North America , and Asia .
Picturesque dragonet , Synchiropus picturatus , is a brightly colored member of the dragonet family native to the Indo - West Pacific :
`` Waxwing '' and `` Bohemian waxwing '' were first recorded in 1817 , the former as a reference to Vieillot 's separation of this bird from the `` chatterers '' .
The Ruwenzori batis ( Batis diops ) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family .
Ancylini is a tribe of small , freshwater , air - breathing limpets , aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
The New Zealand falcon or kārearea ( Falco novaeseelandiae ) is New Zealand 's only endemic falcon and the only remaining bird of prey endemic to New Zealand .
The Himalayan whiskered bat ( Myotis siligorensis ) is a species of vesper bat .
Kaprosuchus is a member of the family Mahajangasuchidae along with closely related Mahajangasuchus insignis from the Upper Cretaceous of Madagascar .
Betula uber ( Virginia Round - leaf Birch ) is a rare species of tree in the birch family .
FishBase places Gobiesocidae as the only family in the order Gobiesociformes , under the superorder Paracanthopterygii ; whereas more official classifications within the United States , for example ITIS , place them in the suborder Gobiesocoidei of the order Perciformes , under superorder Acanthopterygii .
Gjellerupia is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus in 1912 .
The Solenogastres ( less often referred to as Neomeniomorpha ) , common name the solenogasters , are one subclass of small , worm - like , shell - less molluscs ( Aplacophora ) , the other subclass being the Caudofoveata ( Chaetodermomorpha ) .
Cheirurus is the type genus of Cheiruridae .
The Biak gerygone ( Gerygone magnirostris hypoxantha ) is a subspecies of the large - billed gerygone , but it is sometimes considered a distinct species .
Nemobiinae is a subfamily of Gryllidae , the true crickets .
Banksia obovata , commonly known as Wedge - leaved Dryandra , is a shrub endemic to Western Australia .
The Hastings River mouse ( Pseudomys oralis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Florida lance , scientific name Elliptio waltoni , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
The Santa Marta parakeet ( Pyrrhura viridicata ) is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family .
The Fusulinacea is a superfamily in the Fusulinida in which the test is spherical , discoida , or fusiform ; commonly coiled , less often uncoliing in the late stage , numerous chambers per whorl ; test wall of microgranular calcite ( as for the order ) in one to four layers .
The Lesser Antillean macaw or Guadeloupe macaw ( Ara guadeloupensis ) is a hypothetical extinct species of macaw that is thought to have been endemic to the Lesser Antillean island region of Guadeloupe .
The Réunion bulbul ( Hypsipetes borbonicus ) , also known as olivaceous bulbul , is a passerine endemic to Réunion .
Laniatores is the largest suborder of the arachnid order Opiliones with over 4,000 described species worldwide .
Bugtirhinus was a genus of rhinoceros of the tribe Elasmotheriini endemic to Asia during the Miocene living from 20 - -16.9 mya existing for approximately 3.1 million years .
The San Joaquin pocket mouse or Salinas pocket mouse ( Perognathus inornatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
The Pahranagat pebblesnail also known as the Pahranagat Valley turban snail , scientific name Fluminicola merriami , is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae .
The Florida red - bellied cooter or Florida redbelly turtle ( Pseudemys nelsoni ) is a species of the genus Pseudemys .
The Walindi fairy - wrasse , Cirrhilabrus walindi , is a species of wrasse native to the coral reefs of the Pacific Ocean .
Raoiella is a genus of mite belonging to the family Tenuipalpidae .
The Sulawesi yellow bat ( Scotophilus celebensis ) is a species of vesper bat .
Bocoa is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae ( Leguminosae ) .
Neocyema erythrosoma is a species of pelagic fish , a deep - water bobtail snipe eel in the family Cyematidae .
The Salim Ali 's swift ( Apus salimalii ) , is a small bird , superficially similar to a house martin .
Alloblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies ( family Blenniidae ) found in the western and northeastern Indian Ocean .
Cran 's bully ( Gobiomorphus breviceps ) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to New Zealand , where it is only found in fresh waters .
Richeriella is a plant genus of the Phyllanthaceae family .
Molecular research comparing DNA sequences now place Lichenomphalia close to the redefined genus Arrhenia , which together with several other genera not traditionally considered to be related , fall within the newly redefined Hygrophoraceae .
Cabares is a Neotropical genus of in the family Hesperiidae ( Eudaminae ) .
The Rocky Mountain locust ( Melanoplus spretus ) is an extinct species of locust that ranged through the western half of the United States and some western portions of Canada until the end of the 19th century .
The African clawless otter ( Aonyx capensis ) , also known as the Cape clawless otter or groot otter , is the second - largest freshwater species of otter .
Perucharidius andinus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Perucharidius .
The Arthoniales is an order of the class Arthoniomycetes within the phylum Ascomycota .
The Golfodulcean poison frog ( Phyllobates vittatus ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Costa Rica .
Loxops is a Hawaiian honeycreeper genus in the finch family , Fringillidae .
The Hornyhead turbot , Pleuronichthys verticalis , is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
It is the sole genus in the family Griseliniaceae ; in the past it was often placed in Cornaceae but differs from that in many features .
Anomalomyrmini is a tribe of Leptanillinae ants with three extant genera .
Myrospermum frutescens , the cercipo , is a species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Kauria is a rare genus of moth in the family Geometridae , found most commonly in the Appalachian Mountains .
Marsupial moles are a family ( Notoryctidae ) of cladotherian mammals of the order Notoryctemorphia .
The Eurasian water shrew ( Neomys fodiens ) , known in the United Kingdom as the water shrew , is a relatively large shrew , up to 10 cm ( 4 in ) long , with a tail up to three - quarters as long again .
Ceratodalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae , containing only one species , Ceratodalia gueneata , which is found in western North America , ranging from British Columbia and Alberta to Colorado and California .
Saduria is a genus of benthic isopod crustaceans in the family Chaetiliidae , containing the following species :
Microcycas is a genus of cycads in the family Zamiaceae containing only one species , Microcycas calocoma , endemic to a small area in western Cuba in Pinar del Río Province .
Bennelongia is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae .
Serpula ( also known as calcareous tubeworm , serpulid tubeworm , fanworm , or plume worm ) is a genus of sessile , marine annelid tube worms that belongs to the Serpulidae family .
Anemone deltoidea is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Columbian windflower and western white anemone .
Lycopus ( waterhorehound , gypsywort , or bugleweed ) is a genus in the family Lamiaceae .
The African jewelfish ( Hemichromis bimaculatus ) , also known as jewel cichlid or jewelfish , is from the family cichlidae .
Gobius ater , Bellotti 's goby , is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea from the Balearic Islands and the Gulf of Lion to Nice and Sardinia .
The Colombian electric ray ( Diplobatis colombiensis ) is a species of fish in the Narcinidae family endemic to Colombia .
Massetognathinae is an extinct subfamily of cynodonts in the family Traversodontidae .
Although they have often been treated as a separate family , the Aphidiidae , the Aphidiinae are a lineage within the Braconidae .
Frost 's arboreal alligator lizard ( Abronia frosti ) is a species of lizard endemic to Central America .
The Mona coqui , ( coqui de la Mona or coqui de Mona ) , Eleutherodactylus monensis , is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Mona , Puerto Rico .
Midwife toads ( Alytes ) are a genus of frogs in the Alytidae family ( formerly Discoglossidae ) , and are found in most of Europe and northwestern Africa .
Kufengoceratina is one of four subfamilies in the Marathonitidae families .
Lytoceratidae is a taxonomic family of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the suborder Lytoceratina , characterized by very evolute shells that generally enlarge rapidly , having whorls in contact but mostly overlapping very sightly , or not at all .
Icticephalus and other former scaloposaurids are now classified as basal members of Baurioidea .
Senghasiella is a genus of flowering plants in the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Bassleroceras is the type genus of the Bassleroceratidae which Furnish and Glenister ( 1964 ) included in the Ellesmerocerida , but which Flower ( 1967 ) placed in the Tarphycerida .
Iberotrechus bolivari is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Iberotrechus .
Velindastus discrepans is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Velindastus .
Antipionycha puncticollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Antipionycha .
The Heuglin 's francolin ( Pternistis icterorhynchus ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
Dicranopteris ( forkedfern ) is a genus of tropical ferns of the family Gleicheniaceae .
Heroini is a fish tribe from the Cichlasomatinae subfamily in the cichlid family .
The Chilean woodstar ( Eulidia yarrellii ) is a small bird in the hummingbird family , Trochilidae .
Mursiopsis is an extinct genus of box crabs belonging to the family Calappidae .
The Cape clawless otter ( Aonyx capensis capensis ) , sub - species of ( A. capensis ) or generally referred to as African clawless otter is found in Sub - Saharan Africa near permanent bodies of freshwater or can be seen to occupy along the sea coast ( 2 ) .
The Nusatenggara short - nosed fruit bat ( Cynopterus nusatenggara ) is a species of megabat within the family Pteropodidae found in Indonesia .
The Ansell 's epauletted fruit bat ( Epomophorus anselli ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Eucomis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae , native to southern Africa .
The Cape silvertip nudibranch , Janolus capensis , is a beautiful species of nudibranch , or sea slug .
Pleuraspidotherium is an extinct genus of condylarth of the family Pleuraspidotheriidae , that lived during the Paleocene epoch in the modern Europe .
The Buru cuckooshrike ( Coracina fortis ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
Amphiprion clarkii , known commonly as Clark 's anemonefish and yellowtail clownfish , is a marine fish belonging to the family Pomacentridae , the clownfishes and damselfishes .
Hairy - footed gerbil ( Gerbillurus paeba ) Namib brush - tailed gerbil ( Gerbillurus setzeri ) Dune hairy - footed gerbil ( Gerbillurus tytonis ) Bushy - tailed hairy - footed gerbil ( Gerbillurus vallinus )
Molecular research , based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences , places Rhizoctonia within the family Ceratobasidiaceae .
Cidaroida is an order of primitive sea urchins , the only living order of the subclass Perischoechinoidea .
The Japanese white - eye ( Zosterops japonicus ) , also known as the mejiro ( メジロ , 目白 ) , is a small passerine bird in the white - eye family .
Many botanists do not recognize this family and place Hoplestigma in Boraginaceae sensu lato or in Cordiaceae .
The Atiu swiftlet ( Aerodramus sawtelli ) is a species of bird in the swift family , endemic to Atiu in the Cook Islands .
Vertigo gouldii , common name the variable vertigo , is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae , the whorl snails .
Orientia is a genus of bacteria in family Rickettsiaceae .
Andaman Islands day gecko ( Phelsuma andamanense ) is a species of geckos .
Meliosma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Sabiaceae , native to tropical to warm temperate regions of southern and eastern Asia and the Americas .
Xantus 's hummingbird , Basilinna xantusii ( syn . Hylocharis xantusii ) , is a medium - sized hummingbird endemic to Baja California .
The Heliconiinae , commonly called heliconians or longwings , are a subfamily of the brush - footed butterflies ( family Nymphalidae ) .
Sweet corn ( Zea mays convar . saccharata var . rugosa ; also called sugar corn , dent corn and pole corn ) is a variety of maize with a high sugar content .
Kikihia is a genus of cicada in the family Cicadidae , endemic to New Zealand , with a single Australian species ( K. convicta ) .
Procariama is an extinct Monotypic genus of giant flightless predatory birds , reaching 1 m ( 3.3 ft ) tall , in the family Phorusrhacidae or `` terror birds '' which lived in Argentina .
Mantidae is the largest family of the order Mantodea , commonly known as praying mantises ; most are tropical or subtropical .
Marasmianympha is a genus of moths of the grass moth family ( Crambidae ) .
Madecacesta gaudroni is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Madecacesta .
Bembidion is the largest genus of beetles in the family Carabidae by number of species .
Cansjera is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus with this name in 1789 .
Xeniaria is a genus of earwigs , in the family Arixeniidae , the suborder Arixeniina , and the order Dermaptera .
Dicranostigma , also known as the eastern horned poppies , is a genus in the poppy family Papaveraceae , the species of which are native to the Himalaya and western China .
Shennongtherium is an extinct genus of rhinoceros from the Miocene time period .
The Chilean mockingbird ( Mimus thenca ) locally known as tenca is a species of bird in the Mimidae family .
Capripoxvirus is a genus of viruses in the subfamily Chordopoxvirinae and the family Poxviridae .
Japeuthria is a monospecific genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
The Savannah sparrow ( Passerculus sandwichensis ) is a small American sparrow .
Hemimacronyx is a proposed genus of birds in the pipit and wagtail family Motacillidae .
Curtoceras is a genus in the tarphycerid family Trocholitidae found widespread in the late Early and Middle Ordovician of North America and northern Europe .
The Tenerife speckled lizard , Gallotia intermedia , ( Spanish : Lagarto Canario Moteado ) is a recently discovered lacertid ( wall lizard ) of Tenerife in the Canary Islands .
The Peruvian tern ( Sternula lorata ) is a species of tern in the family Sternidae .
The Colombian spider monkey ( Ateles fusciceps rufiventris ) , is a subspecies of the Black - headed spider monkey , a type of New World monkey , found in Colombia and Panama .
The Mexican amberwing ( Perithemis intensa ) is a dragonfly of the family Libellulidae , native to the southwestern United States and Mexico .
Sarcophaga is a genus of true flies , the type of the flesh - fly family ( Sarcophagidae ) .
Coninae , or as it is more recently ( February 2015 ) represented as a family , Conidae , common names the cone snails , cone shells or cones , is a taxonomic group of small to large predatory sea snails with cone - shaped shells , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea .
Burton 's vlei rat ( Otomys burtoni ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Black - backed swamphen ( Porphyrio indicus ) is a species of swamphen occurring from southeast Asia to Sulawesi and Borneo .
Pleurodiscus is the only genus in the family Pleurodiscidae .
The Upper Zambezi labeo ( Labeo lunatus ) is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Africa .
The Ichthyosauriformes are a group of marine reptiles , belonging to the Ichthyosauromorpha , that lived during the Mesozoic .
Mauremys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae ( formerly called Bataguridae ) .
Barathrodemus is a genus of cusk - eels found in deep waters .
The North African elephant shrew or North African sengi ( Elephantulus rozeti ) is a species of elephant shrew in the family Macroscelididae .
Smallhead stickleback ( Gasterosteus microcephalus ) is a fish species , which widespread in the basin of the Pacific Ocean :
The Ugandan musk shrew ( Crocidura mutesae ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Cyttus is the sole genus in the family Cyttidae a family of large , showy , deep - bodied zeiform marine fish .
Cairina is a genus of ducks in the bird family Anatidae .
Trichoferus campestris is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Schivereckia is a genus of the botanical family Brassicaceae .
The Mandalay spitting cobra ( Naja mandalayensis ) , also called the Burmese spitting cobra or Mandalay cobra , is a species of spitting cobra endemic to the dry zone in central Myanmar .
The Fea 's petrel ( Pterodroma feae ) , is a small seabird in the gadfly petrel genus , Pterodroma .
In taxonomy , Coelastrella is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Scenedesmaceae .
Ammodaucus leucotrichus is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family and the sole member of the genus Ammodaucus .
Callerebia is a genus of the Nymphalidae family endemic to the Himalayas .
Camelids are members of the biological family Camelidae , the only currently living family in the suborder Tylopoda .
Bellium is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae , native to the Mediterranean region .
Thamalakane barb ( Barbus thamalakanensis ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
Alwynulus is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , which existed in what is now Scotland .
In 2010 , Bieler , Carter & Coan proposed a new classification system for the Bivalvia which combines the taxodont Arcoida with the dysodont Limnoida Mytiloida , Ostreoida and Pteroida as the Pteriomorphia .
Acontiinae is a subfamily of moth family Noctuidae .
Symplocaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Ericales , including two genera , Symplocos and Cordyloblaste , totalling about 320 species native to Asia , Australia and the Americas .
Zappey 's flycatcher ( Cyanoptila cumatilis ) is a songbird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae .
Ringicula is a genus of minute deepwater sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks belonging to the family Ringiculidae .
Eudendrium is a large genus of hydroids ( Hydrozoa ) , one of two in the family Eudendriidae .
Oribatida ( formerly Cryptostigmata ) , also known as moss mites or beetle mites , are an order of mites , in the `` chewing Acariformes '' clade Sarcoptiformes .
Fregolia listropteroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Fregolia .
The Yucatan yellow bat , Rhogeessa aeneus , is a species of bat found in the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico , and possibly also in Belize and Guatemala .
Pottiales is an order of mosses in the subclass Dicranidae .
Of these , the first two appear to have sister clade status , allowing resolution into two classes , Enoplea and Chromadorea , and division of the former into two subclasses corresponding to Clades I and II respectively , the Enoplia and Dorylaimia .
Furacopyge is a trilobite in the order Phacopida ( family Dalmanitidae ) , that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Spain .
Grimsbyoceras is a nautiloid genus included in the Oncocerida order of the family Acleistoceratidae that lived during the Middle Devonian .
The White - banded wolf snake ( Lycodon septentrionalis ) , also known as the Northern large - toothed snake , is a species of colubrid snake found in Asia .
The Chinese crested tern ( Thalasseus bernsteini ) is a seabird of the tern family , Sternidae , closely related to the Sandwich tern , T. sandvicensis , and the lesser crested tern , T. bengalensis .
Leptolambda is an extinct genus of pantodonts in the family Barylambdidae from North America .
The Waccamaw silverside ( Menidia extensa ) is a rare species of fish in the family Atherinopsidae .
Couepia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1775 .
Monostilifera is a suborder of nemertean worms belonging to the class Enopla , a class of worms characterized by the presence of a peculiar armature of spines or plates in their proboscis .
Qiniella is a genus of non - biting midges in the diptera subfamily Orthocladiinae of the family Chironomidae .
Chromalveolata is a eukaryote supergroup present in a major classification of 2005 , then regarded as one of the six major groups within the eukaryotes .
The Tasmanian numbfish ( Narcine tasmaniensis ) is a species of electric ray in the family Narcinidae .
Oenoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , found in Sri Lanka ( Hampson ) and French Guiana ( Schaus ) .
Dyakiidae is a family of air - breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Dyakioidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Phycella is a genus of herbaceous , perennial bulbous flowering plants belonging to the family Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
Scotoplanes , commonly known as the sea pig , is a genus of deep - sea holothurian echinoderm of the family Elpidiidae , order Elasipodida .
Leptophobia is a Neotropical ecozone genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae .
Amylocorticium is a genus of resupinate ( crust - like ) fungi in the Amylocorticiaceae family .
Euryomyrtus is a genus of shrubs , in the family Myrtaceae , all of which are endemic to Australia .
Kapcypridopsis is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae , subfamily Cypridopsinae .
Spathiphyllum is a genus of about 40 species of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the family Araceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas and southeastern Asia .
Wright 's skink ( Trachylepis wrightii ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family .
The Philippine pygmy squirrel ( Exilisciurus concinnus ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Galtoceras is genus of the Oncocerida and of the oncocerid family Acleistoceratidae .
Disperis is a genus of plants in the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Dartfishes are a subfamily , Ptereleotrinae , of goby - like fishes in the family Microdesmidae of the order Perciformes .
Tectariaceae is a family of Leptosporangiate ferns in the order Polypodiales .
Sequoioideae ( redwoods ) is a subfamily in the family Cupressaceae , with three genera .
Gnathopalystes is a genus of huntsman spiders in the family Sparassidae .
Inkayacu is a genus of extinct penguin .
Psychrolutes is a genus of fish of the family Psychrolutidae ( fathead sculpins ) .
The Spanish sparrow or willow sparrow ( Passer hispaniolensis ) is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae .
Omophagus artus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Omophagus .
The Dime forest tree frog , Leptopelis vannutellii , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family endemic to Ethiopia .
The Chinese white - browed rosefinch ( Carpodacus dubius ) is a true finch species ( family Fringillidae ) .
Lafonius is an extinct genus dvinosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trimerorhachidae .
The American red fox ( Vulpes vulpes fulvus ) , commonly known as the eastern American red fox is a North American subspecies of the red fox ( Vulpes vulpes ) .
Amanita muscaria var . persicina , commonly known as the peach - colored fly agaric , is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus Amanita .
The Chinese trumpetfish , Aulostomus chinensis , is a demersal marine fish belonging to the family Aulostomidae .
Cabrera 's vole ( Microtus cabrerae ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Nubian woodpecker ( Campethera nubica ) is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
The Old World silversides are a family , Atherinidae , of fish in the order Atheriniformes .
The Clapperton 's francolin ( Pternistis clappertoni ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
The Ewaso Nyiro labeo ( Labeo percivali ) is an African species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Ash 's lark ( Mirafra ashi ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family .
The New Britain thicketbird or Bismarck thicketbird ( Megalurulus grosvenori ) is a bird species .
If taxonomic ranks are used , it may therefore be best to treat the latter as a division and divide the Apocrita into some 6 infraorders representing lineages of about equal standing , one of which would unite the Aculeata and the Ichneumonoidea .
Phaenaulax nanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Phaenaulax .
The Philippine trogon ( Harpactes ardens ) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family .
Michelinoceras named by Foeste in 1932 is the ancestral and characteristic genus of the Michelinoceratidae , established and described by Flower in 1946 ; derived from empty siphuncle Baltoceratidae .
Kallstroemia is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family , Zygophyllaceae .
The Jacobin cuckoo , pied cuckoo , or pied crested cuckoo ( Clamator jacobinus ) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds that is found in Africa and Asia .
The Cape porcupine or South African porcupine , ( Hystrix africaeaustralis ) , is a species of Old World porcupine native to central and southern Africa .
Errazurizia ( dunebroom ) is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Dicropsocus is a genus in the Epipsocidae family , with three described species , all endemic to New Guinea and the neighbouring islands .
Most recent authors of taxonomic treatises have maintained the family Limnanthaceae but placed it in the order Geraniales , including Thorne ( 1976 ) Cronquist ( 1988 ) , who nevertheless states that Limnanthaceae are , `` without ... obvious affinities ... '' and Takhtajan ( 1980 ) .
Bothrocerambyx nevermanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Bothrocerambyx .
Jell & Adrain ( 2003 ) went so far as to lump Phillipsiidae into the family Proetidae , however other workers since like Lerosey - Aubril and Feist ( 2005 ) have continued to recognize Phillipsiidae as a distinct and separate family within Proetida .
The Uganda nothobranch ( Nothobranchius ugandensis ) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family .
Hindsia is a genus of about 11 species of shrubs in the family Rubiaceae , native to tropical South America , mainly in Brazil .
Siphoviridae is a family of double - stranded DNA viruses in the order Caudovirales .
The Middle East blind mole - rat or Palestine mole - rat ( Spalax ehrenbergi ) ( also known as Nannospalax ehrenbergi ) is a species of rodent in the family Spalacidae .
Onobops is a genus of very small aquatic snails , operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae or in the Hydrobiidae .
Ctenomys flamarioni , Flamarion 's tuco - tuco or tuco - tuco of the dunes , is a South American rodent species of the family Ctenomyidae .
The Ash Meadows pebblesnail ( Pyrgulopsis erythropoma ) is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Zaphir 's shrew ( Crocidura zaphiri ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Micronecta is a genus of aquatic insects in the Corixidae family .
For this reason , reconstructions usually depict Prenocephale as sharing the basic body plan common to all of the other Pachycephalosauria : a stout body with a short , thick neck , short forelimbs and tall hind legs .
Entomopoxvirinae is a subfamily of viruses , in the family Poxviridae .
The El Pepino tree frog , Hyloscirtus torrenticola , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Ecuador .
Samsonia is a genus of Gram - negative bacteria in the family Enterobacteriaceae .
Enneapterygius pallidoserialis , known commonly as the Pale white - spotted triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Kostermanthus is a genus of plant in the family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1979 .
The Lichtenstein 's sandgrouse ( Pterocles lichtensteinii ) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family , which is named after Martin Lichtenstein .
Oxygonum is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with about 30 species .
Prosopidicola is a monotypic genus of fungi within the family Cryphonectriaceae containing the sole species Prosopidicola mexicana .
Centropyge colini , the Cocos - Keeling angelfish , or Colin 's angelfish is a small marine angelfish measuring up to 9 cm , it is predominantly yellow with the upper quarter of its body being bright blue in colour .
The West African lungfish ( Protopterus annectens ) , also known as the Tana lungfish , is a species of African lungfish .
Icius is a genus of jumping spiders described by Simon in 1876 , belonging to the Order Araneae , Family Salticidae .
The Nile Delta toad or Damietta toad ( Amietophrynus kassasii ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
The Kittlitz 's murrelet , ( Brachyramphus brevirostris ) is a small alcid found in the waters off Alaska and Eastern Siberia .
Even after splitting the very wide Rana into smaller taxons , frogs now in Quasipaa continued to belong to the true frog family ( Ranidae ) , at times as subfamily Dicroglossinae , until Dicroglossinae was raised to the family level ( i.e. , Dicroglossidae ) .
Haematostemon is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1919 .
Patersonia is a genus of flowering plants in the Iridaceae commonly known as native iris or native flag .
Ostraciidae is a family of squared , bony fish belonging to the order Tetraodontiformes , closely related to the pufferfishes and filefishes .
The St Kilda field mouse ( Apodemus sylvaticus hirtensis ) is a subspecies of wood mouse that is endemic to the Scottish archipelago of St Kilda , which is 40 miles west of Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides , and 100 miles ( 160 km ) from mainland Scotland .
The Yinnietharra rock dragon ( Ctenophorus yinnietharra ) is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family .
Guichenia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida ( family Dalmanitidae ) , that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now France .
The Kanawha darter ( Etheostoma kanawhae ) is a species of darter endemic to the southeastern United States .
The Maya Mountains frog ( Rana juliani ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Belize and possibly Guatemala .
The Halmahera flowerpecker ( Dicaeum schistaceiceps ) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family .
The Banks flying fox ( Pteropus fundatus ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Adenolisianthus is a plant genus in the Gentian family ( Gentianaceae ) , tribe Helieae .
Gilliesieae is a tribe of herbaceous geophyte plants belonging to the subfamily Allioideae of the Amaryllis family ( Amaryllidaceae ) .
Notodontinae is the nominate subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae .
The Mexican gray squirrel ( or red - bellied squirrel ) ( Sciurus aureogaster ) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Guatemala and in eastern and southern Mexico , and is an introduced species in the Florida Keys , Cuba , Jamaica and Hispaniola .
The Pacific swift ( Apus pacificus ) is a bird which breeds in eastern Asia .
Ixalotriton is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Buhler 's coryphomys ( Coryphomys buehleri ) is an extinct species of giant rat .
Mastacembelus is a genus of many species of spiny eel fish from the family Mastacembelidae .
The Japanese short - tailed bat ( Eptesicus ( Eptesicus ) japonensis ) is a species of bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae .
Carinotetraodon is a genus of small freshwater pufferfish found in South and Southeast Asia .
Stempfferia carcina , the Dark Furry Epitola , is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family .
Gurney 's pitta ( Hydrornis gurneyi ) is a medium - sized passerine bird .
Rocellaria is a genus of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Gastrochaenidae .
Small red scorpionfish ( Scorpaena notata ) is a venomous Scorpionfish , common in marine subtropical waters .
Allorchestes is a genus of amphipods with relatively small gnathopods , in the family Dogielinotidae ; it contains the following species :
Habragonum amamioshimense is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Habragonum .
Within the Weymouthiidae , Mallagnostus belongs to a clade that further includes Tannudiscus , Jinghediscus and the Agnostina .
Eidothea is a genus of two species of rainforest trees in New South Wales and Queensland , in eastern Australia , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Banksia comosa , commonly known as Wongan Dryandra , is a shrub endemic to Western Australia .
Siliquaria , common name the slit worm snails , is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Siliquariidae .
Pupillidae is a family of mostly minute , air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea .
The Peiratinae are a subfamily of assassin bugs ( Reduviidae ) known as corsairs .
Pagetia is a genus of very small trilobites , assigned to the Agnostida order , Eodiscidae family , that had a global distribution and lived during the Middle Cambrian .
The Kenya sparrow , also known as the Kenya rufous sparrow ( Passer rufocinctus ) is a sparrow found in Kenya and Tanzania .
In 2009 , the new tribe Platycarpheae was established for Platycarpha and Platycarphella .
The Smallfin worm - eel ( Pseudomyrophis micropinna , also known as the Plain worm eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Brachmia is a genus of the twirler moth family ( Gelechiidae ) .
Canut 's horseshoe bat ( Rhinolophus canuti ) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae .
Mastigostyla is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae , first described as a genus in 1928 .
Archidactylina is a genus of copepods that contains only the species Archidactylina myxinicola , and is the only genus in the family Archidactylinidae .
Nematolepis is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the family Rutaceae .
Isoperla is a genus in the family Perlodidae , also known as the perlodid stoneflies , stripetails or springflies .
Suborder Incirrina Superfamily Argonautoidea Superfamily Octopodoidea Family Amphitretidae Family Bolitaenidae Family Octopodidae Family Vitreledonellidae
The Pecora are an infraorder of even - toed hoofed mammals with ruminant digestion ( Ruminantia , a clade within the Artiodactyla ) .
Urodacus is a genus of scorpion belonging to the subfamily Urodacinae .
The Romblon hawk - owl ( Ninox spilonotus ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
The Manu parrotlet ( Nannopsittaca dachilleae ) or Amazonian parrotlet is a recently described species of parrotlet native to the western Amazon basin , from southern Peru to northwest Bolivia .
The Spirillinida are an order of Foraminifera in which the test , or shell , primitively consists of an enrolled open tube , coming after the proloculus , wound planospirally or conically , commonly composed of an optically single crystal of calcite .
The Taiwan yuhina ( Yuhina brunneiceps ) , formerly known as `` Formosan yuhina '' , is a small songbird endemic to the island of Taiwan .
The Ochlockonee arcmussel , Alasmidonta wrightiana , was a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Asilinae is a large subfamily of the family Asilidae .
The Anatolia Lycian salamander , Lyciasalamandra antalyana , is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Turkey .
The East African spiny - tailed lizard ( Cordylus tropidosternum common name : dwarf sungazer ) , also known as the tropical girdled lizard , is an arboreal or rupicolous ( rock - dwelling ) lizard found in dry forests of East Africa .
Lightseeker is the second album from the Romanian power metal band Magica .
`` Heart Beat , Pig Meat '' is an instrumental song by progressive rock band Pink Floyd from the soundtrack to the film Zabriskie Point .
Animal Lover is an album , released in 2005 by The Residents .
Long Life is a reggae album by Prince Far I , released in 1978 .
You Know the Number is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the RCA Novus label in 1986 .
Fish Inn is the fourth album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on November 20 , 1984 .
Tex Book Tenor is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring the last performances Ervin recorded as a leader in 1968 for the Blue Note label .
`` Sweets for My Sweet '' is a song written by the songwriting team of Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman , originally recorded by The Drifters .
Ticked is the third album released by Christian parody band ApologetiX.
`` Stay Up ! ( Viagra ) '' is the first single released from producer - rapper 88-Keys ' debut album The Death of Adam and features the album 's co - executive producer Kanye West .
`` Cold Hard Bitch '' is the fourth single ( second in the United States ) by the Australian rock band , Jet , from their 2003 album , Get Born .
Shesmovedon ( which stands for `` She 's Moved On '' ) is a single by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree , released in July 2000 , from the Lightbulb Sun album .
`` Anybody Listening ? '' is a song by progressive metal band Queensrÿche appearing as the last track on their 1990 album Empire .
`` We Want Eazy '' is a single by the American gangsta rapper Eazy - E , from his 1988 debut album , Eazy - Duz - It .
Lumineux Noir is the third studio album of the Greek synthpop duo Marsheaux .
`` I 've Done Everything for You '' is a 1978 song written and sung by American rock musician Sammy Hagar and covered by Australian singer Rick Springfield whose version became a Top 10 hit in the United States in 1981 .
La Mujer del Año is a recording of the music for the play Mujer del Año performed by Mexican singer Verónica Castro .
The Private Press is the second full - length studio album by DJ Shadow , released on June 2 , 2002 on MCA .
Harperspace is a 2000 album from UK singer - songwriter Nick Harper .
`` Count the Days '' is a song by The New Power Generation , released as the final single from their 1995 album , Exodus .
Cantus Buranus is an album by the German medieval revival band Corvus Corax that employs the medieval text Carmina Burana .
`` Tie My Rope '' is a 2007 song from the Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom .
The Tale of the Tape is a rock album by Billy Squier that was released in May 1980 .
`` Lesfortunate '' was the second song from the Downsyde 's third album When The Dust Settles .
Il Testamento is the first solo album by Andrea Appino , vocalist and guitarist of the Italian band Zen Circus , released in 2013 by La Tempesta Dischi .
Do n't Stop til We Major is the first album by rapper , JT the Bigga Figga .
`` I 'm Right Here '' is a song by Irish singer Samantha Mumba , the first single release from her aborted second album Woman ( 2002 ) .
Vu de l'extérieur ( French for `` Exterior View '' ) is a studio album by French musician Serge Gainsbourg , released in 1973 .
`` I Left My Wallet in El Segundo '' is the debut single from A Tribe Called Quest 's debut album People 's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm .
The Carnival Bizarre is the third album by British doom metal band Cathedral .
Funk Upon a Rhyme is a G - funk - based album from 1994 by rapper Kokane .
Mister Magic is the fourth album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington , Jr. , released in February 1975 .
`` Green - Eyed Lady '' is a popular single by the 1970s psychedelic rock band Sugarloaf .
After a performance of `` Boys '' from Britney , Spears performed a military drill with her male dancers , which ended with her putting on a faux fur vest to perform `` If U Seek Amy '' .
Sorry , Sorry is the third studio album by South Korean boy band Super Junior , released on March 12 , 2009 in South Korea .
Altum is the second studio album recorded by the Finnish Gothic metal band Silentium .
We Were Born in a Flame is the debut full - length studio album by Canadian rock musician and singer / songwriter Sam Roberts .
Blessed Be God , A Cappella is the first album of the Chorus Paulinus recorded in the Philippines .
Reflections in a Mud Puddle was the third solo LP by Dory Previn , released in late 1971 .
`` Baby I 'm Burning '' was a 1978 song written and performed by Dolly Parton that was part of a double - A - sided single `` Baby I 'm Burning''/``I Really Got the Feeling '' .
`` Annie Had a Baby '' is a 1954 rhythm and blues song written by Henry Glover ( co - credited to Lois Mann ) and recorded by The Midnighters .
New American Gospel is the debut studio album by American groove metal band Lamb of God .
Supo Spot is a 1997 compilation album released by Quickspace .
`` Give Me Tonight '' is a 1984 single by Shannon , an American R&B and dance artist .
Still Walkin ' is the third album by Coo Coo Cal , released on May 14 , 2002 through Infinite Records .
`` Happy Violentine '' is the third single from the Miss Kittin 's first solo album I Com .
`` Please Do n't Stop Loving Me '' is a song written and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton .
`` Po Pimp '' is the debut single by Do or Die , it served as the lead single from their debut album , Picture This .
Munly 's Petr & the Wulf is the sixth studio album by Denver musician Jay Munly .
`` Nothing to Worry About '' is the first single by Peter Bjorn and John from the album Living Thing .
Lost in Reverie is the third studio album release from the Norwegian avant - garde metal band Peccatum .
`` Hollywood 's Not America '' is a song by American pop singer / songwriter Ferras and is featured on his debut studio album , Aliens & Rainbows .
R.I.P. Siegel / Schwall is an album by the blues - rock group the Siegel-- Schwall Band .
Which Bitch ? is the second album from Scottish band The View which was released 2 February 2009 .
Concierto is an album by the Jim Hall sextet , featuring Paul Desmond , Chet Baker , Ron Carter , Steve Gadd and Roland Hanna .
Disfigured Narcissus is an album by British death metal band Gutworm , released in 2007 .
`` Your Flag Decal Wo n't Get You Into Heaven Anymore '' is an anti - war song by John Prine .
Protuotrov ( English translation : Antidote ) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian rapper Frenkie .
`` New God Flow '' is a song by American rappers Pusha T and Kanye West .
`` Karn Evil 9 '' is an extended work by progressive rock group Emerson , Lake & Palmer , appearing on the album Brain Salad Surgery .
Celestial Lineage is the fourth full - length studio album by American black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room .
Sings in Italian for You is an album by the singer Dalida .
You Could Be is the fourth release of the Montreal - based instrumental act Torngat .
This Earthly Spell is the fourth studio album by Scottish folk musician Karine Polwart , released on March 10 , 2008 .
Rearrange EP is the 1998 promotional EP released by God Lives Underwater and is their second EP album .
Ding Dong ! is the debut studio album by Finnish Pop singer Krista Siegfrids .
Sueño Stereo ( Spanish for Stereo Dream ) is the seventh and final studio album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo .
Flying Does n't Help is a solo album by Anthony Moore ( credited on the album sleeve as ' A. More ' ) , released by Quango in 1978 .
Ako imaš s kim i gde ( trans . If You Have With Whom And Where ) is the fourth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out , released by Multimedia records in 2004 .
`` Dang Me '' is a 1964 song by American country music artist Roger Miller , and that year 's Grammy Award winner for Best Country & Western Song .
`` Verdammt , ich lieb ' dich '' is a 1990 song by German singer - songwriter Matthias Reim , from his debut album Reim .
Science Will Figure You Out is the first official release by Soltero , aka Tim Howard .
`` The Memory Remains '' is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica , with British singer - songwriter Marianne Faithfull singing backup .
`` The Day the World Gets ' Round '' is a song by English musician George Harrison , released on his 1973 album Living in the Material World .
`` Ella , elle l'a '' ( French for `` Ella , she has it '' ) is a single released by France Gall .
`` Blue and Yellow '' is the fourth single from The Used 's self - titled debut album The Used .
Imaginations from the Other Side is the fifth studio album by Blind Guardian that was released in 1995 .
`` Your Guardian Angel '' is a power ballad by the band The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus .
`` All the Times I Cried '' is the debut solo single by Texas lead singer , Sharleen Spiteri , from her debut solo album , Melody .
`` Out Is Through '' is a pop rock song written by Alanis Morissette for her sixth studio album ( fourth internationally ) , So - Called Chaos .
Introducing Me was a song recorded by Nick Jonas for the Camp Rock 2 :
`` My Favourite Game '' is an alternative rock song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for The Cardigans ' 1998 album Gran Turismo .
The Corruption of Mercy is the second album by Sarah Jezebel Deva was to - be released on June 20 , 2011 , but was later announced that it would be released on June 27 , 2011 due to artwork issues .
L.A. State of Mind is the second solo studio album by English singer - songwriter Mel B ( credited on this release with her full name , Melanie Brown ) .
The Birth of Corneilius is a 2007 studio album by Corneille released in 2007 .
`` When I See U '' is a song recorded by American recording artist Fantasia Barrino for her second studio album , Fantasia ( 2006 ) .
Skin of the Earth is the second full - length album release by the Dutch symphonic metal band Kingfisher Sky .
Bonfire Heart is the first single from British singer - songwriter James Blunt 's fourth studio album , Moon Landing ( 2013 ) .
`` Something Holy '' is the first single by Stellar Kart from the album Everything Is Different Now , released on 9 March 2010 .
`` Have I Told You Lately That I Love You ? '' is a popular song written by Scotty Wiseman and published in 1945 .
`` I Say a Little Prayer '' is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David for Dionne Warwick , originally peaking at number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart in December 1967 .
Ingenting att Förlora ( Nothing to lose ) was released on March 13 , 2006 and is the debut album from the Swedish pop singer Linda Bengtzing .
`` Jungleland '' is an almost ten - minute long closing song on Bruce Springsteen 's 1975 album Born to Run , and tells a tale of love amid a backdrop of gang violence .
What 's His Name ? is the debut album by Keith Frank and the Soileau Zydeco Band released on Maison de Soul Records .
Endless Dream is a song by Yes released on their 1994 album Talk .
Human Conflict Number Five was the debut EP by 10,000 Maniacs .
The Montreal Tapes : with Geri Allen and Paul Motian is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden with pianist Geri Allen and drummer Paul Motian recorded in 1989 and released on the Verve label .
Absolute Ego is the fourth studio album by Japanese singer - songwriter Aco , released on December 15 , 1999 .
In the 1986 movie The Name of the Rose , Sean Connery played the role of Brother William of Baskerville .
`` Why Tell Me Why '' is a 1981 song performed by Dutch singer Anita Meyer and it is one of her most notable songs .
Stakkels Jim ( aka Gas 4 ) is a studio album by Gasolin ' and was released in November 1974 .
Blues for We is the third album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown ( guitarist ) recorded in 1969 for the Impulse ! label .
`` I Promise '' , written by hit maker Diane Warren , was the third single from Stacie Orrico 's self - titled second album .
`` Turn to You '' is a 1984 single , released by the all - female pop rock / new wave band The Go - Go 's .
Keys to the World is the third studio album by English singer - songwriter Richard Ashcroft .
`` I Smoke , I Drank '' , also known as `` Do It Big '' , is the lead single from Body Head Bangerz 's debut album , Body Head Bangerz :
`` No Escapin ' This '' is the first single from Take It or Squeeze It , a 2001 album by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts .
Vogts Villa ( Vogt 's Villa in English ) is a 1996 album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket , sung in Norwegian .
¿ El Concepto ? is the second album of the Puerto Rican rock band Sol D'Menta .
Up Popped the Two Lips is an album by Henry Threadgill featuring seven of Threadgill 's compositions performed by Threadgill 's Zooid .
`` Symphony of Life '' is a pop - dance song written by Tina Arena and Peter - John Vettese , produced by Vettese for Arena 's fourth album Just Me ( 2001 ) .
Tales of Silversleeve is the second album released by Irish - born singer Cathy Davey .
Po Čertech Velkej Koncert is the second live album and the fourth live DVD / Blu - ray by the Czech hard rock band Kabát , released on November 27 , 2009 .
For the Damned , the Dumb & the Delirious is the sixth studio album by the Boston ska punk band Big D and the Kids Table , released on July 5 , 2011 by Side One Dummy Records .
`` I 'm So Crazy '' is a song by Italian electronic duo Par - T - One and Australian rock group INXS .
African Litany is the second studio album from South African band Juluka , released in 1981 .
`` A Boy Named Sue '' is a song written by Shel Silverstein that was made popular by Johnny Cash .
`` I 'm Not in Love '' is a song by English group 10cc , written by band members Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman .
`` Come Back Around '' was the first single released from British rock band Feeder 's 2002 album Comfort in Sound .
The World 's Most Dangerous Party was Paul Shaffer 's second album , released as a double CD in July 1993 .
Strict Joy is the third album by The Swell Season ( Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová ) .
The Angela Test is a 2005 Indie rock album by Icelandic band Leaves .
Bad Shave was the second of five albums of home - made recordings , released by Stephen Jones under the name ' Baby Bird ' in 1995 .
Uncivilization is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Biohazard , released on September 11 , 2001 by Sanctuary Records and is the last album to feature guitarist Leo Curley , who would leave the band shortly after to focus on writing his own music .
Bridge Burning is a song by American rock band Foo Fighters .
Let Us Never Speak of It Again is the second album by American electronic band Out Hud .
The Many Faces of Oliver Hart is a studio album by Eyedea , released under the pseudonym Oliver Hart .
This Godless Endeavor is the sixth album by Seattle based American progressive metal band Nevermore and was released on July 26 , 2005 .
`` ADD SUV '' was written by Uffie and produced by acclaimed electro artist Mirwais , who worked with Uffie a lot on her debut album and features Pharrell Williams performing guest vocals .
`` Pop the Glock '' is a single by French - American recording artist Uffie .
`` Let Me See the Booty '' is the first promotional single released from The Dream 's second studio album Love vs. Money .
The Heart of tha Streetz , Vol . 1 is the ninth studio album by rapper B.G. The album has production from DJ Smurf , B.G. himself , Sinister , Dani Kartel , K.I.D.D. and Mouse .
`` Radio Radio '' ( sometimes written `` Radio , Radio '' ) is a single by Elvis Costello and The Attractions released in the United Kingdom in October 1978 .
`` Seven Spanish Angels '' is a song written by Troy Seals and Eddie Setser , and recorded by American country music artist Willie Nelson as a duet with Ray Charles .
`` Ai n't a Party '' is a song by French house music producer and disc jockey ( DJ ) David Guetta and Dutch duo GLOWINTHEDARK , featuring vocals from Harrison .
Dopium is the third solo studio album by Wu - Tang Clan member U - God .
`` Last Horizon '' is a guitar solo written by Queen 's guitarist Brian May.
The Monkey on My Shoulder EP is a collection of demo songs written British singer - songwriter James Blunt .
Final Touches is a full - length album by country music singer Conway Twitty , released in 1993 , the year of his death .
`` Boy ( I Need You ) '' is a song by American singer - songwriter Mariah Carey , taken from her ninth studio album , Charmbracelet ( 2002 ) .
Jag är inte rädd för mörkret ( Swedish for I Am Not Afraid of the Dark ) is the tenth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent .
Lex Hives is the fifth full - length album by Swedish rock band The Hives .
Devil 's Ground is an album by German power metal band Primal Fear .
Whiskey Before Breakfast is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake , released in 1976 .
Fizzy Fuzzy Big & Buzzy is the major label debut studio album by alternative rock band The Refreshments , released on February 27 , 1996 ( see 1996 in music ) .
`` Green Is the Colour '' is a track on Pink Floyd 's 1969 Soundtrack from the Film More .
World Wide Live is a live album by German rock band Scorpions released in 1985 .
Luxury Problem is the fifth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks .
Soundtracks for the Blind is the tenth studio album by Swans , and the last released until 2010 's My Father Will Guide Me Up a Rope to the Sky .
`` Rhinestone Cowboy '' is a song written by Larry Weiss and most famously recorded by American country music singer Glen Campbell with instrumental backing by the Wrecking Crew , L.A. session musicians .
`` Who Feels Love ? '' is a song by the English rock band Oasis , written by the band 's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher .
Do n't Forget Who You Are is the second studio album by indie - rock musician Miles Kane .
The Name , The Motto , The Outcome ( 2007 ) is the debut solo album from Binary Star member Senim Silla .
Ben Urich appeared in the 2003 Daredevil feature film , played by Joe Pantoliano .
`` Cadê Dalila '' ( Where is Dalila ) is a song performed by the Brazilian singer Ivete Sangalo , released as the lead single from her album Pode Entrar .
Painter Man is a song by the music group , The Creation .
Beautiful News is an album by Christian worship artist Matt Redman .
Supreme Immortal Art is the fourth studio album release by black metal band Abigor .
Get Out While You Can is the second album by Australian musician Dan Sultan , released in 2009 .
24 Hour Roadside Resistance is an album by the political - ska punk band Against All Authority ; first released in 2000 .
Life After Dark is the first Australian studio album by Mark Williams released in 1980 .
Tengo Sed de Ti is a Spanish album released by Brazilian Christian music singer Soraya Moraes .
Schuur Fire is a 2005 album by Diane Schuur , accompanied by the Caribbean Jazz Project .
Inilah Jac is the second album released in 2006 by Jaclyn Victor since winning Malaysian Idol .
Europe ' 72 is a 1972 live triple album of performances by the Grateful Dead , recorded during their tour of Western Europe in early 1972 .
Bout It is the debut album by American Gospel singer Willie Norwood .
Lost Songs of 1936 is a jazz trio album led by Bucky Pizzarelli , released in 2006 .
`` Still Got It '' is a song by American rapper Tyga featuring fellow Young Money - member , Drake .
`` I Know You See It '' is the second single by rap artist Yung Joc of his debut album New Joc City .
`` I 'm Your Pusher '' is a 1988 single by Ice - T , from his second album Power .
Togetherland was originally intended to be Seal 's fourth album and was to be released back in 2001 .
Takut is a 1990 compilation album by Indonesian singer Anggun , released in 1990 under label Harpa Records .
`` You Ai n't Down Home '' is the title of a debut song written by Jamie O'Hara , and recorded by American country music artist Jann Browne .
Hey Man is the fourth studio album by the pop rock band Mr. Big .
`` Got the Life '' is a song written and recorded by American band Korn for their third studio album , Follow the Leader which was released as the album 's second single on November 23 , 1998 .
`` Možda volim te '' ( English translation : Maybe I love you ) is a pop song and the fourth single by the Croatian singer Franka Batelić , recorded for the Croatian selection for the Croatian Radio Festival .
Got a Good Thing Goin' is an album by American organist Big John Patton recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label .
Les Discrets Fursy Teyssier - lead vocals , guitars , bass , artwork Winterhalter - drums Audrey Hadorn - spoken vocals Additional musicians Gianluca Divirgilio ( Arctic Plateau ) - vocals in `` Ariettes oubliées ...
Winelight is a 1980 album by jazz musician Grover Washington , Jr. It received the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Fusion Performance in 1982 .
Spirit of Eden is the fourth album by the English New wave band Talk Talk , released in 1988 on Parlophone records .
`` Should I Feel That It 's Over '' is vocalist Alison Moyet 's first single from 2002 , being the lead single of the album Hometime .
Nova 's Dream is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock musician Aldo Nova , released on November 18th 1997 .
The Girls Wo n't Leave the Boys Alone is an album by Cherish the Ladies released in 2001 on the Windham Hill label .
Love Changes Things is a studio album by Ju - Taun released June 30 , 2009 .
Truthfully Truthfully is the second album by artist Joel Plaskett under the band name Joel Plaskett Emergency and his third since splitting from Thrush Hermit .
A Living Legend is the fifth album by Mother Maybelle Carter .
`` Stop Whispering '' is a single from English alternative rock band Radiohead , released as the band 's fourth single in 1993 .
No Business is a 2005 album by the sound collage band Negativland .
`` I Wo n't Come In While He 's There '' is a 1967 posthumous single by Jim Reeves .
Calma apparente , also known by its Spanish name Calma aparente , is a 2005 studio album by Italian singer - songwriter Eros Ramazzotti .
Veterans Songs is the first studio album by the American Indian drum group Lakota Thunder .
Metropolis Gold is the only album by Brooklyn hip hop duo All City , composed of rapper J. Mega and rapper / singer Greg Valentine .
Rocío de la Mancha is a 1963 album by the Spanish singer and actress Rocío Dúrcal .
The Message Is Love is the self - produced tenth album by American R&B singer Barry White , released in 1979 .
These Days ( The Virginia Sessions ) is an album released by the Richmond , Virginia , based Pat McGee Band .
Vintage Whine is the ninth full - length album by British folk metal band Skyclad .
Results May Vary is the fourth studio album by the American nu metal band Limp Bizkit .
`` Love Resurrection '' is a pop song written by English singer - songwriter Alison Moyet and producers Jolley & Swain for Moyet 's debut studio album Alf ( 1984 ) .
Heart of a Gangsta , Mind of a Hustla , Tongue of a Pimp is the fourth album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre .
`` Deeper Shade of Blue '' is a song by British group Steps , released as the band 's ninth single .
Out of Exile is the second studio album by the American rock supergroup Audioslave , first released on May 23 , 2005 internationally , and a day later in the United States .
Jesus Egg That Wept is the second solo album by Danielle Dax , an English experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens .
Modern Times Revive is the fifth studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance .
All Four One is the RIAA Gold - certified third album by new wave band The Motels , released in 1982 .
`` Closer to the Heart '' is a single by Rush , released in 1977 , from the album A Farewell to Kings .
The Intimate Ellington is a studio album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington compiled from sessions recorded in 1969 , 1970 and 1971 , and released on the Pablo label in 1977 .
Sve što vidim i sve što znam ( Serbian Cyrillic : Све што видим и све што знам ; trans . All I See and All I Know ) is the third album by the Serbian rock band Bjesovi , released in 1997 .
`` Y Hubo Alguien '' ( Eng . : And There Was Somebody ) is a song written by the Panamanian songwriter Omar Alfanno and performed by Marc Anthony .
Jung , brutal , gutaussehend ( German for Young , brutal , good - looking ) is a German rap album by Kollegah and Farid Bang .
`` Weißt du wohin wir gehen '' ( do you know where we go ? ) is the third single from Christina Stürmer 's second album , soll das wirklich alles sein ?
Everything Sad Is Coming Untrue is a music album by Jason Gray released September 1 , 2009 .
The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth is the debut album by British folk metal group Skyclad , and is regarded as one of the first folk metal albums , with the track `` The Widdershins Jig '' in particular pointing the way for the genre .
`` Give the People What They Want '' is a song by R&B vocal group The O'Jays .
`` Dancing Tonight '' is a single by Dominican - American recording artist Kat DeLuna , the fourth single from her album Inside Out .
Percik Pesona ( Stain of Enchantment ) is a 1979 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye .
Hipertrofia ( Hypertrophy ) is the third album by Coma , released on November 10 , 2008 .
`` N 2 Gether Now '' is a hip hop song by the American rock band Limp Bizkit and features the rapper Method Man .
Ah W Noss ( Arabic : آه ونص‎ ) is the hit 2004 album from Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram .
`` Cymbaline '' is a Pink Floyd song from the album , Soundtrack from the Film More .
`` Funkytown '' is a song by American band Lipps Inc. , which appears on their 1979 debut album , Mouth to Mouth .
`` Madame Helga '' is a single from the Stereophonics 2003 album You Got ta Go There to Come Back .
New York in the 1960s is an album by Welsh - born musician John Cale .
`` Lights Out , Words Gone '' is the second single by British rock band Bombay Bicycle Club from their third studio album , A Different Kind of Fix .
`` Your Possible Pasts '' ( mislabeled as `` Your Impossible Pasts '' on a radio promo single ) is a song from Pink Floyd 's 1983 album , The Final Cut .
Steal Yer Heart ia an album released by The Briefs on October 18 , 2005 .
I Myself and Me is a 1992 studio album released by Swedish singer Pernilla Wahlgren .
Feel Euphoria is the seventh studio album by American progressive rock band Spock 's Beard .
`` Proudest Monkey '' is a song by the Dave Matthews Band , featured on the 1996 album Crash .
The Linear Scaffold is the debut studio album by Norwegian avant - garde metal band Solefald .
Old Crows / Young Cardinals is the fourth studio album from post - hardcore band Alexisonfire , released on June 23 , 2009 .
Born in the U.S.A. is the seventh studio album by American rock singer - songwriter Bruce Springsteen .
Kom följ med i vår karusell ( Come Join Us On Our Carousel ) is a children 's album released in early 1987 , recorded by Swedish singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog and her son Christian Ulvaeus , nine years old at the time .
Songs for Sentimentalists is an album released by Cathy Carr on the RCA Victor label in 1964 .
Taking Tiger Mountain ( By Strategy ) is the second solo album by English musician Brian Eno .
Splatterthrash is an album released in June 2006 by Ghoul .
Facing You is the first album released on ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett .
Let 's Hear It for Love is the eighth and latest studio album from American rock and pop singer Benny Mardones .
The Vampire Chronicles , Daniel Molloy is played by Christian Slater .
Electric Barnyard is the second studio album released by the Southern American country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters .
`` No Existe '' ( English : Not Exist ) is a Latin pop song by Colombian duo Siam .
`` Come and Talk to Me '' is a song by American R&B group Jodeci from their debut album Forever My Lady ( 1991 ) .
`` Right Hand Hi '' is the fourth single taken from the album Ultraviolet by Kid Sister .
A Love Hate Masquerade is the final album from Kids in the Way .
`` I 'm Coming Out '' is a song made popular by American singer Diana Ross .
Elvis , Barbra & jag is a cover album of the Swedish pop singer Carola Häggkvist consisting of remaking of songs by Elvis Presley and Barbra Streisand .
Songs from The Capeman is the ninth solo studio album by Paul Simon , released in 1997 .
Dislocation Blues is a collaboration between singer - songwriters and guitarists , Chris Whitley and Jeff Lang .
Of Mist and Melting is the second album by American guitarist and composer Bill Connors recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label .
Walking the Wire is an album released by American country music singer Dan Seals .
Pickin ' Up Pieces is the lead single from Brenda K. Starr 's debut album , I Want Your Love released in 1985 on Mirage Records .
`` Cuéntale '' ( English : Tell Her ) is a song by Puerto Rican recording artist Ivy Queen , from her fifth studio album Flashback ( 2005 ) .
Invictus ( Means ) Unconquered is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe .
`` I Remember Elvis Presley ( The King Is Dead ) '' is a song co - written by Dick Bakker , Eddy Ouwens and Dunhills , performed by Ouwens under the name of Danny Mirror .
Some Loud Thunder is the second album by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah , an indie rock band from Brooklyn .
Ta Kormia Kai Ta Maheria ( The Bodies and The Knives ) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki .
`` Almost Persuaded '' is a song written by Glenn Sutton and Muscle Shoals songwriter Billy Sherrill and first recorded by David Houston in 1966 .
We Too Are One is the eighth album by the British pop music duo Eurythmics , released in September 1989 .
`` When You Touch Me '' is a song by English dance band Freemasons .
High Adventure is the fourth solo album by soft rock singer , Kenny Loggins .
Griefshire is the third album by the gothic metal band Elis .
Resurrection in Blood is the third album by Runemagick released in 1999 on Century Media .
Girl You Know It 's True is a 1989 album that was the U.S. debut of German pop group Milli Vanilli .
Fabric 22 is a DJ mix compilation album by Adam Beyer , as part of the Fabric Mix Series .
`` Whatever Does n't Kill Me '' is the second single from Canadian alternative rock band Finger Eleven 's sixth album Life Turns Electric .
Beyond Abilities is the second studio album from progressive metal band Warmen .
Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up is a 1970 album by Jeff Simmons , produced by Frank Zappa under the pseudonym `` La Marr Bruister '' .
`` Real Gangstaz '' is the second single from Mobb Deep 's Amerikaz Nightmare album , and is produced by and features Lil Jon .
`` Like to Get to Know You '' is a 1968 song from Spanky and Our Gang .
Let the Picture Paint Itself is the title of the eighth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell .
Nordic Quartet is an album by English saxophonist John Surman featuring Karin Krog , Terje Rypdal and Vigleik Storaas recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label .
Deadwing is the eighth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree , released on 28 March 2005 .
`` Baby , Stop Crying '' is a song written by Bob Dylan , released in the summer of 1978 as a single and in a longer album version on Street Legal .
Here 's to the People is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins , released on the Milestone label in 1991 , featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson , Mark Soskin , Jerome Harris , Bob Cranshaw , Roy Hargrove , Jack DeJohnette , Steve Jordan , and Al Foster .
`` If You Can Dream '' is the first song that was originally written and recorded specifically for the Disney Princess media franchise .
`` Super Kind of Woman '' is a 1973 single by Freddie Hart and the Heartbeats .
Infinity Within is the second studio album by the house and club / dance group Deee - Lite .
`` If Ever You 're in My Arms Again '' is a 1984 popular song recorded by the American R&B singer Peabo Bryson .
The Price of Money is a collaboration album between American rappers The Jacka & 12 Gauge Shotie , released on January 20 , 2009 .
`` Kahan Hai Tu '' ( Urdu : کہاں ہے تو , literal English translation : `` where are you ? '' ) is a rock - influenced song single by the Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm from their debut album , Irtiqa .
`` Lonely Is the Night '' is a song written and performed by American rock singer and guitarist Billy Squier .
`` Weather with You '' is a 1992 song by rock group Crowded House .
The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars ( often shortened to Ziggy Stardust ) is the fifth studio album by English musician David Bowie .
Deep Tracts of Hell is an album by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir .
Trouble at the Henhouse is the fifth full - length album from Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip .
Ball of the Damned is the fourth full - length album by the speed metal band Scanner .
Dai 7 Jikkenshitsu is the first major label album of the band Cali Gari .
Live at Folsom Field , Boulder , Colorado is the fourth live album released by the Dave Matthews Band .
Tweaked is the 5th studio album and first independently released collection of new material by American rock band Enuff Z'nuff .
`` Järjetön rakkaus '' ( English : Mindless Love ) is the second single release by Finnish singer Jesse Kaikuranta from his first album Vie mut kotiin .
Taste of Heaven was the second studio album by hard rock band Takara released in May 1995 on Long Island Records .
Quiet Life is the third studio album by English band Japan , released firstly in Japan , Germany , Canada and other countries in December 1979 , then in the UK in January 1980 ( due to a delay in manufacturing the album ) by record label Hansa .
Conversations with Myself is a 1963 album by American jazz musician Bill Evans .
Flipped Out in Singapore is the second album by the band Chainsaw Kittens , released in 1992 .
Give Yourself Away is the second major studio album from contemporary Christian group Robbie Seay Band .
That 's the Way It Should Be is an album by Booker T. & the M.G. 's , their first since Universal Language , released in 1977 .
`` Today 's Lonely Fool '' is a song co - written by Kenny Beard and Stan Paul Davis and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence .
Just for Love is the fourth album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service .
`` I Just Wanna Love U ( Give It 2 Me ) '' is a song by American rapper Jay - Z , released as the first single from his 2000 album The Dynasty :
Now Then ... is the fourth album by Stiff Little Fingers , released in 1982 ( see 1982 in music ) .
Access : d is a live album by the band Delirious ? .
Live at Wembley Arena is an album of live recordings by Swedish pop group ABBA , released by Polar Music on September 29 , 2014 , on 2 CD , 3 LP and digital format .
Looking for America is an album by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in 2002 and released on the Watt / ECM label in 2003 .
Music By Idiots is Captain Everything ! 's first full - length album .
Who Will Answer ? ( and Other Songs of Our Time ) is an album by pop vocalist Ed Ames , featuring two original songs ( the album title track and `` Pale Venetian Blind '' ) and nine cover versions of popular hits from the 60 's .
`` Whatever I Do ( Wherever I Go ) '' is a Hi - NRG song written and produced by British hitmaking team Stock Aitken & Waterman , which became a hit for singer Hazell Dean in 1984 .
Aphrica is a collaboration album by Klaus Schulze , Rainer Bloss and Ernst Fuchs , with the painter Fuchs providing vocals .
Irreverence is the first full length studio album by French electronic music group Dirtyphonics , released on March 3 , 2013 .
`` One Little Victory '' is the opening track and first single from Rush 's 2002 album Vapor Trails , with music by Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson , and lyrics by Neil Peart .
The Man - Machine ( German : Die Mensch - Maschine ) is the seventh studio album by German electronic music band Kraftwerk , released in May 1978 .
Recuerdos del Alma ( Eng . : Soul Memories ) is the title of a studio album released by romantic music group Los Temerarios .
Today and Now is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse ! label .
Happier Blue is an album by American singer / songwriter Chris Smither , released in 1993 .
The Stimulus Package is a collaborative album by Philadelphia rapper Freeway and Seattle producer Jake One .
`` Gives You Hell '' is a song by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released as the lead single from their third studio album When the World Comes Down on September 30 , 2008 .
Rockstars and Lawnmowers is the third album from Ali Baba 's Tahini , best known as the band Jake Cinninger was in before joining progressive rock band Umphrey 's McGee .
Progressions of Power is the fourth studio album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph , released in 1980 .
Take Me to Tomorrow is the second album recorded by American singer - songwriter John Denver released in May 1970 .
`` What Am I to You ? '' is the second single from Feels like Home from Norah Jones .
`` Set Your Loving Free '' is a song recorded by British singer Lisa Stansfield for her 1991 album , Real Love .
The Cosmic Game is the fourth studio album released by the downtempo group Thievery Corporation .
A Moment 's Peace is a studio album by jazz musician John Scofield .
`` C'mon and Get My Love '' is a song by British dance producer D Mob , from his album A Little Bit of This , a Little Bit of That .
I Brought You My Bullets , You Brought Me Your Love is the debut album by American alternative rock band My Chemical Romance , released on July 23 , 2002 .
Summerbreeze is a dance mix compilation produced by trance artist DJ Tiësto , released on October 10 , 2000 .
`` Hold On Loosely '' is a 1981 rock song by 38 Special and the first song to appear on their 4th studio album Wild - Eyed Southern Boys in 1981 .
`` Good Times with Bad Boys '' is a single by American female pop group Boy Krazy , written and produced by British team Stock Aitken & Waterman .
The Crackdown is the fifth studio album by English industrial band Cabaret Voltaire .
A Pagan Storm is the second full - length album by the German Viking / pagan metal band Wolfchant .
Season of Glass is a 1981 album by Yoko Ono , her first solo recording after the murder of her husband John Lennon .
The Tiny Bell Trio is the second album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the first to feature his Tiny Bell Trio .
Cult of Static is the sixth and final studio album by industrial metal band Static - X , and was released on March 17 , 2009 .
Yawmyat Rajoul Mahzoom ( Diary of a Defeated Man ) is the eighteenth album by Kadim Al Sahir , released on 29 March 2007 .
Love Their Country is the fifth studio album , and sixth overall by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes .
`` No More Rhyme '' ( Atlantic 88885 ; Atlantic Japan 09P3 - 6165 ) is the eighth single from American singer - songwriter - actress Debbie Gibson , and the third from her second album Electric Youth ( LP 81932 ) .
Straight from the Dec is the third studio album by the Ghetto Mafia .
Already Restless is the second and final studio album by Canadian country music trio Prescott - Brown .
Bring on the Snakes ( 2001 ) is the second proper , full - length album recorded by the indie rock band Crooked Fingers .
`` Eyes May Shine '' is a song by Xzibit , released as the third single from his debut album , At the Speed of Life .
`` Goodbyes '' is a song by English musician James Cottriall , from his first studio album Sincerely Me .
Italian Intermezzo is a different kind of outing for jazz and rhythm guitarist Bucky Pizzarelli .
Lonely Blue Boy is an album from Conway Twitty , released in 1960 .
Hide Your Heart ( released under the title Notes from America in the United States ) , is the seventh studio album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler .
Peel Slowly and See is a five - disc box set of material by The Velvet Underground .
Things That Play Themselves is the second album by the noise rock band King Snake Roost , released in 1988 through Aberrant Records .
`` Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour ... '' ( often shortened to `` Anything Can Happen '' ) is the second physical single , and third overall , by Enter Shikari and the second single to be released from their debut album Take to the Skies .
Min kärlekssång till dig ( My Lovesong For You ) , even called `` Jag har köpt mig en akustisk gitarr '' ( `` I Have Bought Me an Acoustic Guitar '' ) as in the beginning of the song , is a 1974 pop song written by Lasse Berghagen .
`` Façon Sex '' is a 2006 song recorded by the French duet Tribal King .
Kai Ta Matia Kai I Kardia ( Greek : Και τα μάτια κι η καρδιά ; English : And the eyes and the heart ) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki released in 2008 .
Young , Black en Gifted , commonly referred to as Y.B.G. , is Sunny Boy 's debut album , released in December 2005 after he was signed to Mshasho Records in 2004 .
Wailing With Lou is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson released on the Blue Note label in 1957 featuring performances by Donaldson 's Quintet with Donald Byrd , Herman Foster , Peck Morrison and Art Taylor .
`` Todavía '' is a song by Cruz Martínez Y Los Super Reyes .
Full Moon , Dirty Hearts is an album released by Australian band INXS in 1993 , through Warner Music Australia .
Mariamar is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Rome , Italy on October 16 , 1975 and released on the Horo label .
`` I Just Do n't Have the Heart '' is the second single from British singer Cliff Richard 's 1989 album Stronger .
`` Hello Sun '' is a song by the Hungarian indie rock band Amber Smith .
American Slang is the third studio album by New Jersey -- based rock group The Gaslight Anthem .
How to Make Friends and Influence People is the second album by the rock band Terrorvision , released in 1994 on Total Vegas Recordings .
Make a Scene is the fourth studio solo album by English recording artist Sophie Ellis - Bextor , released in Russia on 18 April 2011 by Universal Music Group and in the United Kingdom on 13 June 2011 by Ellis - Bextor 's own record label , EBGB 's .
Tribute to My Father is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams , Jr. This album was released on September 21 , 1993 on the Curb Records label .
Fake Out Takes ( Not for Production ) is a bonus album of outtakes , demos , and covers by rock band Virginia Coalition that came with preorders of Rock and Roll Party .
`` Way to Go ! '' is the second single by Rogue Traders from their second album Here Come the Drums , released in 2005 .
`` Two in a Million '' is a song recorded by S Club 7 , released as the third single from their debut studio album , S Club , on 13 December 1999 .
`` Pardon Me '' is a song by American rock band Incubus , the song is released as the first single from their third album Make Yourself .
Sarò libera is the second solo studio album from Emma Marrone , published on September 20 , 2011 by the record Universal .
Heart in Motion is the eighth studio album , and twelfth album by Christian pop singer Amy Grant , released on March 5 , 1991 .
Cover from the Sky is the fourth and final single from Deacon Blue 's album Fellow Hoodlums .
`` You Did n't Expect That ' '' is a 2003 2-step garage song recorded by Filipino - American singer Billy Crawford , taken from the album Ride .
`` Nöjd ? '' is a single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio , from her debut Studio album Vatten och bröd .
Sister Big Stuff is an album by reggae musician Prince Buster .
`` Batman Theme '' , the title song of the 1966 Batman TV series , was composed by Neal Hefti .
Postales is the third studio album of singer - songwriter Gaby Moreno .
Red Right Return ( stylized as R∃D ЯIGHT R∃TЦЯИ ) is the third studio album by Janus .
Body of Song is the sixth solo album from punk / indie / alternative rock veteran Bob Mould ( ex - Hüsker Dü / Sugar ) .
The Grotesque / Ashen Epitaph is an EP by the death metal band Benediction .
Read My Licks is a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins .
`` Youth of the Nation '' is a song by American Christian metal band P.O.D. It was released in December 2001 as the second single to come from their second major label album , Satellite .
`` Check My Brain '' is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains , featured on their fourth studio album Black Gives Way to Blue ( 2009 ) .
`` The Day I Tried to Live '' is a song by the American grunge band Soundgarden .
`` Get Down Tonight '' is a song released in 1975 on the self - titled album by the disco group KC and the Sunshine Band .
The Horse That Bud Bought is the fourth studio album from heavy metal band Galactic Cowboys .
`` Do n't Say Goodnight ( It 's Time for Love ) '' is a 1980 quiet storm soul record by The Isley Brothers , released on their T - Neck imprint .
Tattoos & Tequila is the third solo studio album by Mötley Crüe frontman Vince Neil .
`` Ca n't Believe '' is a duet by American recording artists Faith Evans and Carl Thomas .
`` Stomp ! '' is a song released by The Brothers Johnson from their fourth album , Light Up the Night , in early 1980 .
Make Him Do Right is Karyn White 's third album , released in 1994 .
I Stoled This Record is the second album from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd .
Smash Crusher was released by Punch People in 2003 .
Penthouse Serenade is an instrumental jazz quartet album by Nat King Cole .
Reanuedo ( `` ' Reanuedo '' ) is a greatest hits and last album from Sin Bandera .
Cowboy Christmas III is the twenty - fifth album by American singer - songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his third album of Christmas music .
`` Welcome to Funkadelica '' `` Nigger Entertainment '' `` Reservoir Dog '' `` Big Fat Bytches '' `` Ghettofunkstrylistic '' `` Hustler Life '' `` Got ta Hustle to Survive '' `` Date With Death '' `` If You See My Little Brother '' `` Schoolly - D Live '' `` Eternity ''
Welcome to My Love is a 1968 studio album by Nancy Wilson , arranged by Oliver Nelson .
From Here to Anywhere is the third studio album by Australian music collective Sneaky Sound System , released 7 October 2011 .
Cream of the Crap Vol . 1 is the first of two compilation albums by Swedish rock band The Hellacopters which contains rare singles , B - sides , EP selections , and other non - album tracks by the band .
Summer in Kingston is the tenth studio album released by Jamaican dancehall artist Shaggy .
The Path of Thorns ( Terms ) is a hit song by singer - songwriter Sarah McLachlan from her album , Solace .
Aşklarım Büyük Benden is third studio album by the Turkish pop singer , Murat Boz .
Negative B is the second and last album by the Swedish band Sanctifica , released on Rivel Records in 2002 .
`` Back Street Luv '' is a song by British rock band Curved Air , written by band members Ian Eyre , Sonja Kristina and Darryl Way .
Shake Off the Demon ( 1971 ) was the fourth album released by Brewer & Shipley .
End of Discussion is an album by Flint , Michigan punk rock band The Swellers .
`` I 'll Be on My Way '' is a song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney , which was first released on 26 April 1963 by Billy J. Kramer with the Dakotas as the b - side of their single `` Do You Want to Know a Secret '' , a song also written by Lennon--
Friendly Green is the only album released by the alternative metal group Outface , most famous for being Sepultura vocalist Derrick Green 's first published recording .
`` Advice for the Young at Heart '' is a song by the British band Tears for Fears , taken from their 1989 album The Seeds of Love .
A Simple Matter of Conviction is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans , released in 1967 on Verve .
Blaqkout ( stylized as `` BlaQKout '' ) is a collaboration album by rapper / record producer DJ Quik and rapper Kurupt .
Gore and Perversion is the first album by death metal band Desecration , released in its original version on Anoxic Records in 1995 .
All That We Needed is a 2005 album by the Plain White T 's .
Fünf auf der nach oben offenen Richterskala ( English : Five on the open - ended Richter Scale ) is the fourth full length studio album from the German experimental rock band Einstürzende Neubauten and was released in 1987 .
Through Toledo is the second studio release by San Diego , California - based singer - songwriter Greg Laswell .
`` Someone 's Watching Over Me '' is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for her self - titled third studio album ( 2004 ) .
`` Eli 's Comin ' '' is a song written in 1967 by New York - born singer , songwriter , and pianist Laura Nyro .
Spirals in Hyperspace is an album by British band Ozric Tentacles .
Tried and True is the fifth full length studio album released by Clay Aiken on June 1 , 2010 .
A Deeper Silence ( 2008 ) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach .
The Avarice of Man is the third and last album by Australian death metal band The Red Shore , released on 3 September 2010 .
Sophisticated Lou is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label featuring Donaldson with Joe Farrell , Paul Winter , Joe Venuto , Derek Smith , Jay Berliner , Richard Davis , Ron Carter , Grady Tate , and Omar Clay with a string section arranged by Wade Marcus .
On Fire ! is the tenth studio album of the Christian rock band , Petra .
Cowboy Poems Free is an album by progressive rock band Echolyn .
`` Pushin ' Too Hard '' , originally titled `` ( You 're ) Pushin ' Too Hard '' , is a song by American rock group The Seeds , written by vocalist Sky Saxon and produced by Saxon with Marcus Tybalt .
The Grey Album is a mashup album by Danger Mouse , released in 2004 .
The Kings of the Beats 2 is an album by Luny Tunes showcasing many of their greatest beats to date .
`` Play Something Country '' is a song recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn , co - written by Ronnie Dunn and Terry McBride .
`` Ca n't Stand Losing You '' is a song by English rock band The Police , released from their debut album Outlandos d'Amour , both in 1978 .
Higher Than the Eiffel is a 2010 album by the English electronic group Audio Bullys .
`` Ozark Mountain Jubilee '' is a song written by Scott Anders and Roger Murrah and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys .
`` Cripple and the Starfish '' is a song written by Antony Hegarty and performed by Antony and the Johnsons , a Mercury Prize - winning music act from New York City .
`` Someday Never Comes '' is a song by Creedence Clearwater Revival from their album Mardi Gras released in 1972 and written by the frontman John Fogerty .
`` I 've Got Mine '' was the second official song released by the English rock band Small Faces in 1965 .
Heartbeats and Brainwaves is the eighth album by Detroit rock band Electric Six .
`` The World Should Revolve Around Me '' is the debut single by US R&B duo Little Jackie .
El Canta Autor Del Pueblo is the first studio album by Regional Mexican singer Espinoza Paz .
Snowflakes Are Dancing is the second studio album by Japanese musician Isao Tomita , recorded in 1973 - 4 and first released as a Quadradisc in April of 1974 .
Just Ballade is the ninth studio album by Japanese R&B singer Misia , released December 16 , 2009 .
12 de Janeiro ( January 12th ) is the first solo album released by Brazilian musician Nando Reis .
Malae Artes is the third full - length studio album release from the Italian Gothic metal band Macbeth .
`` Rattled by la Rush '' is a single / EP released by indie rock group Pavement in 1995 .
Still Reportin ' ... is the fourth solo studio album by hip - hop artist Tragedy Khadafi .
Lights of Distant Cities is the eighth and final studio album by Christian Contemporary - Folk - Pop - Rock musician Bebo Norman .
Failures for Gods is the third album by American death metal band Immolation .
`` Männer sind Schweine '' ( `` Men are pigs '' ) is a pop / rock song by Die Ärzte .
`` Ca n't Fight the Moonlight '' is a Country pop song written by Diane Warren , recorded by country pop singer LeAnn Rimes and featured on the soundtrack of the film Coyote Ugly .
Viva el Príncipe ( English : Long Live the Prince ) is the thirteenth studio album by Mexican recording artist Cristian Castro , released on November 30 , 2010 by Universal Music Latino .
I 've Failed You is the sixth studio album by heavy metal band Kittie .
`` Keep in Touch '' is the debut single and first song by British jazz - funk / dance band Freeez under the name `` Pink Rhythm '' .
Own the Night is the third studio album by the American country music trio Lady Antebellum .
Down at the Khyber is the first album that Joel Plaskett recorded with his backing band The Emergency .
Feind Hört Mit ( ( The ) enemy listens in ) is an album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer .
`` We Are the Winners '' was the 2006 entry into the Eurovision Song Contest for Lithuania , sung by Lithuanian all - star group LT United .
Bliss Release is the debut album by Australian band Cloud Control .
Verisäkeet ( `` Blood Verses '' ) is the fourth full - length album by Finnish metal band Moonsorrow .
Across the Dark is the fourth full - length studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Insomnium .
`` You Ai n't Goin' Nowhere '' is a song written by Bob Dylan in 1967 in Woodstock , New York , during the self - imposed exile from public appearances that followed his July 29 , 1966 motorcycle accident .
Seventh Truth is the fourth album released by the Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh .
Hvelreki is the sixth studio album of Ozark Henry , released in October 2010 .
At the Edge of Time is the ninth studio album by the German heavy metal band Blind Guardian .
Leave Home is the second studio album by American punk rock band the Ramones .
The Baddest II is a compilation album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota .
As If by Ghosts is an album by shoegazing band Dreamend .
`` Remember When ( Push Rewind ) '' is a song by American recording artist Chris Wallace , taken from his debut studio album , Push Rewind ( 2013 ) .
`` A Little Time '' is a song by The Beautiful South , and is the band 's only single to reach number 1 in the UK Singles Chart .
The Slaughter of Innocence , a Requiem for the Mighty is the debut full - length album by British band Hecate Enthroned .
`` Fast as a Shark '' is a song and single by German heavy metal band Accept from their 1982 album Restless and Wild .
Un ángel ( Spanish : An angel ) is the second studio album by Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz .
`` Not Ready to Make Nice '' is a song co - written and performed by American country music band Dixie Chicks .
`` You Sang to Me '' is a 2000 hit song by Marc Anthony , and was released as the third single of his first English language album Marc Anthony .
`` Behind the Wheel '' is Depeche Mode 's twentieth UK single , released on 28 December 1987 , and the third single for the album Music for the Masses .
City Fallen Leaves is the fifth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain .
`` Diggin ' on You '' is a song by American R&B girl group TLC , taken from their second studio album , CrazySexyCool ( 1994 ) .
The Spin ( 1989 ) is the seventh studio album from the jazz group Yellowjackets , and their fourth and final release for the MCA label .
`` I Need Air '' is the debut single by British electronic music project Magnetic Man released from their debut album Magnetic Man .
Velociraptor ! is the fourth studio album by English rock band Kasabian , released on 16 September 2011 .
I 'd Like a Virgin is the third album from Richard Cheese , released April 20 , 2004 .
Lost Pearls is a collection of out - takes recorded by the rock band Wishbone Ash between 1978 and 1982 , released in 2004 .
Have I Offended Someone ? is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa , and was posthumously released in 1997 .
Expletive Delighted ! is a 1986 album by folk rock band Fairport Convention .
Walking Down is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label .
`` Hit That '' is a pop punk song released by the American punk rock band The Offspring .
Here 's to Special Treatment is the second album ( cassette ) of Conor Oberst .
The Piano Artistry of Jonathan Edwards is a 1957 album of songs by Paul Weston and Jo Stafford in the guise of Jonathan and Darlene Edwards , a New Jersey lounge act who deliberately play the piano and sing off - key , putting their own interpretation on popular songs .
How to Measure a Planet ? is fifth studio album by the Dutch alternative rock band The Gathering .
`` After the World '' is a song by Christian hard rock band Disciple from their 2006 album Scars Remain .
Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma ( or simply , Infinite Rider ) is Michael Nesmith 's ninth post - Monkees studio album and the third studio album from his own company , Pacific Arts Records & Tapes .
Where Is My Castle is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist , Connie Smith .
`` Schrei nach Liebe '' ( `` Scream for love '' ) is a punk song by Die Ärzte .
Beautiful Friction is the tenth studio album by British New Wave band The Fixx , released on July 17 , 2012 .
This and of That is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band Chronic Future .
Industrial Zen is an album by John McLaughlin , released in 2006 through the record label C&B Media .
`` Doe Boy Fresh '' is a song by rap group Three 6 Mafia , originally the first single from their ninth studio album , Last 2 Walk , but was ultimately cut from the album .
`` ( Lay Your Head on My ) Pillow '' is a song by American R&B group Tony ! Toni ! Toné!.
Spider Smile is the seventh full - length release by Tarwater , an electronic music group from Berlin , Germany .
Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday is the fourth and final album of the band Bamboo .
`` Chi ( Who ) '' is a 2008 Italian language debut single by Aram Quartet an Italian group of artists who won the first season of Italian series of The X Factor in 2008 .
Pressure Cookin ' is the third album by American singing trio Labelle , released in August 1973 .
You Did n't Like It Because You Did n't Think of It is an album by British pop group Hotlegs .
Il nostro caro angelo ( Our dear angel ) is an album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti .
Take It from the Man ! is the third studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre , released on May 28 , 1996 .
`` Everything She Wants '' is a million - selling Gold - certified hit by British pop duo Wham ! , originally released in 1984 on Epic Records on a double A - side with `` Last Christmas '' .
I Missed Us is the fourth studio album by American R&B group SWV released on April 17 , 2012 .
`` Ca n't Give You Anything ( But My Love ) '' was a UK # 1 single in August 1975 for three weeks by The Stylistics .
How to Make Friends is the debut album by the Icelandic band FM Belfast , released in 2008 .
`` It 's Amazing '' is the first single released by Jem from her second album Down to Earth .
Lollapaloozers is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show , which was first released in December 1993 .
Heal Me is the seventh studio album by New Zealand dub band Salmonella Dub .
Fuckin ' A is the eighth and final full - length album by the grindcore band Anal Cunt .
Levolution is the second studio album by Australian rock band Juke Kartel , and the first American released album .
`` Te Perdiste Mi Amor '' ( `` You lost my love '' ) is a Latin pop - bachata song recorded by Mexican recording artist Thalía featuring American singer - songwriter Prince Royce , and included in her eleventh studio album Habítame Siempre .
Standing Hampton is Sammy Hagar 's sixth solo album , his first after moving from Capitol Records to Geffen .
Out of Nothing is the fourth studio album by English rock band Embrace .
Nig - Latin is the debut studio album by rapper Mistah F.A.B. , released on March 11 , 2003 .
`` I Predict a Riot '' is a song by Kaiser Chiefs , appearing on their debut album Employment .
`` King Kong Song '' ( originally `` Mr. Sex '' ) , written and composed by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus , is the name of a 1974 recording by Swedish pop group ABBA , included on their album Waterloo .
Necesito tus besos ( Spanish : I need your kiss ) is the tenth studio album by Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz .
`` Odessa ( City on the Black Sea ) '' is a song by the English rock band the Bee Gees , written by Barry , Robin & Maurice Gibb in 1968 and released in early 1969 .
In Ghost Colours is the second studio album by the Australian band Cut Copy .
`` Like It 's Her Birthday '' is a song by American rock band Good Charlotte from their fifth studio album , Cardiology ( 2010 ) .
Love and Its Opposite is the third solo album by former Everything but the Girl singer Tracey Thorn , released on 17 May 2010 .
`` The Motown Song '' is a song performed by Rod Stewart and featuring The Temptations .
This Is Where I Came In is the 22nd and final studio album released by the English band the Bee Gees .
Niles Littlebig is an album by Randy Weston 's African Rhythms recorded in 1969 in Paris and originally released on the French Polydor label .
We 'd Like to Teach the World to Sing is the name given to two albums by UK pop group The New Seekers .
`` Sueños Rotos '' ( Broken Dreams ) is La 5ª Estación 's third single released from their third studio album , El mundo se equivoca .
Saints of Los Angeles is the ninth and final studio album by the American glam metal band Mötley Crüe , released on June 24 , 2008 .
`` I Found U '' is a single by Swedish DJ Axwell featuring Max'C.
Bach to the Blues is an album performed by the Ramsey Lewis Trio that was recorded in 1964 and released on the Argo label .
One Sided Story was the second album by Canadian college rock band The Pursuit of Happiness , released in 1990 .
`` Heartbeat Slowing Down '' is a song by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released as the third and final single from their fourth studio album Kids in the Street on October 15 , 2012 .
Dream Days at the Hotel Existence is the sixth studio album by Australian rock band Powderfinger , released by Universal Music on 2 June 2007 in Australia , 19 November 2007 in the United Kingdom , and 11 November 2008 in the United States on the Dew Process label .
Anywhere Out of the Everything is the second album from American alternative hip hop producer Telephone Jim Jesus .
The Far East Suite is an album by Duke Ellington and his orchestra , recorded in New York City on 19 December to 21 December 1966 .
`` Wandering Eye '' is a single released from the band Fat Freddy 's Drop in 2005 .
Tur kaut kam ir jābūt is an album from the Latvian band Brainstorm .
`` Start Me Up '' is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on the 1981 album Tattoo You .
Songs from the 86 Tram is the third full - length album by the ARIA - nominated Australian musical comedian The Bedroom Philosopher , the performing persona of Justin Heazlewood .
Bad Mother Trucker is an album by American punk rock band Ten Foot Pole .
The Dust of Years is the third studio album by the British metal band Seventh Angel , released 24 June 2009 .
`` Unknown Caller '' is a song by Irish rock band U2 and the fourth track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon .
Moja bogda sna is the first solo album of the Bosnian singer Dino Merlin , after five Merlin band albums .
You Follow Me is a collaborative studio album between American singer - songwriter Nina Nastasia and Australian drummer Jim White .
`` Can I Sit Next to You , Girl '' is the debut single by Australian hard rock band AC / DC issued on 22 July 1974 .
`` Color Esperanza '' ( approximately in English : The `` Hope '' Color ) is the lead single from Diego Torres 's fifth studio album Un Mundo Diferente .
Začarani krug ( English : The Magic Circle ) is the sixteenth studio album by pop - folk singer Lepa Brena .
`` I 'd Like To '' is the fourth single , released from English soul singer Corinne Bailey Rae 's debut album , Corinne Bailey Rae .
`` You 're Not Sorry '' is a country rock song performed by American singer - songwriter Taylor Swift .
Enregistreur is an album by Montreal based band Exhaust .
Tengo Tanto is an album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Manny Manuel .
All Hope Is Gone is the fourth studio album by the American heavy metal band Slipknot .
Your Piece of the Rock is the debut album by the Los Angeles , California - based R&B group Dynasty ( band ) .
Different Things is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd .
`` Came Back Haunted '' is a single by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails , from their eighth studio album , Hesitation Marks .
Viva Last Blues is an album by Palace Music , featuring Will Oldham on vocals and guitar .
Before We Were So Rudely Interrupted is a 1977 reunion album from The Animals , billed here as The Original Animals .
Walking Among the Living is the fourth studio album released by American country music singer Jon Randall .
Even If and Especially When is the second full - length album by the Seattle band Screaming Trees released in 1987 .
`` Goddess on a Hiway '' is the first single from Mercury Rev 's fourth studio album , Deserter 's Songs .
Fanfare for the Comic Muse is the 1990 debut album by The Divine Comedy .
`` The Way That I Love You '' is a song recorded by American recording artist Ashanti , for her fourth studio album The Declaration ( 2008 ) .
Love Byrd is a 1981 album by Donald Byrd and 125th St , NYC , produced by Isaac Hayes and released on the Elektra label .
`` Leave Me Alone ( Ruby Red Dress ) '' was a million - selling , Gold - certified hit single for Helen Reddy in 1973 .
Another Wasted Night was the first full - length album from Boston , Massachusetts hardcore punk / speed metal band , Gang Green .
`` It 's a Summer Thang '' is the title of a Rap / R&B single by M - Doc featuring Chantay Savage , and Stevio from the 1995 album `` M. Doc Wit Stevio :
Matataku Hoshi no Shita de ( 瞬く星の下で English : Under the twinkling stars ) is the thirthy - seventh single by the Japanese Pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
Meeting Love ( Chinese : 遇上愛 ; pinyin : Yu Shang Ai ) , is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang 's ( Chinese : 楊丞琳 ) second Mandarin studio album .
Give ' Em More Rope is the second album from Ghoultown , released in 2002 on Angry Planet Records .
`` Focker '' is a song by UK band Late of the Pier , released on May 19 , 2008 as a double a - side with Space And The Woods .
`` You Wear It Well '' is a song written by Rod Stewart and Martin Quittenton , performed by Stewart .
Nasty Nasty is the third studio album by the American glam metal band Black ' n Blue .
Every Tuesday Sometimes Sunday is the name of the 1999 album by Australian singer / songwriter Bernie Hayes .
Not So Far Away is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Wideawake , released in 2005 .
Auf Ewig is a 2007 `` best of '' album by Joachim Witt .
Operator ( A Girl Like Me ) is a song by Canadian pop / rock singer Shiloh .
`` She 's Got It All '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart .
Fredhead is the fourth album by British pop group Right Said Fred .
Built on Squares is the second album by the indie pop band Starlight Mints .
Supergott is the second album by Swedish music group Caramell .
Brand Spankin ' New is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz ' band Zony Mash recorded in 1998 and released on the independent Knitting Factory label .
Unavenged is a 2011 album by Random Encounter ( band ) consisting of 17 songs , contemporary rock arrangements of the music from various video game soundtracks .
`` Made Me Hard '' is the third and last single to be released by The Whitlams from their fourth album , Love This City .
The Broadway Concert is a critically acclaimed live recording of a Broadway - themed concert given by Lea Salonga in Manila .
Me Está Gustando is the second album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario .
`` Fuckin ' Perfect '' ( stylized `` Perfect '' on the clean version , and as `` F**kin ' Perfect '' on the main cover ) is a song by American recording artist Pink , taken from her first greatest hits album Greatest Hits ...
Pandelirium is an LP released by Th ' Legendary Shack Shakers on February 7 , 2006 .
`` Crying Lightning '' is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys , released as the first single from their third album Humbug .
Pre - Release is the third EP by Motograter , released around 2009 .
`` Whatcha Gon na Do About It '' is the debut single released by the English rock group Small Faces , released in the UK on 6 August 1965 .
Rejoicing in the Hands ( full title Rejoicing in the Hands of the Golden Empress ) is the third studio album from psych folk musician Devendra Banhart and the second full release for the label Young God .
Space Under Sun is the second album by American singer , Ari Gold .
Nothing Less is an album by Krezip that debuted at # 1 in both the Netherlands and Belgium .
Head Injuries is the second studio album by Australian pub rockers , Midnight Oil , which was released in October 1979 on their own Powderworks label and distributed by Columbia Records .
No Silence is the fifth studio album released by German DJ and producer , ATB .
Ball of Design is an album by Dufus , released October 26 , 2004 .
231045 - 0637 is a rock album released in 1979 by Kim Larsen , a Danish rock musician .
`` Feelin ' Single '' is the second single by American R&B / Soul singer - songwriter - producer R. Kelly from his eleventh studio album Write Me Back .
Motor Booty Affair is an album by funk band Parliament .
How to Become Clairvoyant is the fifth solo release from Robbie Robertson .
9 to 5 and Odd Jobs is the 23rd solo studio album by Dolly Parton , and was released in late 1980 .
Elaborations is jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe 's fifth album for the Columbia label recorded in New York City in 1982 .
This Is the Moment ! ( subtitled Kenny Dorham Sings and Plays ) is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances recorded in 1958 and released on the Riverside label .
`` Green Lights '' is a song by American rapper and singer Aloe Blacc , with music and lyrics by Jeffrey Scott Silverman , Leon Marcus Michels , Nicholas Anthony Movshon , E. Nathaniel Dawkins and produced by Leon Michels and Jeff Dynamite .
The Intimacy of the Blues is a studio album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1967 and 1970 , and released on the Fantasy label in 1986 .
Way Down Here is the fourth album by Canadian alternative country group Cuff the Duke , released September 8 , 2009 on Noble Recordings in Canada and Ernest Jenning Record Co. in the US .
In Space is the fourth studio album by the American rock group Big Star , released in 2005 .
`` Brooklyn Zoo '' is the debut single by American hip - hop artist Ol' Dirty Bastard from the album , Return to the 36 Chambers :
`` Hard Habit to Break '' is a song written by Steve Kipner and John Lewis Parker produced and arranged by David Foster and recorded by the group Chicago for their 1984 album Chicago 17 , with Bill Champlin and Peter Cetera sharing lead vocals .
Mail Order Magic is the second solo album by singer Roger Chapman and his then band The Shortlist , released in 1980 .
Transfiguration of Vincent , released in 2003 , is the third studio album by singer - songwriter M. Ward .
Zonked ! is the third studio album by Dee Dee Ramone released in 1997 on Other Peoples Music .
Infrared Roses is a live compilation album by the Grateful Dead .
Standin ' On the Never Never was the first release by Danish rock band D - A - D , then known as Disneyland After Dark .
`` Take It EZ '' is the debut single by Chicago rapper Common from his debut album Can I Borrow a Dollar ? .
`` Da ' Dip '' is a song written and recorded by American hip - hop artist Freak Nasty .
La Calle de las Sirenas was Kabah 's second album and the band 's most successful material .
Through the Past , Darkly ( Big Hits Vol . 2 ) is The Rolling Stones ' second official compilation album , released in 1969 shortly following Brian Jones 's departure from the group and subsequent death .
`` Do n't You '' is a song written by Otha Young and Johnny Pierce , and recorded by American country music group The Forester Sisters .
No End of Love is a bluegrass album by American musician John Hartford , released in 1996 ( see 1996 in music ) .
The Main Monkey Business is an instrumental from Rush 's 2007 album Snakes & Arrows .
Kokaiinum is the fourth studio album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed .
Parallels of Infinite Torture is the fourth studio album by American death metal band Disgorge .
Procurado is the second album from Brazilian blues / rock band O Bando do Velho Jack , and was released in 1999 .
The Hall of the Olden Dreams is the second full - length album released by Spanish power metal band Dark Moor .
`` Cross My Mind '' was a single released in 2005 by American R&B / soul singer / songwriter Jill Scott and from her second album , Beautifully Human :
Diamonds in the Dirt is the second album by British blues artist Joanne Shaw Taylor .
You , Baby is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the CTI label featuring performances by Adderley with Jerome Richardson , Joe Zawinul , Ron Carter , and Grady Tate and an orchestra arranged and conducted by Bill Fischer .
Show It Off is a 2010 music album by British Indian singer Amar .
Every Moss and Cobweb is the third album of the Filipino band Typecast .
`` Stay in the Middle '' is a pop ballad by Hill featuring Samantha Mumba .
I 'm One of You is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams , Jr. This album was released on November 18 , 2003 on the Curb Records label .
Red Dirt Girl is an Emmylou Harris album from 2000 , which reached # 3 on the Billboard country album charts and won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album in 2001 .
Mona Lisa & Others is an album released in 1981 by Australian Rock & Roll singer Barry Stanton .
`` Stoopid ! '' ( stylized as Stoopid ¡ ) is a 2011 song by the singer CeCe Peniston .
Return to Fantasy is the eighth studio album released by British rock band Uriah Heep , the first with John Wetton as the new bassist .
Wild Gals A Go - Go is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. , self released in 1999 .
Psychogrotesque is the fifth studio album by the Italian / Norwegian industrial black metal band Aborym .
Rise of the Imperial Hordes is the first studio album by black metal band Krieg .
`` One Step Forward '' is a song written by Chris Hillman and Bill Wildes , and recorded by American country rock group The Desert Rose Band .
Gon na Ball is the second album from the rockabilly band Stray Cats .
`` Burn Down the Mission '' is the tenth and final song on Elton John 's album Tumbleweed Connection , released in 1970 .
Introspective is the third studio album by the English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys .
No Cure for Cancer is one of Denis Leary 's standup routines from the early 1990s .
Gloryhallastoopid ( Or Pin the Tale on the Funky ) is a 1979 album by the funk ensemble Parliament .
Baby , the Stars Shine Bright is the third album by Everything but the Girl , released in 1986 .
`` ADD SUV '' is a song by the electronic artist Uffie .
Re - Animated Dead Flesh is the fifth full - length studio album by Mortician .
The Blackpool Letters is the second studio album by the American singer / songwriter Scott Liss and the first recorded with his band the Sixty - Six .
Trozos de Mi Alma ( Eng . : `` Pieces of My Soul '' ) is the third studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on January 26 , 1999 .
True Obsessions is the fourth studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman , released on April 17 , 1996 through Toshiba EMI ( Japan ) and October 8 , 1996 through Shrapnel Records ( United States ) .
These Cities , Our Graves is the first full length album released by the New Zealand Metalcore band Antagonist A.D ..
The Remote Part is the third album by Scottish rock band Idlewild , released on 15 July 2002 .
DAAS Icon ( also known as Icon ) is the first and to date only studio album recorded and released by Australian comedy trio , the Doug Anthony All Stars .
Habemus Capa is the third studio album by the Italian rapper Caparezza , released on May 24 , 2006 .
The remix , known as `` Not Tonight ( Ladies Night Remix ) '' ( 1997 ) was released as a single and was performed by Lil ' Kim , Da Brat , Missy Elliott , Angie Martinez and Lisa `` Left Eye '' Lopes `` and was featured on the Nothing to Lose soundtrack .
Love & Understanding is the seventh studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang , released in 1976 .
`` Nothing Broken but My Heart '' is a song from Celine Dion 's eponymous album .
Ecliptica is the first full - length album by the power metal band Sonata Arctica .
Fernando Sucre , played by Amaury Nolasco , is a fictional character from the American television series , Prison Break .
Receiving Transmission is the second and final album released by Australian punk rock band One Dollar Short in 2004 .
Bra vibrationer ( English : Good Vibrations ) is a 1985 studio album from Swedish country and pop singer Kikki Danielsson .
Even So was the seventh studio album by Japanese singer - songwriter Bonnie Pink , released on the Warner Music Japan label on May 12 , 2004 .
`` Liquid Lives '' is the second single by British band Hadouken!.
Malikat Jamal Al Kawn ( MJK ; English : `` Miss Universe '' ) is an Arabic Music album by Haifa Wehbe , released on May 8 , 2012 .
Reachin ' , released in 2002 , is the first studio album from the jam band Family Groove Company .
`` Shake a Tail Feather '' ( Otha Hayes , Verlie Rice , and Andre Williams ) is a song originally recorded in 1963 by the Chicago - based group The Five Du - Tones .
So Dark You See is a 2009 studio album by folk singer - songwriter John Gorka .
`` Cruisin ' the Streets '' is a disco song released in 1981 by the Boys Town Gang .
Death and Progress is the fourth studio album released by the British heavy metal band Diamond Head in 1993 , through Castle Music Ltd. This was Diamond Head 's first album since Canterbury , released 10 years earlier .
`` Luv U Better '' is a song by LL Cool J , released as the lead single from his ninth studio album , 10 ( 2002 ) .
`` I 'm So Tired '' is a song by the Beatles from their double - disc album The Beatles ( also known as The White Album ) .
The Pick of Destiny is the second album by American comedy rock band Tenacious D , the soundtrack for their film of the same name .
A Genuine Tong Funeral is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton featuring compositions by Carla Bley recorded in 1967 and released on the RCA label .
On Land and in the Sea is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Cardiacs .
Jabr - e Joghrafiyaei ( Persian : جبر جغرافیایی ) is the second official studio album by the Iranian singer - songwriter Mohsen Namjoo after Toranj .
`` True Devotion '' is a pop ballad , song performed by British singer Samantha Fox and written by Lol Mason and Mark Shreeve .
`` You and I Tonight '' is the third single from Canadian rock band Faber Drive 's Juno - nominated second album , Ca n't Keep a Secret .
Lay Your Burden Down is a studio album by Buckwheat Zydeco , released in 2009 through Alligator Records .
Angelbite is the fifth studio album by Dutch rock and roll band Claw Boys Claw .
`` You Sound Like Louis Burdett '' is the lead single by The Whitlams from their 3rd album , Eternal Nightcap .
Truthdare Doubledare is the second album ( released in 1986 on MCA Records ) by the British dance band Bronski Beat , and their first album to feature John Foster as vocalist .
Dirt Farmer is an album by American musician Levon Helm , former drummer for the Band .
Forever Since Breakfast is the debut Guided by Voices record , released on vinyl in 1986 .
Honky 's Ladder is an extended play single by the band The Afghan Whigs .
Different Slanguages is the sixth album by rapper Messy Marv aka MessCalen .
Amor a la Mexicana ( English : Mexican - style love ) is the fifth studio album by Mexican singer Thalía .
Only Inhuman is the second studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Sonic Syndicate .
Sound Venture is a jazz album recorded by Georgie Fame and the Harry South Big Band in 1966 .
`` Anyway , Anyhow , Anywhere '' was a single released by The Who in 1965 .
`` 夜にはぐれて ( Where Were You Last Night ) '' ( aka `` Yoru ni Hagurete ( Where Were You Last Night ) '' ) was Wink 's eighth single .
Nasty Little Thoughts is the third studio album from the alternative rock band , Stroke 9 .
`` The Flying Lip Lock '' is a live single by Ted Nugent from his second live album Intensities in 10 Cities .
When Dream and Day Unite is the debut studio album by American progressive metal / progressive rock band Dream Theater , released in 1989 through Mechanic / MCA Records .
Soundin ' Off is an album by Jamaican - born jazz trumpeter Dizzy Reece .
Warren Mears is a fictional character that is portrayed by Adam Busch in the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
`` Ando Bien Pedo '' ( Mexican Slang for `` I 'm Very Drunk '' ) is a song performed by Mexican group Banda Los Recoditos .
LeftRightLeftRightLeft is a live album by British alternative rock band Coldplay , released at 9:00 am GMT on 15 May 2009 .
Olivia 's Greatest Hits Vol . 2 is the second hits collection from English - born , Australian pop singer Olivia Newton - John released in September 1982 .
`` 777 ( We Can Sing a Song ! ) '' ( stylized `` 777 ～ We can sing a song ! ～ '' ) is a song by Japanese pop group AAA .
Nogatco Rd . is the eighth album by Kool Keith , the first under the alter - ego Mr. Nogatco .
When It Was Done is an album by Brazilian keyboardist Walter Wanderley featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the CTI label .
`` Word on a Wing '' is a song written and recorded by David Bowie in 1975 for the Station to Station album , where it appears as the closing track of the LP 's first side .
Banking , Violence and the Inner Life Today was the third and final album by the band McCarthy .
Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf was a 2005 album that combined the orchestral composition Peter and the Wolf by Sergei Prokofiev with a 2002 composition , Wolf Tracks , which had its score written by French composer Jean - Pascal Beintus and text written by Walt Kraemer .
Music Complete is the tenth studio album by English rock band New Order .
Umanamente uomo : il sogno ( Humanly man : the dream ) is an album by the Italian singer - songwriter Lucio Battisti .
Koek n Jam is the debut album by Namibian kwaito star Qonja .
Polk Salad Annie is a 1968 song written and performed by Tony Joe White .
Between Darkness and Wonder is the title of Lamb 's fourth album released in 2003 .
`` It 's Getting Boring by the Sea '' is a single by the Brighton - based band Blood Red Shoes released on 4 June 2007 .
We Still Crunk ! ! is the second studio album by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz .
`` Tell Me What U Know '' was the third single released by the German hard rock band Bonfire that had not appeared on a previously released album .
`` Tire Me '' is the 6th song from the album Evil Empire by Rage Against the Machine .
Stilelibero ( Freestyle ) is the eighth studio album by Italian pop / rock singer Eros Ramazzotti , released in 2000 on the BMG label .
Prvi poljubac ( English translation : First Kiss ) is the fifteenth album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić .
Hear My Heart is the 2nd album of the Filipino singer , actress , host , model and Myx VJ Nikki Gil .
One with the Sun is the second studio album by New York electronica duo Shy Child .
`` Bite Your Lip ( Get Up and Dance ! ) '' is a song co - written by British pop musician Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin .
Throwed in da Game is the second album by southern rapper Fat Pat . Fat Pat has said that the singles `` Dirty South '' and `` I 'm A Slicka '' were inspired by author James Baldwin 's semi - autobiographical novel Go Tell It On The Mountain .
Remember June is the third studio album by Australian Idol 2006 winner Damien Leith .
`` Before the Worst '' is a song by Irish band The Script , released as the fifth and final single from their self - titled debut album The Script .
Perishable Fruit is singer - songwriter Patty Larkin 's seventh album .
Visor i närheten ( English : Nearby songs ) is an album by the Swedish folk singer - songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström .
`` Put Your Hands Up 4 Detroit '' is a song written and produced by Dutch electronic producer and DJ Fedde le Grand .
Hey , Come On ! was Shinhwa 's fourth album and it debuted at # 3 .
U tvojim očima is the sixth studio album by the Sarajevo band Crvena jabuka .
Adriana Partimpim is an album by the Brazilian singer and songwriter Adriana Calcanhotto .
`` 100 Black Coffins '' is a song by American rapper Rick Ross , taken from the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino 's film Django Unchained .
De Vuelta a Casa ( Back to home ) is a studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Eddie Santiago , returning to Rodven label in 1996 .
Skinny & Proud is the second album by rap group , The Skinny Boys .
Dievča do dažďa ( English : Rainy Day Girl ) is the debut album by Slovak singer - songwriter Marika Gombitová , released on OPUS in 1979 .
Pocket Full of Holes was an album independently released in Canada on December 1 , 2008 , in hopes of a big follow up to the Brandon Paris Band 's breakthrough album On My Own .
Bone & Bari is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 1572 .
`` Officially Yours '' is the fourth and final single taken from Craig David 's fourth album Trust Me , released in the UK on 23 June 2008 .
Tonwelle is the second album by Klaus Schulze released under the name of Richard Wahnfried .
In the Dynamite Jet Saloon is rock band The Dogs D'Amour 's second studio album , released in 1988 .
`` Roc the Mic '' is the first single to be released from the soundtrack of the 2002 crime film State Property and was performed by Beanie Sigel and Freeway .
`` Ivy & Gold '' is the first single by British alternative rock band Bombay Bicycle Club from their second studio album , Flaws .
Go Faster is the fifteenth official studio album by guitarist / vocalist Richie Kotzen .
`` Paperthin Hymn '' is the second single from alternative rock band Anberlin 's second album Never Take Friendship Personal .
`` Blood on Fire '' ( stylized as `` BLOOD on FIRE '' ) is the debut single by Japanese pop group AAA .
Under the Same Stars is an album by the American indie band The Prom .
`` HOFX '' is a 12 `` EP by NOFX that includes two songs from the Punk in Drublic period .
`` Not at All '' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1989 .
`` When the President Talks to God '' is a protest song by Bright Eyes , with a very pointed political message directed towards George W. Bush and his policies .
The Pavilion of Dreams is the second album from composer Harold Budd .
The Clans Will Rise Again is Grave Digger 's 15th album .
Stage Left is Martin Barre 's fourth studio CD , released in 2003 .
`` Thank You for a Lifetime '' is a 2008 single by Cliff Richard to coincide with the 50th anniversary of his musical career .
I See a Darkness is an album by Bonnie `` Prince '' Billy , a moniker of American musician Will Oldham .
`` Lose Yourself to Dance '' is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk , featuring vocals from American singer Pharrell Williams .
Vu Par , an album of remixed Autour de Lucie tracks , was released in 2001 on the Le Village Vert label and in 2002 on the Sony International label .
Kär och galen is the sixth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell .
`` Sunshine , Lollipops and Rainbows '' is a popular song sung by Lesley Gore .
Universal Daddy is the 6th single by Alphaville , and their second from their album Afternoons in Utopia .
Lie Back and Think of England is an album by British folk music group Oysterband , released in 1983 .
`` Baby I Do n't Care '' was the sixth single from UK pop rock band Transvision Vamp and the first to be taken from their second album Velveteen .
`` Revolution in the Classroom '' was a single released by the Ex Pistols ; despite its packaging , the record has nothing to do with the Sex Pistols .
Hold On Pain Ends is the fourth album from post - hardcore band The Color Morale .
Synchronised Swimmers is the second album by Icelandic artist Hafdís Huld .
Tatay is the second release and first full album by Gorky 's Zygotic Mynci .
The Noise We Make is the first commercial solo release by Chris Tomlin through sixstepsrecords in 2001 .
Good Ways is reggae singer Sizzla 's fifth studio album .
`` This Is the World We Live In '' is a eurodance song performed by Swedish band Alcazar .
`` Lotus Flower Bomb '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Wale , released as the lead single from his second studio album Ambition .
Silky Soul is the seventh studio album and ninth overall album by Bay Area - based R&B group Maze .
Pickin ' the Blues is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson , released in 1985 .
Moseley Shoals is a 1996 album by the British rock group Ocean Colour Scene which was released during the Britpop era .
Keep Your Wig On is the fourth studio album released by the rock band Fastball .
With Devils Amongst Us All is the third full - length album from metalcore band Walls of Jericho .
The Third Antichrist is the third full - length album by the Swedish blackened death metal band Necrophobic .
`` Almost Saturday Night '' is a song written by John Fogerty and first released on his 1975 album John Fogerty .
`` No Son of Mine '' is the first single by the British rock group Genesis from their 1991 album We Ca n't Dance , which reached No . 6 in the UK and No . 12 in the U.S. , and was a top ten hit in most of continental Europe .
Unknown Pleasures is the debut album by the English post - punk band Joy Division .
' Night Fishing Is Good ' Tour 2008 in Sapporo ( stylized as 「 NIGHT FISHING IS GOOD」TOUR 2008 in SAPPORO ) is a live extended play by Japanese band Sakanaction .
Sing Me Something New is the first solo album by Portuguese pop rock singer David Fonseca .
They Do n't Change Under Moonlight is the debut mini album from Welsh rock band Tiger Please which was released 2 November 2009 .
`` Bird on the Wire '' is one of Leonard Cohen 's signature songs .
Forensic Follies is the twenty - fifth studio album by avant - garde guitarist Buckethead , and the sixth album to be originally released on tour , first being sold at Buckethead 's May 2009 concerts .
Ta Pio Megala S'agapo ( Greek : Τα Πιό Μεγάλα Σ'αγαπώ ; English : The biggest I love you ) is the name of the first Greek - language mainstream album and third studio album overall by Greek musical group C : Real .
Unleashed , Uncensored , Unknown is the first video album by American metal band Fozzy .
How You Luv That Vol . 2 is the second album by rap duo Big Tymers released in later 1998 .
Infestissumam ( Latin superlative adjective meaning very or most hostile , used by the band as `` the most hostile '' or `` the biggest threat '' in reference to the Antichrist ) is the second full - length album by Swedish heavy metal band Ghost .
`` Been There '' is a song written and recorded by American country music artists Clint Black and Steve Wariner that peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 2000 .
Old Train is the fourth album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene .
Collecting Sunlight is the first EP from Swedish artist Andreas Moe .
Boys Meet U is the second Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band Shinee , released on June 26 , 2013 in Japan by EMI Records Japan .
`` I 'm Getting Used to You '' is the title of the fourth single released by Selena from the album Dreaming of You .
Candlize is the second album by Hitomi Yaida released on 31 October 2001 .
`` ( Hurt Me , Hurt Me ) But the Pants Stay On '' is a pop rock song by British singer Samantha Fox .
Dark Space III is the third album by the Swiss black metal band Darkspace .
Swingin ' with Bud is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell , released in 1958 by RCA Victor , featuring a session Powell recorded in 1957 .
Die geilste Single der Welt ( German for The Horniest Single in the World ) is a song by German eurodance group E - Rotic .
`` The Narrow Way '' is a section on the studio half of Pink Floyd 's fourth album Ummagumma .
Seelenschmerz ( Soulache ) is the second album by Blutengel .
Songs from Liquid Days is a collection of songs composed by composer Philip Glass with lyrics by Paul Simon , Suzanne Vega , David Byrne and Laurie Anderson .
Al Kebeer Kebeer ( Arabic : الكبير كبير ) , is a mini album by Amr Mostafa , and was released in 2009 to be the first mini - album in the Arab world .
The Bottom Half is the fifth album from progressive rock group Umphrey 's McGee recorded during the band 's 2005/2006 sessions of their previous studio effort Safety in Numbers .
Wiggly , Wiggly Christmas , released on 6 September 1996 is The Wiggles ' seventh album and the group 's first Christmas album .
Cuero Caliente ( Hot Leather ) is the fourth album recorded by the Argentine rock band Vox Dei .
The album was released under his birth name Åge Sten Nilsen , but the album title GLAMunition features GLAM in it , which is his stagename when he 's playing with his glam metal band Wig Wam .
`` Living on an Island '' is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1979 .
`` My Yiddishe Momme '' is a song written by Jack Yellen ( words and music ) and Lew Pollack ( music ) , first recorded by Willie Howard , and was made famous in Vaudeville by Belle Baker and by Sophie Tucker , and later by the Barry Sisters .
Disco Blood is the fifth album by the band Dorso .
Culinaire Lingus is an album by the French progressive rock band Ange .
Reel ' N ' Roll is a Rawlins Cross album .
`` Comme j'ai mal '' ( English : `` How Much I Suffer '' ) is a 1995 song recorded by French singer - songwriter Mylène Farmer .
The Elementary Doctor Watson ! is the title of a studio album by American country music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson , released in 1972 .
`` Do n't Cry Anymore '' ( stylized as `` do n't cry anymore '' ) is Japanese singer - songwriter miwa 's debut major label single , released on March 3 , 2010 .
Kost u grlu ( trans . Bone in the Throat ) is the 1979 debut album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba .
Holy Weather is the second album by South African alternative rock band Civil Twilight .
Live at Montreux 1980/1974 is the first official DVD by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison .
Flyday is the seventh album by the German jazz rock band Kraan .
Easy Listening ... is Pigface 's 2003 album , their first since 1997 's A New High in Low .
`` Pressing On '' is a song by the Christian rock band Relient K , and it is featured on their second album , The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek .
Supersized is the debut studio album of drum & bass DJ , producer and musician Danny Byrd .
`` I 'd Love to Change the World '' is a song by the British blues rock band Ten Years After .
`` 100 Years '' is a song written and recorded by American recording artist Five for Fighting ( John Ondrasik ) .
`` Trashy Women '' is a song recorded by country music singer Jerry Jeff Walker in 1989 and later by the band Confederate Railroad .
Slow Rollers is a compilation album of ballads by The Rolling Stones released in 1981 .
Every One of Us is an album by Eric Burdon & The Animals .
`` Imma Be '' is a song performed by the American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas taken from their fifth studio album The E.N.D. The song 's title is a slang expression , meaning `` I am going to be '' or `` I will be '' ( something or some activity ) .
`` Never Give Up on a Good Thing '' was a single by American R&B singer George Benson , which entered the UK Singles Chart on 23 January 1982 .
Deep in the Shed is the second studio album by the blind jazz pianist Marcus Roberts , a protégé of trumpet player Wynton Marsalis .
9 Degrees West of the Moon is the 6th studio album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine .
A Small Deadly Space is the second and final full length studio album from the heavy metal band Fight , released first in Japan on April 12 , 1995 with 11 tracks via Sony Music Entertainment .
State of Feeling Concentration ( 2001 ) was the first full - length release from the newly minted The Rocking Horse Winner .
The Pleasure and the Greed is the second album by Canadian hard rock Big Wreck and the last released before their break - up .
`` No Shelter '' is a politically charged song released by Rage Against the Machine in 1998 that was featured on the Godzilla soundtrack .
The Water & the Blood is the third studio album from Christian indie musician Dustin Kensrue , which was released on September 30 , 2013 by BEC Recordings and Mars Hill Music , and the album was produced by Brian Eichelberger .
`` ¿ Por Qué Te Tengo Que Olvidar ? '' ( `` Why Do I Have to Forget You ? '' ) is a song written by Luis Ángel , Edwin Apolinaris and Tommy Villarini , performed by Puerto Rican - American singer - songwriter José Feliciano .
Olos ( 2000 ) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste .
The Design is the first full - length album by the mathcore / metalcore band Into the Moat .
Ligfærd ( Funeral March / Journey of the Dead ) is the second full - length album by Danish one - man Black / Funeral Doom metal band Nortt , released in 2006 on Total Holocaust Records .
`` Who Knows Who '' is a collaboration song by English alternative rock band Muse and English hip hop artist Mike Skinner .
`` Fields of Joy '' is the third single by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz from his second studio album Mama Said , released in 1991 .
`` Dani California '' is a single from the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers ' ninth studio album , Stadium Arcadium .
Min önskejul was released in 1997 and is a Christmas album from Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen .
The Last Embrace is the final release by Spirit Caravan .
`` Elusive Butterfly '' is a popular song written by Bob Lind , released as a single in December 1965 , which reached # 5 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the adult contemporary chart in the spring of 1966 .
Victory Road to the King of Neo Visual Rock is a compilation album by Miyavi released on April 22 , 2009 .
`` Do You Like What You See '' is the debut single by German singer Ivy Quainoo who won the first series of The Voice of Germany .
As Statues Fell is an LP from Fear of God released by Off The Disk Records .
Run Come Save Me is the second studio album by English hip hop musician Roots Manuva .
Contemplating the Engine Room is a punk rock opera by Minutemen veteran Mike Watt .
`` Red Rocket Rising '' is the first single by BeForU with Avex Trax .
`` Army of Love '' is a single released by Estonian recording artist Kerli , from her shelved second studio album Utopia .
Bob Dinners and Larry Noodles Present Tubby Turdner 's Celebrity Avalanche is the seventh and final album by Thinking Fellers Union Local 282 , released on April 16 , 2001 through Communion Records .
This Was n't Our Plan is the 2011 EP by American electronic group Peachcake .
`` Get What You Want '' is a song by Operator Please and is the second single released in Australia on 27 October 2007 and the third in the United Kingdom on 17 February 2008 from their debut album , Yes Yes Vindictive .
`` Freakum Dress '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé from her second solo studio album B'Day ( 2006 ) .
`` N'oubliez pas '' ( English : Do n't forget ) is a song performed by French singer Lisa Angell .
Snowfall on Judgment Day is the fourth studio release of the progressive metal band Redemption .
Architecture & Morality is the third album by the British synthpop band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark , released in 1981 .
Ride the Lightning is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica .
`` Who You Wit '' is a 1997 single by rapper Jay - Z that is produced by Ski .
`` Better Than I Know Myself '' is a song by American recording artist Adam Lambert from his second studio album , Trespassing .
`` I 'm the Slime '' is a 1973 single by Frank Zappa and The Mothers from the album Over - Nite Sensation .
`` Pineapple Head '' is a 1993 song by Australian - New Zealand rock band Crowded House from their fourth studio album Together Alone .
`` Beauty and a Beat '' is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber from his third studio album Believe ( 2012 ) .
Siren Charms is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish metal band In Flames .
We Deserve Much Worse is the third and most recent studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound .
Lollipops & Politics was to be the second studio album by British recording artist V V Brown , initially planned to be released in February 2012 .
`` Hard Luck Woman '' is a song by American hard rock band Kiss and the lead single from their 1976 album , Rock and Roll Over .
`` Medicate '' is a song by the American rock band AFI , released as the first single from their 2009 album Crash Love .
The 1995 Sessions is a 2009 compilation album consisting of previously unreleased demo tracks previously recorded by Australian singer Dannii Minogue fourteen years earlier .
`` Check the Meaning '' is a song by English singer - songwriter Richard Ashcroft and is the opening track on his 2002 album Human Conditions .
LAShTAL is the second release by Current 93 , the first Mi - Mort was a split - album .
Ebbhead is the fourth album of the British EBM group Nitzer Ebb .
`` What Do I Know '' is the title of a debut song recorded by American country music group Ricochet .
In Living Cover is the second studio album by American singer - songwriter Jay Brannan , released in the United States on June 23 , 2009 .
`` Time Wo n't Let Me Go '' is a song by American alternative rock band The Bravery and is featured on their second album The Sun and the Moon .
Vocobeat is the fourth studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella .
`` I Missed the Bus '' is a song by American hip - hop duo Kris Kross .
Glidin ' Along is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label .
Last Days at the Lodge is the third studio album by singer - songwriter Amos Lee , released on June 24 , 2008 through Blue Note .
Watts in a Tank was the first album released by the Dutch musical group Diesel .
`` Lamplight '' is a song by the Bee Gees , released as the B - side of `` First of May '' , but featured as the single 's A - side in Germany .
`` Someone ( Laissons nous une chance ) '' is a song by American pop / rock band Hanson and French singer Emma Daumas .
Return of the Giant Slits is the second studio album by The Slits , released in 1981 by CBS Records on LP and cassette .
`` Do n't Lie '' is a song performed by American recording group The Black Eyed Peas , taken from their fourth studio album , Monkey Business ( 2005 ) .
Sagitario ( English Sagittarius ) is the 2nd studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel .
`` Working Class Man '' is a song performed and made famous by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes .
Enamo Aedho ( English : Something random ... ) is a song from the 2011 Tamil feature film Ko , composed by Harris Jayaraj and performed by Aalap Raju .
Haugbrot was an album released in 2001 by the Icelandic rock singer Megas .
The Great Burrito Extortion Case is Bowling for Soup 's seventh studio album released on November 7 , 2006 as their fifth album through Jive Records .
Soft Lights , Sweet Music is the fourth album by Detroit , Michigan - based R&B group Enchantment .
`` Part - Time Love '' is a song written by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne .
Home Fire was the fourth album by Irish musician / songwriter Ron Kavana .
The Decline of Country and Western Civilization , Pt . 2 is a 2006 album by Lambchop compiling out - takes from their previous albums .
`` Independent Love Song '' is a 1995 single by British indie / pop rock duo Scarlet , taken from their debut album Naked .
`` The Way to Begin '' is a Christian rock song from Christian rock / pop singer Krystal Meyers .
`` View from a Bridge '' is the second single to be released internationally from Kim Wilde 's second album , Select .
`` I Think I Can Beat Mike Tyson '' is the first single taken from DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince 's third studio album , And in This Corner ....
Deface the Music is a 1980 album by the band Utopia featuring Todd Rundgren , Roger Powell , Kasim Sulton , and John `` Willie '' Wilcox .
Soul Merchant is an album recorded by organist Sam Lazar and released on the Argo label .
Marcus ' Children is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear originally released in 1978 as Social Living .
Blackoustic is a collaborative acoustic album by Stratovarius and Cain 's Offering vocalist Timo Kotipelto and ex - Sonata Arctica and Cain 's Offering guitarist Jani Liimatainen ( credited as Kotipelto & Liimatainen ) .
`` I 'm Outta Time '' is a song by English rock band Oasis , featured on their seventh studio album , Dig Out Your Soul .
`` Feed the Tree '' is a song by Belly , released as the band 's first single from their debut album , Star , in 1993 .
Wasser i m Wind ( German for `` Water in the Wind '' ) is the tenth solo album by keyboardist Hans - Joachim Roedelius , best known for his work with Cluster , Harmonia , and Aquarello .
Wangaratta Wahine is an album by Australian band The Captain Matchbox Whoopee Band , released in 1974 and was their second album .
`` Loveeeeeee Song '' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna recorded for her seventh studio album Unapologetic ( 2012 ) .
The Cycle of Days and Seasons is the fifth full - length album by Leeds - based band Hood .
`` La Incondicional '' ( `` Unconditional '' ) is a pop song written , produced , and arranged by Juan Carlos Calderón and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel .
Hot Fun is the third album from Dayton with the ever popular redention of Sly and the Family Stone 's 1969 classic song Hot Fun in the Summertime .
Runaway Brides is the second and final studio album by Brides of Destruction released via Shrapnel Records on September 13 , 2005 .
So Long , Astoria is the fourth full - length album released by The Ataris on March 4 , 2003 .
`` Ein Lama in Yokohama '' is a 2005 song released by animated German crocodile , Schnappi .
`` Working for Vacation '' is the first single from Cibo Matto 's second album , Stereo
Epitome of Torture is the fourteenth album by the German thrash metal band Sodom .
`` Je vole '' is a 1978 song by French singer Michel Sardou and the title track of the same titled album Je vole by Sardou .
Never Said Goodbye is the second solo studio album by Welsh singer - songwriter Cerys Matthews .
Clarity In Darkness is the third album by The Resonance Association , and the second to be released on their own label mrsvee recordings in January 2010 .
`` Hopelessly '' is a pop song performed by English singer Rick Astley and written by Rob Fisher and himself .
Clásicos de la Provincia is the sixth album by Colombian singer / composer Carlos Vives .
Sjukdom ( English : Sickness ) is the fourth and final full - length album by Swedish black metal band Lifelover .
`` Vision of You '' is the fifth single from Belinda Carlisle 's Runaway Horses album , released in 1990 .
To Be Loved is the eighth studio album and sixth major label studio album by Canadian vocalist and songwriter Michael Bublé .
Carlos Javier Aloy Gomez , known as Aloy de valencia or simply Aloy ( born 19 August 1986 in Valencia ) , is a Spanish rapper .
Albert Emon ( born 24 June 1953 in Berre - l'Étang ) is French football manager who was most recently in charge of the Ligue 1 club AC Ajaccio .
Evelyn Opela ( born 4 February 1945 in Warnsdorf Sudetenland now Varnsdorf , Czech Republic ) is a German television actress .
Fernando Toranzo Fernández ( born September 12 , 1950 ) is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of San Luis Potosí on 2009 - 2015 .
Giovanni Brusca ( born February 20 , 1957 in San Giuseppe Jato ) is a former member of the Sicilian Mafia .
Guillermo Daniel de los Santos Viana ( born February 15 , 1991 in Montevideo ) , commonly known as Guillermo de los Santos , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Club Nacional de Football .
Marjut Rolig ( née Lukkarinen ; born 4 February 1966 in Lohja ) is a Finnish former Cross - country skier who competed during the early 1990s .
Małgorzata Omilanowska ( born 10 April 1960 in Warsaw ) is a Polish art historian and politician .
Getúlio Vargas Freitas Oliveira Júnior or simply Getúlio Vargas Junior ( born January 22 , 1983 in São Gonçalo ) , is a Brazilian Goalkeeper .
Cromwell Dixon was born in San Francisco ; later his family moved to Columbus , Ohio .
Dale Clevenger ( born 1940 in Chattanooga , Tennessee ) was the Principal Horn of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra from 1966 until his retirement in June , 2013 .
Daughter of renowned Australian anthropologist , Diane Bell , Genevieve Bell was born in Sydney and raised in a range of Australian communities , including Melbourne , Canberra , and in several indigenous communities in the Northern Territory .
Federico Pellegrino ( born 1 September 1990 in Aosta , but residing in Nus ) is an Italian cross - country skier .
Clem Thomas was born in Cardiff and educated at Blundell 's School and St. John 's College , Cambridge .
Adrian Goldberg ( born in Harborne , Warwickshire ) is an English journalist , radio and television presenter .
Joseph Bara , also written Barra ( 30 July 1779 in Palaiseau -- 7 December 1793 in Jallais ) was a young French republican drummer boy at the time of the Revolution .
Radu Jude ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈradu ˈʒude ) ; born March 28 , 1977 , Bucharest ) is a Romanian film director and scenarist .
Itzik Feffer was born in Shpola , a town in Zvenigorod uyezd ( district ) of Kiev guberniya , Imperial Russia .
Ivan Krylov was born in Moscow , but spent his early years in Orenburg and Tver .
Pete Buttigieg ( pronunciation : /ˈbutɪdʒɛɡ/ ; born January 19 , 1982 ) is an American politician who is the current and 32nd Mayor of South Bend , Indiana .
In his childhood , Marcelo Dourado started to practice Brazilian jiu jitsu and Judo in Porto Alegre , his hometown .
Leonard Lance was born in Easton , Pennsylvania , into a political family .
Clyde Fant was a native of Linden in Cass County , Texas .
Alexandra Nicole Michael ( born May 15 , 1990 , in Colleyville , Texas ) , known professionally as Ali Michael , is an American fashion model .
Mikael Daez was born in metro Manila to a family with eight siblings .
Manning currently runs a vocal studio on Music Row in Nashville TN `` Brett Manning Studios '' where he teaches along with his associate teachers Shelby Rollins , Jeff Mathena and Jason Catron .
Huang Hongtao began his football career with second - tier football club Guangzhou Apollo in the 1990 Chinese league season where he was part of the team that came runners - up and won promotion to the top tier .
Scott Snibbe ( born 1969 in New York City ) is an interactive media artist , researcher , and entrepreneur .
Maurizio Crozza ( born 5 December 1959 , in Genoa ) is an Italian comedian , actor and television presenter .
Emmit King ( born March 24 , 1959 in Bessemer , Alabama ) is a retired track and field sprinter from the United States , who twice was a member of the American Relay Team for the Summer Olympics ( 1984 and 1988 ) but he did n't compete .
Bruce Olson was born in 1941 in Saint Paul , Minnesota , the younger of two sons of Marcus and Inga Olson .
John - Paul Kelly , known as J.P. Kelly , is a professional poker player from Aylesbury , England .
Gregor Reisch ( born at Balingen in Württemberg , about 1467 ; died at Freiburg , Baden , 9 May 1525 ) was a German Carthusian humanist writer .
Dmitry Fofonov ( Kazakh : Дмитрий Фофонов ; born 15 August 1976 in Almaty ) is a former Kazakh professional road bicycle racer who was fired from UCI ProTeam Crédit Agricole for doping .
David Chiang Da - wei ( born Chiang Wei - nien on 29 June 1947 in Shanghai , Republic of China ) is a Hong Kong actor , director and producer .
Carel Sandon ( born 29 March 1983 , in Lubumbashi , Zaire ) is an Italian professional lightweight boxer .
Heinrich of Saxe - Weissenfels , Count of Barby ( b. Halle , 29 September 1657 - d. Barby , 16 February 1728 ) , was a German prince of the House of Wettin and count of Barby .
Erik Spiekermann ( born May 30 , 1947 in Stadthagen , Lower Saxony ) is a German typographer and designer .
Wynonie Harris ( August 24 , 1915 -- June 14 , 1969 ) , born in Omaha , Nebraska , was an American blues shouter and rhythm and blues singer of upbeat songs , featuring humorous , often ribald lyrics .
Robert - Georg Freiherr von Malapert , the second oldest of six children , was born on 7 August 1912 in Darmstadt .
Sabyasachi Mukherjee ( born 1974 ) is an Indian fashion designer from Kolkata .
Fernando Godoy ( born 1 May 1990 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos F.C. as a Midfielder .
Alberto Agnesi ( born November 21 , 1977 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a Mexican telenovela and stage actor .
Martin Weinek ( born June 30 , 1964 in Leoben , Styria ) is an Austrian actor , character actor , wine producer , entrepreneur and entertainer , perhaps best known for his role in the television series Inspector Rex ( as Inspector Fritz Kunz ) .
Hilario Durán ( born 1953 , Havana ) is a Cuban jazz pianist .
Sergey Usov ( Russian : Сергей Усов ; born 16 January 1964 in Tashkent ) is a retired Belarusian athlete who specialised in the sprint hurdles .
Selim Sesler was born at Yenimescit neighborhood in Keşan town of Edirne Province in 1957 .
Mirko Trosino ( born October 19 , 1992 in San Miniato ) is an Italian cyclist riding for Southeast--
Major General Patrick Cammaert ( Dutch : ( ˈpɛtrɪk ˈkɑmaːrt ) , born April 11 , 1950 , Alkmaar ) is a Dutch general who was serving as the United Nations Force Commander for the Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Samuel Azu Crabbe was born at James Town , a suburb of Accra , the capital of Ghana .
Maciej Kowalczyk ( born March 6 , 1977 in Wrocław ) is a Polish football striker currently playing for Olimpia Grudziądz .
Ernst Rabel was born in Vienna , as the son of Albert Rabel and Bertha Rabel ( née Ettinger ) .
Patrycja Markowska ( born 21 December 1979 , in Warsaw ) is a Polish pop rock singer .
Pejman Hadadi ( born 1969 , in Tehran ) is an internationally acclaimed Iranian tonbak player and Persian classical musician .
Panagiotis Katsouris ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Κατσούρης , born 28 October 1976 in Athens ) was a Greek football player .
John Miliades ( Ioannis Miliades , Γιάννης Μηλιάδης , Ιωάννης Μηλιάδης ) ( born 1895 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek archaeologist most known for his excavations of the south side of the Acropolis of Athens .
Vander Luiz Silva Souza ( born 17 April 1990 in Salvador ) , simply known as Vander , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória as an attacking midfielder .
Elhaida Dani was born on 17 February 1993 in Shkodër , north Albania .
Andrea Lehotská ( Detva , 2 December 1981 ) is a Slovak - Italian television hostess , actress and top model .
Nikolay Bagrayev was born on 19 June 1964 , in Digora village of North - Ossetian ASSR , Russia .
Teresa Mo Sun - kwan ( born November 5 , 1959 ) , with ancestry in Dongguan , Guangdong , is a Hong Kong actress .
Irini Terzoglou ( Greek : Ειρήνη Τερζόγλου , born February 2 , 1979 in Serres , Kentriki Makedonia ) is a Greek shot putter .
Josep Maria Jujol was born in Tarragona where he lived until age 9 .
William Larson ( born 1942 , North Tonawanda , NY ) is an American Photographer who has influenced the photographic world with conceptual pieces that examine the role of technology in art .
Tan Ende played the majority of his football career for Guangzhou Apollo where he would aid them to two runners - up positions for the league title .
George David Atherton , known as Gee Atherton ( born 26 February 1985 , near Salisbury , England ) is a professional racing cyclist specialising in downhill and four cross mountain bike racing , and is a multiple national champion , multiple World Cup winner , 2010 Downhill World Cup Champion , and 2010 & 2014 Downhill World Champion .
Wolfgang Harich was born in Königsberg , East Prussia , on 9 December 1923 , into an upper - class literary educated family .
Paul Alain Bingan ( born May 29 , 1987 in Douala ) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently free agent .
Marla Adams ( born August 28 , 1938 ; Ocean City , New Jersey ) is an American television actress , best known for her roles as Belle Clemens on The Secret Storm , from 1968 to 1974 , and as Dina Abbott Mergeron on The Young and the Restless .
Gigi Lai ( born 1 October 1971 ) is a Hong Kong actress and Cantopop singer .
John Carel de Mol ( born 12 January 1979 in Laren ) , known as Johnny de Mol , is a Dutch actor and presenter .
Cory Elenio ( born August 14 , 1986 in Ann Arbor , Michigan ) is an American soccer player currently playing for the Syracuse Silver Knights in the MISL .
Alois Hába was born in the small town of Vizovice in Moravian Wallachia , into a large family of 10 children .
Anatoly Emelin ( Russian : Анатолий Емелин , Anatoliy Yemelin ) ( born October 3 , 1964 in Ufa ) is a former Soviet / Russian Ice hockey player .
Flora MacDonald ( Gaelic : Fionnghal nic Dhòmhnaill ; 1722 -- 4 March 1790 ) , Jacobite heroine , was the daughter of Ranald MacDonald of Milton on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland , and his wife Marion , the daughter of Angus MacDonald .
Octavio Darío Rodríguez Peña ( born 17 September 1974 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a Centre Back / Left back for Peñarol .
Arthur Edward George was born in Fordington , near Dorchester , Dorset , England on 17 June 1875 ; his family moved to Newcastle upon Tyne while he was a child .
Kati Venäläinen - Sundqvist ( born Kati Sundqvist on February 15 , 1975 in Noormarkku , Satakunta ) is a Finnish cross country skier who has competed since 1995 .
John H. Dialogue was an industrialist born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in 1828 to Adam and Sallie Dialogue .
Johannes Roberts ( born 24 May 1976 , in Cambridge ) is a British film director and writer .
Helen Duhamel was born on November 26 , 1904 in Windsor , Missouri , and moved to northwestern Nebraska when she was two years old .
Charles Frohman was born in Sandusky , Ohio , the youngest of three Frohman brothers , including Daniel and Gustave .
Anthony Forté ( birth name Anthony Fort , born March 2 , 1968 ) , better known by his stage name Rappin ' 4-Tay , is an American rapper from the Fillmore District of San Francisco , California .
Enzio Boldewijn ( born 17 November 1992 in Almere ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger for Almere City .
Andrea Parenti ( born 26 April 1965 in Casalecchio di Reno ) , is an Italian archer .
Turan Mirzayev ( Azerbaijani : Turan Mirzəyev ; born September 24 , 1979 in Lankaran ) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter .
Stefan Smiljanić ( born 10 July 1991 in Subotica ) is a Slovenian Serb footballer , who plays for Jedinstvo Putevi .
Josef Prorok ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjozɛf ˈprorok ) ; born November 16 , 1987 in Prague ) is a Czech track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles .
Grigor Meliksetyan ( Armenian : Գրիգոր Մելիքսեթյան , born on 18 August 1986 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian football player , who plays for Gandzasar Kapan .
Kurt Scharf was born in Landsberg an der Warthe in the Prussian Province of Brandenburg ( now Gorzów Wielkopolski in Poland ) .
Lex de Azevedo was born in Los Angeles , the son of Alyce King of The King Sisters by her first marriage .
Atanasio Bimbacci ( circa 1654 -1734 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in his native Florence .
Piero Baglioni ( born 1952 , in Florence ) is an Italian chemist and University professor at the University of Florence .
Sheldon Lee Glashow was born in New York City , to Jewish immigrants from Russia , Bella ( Rubin ) and Lewis Gluchovsky , a plumber .
Vilma Rimšaitė ( born February 24 , 1983 in Šiauliai ) is a Lithuanian BMX cyclist .
Wojciech Bartelski ( born 20 June 1977 in Warsaw ) is a Polish politician and creator of the website OlimpBase .
Cristina Flutur ( born in Iași on 1978 ) is a Romanian film and theatre actress .
John Edwards Holbrook ( December 31 , 1796 -- September 8 , 1871 ) was an American zoologist , herpetologist , physician , and naturalist , born in Beaufort , South Carolina , the son of Silas Holbrook , a teacher , and Mary Edwards .
Jean Guiton ( 2 July 1585 -- 15 March 1654 ) was born in La Rochelle , where he followed the occupation of ship - owner .
Patrick Rampillon ( born 4 July 1955 in Bressuire ) is a retired French football player who played for SO Cholet , Stade Reims , AS Saint - Étienne and Rennes .
Suparna Anand ( born 1972 in Mumbai ) started acting in 1986 and continued until 1997 .
Suren Babayan ( Armenian : Սուրեն Գուրգենի Բաբայան , September 18 , 1950 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian Film Actor , Director and Screenwriter .
Born in Ashton - under - Lyne , James Hemming 's childhood education was patchy , and he later obtained his BA via a correspondence course run by Birkbeck College , London .
Johann Hugo von Orsbeck was born in Weilerswist on January 30 , 1634 , the son of Wilhelm von Orsbeck , Herr von Vernich ( † 1648 ) and of Katharina von der Leyen ( † 1673 ) .
Giovanni Ambrogio Bevilacqua , also known as il Liberale Bevilacqua ( active , active by 1481 - -at least 1512 ) was an Italian painter active in Lombardy in a late - medieval or early Renaissance style .
Ryan Caugherty ( born September 23 , 1982 in Seoul ) is a Korean - born American soccer player , currently retired .
Graham Nicholls ( born 30 July 1975 in London , England ) is an author , installation artist and specialist on out of body experiences .
Ivan Firsov ( Russian : Иван Иванович Фирсов , c.1733 in Moscow -- c.1785 in Saint - Petersburg ) was a Russian painter .
Javier Cienfuegos Pinilla ( born July 15 , 1990 in Montijo - Badajoz ) is a Spanish hammer thrower and the junior world record holder .
Dixie Browning , née Burrus ( born September 9 , 1930 in North Carolina ) is an American artist and writer of over 100 romance novels .
Frederick Chamier ( 1796 - -1870 ) was an English novelist and naval captain born in London .
Matt Mulhern ( born July 21 , 1960 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American actor who has starred in such films as One Crazy Summer and Biloxi Blues , and such television series such as Major Dad , JAG , and Rescue Me ( playing Lt . John Stackhouse ) .
David Moore Crook DFC ( 24 November 1914 -- 18 December 1944 ) was a British fighter pilot born in Huddersfield , England .
Rudolf Simek ( born 21 February 1954 in Eisenstadt , Burgenland ) is an Austrian Germanist and philologist .
Oleg Chuzhda ( Ukrainian : Олег Чужда ) , ( born May 8 , 1985 in Canet d'en Berenguer ) is a Ukrainian cyclist .
Michael Budi Margono ( traditional Chinese : : 王阳文 ; simplified Chinese : 王阳溫 ; pinyin : Liem Yang Boen ) ( born 20 February 1983 in Semarang , Central Java ) is a technopreneur .
Adalbert von Ladenberg ( born 18 February 1798 in Ansbach ; died 15 February 1855 ) was a Prussian politician .
John Haggerty ( born October 17 , 1960 , Chicago ) is an influential Chicago guitarist .
Ji Young - jun ( born 15 October 1981 in Seoul ) is a South Korean long - distance runner who specializes in the marathon .
Callum Warburton ( born 25 February 1989 in Stockport , England ) is an English professional footballer who plays in centre midfield or occasionally at full back .
George de Godzinsky 's father was a Saint Petersburg - based civil servant and businessman who had strong ties to customers in Finland .
Kati - Claudia Fofonoff ( 8 December 1947 in Ivalo -- 12 June 2011 ) was an author and translator who wrote in Skolt Sámi and Finnish .
Jo Kuk Cho - lam ( 谷祖琳 ; born 16 May 1977 ) , sometimes credited as Jo Koo and Jolane Koo , is a Hong Kong actress and singer .
David Kenneth Brooks , Jr. , better known as Bubba Brooks or Bubber Brooks ( May 29 , 1922 in Fayetteville , North Carolina -- April 11 , 2002 ) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist .
Noel Godfrey Chavasse was the younger of identical twin boys born to the Rev. Francis Chavasse ( later Bishop of Liverpool and founder of St Peter 's College , Oxford ) and Edith Jane Chavasse ( née Maude ) on 9 November 1884 at 36 New Inn Hall Street , Oxford .
Jan Eliot ( born 1950 in San Jose , California ) is an American cartoonist .
Doris Gates was born November 26 , 1901 , in Mountain View , California , the oldest daughter of Charles Obed and Bessie Louise ( Jones ) Gates .
Ralph Wormeley Curtis was born in Boston in 1854 in Boston , the eldest son of Daniel Sargent Curtis , a wealthy lawyer , and his wife Ariana Randolph Wormeley .
Yadhira Carrillo ( born Yadhira Carrillo Villalobos on May 12 , 1973 in Aguascalientes , México ) is a former actress and former beauty queen .
Peter Tevis ( born February 10 , 1937 , in Santa Barbara , California , USA , died September 13 , 2006 in Mercer Island , Washington ) was an American folk singer best remembered for his work on the soundtracks of composer Ennio Morricone .
Kelley Walker ( born 1969 Columbus , Georgia ) is an American post - conceptual artist who lives and works in New York City .
Terry Rawlings ( born 1933 in London , England ) is a British film editor and sound editor with several BAFTA nominations and one Academy Award nomination .
Gal Costa ( born Maria da Graça Costa Penna Burgos on September 26 , 1945 , in Salvador , Bahia ) is a Brazilian singer of popular music .
Djibril Compaoré ( born 1 August 1983 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé football ( soccer ) Striker , he currently plays for ASFA Yennega .
Milton Kort attended the local chapter of the International Brotherhood of Magicians Ring # 22 in the Detroit , Michigan metropolitan area .
Born Tamar Mardirossian ( Armenian : Թամար Մարտիրոսյան ) , better known by her artist name Tamar Kaprelian , was born in Scottsdale , Arizona to Armenian parents , but she grew up in Georgia and California .
Jeanne You , also You Ji - yeoun , ( born August 23 , 1978 in Yeosu ) is a South Korean classical pianist .
Tom Stubbe ( 26 May 1981 in Blankenberge ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for Donckers Koffie - Jelly Belly .
Mattia De Sciglio ( Italian pronunciation : ( matˈtiːa deʃˈʃiʎʎo ) ; born 20 October 1992 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Milan in Serie A and the Italian national team .
Isidore Mankofsky ( born September 22 , 1931 , in New York City , New York ) is an American cinematographer .
Maximiliano Pellegrino ( born January 26 , 1980 , in Leones , Córdoba Province ) is an Argentinan footballer , who currently plays as centre back for Argentinan side All Boys .
Margit Carstensen is the daughter of a physician , and was born and raised in the north - German city of Kiel .
Josip Serdarušić ( born 21 November 1986 in Tomislavgrad ) is a Croatian football player , currently playing for KA Akureyri in the Icelandic 1 .
Rev. Count Henry Jerome Augustine Fane de Salis , ( born Pisa 16 January 1828 , died Virginia Water 18 February 1915 ) , JP ( Surrey ) , of Portnall Park , Virginia Water .
Fabianne Therese was born in Kansas City , Missouri , and grew up all over the world , as her family at various times lived in Austria , Sri Lanka , Abu Dhabi , and Palm Springs .
Constantine Giannaris , also Constantinos Giannaris ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Γιάνναρης ; born 1959 in Athens ) , is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .
Huáscar Aparicio Gonzales ( June 1 , 1972 in Sucre -- June 21 , 2013 in Tomina ) was a Bolivian folk singer .
Jay Penske is an American media and publishing entrepreneur , born in New York City and currently based in Los Angeles .
Antonino Fogliani ( born in Messina , June 29 , 1976 ) is an Italian conductor .
Božo Vuletić ( born 1 July 1958 in Dubrovnik ) won an Olympic gold medal as a member of the Yugoslav water polo team at the 1984 Olympics .
Dr Herzl Berger ( Belarusian : Герцаль Бергер ; Hebrew : הרצל ברגר‎‎ ; 31 August 1904 -- 28 August 1962 ) was a Minsk - born Israeli activist and politician .
Alec Craig was born on 30 March 1884 in Dunfermline , Fife , Scotland , the son of James Chapman Craig and his wife Isabella .
Vamsy was born and brought up at the village of Pasalapudi , near Ramachandrapuram of East Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh on 20 November 1956 .
Brad North ( born January 21 , 1985 in The Woodlands , Texas ) is a retired American soccer player and now businessman .
Hassan Rangraz ( Persian : حسن رنگرز‎‎ , born 21 March 1980 in Nowshahr ) is an Iranian retired wrestler , He is a world champion in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Cordy Ryman ( born 1971 , New York City ) , an artist based in New York City .
After leaving his Berlin middle school Karl Anders ( as he later became known ) worked as a furniture upholsterer and undertook a traineeship as a Landscape gardener .
Frank Hagar Bigelow ( August 28 , 1851 , Concord , Massachusetts - March 2 , 1924 ) was a United States scientist .
Mary Joan Nielubowicz was born on 5 February 1929 in Shenandoah , Pennsylvania to Joseph and Ursula Nielubowicz and graduated from Shenandoah Catholic High School .
Claudia Gould was born and raised near New Haven , Connecticut .
Victoria Strauss ( born in 1955 , in Exeter , New Hampshire ) is the author of nine fantasy novels for adults and young adults , including the Stone series ( The Arm of the Stone and The Garden of the Stone ) and the Way of Arata series ( The Burning Land and The Awakened City ) .
Luigi Frusci was born in Venosa in 1879 and soon enlisted in the Italian Army .
Caleb Fairley ( born October 21 , 1973 ) is an American murderer from Gulph Mills , Pennsylvania .
Miodrag Lekić ( born 21 November 1947 in Bar , Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin and former Yugoslav political scientist , diplomat and politician .
Christoph Franz ( born 2 May 1960 in Frankfurt ) was Chief Executive Officer of Lufthansa until 1 May 2014 ( replaced by Carsten Spohr ) .
Saint Marie - Alphonsine Danil Ghattas ( 4 October 1843 -- 25 March 1927 ) was a Palestinian Christian nun who founded the Dominican Sisters of the Most Holy Rosary of Jerusalem ( the Rosary Sisters ) , the first Palestinian congregation .
Dariusz Sztylka ( born May 28 , 1978 in Wrocław ) is a retired Polish footballer who spent the most of his career at Śląsk Wrocław .
MacDougall was born in Lerwick , the son of Major Peter MacDougall , a schoolmaster at the Central Public School , and his wife Florence .
Ruža Tomašić was born in the village of Mladoševica , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , FPR Yugoslavia and grew up with her parents , six sisters and a brother in the Slavonian village of Velika Kopanica .
Muhterem Nur , née Aysel Muhterem Kısa ( December 31 , 1932 in Manastır , Yugoslavia , today Bitola in Republic of Macedonia ) is a Turkish movie actress and pop music singer .
Walter Horacio Peralta Saracho ( born 3 June 1982 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan football attacking midfielder / striker currently playing for Patriotas in Colombia .
David Grammont , better known under his stage name Tonton David is a French Reggae singer born in Réunion .
Bert Middlemiss ( born 19 December 1888 in Newcastle upon Tyne-- died 1941 ) was a professional footballer who played for Stalybridge Rovers , Tottenham Hotspur and Queens Park Rangers .
Barbara Cleverly is a British author born in Northern England and a former teacher .
Brian McKeever ( born June 18 , 1979 , in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian cross - country skier and biathlete .
Joventino Couto Remotigue also known as Jun Kung ( Chinese : 恭碩良 ; pinyin : ɡōnɡ shuò liánɡ ; born August 18 , 1977 ) is a drummer , singer and songwriter who resides in Hong Kong .
He was born César Domela Nieuwenhuis in Amsterdam .
Andrejs Perepļotkins ( Ukrainian : Андрій Ігорович Перепльоткін , Andriy Igorovych Pereplyotkin ; born 27 December 1984 in Kharkiv ) is a Ukrainian born Latvian footballer , who plays primarily as a right winger for Caramba / Dinamo in the Latvian First League .
Basil Nikitin was born in Sostonovit , a town in Poland , then part of the Russian Empire .
Hardie Gramatky was born in Dallas , Texas , the second of three sons born to Bernhard Gramatky and Blanche Gunner Gramatky .
Aurelia Trywiańska - Kollasch ( born 9 May 1976 in Szczecin ) is a former Polish athlete specializing in the 100 meters hurdles .
Julia Dujmovits ( born 12 June 1987 in Güssing ) is an Austrian snowboarder .
José Tadeu Carneiro Cardoso ( born 1956 in Jacobina , Bahia ) , also known as Mestre Camisa , is a Capoeira master , most known for creating the organization ABADÁ - Capoeira .
Conradin Cathomen ( born June 2 , 1959 in Laax ) is a former Swiss alpine skier .
Yacouba Bamba ( born 16 December 1975 ) in the Marcory commune of Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire .
Trần Văn Dĩnh ( Huế , 1923 - Washington , D.C. 4 October 2011 ) was an American --
Bárbara Elorrieta ( Madrid , May 5 , 1978 ) is a Spanish actress and TV producer .
Leandro Eleutério de Souza or simply Leandrinho ( born February 22 , 1985 in Araruama , is a Brazilian Right Back . He currently plays for ASA .
Olivier Giscard d'Estaing ( born Paris , 30 December 1927 ) is chairman of the Committee for a World Parliament .
Gustavo Dourado ( born 1960 , Ibititá , Bahia ) is a Brazilian teacher , writer and poet .
Shiva Boloorian ( Persian : شیوا بلوریان ‎‎ , born 5 October 1979 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actress and stage director , as well as a TV moderator .
A native of Nogales , Arizona , Christine McIntyre was one of five children .
Adrian Saxe is an American ceramic artist who was born in Glendale , California in 1943 .
Milan Šperl ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪlan ˈʃpɛrl̩ ) ; born 26 February 1980 in Karlovy Vary ) is a Czech cross country skier who has been competing since 2000 .
Abdul - Hafeedh Arbeesh ( born July 23 , 1963 in Tripoli ) is a Libyan professional football player and manager .
Zhu Guanghu ( simplified Chinese : 朱广沪 ; traditional Chinese : 朱廣滬 ; pinyin : Zhū Guǎnghù ; born September 25 , 1949 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese football coach and a former player .
Blake Shepard ( born July 23 , 1984 in Houston , Texas ) is an American voice actor who works for anime series at ADV Films , Funimation and Sentai Filmworks .
Katrin Rutschow - Stomporowski ( born 2 April 1975 in Waren ( Müritz ) ) is a German rower and two - time Olympic gold medalist .
Manu Ferrera was born in the Spanish village El Cerro de Andévalo , but he moved in 1962 to Schaarbeek with his family .
Benjamin Reichert ( born 17 May 1983 in Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German former professional football player and co - founder of the SK Gaming e - sports clan .
Born in Youngstown , Ohio , the son of Mayor Robert Walker Tayler , Sr . , Tayler attended the public schools and received an A.B. from Western Reserve College in 1872 and taught in the high school in New Lisbon ( now Lisbon ) , Ohio .
Mark Rudan ( born 27 August 1975 ) is an Australian former footballer and current head coach of National Premier Leagues NSW side Sydney United 58 .
Piotr Balcerzak ( born 25 June 1975 in Warsaw ) is a former Polish sprint athlete .
Ronnie Bucknum ( April 5 , 1936 -- April 23 , 1992 ) was an American racecar driver , born in Alhambra , California .
Adriaan Joseph van Rossem ( December 17 , 1892 in Chicago -- 1949 ) was an American ornithologist of Dutch ancestry .
Aprile Millo was born in New York City , the daughter of two opera singers , tenor Giovanni Millo ( John Hamill ) and soprano Margherita Girosi .
Andrew Langtree is a stage and screen actor , born 18 February 1977 , St Helens .
Marie Guillot was born in September 1880 at Damerey , in the Bresse region of the department of Saône - et - Loire , where her family was rooted .
Greig McDonald ( born 12 May 1982 in Dunfermline ) is a Scottish football player and manager .
Osman Sınav ( born 1956 in Denizli ) is a Turkish director , producer and screenwriter .
Francesco Turrini ( born 18 October 1965 in Foligno ) is an Italian footballer who played as a right winger .
Second son of Armand XVI , marquis de Polignac and Marquis Chalancon , Governor of Puy ; and Jacqueline de Beauvoir -Grimoard - de Roure ( his third wife ) , Melchior de Polignac was born at Chateau de la Ronte , near Puy en Vélay , Lavoûte - sur - Loire , Haute - Loire , Auvergne .
Barry X Ball ( born 1955 in Pasadena , California ) is an American sculptor based in New York City .
Betty Diana Coupland was born in Leeds , West Riding of Yorkshire in 1928 , the only child of Elsie ( née Beck ) and Denis Coupland .
Bianca Stuart ( born May 17 , 1988 in Nassau , Bahamas ) is a Bahamian long jumper and national record holder with a 6.81 m jump in 2011 .
The name Mo - Do is claimed to originate from first letters of Frittelli 's birth - town ( Monfalcone ) and the day of his birth ( Domenica , i.e. Sunday in Italian ) , respectively .
Pasquale Galasso ( Poggiomarino , May 17 , 1955 ) is a former boss of the Galasso clan , a clan of the Camorra , the Neapolitan crime organization .
Chaudhry Shafaat Hussain is a well - known local body politician belonging to district Gujrat , Pakistan .
Hunt Slonem was born in Kittery , Maine , in an upper middle class family , the eldest of four children .
Herson Capri ( Ponta Grossa ) is a Brazilian actor .
James Tylee ( 1750 - -1826 New York City ) was an American politician from New York He was a Federalist member of the New York State Assembly in 1797 and 1812 .
Chuck Yiu Kwok ( Chinese : 卓耀國 ; Jyutping : coek3 jiu6 gwok3 , born 29 May 1994 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays for Hong Kong Rangers .
Anders Lassen was the son of Emil Victor Schau Lassen and Suzanne Maria Signe Lassen , of Nyhavn , Copenhagen .
Wojciech Zamecznik ( January 13 , 1923 in Warsaw -- May 12 , 1967 in Warsaw ) was a Polish graphic artist , architect , photographer and interior designer .
Vasile Bătrânac ( born 1925 , Plopi ) was the head of the anti - Soviet group Arcaşii lui Ştefan and a political prisoner in the Soviet Union .
William Andrewes was the second son of the Rev. Canon Gerrard Thomas Andrewes , Canon of Winchester , and Helena Louisa Kirby .
Sébastien Haller ( born 22 June 1994 in Ris Orangis ) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for FC Utrecht ,
The son of an insurance agent , George Joseph Smith was born in Bethnal Green , London .
Ovid was born in Sulmo ( modern Sulmona ) , in an Apennine valley east of Rome , to an important equestrian family , on March 20 , 43 BC . That was a significant year in Roman politics .
Joan Busquets was born in 1946 in El Prat de Llobregat , a suburb of Barcelona .
Jan Hoogstad ranks among the International Academy of Architecture 's Academicians and is President of the International Centre in Rotterdam .
Renata Fronzi was born in the city of Rosario , Santa Fe , Argentina , on August 1 , 1925 .
Peter Gay was born in Berlin in 1923 and immigrated to the United States in 1941 .
Ulf Håkan Hardenberger ( born 27 October 1961 , Malmö ) is a Swedish trumpeter .
Manfredi Beninati is an Italian artist born in Palermo ( Sicily ) in 1970 .
On 29 March 1996 , Danie Voges defeated The Viking by disqualification in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Elena Cornaro Piscopia was born in the Palazzo Loredan , at Venice , Republic of Venice on 5 June 1646 .
Diyo Sibisi ( born April 14 , 1982 in Sahlumbe , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African football ( soccer ) striker who plays for Fico Tây Ninh in the Vietnamese First Division .
Edel Rodriguez ( born August 22 , 1971 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban American artist .
Father Pavel Bliznetsov ( born 26 September 1913 , Tambov , Russian Empire - died on 24 September 1989 , Gundelfingen , Germany ) was a Russian Greek - Catholic priest .
Jake Shimabukuro ( born November 3 , 1976 in Honolulu , Hawaii ) is a ukulele virtuoso and composer known for his fast and complex finger work .
Gaël Malacarne ( born 2 April 1986 in Saint - Brieuc ) is a French racing cyclist , who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team Bretagne - Séché Environnement .
Jennifer England ( born July 11 , 1978 , Lansing , Michigan ) is an American model and actress .
George Kwasi Semakor ( born on January 6 , 1988 in Kumasi ) is a Ghanaian footballer of Ugandan descent who has been naturalized to represent Qatar .
James McKinstry ( born 3 July 1979 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish footballer , who currently plays for junior side Petershill .
Anna Kathryn Holbrook ( née York ; born April 18 , 1957 , Fairbanks , Alaska ) is an American soap opera actress , best known for her role as Sharlene Frame Hudson on Another World , a role she played originally from 1988 to 1991 .
Turi Simeti ( born 1929 ) is an Italian painter born in Alcamo , Sicily .
Brooke Annibale ( born July 1987 ) is an American singer / songwriter and musician from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Edwin Heathcote ( born 1968 in London ) , is an architect and designer .
Kirmen Uribe was born in Ondarroa ( Basque Country ) , a small fishing town about one hour from Bilbao .
Kathleen Garman was born on 15 May 1901 in Wednesbury , Staffordshire , the daughter of Dr Walter Chancellor Garman ( 1860 - -1923 ) , a general practitioner , and his wife , Margaret Frances Magill .
George Călinescu was born Gheorghe Vişan on 14 June 1899 , the son of a housekeeper , Maria Vişan ; the child was brought up by his mother 's employers , Constantin Călinescu , a worker for Romanian State Railways , and his wife Maria , in their house in Bucharest .
Werner Bochmann ( 17 May 1900 , Meerane , Kingdom of Saxony -- 3 June 1993 ) was a German composer .
Valerio Checchi ( born Subiaco , Lazio , April 3 , 1980 ) is an Italian cross - country skier who has competed since 1999 .
Willy Brandt was born Herbert Ernst Carl Frahm in the Free City of Lübeck ( German Empire ) on 18 December 1913 .
Tolbert Fanning ( May 10 , 1810 -- May 3 , 1874 ) was a Restoration Movement preacher and writer born in Cannon County , Tennessee .
Diana Thater ( born 1962 , San Francisco ) is an American artist , curator , writer , and educator .
Ashot Danielyan ( Armenian : Աշոտ Դանիելյան , born April 11 , 1974 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is a retired Armenian weightlifter .
Geir Frigård ( born 3 November 1970 in Vormsund ) is a former Norwegian football striker who retired in 2007 .
Ole Søltoft ( 8 January 1941 -- 9 May 1999 in Kolding ) was a Danish actor who became an icon of the 1970s wave of Danish erotic feature film comedies .
Nikolai Lopatnikoff ( born Russian , Николай Львович Лопатников/Nikolai Lwowitsch Lopatnikow ; 16 March 1903 in Tallinn - 7 October 1976 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) was a Russian - American composer , music teacher and university lecturer .
Henry Pedris was born in Galle , Ceylon , the youngest of five children and the only son of Duenuge Disan Pedris and Mallino Pedris .
Marc Quaghebeur ( born Tournai , 1947 ) is a Belgian poet and essayist .
Dragoljub Simonović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дpaгoљуб Симоновић ; born 30 October 1972 in Belgrade ) is a former Bulgarian - Serbian footballer .
Liudas Rumbutis ( Belarusian : Людас Румбуціс ; Russian : Людас Румбутис ; born 24 November 1955 in Telšiai , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian and Belarusian professional football coach and a former player .
Lawrence Montaigne ( born February 26 , 1931 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American actor , writer , dancer , and stuntman .
The Master of the Virgo inter Virgines was a North Netherlandish painter and designer of woodcuts active around Delft between 1483 and 1498 .
Félix Demaría , also known as Felice Demaria or Felix De Maria ( born April 27 , 1912 in Haedo ) was an Argentine professional football player .
Yuri Gagarin was born in the village of Klushino , near Gzhatsk ( renamed Gagarin in 1968 after his death ) , on 9 March 1934 .
Abdourammane Mohamed Coly ( born 2 February 1984 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese footballer , who currently plays for Serie B club Pro Vercelli in Italy .
Alan Graham Apley FRCS ( 10 November 1914 , London -- 20 December 1996 ) was a British orthopaedic surgeon and educator known for his textbook , Apley 's System of Orthopaedics and Fractures , and for the Apley grind test in meniscal injury .
Andrea Keszler ( born July 28 , 1989 in Tatabánya ) is a Hungarian short - track speed - skater .
Magdaléna Borová ( born 14 April 1981 , Frýdlant v Čechách , Czechoslovakia now Czech Republic ) is a Czech actress .
Pat Hoed ( born September 3 , 1963 in Hollywood , California ) is a singer , professional wrestling commentator and radio personality .
Anders Osterlind , a French painter , was born in Lépaud ( Creuse ) on June 12 , 1887 .
Alec Empire ( born Alexander Wilke - Steinhof on 2 May 1972 in Charlottenburg , West Berlin ) is a German musician who is best known as a founding member of the band Atari Teenage Riot .
Thomas Brdarić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( tômaz bř̩darit͡ɕ ) ; born 23 January 1975 in Nürtingen , Baden - Württemberg ) is a former German footballer of Croatian descent , who is now manager of TSV Steinbach .
John Haynes Holmes was born in Philadelphia on November 29 , 1879 , a descendent of John Holmes , gentleman of Colchester , Essex , Messenger of the General Court of Plymouth Colony and the executioner of Thomas Granger .
Napoleon III is best known today for his grand reconstruction of Paris , carried out by his prefect of the Seine Baron Haussmann .
Craig McDean ( born 1964 in England ) is a British fashion photographer originally from Middlewich near Manchester , but now based in New York City .
Jerome Corsi was born in East Cleveland , Ohio , to Louis E. Corsi , a union public relations director , and Alice Corsi , née Hanlon .
François Bérenger Saunière was born on 11 April 1852 in Montazels , in the Arrondissement of Limoux of the Aude region .
Daniel Iftodi ( born 11 February 1968 in Beștepe , Tulcea County ) is a Romanian former football player , who played as a midfielder .
Evyatar Baruchyan ( Hebrew : אביתר ברוכיאן‎ ; born 24 August 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Betar Nordia Jerusalem from Liga Gimel .
Joana Carneiro ( born Joana Maria Amaro da Costa da Luz Carneiro , Lisbon , 30 September 1976 ) , is a Portuguese conductor .
Cao Tianbao ( Chinese : 曹添堡 ; pinyin : Cáo Tiānbǎo ; born 3 April 1982 in Shenyang ) is a Chinese football striker . He currently plays for Meizhou Wuhua in the China League Two .
Irina Konstantinova - Bontemps ( Bulgarian : Ирина Константинова ; born 10 July 1976 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian windsurfer , who specialized in Neil Pryde RS :
Brian McPhee ( born 23 October 1970 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Wishaw Juniors in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
He was born in Odessa to attorney Vasili Ivanovitš Baranovsky and his wife Rosalia Malinovska Gavriil Baranovsky .
Arturo Herrera - Ruinas Circulares / Circular Ruins , Fundación D.O.P. & Fundación Odalys , Caracas 2010 :
Reinaldo Rueda Rivera ( born April 16 , 1957 in Cali ) is a Colombian football manager who currently is in charge of the Atletico Nacional in the Colombian league .
Patricia Charbonneau was born in Valley Stream , New York on Long Island , the youngest of 10 children .
Ping Chong ( Chinese : 張家平 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jiāpíng ; born Toronto , Ontario , Canada , 1946 ) is an American contemporary theater director , choreographer , video and installation artist .
Kim Poster ( born 19 April 1957 ) is a London based theatre producer from New York .
Zhu Jiawei ( Chinese : 朱家伟 ; Pinyin : Zhū Jiāwěi , born 19 August 1990 in Xingning , Guangdong ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin as a Midfielder .
Dorian N'Goma Bassinga ( born May 15 , 1988 in Amiens ) is a French - born Congolese football striker last playing for AS Beauvais in the French Championnat National .
Ineta Radēviča ( born 13 July 1981 in Krāslava , Soviet Union ) is a retired Latvian athlete , competing in the long jump and triple jump .
Born in Orihuela , Alicante , Verza finished his formation with Villarreal CF 's youth system , going on to appear several years with the reserves in the lower leagues .
Born in Selbach , Rio Grande do Sul , Marquinhos Gabriel joined Internacional 's youth setup in 2007 , after spells in -minor clubs of the same state .
Separamadu Lasith Malinga ( Sinhalese : සපරමාදු ලසිත් මාලිංග ; born 28 August 1983 ) , in Galle , popularly as Lasith Malinga , is a Sri Lankan cricketer and World T20 winning captain in 2014 .
Radek Fukala ( born 1963 in Karviná , Moravian - Silesian Region of the Czech Republic ) is a Czech historian .
Philippe Dautzenberg ( Ixelles , Brussels , 20 December 1849 - Paris , 9 May 1935 ) was a Belgian malacologist , a biologist who specializes in the branch of invertebrate zoology that deals with mollusks .
Dainis Bremze or Dainis Bremse ( born July 22 , 1954 in Riga ) was a Latvian Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s .
Mons Ivar Mjelde ( born 17 November 1967 in Osterøy ) is a former footballer and is currently head coach for the Norwegian club Start .
Scott Colley ( b. Nov. 24 , 1963 , Los Angeles , California ) is an American jazz double bassist and composer .
Count Mikhail Petrovich Bestuzhev - Ryumin ( Михаи́л Петро́вич Бесту́жев-Рю́мин ; 1688 , Moscow -- 1760 ) was a Russian diplomat .
Chris McGroarty ( born 6 February 1981 in Bellshill ) is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently player - manager of Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region side Wishaw Juniors .
Andrew Ryan McGill , the son of Angeline ( née Martin ) and Charles McGill , was born in Saegertown , Pennsylvania , on February 19 , 1840 .
Rabbi Yitzchok Zilber was born in Kazan , Russia , several months before the Russian Revolution in 1917 .
Roberto Ivens ( Ponta Delgada , June 12 , 1850 , - January 28 , 1898 , Dafundo , Oeiras ) was a Portuguese explorer of Africa , geographer , colonial administrator , and an officer of the Portuguese Navy .
Laurent Cassegrain was born in the region of Chartres around 1629 and was the son of Mathurin Cassegrain and Jehanne Marquet .
João Rodrigues de Castelo Branco , better known as Amato Lusitano and Amatus Lusitanus ( 1511 - -1568 ) , was a notable Portuguese Jewish physician of the 16th century .
Milán Kalász ( born 30 April 1992 in Ajka ) is a Hungarian football player who currently free agent .
Berndt Wilhelm Schauman ( 1857 - -1911 ) was a Finnish industrialist , the most important in Jakobstad at the beginning of the 20th century .
John Trout Greble ( 19 January 1834 , Philadelphia -- 10 June 1861 , Virginia ) was a soldier in the United States Army .
Nabil Salameh , also known as Nabil or Nabil Bey ( Tripoli , Lebanon , 1962 ) , is a Palestinian singer , songwriter , musician , artist and journalist , founder of the world music bands Radiodervish and Al Darawish .
Greg Barton ( born December 2 , 1959 in Jackson , Michigan ) is an American sprint kayaker who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s .
John Justinian de Ledesma was born in London , England , the son of a well - off Argentine rancher .
Louis Barfe ( born 13 June 1973 in Epsom , Surrey ) is an English writer of non - fiction .
Hedwig Potthast was born on 5 February 1912 in Cologne , North Rhine - Westphalia as the daughter of a local businessman .
Judy Weiss ( born May 31 , 1972 in Berlin ) is a German singer who became internationally renowned after singing `` Vivo per Lei '' with Andrea Bocelli in a German - Italian duet in 1996 ; while Weiss sang in German , Bocelli sang in Italian .
Raffaele Rossi was born in Pisa in 1876 and he entered the Discalced Carmelites on 3 October 1887 .
Born in Recife , Dani Lins defended for Finasa / Osasco from 2003 to 2005 , moving to Pinheiros / Blue Life for the 2005 - 06 season , then joining Unilever in 2006 .
Marcantonio Bobba was born in Casale Monferrato , the son of Palatine Count Alberto Bobba .
Marilyn and Rosalyn Borden were born in Hartford , Connecticut on May 29 , 1932 to Harry ( 1906 - -1973 ) and Elizabeth Borden ( 1909 - -1995 ) and would be followed by a younger sister , Barbara , in 1945 .
Commonly known as Jacques Benedict , he was born in Chicago in 1879 , and he studied architecture at the École des Beaux - Arts .
Dmitry Galkovsky was born in Moscow in a working - class family , his father being an engineer , and his mother a tailor .
Sarolta Zalatnay ( born Charlotte Sacher in Budapest , December 17 , 1947 ) is a Hungarian pop singer .
Raphael Grinage ( aka Les Grinage ) was born in Cleveland , Ohio on January 4 , 1931 , the third of four sons .
Youssouf Kanté ( born August 13 , 1984 in Paris ) is a French footballer who recently played for FC Baulmes .
Bjarte Engeset ( born 25 August 1958 in Ørsta ) is a Norwegian classical conductor .
Ivan Vrdoljak was born in on June 22 , 1972 in Osijek , where he finished elementary school , gymnasium ( Specialized in Mathematics - Informatics education ) and the Faculty of Electrical Engineering , where he graduated in electrical engineering .
Adolf Lorenz ( April 21,1854 - February 12 , 1946 ) was an Austrian orthopedic surgeon who was a native of Weidenau , Austrian Silesia ( today Vidnava , Czech Silesia ) .
Born in Diadema , São Paulo , to Ladislao and Regina Marinho , David Luiz arrived in Esporte Clube Vitória after being released by São Paulo FC , and started playing as a defensive midfielder , almost leaving the club for his poor performances in that position .
Charles Rockwell Lanman was born in Norwich , Connecticut , the eighth of the nine children of Peter Lanman III and Catherine ( Cook ) Lanman on July 8 , 1850 .
Paul Goldschmidt was born in Wilmington , Delaware , and grew up in The Woodlands , Texas , a suburb of Houston .
Dino Delevski ( born in Skopje , SR Macedonia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is an American soccer player of Macedonian descent .
Jérémie Rodrigues ( born 1 November 1980 in Schiltigheim ) is a French footballer who plays as a right defender .
Jasmeet Kaur Randhawa , a.k.a . Jesse Randhawa , was born on August 11 , 1975 in Jaipur to Mehar and Narinder Singh Randhawa .
James Nesmith was born in New Brunswick , Canada while his parents were on a visit from their home in Washington County , Maine , on July 23 , 1820 .
Miloš Bosančić ( Serbian : Милош Босанчић ; born 22 May 1988 in Ruma ) is a Serbian footballer.who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League .
Thorsten Wittek ( born December 31 , 1976 in Berlin ) is a German football player , he plays for CS Grevenmacher .
Elizabeth Hanna spent her early years in Ottawa , where she graduated from Glebe Collegiate Institute .
Torsten Reißmann ( born February 23 , 1956 in Potsdam -- October 8 , 2009 ) was an East German judoka who competed in the late 1970s and the early 1980s .
Christos Tomaras ( Greek : Χρήστος Τομαράς , born 14 January 1989 ) is an Australian - Greek footballer currently playing for Sydney Olympic in the National Premier Leagues NSW as a striker .
Born in Buenos Aires to Slovene parents who escaped from the communist takeover of Slovenia , Bernarda Fink studied at the `` Instituto Superior de Arte del Teatro Colón '' in Buenos Aires .
Charles - Édouard Chaise ( 1759 , Paris - 1798 , Fontainebleau ) was a French neoclassical painter .
Alberto Sánchez Martínez ( born 8 October 1980 in Herrera de Pisuerga , Palencia ) , known as Chupri , is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right back .
Krant M. L. Verma was born to Ram Dulari and Ram Lal on 20 December 1947 in the village Tilokpur , Shahjahanpur district , Uttar Pradesh .
David Lasky ( born December 8 , 1967 in Washington , D.C. ) is an alternative cartoonist based in Seattle , Washington .
Leslie Djhone ( born March 18 , 1981 in Abidjan , Ivory Coast ) is a French track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres and 4 x 400 metres relay .
Attila Kriston ( born 6 June 1975 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian professional football player who is currently UFC Strallegg .
Andy Stanfield was born in Washington , D.C. , but moved to Jersey City as a child .
Simeone Tagliavia d'Aragonia was born in Castelvetrano , a family fief near Mazara del Vallo , Kingdom of Sicily on May 20 , 1550 , the son of Carlo d'Aragona Tagliavia , Viceroy of Sicily , and his wife Margherita Ventimiglia .
Samba Diawara ( born 15 March 1978 in Paris ) is a Malian football player , who currently plays for AFC Tubize in Belgium .
Alan Warboys ( born 18 April 1949 in Goldthorpe ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker .
Joseph Yannick M'Boné ( born 16 April 1993 in Yaoundé ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for the French club Étoile Fréjus Saint - Raphaël on loan from Caen .
Frank Andersen ( born 15 April 1953 in Copenhagen ) is a former Danish ballet dancer who was twice artistic director of the Royal Danish Ballet .
Simone Ponzi ( born 17 January 1987 in Manerbio ) is an Italian road bicycle racer who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team Southeast Pro Cycling .
Frank Sepe ( born December 28 , 1971 in Rosedale , New York ) is an American fitness author , magazine editor , TV personality , and a fitness model of Italian and German descent .
Mohamed Boudchiche ( Arabic : محمد بودشيش‎ ; born February 24 , 1962 in Oran ) is an Algerian former boxer who fought in the heavyweight division .
Uwe Ackermann ( born 12 September 1960 in Zwickau , Saxony ) is a retired East German hurdler .
Jackie Plenderleith ( born 6 October 1937 in Bellshill ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Hibernian , Manchester City and Queen of the South amongst others .
Leah was born Rachelle Leah San Filippo on August 20 , 1984 in San Carlos , California , and began modeling professionally at age 18 .
Gerald O'Hara was born in the Green Ridge section of Scranton , Pennsylvania , to Patrick James and Margaret ( née Carney ) O'Hara .
Liz Larsen ( born January 16 , 1959 ) in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania is an American actress .
Born in Stefanaconi , Italy , on July 13 , 1928 , Joseph Lopreato was a sociobiologist , a social theorist , and a professor of sociology .
Marko Zalaznik ( born 7 October 1994 ) is a football midfielder from Slovenia who plays for Vir .
Rebecca Brandewyne née Wadsworth ( born March 4 , 1955 in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States ) is an American bestselling writer of romance novels .
In the middle of the night , on January 14 , 1929 , Amanullah Khan handed over his kingship to his brother Inayatullah Khan Seraj and tried to secretly escape Kabul towards Kandahar .
Zhou Qiming ( Chinese : 周其明 ; born 14 January 1993 in Sichuan ) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Tianjin Teda as a Midfielder .
Kendall Francois ( July 26 , 1971 -- September 11 , 2014 ) was an American serial killer from Poughkeepsie , New York , convicted of killing eight women , from 1996 to 1998 .
Georg Desmarées or Des Marées , a portrait painter , was born in 1697 at Stockholm , where he was instructed in painting by Martin Meytens , whose assistant he afterwards became .
Frank Bidart ( born May 27 , 1939 in Bakersfield , California ) is an American academic and poet .
Dylan Kuo was born in Taipei , Taiwan on June 8 , 1977 , the youngest of a two - child family .
Bryce Soderberg was born in Victoria , British Columbia , and raised just outside Victoria in the Municipality of Sooke .
Keeseekoowenin was born around 1818 in the Bow River area of what is now the province of Alberta .
Sally Rogers ( born 12 October 1964 in Manchester ) is an English actress currently best known for her role as Sgt . Jo Masters in ITV 's The Bill .
Steve DiGiorgio ( born November 7 , 1967 , Waukegan , Illinois ) is an American musician .
Hermann Fernau was born in Breslau ( now called Wrocław ) , in the Prussian Province of Silesia .
Ivan Gazidis ( born 13 September 1964 in Johannesburg ) is currently the chief executive of English Premier League club Arsenal Football Club .
Eva Avila ( born Eva Gougeon - Ávila on February 25 , 1987 in Gatineau , Quebec ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter .
Matías Britos Cardoso ( born November 26 , 1988 in San Carlos ) , commonly known as Matías Britos , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a striker for UNAM in the Mexican Primera División .
Born in Cologne on 23 November 1914 , Bruno Kahl commenced his military career in July 1933 after the usual service with the Reichsarbeitsdienst .
MC HotDog ( Chinese : 姚中仁 ; pinyin : Yáo Zhōngrén ; Wade -- Giles : Yao Chung - jen , born April 10 , 1978 , Taipei ) is a Taiwanese rap artist known for his use of explicit lyrics in his songs .
Neil Critchley ( born 18 October 1978 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Crewe Alexandra .
Daniele Ragatzu ( born 21 September 1991 in Cagliari ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie B club Virtus Lanciano on loan from Verona .
Alberto Molinari ( born Rome , April 14 , 1965 ) is an Italian actor , producer , and director , mainly of documentary films .
Youssouf Hadji ( Arabic : يوسف حجي‎ , born 25 February 1980 in Ifrane Atlas - Saghir ) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AS Nancy .
Peter Paul Dobree ( 26 June 1782 -- 24 September 1825 ) , English classical scholar and critic , was born in Guernsey .
Gloria D. Miklowitz ( May 18 , 1927 in New York City -- January 20 , 2015 in Pasadena , California ) was an American author of more than 60 fiction and non - fiction books for young adults .
Carole Ita White was born in New York City , to actors Jesse White and Celia ( `` Simmy '' ) Cohn .
Gilbert Renault was born in Vannes , France , the oldest child of a Catholic family of nine children .
Inge Brück ( born 12 October 1936 in Mannheim ) is a German singer and actress , best known internationally for her participation in the 1967 Eurovision Song Contest .
Anitra Ford ( born January 13 , 1942 in California ) is an American actress , model , poet , and photographer .
Seppo Lehto ( born 6 September 1962 in Kuru ) is a Finnish nationalist , currently living in Tampere .
Tunku Abdul Rahman was born on 8 February 1903 , in Alor Setar , Kedah , the seventh son of Sultan Abdul Hamid Halim Shah , the twenty - fifth ruler of the Kedah Sultanate .
Stella Grace La Rue was born in Kansas City , Missouri , in 1882 to Mrs. Lucy L. Parsons .
Durga McBroom ( born October 16 , 1962 in California ) is an American singer and actress , she has performed backing vocals for Pink Floyd and was a member of Blue Pearl .
Neeraj Pandey was born and brought up in a Brahmin family in Kolkata .
Giancarlo Volpe ( born July 31 , 1974 in Tacoma , Washington ) is an Italian American animator , director , producer and comic creator .
Adrian Lambert ( born 26 April 1972 in Brighton ) is an English bassist and songwriter who currently plays for thrash metal band Biomechanical and progressive rock band Son of Science .
Sabir Ali ( born in Haryana ) is a former Indian decathlete .
Salim Iles ( born May 14 , 1975 in Oran ) is an Algerian swimmer who competes in the freestyle events .
Luc Deleu is a Belgian architect , urbanist and artist born in 1944 in Duffel .
Born James Alan Polster to Harold and Ethel Polster in Cleveland , Ohio .
Andrew Toovey ( b. 1962 London ) is a classical composer , and recipient of composition awards including the Tippett Prize , Terra Nova Prize , the Bernard Shore Viola Composition Award and an RVW Trust Award .
Artsvi Bakhchinyan ( b. 1971 , Yerevan ) is an Armenian philologist , film researcher , Armenologist , Doctor of philology .
Born in Sabinas , Coahuila , on March 26 , 1904 , Emilio Fernández Romo was the son of a revolutionary general and a woman descendant of Kickapoo Indians .
Klaus Tennstedt ( German : ( ˈtɛnʃtɛt ) ; June 6 , 1926 -- January 11 , 1998 ) was a German conductor from Merseburg ; he conducted such orchestras as the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra ;
Jure Primorac ( born December 10 , 1981 in Split , Croatia ) is a Croatian - born French professional football player of Croatian descent .
Marie - Hélène Prémont ( born October 24 , 1977 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Canadian cross - country mountain biker with the Rocky Mountain Bicycles factory team for 2012 .
Bernhard Heiden ( b. Frankfurt - am - Main , August 24 , 1910 ; d. Bloomington , IN , April 30 , 2000 ) was a German and American composer and music teacher , who studied under and was heavily influenced by Paul Hindemith .
Viktor Kratasyuk ( January 30 , 1949 in Poti , Georgian SSR - March 18 , 2003 ) is a Soviet - born Georgian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s .
John Schwert ( born November 20 , 1975 ) is a film and commercial director and producer born in Fredonia , New York and owner / operator of Fourth Ward Productions .
Christian B. Woodruff ( born 1829 in New York City ) was an American politician from New York .
Miloš Veselý ( born May 6 , 1972 in Liberec ) is a Czech bobsledder who has competed since 1997 .
W. Clark Durant ( born May 13 , 1949 ) is co - founder and former CEO of the Cornerstone Schools ( Michigan ) , a group of charter and independent schools in the inner city of Detroit .
Deni Lušić ( born 14 April 1962 in Split ) is a Croatian water polo coach and former water polo player .
Denys Watkins - Pitchford was born in Lamport , Northamptonshire , the second son of the Revd .
Jochen Bohl ( born 19 April 1950 in Lüdenscheid ) is the bishop of the Evangelical - Lutheran Church of Saxony having been in office since 2004 .
Elodie Keene ( born April 10 , 1949 in Paso Robles , California ) is an American film / television director , producer and editor .
Roman Avramenko ( born March 23 , 1988 in Kirovske ) is a Ukrainian javelin thrower .
Aleksandar Jović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Joвић ; born 13 April 1972 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football coach and a former international player .
Platon Drakoulis ( Greek : Πλάτων Δρακούλης , Ithaca 1858 -- United Kingdom 1934 ) was a Greek socialist politician .
Christophe Pélissier ( 29 April 1728 -- before October 1779 ) ( sometimes spelled Pellissier ) was born in the parish of Saint - Pierre et Saint - Saturnin , Lyons , France , the son of François - Christophe Pélissier , a merchant , and Agathe Martaud La Rigaudière .
Ernst Zermelo graduated from Berlin 's Luisenstädtisches Gymnasium in 1889 .
Dimitrios Papadimoulis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Παπαδημούλης ; born 21 March 1955 in Athens ) is a Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) as a member of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left .
Michael Vatikiotis ( born July 30 , 1957 in Indianapolis , Indiana ) is a writer and journalist working in Southeast Asia since 1987 .
Modeste Gnakpa ( born October 17 , 1988 in Abidjan ) , is a French - Ivorian footballer .
Souha Bechara was born in Deir Mimas , Lebanon and raised in an Eastern Orthodox family .
Nurduran Duman ( born 23 October 1974 , in Çan - Çanakkale ) is a Turkish poet , writer , essayist , translator .
John Sunseri ( born March 11 , 1969 ) is a horror writer from Portland , Oregon in the United States .
Zorbeg Ebralidze ( Georgian : ზორბეგ ებრალიძე ) ( born 20 September 1944 in Lanchkhuti ) , is a former Georgian football defender and coach .
Matan Barashi ( Hebrew : מתן בראשי‎ ; born 6 May 1988 in Jerusalem ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Hod HaSharon .
Philip Sayer was born on 26 October 1946 in Swansea , the son of Thomas Henry and Myra Sayer .
Vojtěch Preissig was born on 31 July 1873 in Světec , northern Bohemia .
Vasil Slavov ( Cyrillic : Васил Славов ) is a Bulgarian author and poet , born on 25 February 1958 in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Gaetano Manno ( born 26 July 1982 in Hagen ) is a German footballer of Italian descent who plays for Wuppertaler SV .
General Abdul Wahid Baba Jan , an ethnic Tajik from Parwan province and better known simply as `` General Babajan '' , was a member of the People 's Democratic Party of Afghanistan during the presidency of Dr. Najibullah .
Andrew Ornoch ( born 21 August 1985 in Warsaw ) is a Polish - born Canadian professional footballer who currently plays for Vaughan Azzurri , in League1 Ontario .
Born to an itinerant Jewish musician in Podgórze near Kraków , Ignaz Friedman was a child prodigy .
Ognjen Lekić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Огњен Лекић , born 7 January 1982 in Šabac ) , is a Serbian professional football player .
Tom Heathcote ( born 11 February 1992 in Inverness ) is a rugby union player for Scotland and Edinburgh in the Pro 12 .
`` The inquiry remains concerned at the conflict of interest that it believes existed between Craig Allardyce , his father Sam Allardyce -- the then manager at Bolton -- and the club itself . ''
Bernhard Eisenstuck ( 20 September 1805 , Annaberg - Buchholz , Electorate of Saxony -- 5 April 1871 ) , factory co - owner and president of the Chenmitz town council , was a prominent agitator for a trade policy , when only in the sense of a protective tariff .
John Mariano ( born August 5 , 1960 in Astoria , New York ) is an American actor who has worked in film , television , animation and nightclubs .
Lev Biryuk was born on May 31 , 1946 , in Horodnia , Chernihiv region .
Pietro Ghislandi ( born 19 April 1957 in Bergamo ) is an Italian actor .
Oier Zearra Garabieta , also known as Zearra ( born in Galdakao , Biscay on January 12 , 1977 ) , is a Basque pelota player for Asegarce company .
Séamus McFerran ( January 10 , 1916 -- August 31 , 1968 in Belfast ) , was the 18th president of the Gaelic Athletic Association ( 1955 - -1958 ) .
Robert Theobald was born in India in 1929 , the son of a British businessman .
Born in Istanbul , Alexander Bogoridi was the youngest son of one of the most influential persons in the Ottoman Empire --
Safi Belghomari ( Arabic : صافي بالغمر‎ ; born 3 February 1979 in Béni Saf ) is an Algerian professional footballer .
Patrick Gerritsen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈpɑtrɪk ˈɣɛrɪtsə(n ) ) ) ( born 13 March 1987 in Oldenzaal ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Topklasse side Excelsior ' 31 .
Giampiero Mazzi ( born in Frascati , 14 October 1974 ) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current coach .
Pietro Borradori ( Milan , 1965 ) is an Italian composer and entrepreneur .
Pavla Kalná ( née Habartová ) ( born November 14 , 1982 in Planá ) is a Czech sport shooter .
Ted Walker was born in Lancing , West Sussex , the son of a carpenter from Worcestershire who had found work in the south - coast construction industry .
Prince Ananda Mahidol Mahidol was born in Heidelberg , Germany .
Francesco Masciarelli ( born 5 May 1986 in Pescara ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer , who last rode for the Astana team .
Ivan Bunin was born on his parental estate in Voronezh province in Central Russia , the third and youngest son of Aleksey Nikolayevich Bunin ( 1827 - -1906 ) and Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Bunina ( née Chubarova , 1835 - -1910 ) .
Dolores Puthod , born in 1934 in Milan from Italian - French parents , is an Italian painter .
Alexandre - Jean - Baptiste - Guy de Gisors ( 20 September 1762 -- 6 May 1835 ) was a French architect , a member of the Gisors family of architects and prominent government administrators responsible for the construction and preservation of many public buildings in Paris .
Vlad Kozlov ( also known as Vladislav Kozlov and Vlad Alex Kozlov ) was born in Moscow in the former Soviet Union .
Howard Thurston ( July 20 , 1869 -- April 13 , 1936 ) was a stage magician from Columbus , Ohio , United States .
Slavko Labović ( born November 17 , 1962 , in Kolašin , PR Montenegro , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian - Danish actor most popular for the role as a Serbian gangster in the Pusher trilogy .
A native of Sens in the Bourgogne région , Édouard Charton trained as a lawyer , receiving his degree at the age of 20 .
Igor Sartori ( born January 8 , 1993 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian born Striker , he currently plays for Red Bull Brasil , on loan from Flamengo .
Artem Simonyan ( born 20 February 1995 in Saint - Petersburg , Russia ) is an Armenian footballer who plays as a right winger for Zürich .
Erik Verlinde was born in the Dutch village of Woudenberg on January 21 , 1962 , together with his identical twin brother , Herman Verlinde .
Ma Yansong ( Chinese : 马岩松 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yánsōng ; born in 1975 in Beijing ) is a Chinese architect and founder of MAD architects .
Yvan Lebourgeois ( born October 26 , 1962 in Noyers - Bocage ) is a French retired football defender .
Primož Kozak was born in Ljubljana , in what was then the Kingdom of Yugoslavia , to a prominent left liberal intellectual family .
Scott Calderwood ( born 11 March 1978 in Birmingham , England ) is a retired Scottish professional footballer , the son of Jimmy Calderwood .
Vujadin Popović ( 14 March 1957 , Popovići , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian Serb who participated in the War in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Betiana Blum ( born in Charata , Chaco in 1939 as Bety Ana Blum ) is an Argentine actress .
Gregory Burke ( born 1968 ) is a Scottish playwright from Rosyth , Fife , Scotland .
Alden Nowlan was born into rural poverty in Stanley , Nova Scotia , adjacent to Mosherville , and close to the small town of Windsor , Nova Scotia , along a stretch of dirt road that he would later refer to as Desolation Creek .
Natnael Berhane ( born 5 January 1991 in Asmara ) is an Eritrean professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team MTN - Qhubeka .
Andrea Gadaldi ( born August 25 , 1907 in Leno ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Jana Doleželová ( born 23 June 1981 in Šternberk , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech actress , model , pharmacist and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Czech Republic as a 22-year - old and was a semi - finalist in Miss World 2004 in China .
Viktoria Wolffhardt ( born 26 June 1994 in Tulln an der Donau ) is an Austrian slalom canoeist who has competed since 2009 .
Roald Dahl was born in 1916 at Villa Marie , Fairwater Road , in Llandaff , Cardiff , Wales to Norwegian parents , Harald Dahl and Sofie Magdalene Dahl ( née Hesselberg ) .
Dick Platt was an English footballer who played as a right back for Huyton Quarry , Tranmere Rovers and Northampton Town .
Milan Božić ( born January 23 , 1982 , Toronto ) is a Canadian football player of Serbian origin .
Adam Mickiewicz was born 24 December 1798 , either at his paternal uncle 's estate in Zaosie ( now Zavosse ) near Navahrudak ( in Polish , Nowogródek ) or in Navahrudak itself in what was then part of the Russian Empire and is now Belarus .
Giovanni Antonio Guadagni was born in 1674 into a wealthy noble family in Florence which was at the time under the rule of the House of Medici .
Born in Privas ( Ardèche ) , Marcel Astier was the son of parliamentarian François Astier .
Sam Chegini ( Persian : سام چگینی ) is an award winning Iranian artist born in Tehran in 1992 in an artistic family .
David Isay grew up in New Haven , Connecticut , and Manhattan , New York .
Guido Beck ( August 29 , 1903 -- October 21 , 1988 ) was a physicist born in what was then the town of Reichenberg in the Kingdom of Bohemia ( Austria - Hungary ) , and is now Liberec in the Czech Republic .
Adolphe Kégresse ( 1879 , Héricourt , Haute - Saône - 1943 ) was a French military engineer , inventor of the half - track and dual clutch transmission .
Manoel Miluir Macedo Cunha ( born 15 April 1948 in Pedro Avelino ) is a Brazilian professional football manager .
Enrico Toccacelo ( born 14 December 1978 in Rome ) is an Italian auto racer with karting , GT and Formula 3000 experience .
Rajab Mwinyi ( born January 10 , 1984 in Bujumbura ) is a Burundian midfield player who plays for Simba SC in Dar es Salaam .
Ruslana Pysanka ( Ukrainian : Руслана Писанка ) , born Ruslana Ihorivna Pysanko on 17 November 1965 in Kiev , is a Ukrainian actress and cinematographer .
Günter Weigand ( born in 1924 in Olsztyn , East Prussia ) is a self - proclaimed `` social lawyer '' ( Sozialanwalt ) , economist and amateur prosecutor who became victim of a judicial and psychiatric scandal .
Kim Deitch ( born May 21 , 1944 in Los Angeles ) is an American cartoonist who was an important figure in the underground comix movement of the 1960s , remaining active in the decades that followed with a variety of books and comics , sometimes using the pseudonym Fowlton Means .
Naseem Pashtoon Sharifi , a businessman , and major independent newspaper , media and advertising company owner , in Kandahar is reported to have been driven out of Afghanistan by these methods and went public with major and detailed accusations against Qayum Karzai and his associates .
Farideh Mostafavi studied Islamic studies at home as well as in several maktabs of Qom in the 1970s .
Arthur Cullin was a British actor of the silent era who was born in Kensington , London .
Jonathan Antoine ( born 13 January 1995 ) , is a classically - trained concert tenor from Hainault , Essex .
Dragutin Ristić ( born 5 August 1964 in Pula ) is a Croatian former footballer who played as a striker , currently coach of Kras .
Kourosh Bagheri ( Persian : كوروش باقری‎ , born January 1 , 1977 in Kermanshah ) is a former Iranian weightlifter who won the gold medal in the Men 's 94 kg weight class at the 2001 World Weightlifting Championships .
Jimmy Fagg ( born 1929 in Gravesend , Kent ) is an English stand - up comedian , musician and actor .
Perri Lister was born in London , England on 10 April 1959 , the daughter of Bert Lister , a stage manager , dresser and chauffeur , by his third wife , stage actress Gail Kendall .
Agustín Viana ( born 23 August 1983 in Chicago ) is an American - born Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Danubio of the Uruguayan Primera División .
Cratylus is mentioned in Aristotle 's Metaphysics in a passage which seems to imply that Cratylus was an established and active philosopher in Athens during the mid - late 5th century , and that Plato himself became briefly interested in his work prior to aligning with Socrates .
Agustín Canalda ( born 18 April 1977 , in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union footballer .
Ahmad Salamatian ( born 1941 , Isfahan ) is a former Iranian politician .
Monty Roberts was born in Salinas , California and is the son of horse trainer Marvin E Roberts , who authored his own self - published book called `` Horse and Horseman Training '' in 1957 .
Jochen Schümann ( born 8 June 1954 in East Berlin ) is a German sailor and olympic champion .
Bibiana Steinhaus ( born 24 March 1979 in Bad Lauterberg ) is a German football referee .
Glen Crowe ( born 25 December 1977 in Dublin ) is an Irish professional football forward who currently plays for Malahide United in the Leinster Senior League .
Myra Keaton was born Myra Edith Cutler in Modale , Iowa ; the daughter of Frank Luke Cutler ( 1849 - -1935 ) and Sarah Elizabeth ( née Shaffer ; 1850 - -1887 ) .
Born in Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania , then a part of the Russian Empire , Emjo Basshe immigrated to the United States in 1912 , at the age of 14 .
Frederick Benteen was born August 24 , 1834 , in Petersburg , Virginia to Theodore Charles Benteen and his wife Caroline ( Hargrove ) Benteen .
Mark Fitzloff ( born February 3 , 1971 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is an American advertising creative director .
Elaine Joyce Pinchot was born in Kansas City , Missouri of Hungarian ancestry .
Theodore Ziolkowski ( born 1932 in Birmingham , Alabama ) , is a scholar in the fields of German studies and comparative literature .
Rahmane Barry ( born 30 June 1986 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese football player who is speculated to be a free agent at present .
Cristóvão Borges dos Santos , or simply Cristóvão ( born 9 June 1959 in Salvador , Bahia ) is a former Brazilian football player at the position of Midfielder .
Rhea Haines ( October 2 , 1894 -- March 12 , 1964 ) was a silent film actress from Indiana .
Stuart McCall was born on 10 June 1964 in Leeds , England , to Scottish parents Andy , a former professional footballer , and Jean McCall .
Edwin Markham was born in Oregon City , Oregon , and was the youngest of 10 children ; his parents divorced shortly after his birth .
Born in Mataró , Barcelona , Catalonia , to Gambian parents , Bacari played for four clubs as a youth ( all in his native region , mainly RCD Espanyol ) , finishing his formation with CE Mataró and starting his career as a central defender , being known as Buba .
Raphaël Nadé ( born 18 October 1980 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a professional footballer who holds dual nationality with Côte d'Ivoire and France .
Ben Spies ( /ˈbɛn ˈspiːz/ ; born July 11 , 1984 in Memphis , Tennessee ) , also known as `` Elbowz '' due to his riding style where his elbows protrude outward , is a former professional motorcycle road racer who turned pro in 2000 .
Terry Wallis ( born April 7 , 1964 ) is an American man living in the Ozark Mountains of Arkansas who on June 11 , 2003 , regained awareness after spending 19 years in a minimally conscious state .
João Felipe Schmidt Urbano ( born 19 May 1993 ) , known as João Schmidt , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a defensive midfielder .
Joan Blackham ( born 1946 in Wolverhampton , Staffordshire , England ) is a prolific British actress with a long stage , film and television career .
Gothenburg - based Swedish composer , sound designer , and multi - instrumentalist Magnus Birgersson created Solar Fields in the late 1990s .
Courtney Adams ( born June 5 , 1981 in Houston , Texas ) is an artist based in Hamburg , Germany .
Peter Ludvig Panum ( 19 December 1820 -- 2 May 1885 ) was a Danish physiologist and pathologist born in Rønne .
Khalil Abdul - Rahman , professionally known as DJ Khalil , is an American hip hop and soul music producer from Los Angeles , California .
Cheng Wen ( Chinese : 程文 ; born 6 April 1989 in Binzhou ) is a Chinese athlete who competes in the 400 metre hurdles .
Álvaro André Rodrigues da Silva or simply Branquinho ( born November 14 , 1989 in Paulista ) , is a Brazilian Striker .
Matty Lewis ( born May 8 , 1975 in Portsmouth , Virginia ) is the rhythm guitarist and co - lead singer of Zebrahead , and is a native of Papillion , Nebraska .
Georgiy Sheiko ( born 24 August 1989 in Oral ) is a Kazakhstani racewalker .
The son of Baron Dániel Bánffy and Anna Gyárfás , Dezső Bánffy was born in Kolozsvár , Hungary ( now Cluj - Napoca , Romania ) on 28 October 1843 , and educated at the Berlin and Leipzig universities .
Stephen Rob Nunn , known as Steve Nunn ( born November 4 , 1952 , in Glasgow , Kentucky ) is the former Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services for the Commonwealth of Kentucky and a convicted murderer .
Yvonne Craig was born in Taylorville , Illinois , and was raised in Columbus , Ohio .
Idriz Seferi was born in the village of Sefer in the north of the Skopska Crna Gora ( in modern - day Preševo , south Serbia ) , at the time part of the Ottoman Kosovo Vilayet .
Donald Muller ( November 26 , 1917 , Detroit , Michigan - December 12 , 2012 , West Hills , California ) , known professionally as Don Medford , was an American television director who directed over 75 TV series between 1951 and 1989 , and who also directed three movies .
James Darrell Scott , known as Darrell Scott ( born August 6 , 1959 , London , Kentucky , United States ) , the son of musician Wayne Scott , is an American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Shokufeh Kavani ( Persian : شکوفه کاوانی‎ , born 1970 in Tehran ) is an Iranian contemporary painter , translator and artist currently living in Sydney .
Clement O. Miniger was born in North East , Pennsylvania , in November 1874 , to Mr. and Mrs. Samuel O. Miniger .
Jason Alfaro ( born November 29 , 1977 in San Antonio , Texas ) is a former Major League / Minor League baseball player .
Sharon Thesen ( born 28 October 1946 in Tisdale , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian poet who lives in Lake Country , British Columbia .
William Scranton was born on July 19 , 1917 , while the Scranton family was on vacation at a cottage in Madison , Connecticut .
Bogusław Hajdas managed Gwardia Warszawa , Pogoń Szczecin , KuPS , Poland U-21 , Wisła Kraków , VPS , Hutnik Kraków and Raków Częstochowa .
Théodose Morel , known as Tom Morel ( born Lyon , 1 August 1915 - died Entremont , 10 March 1944 ) was a career military officer and French Resistance fighter .
Cyril Edward Gourley was born in Wavertree , Liverpool and educated at Calday Grange Grammar School and Liverpool University , graduating in 1913 .
Ernest Van der Hallen ( Lier , June 2 , 1898 - there , February 24 , 1948 ) was a Flemish writer and Catholic youth leader during the Interbellum .
Theodor Fliedner ( 21 January 1800 , Eppstein - 4 October 1864 , Kaiserswerth ) was a German Lutheran minister and founder of Lutheran deaconess training .
Annie Ebrel is a traditional singer of Breton from the village of Lohuec , in the district of Callac .
Ghassan Afiouni ( Arabic : غسان أفيوني‎ ) is a scientist who was born in Tripoli , a town in Lebanon located on the coast of the mediterranean sea .
Samuel Minturn Peck was born in Tuscaloosa , Alabama on November 4 , 1854 , the youngest of nine children of Elisha Wolsey Peck and Lucy Lamb Randall .
John Besh ( born May 14 , 1968 , in Meridian , Mississippi ) is an American chef , TV personality , philanthropist , restaurateur and author .
Sajjan Singh Verma holds Master of Arts ( in Sociology ) degree from G.A.C.C. , Indore , Madhya Pradesh .
Charles Cumming ( born 5 April 1971 in Ayr , Scotland ) is a British writer of spy fiction .
Willie Nelson was born in Abbott , Texas on April 29 , 1933 , during the Great Depression , to Myrle Marie ( née Greenhaw ) and Ira Doyle Nelson .
Mitja Petkovšek ( born February 6 , 1977 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian gymnast .
Maria Lekkakos , born and raised in Lynn , MA is a beauty pageant contestant who later grew up in Rockport , Massachusetts who has competed in the Miss USA pageant .
Hermann Fol ( 23 July 1845 , Saint - Mandé-13 March 1892 ) was a Swiss zoologist and the father of modern cytology .
Patrick Mölleken ( born September 27 , 1993 in Haan ) is a German actor , dubber and voice - over artist on radio dramas as well as on audiobooks .
In 2012 , Wolfe opened a professional wrestling school , `` Wolfie D 's House of Champions '' , in Nashville , Tennessee .
Thomas Prence was probably born in the area of Lechlade a town , in the county of Gloucestershire in about 1600 to Thomas Prince and Elizabeth Todlerby .
Piotr Bazler ( born April 13 , 1981 in Łódź ) is a Polish professional football player who plays for Górnik Łęczna in the Ekstraklasa .
Frederick Codd ( b. 1832 East Dereham ) was a British Gothic Revival architect and speculative builder who designed and built many Victorian houses in North Oxford , England .
Susan Quilliam ( born 1950 in Liverpool ) is a British psychologist with particular focus on personal relationships .
Thomas Lodge , born about 1558 in west Ham , was the second son of Sir Thomas Lodge , Lord Mayor of London , and his third wife Anne ( 1528 - -1579 ) , daughter Henry Luddington ( died 1531 ) a grocer in London .
Tony D , born Anthony Depula ( born June 28 , 1966 , died April 4 , 2009 ) , was a hip hop artist from Trenton , New Jersey .
Eli Bowen was born in Richland County , Ohio to Robert and Sarah Bowen with his undeveloped feet attached to the hips due to a rare birth defect - the so - called seal limbs , which was caused by a genetic disorder phocomelia .
Ivo Gönner ( born 18 February 1952 in Laupheim ) is a member of the SPD and the Lord Mayor of Ulm , as of June 17 , 2015 .
Ivano Brugnetti ( born 1 September 1976 in Milan ) is an Italian former race walker .
Jack Deam ( born Ian Deam in 1972 in Oldham , Lancashire ) is an English actor .
Prince Karl Anton August of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Beck ( 10 August 1727 , in Marburg -- 12 September 1759 , in Stettin ) was the son of Peter August , Duke of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Beck and Princess Sophie of Hesse - Philippsthal .
Peter Max Lawrence ( born March 19 , 1977 in Topeka , Kansas ) is a contemporary media artist working within painting , video installation , sculpture , photography and drawing .
Christopher Morrison was born in London , England , and relocated with his parents to Los Angeles in the United States at the age of eight .
Jason Harris Katz ( born July 25 , 1969 in Manhattan , New York ) is an American voice actor and a former TV host .
Florin Popescu ( born August 30 , 1974 in Iancu Jianu , Olt ) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to 2005 .
Louise Beaudet was born in Tours , France in 1860 , but her family emigrated to Saint - Émile , Quebec , Canada when she was very young .
Andrejs Grants ( born March 7 , 1955 in Riga ) is a Latvian photographer and teacher .
Paul Theodore Arlt ( March 15 , 1914 , New York City - September 20 , 2005 , Rye , New York ) was an American painter .
Martin van Drunen ( Born 1966 , Uden ) is a Dutch death metal vocalist , who started out in the band Pestilence .
Gallen Lo Ka - leung is a Hong Kong actor and singer who primarily acts in television series .
Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радомир Дамњановић Дамњан , Mostar , 10 December 1935 ) is a Serbian painter and conceptual artist .
Chan Sze Wing ( Chinese : 陳思榮 ; Jyutping : can4 si1 wing6 ; born 23 March 1983 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Wofoo Tai Po as a left back and a left midfielder .
Gilles Archambault ( born September 19 , 1933 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian / Québécois novelist .
Mbom Mbom Julien ( born 23 April 1984 ) is an association football Midfielder from Yaoundé , Cameroon whose career in Indonesia took him in 2013 from Mitra Kukar F.C. to Persika Karawang .
Tiago da Costa Silva ( born 13 April 1987 in Rio de Janeiro ) , known as Tiago Costa , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santa Cruz as a left back .
Martin Smolka ( born August 11 , 1959 in Prague ) is a contemporary Czech composer of classical music .
Frank Tompkins was born September 28 , 1868 in Washington , D.C. , one of three surviving sons of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Henry Tompkins , a quartermaster officer in the United States Army , and Augusta Root ( Hobbie ) Tompkins .
Petrus Ngebo , previously known as Petrus Mahlatsi , ( born April 1 , 1984 in Koppies , Free State ) is a South African footballer who plays for Chippa United in the Premier Soccer League .
David Hepher ( born Surrey , England , 1935 ) is a British artist , best known for his paintings of buildings , especially tower blocks , including the Aylesbury Estate :
Count Gabrio Piola Daverio was born in Milan in a rich and aristocratic family .
Thomas van der Noot ( c. 1475- c. 1525 ) was a publisher and author of the early 16th century , from a prominent family from Brussels .
Gabriele Hooffacker studied Historical Sciences , German studies and economics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich .
Zakiya Nassar , sometimes spelled `` Zakia '' ( Arabic : زكية نصار‎ ) , born April 2 , 1987 in Bethlehem , Palestine ) , is an Olympic swimmer from Palestine .
Neville Buswell ( born 20 January 1943 in Chapel - en - le - Frith , Derbyshire ) is a British actor , best known for his role as Ray Langton in Coronation Street .
José William Vesentini ( born in 1950 in Presidente Bernardes ) is a Brazilian human geographer .
Anna Claudia Protásio Monteiro ( born June 3 , 1975 in Campos dos Goytacazes ) , known professionally as Cacau Protásio is a Brazilian actress .
Xu Genbao ( simplified Chinese : 徐根宝 ; traditional Chinese : 徐根寶 ; pinyin : Xú Gēnbǎo ; born January 16 , 1944 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football manager and a former international football player .
Rajani Palme Dutt was born in 1896 on Mill Road in Cambridge , England .
Jack Kerouac was born on March 12 , 1922 in Lowell , Massachusetts , to French Canadian parents , Léo - Alcide Kéroack and Gabrielle - Ange Lévesque , of St - Hubert - de - Rivière - du - Loup in the province of Québec , Canada .
Mika Newton ( Мiка Ньютон ; real name Oksana Stefanivna Grytsay , Ukrainian : Оксана Стефанівна Грицай ) , born on 5 March 1986 , is a Ukrainian singer and actress from the city of Burshtyn .
Vincenzo Chiarenza ( born September 27 , 1954 in Termini Imerese ) is a former Italian football coach of Como and former player .
Zhao Hejing started his football career with top tier side Chongqing Lifan and would make his league debut for the team on 3 July 2005 against Sichuan Guancheng where he conceded a penalty that led his club losing 2 - 1 .
André - Louis - Adolphe Laoust or André Laoust ( 1843 -- 1924 ) was a French sculptor born in Douai .
Mehdi Messaoudi ( Arabic : مَدهي مَساودي‎ ) ( born March 8 , 1989 in Nice , France ) is a French - Moroccan footballer .
Tornike Aptsiauri ( Georgian : თორნიკე აფციაური ; born 29 November 1979 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian professional football player .
Teresa Nzola Meso Ba ( born 30 November 1983 in Luanda ) is an Angolan - French triple jumper .
Yukhym Shkolnykov ( 31 January 1939 , Chernihiv -- 3 September 2009 ) was a Ukrainian coach .
Eladio Vélez was a Colombian painter , was born in Itagüí , Antioquia in 1897 and died in Medellin , Antioquia in 1967 .
Indelicato was born in Philadelphia , the son of Lynn and Mark Indelicato , Sr . He is of three quarters Italian and one quarter Puerto Rican descent .
Debbie Moore was born and raised in Urmston , near Manchester , the daughter of Hazel , a clerk , and Ron Moore , a plumber .
Luis Olaso Anabitarte ( 15 August 1900 in Villabona , Guipúzcoa - 1982 ) was a Spanish footballer .
Lydia Pinkham was born in the manufacturing city of Lynn , Massachusetts , the tenth of the twelve children of William and Rebecca Estes .
Markku Uusipaavalniemi ( born November 23 , 1966 in Karkkila ) is a Finnish curler and former politician .
Lokua Kanza was born Pascal Lokua Kanza in Bukavu in the province of Sud - Kivu , in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Chen Xirong ( Chinese : 陈熙荣 born 1953 in Guangzhou ) is a former Chinese international football player and coach as well as also being a media pundit .
Troy Gregory ( born November 13 , 1966 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a singer , songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , filmmaker and solo artist .
Gerard Cox ( born 6 March 1940 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch singer , cabaret artist and actor .
Tom Magee ( born July 1 , 1958 ) is a Canadian world champion powerlifter and strongman competitor from Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Kenneth `` Ken Jay '' Lacey ( born June 10 , 1966 ) is an American musician , best known as the original drummer for Static - X. Jay was born in Jamaica , Illinois .
Gerald Finzi was born in London , the son of John Abraham ( Jack ) Finzi ( of Italian Jewish descent ) and Eliza Emma ( Lizzie ) Leverson ( daughter of Montague Leverson , of German Jewish descent ) .
Andrew Stimpson ( born 1980 in Largs , Scotland ) is a former glamour model , who was once cover boy and centrefold of Euroboy magazine .
Marinko Galič ( born 22 April 1970 in Koper ) is a former Slovenian footballer who has represented his country at the two major tournaments for which they have qualified ( Euro 2000 and Football World Cup 2002 ) .
Andie MacDowell was born in Gaffney , South Carolina , the daughter of Pauline `` Paula '' Johnston ( née Oswald ) , a music teacher , and Marion St. Pierre MacDowell , a lumber executive .
Bharat Jangam was born on 25 Nov 1947 in an historically and architecturally renowned city called in Bhaktapur of Kathmandu Valley , Nepal .
Dario Edoardo Viganò ( born 27 June 1962 in Rio de Janeiro ) is an Italian Catholic priest , writer and university teacher .
Alfred Jean Halou ( born in Blois in 1875 and died in Paris in 1939 ) was a French sculptor .
Noel Peyton ( born Dublin , Ireland ; 4 December 1935 ) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as an inside left for Shamrock Rovers , Leeds United and York City , and for the Republic of Ireland national football team .
Jean de Lalande was a native of Dieppe , Normandy .
Ayah Bdeir ( born 1982 in Montreal , Quebec ) is the founder and CEO of littleBits , an open source library of modular electronics that snap together with magnets .
Samuel Mayes Arnell ( May 3 , 1833 -- July 20 , 1903 ) was an American politician who represented the 6th congressional district of Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives .
Esterino Montino ( Rome , 1942 ) , is an Italian politician .
Peter Pau Tak - Hei ( Chinese : 鮑德熹 ) , born 1951 in Hong Kong , is a Hong Kong - based cinematographer , best known to western audiences as the cinematographer in Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , for which he won the Best Cinematographer Oscar in 2000 .
Fanny Salvini - Donatelli , whose real name was Francesca Lucchi , was born in Florence to a prosperous family .
Anagabriela Espinoza Marroquín ( born April 18 , 1988 in Monterrey , Nuevo León ) is a Mexican beauty queen who won the 2009 Miss International pageant on November 28 , 2009 in Chengdu , Sichuan , China .
Ivan Ilyin was born in Moscow in an aristocratic family of Rurikid descent .
The son of farmers Malcolm and Hilda Headlam , Frank Headlam was born on 15 July 1914 in Launceston , Tasmania .
Rémi Cusin ( born 3 February 1986 in Saint - Julien en Genevois ) is a French former professional road racing cyclist , who competed as a professional between 2009 and 2013 .
Born and educated in New York City , Arthur Hammerstein was the son of the theater impresario and composer Oscar Hammerstein I. Arthur started out as a bricklayer and plasterer , working on projects with his father including the Victoria Theater and Manhattan Opera House .
Dirk Marcellis ( born 13 April 1988 in Horst aan de Maas ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a centre back for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Lubatti was born in Seattle , Washington , to Catherine Lubatti , a travel agency worker who is of French descent , and Henri Lubatti , Sr . , a physics professor who is of Italian descent .
Jelena Lolović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јелена Лоловић ; born in Sarajevo , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia on 14 July 1981 ) is a Serbian alpine skier .
Jeffrey Rijsdijk ( born September 12 , 1987 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer of Indonesian descent who plays for Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Jeff Hordley ( born Jeffrey Thomas Percy , 7 March 1970 in Crumpsall , Manchester ) is an English actor most notable for playing Cain Dingle in ITV 's long - running soap opera Emmerdale .
Scott Thompson Baker ( born September 15 , 1960 ) is an American television actor , from Golden Valley , Minnesota .
Kamghe Gaba ( born 13 January 1984 in Friedberg ( Hessen ) ) is a German sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres .
Nader Faghihzadeh ( Persian : نادر فقیه‌زاده‎ , born 1976 in Tehran ) is an Iranian - German Automobile Designer based in Munich .
Ann Tenno ( née Ann Epler ) , ( born 4 December 1952 in Tartu ) is an Estonian photographer and photo artist .
Qu Yun ( simplified Chinese : 瞿韵 ; traditional Chinese : 瞿韻 ; pinyin : Qū Yùn ; born June 5 , 1978 in Hangzhou , Zhejiang ) is a former butterfly stroke swimmer from China .
Viviane Brunieri ( born April 9 , 1976 , in Peruíbe , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian former model and porn star .
Jonas Eneroth ( born in Gothenburg , Sweden ) is a video game producer , game designer and entrepreneur .
Almir Memić ( born March 3 , 1962 . in Sarajevo ) is a football coach and former international player from Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Francis Daniels Moore ( April 17 , 1913 in Evanston , Illinois - November 24 , 2001 in Westwood , Massachusetts ) was an American surgeon who was a pioneer in numerous experimental surgical treatments .
Igor Rossi Branco or Igor Rossi for short ( born 10 March 1989 in Campinas , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian professional footballer , who plays for Scottish Premiership side Heart of Midlothian , as a centre - back .
Erich Urbach ( 29 July 1893 , Prague -- 1946 ) was an Austrian dermatologist from Vienna who , in conjunction with Camillo Wiethe , an otorhinolaryngologist , first described lipoid proteinosis .
Annalisa Minetti ( born 27 December 1976 in Rho ) is an Italian singer and Paralympic athlete .
Uri Segal ( born 7 March 1944 , Jerusalem ) is an Israeli musical conductor .
Alexandra Dreyfus was born in sunny Los Angeles , and as a young professional was thrown straight into the Hollywood mixer appearing in soap opera 's , commercials and as the face of Mattel , Barbie boxes everywhere .
David Bustamante Hoyos ( born 25 March 1982 in San Vicente de la Barquera , Cantabria ) is a Spanish pop singer and songwriter .
José Félix Ribas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xoˈse ˈfeliks ˈriβas ) ; Caracas , 19 September 1775 -- Tucupido , 31 January 1815 ) , was a Venezuelan independence leader and hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence .
Teresa Southwick ( born California , United States ) is an American author of contemporary and historical romance novels .
Paul Winter attended Altoona Area High School and graduated in 1957 .
Willem Eduard Bok , Jr. , ( Pretoria , South African Republic 1 January 1880 -- Pretoria , Union of South Africa , 29 October 1956 ) was a South African lawyer , statesman and judge of Dutch descent .
Tobias Steinhauser ( born 27 January 1972 in Lindenberg i m Allgäu ) is a former German cyclist .
Emmet McLoughlin was an amateur football player who represented Ireland at the 1948 London Olympic Games .
Adelaide of Susa or Adelaide of Turin ( also Adelheid , Adelais , or Adeline ; c. 1014/1020 -- 19 December 1091 ) was the Marchioness of Turin from 1034 to her death .
Pierre Giffard 's father was a lawyer and mayor in Fontaine - le - Dun .
Darryl Way ( born 17 December 1948 , in Taunton , Somerset ) is a British rock and classical musician who was a founding member of Curved Air and co - writer of their only hit single , `` Back Street Luv '' .
Jörn Schwinkendorf ( born 27 January 1971 in Hamburg ) is a former German professional footballer currently manager of VfB Pößneck .
Song Aimin ( simplified Chinese : 宋爱民 ; traditional Chinese : 宋愛民 ; pinyin : Sòng Àimín , born February 7 , 1978 in Hengshui , Hebei ) is a Chinese discus thrower .
Nina Micić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Нина Мицић , born 30 January 1991 in Kraljevo ) is a Serbian snowboarder .
Elsie Allen ( 22 September 1899 -- 31 December 1990 ) was a Native American Pomo basket weaver from the Cloverdale Rancheria of Pomo Indians of California in Northern California , significant as for historically categorizing and teaching Californian Indian basket patterns and techniques and sustaining traditional Pomo basketry as an art form .
Koh Traoré ( born August 29 , 1989 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé - born Ivory Coast football striker who plays for EGS Gafsa in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Dyzaiss - Lys Mouithys Mickalad ( born July 4 , 1985 in Brazzaville ) is a Congolese football player , who is currently playing for Al - Qadisiyah FC .
Bernt Ivar Eidsvig ( former order name Markus Bernt Eidsvig ) ( born September 12 , 1953 at Rjukan ) is the Catholic Bishop of Oslo and functioning apostolic administrator of Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Trondheim .
Slavomír Kňazovický ( born May 3 , 1967 in Piešťany ) is a Czechoslovak - Slovak sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s ( decade ) .
Jon Wozencroft ( born 1 June 1958 , in Epsom , England ) is a graphic designer , author and instructor .
Sébastien Mazure ( born March 20 , 1979 , in Paris ) is a retired French football ( soccer ) striker who last played for SM Caen .
Ballerina Ghislaine Thesmar was born in 1943 in Beijing , China , and studied at the Paris Conservatoire .
Ridley was born in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and raised from age 7 in Mequon , Wisconsin , with an ophthalmologist father , John Ridley , III , and a mother , Terry Ridley , who was a special education teacher for Milwaukee Public Schools .
Deborah Turner Harris ( born 1951 in Pennsylvania ) , is an American fantasy author , best known for her collaborations with Katherine Kurtz .
Nastasya Samburskaya born in Priozersk , Leningrad Oblast , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union .
Remo Lederer ( born December 19 , 1968 in Rodewisch ) is a retired German ski jumper .
Isabelle Stead ( born 8 October 1979 in Leeds , United Kingdom ) is a British film director , producer and philanthropist .
Navy captain Jeong Bal ( 정발 , 鄭撥 , 1553 - -1592 ) was a Korea navy captain who commanded a garrison at Busan port .
The second of three children , Jung Ryeo - won was born in Seoul , but emigrated to Brisbane , Australia in 1991 with her family .
Ninian Sanderson ( 14 May 1925 , Glasgow , Scotland -- 1 October 1985 ) was a car dealer , sports car racing driver , and winner of the 1956 24 Hours of Le Mans .
Shelia Burrell ( born 15 January 1972 in Albuquerque , New Mexico ) is a retired American heptathlete .
Josephine Siao Fong - Fong was born as Siao Liang in Luzhi in Suzhou , Jiangsu .
Marie - Louise Rainer ( sometimes known as Marie - Luise Rainer , born April 23 , 1959 in Telfes ) is an Italian luger who competed between the late 1970s and the late 1980s .
Klaus Ehl ( born 16 August 1949 in Paderborn ) is a German former athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Jaap van Duijn ( Katwijk , 23 December 1990 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker .
Matt Osterman is an American independent filmmaker who was born in Rhinelander , Wisconsin .
Gianluca Pessotto ( born 11 August 1970 in Latisana , Province of Udine ) is a retired football player .
Kelan Phil Cohran ( born in Oxford , Mississippi on May 8 , 1927 ) is a jazz musician .
In 1967 Manana Antadze has graduated from Tbilisi State University ( TSU ) , Western European Languages and Literature .
Paul Fix was born in Dobbs Ferry , New York , to Wilhelm Fix , a brewmaster , and the former Louise C. Walz .
Fred Ferrari was born in Stratford , London on 22 May 1901 to an Italian father and an English mother .
Lina Ron was born in Anaco , Anzoategui state on September 23 , 1959 .
Jana Kirschner ( born Jana Kirschnerová , December 29 , 1978 , Martin ) is a Slovak singer .
Jon Bru Gaspar ( born October 18 , 1977 in Bera , Navarre ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer formerly on the UCI ProTeam Euskaltel - Euskadi .
Ottó Károlyi ( born Paris ) , having studied in Budapest , Vienna , and London , is a musicologist and the Senior Lecturer of Music at the University of Stirling , Scotland .
Michelle McManus was born in 1980 in Queen Mother 's Maternity Hospital , Glasgow , Scotland to John McManus and Helen McManus , and is the oldest of five sisters .
Edurne was born on 22 December 1985 in the capital of Spain , Madrid .
Adalbert J. Volck ( 1828 - -1912 ) was a dentist , political cartoonist , and caricaturist born in Bavaria .
Irvin Khoza ( born 27 January 1948 in Alexandra ) is a South African soccer administrator .
Born in Reus , Tarragona , Catalonia , Sergi Roberto began playing football with local UE Barri Santes Creus at the age of 9 , arriving in FC Barcelona 's youth academy five years later from neighbours Gimnàstic de Tarragona .
Rogério Sampaio Cardoso ( born Santos , September 12 , 1967 ) is a Brazilian judoka and Olympic champion .
Hans Baluschek was born on 9 May 1870 in Breslau , then Germany 's sixth - largest city ( now Wrocław , Poland ) , to Franz Baluschek , a surveyor and railroad engineer and his wife .
Ménélik , now MNLK ( Albert Tjamag ; born 10 September 1970 in Yaoundé , Cameroon ) , is a French rapper .
Erwin Weber ( born 12 June 1959 in Munich ) is a former German rally driver .
Florence Masnada ( born December 16 , 1968 in Vizille ) is a retired French alpine skier , who won a bronze Olympic medal .
Andrew Deveaux ( 30 April 1758 -- 11 July 1812 ) was an American Loyalist from South Carolina who is most famous for his recapture of the Bahamas in 1783 .
Slobodan Čendić ( Kragujevac , 28 August 1938 ) is a former Yugoslavian / Serbian football manager resident in Germany since 1970 .
Kitwana Rhymer ( born 22 May 1978 in Saint Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands ) is a United States Virgin Islands basketball player currently with La Villa Basketball of the La Vega League in the Dominican Republic .
Marco Enrico Bossi ( April 25 , 1861 , Salò -- February 20 , 1925 ) was an Italian organist , composer , improviser and pedagogue .
Joe Hill , born Joel Emmanuel Hägglund in Gävle , Sweden , and also known as Joseph Hillström ( October 7 , 1879 -- November 19 , 1915 ) was a Swedish - American labor activist , songwriter , and member of the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW , familiarly called the `` Wobblies '' ) .
Alain Ferté ( born 8 October 1955 in Falaise , Calvados ) is a professional racing driver .
Charles de Lorraine de Vaudémont was born in Nomeny on 20 April 1561 , the son of Nicolas , Duke of Mercœur and his wife Margaret of Egmont .
Vujadin Stanojković ( Macedonian : Вујадин Станојковиќ , Serbian : Вујадин Станојковић ; born 10 September 1963 in Kumanovo ) is a Macedonian and a former Yugoslav football player and a football coach .
Einar Fagstad ( born 30 October 1899 in Lillehammer , died 19 February 1961 in Göteborg ) was a Norwegian - Swedish accordionist , singer , actor and composer .
Madhusudan Mistry was born to Devaram Gopalram and Tulasiben in Asarwa , Ahmedabad , in 1945 .
Nirmal Jit Singh Sekhon was born on 17 July 1945 in the village of Isewal Dakha in Ludhiana District , Punjab .
Maria Tsoni ( Greek : Μαρία Τσώνη ; born 1 March 1963 in Agrinio ) is a retired Greek athlete who specialised in the sprinting events .
Michel Plancherel ( 16 January 1885 , Bussy , Fribourg -- 4 March 1967 , Zurich ) was a Swiss mathematician .
Sophus Christian Frederik Schandorph ( or Skamdrup ) , known simply as Sophus Schandorph , ( 8 May 1836 -- 1 January 1901 ) , Danish poet and novelist , was born at Ringsted in Zealand .
George Robert Twelves Hewes ( August 25 , 1742 -- November 5 , 1840 ) was a participant in the political protests in Boston at the onset of the American Revolution , and one of the last survivors of the Boston Tea Party and the Boston Massacre .
Princess Lalla Latifa Amahzoune ( Amazigh : ⵍⴰⵍⵍⴰ ⵍⴰⵟⵉⴼⴰ ⴰⵎⵃⵣⵓⵏ ; Arabic : لالة لطيفة أمحزون‎ -- born 1945 or 1946 ) in Khenifra is the widow of King Hassan II and the mother of Princess Lalla Meryem , King Mohammed VI , Princess Lalla Asma , Princess Lalla Hasna and Prince Moulay Rachid .
His first automobile manufacturing business , `` Société des Anciens Établissements Georges Richard '' , was founded in the North - Paris suburb of `` Ivry - Port '' in 1897 by Georges Richard and his brother Maxime Richard .
Felix Großschartner ( born December 23 , 1993 in Wels ) is an Austrian cyclist riding for CCC - Sprandi - Polkowice .
Zou Jie ( Chinese:邹捷 ) ( born January 17 , 1981 in Dalian ) is a former Chinese international football player .
Federico Melchiorri ( born January 6 , 1987 in Treia ) is an Italian professional football player who plays as a striker for Cagliari .
Udo Quellmalz ( born March 8 , 1967 in Leipzig ) is a German judoka , who 's nicknamed Quelle .
Jamie Delano ( born 1954 in Northampton ) is a British comics writer .
Zerach Warhaftig was born in Volkovysk in the Russian Empire ( today Vawkavysk , Belarus ) in 1906 .
Torsten de Winkel ( born in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German musician , composer and philosopher primarily active in the jazz and world music genres .
Florent Emilio Siri ( born 2 March 1965 in Saint - Avold , Moselle ) is a French video game and film director and screenwriter born in Lorraine .
Israel Hershberg was born on November 7 , 1948 in a Displaced Persons camp in Linz , Austria .
Pooja Chopra was crowned with the 2009 Femina Miss India East title on 17 February 2009 , in Kolkata .
Elinor Joseph ( Arabic : آلينور جوزف‎ , Hebrew : אלינור ג'וזף‎ ; born 1991 in Jish , Israel ) is an Israeli - Arab soldier who has served with the Caracal Battalion of the Israel Defense Forces since 2010 .
Ferenc Fülöp ( born in Budapest 22 February 1955 ) is a Hungarian football administrator with MTK Hungária FC .
Bohuslav Matoušek ( born in Havlíčkův Brod , 26 September 1949 ) is a Czech violinist and violist .
Zhang Liangying ( simplified Chinese : 张靓颖 ; traditional Chinese : 張靚穎 ; pinyin : Zhāng Liàngyǐng;or Zhang Jinying ; born October 11 , 1984 in Chengdu , Sichuan ) , also known as Jane Zhang , is a Chinese pop singer .
Karel Večeřa ( born 9 October 1955 in Ivančice ) is a Czech football manager and former footballer .
Sadie Peterson Delaney , daughter of Julia Frances Hawkins Johnson and James Johnson , was born on February 26 , 1889 , in Rochester , New York .
Lulu Roman ( born Bertha Louise Hable on May 6 , 1946 , in Dallas , Texas ) is a comedian and singer .
Reza Davood Nejad ( Persian : رضا داوودنژاد‎‎ ) ( born 17 June 1981 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actor and TV presenter .
Daniel Jewel is a London - based film producer and director .
Mikael Rahm , ( born 15 May 1957 in Östersund ) is a Swedish actor .
Heather Raffo ( born in Michigan , United States ) is a Lucille Lortel Award - winning Iraqi American playwright and actress , best known for her leading role in the one - woman play 9 Parts of Desire .
Wilhelm Külz was born on 18 February 1875 at Borna near Leipzig in the Kingdom of Saxony .
Charles `` Lil Buck '' Riley ( born May 25 , 1988 ) is a Los Angeles - based dancer and occasional model from Memphis , Tennessee who specializes in a style of street dance called jookin ' .
Kim Kötter ( born 27 July 1982 , Losser , Overijssel ) is a Dutch director , model and beauty pageant titleholder .
Valeria Lukyanova was born on 23 August 1985 in Tiraspol , in what was then part of Moldavian SSR in the Soviet Union .
A native of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Larry Winters made his professional debut in 1982 .
Leif B. Lillegaard ( 1 May 1918 , Sandnessjøen -- 24 April 1994 ) was a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor , radio reporter and novelist .
Remigius Machura ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈremɪɡɪjus ˈmaxura ) ) ( born July 3 , 1960 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou ) is a retired shot putter who represented Czechoslovakia .
Kristaps Mauriņš ( born 5 May 1991 in Cēsis ) is a Latvian luger .
Ivan Aguéli was born John Gustaf Agelii in the small Swedish town of Sala in 1869 , the son of veterinarian Johan Gabriel Agelii .
Mike Chavez - Dawson ( born 1974 in Maidstone ) is an English artist and curator .
Mimoun Azaouagh ( born 17 November 1982 in Beni Sidel , Morocco ) is a Moroccan - born German footballer , who is currently a free agent .
Cook Cleland was born in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1916 , and graduated from the University of Missouri in 1940 .
Kathleen Parlow ( September 20 , 1890 , Fort Calgary , Alberta -- August 19 , 1963 , near Toronto , Ontario ) was a child prodigy with her outstanding technique with a violin , which earned her the nickname `` The lady of the golden bow '' .
Gabriel da Silva Dias ( born 17 December 1980 in Pelotas ) , commonly known as Gabriel , is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Barcelona as a Flank .
Anders Hovden ( April 6 , 1860 in Ørsta -- November 26 , 1943 ) was a Norwegian hymnwriter , priest , author and popular speaker .
Sam Bell ( born 6 February 1909 in Burnhope -- died 1982 ) was a professional footballer who played for Burnhope Institution , Norwich City , Luton Town , Tottenham Hotspur , Southend United , Millwall and Tonbridge .
Laurent Henric is a former French footballer and coach , born 20 March 1905 in Sète ( Hérault ) , died 1992 .
Katalin Juhász ( Hungarian : Juhász Katalin , Tóth Gézáné , born Juhász Katalin ; born 24 November 1932 in Hódmezővásárhely ) was a Hungarian foil fencer .
Emilio Villoresi was born in Milan , Lombardy , the younger brother of the star Maserati driver , Luigi Villoresi who co - piloted with him in several races at the beginning of their careers .
Mohamed Salah Mzali ( born Monastir , February 11 , 1896 - died November 22 , 1984 ) was a Tunisian educator , historian , and politician .
Iyad Abu Gharqoud ( Arabic : إياد أبو غرقود‎ ; born 22 July 1988 in Gaza ) is a Palestinian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Al - Baqa'a in the Jordan Premier League and Palestine national team .
Nikolay Nikolayevich Krasil'nikov , also known as Nikolay Nikolayevich Krasilnikov , ( Russian : Красильников , Николай Николаевич , born 22 January 1927 , Irkutsk , USSR ) is a Russian scientist and educator in the fields of image transmission , image compression and human visual system .
Born and brought up in Indore , Chandrakant Singh hails from Jodhpur , Rajasthan .
Bruno Konczylo ( born 26 August 1968 in Châteaudun ) is a retired French middle - distance runner who competed primarily in the 800 metres .
Bas van Velthoven ( born February 26 , 1985 in Hazerswoude - Rijndijk ) is a Dutch Swimmer who specializes in freestyle .
Randy Sandke ( born 1949 in Chicago ) is a jazz trumpeter and guitarist .
Johann Georg Dominicus von Linprun was born on 10 January 1714 in Viechtach in the Bavarian Forest , son of a municipal and district court clerk .
Ryan Trecartin ( born 1981 , Webster , Texas ) is an American artist and filmmaker currently based in Los Angeles .
David Marciano ( born January 7 , 1960 , in Newark , New Jersey ) is an American actor best known for his roles as Detective Raymond Vecchio in the television series Due South and Detective Steve Billings in the FX police drama The Shield .
The New York Times said of her : `` The simple realism , nostalgic atmosphere and luminous color with which Grandma Moses portrayed simple farm life and rural countryside won her a wide following .
Jessy Terrero ( born July 3 , 1975 ) is a Dominican Republic film and music video director .
Massimiliano Taddei , also known as Max Taddei ( born April 18 , 1991 in Pontedera ) is an Italian professional football who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Venezia , on co - ownership from Fiorentina .
Robert Sanderson McCormick was born July 26 , 1849 on the family plantation known as Walnut Grove in Rockbridge County , Virginia .
Sascha Konietzko lived in the United States from 1991 to 2007 , dividing his time among Chicago , New York City , and Seattle before moving back to his hometown of Hamburg , Germany .
Umberto Vergine graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Milan .
Wutthipong Kerdkul ( Thai วุฒิพงษ์ เกิดกุล ) , born March 14 , 1987 ) in Surat Thani .
José Vizcarra ( born 8 August 1984 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Ferro Carril Oeste in the Primera B Nacional .
Ivan Lajtman ( born 1 July 1979 in Đakovo ) is a Croatian football who plays for NK Karlovac .
Alberto Gonzales was born to a Catholic family in San Antonio , Texas , and raised in Humble , a town outside of Houston .
Ted Eck ( born July 14 , 1966 , in Springfield , Illinois ) is a retired American soccer player who played for numerous clubs in the United States and Canada over a thirteen - year professional career .
Karlheinz Kaske ( April 19 , 1928 in Essen -- September 27 , 1998 ) was a German manager and CEO of the Siemens AG from 1981 to 1992 .
Giacomo Caliri ( born 29 July 1940 in Catania ) is an Italian former Formula One engineer .
Michal Riszdorfer ( Hungarian : Riszdorfer Mihály , pronounced ( ˈrisdorfɛr ˈmihaːj ) ; born May 26 , 1977 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak sprint canoer who has competed since the late 1990s .
Leo Portnoff ( born 1875 in Kiev , died 1940 in Miami , Florida ) was a musician , teacher , and composer .
Melchior Feselen , an historical painter , of Passau , lived at the same time as Altdorfer , whose works he imitated with assiduity .
Dr Margaret Elsworth MBE ( born 5 December 1929 , East Grinstead , Sussex ) was the founder of the African Scholars ' Fund and the African Scholars ' Fund UK .
Kristmann Guðmundsson ( October 23 , 1901 , Thverfell , Borgarfjörður -- November 20 , 1983 , Reykjavík ) was an Icelandic novelist notable for his works of romantic fiction .
Bianca Rech ( born 25 January 1981 in Bad Neuenahr - Ahrweiler , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a German footballer .
Raymond Gutierrez ( born January 21 , 1984 in Beverly Hills , California ) , is a TV host , editor , columnist , endorser and actor in the Philippines .
Simon De Jong was born in Surabaya , Indonesia , spending the first three years of his life , with his mother Dirkje and older brother Hielke in a concentration camp .
Arielle Jacobs ( born September 9 in San Francisco , California ) is an American actress , mostly seen on stage in musicals .
Edward Brzozowski ( born 11 October 1920 in Warsaw -- 25 June 1983 ) is a Polish football player and coach .
Chris Coss was born in Wolverhampton and is the rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist for Cloven Hoof and Joseph Whelan .
Trần Hanh , realname is Trần Huy Hanh , was born in 1932 to a poor family in Lộc Vượng commune , Mỹ Lộc , Nam Định .
Sayed Asim Hassan ( born 28 November 1979 in Malerkotla , Punjab ) is an Indian football player who plays as a Midfielder for I - League 2nd Division team ONGC F.C ..
Tess Henley is an American singer - songwriter and pianist from Kent , Washington , United States .
Ronen Gabay ( Hebrew : רונן גבאי ) is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya throughout his entire career .
Antonio Siciliano ( born in Taurianova 4 February 1936 ) is an Italian film editor .
Byron Habinsky was born in Riga , which at the time was still part of the former Soviet Union .
Petko Vasilev Vasilev ( born 16 January 1990 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian football player who played for Botev Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A PFG in the 2009 - -10 season , before that club suffered administrative relegation .
Cornelius Eady was born in Rochester , New York and is an author of seven volumes of poetry .
Shinehead ( born Edmund Carl Aiken , 10 April 1962 , Kent , England ) is an English - born , Bronx New York raised Jamaican reggae singer / toaster / rapper .
Volker Neumüller ( born 18 October 1969 in Cuxhaven ) is a German music manager and was known for being a judge on Deutschland sucht den Superstar .
Tommy Schleh ( born December 10 , 1964 in Neckarbischofsheim ) , known under his stage name as DJ Klubbingman , is a Eurodance DJ and former member of the band Masterboy .
Samik Bandyopadhyay ( Bengali : শমীক বন্দ্যোপাধ্যায় ; born 1940 ) is a Kolkata - based critic of Indian art , theatre and film .
Mario Berti was born in La Spezia , which is located in modern day Liguria .
Allen Fong Yuk - ping ( 方育平 ) ( born July 10 , 1947 ) is a film director and one of the leaders of the Hong Kong New Wave of the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Sofia Ennaoui ( born 30 August 1995 in Ben Guerir , Morocco ) is a Polish athlete competing in the middle - distance running events .
Marco Lingua ( born 4 June 1978 in Chivasso , Piedmont ) is an Italian hammer thrower .
Peter Pezzelli was born and raised in Rhode Island , Peter Pezzelli grew up in the town of North Providence .
Andrea Limbacher ( born July 25 , 1989 in Bad Ischl ) is an Austrian freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross .
Winifred Lenihan was born in Brooklyn and , as she said , `` always lived within subway distance of 42nd Street . ''
Candice Breitz ( born 1972 , Johannesburg ) is a South African artist who works primarily in video and photography .
Ray Kurzweil grew up in the New York City borough of Queens .
Nick Garcia ( born April 9 , 1979 in Plano , Texas ) is an American soccer player who grew up playing for the Dallas Texans Soccer Club and most recently played for Toronto FC in Major League Soccer .
M. David Lee III ( born September 14 , 1965 , Champaign , Illinois ) is an award - winning American film director , producer , writer , editor and director of photography .
Dennis Holahan ( born November 7 , 1942 , in Stamford , Connecticut ) is an American actor and attorney .
Nebojša Krstić ( born 9 July 1957 , in Belgrade ) is a Serbian physician and musician ( VIS Idoli ) .
Isaac M. Jordan ( born Isaac Alfred Jordan ; May 5 , 1835 -- December 3 , 1890 ) was a United States Congressman born in Mifflinburg , Union County , Pennsylvania .
Mário Barroso ( born August 15 , 1947 ) is a Portuguese film director , actor and cinematographer born in Lisbon .
René - Louis Baron ( born February 9 , 1944 in Romans - sur - Isère ) is a French inventor , author and songwriter .
Eberhard Schoener ( born May 13 , 1938 , Stuttgart ) is a German musician , composer , conductor , and arranger .
N. T. Rama Rao ( NTR ) was born on 28 May 1923 in Nimmakuru , a small village in Gudivada taluk of Krishna District , which was a part of the erstwhile Madras Presidency of British India .
Gabriela Montero ( born May 10 , 1970 in Caracas ) is a Venezuelan pianist , known in particular for her real - time improvisation of complex musical pieces made `` on the fly '' on themes suggested by her audience and other sources , as well as for performances of standard classical repertoire .
Lucille Kallen ( May 28 , 1922 , Los Angeles , California -- January 18 , 1999 , Ardsley , New York ) was an American writer , screenwriter , playwright , composer , and lyricist .
Marci Liroff ( born February 3 , 1958 ) is a casting director , based in Los Angeles , California , known for her work in film and television .
Jean Daniel Abraham Davel , ( Major Davel ) , ( 20 October 1670 , Morrens - 24 April 1723 , Vidy ) was a soldier and patriot of Vaud .
In the elections in December 1999 , Mutabar Tadjibayeva was a candidate for deputy to the Regional Council of Fergana .
Misheck Lungu ( born 2 May 1980 in Lusaka ) is a Zambian footballer .
Brian Dooley ( born 16 April 1971 in Crosby , Lancashire ) is an English television writer .
Mimi So is a New York City - based jewelry designer of Chinese descent , known for a `` distinctive and definitive fashion vibe '' and a large celebrity clientele .
Philip Schyle ( born September 15 , 1962 Nouméa , New Caledonia ) is a French Polynesian politician and a member of the O Porinetia To Tatou Ai'a political party .
Benoît Frachon was born on 13 May 1893 in Le Chambon - Feugerolles , Loire , the third of five children in a working - class family .
Rune Berger ( formerly known as Rune Johansen , born 1 April 1978 ) is a Norwegian footballer who has played for Tromsø , Aalesund and Alta .
Srboljub Markušević ( born 5 May 1936 in Prizren , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a retired Yugoslav and Bosnian professional footballer and manager .
Lorenzo D'Anna ( born 29 January 1972 in Oggiono , Province of Lecco ) is an Italian football manager and former player who currently manages the Chievo Verona youth team .
Abdulaziz Ladan Mohammed ( Arabic : عبدالعزيز لادان محمد‎ ; born 7 January 1991 in Jeddah ) is a Saudi Arabian middle - distance runner .
Tofig Bakikhanov , a descendant of Baku khans , was born on December 8 , 1930 , in Baku , in the family of Ahmed -- agha Bakikhanov , People 's Artist of Azerbaijan .
Wilhelm Molterer ( born 14 May 1955 in Steyr ) is Vice - President and member of the Management Committee of the European Investment Bank ( EIB ) .
Udo Mechels , born in Brussels on 10 May 1976 , is a Belgian singer commonly known simply as Udo .
Vinícius Alberto Nunes or simply Vinícius ( born January 7 , 1988 in Capivari ) , is a Brazilian player at the positions of left back and midfielder .
Torsten Gutsche ( born June 8 , 1968 in Eisenhüttenstadt ) is an East German - German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s .
Adelle Davis was born to Charles and Harriette Davis in Lizton , Indiana , USA , on February 25 , 1904 .
Brian Dempsie ( born 4 February 1983 , in Bellshill , Scotland ) former Scottish professional footballer , who played for Motherwell .
Fabio Luisi ( born 17 January 1959 , Genoa ) is a Grammy Award - winning Italian conductor .
Špela Pretnar ( born 5 March 1973 in Bled , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a former alpine skier .
Eliza Clayland Tomlinson Foster was born in in Wilmington , Delaware and raised by her deceased mother 's family - the Claylands in Baltimore .
Renan Fernandes Garcia ( born June 19 , 1986 in Batatais ) , known as Renan Garcia , or simply Renan , is a Brazilian football midfielder who plays for Al Nasr
Emanuele Brugnoli ( Bologna , 1859 -- 1944 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of vedute of cityscapes of Venice and Northern Italy .
Peter van Nieuwenhuizen studied physics and mathematics at the University of Utrecht , where he obtained his Ph.D. under the supervision of later Nobel laureate Martinus Veltman .
Gurban Gurbanov ( Azerbaijani : Qurban Qurbanov ; born 13 April 1972 in Zaqatala ) is a retired Azerbaijani international footballer , is a currently manager of Qarabağ .
Zaven Badoyan ( Armenian : Զավեն Բադոյան , born on 22 December 1989 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian football player who currently plays winger for the Armenian national team and for Banants .
Paul Geerts ( complete name Paulus Josephus Coleta Geerts ) ( 16 May 1937 at Turnhout ) is a Flemish comics artist who succeeded Willy Vandersteen as the main artist of the Spike and Suzy series .
Pyrrhus III , king of Epirus , was a son of Ptolemy and a grandson of Alexander II . He ascended to the throne in 235 BC . Pyrrhus III was assassinated , and he was then succeeded by his cousin Laodamia , or Deidamia ( daughter of Pyrrhus II ) who was the last of the Phyrrhus line .
Ricki Wertz ( born 1935 ) is a television personality from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Alfred Oppenheim ( 3 November 1878 in Berlin -- 14 May 1943 at the same place ) was a German chemist and gas mantle manufacturer .
Rory Scovel is an American comedian and writer from Greenville , South Carolina .
Alessandro Vita Kouzkin ( Russian : Алессандро Вита Кузькин ; born 3 September 1992 in Rome , Italy ) is a Russian - Italian race car driver .
Michael Zezima ( known as Mickey Z ) is a writer , editor , blogger and novelist living in New York City .
Sašo Miloševski ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Сашо Милошевски ; born 27 April 1968 in Bitola ) is a retired Macedonian international football player .
Cédric Boussoughou Mabikou ( born 20 July 1991 in Moanda ) is Gabonese player who plays for AS Mangasport .
Nellie Meadows ( 1915 - -2006 ) was an artist from Clay City , Kentucky whose painting `` Kentucky the Great State '' became the state 's official piece during the U.S. bicentennial .
Bert Gustav Tommy Körberg ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈtɔmːʏ ˈɕɶːrˌbærj ) ) ( Norsjö , 4 July 1948 ) is a Swedish singer , actor , and musician .
Øystein Bache ( born 23 September 1960 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian comedian and actor .
Robert Delaunay was born in Paris , the son of George Delaunay and Countess Berthe Félicie de Rose .
Adolf Ivar Arwidsson was born in 1791 in Padasjoki in southern Finland .
Gjyste Vulaj ( born on July 9 , 1977 in the small town of Vuksanlekići , Montenegro ) is a very famous Albanian singer who sings Pop music and many other genres .
Carl Axel Magnus Lindman ( 6 April 1856 in Halmstad - 21 June 1928 ) was a Swedish botanist and botanical artist , the son of Carl Christian Lindman and Sophie Fredrique Löhr .
Petri Suvanto ( born November 13 , 1992 ) is a Finnish racing driver from Seinäjoki .
Jack Costanzo ( born September 24 , 1919 , Chicago , Illinois ) is an American percussionist .
Mangal Singh Champia ( born 9 November 1983 in Jamshedpur ) is an Indian archer , who won multiple medals in several International event , including Asian Games .
Piero Braglia ( born January 10 , 1955 in Grosseto ) is an Italian football manager and former player , currently in charge as head coach of Lecce in the Lega Pro division .
Yuval Spungin ( or Yuval Shpungin , Hebrew : יובל שפונגין‎ ; born 3 April 1987 in Ramat Gan ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League .
Philippe Ermenault ( born 29 April 1969 in Flixecourt ) is a French former track cyclist .
Richard Charles Guthridge ( also spelt Gutteridge and Guttridge in different records ) was born in Poplar , East London on 11 June 1837 , the son of James Gutteridge and Ann Illingworth .
Lauren LaPonzina ( born January 23 , 1979 , in Baltimore , Maryland ) is reporter in the West Palm Beach , Florida area .
Born in Düren , Max von Schillings was brother to the photographer Carl Georg Schillings .
Norbert Mészáros ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈnorbɛrt ˈmeːsaːroʃ ) ; born 19 August 1980 in Pápa ) is a Hungarian football player .
Béla Hamvas was born on 23 March 1897 in Eperjes ( Prešov ) , in the Sáros County of the Kingdom of Hungary ( present - day Slovakia ) .
Petr Altrichter ( born May 24 , 1951 in Frenštát pod Radhoštěm , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech conductor .
Torin Koos ( born July 19 , 1980 , in Minneapolis ) is an American cross country skier who has competed since 1998 .
Jonathan Anthony Solis Lapus ( or known as John Lapus or simply Sweet , born July 7 , 1973 in Manila ) is a Filipino actor , host and comedian .
Mary Schneider AM , ( 25 October 1932 , Rockhampton , Queensland ) is an Australian singer , songwriter and performer , who is a master at the classic Swiss Alpine style , she is best known for yodelling the works of various standards by many a classic composer .
Malbim was born in Volochysk , Volhynia to Yehiel Michel Wisser and his wife .
Franko B ( born Franco Bosisio in Milan in 1960 ) is an Italian performance artist based in London .
Georges Wybo was born in Paris in 1880 , the son of a jeweler .
Born in Modena , Raffaele Scapinelli di Leguigno studied at the seminary in Reggio - Emilia before being ordained to the priesthood in 1884 .
Born in Usurbil , Gipuzkoa , Txusta graduated from Real Sociedad 's youth system , and made his debuts with the reserves in the 2003 - -04 season , in Segunda División B. In 2005 , he signed for neighbouring SD Beasain from Tercera División .
Ognjen Sviličić ( born 1971 in Split ) is a Croatian screenwriter and film director noted for his critically acclaimed 2007 film Armin .
Jesús Manuel Montané Juvillà ( Barcelona , 1972 ) is a film director , writer and journalist .
Benjamin Abram was born to a Jewish family on 23 September 1846 in Marseille .
Daxiong was born December 25 , 1975 in Jilin province , China , and developed an enjoyment for illustrating at an early age .
Paul - Joseph Delcloche , a Flemish painter of interiors and battle - pieces , was born at Namur in 1716 .
Walker Whiteside was born on March 16 , 1869 , near the confluence of the Wabash and Eel rivers at Logansport in northern Indiana .
Steven Schrader is an American writer from New York City .
Pedro Benoit was born in Buenos Aires in 1836 to María Josefa de las Mercedes Leyes and Pierre Benoit , a French émigré who had left his homeland following the Bourbon Restoration .
Tasia Valenza ( born April 5 , 1967 in New York City ) is an American actress who has most recently found acclaim as a voice actress .
Jarvin Skeete ( born August 03 , 1981 ) is a former Saint Lucian footballer who played for the Saint Lucia national football team , and played in the National Premier League , and the Canadian Soccer League .
Daniel Munduruku ( Belém do Pará , February 28 , 1964 ) is a Brazilian writer and educator .
Robert Leuci ( February 28 , 1940 -- October 12 , 2015 ) was a detective with the New York City Police ( NYPD ) , US , known for his work exposing corruption in the police department and the criminal justice system .
Hana Benešová ( born 19 April 1975 in Čáslav ) is a retired Czech sprinter who competed in the 200 and 400 metres .
Philippe Gas ( born 1964 in at Rueil - Malmaison ) was the president of Euro Disney S.A.S. , the management company of Euro Disney S.C.A. and Euro Disney Associés S.C.A. , the operator of Disneyland Paris until September 2014 .
Engelbert II of Nassau , Engelbrecht in Dutch ( 17 May 1451 -- 31 May 1504 ) , was count of Nassau and Vianden and lord of Breda , Lek , Diest , Roosendaal , Nispen and Wouw .
Manfred Wong ( Chinese : 王文雋 ; Wong Man - Chun ) ( born 1 January 1957 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong radio personality , film producer , screenwriter , director and actor .
Born in La Madeleine , Nord as the seventh of nine children in a family of workers , Jeannette Vermeersch joined the workforce at the age of ten , despite the fact that at the time , children under the age of 13 were legally prohibited from working .
Sharon Morgan ( born 29 August 1949 in Llandyfaelog , Carmarthenshire ) is a Welsh actress of stage and screen , currently based in Cardiff .
Ivar Stukolkin ( born August 13 , 1960 in Tallinn ) is a retired Estonian swimmer .
Zhang Jiaxiang , astronomer , was born in Oct. 1932 in Nanjing , Jiangsu province .
Vincent M. Ferrara , also known as `` The Animal '' , ( born 1949 North End , Boston , Massachusetts ) is an Italian - American mobster from Boston , Massachusetts and former Capo of the New England based Patriarca crime family of La Cosa Nostra .
Victoria Newton ( born 9 March 1972 in Liverpool , England ) is the editor of The Sun on Sunday She ran the `` Bizarre '' showbiz column of Rupert Murdoch 's The Sun and then became deputy editor of the paper .
Giorgi Oniani ( born 7 September 1983 , in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian retired Association football defender .
Jonathan Scarth was born in Whitby , Yorkshire , England , the son of Thomas Scarth , a Quaker ship owner .
Jens Podevijn ( born 18 July 1989 in Aalst ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker and who plays for FCV Dender EH .
Paolo Di Cioccio ( born 1963 in Rome ) is an oboist and composer .
Blažo Rajović ( Cyrillic : Блaжo Pajoвић , born 26 March 1986 in Titograd , current Podgorica ) is a Montenegrin football player .
Rolando Sá Nogueira , ( Lisbon , May 19 , 1921 -- November 18 , 2002 ) , was one of the most important painters of his generation ; according to José Augusto França , he belongs to the third wave of 20th Century modern Portuguese painters ( 1 ) .
Nader al - Masri ( Arabic : نادر المصري‎ ; born 1980 ) is a Palestinian Olympic athlete from Beit Hanoun in the Gaza Strip .
Robenval Benvindo dos Santos ( born March 14 , 1985 in Aracaju ) , is a Brazilian footballer , who is currently playing for Caldense .
André Oliveira Farias or simply André Oliveira ( born February 10 , 1979 in Niterói ) , is a Brazilian Defender .
Ansgar was the son of a noble Frankish family , born near Amiens .
Abdul Najeeb Qureshi ( born February 25 , 1988 ) is an Indian sprinter from Hyderabad .
Marshall Harvey Stone ( April 8 , 1903 , New York City -- January 9 , 1989 , Madras , India ) was an American mathematician who contributed to real analysis , functional analysis , topology and the study of Boolean algebras .
A native of Prague ( until 1918 , the capital of the Austro - Hungarian province of Bohemia ) , Siegfried Reginald Wolf played all of his tournaments in Vienna .
Francisco Goldman was born in Boston , Massachusetts , to a Catholic Guatemalan mother and Jewish - American father .
Morgan Strebler ( born Matthew Glenn Milligan , April 10 , 1976 in Sikeston , Missouri ) is an American Psychological Illusionist , Actor , Director , Writer and Producer .
Joseph Henry Pendleton was born on June 2 , 1860 in Rochester , Pennsylvania which is today a suburb of Pittsburgh , to Joseph Rhodes Pendleton and Martha Jane Cross .
Cristian Onțel ( born 5 April 1998 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as Right Midfielder for Steaua București .
Zaharije Ostojić was a Montenegrin Serb , and was born in 1907 in the village of Gluhi Do , near the Adriatic seaport of Bar in the Principality of Montenegro .
Ivan Anton Vasilj ( born 5 April 1991 in Zadar ) is a Croatian football player , currently playing for Slaven Belupo on loan from Hajduk Split .
Stephanie Jacobsen ( born Stephanie Chaves - Jacobsen ; 22 June 1980 ) is a Hong Kong - born Australian actress .
Giuseppe Orsi ( born 1945 in Piacenza ) is an Italian engineer , businessman , and corporate executive .
Benito Gutmacher ( Buenos Aires , 13 February 1950 ) son of Jewish Polish immigrants , is an actor , author and theatre director .
Akim Monet ( born February 25 , 1968 in Geneva , Switzerland ) is an American and Swiss photographer who lives and works in New York and Berlin , Germany .
Raffaele De Rosa ( born 25 March 1987 in Naples ) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Charles Henry Bartlett ( 6 February 1885 , Bermondsey , London -- 30 November 1968 , Enfield ) was a British track cyclist .
Hugh Conway , the pen name of Frederick John Fargus ( 26 December 1847 -- 15 May 1885 ) , was an English novelist born in Bristol , the son of an auctioneer .
César Povolny ( born 19 July 1914 in Recklinghausen , date of death unknown ) ; also known as Czeslaw Povolny and listed as Martin Povolny , was a German - French association footballer .
Edward Sizzerhand also known as Steady Fingaz is a Brooklyn ( NYC ) born DJ and record producer who has won a number of renown competitions as a DJ and together with his group Square One performed in collaboration with American artists in Europe .
Abdolhossein Sepanta was born in the Vagonkhaneh Avenue area in Tehran in 1907 .
Jussi Tuomola , pen name Juba ( born November 8 , 1965 in Lahti ) is a Finnish cartoonist .
Jillian Michaels ( born February 18 , 1974 ) is an American personal trainer , businesswoman , author and television personality from Los Angeles , California .
Muhammad Mahfuz was born in Pind Malikan ( now renamed Mahfuzabad in his honour ) in Rawalpindi district Punjab .
Wayne MacDonald ( born October 12 , 1951 in Toronto , Ontario ) , known by his pen name Taral Wayne , is one of Canada 's best known science fiction fan artists , and has been nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist eleven times , from 1987 - 2012 .
Michel Martone , ( 8 January 1974 in Nice ) is an Italian jurist and academic .
Luc Roy ( born in Quebec , Canada ) is a Québécois actor .
Quan Heng ( Chinese : 权恒 ; born 30 September 1989 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Dalian Transcendence .
Jean - Claude Passeron ( born 1930 in Nice ) is a French sociologist and leader of social science studies .
Barry McArthur ( born 4 May 1947 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for Nottingham Forest , Barrow and York City , and in non - League football for Matlock Town .
Michael Carruth ( born 9 July 1967 ) is a southpaw Irish Olympic boxer from Dublin .
Karl Joseph Eberth ( September 21 , 1835 -- December 2 , 1926 ) was a German pathologist and bacteriologist who was a native of Würzburg .
Hans Op de Beeck ( 1969 , Turnhout ) is a Belgian visual artist who lives and works in Brussels .
Martin Kellerman ( born 1973 , Växjö ) is a Swedish cartoonist , known for the comic strip Rocky .
Cara Hoffman is a New York City - based writer .
Johann Sperl was born ( as Johann Spörl ) in Buch ( now part of Nuremberg , Middle Franconia ) in 1840 as an only child of Protestant parents .
Roberto Molinelli ( Ancona ) is an Italian composer , conductor and violist .
Fidel Pagés was born and grew up in the Spanish city of Huesca in an upper - middle - class family .
Catharina Mulder ( 25 March 1723 , in Rotterdam -- 29 June 1798 , in Rotterdam ) , also known as Kaat Mossel , was a Dutch orangist .
Damaine Anthony Radcliff ( born June 7 , 1983 ) , more commonly known as Damaine Radcliff , is an American film actor who was born in The Bronx , New York City .
Omar Kossoko ( born March 10 , 1988 in Mantes - la - Jolie , Yvelines ) is a French footballer who plays as a centre forward .
Pierre d'Aubusson was born in the castle of Le Monteil ( today : Le Monteil - au - Vicomte , in the French department of Creuse ) , the fifth son of Jean d'Aubusson .
Heinrich Frauenlob ( between 1250 - 1260 -- 29 November 1318 ) , sometimes known as Henry of Meissen ( Heinrich von Meißen ) , was a Middle High German poet and minnesinger .
Eliomar dos Santos Silva ( born 12 February 1987 in Garanhuns ) is a Brazilian football striker who is currently playing for Figueirense .
Pope Benedict IX ( Latin : Benedictus IX ; c. 1012 -- c. 1056 ) , born Theophylactus of Tusculum in Rome , was Pope on three occasions between October 1032 and July 1048 .
Kyle Downes ( born March 18 , 1983 in Summertown , Tennessee ) is a Canadian - American actor , best known for his recurring role as Larry Tudgeman in the Disney Channel Original Series Lizzie McGuire and his characterization of Ezra Friedken in Higher Ground .
According to Jerome 's Chronicle , Arnobius , before his conversion , was a distinguished Numidian rhetorician at Sicca Veneria ( El Kef , Tunisia ) , a major Christian center in Proconsular Africa , and owed his conversion to a premonitory dream .
Following his work with Prince , Fink built his own studio facility StarVu in Minneapolis and started working on many different things , from video game soundtracks to working with K - tel . Doctor Fink also released his own Sony Acid Loop Library entitled Dr. Fink 's Funk Factory .
Linda Cavanaugh is an award - winning newscaster for NBC affiliate KFOR - TV ( channel 4 ) , in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Jérémie Rhorer ( Paris , 1973 ) is a French harpsichordist , organist and conductor .
Born in 1687 in Hangzhou , Jin Nong ( 金農 ) became popular as a painter and calligrapher while living as a childless widower in Yangzhou in his sixties .
Joe Coto ( born Miami , Arizona , United States ) is an American educator , city councilmember , and a Democratic politician .
Lossémy Karaboué ( born 18 March 1988 in Paris ) is an Ivorian footballer currently playing for French side Troyes AC .
Gastón Filgueira Méndez ( born 8 January 1986 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan football player who plays for Náutico in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.
Juan Bandini was born 1800 in Lima , Peru to José Bandini , a Spanish sea captain .
Jarvis was the son of Leonard Jarvis , Sr . and Susan ( Scott ) Jarvis , he was born in Boston , Massachusetts on October 19 , 1781 .
Born in Volta Redonda , Rio de Janeiro , Pedro Castro finished his graduation in prolific Santos FC 's youth setup , and was promoted to the first team in January 2012 , after impressing with the U-20 's .
Eduardo Acevedo Maturana ( Montevideo , 1815 - 1863 ) was a Uruguayan jurist and politician .
Laura Freixas ( Barcelona , 1958 ) studied at the French School in her home city .
Paolo Savona ( born 1936 , Cagliari ) is an Italian economist and university professor .
Johnny Kelly ( born March 9 , 1968 ) is an American drummer , best known as the former drummer for the gothic metal band Type O Negative from Brooklyn , New York .
Gaspare Venturini ( Ferrara , documented between 1576 and 1593 ) was an Italian painter .
Cui Guanghao ( Chinese:崔光浩 born April 22 , 1979 in Huludao , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player of Korean descent who spent the majority of his career playing for Nanjing Yoyo .
Tom Kåre Staurvik ( born 13 February 1970 in Bodø ) is a Norwegian football coach , who is working as a player developer for the women 's team Grand Bodø .
Neltje Blanchan De Graff was born in Chicago to Liverius De Graff , a proprietor of a men 's clothing store , and his wife Alice Fair .
Ahmet Kayhan Dede ( 1898 , Pütürge -- August 3 , 1998 ) was a Turkish Sufi master of the 20th century and an important figure in Islamic Mysticism .
Eduardo Larbanois ( August 1 of 1953 , Tacuarembó ) is a guitarist , songwriter and singer Uruguayan of popular music , best known for integrating the duo Larbanois - Carrero .
Leonard Freed ( October 23 , 1929 in Brooklyn , New York -- November 29 , 2006 in Garrison , New York ) was a documentary photojournalist and longtime Magnum member .
Flavio Boltro starts playing trumpet at 9 years old and then enters the Turin school of Classical Music `` G.Verdi '' .
Erlend Holm ( born 17 May 1983 in Ålesund ) is a former Norwegian football defender who played for Aalesund until 2008 , when he after the season was released .
John Hill Hewitt ( July 11 , 1801 , New York City -- October 7 , 1890 , Baltimore ) was an American songwriter , playwright , and poet .
Marika Kilius , the daughter of a hairdresser , was born on 24 March 1943 in Frankfurt am Main , Hessen .
Saša Kiš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Киш ; born 7 April 1989 in Vrbas ) is a Serbian footballer midfielder .
Gabriel Marques de Andrade Pinto ( born March 4 , 1988 in Pedro Leopoldo ) , commonly known as Gabriel Marques , is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Barcelona SC .
Dawson Fernandes ( born 27 July 1990 in Navelim , Goa ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Striker for Salgacar in the I - League .
François Debret was the son of Jacques Debret , criminal court clerk of the Parliament of Paris .
Corrado Ursi was born in Andria , the son of a baker .
Carl von Rokitansky was born in Hradec Králové ( German : Königgrätz ) , Bohemia .
Josip Brezovec ( born 12 March 1986 , Varaždin ) is a Croatian professional footballer , currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Prva HNL .
Jarrod Bannister ( born 3 October 1984 in Townsville , Queensland ) is an Australian javelin thrower .
Aymen Tahar ( Arabic : أيمن طاهر‎ ; born October 2 , 1989 in Sheffield ) is an Anglo - Algerian professional footballer who plays for Boavista on loan from Steaua București .
Emrah Klimenta ( born February 13 , 1991 in Rožaje , Montenegro ) is a Montenegrin born American soccer player currently playing for Sacramento Republic in USL Pro .
Born in Oslo , Janne Kristiansen graduated cand .
Ueli Wiget ( born in Winterthur , 1957 ) is a Swiss pianist , harpsichordist and harpist .
Mahmoud Namjoo ( Persian : محمود نامجو ‎ , born 22 Sep , 1918 Rasht - deceased 1990 Tehran ) was an Iranian weightlifter and Olympic medalist .
Cyril Stachura ( born 4 September 1965 in Stropkov ) is a former football player from Slovakia and recently manager of FC Nitra .
Addy Engels ( born 16 June 1977 in Emmen , Drenthe ) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer , who competed between 2000 and 2011 .
Mauro Bellugi ( born 7 February 1950 in Buonconvento ) is a former Italian footballer , who played as a defender .
Eduardo del Río ( born June 20 , 1934 , and better known by his pen name Rius ) is a Mexican intellectual , political cartoonist , and writer born in Zamora , Michoacán .
Francisco Javier Gomez - Aspron ( born 4 February 1985 in London , England ) , known professionally as Sisco Gomez , is an English dancer and choreographer .
Ulf Hielscher ( born 30 November 1967 in Neubrandenburg , GDR ) is a German bobsledder who competed in the 1990s .
Tony Hsieh was born in Illinois and grew up in the San Francisco Bay area of California .
Emmanuel Koné ( born 31 December 1986 , in Abongoua ) is an Ivorian footballer currently is a player of Apollon Smyrni F.C ..
Phalaikos was the ruler of Phocis in Greece before he was ousted .
Parviz Kimiavi ( Persian : پرويز کيمياوی‎‎ ; Born 1939 , Tehran ) is an Iranian ( Persian ) film director , screenwriter , editor and one of the most prominent figures of Persian cinema of the 20th century .
Louis Klein was born on 25 January 1761 in Blâmont ( Meurthe ) , in the Lorraine region .
Juan de Urbieta Berástegui y Lezo ( Hernani , ? - died , 22 August 1553 ) was a Spanish infantryman who became famous when he captured king Francis I of France near the end of the Battle of Pavia on 24 February 1525 .
Bernardo Carvalho ( Rio de Janeiro , 1960 ) is a Brazilian author and journalist .
François Zahoui ( born 21 August 1962 in Treichville ) is a former footballer from Côte d'Ivoire , currently serving as the coach of the Niger national team .
Asin was born in Cochin ( now Kochi ) in Kerala to a Syro - Malabar Catholic Nasrani family .
Luigi Luca Cavalli - Sforza ( born 25 January 1922 ) is an Italian population geneticist born in Genoa , who has been a professor at Stanford University since 1970 ( now emeritus ) .
A native of Rotterode , Thuringia , Hellmuth Mäder joined the Army in 1936 , and by September 1939 was serving as a junior officer with the 34 .
Yordan Letchkov ( also transliterated Jordan , Iordan , Lechkov ) ( Bulgarian : Йордан Лечков ) ( born 9 July 1967 in Sliven ) is a former Bulgarian footballer .
William Penn Symons was born on 17 July 1843 at Hatt , Cornwall , the eldest son of William Symons and Caroline Anne ( née Southwell ) .
Jules - Benoît Stanislas Doinel du Val - Michel ( December 8 , 1842 , Moulins , Allier -- March 16 or 17 , 1903 ) , also simply Jules Doinel , was an archivist and the founder of the first Gnostic church in modern times .
Avraham Ravitz was born in Tel Aviv during the Mandate era .
Melina León ( born 12 July 1973 as Yamillette Aponte Yunqué in Río Piedras , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican merengue singer and actress .
Scott Plank was born in Washington , D.C. Plank 's last feature film was the movie Holes ( 2003 ) starring Sigourney Weaver and Jon Voight , in which he had the supporting role of Trout Walker .
Manfred Bietak ( born 6 October 1940 , Vienna ) is an Austrian archaeologist .
David Niall Wilson ( born 1959 in Clay County , Illinois ) is an American writer primarily known for his works of horror , science fiction , and fantasy fiction .
Vladimir Landsman ( born 21 December 1941 in Dushanbe ) is a Soviet - Canadian violinist and teacher .
Brendan Clarke ( born 17 September 1985 in Dublin ) is an Irish football player who currently plays for St Patrick 's Athletic in the League of Ireland
Richard Conte was born Nicholas Peter Conte on March 24 , 1910 , in Jersey City , New Jersey , the son of Italian - Americans Julia ( Fina ) , a seamstress , and Pasquale Conte , a barber .
Gino Lawless ( born 14 January 1959 in Dublin ) was an Irish soccer player during the 1970s , 1980s and 1990s .
Wang Fengchun ( Chinese : 王奉春 ; pinyin : Wáng Fèngchūn ; born February 2 , 1982 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ; usually referred to in the media as Fengchun Wang ) is a Chinese curler .
Torsten Spanneberg ( born 13 April 1975 in Halle , Saxony - Anhalt ) is an Olympic medal winning German swimmer .
Timur Bolat ( born 14 May 1989 in Ulaanbaatar , Mongolia ) is a Mongolian - born Kazakhstani judoka .
Joe Hutshing is an American film editor who grew up in San Diego , California and is best known for working multiple times with film director , Oliver Stone and well as with film director Cameron Crowe ( who is also from San Diego , California ) .
Denis Dyca ( born 11 January 1996 in Shkodër ) is an Albanian football player who plays as a striker for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga .
Thomas Gann was born in Murrisk Abbey , County Mayo , Ireland , the son of William Gann of Whitstable , England , and Rose Garvey of Murrisk Abbey .
Lin Chia - sheng ( simplified Chinese : 林家圣 ; traditional Chinese : 林家聖 ; pinyin : Lín Jiāshèng ; born 12 July 1980 in Tainan City ) is a Taiwanese football player .
Seaman Bainbridge was born in Providence , Rhode Island as son of the clergyman and scholar William Seaman Bainbridge , and his wife Elizabeth ( Seaman ) Bainbridge , a missionary and author .
Stanislav Vladimirovich Dumin ( born 7 October 1952 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) - Russian historian and genealogist and social activist , member of the Heraldry Council under the President of the Russian Federation .
Lu Jiajing ( Chinese : 逯佳境 ; pinyin : Lù Jiājìng ; born 18 November 1989 in Shenyang ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Eilis Flynn ( b. Elizabeth Myrtle Smith , on a May 12 in Tacoma , Washington , United States ) , is an American author of four fantasy romance novels for the publisher , Cerridwen Press .
Lieutenant Colonel Óscar Osorio was born in the town of Sonsonate , El Salvador , on December 14 , 1910 .
Lara Wollington ( born 30 March 2003 ) is a British child actress from Enfield , London , who was the voice of Lucy ' 64 Zoo Lane and played in West End theatre .
Oona Hart is a model from Evanston , Illinois .
Bruno Bizarro ( born 8 October 1979 in Lisbon ) , is a Portuguese composer , often for film soundtracks .
Boris Zaborov ( Belarusian : Барыс Абрамавіч Забораў ; born 16 October 1935 in Minsk ) is a Soviet - trained artist .
Muricy Ramalho ( born November 30 , 1955 ) is a Brazilian head coach and former football player born in São Paulo .
Daniel Maze ( born 16 June 1972 in Mortsel , Antwerp as Daniel F. M. H. Maze Moerenhout ) is a Belgian film director , writer and producer who started his professional career as a DJ in the Belgian club scene in the ' 90s , eventually making the transition to music producer .
Matt Molloy ( born 12 January 1947 , Ballaghaderreen , County Roscommon ) is an Irish musician , from a region known for producing talented flautists .
Tiara Thomas , born in Indianapolis , Indiana , is a singer and self - taught guitar player .
Emily Hahn was born in St. Louis , Missouri on January 14 , 1905 as one of the six children of Isaac Newton Hahn , a dry goods salesman , and Hannah Hahn , a free - spirited suffragette .
Alessandro Donati ( born 8 May 1979 in Atri , Abruzzo ) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer , currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Acqua & Sapone .
Harry Culverhouse ( born 29 October 1990 ) is a British actor , born in London , England .
Elena Kazantseva ( born 5 December 1956 , in Minsk ) is a Belarusian poet and singer - songwriter who writes in the Russian language .
Astrid Klein was born in 1951 and trained in Cologne from 1973 to 1977 .
Bartolomeo di Tommaso , also known as Bartolomeo da Foligno ( born in Foligno , c. 1400 , active by 1425 , died 1453/54 ) was an Italian painter of the Umbro - Sienese school .
She was born as Rebecca Shelley in Sugar Valley , Pennsylvania on January 20 , 1887 , to William Alfred Shelly .
Javier Gil Valle , aka Javivi ( born June 20 , 1961 in Hervás , Province of Cáceres ) , is a Spanish actor .
P. Lion ( Pietro Paolo Pelandi ) ( born June 29 , 1959 in Alzano Lombardo ) is an Italian singer and musician who achieved his greatest success in the 1980s .
Nyamko Sabuni was born in Bujumbura in Burundi where her father , a left - wing politician from Zaire , lived in exile .
Mentewab was born in Qwara province , and was rumored to have had a Portuguese grandparent ; because of this , she was often suspected of harboring secret Roman Catholic sympathies .
Xalîd Reşîd ( Kurdish : خالید ڕه‌شید /Xalîd Reşîd‎ ) ; was born in Sulaymaniyah , Kurdistan , and currently resides in Stockholm , Sweden .
Hairuddin Omar ( born 29 September 1979 in Setiu ) , is a Malaysian professional football player currently playing and serve as captain for Terengganu in the Malaysian Super League .
Zhang Leping ( simplified Chinese : 张乐平 ; traditional Chinese : 張樂平 ; pinyin : Zhāng Lèpíng , November 10 , 1910 - September 27 , 1992 ) was a Chinese comic artist born in Jiaxing , Zhejiang province .
The son of Clarrie and Lesley , David Boon was born in the Northern Tasmanian city of Launceston on 29 December 1960 .
Severn Cullis - Suzuki ( born November 30 , 1979 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian environmental activist , speaker , television host and author .
Hans Vandekerckhove ( born 1957 in Kortrijk ) is a Belgian painter , living and working in Ghent .
Arnoud Okken ( born 20 April 1982 in Doetinchem ) is a Dutch athlete specialising in the 800 metres .
Ricardo Darín was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , on January 26 , 1957 , to actor Ricardo Darín Sr . and actress Renée Roxana .
Bernie Grant was born in Georgetown , Guyana , to schoolteacher parents , who in 1963 took up the British government 's offer to people from the colonies to settle in the UK .
Nicholas Wapshott was born in Dursley , Gloucestershire , the second of four sons of Raymond and ( Olivia ) Beryl Wapshott .
Roberto Aballay ( born 22 November 1922 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine former football ( soccer ) player in striker role .
Aguilar was born José Pascual Antonio Aguilar Márquez Barraza in Villanueva , Zacatecas , the son of Jesús Aguilar Aguilar and Ángela Márquez Barraza Valle , both of Villanueva .
Francis Petre was born in 1847 at Petone , today a suburb of Lower Hutt in the North Island , which was one of the earliest British settlements in New Zealand .
German Sterligov was born in Zagorsk ( today Sergiyev Posad ) , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union .
Zack Silva ( born May 9 , 1980 in Orcas Island , Washington ) is an American actor known for his role as Alex Thomas on Desire .
Ayumu Nedefuji ( born 7 April 1994 in Otaru ) is a Japanese snowboarder .
Anette Bøe ( born 5 November 1957 in Larvik ) is a former Norwegian cross - country skier .
Buddy Landel ( August 14 , 1961 -- June 22 , 2015 ) , better known as `` Nature Boy '' Buddy Landel , was an American professional wrestler born in Knoxville , Tennessee .
Born in Bolton , Lancashire , the son of a Welsh railway guard , Glyn Owen left school aged 14 and worked in a telegraph office .
Georgi Velinov Velinov ( Bulgarian : Георги Велинов Велинов ; born 5 October 1957 in Ruse ) , nicknamed Johnny , is a former Bulgarian footballer and football manager .
Susan Cookson ( born 20 April 1965 in Manchester ) is an English television actress .
Nelson Ned d'Ávila Pinto ( 2 March 1947 , Ubá -- 6 January 2014 , Rio de Janeiro ) was a famous Brazilian singer from Ubá , Minas Gerais .
Marco Simone ( born 7 January 1969 in Castellanza ) is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a striker or winger , and current manager of Tours FC .
Charlie Chin ( born Qin Xianglin , also spelled Chin Hsiang - lin , on May 19 , 1948 , in Nanjing , China ) is a Taiwanese actor .
Ali Maow Maalin ( also Mao Moallim and Mao ' Mo'allim ) ( 1954 -- 22 July 2013 ) was a Somali hospital cook and health worker from Merca who is the last person known to be infected with naturally occurring Variola minor smallpox in the world .
Jasimuddin was born in the village of Tambulkhana in Faridpur District on 30 October 1903 in the house of his maternal uncle .
Eddie Elguera , ( born November 12 , 1962 in Bellflower , California ) is a 2-time world champion skateboarder and Senior Pastor of The Rock Church of Coachella Valley , in the Palm Springs area of Southern California .
Griffin Boice , is an American record producer , mixer , songwriter , and composer from Rexburg , Idaho .
Bruno Henrique Corsini , simply known as Bruno Henrique ( born 21 October 1989 in Apucarana ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Corinthians .
Born in Budapest , Szabó is the son of Mária ( née Vita ) and István Szabó , the latter of whom was a doctor from a long line of doctors .
Sergei Borisovich Novikov ( Russian : Серге́й Борисович Новиков ; born June 13 , 1961 in Moscow ) is a retired Soviet and Russian professional football player .
Ivan Fuksa ( born July 15 , 1963 , in Příbram ) is a Czech local politician .
Jakub Hrůša ( born 23 July 1981 in Brno ) , is a Czech conductor , the son of the architect Petr Hrůša .
Margit Sandemo was born 23 April 1924 in a farm in Lena , Østre Toten , Valdres , Norway .
Luis Pardo Villalón ( born Santiago , Chile , 20 September 1882 - -died Santiago , 21 February 1935 ) was the captain of the Chilean steam tug Yelcho which rescued the 22 stranded crewmen of Sir Ernest Shackleton 's ship Endurance from Elephant Island , Antarctica , in August 1916 .
Achilles Statius ( or Aquiles Estaço ) ( 12 June 1524 -- 28 September 1581 ) was a Portuguese humanist and writer , since 1555 living in Rome , where he was a secretary of the pope .
Arnold Szyfman ( 23 November 1882 in Ulanów - 11 January 1967 in Warsaw ) was a Polish theatre director and stage director .
Alfred Schlemm died on 24 January 1986 at Ahlten near Hannover .
General John Pershing listed George Dilboy as `` one of the ten great heroes '' who `` died in the battlefield of France with super - human heroism and valor . ''
Andrzej Kusionowicz Grodyński ( 22 October 1861 -- 24 July 1925 ) , baptized as Andrzej Szymon Kusionowicz , was a Polish lawyer who worked as a Silesian circuit judge based in Cieszyn for much of his career .
Zsigmond Czakó ( Dés , June 20 , 1820 -- Pest , December 14 , 1847 ) was a Hungarian actor and playwright .
Tahsin Yazıcı ( 1892 in Monastir , Ottoman Empire ( now Macedonia ) -- February 11 , 1971 in Ankara , Turkey ) was an Ottoman Army officer and later a Turkish Army general and politician .
Mathias Albani ( 1621 - 1673 ) was a violin maker from Botzen ( now Bolzano in South Tyrol ) .
John H. McAvoy was the founder of the McAvoy Brewing Company in Chicago , Illinois and was elected Alderman of the 3rd ward of Chicago in 1869 .
Christoph Bernhard Francke , also known as Bernhard Christoph Francken ( c. 1660 - 1670 , Hanover - 18 January 1729 , Braunschweig ) was a German military officer and painter in the Baroque style .
In 1925 , Helmy Bahgat Badawi obtained his Law License degree from the Egyptian University in Cairo , Egypt , and in the following year he joined the Paris - Sorbonne University where he commenced his research work in the field of Commercial law .
Eugenio Rignano ( 31 May 1870 in Livorno -- 9 February 1930 in Milan ) was a Jewish Italian philosopher .
Saint Berardo ( 11th century -- 19 December 1123 ) is an Italian saint , patron saint of the city and diocese of Teramo .
Heinrich Johann Nepomuk von Crantz ( Roodt - sur - Eisch , Luxembourg , 25 November 1722 -- 18 January 1799 , Judenburg , Austria ) was a botanist and a physician .
Claes van Beresteyn ( 1627 -- 1684 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter who founded a hofje in his hometown of Haarlem .
Françoise de Foix , Comtesse de Châteaubriant ( c. 1495 -- 16 October 1537 ) was a mistress of Francis I of France .
Carlos Zubizarreta was a writer born in Asunción , Paraguay in 1904 .
Engelbert I of Nassau ( c. 1370 , in Dillenburg -- 3 May 1442 , in Breda ) was a son of Count Johan I of Nassau and Countess Margaretha of the Marck , daughter of Count Adolph II of the Marck .
Johanne Nathalie Krebs ( born August 5 , 1895 in Aarhus , died January 5 , 1978 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish potter .
Hans Bendel , of Schaffhausen , in Switzerland , was an historical painter and lithographer , and attended the Academy of Munich , under Kaulbach .
Walter M. Fitch ( May 21 , 1929 -- March 10 , 2011 ) was professor of molecular evolution at the University of California , Irvine , until his death , preceded by three years at the University of Southern California and 24 years at the University of Wisconsin--
Joan Diener died of complications from cancer in New York City , aged 76 .
Evelyn Temple Emmett ( 1871 - -1970 ) was the first Director of the Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau and a founder of the Hobart Walking Club .
Friedrich Specht ( 6 May 1839 Lauffen am Neckar - 12 June 1909 Stuttgart ) , was a German painter and natural history illustrator .
Elihu Burritt was born December 8 , 1810 , in the town of New Britain , Connecticut .
Anatoly Lutikov ( 5 February 1933 in Leningrad -- 15 October 1989 in Tiraspol ) was a Russian chess player .
Bohdan Ihor Antonych ( Ukrainian : Богдан-Ігор Антонич ; 5 October 1909 , Nowica -- 6 July 1937 , Lviv ) was a 20th - century Ukrainian poet .
Adolph Friedländer ( 17 April 1851 -- 7 July 1904 ) was a famed German lithographer of posters and a publisher hailing from Hamburg .
Adolphe Ganot ( born 1804 in Rochefort , Charente - Maritime , France ; died 1887 in Paris ) was a French author and publisher of physics textbooks .
Adolf Holm ( Lubeck , 8 August 1830 -- Freiburg i m Breisgau , 9 June 1900 ) was a German historian of antiquity .
John Absolon ( London 1815 -- May 5 , 1895 ) was a British watercolourist .
Mathieu Kessels ( 20 May 1784 - 4 March 1836 ) was a Dutch Neoclassical sculptor who mainly worked in Rome .
Jules Schmalzigaug ( Antwerp , 1882 or 1883 ( the sources have different data ) -- The Hague , 13 May 1917 ) was a Belgian futurist painter .
Jack Montrose ( December 30 , 1928 in Detroit , Michigan -- February 7 , 2006 in Las Vegas , Nevada ) was a jazz tenor saxophonist and arranger .
Rudolf Grauer ( 20 August 1870 , Hellbrunn , Salzburg -- 17 December 1927 , Vienna ) was an Austrian explorer and zoologist .
Alberto Cañas Escalante ( 16 March 1920 -- 14 June 2014 ) was a politician , writer , intellectual , public servant , and journalist from San José , Costa Rica .
Christoph Friedrich Bretzner ( 10 December 1748 -- 31 August 1807 ) was a Leipzig merchant famous for writing the libretto to a singspiel Belmont und Constanze , oder Die Entführung aus dem Serail , produced in Berlin and adapted in 1782 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Gottlieb Stephanie as Die Entführung aus dem Serail .
Bedřich Golombek ( born February 5 , 1901 in Hrušov , today part of Ostrava -- March 31 , 1961 in Brno ) was a Czech journalist and writer .
Vasyl Makukh ( 1927 - 1968 ) was a Ukrainian who on November 5 , 1968 committed suicide by self - immolation at Khreshchatyk , Kiev in protest against the Soviet occupation of Ukraine .
Kasriel Hirsch Sarasohn ( b. Paiser , Suwalki Province , Congress Poland , 1835 - d. New York City , Jan. 12 , 1905 ) was a Jewish - American journalist who published several newspapers in New York .
Auguste Maure ( Marseille , 1840 - Biskra , 1907 ) is a French 19th - century photographer .
Jean - Pascal Delamuraz ( 1 April 1936 in Vevey -- 4 October 1998 in Lausanne ) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1983 - -1998 ) .
Arne Brustad ( Oslo , 14 April 1912 -- 22 August 1987 ) was a Norwegian footballer .
James E. Keller ( August 13 , 1942 -- June 2 , 2014 ) was an American judge born in Harlan , Kentucky , whose judicial career was centered in Lexington , Kentucky .
Jean Crasset ( b. at Dieppe , France , 3 January 1618 ; d. at Paris , 4 January 1692 ) was a French Jesuit theologian , known as an ascetical writer .
Enayatollah Reza ( Persian : عنایت‌الله رضا‎ ; born June 18 , 1920 in Rasht , died July 20 , 2010 in Tehran ) was an Iranian historian and professor of philosophy , a former member of the Iranian Communist Party , and a former Iranian military officer .
Theodor Escherich ( 29 November 1857 -- 15 February 1911 ) was a German - Austrian pediatrician and a professor at universities in Graz and Vienna .
Hans - Otto Meissner ( 4 June 1909 in Strasbourg -- 8 September 1992 in Unterwössen , Germany ) was a German writer and novelist .
Aymeric of Piacenza ( born Piacenza , Italy ; died 19 August 1327 , Bologna ) was an Italian Dominican scholar , who became Master of the Order of Preachers .
Caterina Gabrielli was the daughter of a cook in the service of prince Gabrielli , in Rome .
Kurt Heegner ( German : ( ˈheːɡnɐ ) ; 16 December 1893 -- 2 February 1965 ) was a German private scholar from Berlin , who specialized in radio engineering and mathematics .
Cornelis Kruys ( 1619 , Haarlem -- 1660 , Schiedam ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Nicéphore Niépce died of a stroke on 5 July 1833 , financially ruined by the semi - delirious spending of Claude such that his grave in the cemetery of Saint - Loup de Varennes was financed by the municipality .
Giorgio Belloni ( Codogno ( Lodi ) , 1861 -- Azzano di Mezzegra ( Como ) , 1944 ) was an Italian painter .
Bennie Moten ( November 13 , 1894 -- April 2 , 1935 ) was an American jazz pianist and band leader born in Kansas City , Missouri .
François Jacquier ( born at Vitry - le - François , 7 June 1711 ; died at Rome , 3 July 1788 ) was a French Franciscan mathematician and physicist .
Gaspare Ambrosini ( 24 October 1886 in Favara , Sicily -- 1986 in Rome ) was an Italian jurist and statesman .
Eugène Vaillé ( 10 August 1875 , Bédarieux , Hérault - 1959 , Riols ) was a French postal historian and the first curator of the postal museum of France , now La Poste 's Museum , from 1946 to 1955 .
Borhan Abu Samah ( 30 November 1964 -- 29 October 1999 ) was a Singaporean footballer who played for the Singapore national team in the 1990s .
Augustus Earle ( c. 1793 -- 1838 ) was a London - born travel artist .
Max Rudolf Kaufmann ( 29 April 1886 in Basel , Switzerland - 1963 in Bonn , Germany ) , was a Swiss author , translator from Turkish , and journalist , who worked and published in Switzerland , Turkey , the United States and Germany .
Radcliffe Killam ( July 1 , 1910 -- September 8 , 2007 ) was a wealthy oilman , rancher , businessman , and philanthropist in Laredo , the seat of Webb County in south Texas .
Ali - Naqi Vaziri ( 1887 in Tehran , Iran -- September 9 , 1979 ) was a musicologist , composer , a celebrated player of the tar , and the founder of the Academy of Music of Iran as well of Iran 's National Orchestra .
Juan Bautista Azopardo ( 19 February 1772 in Senglea , Malta -- 23 October 1848 in Buenos Aires ) was a Maltese Privateer and military man who fought under the flags of the Netherlands , Spain and Argentina .
Antonio Mario La Pergola ( 13 November 1931 , Catania - 19 July 2007 , Rome ) , Italian jurist , Advocate General and later Judge of the European Court of Justice of the European Union in Luxembourg , President of the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe in Strasbourg .
Charles de l'Écluse , L'Escluse , or Carolus Clusius ( Arras , February 19 , 1526 -- Leiden , April 4 , 1609 ) , seigneur de Watènes , was a Flemish doctor and pioneering botanist , perhaps the most influential of all 16th - century scientific horticulturists .
Johann Heinrich Strack ( 6 July 1805 , Bückeburg - 13 June 1880 , Berlin ) was a German architect of the Schinkelschule .
Julius Reinhard Oppel ( Grünberg , Hesse 1878-Leipzig , 1941 ) was a German composer .
Beatriz de Bobadilla y Ossorio ( Medina del Campo , 1462 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , 1501 ) was the daughter of Juan de Bobadilla and the niece of her namesake Beatriz de Bobadilla .
Alexandros Kontostavlos ( 1789 , Chios -- 1865 , Athens ) was a Greek banker , magnate and politician .
William Adam Piper ( May 21 , 1826 , Pennsylvania -- August 5 , 1899 , San Francisco ) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from California .
Eleanore Deirdre O'Connell ( 16 June 1939 -- 9 June 2001 ) was an Irish American actress , singer , and theatre director who founded the Focus Theatre in Dublin , Ireland .
Johann Sölch ( 16 October 1883 in Penzing , near Vienna -- 10 September 1951 in Kitzbühel ) was an Austrian geographer , largely known for his geomorphological studies of the Eastern Alps .
Lorenzo Fasolo ( 1463 - -1518 ) , called Lorenzo di Pavia , was a Lombard painter living in the early part of the 16th century , who went from Pavia to Genoa , and was one of the artists employed by Lodovico Sforza in 1490 in the decorations of the Porta Giovia Palace at Milan .
Dorothea Viehmann was born as Katharina Dorothea Pierson in Rengershausen near Kassel as the daughter of a tavern owner .
Johannes Haarklou ( May 13 , 1847 in Haukedalen -- November 26 , 1925 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian composer , organist , conductor , and music critic .
Molly Cramer came from a wealthy merchant family in Hamburg .
Domenico di Pace Beccafumi ( 1486 -- May 18 , 1551 ) was an Italian Renaissance - Mannerist painter active predominantly in Siena .
Giovanni Schmidt ( c. 1775 in Livorno -- c. after 1839 in Naples ) was an Italian librettist .
Princess Augusta of Württemberg ( 4 October 1826 in Stuttgart -- 3 December 1898 , ibid . )
Lionel Pickens ( December 4 , 1983 -- May 17 , 2015 ) , better known by his stage name Chinx ( formerly Chinx Drugz ) , was an American rapper from Queens , New York .
Steven Hoogendijk ( 1 April 1698 -- 3 July 1788 ) was a Rotterdam watch and instrument maker and physicist .
Renato Castellani ( 4 September 1913 in Finale Ligure , Liguria - 28 December 1985 in Rome ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter .
Thomas Allcot Guy Pocock , writing under the name Tom Pocock , ( 18 August 1925 , London -- 7 May 2007 , London ) was an English biographer , war correspondent , journalist and naval historian .
Wilhelm Mülhens ( born 25 June 1762 in Troisdorf and died 6 March 1841 in Köln ) was a Cologne perfume designer and manufacturer , and the founder of the Mülhens company , famous for the fragrance `` 4711 '' .
Sir Kenneth MacMillan ( 11 December 1929 -- 29 October 1992 ) was a British ballet dancer and choreographer who was artistic director of the Royal Ballet in London between 1970 and 1977 , and its principal choreographer from 1977 until his death .
Jack Ritchie was born in a room behind his father 's tailor shop in Milwaukee , Wisconsin on February 26 , 1922 .
Otto , Count of Lippe - Brake ( 21 December 1589 -- 18 November 1657 in Blomberg ) was the first ruling Count of Lippe - Brake .
Jan Michiel Ruyten or Jan Ruyten ( Antwerp , 9 April 1813 -- Antwerp , 12 November 1881 ) was a Belgian Romantic painter , draughtsman and engraver known for his genre paintings , cityscapes , landscapes with figures and history paintings .
Ludwig Ruff ( * 29 May 1878 in Dollnstein ; † 15 August 1934 in Nuremberg ) was an architect during the National Socialist regime in Germany , the father of Franz Ruff and responsible for beginning the Nuremberg Party Congress Hall before his death in 1934 .
Pieter Gallis ( 1633 in Enkhuizen -- 1697 in Hoorn ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
This award recognizes extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II . Alfred Siegling was born on 15 March 1918 at Erlau .
Alexander Roslin ( often spelled Alexandre in French ; 15 July 1718 -- 5 July 1793 ) was a Swedish portrait painter who worked in Scania , Bayreuth , Paris , Italy , and St. Petersburg , primarily for members of aristocratic families .
Jedediah Buxton ( 1707 - -1772 ) was a noted English mental calculator , born at Elmton , near Bolsover , in Derbyshire .
August Kalkmann ( 24 March 1853 , Hamburg -- 19 February 1905 , Berlin ) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian .
Henry MacRae was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada on August 29 , 1876 and died in Beverly Hills , California , USA on October 2 , 1944 , aged 68 .
Alexandre - Marie Colin , a French painter of historical and genre subjects , was born in Paris in 1798 .
Louis Svećenski ( Croatian : Ljudevit `` Lujo '' Svećenski , born Ljudevit Kohn ; November 7 , 1862 -- June 18 , 1926 ) was notable Croatian - American violist - violinist and rector of the Boston Academy of Music .
Jean Guillaume Roquille 's birth in Rive - de - Gier , in the industrial Gier valley between Saint - Étienne and Lyon , was recorded on 26 October 1804 .
Chief Donnacona ( died c. 1539 in France ) was the chief of the village of Stadacona , located at the present site of Quebec City , Canada .
Carlos José Solórzano Gutiérrez ( 17 January 1860 in Managua -- 30 August 1936 in San José , Costa Rica ) was the President of Nicaragua between 1 January 1925 and 14 March 1926 .
Mario Guiducci ( 1585 - -1646 ) was an Italian astronomer and jurist , born in Florence .
Johann Jakob Breitinger ( 1 March 1701 in Zürich ; 14 December 1776 ) was a Swiss philologist and author .
Jüri Jaakson VR III/1 ( 16 January ( O.S. 4 January ) 1870 in Karula , Viljandi County , Livonia , Russian Empire -- 20 April 1942 in Sosva , Sverdlovsk Oblast , Soviet Union ) was an Estonian businessman and politician .
Edwin Le Roy Antony died in Dallas , Texas , and was buried in Oakland Cemetery .
Paul Peter Ewald , FRS ( January 23 , 1888 in Berlin , Germany -- August 22 , 1985 in Ithaca , New York ) was a German crystallographer and physicist , a pioneer of X - ray diffraction methods .
Antun Dobronić ( 2 April 1878 , Jelsa , Croatia -- 12 December 1955 , Zagreb , Croatia ) was a Croatian composer and pupil of Vítězslav Novák .
Tomás Burgos Sotomayor ( Osorno , September 18 , 1875 -- Valdivia , August 19 , 1945 ) was a Chilean philanthropist , one of the strongest supporters of the `` mutualist movement '' and the founder of `` Villa Lo Burgos '' , the present city of Purranque .
Petrus Cunaeus ( 1586 , in Vlissingen -- 2 December 1638 , in Leiden ) was the pen name of the Dutch Christian scholar Peter van der Kun .
Kiel Urban Mueller ( July 26 , 1944 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania -- December 28 , 1990 , Rancho Mirage , California ) , professionally known as Kiel Martin , was an American actor best known for his role as lovable rogue Detective John `` J.D. '' La Rue on the 1980s television drama Hill Street Blues .
Moriz Winternitz ( Horn , December 23 , 1863 -- Prague , January 9 , 1937 ) was a Jewish scholar from Austria who began his Indology contributions working with Max Müller at the Oxford University .
Antonio María Romeu Marrero ( Jibacoa , Cuba , 11 September 1876 -- Havana 18 January 1955 ) was a Cuban pianist , composer and bandleader .
Alec Talbot ( 13 July 1902 at Cannock , Staffs -- 13 August 1975 at Stourbridge ) was a centre - half for Aston Villa during the 1920s and 1930s .
François - Alfred Delobbe , ( 1835 , Paris - 1920 , Paris ) was a French painter in the Naturalist style .
Francisco Boix Campo ( 31 August 1920 , in Barcelona -- July 1951 Paris ) was a photographer who presented photographs that played a role in the conviction of Nazi war criminals .
Hellmut Lange started his acting career on radio drama shows for the West - German Radio Station SFB ( Sender Freies Berlin= Radio Free Berlin ) .
Yngve Brilioth ( 1891 , Västra Ed -- 1959 ) was professor for church history , later for Practical theology in Uppsala , Turku and Lund , Lutheran Bishop of Växjö from 1938 to 1950 and Archbishop of Uppsala from 1950 until 1958 .
Harry Randall Truman ( October 30 , 1896 -- May 18 , 1980 ) was a resident of the U.S. state of Washington who lived on Mount St. Helens .
Otto Höfler ( 10 May 1901 -- 25 August 1987 in Vienna ) was an Austrian scholar of German studies .
Henri Bouchet - Doumenq ( 13 May 1834 , Paris - 1884 ) ( alternate spellings : Bouchet - Doumeng , Bouchet - Doumencq , Boucher - Doumencq , Boucher - Doumeng , Doumenq - Boucher ) was a 19th - century French painter who specialized in portraits and landscapes .
Jonathan Wild ( 1682 or 1683 -- 24 May 1725 ) was a London underworld figure notable for operating on both sides of the law , posing as a public - spirited crimefighter entitled the ' Thief - Taker General ' .
Nils Lorens Sjöberg ( 4 December 1754 , Jönköping - 13 March 1822 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish officer and poet .
The Christians nevertheless obtained possession of them and later the body of Gorgonius was carried to Rome .
Dennis T. Sullivan was the Chief of the San Francisco Fire Department in 1906 .
William J. Collins ( 1896 - -1981 ) was a 20th - century Catholic priest who served as the ninth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport , Iowa from 1956 to 1963 .
Count Viktor Nikitich Panin ( 9 April ( 28 March Old Style ) 1801 Moscow -- 13 April ( 1 April Old Style ) 1862 Nice ) was conservative Russian Minister of Justice ( 1841 - -1862 ) .
Mieczysław Mümler was demobilized in 1946 , settled in London where he worked as a baker .
Antoni Gołubiew ( February 25 , 1907 in Vilnius -- June 27 , 1979 in Kraków ) , nicknames Goa , Jan Karol Wayda , Jerzy Cichocki , was a Polish historian , writer and a Catholic publicist .
Bryan Mullanphy ( born 1809 in Baltimore , Maryland ; died June 15 , 1851 in St. Louis , Missouri ) was the tenth Mayor of St. Louis , serving from 1847 to 1848 .
Victor Weisz ( 25 April 1913 in Berlin , Germany - 22 February 1966 in London , England ) was a German - British political cartoonist , drawing under the name of Vicky .
Ann Bilansky ( born Mary Ann Evards Wright ) ( c. 1820 Fayetteville , North Carolina -- March 23 , 1860 Saint Paul , Minnesota ) was an American housewife convicted in 1859 of poisoning her husband with arsenic .
Giovanni Bordiga ( Novara , 2 April 1854 -- Venice , 16 June 1933 ) was an Italian mathematician who worked on algebraic and projective geometry at the university of Padua .
Matthys or Matthijs Naiveu ( 16 April 1647 , Leiden -- 4 June 1726 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Friedrich Preller the Elder ( 25 April 1804 in Eisenach -- 23 April 1878 in Weimar ) was a German landscape painter and etcher .
Florence Henri ( 28 June 1893 , New York -- 24 July 1982 , Laboissière - en - Thelle ) was a photographer and artist .
Max Arwed Roßbach ( also spelled Rossbach , 24 November 1844 in Plauen - 31 December 1902 in Leipzig ) was a German historicist architect in the late 19th century .
James of Baux or James of les Baux ( French : Jacques des Baux , Italian : Jacopo del Balzo ; died 17 July 1383 ) , hereditary Duke of Andria , was Prince of Taranto and the last titular Latin Emperor of Constantinople from 1374 to 1383 , and Prince of Achaea from 1382 to 1383 .
John McCaul ( March 7 , 1807 -- April 16 , 1887 ) was an Irish - born Canadian educator , theologian , and the second president of the University of Toronto from 1848 to 1853 .
Abiel Foster ( August 8 , 1735 -- February 6 , 1806 ) was an American clergyman and statesman from Canterbury , New Hampshire .
Justus Möser ( December 14 , 1720 , Osnabrück -- January 8 , 1794 , Osnabrück ) was a German jurist and social theorist , best known for his innovative history of Osnabrück which stressed social and cultural themes .
Theodor Dannecker ( 27 March 1913 in Tübingen -- 10 December 1945 in Bad Tölz ) was an SS Hauptsturmführer ( captain ) and one of Adolf Eichmann 's associates .
Élie Ducommun ( 19 February 1833 , Geneva -- 7 December 1906 , Bern ) was a peace activist .
Zdeněk Mlynář ( Müller ) ( 22 June 1930 , Vysoké Mýto -- 15 April 1997 , Vienna ) was secretary of Czechoslovak communist party in the years 1968 - -1970 and an intellectual who went against the grain during a critical time in the development of Eastern European political history .
David de Wied ( 12 January 1925 -- 21 February 2004 ) was a Dutch professor of pharmacology at the University of Utrecht .
Johann Heinrich Jakob Müller ( 30 April 1809 , Kassel , Kingdom of Westphalia -- 3 October 1875 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German physicist .
Georges Marquet ( 18 September 1886 , Jemeppe - sur - Meuse - 27 March 1947 , Nice ) was a belgian hotel manager , owner of many luxurious hotels in Europe .
Richard de Capella or Richard of the Chapel ( died 1127 ) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford .
Joan Martorell i Montells ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈam mərtuˈɾeʎ ) ) ( born 1833 in Barcelona , died 5 July 1906 in Barcelona ) was a Catalan architect and designer .
Rudolf Schottlaender ( August 5 , 1900 in Berlin , German Empire -- January 4 , 1988 in East Berlin , East Germany ) was a German philosopher , classical philologist , translator and political publicist of Jewish descent .
Mohammad Roem ( ( moˈhamad ˈrʊm ) ; born Temanggung 16 May 1908 -- died Jakarta 24 September 1983 ) was a diplomat and one of Indonesia 's leaders in the Indonesian war for independence .
Johann Wilhelm Brücke ( 4 March 1800 , Stralsund - 1 April 1874 , Berlin ) was a German landscape and architecture painter .
Although remaining committed to the cause of socialism , Earl Browder remained outside of the Communist Party until his death in Princeton , New Jersey on June 27 , 1973 .
From c. 1880 Alfred John West worked alongside his brothers and sisters in his father George West 's photographic business ' G West and Son ' at 97 High Street in Gosport Hants and later at 72 and 84 Palmerston Road Southsea .
Vasile Pârvan ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vaˈsile pɨrˈvan ) ; 28 September 1882 , Perchiu , Huruiești , Bacău -- 26 June 1927 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian historian and archaeologist .
John Bower Lewis , QC ( March 18 , 1817 -- January 24 , 1874 ) was the second mayor of Bytown in 1848 , the first mayor of Ottawa from 1855 to 1857 , and a member of the 2nd Canadian Parliament from 1872 to 1873 .
Binnie Barnes died in 1998 of natural causes , aged 95 , in Beverly Hills , California .
Gonzalo Güell y Morales de los Ríos ( 16 February 1895 in Havana , Cuba - 2 September 1985 in Coral Gables , Miami - Dade County , Florida USA ) was a Cuban lawyer and a career diplomat ( 1919 - -1959 ) .
Jimmy Greenhalgh ( 27 August 1923 -- 31 August 2013 ) was manager of the English football club Darlington from 1966 - 1968 .
Gwilherm Berthou ( 10 May 1908 , Paimpol -- 14 March 1951 , Rennes ) was a Breton nationalist and neo - Druidic bardic poet .
Giovanni Livraghi ( Milan , 1819 - Bologna , 8 August 1849 ) was an Italian patriot , who took part in various enterprises of Giuseppe Garibaldi , being part of the Italian legion which he founded in Montevideo in 1843 and participating , as a result , the defense of the Roman Republic .
Alberto Domínguez Borrás ( San Cristóbal de Las Casas , Chiapas 21 April 1913 -- Mexico City , 2 September 1975 ) was a Mexican songwriter .
François Bigot ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa biɡo ) ; born Bordeaux , 30 January 1703 ; died Neuchâtel , Switzerland , 12 January 1778 ) was a French government official .
Teddy Buckner ( July 16 , 1909 in Sherman , Texas -- September 22 , 1994 in Los Angeles , California ) was a jazz trumpeter associated with Dixieland music .
Pedro de Padilla , ( ? in Talavera de la Reina -- 1599 in Granada , Spain ) , a prominent member of the Military Order of Santiago after 1597 , captain of the Infantry in Flanders and Maestro de Campo in Naples , Italy .
Arrigo Pedrollo ( born Montebello Vicentino , 5 December 1878 - died Vicenza , 23 December 1964 ) was an Italian composer .
Narayan Hari Apte , popularly known as Nanasaheb Apte ( 11 July 1889 -- 14 November 1971 ) was a Marathi popular novelist & writer of advice books and editor from Maharashtra , India .
Caffaro di Rustico da Caschifellone ( c. 1080 -- c. 1164 ) was a statesman , diplomat , admiral and historian of the Republic of Genoa .
Viacheslav Chornovil ( Ukrainian : Вячесла́в Макси́мович Чорнові́л ) ( December 24 , 1937 in Yerky , Katerynopil Raion , Kiev Oblast -- March 25 , 1999 , near Boryspil , Kiev Oblast ) was a Ukrainian politician .
Félix Coquereau ( 28 November 1808 , Laval - 9 November 1866 , Paris ) was chief almoner to the French Navy .
Georges Besse ( 25 December 1927 , in Clermont - Ferrand , France -- 17 November 1986 , in Paris ) was a French businessman who led several large state - controlled French companies during his lifetime .
Walter Grundmann ( 21 October 1906 , Chemnitz - 30 August 1976 , Eisenach ) was a German Protestant theologian and anti - Semitic Nazi and Stasi collaborateur during the Third Reich and GDR .
Jerzy Kluger ( 5 April 1921 -- 31 December 2011 ) was a Polish Jewish businessman who lived in Rome .
Enid Blyton was born on 11 August 1897 in East Dulwich , London , the eldest of three children , to Thomas Carey Blyton ( 1870 - -1920 ) , a cutlery salesman , and his wife Theresa Mary ( née Harrison ; 1874 - -1950 ) .
West trained as an actress in London , taking the name ' Rebecca West ' from the rebellious young heroine in Rosmersholm by Henrik Ibsen .
André Pilette ( 6 October 1918 , in Paris , France -- 27 December 1993 , in Etterbeek , Belgium ) , son of former Indy 500 participant Théodore Pilette , was a racing driver from Belgium .
Thomas Dachser ( 13 March 1906 in Haldenwang ( near Günzburg ) - 11 April 1979 in Munich ) was a German businessman .
Maria Bolognesi was born in 1924 in Rovigo and received the name of her stepfather .
Edmundo O'Gorman O'Gorman ( 24 November 1906 in Mexico City -- 28 September 1995 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican writer , historian and philosopher .
Dora Davidsohn was born in Berlin into a Jewish family .
Jean - Paul de Saumeur ( off Marseille , 1598 -- Toulon , 20 December 1667 ) , often called Chevalier Paul was a French admiral who served in several Mediterranean campaigns .
The Master of Frankfurt ( 1460 - -c . 1533 ) was a Flemish Renaissance painter active in Antwerp between about 1480 and 1520 .
Isabella Fabbrica ( Milan , c. 1802 -- Turin , c. 1860 ) was an Italian operatic contralto .
Tilemann Heshusius ( also Hesshus , Heßhusen , Hess Husen , Heshusen ( November 3 , 1527 in Wesel -- September 25 , 1588 in Helmstedt ) was a Gnesio - Lutheran theologian .
Vladimir Grigoryevich Zakharov ( born on the 18th of September 1901 in Bogodukhov , today part of Donetsk , and died in 1956 on July 13 in Moscow , ) was a Soviet Russian composer .
John of Legnano ( Italian : Giovanni da Legnano ; ca . 1320 -- February 1383 ) was an Italian jurist , a canon lawyer at the University of Bologna and the most prominent defender of Urban VI at the outbreak of the Western Schism .
Marcel Kint ( 20 September 1914 in Zwevegem -- 23 March 2002 in Kortrijk ) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who won 31 races between 1935 and 1951 .
Jan Bouman ( Amsterdam , 28 August 1706 - Berlin , 6 September 1776 ) was a Dutch architect , mainly notable for his work as designer and general contractor on the Dutch Quarter in Potsdam .
Philipp Albert Stapfer ( Bern , 23 September 1766 -- Paris , 27 March 1840 ) was a Swiss politician and philosopher .
Jean Agélou ( 16 October 1878 - -Gien , France , 1921 ) was a French photographer of the 1910s and 1920s , best known for his erotic and nude photographs made at the beginning of the 20th century .
In 1846 he went to the spa of Druskienniki ( Druskininkai ) , but the treatment was unsuccessful and Jan Czeczot died on 23 August of the following year .
Roberts Rugh was born to Arthur and Gertrude ( Roberts ) Rugh in Springfield , Ohio on April 16 , 1903 and died on 11 November 1978 in Bethesda , Maryland .
Nicolas Vleughels ( 1668 , Paris - 1737 , Rome ) was a French painter .
Harry Farjeon was born on 6 May 1878 in Hohokus Township , New Jersey , United States , the eldest son of author Benjamin Farjeon , who was from the East End of London , and Margaret , the daughter of American actor Joseph Jefferson .
Josef Skupa ( 16 January 1892 in Strakonice -- 8 January 1957 in Prague ) was a Czech puppeteer .
When not traveling Luc Leestemaker lived and worked in Los Angeles , California .
Pierre Johanns ( 1 April 1882 , Heinerscheid , Luxembourg - 8 February 1955 , Arlon , Belgium ) was a Luxemburger Jesuit priest , missionary in India and Indologist .
Pierre Busée ( Petrus Busaeus , Buys ) ( born at Nijmegen in 1540 ; died at Vienna in 1587 ) was a Dutch Jesuit theologian .
Ramón José Castellano ( 15 Feb. 1903 -- 27 Jan. 1979 ) was the Argentine Archbishop of Córdoba , known to have ordained to the Catholic priesthood Jorge Mario Bergoglio , S.J. , who later became Pope Francis .
William J. Brinkmann ( 1874 - 24 February 1911 , Chicago ) , sometimes spelled Brinkman , was an architect most well known for his work designing Chicago area churches .
Guillaume - Charles Faipoult de Maisoncelle , was born in Paris on 4 December 1752 , son of a noble family of Champagne .
Rizvan Chitigov ( Amerikanets , Marine ) was a prominent Chechen rebel field commander in Shalinsky District of the Chechen Republic ( Russia ) until his death in March 2005 .
Émile Boutmy ( 13 April 1835 -- 25 January 1906 ) was a French political scientist and sociologist who was a native of Paris .
Dom Gualdim Pais ( 1118 -- 13 October 1195 ) , a Portuguese crusader , Knight Templar in the service of Afonso Henriques of Portugal . He was the founder of the city of Tomar .
Déodat de Séverac ( pronounced : ( deoda də sevəʁak ) ) ( Saint - Félix - de - Caraman , Haute - Garonne , 20 July 1872 -- Céret , Pyrénées - Orientales , Roussillon , 24 March 1921 ) was a French composer .
Henry Février was born in Paris , and studied at the Paris Conservatoire , where his teachers included Jules Massenet and Gabriel Fauré .
Frances Villiers , Countess of Jersey ( 25 February 1753 , St James 's -- 23 July 1821 , Cheltenham ) was one of the more notorious of the many mistresses of King George IV when he was Prince of Wales , `` a scintillating society woman , a heady mix of charm , beauty , and sarcasm '' .
Viktor Ader ( 4 October 1910 in Tallinn -- 7 September 1966 in Tallinn ) , was an Estonian football player .
Ludovico I Gonzaga ( 1268 - 18 January 1360 ) was an Italian lord , the founder of the Gonzaga family who was the first capitano del popolo of Mantua and imperial vicar .
Manuel María Orellana Contreras ( 17 December 1870 , El Jícaro , Guatemala - 17 June 1940 , Barcelona , Spain ) was a Guatemalan army officer and politician , and from 17 to 31 December 1930 , de facto interim President of Guatemala , after leading a coup d'état that ended Baudilio Palma interim presidency .
Hans - Joachim Rotzsch was born in Leipzig and educated from 1940 to 1945 at the Musisches Gymnasium Frankfurt , directed by Kurt Thomas .
Camillo Rusconi ( 14 July 1658 -- 8 December 1728 ) was an Italian sculptor of the late Baroque in Rome .
While in exile , Osman Fuad Efendi lived in many places including Geneva , Rome , Cairo , Paris , Nice and Cannes .
Giambattista Costaguti was born in Rome in 1636 , the son of Prospero Costaguti , marquis of Sipicciano ( a member of the Genoese nobility ) and of his second wife Rocca Elvezia , Countess Vidman .
Arthur Lutze ( June 1 , 1813 -- April 11 , 1870 ) , was a major figure in medicine and regimen in Germany due to his establishment of a major homeopathic clinic and spa in Köthen , Germany in the mid-1800s .
William Matthew Scott ( born Leeds 30 September 1893 ; d. Herne Bay 7 May 1964 ) , pen name Will Scott , was a British author of stories and books for adults and children , published from 1920 to 1965 .
Kārlis Padegs was born on 8 October 1911 in Torņakalns , workers district of Riga .
Juan Manén ( or Catalan : Joan Manén , 14 May 1883 -- 26 June 1971 ) was a Spanish violinist and composer , born in Barcelona .
David Friedländer ( sometimes spelled Friedlander ; 16 December 1750 , Königsberg -- 25 December 1834 , Berlin ) was a German Jewish banker , writer and communal leader .
Gabriel Blanchard , known as Blanchard Le Neveu , ( 1630 Paris , France- 1704 ) the only son of Jacques Blanchard , was born in Paris in 1630 , and studied under his uncle , Jean Baptiste Blanchard .
Norah Lange ( October 23 , 1905 -- August 5 , 1972 ) was an Argentine author , associated with the Buenos Aires avant garde of the 1920s and 1930s .
After her last diary entry , in early July 1943 , Helga Deen was deported to Sobibór extermination camp and murdered .
Reveriano Soutullo Otero ( 11 July 1880 in Ponteareas , Galicia -- 29 October 1932 in Vigo ) was a Spanish composer of zarzuelas and pasodobles .
In 1983 , Adi Da moved with a group of about 40 followers to the Fijian island of Naitaba , purchased by a wealthy follower from the actor Raymond Burr .
Giovanni Buonconsiglio ( born Montecchio Maggiore c. 1465 , died 1535 or 1537 ; active during 1497 - -1514 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Venice and his native Vicenza .
Paul Bablot ( 20 November 1873 Boulogne - sur - Seine -- 23 December 1932 Marseille ) was a French racecar driver .
Alex Bradford died in Newark , New Jersey in 1978 after a stroke , as the musical Your Arms Too Short to Box with God was in production .
Heise started to work as a journalist in Berlin and later became a lector at the University of Kiel Hans - Jürgen Heise died in Kiel .
Jean Chapeauville ( b. at Liège , 5 January 1551 ; d. there 11 May 1617 ) was a Belgian theologian and historian .
Rafael Inchauspe Méndez , known as Rafael de Nogales Méndez ( San Cristóbal , Táchira , October 14 , 1879 -- Panama City , July 10 , 1936 ) was a Venezuelan soldier , adventurer and writer who served for the Ottoman Empire during the Great War ( 1914 - -18 ) .
Willy Millowitsch ( pronounced ( ˈvɪliː ˈmiloˌvɪʧ ) , ( ˈⱱɪli ˈmɪɫoˌⱱeˑʧ ) ) ( January 8 , 1909 -- September 20 , 1999 ) was a German stage and TV actor and the director of the Volkstheater Millowitsch in Cologne .
Sándor Reményik was born on 30 August 1890 in Kolozsvár , Austria - Hungary ( now Cluj - Napoca , Romania ) to a wealthy architect .
Ludvík Daněk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈludviːk ˈdaɲɛk ) ) ( 6 January 1937 in Blansko -- 15 November 1998 in Hutisko - Solanec near Vsetín ) was a Czechoslovak discus thrower , who won the gold medal at the 1972 Olympic Games with a throw of 64.40 m ( 211'3 `` ) .
Henri - Alexandre Junod ( 17 May 1863 Saint - Martin , Val - de - Ruz - 22 April 1934 Geneva ) was a Swiss - born South African missionary , ethnographer , anthropologist , linguist and naturalist , stationed for much of his career at Shiluvane in Limpopo Province .
Marguerite Bourgeoys , C.N.D. , was the French founder of the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal in the colony of New France , now part of Québec .
Paul Biva ( Montmartre 19 September 1851 -- 13 June 1900 , Avon , Seine - et - Marne ) was a French painter .
Brewer Phillips ( November 16 , 1924 -- August 30 , 1999 ) was an American blues guitarist , chiefly associated with Juke joint blues and Chicago blues .
Roger Cousinet ( 1881 , in Arcueil , France - 7 April 1973 , in Paris , France ) was a French teacher and a pioneer of the progressive education system in France .
Jacques Carelman ( born 1929 , Marseille -- 28 March 2012 , Argenteuil ) was a French painter , illustrator and designer .
Pierre Bérégovoy died on 1 May 1993 , in Paris after being transported by helicopter from Nevers ( Nièvre ) , where he had been found an hour earlier , in a coma with two bullets in the head .
Emil Eitel was killed on 14 September 1944 near Riga , Latvia during the Riga Offensive ( 1944 ) .
Gʻafur Gʻulomovich Gʻulomov was born to a poor family on May 10 , 1903 , in Tashkent .
Elena Maria Catargiu - Obrenović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Елена Марија Катарџи-Обреновић ; 1831 Iași -- 16 July 1876 or 28 June 1879 , Dresden ) , known in Serbia as Marija Obrenović , was a Moldavian and Romanian boyaress .
Roberto Forges Davanzati ( 23 February 1880 , Naples -- 1 June 1936 , Rome ) was an Italian journalist , academic and politician .
Karol Stryja ( 2 February 1915 in Cieszyn -- 31 January 1998 in Katowice ) was a Polish conductor and teacher .
He died on 24 March 1885 in Boston , Massachusetts , in the U.S. By the time Joe Goss arrived in America he was already thirty - eight years of age , but he was travelling in good company , having been brought over by Jem Mace and under contract to the Howe and Cushing circus .
Joseph Ruttenberg retired from MGM in 1968 and died in Los Angeles on May 1 , 1983 .
Wilhelm Fleischmann ( 31 December 1837 in Erlangen -- 13 January 1920 in Göttingen ) was a German agriculturist and chemist .
Raquel Liberman ( 10 July 1900 in Berdichev , Ukraine -- 7 April 1935 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a victim of human trafficking in Argentina .
Norman Francis McFarland ( February 21 , 1922 -- April 16 , 2010 ) was the second Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Orange .
Kanuty Rusiecki , or Kanutas Ruseckas in Lithuanian ( 10 February 1800 , Stebėkiai , near Vadokliai , Lithuania - 21 August 1860 , Vilnius , Lithuania ) was a famous Lithuanian painter of Polish descent .
Rutilio Grande García , S.J. ( 5 July 1928 , El Paisnal -- 12 March 1977 , Aguilares ) was a Jesuit priest in El Salvador .
Antoine - Alfred Marche ( 15 February 1844 , Boulogne - Billancourt -- 31 August 1898 , Paris , France ) was a French naturalist and explorer .
Geoffrey Bush was born in London , became a chorister at Salisbury Cathedral at the age of 8 and studied informally with the composer John Ireland .
Costas Georgiou ( Greek : Κώστας Γιώργιου , also Anglicized as Kostas Giorgiou ; alias `` Colonel Callan '' ) ( 1951 -- 10 July 1976 ) was an ethnic Greek Cypriot , British mercenary executed following the Luanda Trial for activities during the civil war phase of the Angolan War of Independence .
Friedrich von Hagedorn ( 23 April 1708 -- 28 October 1754 ) , German poet , was born at Hamburg , where his father , a man of scientific and literary taste , was Danish ambassador .
Daniel Joseph Bradley FRS ( 18 January 1928 -- 7 February 2010 ) was an Irish physicist , and Emeritus Professor of Optical Electronics , at Trinity College , Dublin .
Rosalie King ( born Rosa Lea Frances Stephens , August 23 , 1902 , Jacksonville , Florida -- died June 11 , 1997 , Ocala , Florida ) , also known as Rosalie Simpson , was an American character actress and singer .
Gazi Husrev - beg 's forces struggled against a power vacuum in Montenegro after the death of Ottoman ally , islamized Montenegrin lord Skender - beg Crnojević in 1528 .
Jessie White Mario ( 9 May 1832 in Hampshire , England -- 5 March 1906 in Florence , Italy ) was an English ( and naturalized Italian ) writer and philanthropist .
Scipione Lancelotti was born in Rome in 1527 , the son of Orazio Lancellotti ( personal physician of Pope Julius II and an abbreviator ) and his wife Antonina Aragonia .
Johan Vilhelm Snellman ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈjuːhan ˈvɪlːhɛlm ˈsnɛlːman ) ; 12 May 1806 , Stockholm -- 4 July 1881 , Kirkkonummi ) was an influential Fennoman philosopher and Finnish statesman , ennobled in 1866 .
Rudolf Charousek ( Hungarian : Charousek Rezső , born September 19 , 1873 , Prague -- died April 18 , 1900 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian chess player .
Francesco Furini ( c. 1600 ( or 1603 ) -- August 19 , 1646 ) was an Italian Baroque painter of Florence .
Leonard Jerome died at the age of 73 in Brighton , England .
Emil Andres ( July 22 , 1911 Tinley Park , Illinois -- July 20 , 1999 South Holland , Illinois ) was an American racecar driver active during the 1930s and 1940s .
Isaac Motte ( December 8 , 1738 -- May 8 , 1795 ) was an American soldier and statesman from Charleston , South Carolina .
In 2007 his work has appeared in 1000 vissen , a collection of stories about the Amsterdam 's neighborhood Spaarndammerbuurt where Thé Lau had been living and working for 15 years .
Jacques - Noël Sané ( 18 February 1740 , Brest -- 22 August 1831 , Paris ) was a French naval engineer .
Born Jeanne Roques in Paris , France and raised by a feminist mother and socialist father , Musidora began her career in the arts at an early age , writing her first novel at the age of fifteen and acting on the stage with the likes of Colette , one of her lifelong friends .
José Barroso Chávez ( 1925 , Mexico City -- February 5 , 2008 , Mexico City ) was a Red Cross official .
August Kitzberg ( 29 December ( O.S. 17 December ) 1855 in Põlde Laatre Parish , Viljandi County -- 10 October 1927 in Tartu ) was an Estonian writer .
Giovanni di San Paolo ( died ca . early 1215 ) was a Benedictine monk at San Paolo fuori le Muri in Rome .
Hans Daucher ( 1486 , Augsburg -- 1538 , Stuttgart ) was a German Renaissance wood carver , sculptor and medal designer .
Lars Gabriel Andersson ( 22 February 1868 , Vagnhärad -- 13 February 1951 , Lidingö ) was a Swedish schoolteacher and herpetologist .
Born in Pergamon ( present - day Bergama , Turkey ) , Galen traveled extensively , exposing himself to a wide variety of medical theories and discoveries before settling in Rome , where he served prominent members of Roman society and eventually was given the position of personal physician to several emperors .
Carlo Tresoldi ( born 6 October 1952 in Boltiere ; died 13 July 1995 in Milan of cancer ) was an Italian professional football player .
Teofilo Patini ( Castel di Sangro , Abruzzo May 5 , 1840 -- Naples , November 16 , 1906 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Realist style .
Alessandro Costantini ( ca . 1581 - -1583 , Staffolo -- 20 October 1657 , Rome ) was an Italian baroque composer , maestro di cappella at the Collegium Germanicum .
Michael O'Donohue ( 1835 - -1912 ) was an Irish - American builder and architect from Hartford , Connecticut who designed a number of ecclesiastical buildings in New England for both Roman Catholic and Jewish clients .
Domenico Brandi ( 1683 - -1736 ) was an Italian painter , active in his native Naples , where he painted still lifes of birds and animals , as well as pastoral landscapes ( vedute ) .
Truesdell Sparhawk Brown ( 21 March 1906 , Philadelphia -- 13 January 1992 , Houston ) was a classical scholar , ancient historian , and co - founder of the journal California Studies in Classical Antiquity , which became the journal Classical Antiquity .
Pavel Janák ( 12 March 1881 , Karlín , nowadays district of Prague -- 1 August 1956 Prague - Dejvice ) was a Czech modernist architect , furniture designer , town planner , professor and theoretician .
Jean Effel , real name François Lejeune ( 12 February 1908 , Paris -- 10 October 1982 ) was French painter , caricaturist , illustrator and journalist .
Ferdinando Fuga ( 1699 - -1782 ) was an Italian architect , born in Florence , known for his work in Rome and Naples .
Édouard Bovet ( 1797 - -1849 ) was a Swiss watchmaker and founder of the Bovet Fleurier watch company .
Abd ar - Rahman V ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن الخامس‎ ) was an Umayyad Caliph of Córdoba .
Luigi Rizzo , Conte di Grado e di Premuda ( October 8 , 1887 in Milazzo -- June 27 , 1951 in Rome ) was an Italian naval officer .
Robert Edge Pine ( 1730 , London - November 18 , 1788 , Philadelphia ) was an English portrait and historical painter , born in London .
János György Szilágyi ( 16 July 1918 -- 7 January 2016 ) was a Hungarian historian who was a specialist in ancient drama and Greek art . He was born in Budapest .
Pierre Granier - Deferre ( 27 July 1927 , Paris -- 16 November 2007 ) was a French film director .
Paul Wallot ( 26 June 1841 Oppenheim am Rhein - 10 August 1912 Bad Schwalbach ) was a German architect of Huguenot descent , best known for designing the Reichstag building in Berlin , erected between 1884 and 1894 .
Michael Christian Festing was born in London to parents John and Elizabeth Festing .
Werner Lamberz was killed in a helicopter accident in Libya shortly after take - off , following a meeting in a large desert encampment with the Libyan head of government , Muammar Gaddafi .
Antoine Laurent Apollinaire Fée was a French botanist who was born in Ardentes , 7 November 1789 , and died in Paris on 21 May 1874 .
Gabriel Guevrekian ( or Guévrékian ) ( November 21 , 1892 ( ? ) Istanbul - October 29 , 1970 Antibes ) was an Armenian architect , who designed buildings , interiors and gardens , and taught architecture .
Heinrich Erfle ( born April 1 , 1884 , in Durkheim , died April 8 , 1923 , in Jena ) was a German optician who spent most of his career at Carl Zeiss .
Robert Ochsenfeld was a German physicist born on May 18 , 1901 in Hilchenbach ( Helberhausen quarter ) .
Wolfgang Lukschy ( born 19 October 1905 -- 10 July 1983 in Berlin ) was a German actor and dubber .
Joaquim Lúcio Cardoso Filho , known as Lúcio Cardoso ( Curvelo , Minas Gerais , Brazil , August 14 , 1912 - Rio de Janeiro , September 22 , 1968 ) was a Brazilian novelist , playwright , and poet .
Lawrence K. Karlton ( May 28 , 1935 -- July 11 , 2015 ) was a United States District Judge in Sacramento , California .
Đura Horvatović ( Serbian : Ђура Хорватовић ; January 17 , 1835 in Nova Gradiška -- February 28 , 1895 in Belgrade ) was a Serbian general and military minister .
Grigol Robakidze ( Georgian : გრიგოლ რობაქიძე ) ( October 28 , 1880 , Sviri ( West Georgia ) - November 19 , 1962 , Geneva ) was a Georgian writer , publicist , and public figure primarily known for his prose and anti - Soviet émigré activities .
Placido Campolo ( 1693 - -1743 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque period , a native of Messina in Sicily .
Josef Jireček ( 9 October 1825 , in Vysoké Mýto -- 25 November 1888 , in Prague ) was a Czech scholar .
Born in Thiruvalla as the second son of evangelist George Kakkanadan and Rosamma , George Varghese Kakkanadan spent most of his childhood at Kollam and Kottarakkara .
Gustaf Larson died on 4 July 1968 , and is buried at the family tomb in Båstad , Göteborg , Sweden .
Anna Maria Garthwaite ( b. Harston , Leicestershire , 14 March 1688 -- October 1763 ) was an English textile designer known for creating vivid floral designs for silk fabrics hand - woven in Spitalfields near London in the mid-18th century .
Rūdolfs Bārda ( 7 February 1903 in Riga - 24 January 1991 in Riga ) was a Latvian footballer , brother of Edvīns Bārda , Arvīds Bārda and Oskars Bārda .
Baccio D'Agnolo ( 19 May 1462 -- 6 March 1543 ) , born Bartolomeo Baglioni , was an Italian woodcarver , sculptor and architect from Florence .
Pierre - Charles Simart ( born in Troyes on 27 June 1806 , died in Paris on 27 May 1857 ) was a French sculptor .
Ellison Harvie was recognised as an expert in hospital planning and administration , working on numerous Australian projects , including Mercy Hospital in East Melbourne ( 1934 - -36 ) and the original four multi - storey buildings of the Royal Melbourne Hospital ( 1936 - -41 ) .
Vadim Spiridonov born October 14 , 1944 in Moscow .
Lajos Werkner ( October 23 , 1883 in Budapest -- November 12 , 1943 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian sabre fencer .
He died in Prestwich in 1850 and is buried in the Churchyard of St Mary 's Parish Church in a tomb that calls him `` William Sturgeon ~ The Electrician '' .
Francis I. McKenna ( February 25 , 1859 -- February 24 , 1914 ) was a real estate and land developer , and architect from the 1890s to the 1920s in Portland , Oregon .
Carlo Pittara ( 1836 , Turin - 25 October 1891 , Rivara ) was an Italian painter who specialized in animals , pastoral landscapes , rivers and peasants at work .
Henry Corbin ( 14 April 1903 -- 7 October 1978 ) was a philosopher , theologian and professor of Islamic Studies at the École pratique des hautes études in Paris , France .
Helen Adam ( December 2 , 1909 in Glasgow , Scotland -- September 19 , 1993 in New York City ) was a Scottish poet , collagist and photographer who was an c , a literary movement contemporaneous to the Beat Generation that occurred in San Francisco during the 1950s and 1960s .
Franjo Punčec ( Serbian Cyrillic : Фрањо Пунчец ( fraːɲo pûːntʃěːts ) ; Hungarian : Puncsec Ferenc ( ˈpuntʃɛc ˈfɛrɛnts ) ; 25 November 1913 , Čakovec - 5 January 1985 , Johannesburg ) was a Yugoslav tennis player of Croatian ethnicity .
Erna Auerbach ( Frankfurt am Main 1897 - -London 1975 ) was a German - born artist and art historian best known for her work on artists of the Tudor Era in England .
Apollonius Cronus ( Greek : Κρόνος Ἀπολλώνιος ; fl . 4th century BCE ) from Cyrene was a philosopher of the Megarian school .
Upon his death in Outremont , Quebec in 1952 ( one day shy of his 84th birthday ) , Henri Bourassa was interred in Montreal 's Cimetière Notre - Dame - des - Neiges .
Saint Willibald ( born in Wessex c.700 and died c.787 in Eichstätt ) was an 8th - century bishop of Eichstätt in Bavaria .
Air Commodore Nazir Latif SJ and Bar ( July 10 , 1927 -- June 30 , 2011 ) was a one - star general officer in the Pakistan Air Force and a former director - general of the Operations and Plans at the Air Headquarters , Islamabad .
Wilhelm Malte I , Prince of Putbus ( 1783 -- 1854 ) was a German prince ( Fürst ) from the old Slavic - Rügen noble family of the lords of Putbus .
Étienne Pellot `` Montvieux '' , aka le Renard Basque ( the Basque fox ) , ( 1 September 1765 , Hendaye , France -- 1856 , Hendaye ) , was the last known French corsair , renowned for his bravery and success .
Born in Athens in 1873 , Konstantinos Typaldos - Alfonsatos entered the Hellenic Navy Academy on 2 September 1887 and graduated on 31 August 1891 as a Line Ensign .
Josephus Struthius ( Polish : Józef Struś ; 1510 in Poznań -- between 27 July 1568 and 26 January 1569 in Poznań ) was a Polish professor of medicine in Padua ( 1535 - -1537 ) and personal doctor of Polish kings .
Gaspare Gorresio ( Bagnasco , 18 January July 1808 -- Turin , 20 May 1891 ) was an Italian Orientalist and Indologist , best known for his translation of the Valmiki Ramayana , the great Hindu epic .
Nikolaas van Hoy , known in Austria as Nikolaus van Hoy ( alternative spellings of family name : ' van Hoey ' and ' van Hoj ' ) ( b. Antwerp , 1631 - d. Vienna , 25 June 1679 ) was a Flemish Baroque painter , draughtsman and etcher .
Leonardo Garzoni ( Venice , Italy , 1543 -- Venice , Italy , March 10 , 1592 ) was a Jesuit natural philosopher .
Olive Rush ( June 10 , 1873 near Fairmount , Indiana -- August 20 , 1966 in Santa Fe , New Mexico ) was an illustrator , muralist , and an important pioneer in Native American Art Education .
Il Sodoma painted in a manner that superimposed the High Renaissance style of early 16th - century Rome onto the traditions of the provincial Sienese school ; he spent the bulk of his professional life in Siena , with two periods in Rome .
Karel Farský ( 26 July 1880 , in Škodějov , Semily District , Bohemia -- 12 June 1927 , in Prague ) was a Czech Roman Catholic priest , and later founder and first patriarch ( 1920 ) of the Czechoslovak Hussite Church .
Carl Roesner ( 19 June 1804 , Vienna - 13 July 1869 , Steyr ) was an Austrian architect .
In 1463 , the Venetian Senate , seeking allies in its war against the Ottomans , sent Lazzaro Querini as its first ambassador to Tabriz , but he was unable to persuade Uzun Hassan to attack the Ottomans .
Giuseppe Diana ( July 4 , 1958 -- March 19 , 1994 ) , also known as Father Peppino , was a writer , a scout , and a Roman Catholic parish priest in Casal di Principe .
Louis Bonniot de Fleurac ( Louis Victor Marie Bonniot de Fleurac ; 19 November 1876 in Paris -- 20 March 1965 ) was a French athlete .
Wilfred Walter ( 2 March 1882 in Ripon , West Riding of Yorkshire -- 9 July 1958 in Ashtead , Surrey ) was an English film and theatre actor .
George Weissinger Smith was mayor of Louisville , Kentucky , the United States from 1917 to 1921 .
Bernhard Reichenbach ( 1888 in Berlin -- 1975 in London ) was a member of the Executive Committee of the Communist International .
Merrill De Maris ( February 26 , 1898 , New Jersey -- December 31 , 1948 , Escondido , California ) was a writer who worked on Disney Comic Strips for King Features Syndicate .
Juan Luis Segundo , S.J. ( March 31 , 1925 in Montevideo , Uruguay -- January 17 , 1996 in Montevideo ) was a Jesuit priest and theologian who was an important figure in the movement known as `` Liberation theology . ''
Georg Ritter von Frauenfeld ( 3 June 1807 , Vienna -- 8 October 1873 ) was an Austrian naturalist and one of the leading scientists on board the Austrian frigate Novara during its round - the - world voyage .
Michael Landmann ( 16 December 1913 , Basel -- 25 January 1984 , Haifa ) was a Jewish Swiss Philosopher .
Harrison Allen ( 1841 - 97 ) was an American physician and anatomist , born in Philadelphia .
The late Fernando Poe , Jr. 's low - key half - brother - actor Conrad Poe died on the morning of June 26 , 2010 , in his home in Meycauayan City , Bulacan .
Chief Constable Henry Solomon ( 1794 - 14 March 1844 ) was a police officer who became the first Chief Constable of Brighton Borough Police in East Sussex , England .
Louis Antoine Léon Riesener ( 21 January 1808 in Paris -- 25 May 1878 in Paris ) was a French Romantic painter .
Yuri Golov died following a long illness on 9 January 2014 , aged 77 , in his hometown of Nizhny Novgorod , Russia .
Ali Asllani ( Vajza , Vlorë District , Ottoman Empire , 28 November 1884 -- Tirana , Albania 20 December 1966 ) was Albanian poet , politician and activist of the Albanian National Awakening .
Theodor Birt ( 22 March 1852 in Wandsbek -- 28 January 1933 in Marburg ) was a German classicist and novelist .
Johan Rudolf Kjellén ( Swedish : ( ɕɛlleːn ) , 13 June 1864 , Torsö -- 14 November 1922 , Uppsala ) was a Swedish political scientist and politician who first coined the term `` geopolitics '' .
Matthias Jansz van Geuns ( Groningen , 15 September 1758 - Haarlem , 21 November 1839 ) was a Dutch Mennonite teacher and minister .
Pedro Roldán ( 1624 - -1699 ) was a Baroque sculptor from Seville , Andalusia , Spain .
Manfred Börner ( born 16 March 1929 in Rochlitz ; died 15 January 1996 in Ulm ) was a German physicist .
Karl Seebach ( June 28 , 1912 in Munich -- July 18 , 2007 in Munich ) was a German mathematician .
Carsten Tank was born at Rød Herregård , the family estate at Halden in Østfold County , Norway .
Klaus Mollenhauer graduated from school in 1948 , and then attended the College of Education in Göttingen , and working from 1950 to 1952 as an elementary school teacher in Bremen .
George Bagration of Mukhrani died in Madrid , Spain , in 1957 .
François Thurot ( 22 July 1727 at Nuits - Saint - Georges near Dijon in eastern France -- 28 February 1760 off the Isle of Man ) was a French privateer , merchant naval captain and smuggler who terrorised British shipping in the early part of the Seven Years ' War .
Joshua Boaz ben Simon Baruch ( died 1557 ) , also known as the Shiltei Giborim after a work he authored , was a prominent Talmudist who lived at Sabbioneta , and later at Savigliano .
Jean - Paul Laurens ( Fourquevaux 28 March 1838 -- 23 March 1921 Paris ) , was a French painter and sculptor , and one of the last major exponents of the French Academic style .
His grandfather ( also named Ludwig Binswanger ) was founder of the `` Bellevue Sanatorium '' in Kreuzlingen , and his uncle Otto Binswanger was a professor of psychiatry at the University of Jena .
María Antonieta Rivas Mercado Castellanos ( b. Mexico City , April 28 , 1900 - d. Paris , February 11 , 1931 ) was a Mexican intellectual , writer , feminist and arts patron .
Karl Braunsteiner ( 27 October 1891 -- 19 April 1916 in Tashkent , Uzbekistan ) was an Austrian football ( soccer ) player .
Muhammad Ibn Sirin ( Arabic محمد بن سيرين ) ( born in Basra ) was a Muslim interpreter of dreams who lived in the 8th century .
Adolf Schlatter ( 16 August 1852 -- 19 May 1938 ) was a world - leading Protestant theologian and professor specialising in the New Testament and systematics at Greifswald , Berlin and Tübingen .
Jean - Baptiste Martenot ( Saint - Seine - l'Abbaye Côte - d’Or 26 July 1828 - 30 March 1906 Rennes ) , was a French architect , born in Bourgogne , in the city of Rennes .
Only one year later , he was captured and sent to Copenhagen on the orders of the Danish treasurer and statholder , Christofer Walkendorf who was ruling Denmark after the sudden death of Frederick II . Magnus Heinason was tried , and was beheaded 18th .
Ester Rachel Kamińska ( Yiddish : אסתר רחל קאַמינסקאַ ) née Halpern ( Porozow , 10 March 1870 - Warsaw , 25 December 1925 ) was a Polish Jewish actress , known as the mother of Yiddish theatre .
Ralph Keeler ( also Keiler ) ( 1613 -- September 10 , 1672 ) was a founding settler of both Hartford , and Norwalk , Connecticut .
Auguste François - Marie de Colbert - Chabanais ( 18 October 1777 , Paris -- 3 January 1809 , Cacabelos , Spain ) , Comte de l'Empire joined the French army during the French Revolutionary Wars .
John Marie Durst died in Galveston on February 9 , 1851 and is buried in the family cemetery in Leon County .
James Alfred Ernest Corea grew up in the west coast town of Chilaw , with his older brother and his three younger siblings , They lived with their mother , who was of the Seneviratne family of Sri Lanka .
Willard MacGregor ( born October 15 , 1901 in Boston ; died July 30 , 1993 in New York City ) was an American classical pianist .
Johannes de Sacrobosco , also written Ioannis de Sacro Bosco ( c. 1195 -- c. 1256 ) , was a scholar , monk , and astronomer who was a teacher at the University of Paris .
Gaius Gracchus was born into a family who had a strong tradition in the politics of ancient Rome .
Adolf Pabst ( 30 November 1899 , Chicago -- 3 April 1990 , Berkeley , California ) was an American mineralogist and geologist .
Francesco Beccaruzzi ( c. 1492 - -1562 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance era , active near his hometown of Conegliano and in the neighborhood of Treviso .
William Hannon ( 1879 - -1950 ) was a Catholic priest from the United States who served as the fourth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport , Iowa from 1915 to 1926 .
Eleonore Charlotte of Württemberg - Montbéliard ( 20 November 1656 in Horburg -- April 1743 in Wrocław ) , was by marriage Duchess of Oels - Württemberg .
Antoine Zacharie Adrien d'Épinay ( 6 February 1794 in Isle de France ( presently Mauritius ) -- 9 December 1839 ) in Paris .
Erich Everth ( born 3 July 187 ? in Berlin ; died 22 June 1934 in Leipzig ) was a German art historian , journalist and scientist of newspaper and cultivation .
Hal Robson ( August 16 , 1911 Mount Dennis , Ontario -- July 2 , 1996 San Bernardino , California ) was a Canadian racecar driver active in the 1940s .
Dimitar Milanov Stoyanov ( 18 October 1928 -- 1995 ) was a Bulgarian international footballer who played as a striker for CSKA Sofia .
Hippolyte Mège - Mouriès ( Draguignan 24 October 1817 - Paris 31 May 1880 ) was a French chemist and the inventor of margarine .
Friedrich von Hollmann ( January 19 , 1842 -- January 21 , 1913 ) was an Admiral of the German Imperial Navy ( Kaiserliche Marine ) and Secretary of the German Imperial Naval Office under Emperor Wilhelm II . Hollmann was born in Berlin , Germany .
Marcus Morton ( 1784 -- February 6 , 1864 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and politician from Taunton , Massachusetts .
She was born in Lille , France , and died in Port Hueneme , California as Yola d'Avril Montiague .
Leopoldine von Sternberg ( Maria Leopoldine Walburga Eva ; 11 December 1733 , Vienna -- 1 March 1809 , Valtice ) was the princess consort of Liechtenstein as the wife of Prince Franz Joseph I , whom she married on 6 July 1750 .
Bernardo de Balbuena ( c. Valdepeñas ( Spain ) 1561 -- San Juan , Puerto Rico , October 1627 ) was a Spanish poet .
David José Kohon ( 18 October 1919 -- 30 October 2004 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter .
Armin Jordan died in Zürich five days after he collapsed while conducting Prokofiev 's opera The Love for Three Oranges at the opera house in Basel .
Johann Tobias Beck ( 22 February 1804 in Balingen , Württemberg -- 28 December 1878 in Tübingen ) was a German theologian .
Traian Trestioreanu ( June 9 , 1919 , Ploieşti -- August 28 , 1972 , Doicești ) was a Romanian painter , sketcher , and muralist .
Krzysztof Michalski ( 8 June 1948 -- 10 February 2013 ) was a Polish philosopher and the rector of Institut für die Wissenschaften vom Menschen ( IWM ) founded by him in Vienna in 1982 .
Louis Fischer taught about the Soviet Union at Princeton University until his death on January 15 , 1970 .
Bruno Corra is the pseudonym of Bruno Ginanni Corradini ( Ravenna , 9 June 1892 -- died in Varese , 20 November 1976 ) , an Italian writer and screenwriter .
Vincenzo Lancia ( 24 August 1881 in Fobello , Piedmont -- 15 February 1937 in Turin ) was an Italian pilot , engineer and founder of Lancia .
Karl Heilbronner ( 21 November 1869 Nürnberg -- 8 September 1914 Utrecht ) was a German psychiatrist .
Walther Kranz ( German : ( kʀants ) ; November 23 , 1884 in Georgsmarienhütte -- September 18 , 1960 in Bonn ) was a German classical philologist and historian of philosophy .
Massimo Brancaccio , also known by the stage names Max Coveri and Billy More ( February 3 , 1965 -- August 14 , 2005 ) , was an Italian drag queen and music artist based in Milan .
Piri Mehmed Pasha ( died 1533 , Silivri ) was an Ottoman Turk statesman .
Lucio Piccolo di Calanovella ( October 27 , 1901 in Palermo -- May 26 , 1969 in Capo d'Orlando ) , was an Italian poet .
Mauro Soderini ( 1704 - after 1739/1751 ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period , mainly painting sacred subjects and active in his native Florence .
Wilhelm Emelé ( 30 May 1830 Buchen , Odenwald - 11 October 1905 Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German painter of horses , military scenes and hunting scenes .
Born in Norwich , Connecticut , the son of Eliza ( née Coit ) and mill owner William Charles Gilman , a descendant of Edward Gilman , one of the first settlers of Exeter , New Hampshire , Daniel Coit Gilman graduated from Yale College in 1852 with a degree in geography .
Roger Rondeaux ( April 15 , 1920 in Mareuil - le - Port , France -- January 24 , 1999 in La Rochelle , France ) is a former cyclo - cross racer from France who was a professional from 1947 to 1958 .
Henry Zdík ( in Czech : Jindřich Zdík ) ( about 1083 - 1150 Prague ) was bishop of Olomouc from 1126 to 1150 .
Giambettino Cignaroli ( Verona , July 4 , 1706 -- Verona , December 1 , 1770 ) was an Italian painter of the Rococo and early Neoclassic period .
Alleyn was born in Bishopsgate , London , a younger son of Edward Alleyn , an innkeeper and porter to the queen , and Margaret Townley .
Nicolaes Grisz Grauwert ( 1582 -- 1658 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age member of the Haarlem schutterij .
Antonín Machek ( 31 October 1775 , Podlažice -- 18 November 1844 , Prague ) was a Czech painter in the Classical and Biedermeier styles .
Guillaume Delisle , also spelled Guillaume de l'Isle , ( 28 February 1675 , Paris -- 25 January 1726 , Paris ) was a French cartographer known for his popular and accurate maps of Europe and the newly explored Americas and Africa .
Bartolomeo Cavarozzi ( Viterbo , 15 February 1587 - Rome , 21 September 1625 ) was an Italian caravaggisti painter of the Baroque period active in Spain , alongside his master Giovanni Battista Crescenzi .
Antonín Reichenauer ( also known as Johann Anton Reichenauer , born c. 1694 Prague ; died 17 March 1730 in Jindřichův Hradec ) was a baroque composer .
Edward MacDowell was born in New York City to Thomas MacDowell , a Manhattan milk dealer , and Frances ( Fanny ) Mary Knapp .
Adolph Eduard Grube ( born 18 May 1812 in Königsberg - died 23 June 1880 in Wrocław ) was a German zoologist .
Robert Casadesus was born and died in Paris , and studied there at the Conservatoire with Louis Diémer , taking a Premier Prix ( First Prize ) in 1913 and the Prix Diémer in 1920 .
Anna - Lisa Frykman born Anna Elisabet Frykman on 4 January 1889 in Stockholm , Sweden , dead 14 June 1960 in Stockholm , Sweden was a Swedish composer , song lyricist and teacher .
Augustin Meinrad Bächtiger ( May 12 , 1888 , Mörschwil -- May 4 , 1971 , Gossau ) was a Swiss painter .
José Aguiar or José Aguiar García ( born 1895 ( Santa Clara , Cuba ) , died 1976 ( Madrid ) ) was a painter and muralist from La Gomera .
Benjamin Dale was born in Upper Holloway , Islington , London , to Charles James Dale , a pottery manufacturer from Staffordshire , and his wife , Frances Anne Hallett , daughter of a furniture manufacturer from Clerkenwell .
Liberale Cozza ( 20 July 1768 -- 26 May 1821 ) was an Italian painter , active mainly in his native Venice , but also in Brescia in a Neoclassical style .
Semyon L'vovich Ferdman PAR , better known by his stage name Semyon Farada ( Russian : Семён Львович Фердман , Семён Фарада , born December 31 , 1933 , Nikolskoye village of Moscow Oblast , USSR - died August 20 , 2009 in Moscow ) was a Soviet and Russian stage and film actor .
Curt von Bardeleben ( 4 March 1861 in Berlin -- 31 January 1924 ( aged 62 ) in Berlin ) was a German chess master , journalist , and member of the German nobility .
Philippe Alegambe ( 22 January 1592 , Brussels , Belgium - 6 September 1652 , Rome , Italy ) was a Belgian Jesuit priest and bibliographer .
Valentin Eduard Becker ( 20 November 1814 in Würzburg - 25 January 1890 also in Würzburg ) was a German composer .
Georges Adda ( Arabic : جورج عدة‎ ) ( September 22 , 1916 in Tunis -- September 28 , 2008 in Tunis ) , was a Tunisian politician and trade unionist , and a former leader of the Tunisian Communist Party .
Julius Buckler ( 28 March 1894 Mainz - Mombach -- 23 May 1960 Bonn ) was a German First World War fighter ace credited with 36 victories during the war .
Filippo Mariotti ( Apiro , September 6 , 1833 - Rome , June 25 , 1911 ) was an Italian politician and lawyer .
His father was a magistrate , and Jaishankar was educated at PS High School and The New College , Chennai , where he was awarded an honours degree .
Giuseppe Mosca ( 1772 in Naples -- 1839 in Messina ) was an Italian opera composer , the older brother of Luigi Mosca , also an opera composer .
On February 9 , 1991 , James Cleveland died in Culver City , California .
Joshua Tetley ( 20 July 1778 -- 26 August 1859 ) was the founder of the Tetley 's Brewery in Leeds , England .
Narcís Vinyoles , also Narciso Viñoles ( between 1442 and 1447 -- 1517 ) was a poet , lawyer and politician from Valencia , Spain .
Guido Alberto Fano ( 18 May 1875 in Padua -- 14 August 1961 at Tauriano di Spilimbergo ) was an Italian pianist and composer .
Herman Zanstra ( November 3 , 1894 , Schoterland -- October 2 , 1972 , Haarlem ) was a Frisian / Dutch astronomer .
Jules Romains was born in Saint - Julien - Chapteuil in the Haute - Loire but went to Paris to attend first the lycée Condorcet and then the prestigious École normale supérieure .
Walter Süß was listed as missing in action as of March 1945 in the Courland Pocket .
Jindřich Fügner ( born Heinrich Fügner , 12 September 1822 , Prague -- 15 November 1865 , Prague ) was co - founder ( together with Miroslav Tyrš ) and the first starosta ( leader ) of the Czech sport organization Sokol .
Fabio Maniscalco ( Naples 1 August 1965 - 1 February 2008 ) was an Italian archaeologist , specialist about the protection of cultural property and essayist .
Frank Farrington ( 8 July 1873 , London , England - 27 May 1924 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American silent film actor .
Ludwig Minkus was born Aloysius Bernhard Philipp Minkus on 23 March 1826 , in the Innere Stadt district of Vienna , the capital of the Austrian Empire .
Jean Jules Bousson ( 13 March 1834 in Vincennes -- 3 September 1926 in Paris ) was a French officer of the Cent - gardes Squadron .
Avicenna had access to the great libraries of Balkh , Khwarezm , Gorgan , Rey , Isfahan and Hamadan .
Hipolit Cegielski ( 6 January 1813 , Ławki -- 30 November 1868 , Posen ( Poznań ) , Kingdom of Prussia ) was a Polish businessman and social and cultural activist .
Giovanni Lorenzo Gregori ( 1663 in Lucca , Italy -- January 1745 in Lucca ) was an Italian violinist and composer .
Karl Benz , Bertha Benz , and their son , Eugen , moved 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) east of Mannheim to live in nearby Ladenburg , and solely with their own capital , founded the private company , C. Benz Sons ( German : Benz Söhne ) in 1906 , producing automobiles and gas engines .
Angelino Fons was born on 6 March 1936 in Madrid , just months before the beginning of the Spanish Civil War .
Alessandro Milesi ( Venice , 1856 - -1945 ) was an Italian painter , mainly depicting genre subjects .
José Barnabé de Mesquita ( March 10 , 1892 , Cuiabá -- June 22 , 1961 , Cuiabá ) , generally known as José de Mesquita , was a Brazilian poet parnassian , romance and short story writer , historiographer , journalist , essayist , genealogist and jurist .
Nanna Ditzel ( October 6 , 1923 in Copenhagen - June 17 , 2005 in Copenhagen ) was a Danish furniture designer .
Paul Cornu died in 1944 in Lisieux -France , when his home was destroyed during the bombardment that accompanied the Landings of WW2 .
Christian Gottfried Körner ( 2 July 1756 , Leipzig -- 13 May 1831 , Berlin ) was a German jurist .
Eliza Carpenter ( 1851-December 16 , 1924 ) was a race horse owner and jockey who was born an enslaved person and achieved success as the only African - American horse racer in early Oklahoma .
Giuseppe Besozzi ( born 1686 in Milan -- d. 2 December 1760 in Naples ) was an Italian oboist .
Lucio Colletti ( December 8 , 1924 , Rome -- November 3 , 2001 , Venturina , Campiglia Marittima , Province of Livorno ) was an Italian philosopher .
Norberto Díaz ( March 18 , 1952 Buenos Aires - December 18 , 2010 ) , who was called Gallego by others in the entertainment industry , was an Argentine actor .
Aleksander Zelwerowicz ( 14 August 1877 in Lublin -- 18 June 1955 in Warsaw ) was a Polish actor , director , theatre president and a teacher .
Paavo Hukkinen ( 27 October 1911 in Hanover , Germany -- 7 June 1988 in Helsinki ) was a German - Finnish actor .
In 1979 , she and her husband founded the Pearl Primus `` Dance Language Institute '' in New Rochelle , New York , where they offered classes that blended African - American , Caribbean , and African dance forms with modern dance and ballet techniques .
Karl Peter Wilhelm Maurenbrecher ( 21 December 1838 -- 6 November 1892 , Leipzig ) was a German historian .
Levi Yitzchok of Berditchev ( 1740 - -1809 in Berdychiv ) , also known as the Berdichever , was a Hasidic leader .
Tony Anholt died in London of a brain tumour in 2002 , aged 61 .
Edmond Adolphe Maurice Jules Jacques de Rothschild , usually known as Baron Edmond Adolphe de Rothschild ( September 30 , 1926 -- November 2 , 1997 ) was born in Paris , France and died in Geneva , Switzerland .
Hugo Botstiber ( born 21 April 1875 , Vienna -- 15 January 1941 , Shrewsbury , UK ) , was an Austrian Jewish musicologist , who studied under Robert Fuchs and Guido Adler .
Johann Theodor Jablonski ( December 15 , 1654 - April 28 , 1731 , Berlin ) was a German educator and lexicographer who also wrote under the name Pierre Rondeau .
Born in London , Killigrew is perhaps best known as the subject of a famous elegy by the poet John Dryden entitled To The Pious Memory of the Accomplish'd Young Lady Mrs. Anne Killigrew ( 1686 ) .
Charles Stetson ( November 2 , 1801 -- March 27 , 1863 ) was a United States Representative from Maine , and the eldest member of a powerful Bangor political family .
Nicholas Liverpool died on 1 June 2015 in Miami , Florida , where he was receiving medical treatment .
After spending his childhood in Luxembourg , Auguste Trémont moved to Paris where he enrolled at the Ecole des Arts décoratifs in 1909 .
Niccolò di Segna ( died around 1348 ) was an Italian painter from Siena .
Leonhard Merzin ( 10 February 1934 in Aruküla , Kudina Parish ( now Maardla , Saare Parish ) -- 2 January 1990 in Tartu ) was an Estonian theatre and film actor , one of the Estonian actors active in the Soviet Union and abroad .
Pierre Chébly ( born on 19 December 1870 in Defoun , Lebanon - died on 30 May 1917 ) was an archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut .
Duan Qirui exiled himself to Tianjin and later moved to Shanghai where he died on November 2 , 1936 .
Kefee Obareki Don Momoh died of lung failure at a hospital in Los Angeles , California on June 12 , 2014 .
Simone Boccanegra ( Ligurian : Scimon Boccaneigra , Italian : Simone Boccanegra ; died 1363 ) was the first Doge of Genoa .
Alexander Preinfalk was shot down on 12 December 1944 by an American P-47 over Bruchsal , Germany and died after he bailed out .
Artur Carlos de Barros Basto ( Hebrew name : Abraham Israel Ben - Rosh ) was born December 18 , 1887 in Amarante , Portugal , and died in Porto on March 8 , 1961 .
Robert Adams II ( December 24 , 1832 -- May 12 , 1882 ) was a cotton planter from Lower Richland County , South Carolina , and Captain in the Army of The Confederate States of America .
Émile Maupas ( born 2 July 1842 in Vaudry , died 18 October 1916 in Algiers ) was a French librarian , zoologist and botanist .
Lalla Romano ( November 11 , 1906 in Demonte -- June 26 , 2001 in Milan ) was an Italian novelist , poet , and journalist .
Alois Vojtěch Šembera ( March 21 , 1807 in Vysoké Mýto , Bohemia , Austrian Empire -- March 23 , 1882 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary ) was a Czech linguist , historian of literature , writer , journalist and patriot .
Amory N. Hardy or A.N. Hardy ( 1835 - 1911 ) was a photographer in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th century .
Alexander Julius Klünder ( Russian : Александр Иванович Клюндер ; 20 February 1802 , Tallinn - 8 January 1875 , Tallinn ) was a Baltic - German painter and lithographer , known primarily for his portraits .
In 1937 Karl Wien was chosen to lead a German expedition to Nanga Parbat , the first since ten climbers had died on the mountain in 1934 .
John III , Duke of Mecklenburg - Stargard ( 1389 -- after 11 November 1438 ) was from 1416 to 1438 Duke of Mecklenburg , Lord of Stargard , Sternberg , Friedland , Fürstenberg , and Lychen .
Joan Salvat - Papasseit ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈan səɫˈβat pəpəˈsɛjt ) ) ( Barcelona , 16 May 1894 - 7 August 1924 ) was a Catalan poet , though he also wrote articles , manifestos and other prose of a political and social nature .
He was born in Newbury , Berkshire in 1886 as Wernham Ryott Gifford but took the stage name of Stewart Rome , which was later unsuccessfully contested by Cecil Hepworth , who also used the name .
Johanna Niese , known as Hansi Niese ( 10 November 1875 in Vienna -- April 4 , 1934 ) was an Austrian actress .
Johann Kasimir Kolbe von Wartenberg ( 6 February 1643 , Wetterau -- 4 July 1712 , Frankfurt am Main ) was the first ever Minister - President ( effectively Prime Minister ) of the kingdom of Prussia , and the head of the `` Cabinet of Three Counts '' .
Georg Prochaska ( April 10 , 1749 in Blížkovice near Mahrisch Budwitz -- July 17 , 1820 in Vienna ) ( first name sometimes referred to as Juri , Jiří or Georgius ) ( Czech : Jiří Procháska ) was a leading Czech - Austrian anatomist , ophthalmologist , physiologist , writer and university professor .
Siegfried Oberndorfer ( 24 June 1876 in Munich - 1944 in Istanbul ) was a German physician and pathologist .
Friedrich Christian Hermann Uber ( April 22 , 1781 -- March 2 , 1822 ) was a German composer , who also served as the cantor of the Kreuzkirche in Dresden .
Gloria Emerson ( May 19 , 1929 , New York City -- August 3 , 2004 , New York City ) was an American author , journalist and New York Times war correspondent .
Maïna Kataki , née Juliette Pierre - Marie and nicknamed Nishtatai ( 1923 -- 20 November 2011 ; Pune , India ) was a French born , feminist author based in Pune , India .
Narciso Soldan ( 11 December 1927 , Nervesa della Battaglia , Veneto - 30 July 1987 , Conegliano , Veneto ) was an Italian professional football player .
Teddy Sampson died in Los Angeles more than 30 years later on November 24 , 1970 .
Mario Puccini ( 28 June 1869 , Livorno - 18 June 1920 , Florence ) was an Italian Post - impressionist painter who specialized in landscapes and village scenes .
Bernard Sarrette ( November 27 , 1765 -- April 1858 ) , founded what would become the Paris Conservatoire .
Carlos Padrós Rubió , also known as Carles Padrós Rubió ( 9 November 1870 , in Barcelona - 30 December 1950 , in Madrid ) was a Spanish football pioneer and club President of Real Madrid .
Andrzej Dobrowolski ( September 9 , 1921 in Lwów , Poland ( now Lviv . Ukraine ) -- August 8 , 1990 in Graz , Austria ) was a Polish composer and teacher .
Henrik Sillem ( 12 August 1866 , Amsterdam -- 13 July 1907 , Courmayeur , Italy ) was a Dutch jurist , mountaineer and sports shooter .
Arthur Ruysschaert ( born 21 February 1910 in Bruges - died 10 January 1995 in Bruges ) was a Belgian footballer .
João Álvares Fagundes ( born c. 1460 , Kingdom of Portugal , died 1522 , Kingdom of Portugal ) , an explorer and ship owner from Viana do Castelo in Northern Portugal , organized several expeditions to Newfoundland and Nova Scotia around 1520 - 1521 .
On 28 January 1946 Princess Marie Vassiltchikov married U.S. Army Captain Peter Graham Harnden of Military Intelligence ( born in London on 9 April 1913 ) .
Svetislav Stančić ( 7 July 1895 in Zagreb -- 7 January 1970 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian pianist and music pedagogue .
( Cristoforo Maria ) Luigi Canonica ( Tesserete , Canton Ticino , 9 March 1762 -- Milan , 7 February 1844 ) was a Swiss architect and urban planner whose prominent career as an exponent of neoclassicism was spent largely in Milan and Lombardy .
Philipp Ernst , 8th Prince of Hohenlohe - Schillingsfürst ( b. Schillingsfürst , 5 June 1853 - d. Bad Reichenhall , 26 December 1915 ) .
John ( Don Juan ) Forster ( 1814 -- February 20 , 1882 ) was born in England ; became a Mexican citizen of early California , and was one of the largest landowners in California .
Hakon Ahlberg ( June 10 , 1891 , Harplinge -- March 12 , 1984 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish architect , editor and author , best known as the official architect for the repair and restoration of Gripsholm Castle near the town of Mariefred in central Sweden .
Antón Losada Diéguez ( Moldes , ( Boborás ) , Spain on December 22 , 1884 - Pontevedra , Spain , in October 15 , 1929 ) was a writer , Spanish politician , member of the Irmandades da Fala of Ourense , impulsor of the magazine Nós and correspondent of the Royal Galician Academy .
François de Bonal ( b. 1734 at the castle of Bonal , near Agen ; d. in Munich , 1800 ) was Bishop of Clermont .
Laudomia Bonanni was born in 1907 in L’Aquila , the capital city of the mountainous Abruzzo region of Central Italy , located about 60 miles northeast of Rome .
Sigmund Exner ( also Sigmund Exner , Siegmund Exner - Ewarten , Siegmund Exner Ritter von Ewarten ; 5 April 1846 -- 5 February 1926 ) was an Austrian physiologist born in Vienna .
José María Iglesias was born into a wealthy family in Mexico City , but when he was 12 his father died .
Ulrich K. Goldsmith ( 1910 - -2000 ) was an American scholar of literature and emeritus professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
Lothar Baier ( Born Karlsruhe 16 May 1942 : died Montreal 11 July 2004 ) was a German author , publisher , translator and co - founder of the Literary periodical text + kritik .
Samuel Alfred Mitchell ( April 29 , 1874 in Kingston , Ontario , Canada -- February 22 , 1960 in Bloomington , Indiana ) was an astronomer who studied solar eclipses and set up a program to use photographic techniques to determine the distance to stars at McCormick Observatory , where he served as the director .
Marcel Raymond ( December 20 , 1897 in Geneva -- November 28 , 1981 in Geneva ) was a Swiss literary critic who specialized in French literature .
Georg Friedrich Daumer ( Nuremberg , March 5 , 1800 - Würzburg , December 14 , 1875 ) was a German poet and philosopher .
Werner of Oberwesel ( also known as Werner of Bacharach or Werner of Womrath ; b. 1271 in Womrath , Hunsrück ; d. 1287 ) was a 16-year - old boy whose unexplained death was blamed on Jews , leading to revenge killings of Jews across Europe .
Charlie Holmes ( January 27 , 1910 near Boston , Massachusetts -- September 19 , 1985 in Stoughton , Massachusetts ) was an alto jazz saxophonist of the swing era .
Major Teseo Tesei ( 1909 in Elba -- July 26 , 1941 in Malta ) was an Italian naval officer , who invented the human torpedo ( called `` Maiale '' , the Italian for `` pig '' ) used by the Regia Marina during World War II .
Baccio Baldini ( 1436 -- c. 1487 ) was an Italian engraver of the Renaissance , active in his native Florence .
Pieter Lastman was born in Amsterdam , the son of a town - beadle , who was dismissed in 1578 for being a Catholic .
Since 2008 , Brendan Coogan has been a regular and ad hoc presenter on BBC Radio Manchester , notably filling in on The Eamonn O'Neal and Jimmy Wagg Show .
Anthony Günther , Count of Oldenburg ( aka Anton Günther , 10 November 1583 in Oldenburg -- 19 June 1667 in Rastede ) was an Imperial Count and a member of the House of Oldenburg .
Václav Černý , PhD. , ( March 26 , 1905 Jizbice u Náchoda -- July 2 , 1987 Prague ) was a Czech literary scientist , writer and philosopher .
At the Los Angeles Olympics , Emmett Toppino from New Orleans ran the second leg in the American 4x100 m relay team , which won the gold medal with a new world record of 40.0 .
Fernand Deschamps ( July 13 , 1868 in Châtelineau -- March 15 , 1957 in Brussels ) was a Belgian intellectual who participated in the great socio - economic and ethical debates in the first half of the twentieth century .
Wolfgang Foerster ( born 4 August 1875 in Breslau ; died 14 October 1963 in Icking ) was a German officer and military historian .
Clementina Arderiu ( Barcelona , 1889 - -1976 ) was a Spanish poet who wrote in the Catalan language .
Pedro Max Fernando Frontin ( Petrópolis , 8 February 1867 -- Rio de Janeiro , 7 April 1939 ) was an Admiral from the Brazilian Navy .
Lydia Cabrera ( May 20 , 1899 in Havana , Cuba -- September 19 , 1991 in Miami , Florida ) was a Cuban anthropologist and poet .
Michael Furter ( died 1516 or 1517 ) was a printer of incunabula in Basel .
Alfonso de Castro ( 1495 in Zamora , Spain -- February 11 , 1558 in Brussels , Belgium ) , known also as Alphonsus a Castro , was a Franciscan theologian and jurist .
Iain McColl died in his sleep from complications of cancer at 9 p.m. on 4 July 2013 , at the Beatson Clinic in Glasgow , Scotland , at the age of 59 .
Jerzy Jan Lerski ( nom de guerre : Jur ; also known as George Jan Lerski ; was a Polish lawyer , soldier , historian , political scientist and politician . After World War II he emigrated to the United States , where he became a full professor at the University of San Francisco .
Paulo do Rio Branco da Silva Paranhos ( Paris , 10 July 1876 - Paris , February 1927 ) was a French - born Brazilian rugby union player .
Florbela Espanca ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( floɾˈbɛlɐ ( ɨ)ʃˈpɐ̃kɐ ) ; birth name Flor Bela de Alma da Conceição)(Vila Viçosa , December 8 , 1894 -- Matosinhos , December 8 , 1930 ) was a Portuguese poet .
Martin Wegelius ( 10 November 1846 -- 22 March 1906 ) was a Finnish composer and musicologist , primarily remembered as the founder , in 1882 , of the Helsinki Music Institute , now known as the Sibelius Academy .
Hans Clemer was a French painter of Flemish origin who worked most of his career at Piedmont .
Chantal Chaudé de Silans ( 9 March 1919 , Versailles -- 5 September 2001 , Grasse ) was a French chess player and a pioneer of women 's chess .
Dr. Rufus Henry Gilbert ( 1832 - 1885 ) was an American surgeon and inventor , who worked on rapid transit in New York City .
Hermann Föttinger ( 9 February 1877 in Nuremberg -- 28 April 1945 in Berlin ) was a German engineer and inventor .
Henrietta Maria de la Luz Boisier Gatica , known as Malú Gatica ( January 15 , 1922 , Purén -- August 10 , 1997 , Santiago ) was a Chilean actress and singer .
Tan Sri Dato ' Dr Lee Kong Chian ( 18 October 1893 -- 2 June 1967 ) , also known by his alias Lee Geok Kun , was a prominent Chinese businessman and philanthropist active in Malaya and Singapore from the 1930s to the 1960s .
Bartolomeo Bellano , also known as Bartolomeo Vellano , was an Italian renaissance sculptor and architect who was born in Padua in 1437 or 1438 .
Benedict Waldeck ( 1802 - -1870 ) in Berlin ) was a left - leaning deputy in the Prussian National Assembly , and later in the Second Chamber .
Degener Buggenhagen , also spelled Degner Buggenhagen ( died : 16 July 1420 in Garbodenhagen , near Stralsund ) was a German nobleman and Hereditary Lord Marshal of the Duchy of Pomerania - Wolgast .
Pierre Bruno Hugo Fontana otherwise known as Hugo del Carril ( 30 November 1912 -- 13 August 1989 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film actor , film director and tango singer of the classic era .
Wilhelm August Golicke ( Russian : Вильгельм-Август Голике , also Василий Александрович Голике. 1802 , Tallinn or Saint Petersburg - 5 July 1848 , Saint Petersburg ) was a Baltic German painter .
Madeleine de Bourbon - Busset ( 23 March 1898 -- 1 September 1984 in Paris ) was the titular Duchess of Parma ( from 1974 ) and was also Carlist queen of Spain ( from 1952 ) as the consort of Xavier of Bourbon , the Carlist pretender to the Spanish throne .
Father Armand David ( 27 September 1826 Ezpeleta --10 November 1900 in Paris ) , also known in common names by the French Père David , was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist .
Donald Adam Hartman ( August 3 , 1929 -- July 5 , 1996 ) was the 33rd Mayor of Calgary from March 21 , 1989 to October 23 , 1989 .
Bernhardt Jungmann ( 1671 Ronneburg - 1747 Mexico ) was a German botanist who was a professor in Germany and visited America .
Barbara Castle died in Chiltern , Buckinghamshire , on 3 May 2002 , of pneumonia and chronic lung disease .
Walter Dexel ( born 7 February 1890 in Munich , died 8 June 1973 in Braunschweig ) was a German painter , commercial graphic designer , and transportation planner .
Heinrich Wolfgang Ludwig Dohrn ( 16 June 1838 , Braunschweig - 1 October 1913 , Florence ) was a German zoologist , entomologist and malacologist .
Francis Lyman Worden ( October 15 , 1830- February 5 , 1887 ) was a founder and prominent businessman of Missoula , Montana .
Sofia Sergeyevna Trubetskaya or Sophie Troubetskoy ( 25 March 1836 , Moscow -- 8 August 1898 , Madrid ) was a Russian princess .
Mukhayriq was a rabbi who lived in Medina and fought together with Muhammad in the Battle of Uhud on March 19 , 625 ( 3 Shawwal 3 AH in the Islamic calendar ) at the valley located in front of Mount Uhud , in what is now northwestern Arabia .
Baron Zsigmond Forgách de Ghymes et Gács , sometimes Sigismund Forgách ( Slovak : Zigmund Forgáč ; 1559 -- 23 June 1621 , Nagyszombat , today Trnava in Slovakia ) was a Hungarian nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary , who served as Palatine from 11 May 1618 to 23 June 1621 .
Johann Gottfried Brügelmann ( baptized 6 July 1750 in Elberfeld , now a district of Wuppertal - 27 December 1802 , Ratingen ) was a German industrialist , most notable as founded of the first factory on mainland Europe , one of the forerunners of the Industrial Revolution .
Salomon Adler ( before 3 March 1630 -- 1709 in Milan ) was a German painter of the Baroque period , active in Milan and Bergamo as a portrait painter .
Amerigo Bartoli Natinguerra ( Terni , 1890 - Rome , 1971 ) was an Italian painter , caricaturist , and writer .
Adolf Rambold ( born 5 October 1900 in Stuttgart ; died 14 May 1996 in Meerbusch ) was a German inventor and engineer .
Henry Schoenfeld , also spelled Henry Schoenefeld , ( October 4 , 1857 in Milwaukee -- August 4 , 1936 in Los Angeles ) was an American composer .
Sep Ruf ( full name Franz Joseph Ruf ; born 9 March 1908 in Munich ; died 29 July 1982 in Munich ) was a German architect and designer , belonging to the Bauhaus group .
Johann Heinrich Bartholomäus Walter or Johann Heinrich Bartholomäus Walther ( 1734 -- 1802 ) was a German - Estonian master builder who moved to Tartu and built several significant buildings including Tartu Town Hall .
Emanuel van Meteren or Meteeren ( 6 September 1535 -- 11 April 1612 ) was a Flemish historian and Consul for `` the Traders of the Low Countries '' in London .
Eugène Bethmont was born in Paris on 12 March 1804 , son of a baker in the rue du Pont aux choux , in Le Marais .
Manuel de Sarratea , ( Buenos Aires , August 11 , 1774 -- Limoges , France , 21 September 1849 ) , was an Argentine diplomat , politician and soldier .
Pedro de Garibay ( 1729 , Alcalá de Henares , Spain -- July 7 , 1815 , Mexico City ) was a Spanish military officer and , from September 16 , 1808 to July 19 , 1809 , viceroy of New Spain .
Aleksa Simić ( March 18 , 1800 , Boljevci -- March 17 , 1872 , Belgrade ) was a Serbian politician and one of strongest of the Ustavobranioci ( Defenders of the Constitution ) .
May Gorslin Preston Slosson ( 10 September 1858 , Ilion , New York -- 26 November 1943 , Ann Arbor , Michigan ) was an American educator and suffragist .
Pierre de Lagarde Boal ( September 29 , 1895 , Thonon - les - Bains , Haute - Savoie , France -- May 24 , 1966 , Neuilly - sur - Seine , France ) was an American diplomat and aviator .
Nichita Stănescu finished high school in Ploieşti , then went on to study Romanian language and literature in Bucharest , graduating in 1957 .
Harry Hardt ( born Hermann Karl Viktor Klimbacher Edler von Reichswahr , Pula , 4 August 1899 -- Vienna , 14 November 1980 ) was an Austrian actor .
Christopher Slaughterford of London was executed in Guildford July 9 , 1709 , for the murder of Jane Young , his fiancée .
Born into a Protestant family in Paris , Louis Bouyer , after a receiving a degree from the Sorbonne , studied theology with the Protestant faculties of Paris and then Strasbourg .
Vivianna Torun Bülow - Hübe ( born December 4 , 1927 in Malmö -- died July 3 , 2004 in Copenhagen ) , often known simply as Torun , was one of Sweden 's most important 20th century silversmiths and a master jeweller .
Giuseppe Cilento ( July 21 , 1923 in Sorrento , Italy -- October 31 , 1994 in São Paulo ) was a Brazilian chemist who was born in Italy .
Malcolm Stuart Boylan was born in Chicago , Illinois , lived in Los Angeles , California during his writing career , and died in Hollywood , California .
Franz Schulz ( born 22 March 1897 in Prague , Austria - Hungary , died 4 May 1971 , in Muralto , Tessin , Switzerland ) was a playwright and screenwriter who worked from 1920 through 1956 .
Erich Pernice ( 19 December 1864 , Greifswald -- 1 August 1945 , Freest ) was a German classical archaeologist .
Tilman Riemenschneider ( c. 1460 -- 7 July 1531 ) was a German sculptor and woodcarver active in Würzburg from 1483 .
Ferdinand Simoneit ( June 14 , 1925 ; Duisburg -- April 3 , 2010 ; Löffingen ) was a German journalist , author , professor and World War II veteran .
Walther von Wartburg ( -Boos ) ( 18 May 1888 ; Riedholz -- 15 August 1971 ; Basel ) was a Swiss philologist and lexicographer .
Enrique de Borja y Aragón ( born December 19 , 1518 , Gandía - d. September 16 , 1540 , Viterbo ) , was a Spanish noble of the House of Borgia .
Mehmet Atıf Ateşdağlı ( 1876 ; Crete - December 3 , 1947 ; Istanbul ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and of the Turkish Army .
Charles Devendeville ( 8 March 1882 in Lesquin -- 19 September 1914 in Reims ) was a French swimmer and Olympic champion .
Diego Vigil Cocaña ( 1799 , Tegucigalpa , Honduras -- 10 January 1845 , Granada , Nicaragua ) was a Central American politician .
Alfred - Marie Liénard ( April 2 , 1869 in Amiens -- April 29 , 1958 in Paris ) , was a French physicist and engineer .
Jameson Clark ( 1907 , Kirriemuir , Angus , Scotland -- 4 January 1984 , Kilbirnie , Ayrshire , Scotland ) was a Scottish character actor who appeared in 22 films and made many appearances on television .
Guy of Thouars died in 1213 in Chemillé in the county of Maine , and was buried with Constance at Villeneuve Abbey in Les Sorinières outside of Nantes .
Carl Georg Brunius ( 23 March 1793 -- 12 November 1869 ) was a classical scholar , art historian , archaeologist and architect working in the university town of Lund in southern Sweden .
James Edward Carpenter died suddenly while visiting his daughter Mrs. Helen Mosley on August 16 , 1901 in Newburyport , Massachusetts .
Cezar Lăzărescu ( born October 3 , 1923 in Bucharest , Romania - died on November 27 , 1986 in Bucharest , Romania ) was a Romanian architect and urban planner .
Ranbir Singh,(Urdu ; رنبیر سنگھ ) CIE ( August 1830 -- 12 September 1885 ) was the son of Maharaja Gulab Singh , Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir and head of the Jamwal Rajput clan .
Syvert Nicolaas Bastert ( 1854 , Maarssen -- 1939 , Loenen aan de Vecht ) , was a 19th - century Dutch landscape painter , best known for his scenes along the river Vecht .
August Borms ( 14 April 1878 in Sint - Niklaas -- 12 April 1946 in Etterbeek ) was a Flemish nationalist politician active in Belgium during the first half of the twentieth century .
Petras Ciunis ( June 26 , 1898 in Perloja -- December 29 , 1979 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian army officer , educator .
Johann Friedrich Thilo Irmisch ( 14 January 1816 in Sondershausen -- 28 April 1879 in Sondershausen ) was a 19th - century German botanist .
Simeon Solomon ( 9 October 1840 , No . 3 Sandys Street , Bishopsgate , London -- 14 August 1905 , St. Giles 's Workhouse , Endell Street , London ) was an English Pre - Raphaelite painter .
Karl Jelinek ( 23 April 1822 , Brünn -- 19 October 1876 , Vienna ) was an Austrian physicist and meteorologist .
Wilhelm Franz Karl Ludwig Dill ( 2 February 1848 , Gernsbach - 24 October 1940 , Karlsruhe ) was a German ship and landscape painter who was a founding member of the Munich Secession .
Marquis Dino Perrone Compagni ( born 22 October 1879 in Florence - died 5 January 1950 in Florence ) was a leading figure in the early years of Italian fascism .
Lillie Hayward ( September 12 , 1891 -- June 29 , 1977 ) was an American screenwriter whose Hollywood career began during the silent era and continued well into the age of television .
Enrico Reycend ( Turin , November 3 , 1855 -- Turin , February 21 , 1928 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes and vedute .
Hanns Heinz Ewers ( 3 November 1871 in Düsseldorf -- 12 June 1943 in Berlin ) was a German actor , poet , philosopher , and writer of short stories and novels .
Arnold Scholz ( December 24 , 1904 in Berlin -- February 1 , 1942 in Flensburg ) was a German mathematician who proved Scholz 's reciprocity law and introduced the Scholz conjecture .
Maurice Fernez ( 30 August 1885 - 31 January 1952 , Alfortville , Paris , France ) was a French inventor and pioneer in the field of underwater breathing apparatus , respirators and gas masks .
Amadeo Bordiga remained with the International Communist Party until his death at Formia in 1970 .
Francesco Saverio Salfi or Franco Salfi ( Cosenza , 24 January 1759 -- Paris , 1832 ) was an Italian writer , politician and librettist .
Emmanuel Carasso or Emanuel Karasu ( 1862 in Salonica -- 1934 in Trieste ) was a lawyer and a member of the prominent Sephardic Jewish Carasso family of Ottoman Salonica ( now Thessaloniki , Greece ) .
Ferry de Clugny , Cardinal and Bishop of Tournai ( Autun ca . 1430 -- Rome 7 October 1483 ) was a highly placed statesman and ecclesiastic in the service of the Dukes of Burgundy .
Conrad Marca - Relli ( born Corrado Marcarelli ; June 5 , 1913 Boston -- August 29 , 2000 Parma ) was an American artist who belonged to the early generation of New York School Abstract Expressionist artists whose artistic innovation by the 1950s had been recognized across the Atlantic , including Paris .
Roberto Gavaldón ( born June 7 , 1909 in Jiménez , Chihuahua -- died September 4 , 1986 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican film director .
Pierre Nolf ( Ypres , 26 July 1873-Brussels , 14 September 1953 ) was a Belgian scientist and politician .
Adolfo Targioni Tozzetti ( 13 February 1823 , Florence -- 18 September 1902 ) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Sternorrhyncha .
Louis Dega ( born 1890 , Marseilles , France -- died 1945 , French Guiana ) was a prisoner in the French Guiana penitentiary of Devil 's Island .
Matija Vuković ( Platičevo , 26 July 1925 -- Belgrade , 21 June 1985 ) was a Serbian sculptor .
Penelope Delta ( Greek : Πηνελόπη Δέλτα ; 1874 , Alexandria , Khedivate of Egypt -- 2 May 1941 , Athens ) was a Greek author of teenage literature .
Robert Edeson ( June 3 , 1868 , in New Orleans , Louisiana -- March 24 , 1931 , in Hollywood , California ) was an American movie and stage actor of the silent era .
Juriaen van Streeck or Juriaan van Streek ( Amsterdam , 29 February 1632 -- buried 12 June 1687 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes .
Albert Tafel ( born 6 November 1876 in Stuttgart , died 19 April 1935 in Heidelberg ) was a German geographer , doctor and explorer .
Gérard Edelinck ( 20 October 1640 ( baptized ) -- 2 April 1707 ) was a copper - plate engraver and print publisher of Flemish origin , who worked in Paris from 1666 and became a naturalized French citizen in 1675 .
Alfrēds Hartmanis ( November 1 , 1881 , Riga , Latvia - July 27 , 1927 , Riga , Latvia ) was a Latvian chess player who won the Baltic Chess Congress in 1913 .
He was an uncle of the national councilor and mayor of Solothurn Wilhelm Vigier ( 1839 - 1908 ) .
Ferdinand Johann Wiedemann ( 30 March ( O.S. 18 March ) 1805 in Hapsal ( now Haapsalu ) -- 29 December ( O.S. 17 December ) 1887 in Saint Petersburg ) was an Estonian linguist who researched Uralic languages , mostly Estonian .
Eugen Habermann ( October 19 , 1884 in Tallinn , Estonia - September 17 , 1944 in Gdańsk Bay , Poland ) was an Estonian architect .
Gustav von Rohden ( 22 April 1855 , Barmen -- 9 May 1942 , Ballenstedt ) was a German clergyman and the author of books on various social issues ( the welfare of former prisoners , sexual ethics , etc . ) .
Patrick Van Antwerpen is a Belgian author - filmmaker born on 17 May 1944 in Ixelles ( Brussels ) and deceased in this commune on 3 December 1990 .
Johann Nordmann ( born Rumpelmayer , also published as Johannes Nordmann and under the pseudonym H. Naudh , March 13 , 1820 in Landersdorf , now Krems an der Donau -- August 20 , 1887 in Vienna ) was an Austrian journalist and travel writer .
Fazıl Küçük ( Turkish pronunciation : ( faˈzɯl cyˈt͡ʃyc ) ; 14 March 1906 in Nicosia -- 15 January 1984 in London ) was the first Vice President of the Republic of Cyprus .
Valentin Yoskov ( Bulgarian : Валентин Йосков ; born 5 June 1998 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a forward for Cherno More Varna .
Tal Makhlouf ( Hebrew : טל מכלוף‎ ; born 31 August 1991 ) is an Israeli football center defender .
Josep Seguer Sans ( 6 May 1923 -- 1 January 2014 ) was a Spanish football defender and manager .
Andreas Vasilogiannis ( Greek : Ανδρέας Βασιλόγιαννης ; born 21 February 1991 ) is a Greek football player currently playing for Cypriot First Division side Ermis Aradippou as a Right midfielder .
Marc Laniel ( born January 16 , 1968 in Oshawa , Ontario and raised in Scarborough , Ontario ) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman .
Peter Schibetta is a fictional character on the HBO series Oz , portrayed by Eddie Malavarca .
Count Dooku is a fictional character from the Star Wars franchise , appearing as the primary antagonist in Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the Clones and a supporting antagonist in Star Wars Episode III :
Croc Master is a character from the G.I. Joe : A Real American Hero toyline and comic book series .
Janet Dillon ( maiden name Marlowe , previously Green , and often referred to as Janet from Another Planet ) is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera All My Children .
Tia Dalma , played by Naomie Harris , is a fictional character from the movie Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man 's Chest and a primary character in the movie Pirates of the Caribbean :
Heber the Kenite ( Hebrew : חבר הקיני‎ ) was , according to the Book of Judges in the Tanakh and the Bible , a descendant of Reuel the Midianite , the father - in - law of Moses .
Catherine Tramell is a fictional character in the 1992 film Basic Instinct and its sequel , Basic Instinct 2 .
Lord Alex Oakwell is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale , played by Rupam Maxwell .
Jesse McGregor is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away , played by actor Ben Unwin .
Chloe Sullivan is a fictional character in the television series Smallville , which is based on the Superman and Superboy comics published by DC Comics .
Kobol is a planet in the fictional Battlestar Galactica universe .
Count von Count , often known simply as `` the Count '' or `` Count Count '' , is one of the Muppet characters on Sesame Street .
Grace Van Pelt is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama The Mentalist , portrayed by Amanda Righetti .
Rebecca von Lahnstein is a character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) .
Lucinda Walsh ( born Mary Ellen Walters ; formerly Guest , Esteban , Dixon , Stenbeck and Wheatley ) is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera As the World Turns .
Tama Hudson is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by David Wikaira - Paul from 2001 to 2006 .
Nicola King ( née Blackstock ; previously De Souza ) is a fictional character in the ITV soap opera , Emmerdale .
The story of Dushyanta 's encounter , marriage , separation and reunion with his queen , Shakuntala , has been immortalized in the Mahabharata and in The Recognition of Shakuntala by the great Sanskrit poet Kalidas .
In For Your Eyes Only , Bill Tanner ( now played by James Villiers due to Michael Goodliffe 's death in 1976 ) is given a bigger role , as Bernard Lee , who played M , had died .
Théodred is a fictional character in The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Bradley Foster was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs , played by Harry Capehorn from 2004 to 2005 .
Jorah Mormont , nicknamed Jorah the Andal is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin , and its television adaptation Game of Thrones .
Clark Green is a fictional character on the U.S. comedy television series The Office .
Sofia Curtis is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama , CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , portrayed by British actress Louise Lombard .
Jeffrey Sinclair is a character in the fictional universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 , played by actor Michael O'Hare .
Iago is a fictional character in Shakespeare 's Othello ( c. 1601 - -1604 ) .
Chronologically , Skywarp made his first appearance in The Transformers :
Revolver Ocelot is a recurring character in Konami 's Metal Gear series .
Actor Brent Stait played Kent Nelson / Doctor Fate in the Smallville two - part episode `` Absolute Justice '' , with Erica Carroll as Inza Nelson .
Petruchio ( an anglicisation of the Italian name Petruccio ; Italian pronunciation : ( peˈtruttʃo ) ) is the male romantic lead in Shakespeare 's The Taming of the Shrew ( c. 1590 - -1594 ) .
Hua Xiren ( simplified Chinese : 花袭人 ; traditional Chinese : 花襲人 ; pinyin : Huā Xírén ) is a major fictional character from the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
Boaz ( /ˈboʊ.æz/ ; Modern Hebrew : בועז Bốʿaz ; Massoretical Hebrew : בֹּ֫עַז Bṓʿaz ; Hebrew pronunciation : ( ˈboːʕaz ) ) is a major figure in the Book of Ruth in the Bible .
Ellen Crozier is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street , who was portrayed by Robyn Malcolm for nearly 6 years in the mid to late nineties .
Alexandra Spaulding ( formerly von Halkein , Thorpe and Foley ) , affectionately known by family and friends as Alex , is a fictional character on CBS 's daytime drama Guiding Light .
Paul Ryan and Meg Snyder are fictional characters and a popular couple on the American soap opera As the World Turns .
Elliot Stabler is a fictional character portrayed by Christopher Meloni and one of the lead characters on the NBC police procedural series Law & Order : Special Victims Unit during the first twelve seasons .
Bhurishravas ( Sanskrit : भूरिश्रवस् / भूरिश्र्वा ) was a prince of a minor kingdom in the kingdom of Bahlika and played a role in the Mahabharata epic .
Sheng Long is a character hoax related to the Street Fighter series , created by Electronic Gaming Monthly ( EGM ) as an April Fool 's gag in 1992 ( in an issue published mid - February ) .
Quintus Valerius Pompey is a fictional character in the HBO / BBC2 original television series , Rome , played by Rick Warden .
A Moral Conjugal is a 2012 Portuguese drama film directed by Artur Serra Araújo and starring Dinarte Branco , São José Correia and José Wallenstein .
Amor de otoño ( English language : Love of Autumn ) is a 1996 Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by José Conrado Castelli .
Con Safos is the second and last album by Ruben and the Jets , recorded in 1974 as a follow - up to their 1973 debut For Real ! , which was produced by Frank Zappa ( whose 1968 album Cruising with Ruben & the Jets was the source for the band 's name ) .
The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 American animated adventure comedy film based on the Fox television series The Simpsons .
Rest on Your Shoulder ( Chinese : 肩上蝶 ) is a 2011 Chinese fantasy film created by Ning Bei Dao Cao Jia Cou Television Planning Co . LTD and released by EDKO Film Ltd ..
Ledfeather is a 2008 novel by Native American author Stephen Graham Jones , published by FC2 ( Fiction Collective Two ) .
Dragon Oath , also known as Tian Long Ba Bu ( abbreviation : TLBB ) in China , is a free - to - play MMORPG developed and published by Changyou.com and Sohu and launched in May 2007 .
The Journal of Web Semantics is an interdisciplinary peer - reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier .
After Burner II is an arcade - style flight game released by Sega in 1987 .
KAtomic is a simple educational puzzle game that is part of the game package which ships with the KDE desktop environment .
Glitter in the Gutter is singer - songwriter Jesse Malin 's third studio album , released on Adeline Records on March 20 , 2007 .
`` I 'm on a Roll '' is Stefano 's first single after being signed to Hollywood Records .
`` Gon na Give Her All the Love I 've Got '' is a 1967 Soul song , originally recorded and made a hit by Jimmy Ruffin on Motown Records ' `` Soul '' Label imprint .
Night of the Furies is The Rosebuds ' third album , released April 10 , 2007 on Merge Records .
Under the Red Sky is the twenty - seventh studio album by American singer - songwriter Bob Dylan , released on September 10 , 1990 by Columbia Records .
Your Highness is a 2011 American fantasy stoner comedy film directed by David Gordon Green , and stars Danny McBride , James Franco , Natalie Portman , Zooey Deschanel and Justin Theroux .
Dialogue with the Carmelites ( French : Le dialogue des Carmélites , Italian : I dialoghi delle Carmelitane , also known as The Carmelites ) is a 1960 French - Italian historical drama film written and directed by Raymond Léopold Bruckberger and Philippe Agostini .
Den nye lægen ( English : The new doctor ) is a 1943 Norwegian drama film directed by Rasmus Breistein , starring Jon Lennart Mjøen .
Wicked Stepmother is a 1989 American comedy film written , produced , and directed by Larry Cohen .
Dash Akol ( in Persian : داش آکُل ) is a 1971 Iranian drama film directed by Masoud Kimiai .
Days of Inspector Ambrosio ( Italian : I giorni del commissario Ambrosio ) is a 1988 Italian crime film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
Typhon sur Nagasaki ( English : Typhoon Over Nagasaki ) is a French drama romance film from 1957 , directed by Yves Ciampi , written by Jean - Charles Tacchella , starring Jean Marais .
Sugar Cane Alley ( French title : La Rue Cases - Nègres ) is a 1983 film directed by Euzhan Palcy .
Moscow Elegy ( Russian : Московская элегия ) is a 1988 documentary film directed by Alexander Sokurov , about the later life and death of Soviet Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky .
The Final Game is a German thriller film directed by Sigi Rothemund , it was written by Timo Berndt and Borris Brandt .
When the Day Breaks is a Canadian animated short co - directed by Wendy Tilby and Amanda Forbis .
Hobo with a Shotgun is a 2011 Canadian exploitation action dark comedy - thriller film directed by Jason Eisener and written by John Davies , starring Rutger Hauer .
Katanga Business is a 2009 film by Belgian director Thierry Michel that explores the mining industry in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Larry Semon - The Head Waiter Oliver Hardy - A Cop ( as Babe Hardy ) Lucille Carlisle - Cashier ( as Lucille Zintheo )
Fireworks , Should We See It from the Side or the Bottom ? ( 打ち上げ花火、下から見るか ? 横から見るか ? ) , usually called Fireworks , is a 1993 Japanese film by writer / director Shunji Iwai .
I Killed My Mother ( French : J'ai tué ma mère ) is a 2009 Quebec biographical drama film written and directed by Xavier Dolan .
Johnny Suede is a 1991 American film the directorial debut of Tom DiCillo , and stars Brad Pitt and Catherine Keener , with early appearances of Samuel L. Jackson and Nick Cave .
Woman Between Wolf and Dog ( Dutch : Een vrouw tussen hond en wolf , French : Femme entre chien et loup ) is a 1979 Belgian - French drama film directed by André Delvaux .
Cara sposa ( Dear Wife ) is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile .
Cabezas cortadas ( Portuguese : Cabeças Cortadas ) is a 1970 Spanish - Brazilian drama film directed by Glauber Rocha .
S.O.S. Eisberg ( S.O.S. Iceberg ) is a 1933 German - US drama film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Gustav Diessl , Leni Riefenstahl , Sepp Rist , Gibson Gowland , Rod La Roque , and Ernst Udet .
Robert Chiappetta and Glen Whitman co - wrote `` And Those We 've Left Behind '' , while Brad Anderson directed .
Nina 's Journey ( Swedish : Ninas resa , Polish : Podróż Niny ) is a 2005 Polish - Swedish drama film written and directed by Lena Einhorn .
An Episode in the Life of an Iron Picker ( Bosnian : Epizoda u životu berača željeza ) is 2013 Bosnian drama film directed by Danis Tanović .
The Man Who Quit Smoking ( Swedish : Mannen som slutade röka ) is a 1972 Swedish comedy film directed by Tage Danielsson , starring Gösta Ekman , Grynet Molvig , Carl - Gustaf Lindstedt and Gunn Wållgren .
Underworld U.S.A. ( also known as Underworld USA ) is a 1961 American neo - noir film produced , written and directed by Samuel Fuller .
Poverty and Nobility ( Italian : Miseria e nobiltà ) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò .
Thirty Seconds of Love ( Italian : Trenta secondi d'amore ) is a 1936 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Nino Besozzi , Elsa Merlini and Enrico Viarisio .
Return to Ithaca ( French : Retour à Ithaque ) is a 2014 comedy - drama film directed by Laurent Cantet .
Kärlekens decimaler ( English : Love decimals ) is a 1960 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman .
A Short Film About Love ( Polish : Krótki film o miłości ) is a Polish romantic drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Grażyna Szapołowska and Olaf Lubaszenko .
The Isle is a 2000 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Ki - duk .
The Girl from Monday is a 2005 American film directed by Hal Hartley .
Curse of the Golden Flower ( Chinese : 滿城盡帶黃金甲 ; pinyin : Mǎnchéngjìndàihuángjīnjiǎ ) is a 2006 Chinese epic drama film written and directed by Zhang Yimou .
Cry - Baby is a 1990 American teen musical romantic comedy film written and directed by John Waters .
Lola Colt ( also known as Black Tigress and Lola Baby ) is a 1967 Spaghetti Western film directed by Siro Marcellini .
The Lady of Monza ( Italian : La monaca di Monza , also known as The Awful Story of the Nun of Monza and The Nun of Monza ) is a 1969 Italian historical drama film directed by Eriprando Visconti .
Love Me Not ( Hangul : 사랑따윈 필요없어 ; RR : Sarang ddawin piryo eopseo ; literally `` Love and Such Is Not Necessary '' ) is a 2006 South Korean romance film directed by Lee Cheol - ha and starring Moon Geun - young and Kim Joo - hyuk .
Grandpa 's Journey ( Swedish : Morfars resa ) is a 1993 Swedish drama film directed by Staffan Lamm .
The Monuments Men is a 2014 American - German war film directed by George Clooney , written and produced by Clooney and Grant Heslov .
The Auntie from Chicago ( Greek : Η θεία από το Σικάγο ; also known Aunt from Chicago ) is a 1957 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios and produced by Finos Films .
All About Eve is a 1950 American drama film written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck .
Bubba Ho - Tep is a 2002 American comedy horror film written , co - produced and directed by Don Coscarelli .
Poor Cow is a 1967 British drama film , directed by Ken Loach and based on Nell Dunn 's novel of the same name .
Elskere ( English : Lovers ) is a 1963 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller , starring Ingerid Vardund and Wenche Myhre .
Sex Quartet ( Italian : Le fate , ' the fairies ' ) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli , Mauro Bolognini , Antonio Pietrangeli and Luciano Salce .
Things to Come ( also known in promotional material as H. G. Wells ' Things to Come ) is a 1936 British black - and - white science fiction film from United Artists , produced by Alexander Korda , directed by William Cameron Menzies , and written by H. G. Wells .
Häxan ( Danish title : Heksen ; English title : The Witches or Witchcraft Through the Ages ) is a 1922 Swedish - Danish silent film written and directed by Benjamin Christensen .
The Queen of Navarre ( Italian : La regina di Navarra ) is a 1942 Italian historical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Elsa Merlini , Gino Cervi and Renato Cialente .
The Eagleman Stag is a 9-minute long stop motion animated film by Michael Please .
Dove vai tutta nuda ? , internationally released as Where Are You Going All Naked ? , is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile .
Keep Your Powder Dry is a 1945 drama film starring Lana Turner , Susan Peters , and Laraine Day as women who join the Women 's Army Corps during World War II . The film was directed by Edward Buzzell and written by George Bruce and Mary C. McCall , Jr.
Fred Olen Ray was the producer for all three of Steve Latshaw 's films , and Patrick Moran , who played Jack - O , had writing credits on all three as well .
Karin Daughter of Ingmar ( Swedish : Karin Ingmarsdotter ) is a 1920 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström .
The Birch Wood ( Polish : Brzezina ) is a 1970 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on a novel by Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz .
Dangerous Number is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and written by Carey Wilson .
Luna e l'altra is a 1996 Italian fantasy film directed , written and starred by Maurizio Nichetti .
Guilty as Sin is a 1993 courtroom drama thriller film written by Larry Cohen , directed by Sidney Lumet and produced by Martin Ransohoff .
Time Bandits is a 1981 British fantasy film co - written , produced , and directed by Terry Gilliam , and starring Sean Connery , John Cleese , Shelley Duvall , Ralph Richardson , Katherine Helmond , Ian Holm , Michael Palin , David Warner , and Craig Warnock .
Tiny Times 3 ( Chinese : 小时代:刺金时代 ) is a 2014 Chinese film written and directed by Guo Jingming and a sequel to 2013 's film Tiny Times 2 .
Summer Lovers is a 1982 romance film written and directed by Randal Kleiser , starring Peter Gallagher , Daryl Hannah and Valerie Quennessen .
It was written and directed by Gregory Widen , and is the first motion picture of The Prophecy series including four sequels .
Reign Over Me is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Mike Binder , and produced by his brother Jack Binder .
Humain , trop humain is a French documentary film by Louis Malle about the operations of a Citroën car production plant .
Les Amants du Pont - Neuf ( French pronunciation : ​(lez‿amɑ̃ dy pɔ̃ nœf ) ) is a 1991 French film directed by Leos Carax , starring Juliette Binoche and Denis Lavant .
In My Skin ( French : Dans ma peau ) is a 2002 New French Extremity film written by , directed by , and starring Marina de Van .
Secret Agent Super Dragon ( also known as New York chiama Superdrago , which translates as New York calls Superdragon ) is a 1966 French , Spanish and Italian international co - production Eurospy film , directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Ray Danton as the titular secret agent .
Flight of Fury is a 2007 American action film directed by Michael Keusch , and written by Joe Halpin and Steven Seagal , who also starred in the lead role .
Side Street Story ( Italian : Napoli milionaria ( ˈnaːpoli miljoˈnaːrja ) , meaning `` Millionaire Naples '' ) is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Eduardo De Filippo .
Set Fire to the Stars is a 2014 British semi - biographical drama film directed by Andy Goddard in his directorial debut .
`` The Year of the Fin '' was written by creator Mitch Glazer and directed by Carl Franklin .
Cléo from 5 to 7 ( French : Cléo de 5 à 7 ) is a 1962 Left Bank film by Agnès Varda .
The Iron Crown ( Italian : La corona di ferro ) is a 1941 Italian adventure written and directed by Alessandro Blasetti , starring Massimo Girotti and Gino Cervi .
Christopher 's House ( Swedish : Kristoffers hus ) is a 1979 Swedish drama film directed by Lars Lennart Forsberg .
Manhandled is a 1949 film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster , and starring Dorothy Lamour , Dan Duryea , and Sterling Hayden , and based on the 1945 novel The Man Who Stole a Dream by L. S. Goldsmith .
Son cartas de amor ( Spanish : Novios para las muchachas ) is a 1943 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Amelia Bence .
The Man Who Loves ( Italian : L'uomo che ama ) is a 2008 Italian romance - drama film directed by Maria Sole Tognazzi .
Thalapathi ( English : Commander ) is a 1991 Indian Tamil crime - drama film written and directed by Mani Ratnam and produced by G. Venkateswaran .
Jazzgossen ( `` The jazz boy '' ) is a 1958 Swedish musical film directed by Hasse Ekman .
The Elusive Pimpernel is a 1950 British period adventure film by the British - based director - writer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger , based on the novel The Scarlet Pimpernel ( 1905 ) by Baroness Emmuska Orczy .
Last Known Address ( French : Dernier domicile connu ) is a 1970 French - Italian film directed by José Giovanni .
A Mysterious Portrait ( French : Le Portrait mystérieux ) , also known as The Mysterious Portrait , is an 1899 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Facing Windows ( Italian : La finestra di fronte ) is a 2003 Italian movie directed by Ferzan Özpetek .
Higglety Pigglety Pop ! or There Must Be More to Life is a 2010 live - action / animated short film about the fictional adventures of Maurice Sendak 's pet dog Jennie , based on his 1967 children 's book of the same name .
The inspiration of Sia , le rêve du python is a seventh - century myth of the Wagadu people of Western Africa , which was adapted into the play La légende du Wagudu vue par Sia Yatabéré by Mauritanian writer Moussa Diagana .
Looking for Fidel is a documentary film by Oliver Stone , released in 2004 .
Multiple Maniacs is a 1970 American comedy film by American cult filmmaker John Waters ; his second feature film .
Sue Lost in Manhattan , also known as Sue , is a 1998 American drama film directed by Amos Kollek .
Drôle de Félix ( named The Adventures of Felix in English ; the title literally means Comedy of Félix or Amazing Félix ) is a 2000 French film , a road movie written and directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau .
Hail the Artist ( French : Salut l'artiste , Italian : L'idolo della città ) is a 1973 French - Italian comedy film directed by Yves Robert .
The Cable Guy is a 1996 American satirical black comedy film directed by Ben Stiller , who also co - stars in the film .
The Man Who Understood Women is a 1959 American drama film written and directed by Nunnally Johnson from a novel by Romain Gary , and starring Henry Fonda , Leslie Caron , Renate Hoy and Cesare Danova .
The Battle of the Villa Fiorita is a 1965 British - American drama film , based on the novel by Rumer Godden , directed by Delmer Daves .
The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant ( German : Die bitteren Tränen der Petra von Kant ) is a 1972 German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder , based on his own play .
Brotherhood of Blades ( Chinese : 绣春刀 ; pinyin : Xiùchūndāo ) is a 2014 Chinese wuxia film directed by Lu Yang .
Stop Making Sense is a 1984 concert movie featuring a live performance by Talking Heads .
On May 10 , 2012 , two weeks after Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation announced production of The Smurfs 2 , Variety reported that writers Karey Kirkpatrick and Chris Poche were developing a script for The Smurfs 3 , which was set for release on July 24 , 2015 , and later rescheduled for August 14 , 2015 .
Friends with Money is a 2006 comedy - drama film written and directed by Nicole Holofcener .
The Inbetweeners Movie is a 2011 British coming - of - age comedy film based on the E4 sitcom The Inbetweeners , written by series creators Damon Beesley and Iain Morris and directed by Ben Palmer .
The Miracle of Morgan 's Creek is a 1944 screwball comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges , starring Eddie Bracken and Betty Hutton , and featuring Diana Lynn , William Demarest and Porter Hall .
Esther Kahn is the first English - language film by the French director Arnaud Desplechin .
Kull the Conqueror is a 1997 fantasy film about the Robert E. Howard character Kull starring Kevin Sorbo .
Brancaleone at the Crusades ( Italian : Brancaleone alle Crociate ) is an Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli in 1970 , the sequel of the famous L'armata Brancaleone .
Me , Me , Me ... and the Others ( Italian : Io , io , io ... e gli altri ) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti .
Maryam and Mitil ( Persian : مریم و میتیل‎ ) is a 1993 Iranian written and directed by Fathali Oveisi , starring Afsaneh Bayegan , Hamid Jebeli , Hamideh Kheirabadi , Niyaz Taremi , Parviz Shafi'Zadeh and Mohammad Varshochi .
The film was adapted by Harry Carr , Forrest Halsey , Agnes Christine Johnston , and Edwin Justus Mayer from the novel The Divine Lady : a Romance of Nelson and Emma Hamilton by E. Barrington .
Ma petite entreprise ( English : My Little Business ) is a 1999 French film directed by Pierre Jolivet and written by Jolivet and Simon Michaël .
OceanWorld 3D is a 2009 documentary by Jean - Jacques Mantello .
Body Heat is a 1981 American neo - noir erotic thriller film written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan .
The Sucker ( French : Le Corniaud , French pronunciation : ​(lə kɔʁˈnjo ) ) is a French , Italian and Spanish comedy film by Gérard Oury starring Louis de Funès and Bourvil .
The Homestretch is a 1947 American drama film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and written by Wanda Tuchock .
Tarzan Escapes is a 1936 Tarzan film based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs .
Flickan från tredje raden ( English : The Girl from the Third Row ) is a 1949 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman .
How I Won the War is a black comedy film directed and produced by Richard Lester , released in 1967 , based on a novel of the same name by Patrick Ryan .
Geri 's Game is a 1997 computer animated short film made by Pixar , written and directed by Jan Pinkava .
Death Carries a Cane ( Italian title : Passi di danza su una lama di rasoio ; UK title : Maniac At Large ) is a 1973 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Pradeaux .
The Nines ( stylized as The NIN9S ) is a 2007 science fantasy film written and directed by John August and starring Ryan Reynolds , Hope Davis , Melissa McCarthy , and Elle Fanning .
The Invisible War is a 2012 documentary film written and directed by Kirby Dick and produced by Amy Ziering and Tanner King Barklow about sexual assault in the United States military .
One Night at McCool 's is a 2001 American crime comedy film written by Stan Seidel , directed by Harald Zwart , and starring Liv Tyler , Matt Dillon , Paul Reiser , John Goodman , Michael Douglas , and Andrew Silverstein .
Tetro is a 2009 American - Argentine drama film written , directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Vincent Gallo , Alden Ehrenreich and Maribel Verdú .
Office Romance ( Russian : Служебный роман , translit . Sluzhebnyy roman ) is a Soviet comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov .
Fellow Citizen ( Persian : همشهری , Hamshahri‎ ) is a 1983 Iranian documentary film directed by Abbas Kiarostami .
Shopgirl is a 2005 American romantic drama film directed by Anand Tucker and starring Steve Martin , Claire Danes , and Jason Schwartzman .
The Beautiful Person ( French : La belle personne ) is a 2008 French drama television film directed by Christophe Honoré .
Daddy 's Little Girls is a 2007 romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by Tyler Perry and produced by Perry and Reuben Cannon .
I camionisti ( The Truckers ) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini and starred by the comedy duo Gigi e Andrea .
Milana ( Rendezvous ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language drama film co - written and directed by Prakash , starring Puneeth Rajkumar , Pooja gandhi and Parvathy in the lead roles .
The Music According to Antonio Carlos Jobim ( Portuguese : A Música Segundo Tom Jobim ) is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film , directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos and Dora Jobim that tells the history of the singer and songwriter Tom Jobim .
Kings of the Road ( German : I m Lauf der Zeit ) is a 1976 German road movie directed by Wim Wenders .
Teesri Manzil ( English : `` Third Floor '' ) is a 1966 Bollywood musical thriller directed by Vijay Anand and produced by Nasir Hussain .
Brice de Nice is a 2005 French comedy film directed by James Huth , written by Huth , Jean Dujardin , and Karine Angeli , and starring Dujardin .
The Master of Disguise is a 2002 Australian / British / American comedy fantasy film directed by Perry Andelin Blake in his directorial debut and written by Dana Carvey and Harris Goldberg .
Lui è peggio di me ( He is worse than me ) is a 1984 Italian comedy film directed by Enrico Oldoini .
The Princess of Montpensier ( French : La princesse de Montpensier ) is a 2010 French period romance film directed by Bertrand Tavernier , inspired by a short story anonymously published by Madame de La Fayette .
10:30 P.M. Summer is a 1966 American drama film directed by Jules Dassin , husband of star Melina Mercouri .
Under the Roofs of Paris ( French : Sous les toits de Paris ) is a 1930 French film directed by René Clair .
Natura contro ( English : Against Nature ) , also known in English as The Green Inferno and Cannibal Holocaust II , is a 1988 Italian cannibal film directed by mondo director Antonio Climati .
The Avenger of Venice ( Italian : Il ponte dei sospiri , Spanish : El puente de los suspiros , French : Le pont des soupirs ) is a 1964 Italian - French - Spanish adventure film written and directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Brett Halsey and Gianna Maria Canale .
Robot Stories is a 2003 American independent anthology science fiction comedy - drama film written and directed by Greg Pak .
The Criminal Life of Archibaldo de la Cruz ( original Spanish title : Ensayo de un Crimen ) is a 1955 Mexican film by Spanish - born writer - director Luis Buñuel .
A Dangerous Toy ( originally titled Il giocattolo ) is a 1979 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo .
The Last Step ( Persian : پله آخر ) is Ali Mosaffa 's second feature film following Portrait of a Lady Far Away ( 2005 ) featuring Leila Hatami , Ali Mosaffa , and Alireza Aghakhani .
For One Thousand Dollars Per Day ( Italian : Per mille dollari al giorno , Spanish : Por mil dólares al día , also known as Renegade Gunfighter ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Silvio Amadio .
Watering the Flowers ( French : L'Arroseur ) was an 1896 French short comedy film directed by Georges Méliès .
Delamu ( simplified Chinese : 茶马古道:德拉姆 ; traditional Chinese : 茶馬古道:德拉姆 ; pinyin : Cha ma gudao : de la mu ) is an award winning 2004 documentary film directed by the acclaimed Fifth Generation Chinese filmmaker , Tian Zhuangzhuang .
Winter Holidays ( Italian : Vacanze d'inverno ) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Giuliano Carnimeo ( collaborating director ) , based on story by Oreste Biancoli .
Addams Family Reunion is a 1998 film based on The Addams Family television series ( which was in turn based on the cartoons of Charles Addams ) .
Glumov 's Diary ( Дневник Глумова ) , a 1923 Soviet short silent film , is the first film directed by Sergei Eisenstein .
Bryllupsfesten ( English : The wedding party ) is a 1989 Norwegian comedy film written by Petter Vennerød , and directed by Vennerød and Svend Wam , starring Knut Husebø and Eli Anne Linnestad .
Poojai ( English : Veneration ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil masala film directed by Hari and produced by Vishal , who himself plays the lead role alongside an ensemble cast featuring Shruti Haasan , Sathyaraj , Raadhika Sarathkumar and Mukesh Tiwari .
The Curse of the Jade Scorpion is a 2001 crime comedy film written by , directed by , and starring Woody Allen .
Crime at the Chinese Restaurant ( Italian : Delitto al ristorante cinese ) is a 1981 Italian `` poliziottesco''-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci .
I Vitelloni ( Italian pronunciation : ( i vitelˈloːni ) ) is a 1953 Italian comedy - drama directed by Federico Fellini from a screenplay by Fellini , Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli .
Made in Britain is a 1983 British television play written by David Leland , and directed by Alan Clarke , about a 16-year - old racist skinhead named Trevor , and his constant confrontations with authority figures .
The Seven Year Itch is a 1955 American romantic comedy film based on a three - act play with the same name by George Axelrod .
The Inheritance or Fuckoffguysgoodday ( Czech : Dědictví aneb Kurvahošigutntag ) is a 1992 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Věra Chytilová .
The Dark House ( Polish : Dom zły ) is a 2009 Polish horror / drama film directed by Wojciech Smarzowski .
Your Face is a 1987 animated short film by Bill Plympton .
Bank Shot is a 1974 film directed by Gower Champion and written by Wendell Mayes .
La sbandata is a 1974 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Alfredo Malfatti ( supervised by Salvatore Samperi ) .
Tiny Furniture is a 2010 American independent comedy - drama written by , directed by , and starring Lena Dunham .
London River is a 2009 British drama film , written and produced by Franco - Algerian film director Rachid Bouchareb .
All These Women ( Swedish : För att inte tala om alla dessa kvinnor ) , originally released as Now About These Women in the UK , is a 1964 Swedish comedy film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
A Flat for Three , originally known as Posti in piedi in paradiso , is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone .
Innocence Unprotected is a compilation film by Yugoslavian director Dušan Makavejev .
Desmond 's Trashed Apple Tree ( Swedish : Desmonds trashade äppelträd ) is a 2004 Swedish animated short film directed by Magnus Carlsson .
For Love and Honor ( Turkish : Kabadayı ) is a 2007 Turkish drama film , written by Yavuz Turgul and directed by Ömer Vargı , starring Şener Şen as a retired gangster who learns that he has a son in need of protection .
Blood Feast is a 1963 American splatter film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis .
My New Partner is a 1984 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi , starring Philippe Noiret and Thierry Lhermitte .
The Opium Den ( Italian : La fumeria d'oppio ) is a 1947 Italian crime film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Emilio Ghione Jr. , Mariella Lotti and Emilio Cigoli .
Aguelmis Rojas de Armas also Aquelmis Rojas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈɣelmis ˈroxas ) ; born March 28 , 1978 ) is a male long - distance runner from Cuba .
María del Rosario Sánchez Guerrero ( born October 26 , 1973 in Ciudad de México , Distrito Federal ) is a female track and field athlete from Mexico , who competed in race walking .
Lior Narkis ( Hebrew : ליאור נרקיס‎ ; born November 8 , 1976 in Holon , Israel ) is a male Israeli singer .
Martin Monrad ( born 1977 ) is a male table tennis player from Denmark .
István Batházi ( born 16 December 1978 in Budapest ) is a male medley swimmer from Hungary , who competed three times for his native country at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000 .
Wanda Young ( born August 9 , 1943 ) is an American singer , famous for being a member and co - lead singer of the popular Motown all - female singing group the Marvelettes .
Suzanne Miller ( September 10 , 1950 -- December 20 , 2013 ) , better known by her ring name Vivian St. John , was an American female professional wrestler .
Adrienne A. Jones ( born November 20 , 1954 ) is the current Speaker Pro Tem of the Maryland House of Delegates , the first African - American female to serve in that position in Maryland .
Laura duPont ( May 4 , 1949 -- February 20 , 2002 ) was a female American tennis player .
Jeong Gyeong - mi ( Hangul : 정경미 ; born July 26 , 1985 in Gunsan , Jeollabuk - do , South Korea ) is a South Korean female judoka .
Anne Abernathy ( born April 12 , 1953 ) is a luge athlete from the United States Virgin Islands and is the oldest female athlete to compete in the Winter Olympics .
Barbara Birungi ( born 7 August 1986 ) is a female technologist and the founding manager of HiveColab in Kampala , Uganda .
Yoshiko Inoue ( born April 26 , 1988 , in Yamaguchi ) is a female wrestler from Japan .
Rosita Quinto Stecza ( 1925 -- November 28 , 2006 ) , known by her screen name Rosa Mia , was an award - winning actress and one of the few female directors in the Philippines .
Doctor Manhattan 's body is humanoid and its composition is similar to that of a normal human , with a build similar to a tall muscular male in great physical shape .
Hiroaki Asano ( born 6 October 1990 ) is a Japanese male volleyball player .
Karen Penglase ( born 10 August 1982 ) is a Scottish female international football defender .
Cao Ngọc Hùng ( 10 March 1990 ) is a Vietnamese male paralympic javelin thrower .
These films endeared Jaya Prada to the traditional conservative section of film goers and she amassed a huge female fan following as well .
Aleksey Akatyev ( born 7 August 1974 ) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Russia , who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Deepak Bista ( born July 2 , 1976 ) is a male Nepalese taekwondo practitioner .
Jiang Huachen ( born February 3 , 1982 in Shandong ) is a male Chinese Greco - Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Massimo Quiriconi ( born January 8 , 1963 in Ponte Buggianese , Pistoia ) is a retired male race walker from Italy .
Kim So - yeong ( born 9 July 1992 ) is a female South Korean badminton player .
Celinda Pink ( born 1957 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is a female country music singer .
Lucyna Krawcewicz ( born 14 March 1938 ) is a retired female javelin thrower and chess player from Poland .
Lina Sarmiento ( born 1959 ) is the first female third - level official of the Philippine National Police to receive and hold the rank of director , a rank equivalent to that of a major general in the Philippine military .
Lee Jeong - myung ( Korean : 이정명 , born September 8 , 1967 ) is a retired female tennis player from South Korea , who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Katrin Krabbe ( born 22 November 1969 , in Neubrandenburg , Germany ) is a female athlete who competed for the German Democratic Republic ( before 1990 ) and Germany thereafter .
Eekwol ( born Lindsay Knight ) is a Muskoday First Nation , Saskatchewan , Canadian singer who is `` Canada 's first solo female aboriginal hip hop artist . ''
Sevgi Soysal , born Sevgi Yenen , ( September 30 , 1936 -- November 22 , 1976 ) was a Turkish female writer .
Eighteen years old at the time , Erika Jo is both the youngest person to win the competition and the first female winner .
`` A female quintet which includes Margret RoadKnight and Jeannie Lewis provides an aural chorus drawing upon a history of music ranging from Hildegard Von Bingen to Cambodian folk songs '' .
Seo Hyun - deok ( born 9 May 1991 ) is a South Korean male table tennis player .
Stefani Stoeva ( Bulgarian : Стефани Стоева ) is a female Bulgarian badminton player specializing in doubles .
Brian Kehoe ( born January 23 , 1982 ) is an American male fashion model and former reality television show participant on Oxygen 's program The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency .
Igor Samoilenco ( born April 17 , 1977 in Tiraspol , Moldavian SSR ) is a retired male boxer from Moldova .
Zhu Yanmei ( born 16 October 1986 in Shanxi ) is a female Chinese athletics long - distance runner .
Fatma Özlem Tursun ( born March 29 , 1988 ) is a Turkish female football referee and former women 's footballer .
As Art critic Sarah Valdez described it , `` a bewigged Ann Magnuson consecutively inhabits , at a rate faster than any channel surfer could keep up with , an outlandish , uproariously unfortunate range of female stereotypes '' .
It made B.o . B the thirteenth solo male artist to have a debut album arrive at No . 1 in its first week .
Julia Hartwig ( born August 14 , 1921 ) is a Polish writer and translator , considered to be one of Poland 's most important female poets .
Barbara Graham and the Politics of Executing Women in America , takes the viewpoint that Graham was the female dupe of the male victimizers of the murdered Monahan .
Ilir Kerni ( born 18 May 1959 ) is an Albanian male dancer .
Xu Huaiwen ( simplified Chinese : 徐怀雯 ; traditional Chinese : 徐懷雯 ; pinyin : Xú Huáiwén ; born August 2 , 1975 in Guiyang , Guizhou ) is a female badminton player from Germany .
Jiang Lin ( Chinese : 姜林 ; pinyin : Jiāng Lín ; born 23 October 1981 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a male archer from the People 's Republic of China .
Serhat Balcı ( pronounced ( ˈseɾhat ˈbaɫdʒɯ ) ; born March 15 , 1982 in Üsküdar , Istanbul ) is a male sport wrestler from Turkey competing in the 96 kg division of freestyle wrestling .
Qin Xuejing ( simplified Chinese : 秦学静 ; traditional Chinese : 秦學靜 ; pinyin : Qín Xuéjìng ; born August 14 , 1972 ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Valerdina Manhonga ( born December 26 , 1980 ) is a Mozambican female professional basketball player .
Martha Tenorio Pancar ( born August 6 , 1966 ) is an Ecuadorian retired female long - distance runner .
Zhao Nannan ( simplified Chinese : 赵楠楠 ; traditional Chinese : 趙楠楠 ; pinyin : Zhào Nánnán ; born March 18 , 1990 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a Chinese female short track speed skater .
Shen Ye ( traditional Chinese : 沈燁 ; simplified Chinese : 沈烨 ; born 11 March 1987 ) is a male Chinese badminton player .
Sébastien Maillard ( born May 2 , 1981 in Migennes ) is a male hurdler from France .
Gwenllwyfo was a female Christian recognised as a saint .
Jessica Susan Tow - Arnett ( née Jones , born November 15 , 1986 ) is an American female volleyball player .
Liu Shoubin ( Chinese : 刘寿斌 ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
Miosotis Heredia ( born 1972 - 01 - 12 ) is a female weightlifter from the Dominican Republic .
Stefano Carozzo ( born 17 January 1979 in Savona ) is a male Italian fencer .
Allan Ayala Acevedo ( born July 7 , 1986 in Guatemala City ) is a male track and field athlete from Guatemala , specialized in the 400 m intermediate hurdles event .
Dixon is commemorated by the Margaret Dixon Award given annually to a senior female student majoring in mass communication at LSU .
Yasemin Begüm Dalgalar ( born June 8 , 1988 ) is a Turkish female basketball player for Adana ASKİ in the Power forward position .
Dr. Laurie Leshin is the 16th President of Worcester Polytechnic Institute , and is the first female president in the Institution 's 150-year history .
Joël Jeannot is a male French Olympic wheelchair racer and handisport activist .
Glaucus was reported to have had male lovers as well :
Johan Peter Broust Fahlstrøm ( 30 August 1867 - -28 July 1938 ) was one of Norway 's leading male actor before World War I. Johan Fahlstrøm was born in Trondheim , Norway .
Belawan , female Bindong , male Dingnat , male Lana , male Lapidan , female Latam , youth Pandong , male Rumoh , youth Sambing , male Sindon , female Sumboh , Antakin 's wife Tadauh , female Telukhan , male Tuangud , youth Umok , female
Leonardo Rangel Moura Gonçalves ( born 17 February 1992 ) is a Brazilian / Qatari male volleyball player .
Fatemeh Amini is a female religious leader of Iran , who has directed and opened a number of women 's seminaries in Qom and Tehran .
Jin Jing ( Chinese : 金晶 ; Pinyin : Jīn Jīng ; born 1981 in Hefei , Anhui , China ) is a Chinese female Paralympic fencer .
Sze Hang Yu ( Chinese : 施幸余 ; Jyutping : si1 hang6 jyu4 ) is a female Olympics swimmer from Hong Kong .
In January 2014 , Tracy Grammer joined 21 other female singer - songwriters in a project headed by Cary Cooper called `` RealWomenRealSongs . ''
Marta Szczygielska ( born 28 September 1981 in Słupsk ) is a Polish born Belgian female former volleyball player , playing as a libero .
Mia Hagman ( born August 18 , 1979 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Finland .
The Horned God represents the male part of the religion 's duotheistic theological system , the other part being the female Triple Goddess or other Mother Goddess .
The name of the Swedish microsatellite Astrid 1 , launched on 24 January 1995 , was originally selected only as a common Swedish female name , but within a short time it was decided to name the instruments after characters in Astrid Lindgren 's books :
Moriah van Norman ( born May 30 , 1984 ) is an American water polo player for the University of Southern California , who won the Peter J. Cutino Award in 2004 , recognized as the best female collegiate player in the nation .
Tesana Panvisvas ( เทศนา พันธ์วิศวาส ; born 14 March 1978 ) is a male badminton player from Thailand .
Svetoslav Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Светослав Стоянов ) ( born 10 July 1976 ) is a male badminton player originally from Bulgaria , but later competed for France .
Zhao Rong ( simplified Chinese : 赵容 ; traditional Chinese : 趙容 ; pinyin : Zhào Róng ; born 2 August 1991 ) is a female Chinese football player who is a forward .
Mandy Leach ( born 20 August 1979 ) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Zimbabwe .
Park Sam - ryong ( Hangul : 박삼룡 ; born 7 June 1968 ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player .
Yang Zhou ( simplified Chinese : 杨舟 ; traditional Chinese : 楊舟 ; pinyin : Yáng Zhōu ; born 21 April 1992 , in Zhejiang ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Yu Dawei ( born 1984 - 06 - 21 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a male Chinese volleyball player .
Raúl Mesa ( born April 16 , 1982 in Zaragoza ) is a male beach volleyball player from Spain , who won the gold medal at the 2005 European Championships in Moscow , Russia , partnering Pablo Herrera .
It was presumably that no male descendant of Huo Qubing nor Huo Guang survived , as during the reign of Emperor Ping of Han , it was Huo Yang , a great - grandson of Huo Qubing 's paternal cousin , chosen to inherit Huo Guang as Marquess of Bolu .
Liset Castillo Iglesias ( born January 21 , 1973 in Pinar del Río ) is a retired female basketball player from Cuba .
Zhong Qianxin ( Chinese : 钟倩欣 ; born May 8 , 1990 in Guangzhou ) is a Chinese female badminton player who won the Girls Doubles event at the 2007 BWF World Junior Championships at Waitakere City , New Zealand with Xie Jing .
Tang Bin ( simplified Chinese : 唐宾 ; traditional Chinese : 唐賓 ; pinyin : Táng Bīn , born April 25 , 1986 in Fengcheng , Dandong , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese rower , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Esther Figueiredo Ferraz ( February 6 , 1916 -- September 23 , 2008 ) was the first female Minister to serve in the government of Brazil .
Elsie Goldsack Pittman ( 21 January 1904 -- 28 March 1975 ) was an English female tennis player who competed during the second half of the 1920s and the 1930s .
Juan Mónaco ( born 29 March 1984 ) , nicknamed `` Pico '' , is a male tennis player from Argentina .
Lillian May Armfield ISM ( 3rd December , 1884 -- 26th August , 1971 ) was an Australian nurse and pioneering Sydney female police detective , one of the first women to serve in that role .
Burcu Sallakoğlu ( born August 13 , 1987 ) is a Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the heavyweight ( 72 kg ) class .
Ashleigh Hewson ( b. December 18 , 1979 ) is a female rugby union player that plays for Australia .
Julie Bradbury ( born 12 February 1967 ) is a former English female badminton player .
María José Orellana Aragon ( born April 8 , 1981 ) is a female beach volleyball player from Guatemala , who played in the 2003 and 2007 Pan American Games playing with Sylvana Gómez and Anna Ramírez , finishing 5th and 9th .
Irma Goldberg ( born 1871 ) was one of the first female organic chemists to have and sustain a successful career , her work even being quoted in her own name in standard textbooks .
Carolin Babcock Stark ( May 26 , 1912 -- March 25 , 1987 ) was a female tennis player from the United States .
She has been described by Canadian news as `` the controversial female Islamic scholar Farhat Hashmi '' , whose `` ultra - conservative teachings in lectures and online have faced criticism for promoting an extreme wifely subservience to a husband . ''
Maggie Cogan is a resident of New York City who became a minor celebrity in the early 1960s when she was the first female horse and carriage driver in Central Park , working for the Plaza Hotel .
José Echenique ( born November 28 , 1965 in Caracas ) is a retired male basketball player from Venezuela , who played as a power forward during his career .
He Jianping ( simplified Chinese : 何剑平 ; traditional Chinese : 何劍平 ; pinyin : Hé Jiànpíng ; born May 5 , 1963 ) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Beth Coleman ( also known as M. Singe , DJ M. Singe , and DJ Singe ) is an American female electronic music composer and academic in the field of new media studies .
Andrea Alföldi ( born September 22 , 1964 in Komló , Baranya ) is a retired female race walker from Hungary , who competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Xie Jianhua ( simplified Chinese : 谢建华 ; traditional Chinese : 謝建華 ; pinyin : Xiè Jiànhuá ; born June 24 , 1976 in Beijing ) is a male Chinese judoka who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Paul Blagg ( born 23 January 1960 in Guildford , Surrey ) is a retired male race walker from England , who twice competed for Great Britain at the Summer Olympics ( 1988 and 1992 ) .
Zdenka Predná ( 31 March 1984 ) is a Slovak female singer .
Dinko Jukić ( born January 9 , 1989 in Dubrovnik ) is a retired male medley and butterfly swimmer from Austria of Croatian origin .
Ann Cole continued to record for Baton , with little success , until 1958 , and is also believed to be the uncredited female singer on Fats Domino 's record `` When I See You '' .
Paula Abdul has referred to Demers as `` the greatest male vocalist in the world '' and hosted An evening with Jimmy Demers in Los Angeles .
Sapsiree Taerattanachai ( Thai : ทรัพย์สิรี แต้รัตนชัย ; rtgs : Sapsiri Tae - rattanachai ) is a female Thai badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series and 2014 Asian Games .
Andrea Fitting , Ph.D. , is the first female director of Parkvale Bank , the sixth - largest bank headquartered in the Pittsburgh region and the 26th - largest public company in Pennsylvania .
Tochukwu Oluehi ( born 2 May 1987 ) is a Nigerian female goalkeeper with Bayelsa Queens and the Nigeria women 's national football team .
Izak van der Merwe ( born 26 January 1984 ) is a male South African tennis player .
Various media organizations in India reported the RTI in different ways , including emphasizing Jashodaben 's fear , the financial implications of her complaint , the guards ' demands to be treated as guests , or the case as an example of female independence .
Damla Deniz Duz ( born 22 August 1995 ) is a Turkish female water polo player , playing at the wing position .
Cosiri Rodríguez Andino de Dionicio ( born August 30 , 1977 , in San Cristóbal ) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic , who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , wearing the number # 15 jersey .
Mette Grøtteland ( born 1969 ) became the first female fighter pilot in the Royal Norwegian Air Force after qualifying to fly jet fighter aircraft in 1992 .
According to Patrick Lucien Price , author of the `` Bertrem 's essay on numerology '' section published in Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home ( 1987 ) , Goldmoon was designed to be a kind and understanding female barbarian , who loved to travel , advise , and take care of others .
Chris Kermode ( born 13 January 1965 ) is a retired English male tennis player , a former tournament director and the current executive chairman & president of the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) .
Anand Pawar ( आनंद पवार ) ( born 18 July 1986 ) is a male Indian badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series .
Jackie Landry Jackson ( May 22 , 1941 -- December 23 , 1997 ) was a member of The Chantels , the first nationally - successful black female pop music group .
Gregor Högler ( born June 27 , 1972 ) is a male javelin thrower from Austria .
Dr. Romesh Buragohain wrote about the reason for the first interregnum as Sukhrangpha died with leaving a male heir to succeed him , the nobles took advantage of it and instead of inviting Sutuphaa to the throne , they went for an interregnum .
His family was originally from Ru'nan ( 汝南 , in modern Zhumadian , Henan ) , and claimed ancestry from the royal family of Zhou Dynasty , although the traceable part of Zhou Chi 's male - line ancestry only went back to the Liang Dynasty official Zhou Lingchao ( 周靈超 ) .
Patrick Matt ( born 4 April 1969 ) is a retired male track cyclist from Liechtenstein , who competed for his native country in two events at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Louie Dingwall ( née Louisa Foott ) ( 1893 - -1982 ) was one of the first English female racehorse trainers .
Hu Binyuan ( simplified Chinese : 胡斌渊 ; traditional Chinese : 胡斌淵 ; pinyin : Hú Bīnyuān ; born November 7 , 1977 in Shanghai ) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics , 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Nimet Karakuş , ( born January 23 , 1993 in Korkuteli , Antalya Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish female sprinter competing in the 100 m and 200 m events .
Melinda Czink ( born 22 October 1982 ) is a Hungarian professional female tennis player .
Saralyn Smith ( born March 23 , 1978 in Key West , Florida ) is a female beach volleyball player from the United States who won the silver medal at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Guatemala playing with Beth Van Fleet .
Hristo Dimitrov is a Bulgarian male acrobatic gymnast .
As his father - in - law had no male descent , Antoine Pugliesi became Antoine Pugliesi - Conti by adding Conti to his name by décret impérial ( imperial decree ) of 25 January 1867 .
Talida Tolnai ( born 21 August 1979 in Zalău ) is a Romanian female handballer .
Stefani Hidajat ( born August 12 , 1985 in Surabaya , East Java ) is a female Indonesian writer .
Adlene Harrison ( born November 19 , 1923 ) was acting mayor of Dallas in 1976 , its first Jewish mayor , and its first female mayor .
Huen Su Yin ( born 12 September 1985 in Ipoh , Malaysia ) is a female blogger .
Loan His ( born 10 April 1999 ) is a French female artistic gymnast and part of the national team .
Katy McLean MBE ( born 19 December 1985 ) is an English female rugby player , who is currently ( 2014 ) captain of England Women and captained them to victory against Canada in the 2014 France Rugby World Cup .
Bazar Bazarguruev ( born January 9 , 1985 in Chelutay , Agin - Buryat Okrug , Zabaykalsky Krai , Russian SFSR ) is a male freestyle wrestler of Buryat descent from Kyrgyzstan .
Chunli Li ( born February 28 , 1962 in Guiping , Guigang , Guangxi ) was a Chinese - born New Zealand female professional table tennis player .
Javier Gaspar ( born 15 September 1966 ) is a former American male volleyball player and coach .
Megan Franich is a New Zealand actress most known for playing the vampire alpha female Iris in 30 Days of Night .
Sandra Kochmann is the first female rabbi to serve in Brazil , although she was born in Paraguay .
Babita Kumari ( born November 20 , 1989 ) is an Indian female wrestler , who won a silver medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games .
Debbie McLeod ( born 20 October 1972 in Dundee ) is a female field hockey goalkeeper from Scotland .
Oliver Cheshire ( born 3 June 1988 ) is an English male fashion model .
Kristin Klein Keefe ( born March 20 , 1970 in Santa Monica , California ) is a retired female volleyball player from the United States , who played as an outside hitter .
As a male member of the royal Dowuona House , one of the two Osu royal houses ( the other being the Owuo House ) , Nii Okwei Kinka Dowuona VI was in line to be enstooled king during the protracted chieftaincy dispute that had wracked the Osu state for decades .
Tudor Sanon ( born January 14 , 1984 ) is a male Haitian taekwondo athlete .
Suzanne Mulvey ( née Malone ; born 4 October 1984 ) is a Scottish female international football forward who plays for English FA WSL club Sunderland and has represented Scotland at senior international level .
Tan Zongliang ( simplified Chinese : 谭宗亮 ; traditional Chinese : 譚宗亮 ; pinyin : Tán Zōngliàng ; born November 29 , 1971 ) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed at five consecutive Olympics from 1996 to 2012 .
Kalpana Saroj is a female Indian entrepreneur born in Roperkheda village in Maharashtra , India .
Porntip Buranaprasertsuk ( Thai : พรทิพย์ บูรณะประเสริฐสุข ; born 24 October 1991 ) is a female badminton player from Thailand .
Javeria Khan Wadood ( Urdu : جاویریہ خان‎ ) ( born 14 May 1988 ) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Karachi , Sindh .
June Holst - Roness was the first female mayor of Freetown , and because of her hard work in office , the city was twinned with Hull , England .
Brandon Jung ( born April 28 , 1986 , in Surrey , British Columbia ) is a male water polo player from Canada .
In Romania itself , where she was among the few female comics artists , Lívia Rusz has come to be described as a leading contributor to the genres she covered in her work .
Farhad Mosaffa ( Persian : فرهاد مصفی , born : September 25 , 1988 ) is an Iranian model he is the first Iranian Contestant crowned as Mr Iran , he competed in Manhunt International 2012 , the world 's first and oldest male modeling competition .
Emmanuel Dungia is the son of François Zoambe Kuku Dungia , a male nurse and Wivine Yumbe Mbisala , a housewife who had given birth to him in Bondaki , an area around Gemena in the region of Sud - Ubangi District in the province of the Équateur in the Democratic Republic of Congo .
revised Bio Carol Ann Severance , 2/15/1944- 2/19/2015 Carol Severance was a Hawaii - based Science Fiction and Fantasy writer known for her strong female characters .
Şükran Albayrak ( born 12 May 1982 in Kartal , İstanbul ) is a Turkish TV presenter and sport hostess and retired professional female basketball player .
Jacki Zehner ( born October 8 , 1964 ) was the first female trader to be invited into the partnership of Goldman Sachs , in 1996 .
Marietta Žigalová ( born 23 November 1968 in Ružomberok ) is a former professional Slovak female fitness competitor .
Lee Sang - joon ( Hangul : 이상준 ) ( born November 13 , 1992 ) is a male South Korean badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series .
Robyn Lambourne ( née Friday ) was a successful female squash player who ended her career shortly after 1992 .
Dorothy Pilley Richards ( 16 September 1894 in Camberwell , London -- 24 September 1986 in Cambridge ) was a prominent female mountaineer .
Peter Yarrow graduated second in his class among male students with a physics prize from New York 's High School of Music and Art , where he had studied painting .
Hsiao Huang - Chi emerged in the Tai - pop scene after winning the Best Tai - pop male artist 2008 award in the Golden Melody Awards .
Deanna Rix ( born 1987 ) is an American female wrestler originally from South Berwick , Maine , and noted in the media for her success wrestling against girls and boys in State and National competitions .
Tuğba Koyuncu ( née Karakaya ; born February 16 , 1991 in Kayseri , Turkey ) is a Turkish female middle distance runner .
Umihana Čuvidina ( c. 1794 -- c. 1870 ) was an Ottoman Bosniak poet and the earliest Bosnian female author whose work survives to this day .
Liu Xuqing ( Chinese : 柳絮青 ; pinyin : Liǔ Xùqīng ; born August 15 , 1968 ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Rosa Fuentes ( born November 30 , 1965 ) is a former female freestyle swimmer from Mexico .
Ning Zhenyun ( simplified Chinese : 宁珍云 ; traditional Chinese : 寧珍雲 ; pinyin : Zhù Zhēnyún ; born June 2 , 1982 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Zheng Yuli ( Chinese : 郑昱鲤 ) is a retired female badminton player from China .
Gu Jiaming ( Chinese : 辜家明 ) is a retired female badminton player from China .
Karylle bagged the female lead role as Maria , alternating with Joanna Ampil for the Stages production of West Side Story .
Along with Frances Miriam Whitcher and Ann S. Stephens , Marietta Holley is remembered as one of America 's most significant early female humorists .
Ana Antonijević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ана Антонијевић ; born August 26 , 1987 in Užice , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a female professional volleyball player from Serbia .
Gloria Kemasuode Ubiebor ( born 30 December 1979 in Delta State ) is a female track and field sprint athlete , who competes internationally for Nigeria .
Afërdita Tusha ( born 3 October 1945 ) is an Albanian female sports shooter who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games against the men in the 50 metre free pistol , she finished 51st .
According to the older account of her story , sketched by Tolkien in The Road Goes Ever On and used in The Silmarillion , Galadriel was an eager participant and leader in the rebellion of the Noldor and their flight from Valinor ; in fact , she was the `` only female to stand tall in those days '' .
Patricia Pérez Peña ( born 17 December 1978 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a female footballer from Mexico .
Kate McMeeken - Ruscoe ( born 19 December 1979 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is a female basketball player for New Zealand .
Gülümser Öney , originally Yılmaz ( born 1956 ) is a Bulgarian born Turkish female chess player .
Zoja Rudnova ( 19 August 1946 - 12 March 2014 ) is a former female table tennis player from Soviet Union .
Ümran Ertiş ( born 13 April 1996 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish female para table tennis player of class 10 and Paralympian .
He also recorded a string of successful albums and singles , featuring a male chorale and his own distinctive arrangements , under the name `` Mitch Miller and the Gang '' starting in 1950 .
Jirgalang was one of ten `` Princes of the First Rank '' ( 和碩親王 ) whose descendants were made `` Iron - cap Princes '' ( 鐵帽子王 ) , who had the right to transmit their princely titles to their direct male descendants perpetually .
Gavin Kerr is a retired rugby union footballer who played prop , he played international rugby for Scotland .
Bayer Giants Leverkusen is a professional basketball club , part of the Bayer Leverkusen sports club based in Leverkusen , Germany .
The South American Basketball Championship 1930 , the first South American Basketball Championship , was the first major international basketball tournament and the earliest competition recognized by the International Basketball Federation , which would be founded two years later .
Juan Vinuesa ( ? -- ? ) was an Argentine chess master .
Zhou Zhongge ( Chinese : 周忠革 ; born 15 February 1967 ) is a Chinese track and field coach and former high jumper .
David Hellenius has been married to television presenter Renée Nyberg since 2009 , and the couple has one son together who was born in 2006 .
Stateira II ( Greek : Στάτειρα ; died 323 BC ) , possibly also known as Barsine , was the daughter of Stateira I and Darius III of Persia .
Daughter of Count Jakub Komorowski and his wife , Antonina Pawłowska , Gertruda Komorowska married Count Stanisław Szczęsny Potocki on December 26 , 1770 .
In the early years of the Third Age , Elrond married Celebrían , daughter of Celeborn and Galadriel .
Li Yuqin ( 15 July 1928 -- 24 April 2001 ) , sometimes referred to as the `` Last Imperial Concubine '' ( 末代皇娘 ) , was the fourth wife of China 's last emperor Puyi .
In or shortly after 642 Eanflæd became the second wife of King Oswiu of Northumbria .
Jehoiada became the brother - in - law of King Ahaziah as a result of his marriage with princess Jehosheba .
In 1916 Pearson and her husband , movie actor Sheldon Lewis , severed their ties with the Virginia Pearson Producing Company .
Lina Heydrich ( born Lina Mathilde von Osten ; June 14 , 1911 -- August 14 , 1985 ) was the wife of assassinated SS - Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich , a central figure in Nazi Germany .
Leigh Eddings ( 30 September 1937 -- 28 February 2007 ; née Judith Leigh Schall ) , was the wife of David Eddings and co - author of many of his later works and uncredited co - author of his early works , and married him 27 October 1962 .
Katherine Coker adapted the book for Jackie Cooper , who produced and directed the television movie , Rosie : the Rosemary Clooney Story ( 1982 ) starring Sondra Locke ( who lip syncs Clooney 's songs ) , Penelope Milford as Betty and Tony Orlando , who played José Ferrer .
During the apostasy movement which emerged following the death of Muhammad , Sajah bint al - Harith ibn Suaeed declared she was a prophetess after learning that Musaylimah and Tulayha had declared prophethood .
Aline Murray Kilmer ( August 1 , 1888 -- October 1 , 1941 ) , was an American poet , children 's book author , and essayist , and the wife and widow of poet and journalist Joyce Kilmer ( 1886 - 1918 ) .
Li Congke also had Empress Kong and Li Conghou 's four sons put to death .
Gallienus married Cornelia Salonina about ten years before his accession to the throne .
Lois Neilson ( September 7 , 1895 -- July 9 , 1990 ) was an American silent movie actress who became actor and comedian Stan Laurel 's first wife .
Between 1990 - 1996 , she published in Literatura şi Arta , Mesagerul , Femeia Moldovei , Glasul Naţiunii , Ţara , Astra , Luminătorul , Pro Vatra , Generația etc . Iuliana Gorea - Costin was married to Nicolae Costin ( a former mayor of Chişinău ) and they had a son .
Lakshamilavan also spells Lakshami Lavan ( Thai : ลักษมีลาวัณ ; rtgs : Laksamilawan ; 3 July 1899 -- 29 August 1961 ) , née Princess Vanbimol Voravan ( Thai : วรรณพิมล วรวรรณ ; rtgs : Wanphimon Worawan ) was the royal consort of King Vajiravudh ( Rama VI ) of Siam .
Guru Angad married Mata Khivi in January 1520 and had two sons ( Dasu and Datu ) and two daughters ( Amro and Anokhi ) .
Adelaide of Rheinfelden ( or Adelaide of Swabia ) ( German : Adelheid ) ( 1060s -- May 1090 ) , was the daughter of Rudolf of Rheinfelden ; and wife of King Ladislaus I of Hungary .
In 358 , Murong Chui would lose his wife Princess Duan to political intrigue .
In 2008 she married fellow actor Vojin Ćetković in Belgrade and took his surname , thus she is commonly dubbed Sloboda Mićalović--
Esme Valerie Eliot ( née Fletcher ; 17 August 1926 -- 9 November 2012 ) was the second wife and later widow of the Nobel prize - winning poet , T. S. Eliot .
Christine Charlotte of Württemberg ( 21 October 1645 , Stuttgart -- 16 May 1699 , Bruchhausen ) was a princess of Württemberg by birth and a princess consort of East Frisia , married in 1662 to George Christian , Prince of East Frisia .
Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg ( née Duchess Eilika Helene Jutta Clementine of Oldenburg ) ( born 22 August 1972 ) is the wife of Georg von Habsburg , the third in the line of succession to the titular Austro - Hungarian throne .
Mary Ann Sainsbury ( née Staples ) was the wife of John James Sainsbury , the founder of the Sainsbury 's supermarket chain .
Emily Jordan Folger , born Emily Clara Jordan ( May 15 , 1858 - -February 21 , 1936 ) , was the wife of Henry Clay Folger and the co - founder of the Folger Shakespeare Library .
Martin Kemp has been married to Shirlie Holliman since 1988 .
Jack Melick was married to Nancy Dow from 1956 through 1961 .
During the reign of Khufu , Hetepheres II married her brother , the Crown Prince Kawab , with whom she had at least one child , a daughter named Meresankh III . After the death of her first husband , she married another of her brothers , Djedefra who later succeeded Khufu as king of Egypt .
Mutemwiya ( also written as Mutemwia , Mutemuya or Mutemweya ) was a minor wife of Thutmose IV , a pharaoh of Egypt , in the Eighteenth Dynasty and the mother of Pharaoh Amenhotep III . Mutemwiya 's name means `` Mut in the divine bark '' .
Morton Downey was the father of television personality Morton Downey , Jr. , by his first wife , actress Barbara Bennett ( 1906 - -1958 ) , the sister of actresses Constance and Joan Bennett , and with whom he ultimately had five children , four sons and a daughter :
Florence Ashton Marshall ( Mrs. Julian Marshall ) née Thomas ( b. 30 March 1843 - d. 1922 ) was an English writer , composer and conductor .
Khadijah Farrakhan , or Mother Khadijah , birth name Betsy Ross , is the wife of Louis Farrakhan , the Supreme Leader of the Nation of Islam .
Rick Salomon ( born January 24 , 1968 ) is an American poker player and celebutant mostly known for his relationships with various female celebrities , including E.G. Daily , Shannen Doherty , Paris Hilton , and Pamela Anderson .
Emmi Bonhoeffer ( née Emilie Delbrück ) was the wife of anti - Hitler activist Klaus Bonhoeffer .
Claire Delbos ( 2 November 1906 -- 22 April 1959 ) was a French violinist and composer , and first wife of the composer Olivier Messiaen .
I. V. Sasi is married to Malayalam actress Seema on 28 August 1980 .
Peggy Nadramia ( born Margaret Nadramia ) is an American magazine editor and administrator in the Church of Satan , of which she is the current High Priestess , and in which she is known as Magistra Nadramia , as well as the wife of current church head Peter H. Gilmore .
Myrto ( /ˈmɜrtoʊ/ ; Greek : Μυρτώ ; fl . 5th century BC ) was , according to some accounts , a wife of Socrates .
Debra Ghigna ( born May 6 , 1955 ) is a children 's author and poet whose writings appear in numerous children 's magazines as well as in books written with her husband , poet Charles Ghigna .
Eleanor Rosalynn Carter ( née Smith ; August 18 , 1927 ) is the wife of the 39th President of the United States , Jimmy Carter and in that capacity served as the First Lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981 .
Luisa Durán de la Fuente ( born February 27 , 1941 ) is the wife of the former President of Chile Ricardo Lagos .
Priam later divorced her in favor of Hecuba ( or Hecebe ) , daughter of the Phrygian king Dymas .
Raihaanun married to Teddy Soeriaatmadja , director of the film Badai Pasti Berlalu ( 2007 film ) on March 17 , 2007 .
Noémie Halphen and Maurice de Rothschild had one child , a son Edmond .
Almina Herbert , Countess of Carnarvon ( 15 August 1876 -- 8 May 1969 ) , was an English lady , wife of George Herbert , 5th Earl of Carnarvon , and châtelaine of Highclere Castle in Hampshire .
Lucy Smith was the wife of Carsten Smith , the former Chief Justice of Norway 's Supreme Court .
Clare Rewcastle Brown is married to Andrew Brown , the younger brother of former British Prime Minister Gordon .
Ted Nelson ( by Celeste Holm ) -- inspiration for the World Wide Web HTML format and HTTP protocol , father of Project Xanadu Ralph Nelson ( by Beatrice Bahnsen ) -- photographer - www.ralphnelson.com Peter Nelson ( by Barbara Powers ) Meredith Nelson ( by Barbara Powers ) --
Princess Christina Ingesdotter of Sweden ( Swedish : Kristina Ingesdotter ) ( 11th century -- 18 January 1122 ) was a Swedish princess and a princess consort of Veliky Novgorod , Rostov and Belgorod , by marriage to Grand Prince Mstislav I of Kiev .
Ermesinda ( c. 720 or c. 730 -- ? ) alternatively Ormisenda , Ermisenda , Ermesinde , Ermessenda ) was queen consort of the Kingdom of Asturias , wife of King Alfonso I of Asturias ( `` Alfonso the Catholic '' ) .
She has been part of the very successful musical duo Al Bano and Romina Power , together with her then - husband Albano Carrisi .
Khaleda Zia was the First Lady of Bangladesh during the presidency of her husband Ziaur Rahman .
Olgivanna Lloyd Wright ( 1898 - -1985 ) was the third and final wife of Frank Lloyd Wright and had significant influence in his life and work , due in part to her extensive Theosophical associations .
In 1945 Mirtha Legrand met the French - born filmmaker Daniel Tinayre .
Madam Lucy Gulama ( born 26 September 1921 , date of death unknown ) was the wife of Sierra Leonean Paramount Chief Julius Gulama .
Adelaide of Leuven ( died c. 1158 ) was the wife of Simon I , Duke of Lorraine ( 1076 - -1138 ) , in what is now France .
April Margera is the mother of Bam and CKY drummer Jess , and is married to Phil Margera .
He was raised in the Celtic Christian tradition of much of the Irish world , rather than the Roman tradition practiced by the southern Anglo - Saxon kingdoms as well as some members of the Deiran nobility , including Oswiu 's queen Eanflæd .
Heterotaxalus schwarzeri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Heterotaxalus .
Fragum unedo is a species of cockle , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae , commonly known as the Pacific strawberry cockle .
Tuberculobasis guarani is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae first identified in São Paulo , Brazil .
Indirana brachytarsus is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats ( including the Anaimalai Hills ) of India .
Oberea auricollis is a species of flat - faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Aurivillius in 1922 .
Ciconia is a genus of birds in the stork family .
Cellana craticulata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nacellidae , one of the families of true limpets
Heteroscodra is a genus of tarantulas which are native to West Africa and Central Africa .
Trigona fuscipennis is a stingless bee species that originates in Mexico but is also found in Central and South America .
Euhelopus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived between 129 and 113 million years ago during the Early Cretaceous in what is now Shandong Province in China .
Camponotus americanus is a species of carpenter ant .
Tricleidus is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from only specimen ( BMNH R3539 ) from the middle Jurassic of United Kingdom .
Vitis xunyangensis is an Old World species of wild grape native to temperate China ( Shaanxi province ) .
Gymnodiscus is a genus of South African flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Anodonthyla hutchisoni is a species of microhylidae frog .
Crocidura cranbrooki is a species of shrew from Northern Myanmar .
Quassia amara ( amargo , bitter - ash , bitter - wood ) is a species in the genus Quassia , with some botanists treating it as the sole species in the genus .
Haplophyton crooksii is a plant species native to Arizona , New Mexico , Texas and northern Mexico .
Quedenfeldtia is a small genus of attractive gecko species , commonly known as atlas day geckos .
The Australian humpback dolphin ( Sousa sahulensis ) is a species of humpback dolphin and the fourth recognized humpback dolphin species chronologically .
Amblyomma triguttatum , commonly known as the kangaroo tick , is a species of tick in the genus Amblyomma native to Australia .
The Asiatic salamanders ( family Hynobiidae ) are primitive salamanders found all over Asia , and in European Russia .
Pseudoceros susanae is a marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family .
Stryphnodendron adstringens ( Portuguese : barbatimão ) is a species of legume in the genus Stryphnodendron found in Brazil .
Atelopus vogli was a species of harlequin frog in the family Bufonidae .
Longitarsus andalusicus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Belgium , Germany , Great Britain , France , and the Netherlands .
Parides burchellanus is a species of swallowtail butterfly ( family Papilionidae ) .
Monachoides incarnatus ( syn . Perforatella incarnata ) is a species of air - breathing land snail in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Aristea bakeri is a plant species in the family Iridaceae .
Macleaya microcarpa is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae .
Couma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1775 .
Bifurcaria is a genus of brown algae seaweeds found on rocky North American and European shores and tidepools of the Atlantic Ocean .
Heterotheca brandegeei is a rare Mexican species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Litoporus saul is a cellar spider species found in French Guiana .
Strophanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1802 .
Fervidobacterium islandicum is a species of extremely thermophilic anaerobic bacteria , first isolated from an Icelandic hot spring .
†Ctenoglypta newtoni was a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails .
Acanthonotozomellidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans .
Campaea perlata , the pale beauty , is a species of moth in the family Geometridae .
Dironidae is a family of nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs , in the clade Euthyneura .
Astragalus aspindzicus , the Aspindzian astragalus , is a species of milkvetch that is endemic to the Meskheti region in southern Georgia .
Ploiaria metapterina is a species of true bug found in SE Australia .
Brachinus crepitans is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe , except for Monaco , Norway , San Marino , Vatican City , and some islands such as Cyclades , Gibraltar , Iceland , Madeira , Malta , North Aegean , Novaya Zemlya , and Savage Islands .
Streptanthus bracteatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names bracted jewelflower and bracted twistflower .
Gephyrosaurus is a genus of early Rhynchocephalia first described and named in 1980 by Susan E. Evans .
Astragalus ertterae is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Walker Pass milkvetch .
Citrus ichangensis , the Ichang papeda ( Chinese : 宜昌橙 ) , is a slow - growing species of the Citrus subg .
It contains only one species , Endromarmata lutipalpis , which is found in Mali and Senegal .
Smilosuchus ( meaning `` chisel crocodile '' ) is an extinct genus of leptosuchomorph phytosaurid from the Late Triassic of North America .
Causeyella , is a genus of millipedes comprising three species :
Rhinophis punctatus , or Müller 's earth snake , is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family .
Tarantulas comprise a group of large and often hairy arachnids belonging to the Theraphosidae family of spiders , of which approximately 900 species have been identified .
Aspicilia ( sunken disk lichen ) is a genus of mostly crustose areolate lichens that grow on rock .
Xenocrasoides soukai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Xenocrasoides .
Pundamilia is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to East Africa , primarily in Lake Victoria .
Zerene is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae commonly called dogfaces .
Trinervitermes trinervoides is a species of termite from family Termitidae from Africa .
Chlorostrymon is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . The members ( species ) of this genus are found in the Nearctic ecozone and the Neotropical ecozone .
Polytolypa is a monotypic genus of fungus containing the single species Polytolypa hystricis .
Anemone baicalensis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Anemone .
Dimorphandra mollis , the Fava d'anta , is a tree species in the genus of Dimorphandra .
Abutilon fruticosum is a widespread species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names Texas Indian mallow , pelotazo , and sweet Indian mallow .
Calvatia sculpta , commonly known as the sculpted puffball , the sculptured puffball , the pyramid puffball , and the Sierran puffball , is a species of puffball fungus in the Agaricaceae family .
Leptolalax croceus ( orange - bellied leaf - litter toad ) is a species of toad in the family of Megophryidae , discovered in the Central Vietnam in 2010 .
Hyotissa mcgintyi , also known as Parahyotissa mcgintyi is a species of medium - sized saltwater `` oyster '' , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Gryphaeidae .
Pseudomancopsetta andriashevi , the Pygmy flounder , is a species of southern flounder known from deep waters off of the southern coast of Chile as well as from around the Crozet Islands and Prince Edward Islands where it occurs at depths of from 200 to 365 metres ( 656 to 1,198 ft ) .
The Gorongoza gerbil , Gerbilliscus inclusus , is a species of gerbil found in Mozambique , Tanzania , and Zimbabwe .
This is the origin of the genus name Novirhabdovirus .
Odaraia is a genus of crustacean arthropod from the Middle Cambrian .
It contains the single species Anaemosia albida , which is found in Malawi .
Clitellaria ephippium is a species of ' Soldier Fly ' ( so named for the thorns that armor the body ) belonging to the family Stratiomyidae .
Zanha golungensis is a species of fruit plants from Sapindaceae family that can be found in Cameroon and Zimbabwe .
Coprinopsis variegata , commonly known as the scaly ink cap or the feltscale inky cap , is a species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae .
Oenothera californica , known by the common name California evening primrose , is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family .
Bjoernstadia kasuluensis is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Bjoernstadia .
Agonum corvus is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily .
The Austrolithoideae are a subfamily of Coralline alga .
Microchela is an extinct genus of prawn , which contains a single species Microchela rostrata .
Aeshna canadensis , the Canada darner , is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae .
However , the species Notonecta undulata has only been documented and studied in southern Manitoba , Saskatchewan , Alberta and the western United States .
Tropidaster is an extinct genus of sea star that lived in the Early Jurassic .
Aegopinella nitidula ( previously known as Retinella nitidula ) is a species of small land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae , the glass snails .
Rotadiscus is a genus of discoidal animal known from the Cambrian Chengjiang biota and classified with the eldoniids .
Colobosaura is a monotypic genus of lizard , endemic to South America , in the family Gymnophthalmidae .
Pyuridae is a family of Tunicates .
Dendrocalamus strictus is a bamboo species belonging to the Dendrocalamus genus .
Triplophysa gejiuensis ( Gejiu blind loach ) is a species of stone loach endemic to China .
Artemisia cana is a species of sagebrush native to western and central North America , a member of the sunflower family .
Streptomyces alanosinicus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Brazil .
Probainognathidae is an extinct family of carnivorous therapsids which lived during the Upper Triassic .
Lamprologus ornatipinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with sandy substrates or , sometimes rocky areas .
Pseudoradiarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Afrotropics .
Diurodrilus is a genus of tiny marine animals that has traditionally been assigned to the annelid worms , although this affinity is not certain .
It contains only one species , Issikiocrania japonicella , which is found in Japan .
Disa borbonica is a species of plant in the orchid family of the genus Disa .
Clostridium tetani is a rod - shaped , anaerobic species of pathogenic bacteria , of the genus Clostridium .
Pimelea ligustrina , commonly known as tall rice - flower , is a shrub species in the family Thymelaeaceae .
Nodipecten magnificus is a species of bivalve in the Pectinidae family .
Michaelophorus dentiger is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus , known from Argentina , Brazil , British Guyana , Cuba , Curaçao , Honduras , Ecuador , Nicaragua , Paraguay , and Venezuela .
Antedon is a genus of free - swimming , stemless crinoids .
Crypsis alopecuroides is a species of grass known by the common name foxtail pricklegrass .
Vaccinium myrtillus is a species of shrub with edible fruit of blue color , commonly called `` bilberry '' , `` whortleberry '' or European blueberry .
Denmoza is a genus of cactus found in Argentina , comprising only 2 species .
Vatica guangxiensis is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family endemic to China .
Acrobasis tricolorella , the destructive prune worm or tricolored acrobasis moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis .
Sturisoma guentheri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it occurs in the upper Amazon basin .
Campanula collina , common name blue dwarf bellflower , is a species of flowering plant in the genus Campanula of the family Campanulaceae , native to the Caucasus and north - eastern Turkey .
Astronium balansae is a species of flowering tree in the cashew family , Anacardiaceae , that is native to Argentina and Paraguay .
Vanda insignis is a species of orchid endemic to the Lesser Sunda Islands .
Trochus calcaratus , common name the actor top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Formica pratensis , the black - backed meadow ant , is a species of European red wood ant in the family Formicidae .
Attagenus punctatus is a species of beetles found in Europe and the Near East .
Holmiidae is a family of trilobites , that lived during the Lower Cambrian ( Atdabanian ) .
Chalcothea is a genus of flower chafer belonging to the family scarab beetles .
Nyssa sylvatica 's genus name ( Nyssa ) refers to a Greek water nymph ; the species epithet sylvatica refers to its woodland habitat .
Entimus is a genus of broad - nosed weevils belonging to the family true weevil and the Entiminae subfamily .
Trialestes is an extinct genus of Late Triassic crocodylomorph that lived in South America .
Coincya wrightii , known as Lundy cabbage , is a species of primitive brassicoid , endemic to the island of Lundy off the southwestern coast of England , where it is sufficiently isolated to have formed its own species , with its endemic insect pollinators .
Ectopioglossa is a far eastern genus of potter wasps .
The Valcouroceratidae is an oncocerid family from the middle and upper Ordovician , mainly of North America , consisting of genera characterized by exogastricly curved cyrtoconic and breviconic shells that change ontogeneticially from compressed to depressed or subtriangular and in which the siphuncle in ventral and actinosiphonate .
Nidimys occultus is a multituberculate which existed in the United States during the Edmontonian faunal stage of the upper Cretaceous period , and the only species in the genus Nidimys .
Caiman wannlangstoni is an extinct species of caiman that lived in Amazonia during the Middle and Late Miocene .
Tricardia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the borage family containing the single species Tricardia watsonii , which is known by the common name threehearts .
Nesiarchus nasutus , the Black gemfish , is a species of snake mackerel found in tropical and subtropical waters in most parts of the world , though not in east Pacific and north Indian waters .
Anadenidae is a taxonomic family of air - breathing land slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionidae ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
The Marantaceae are a family , the arrowroot family , of flowering plants known for its large starchy rhizomes .
The Ecdeiocoleaceae comprise a family of flowering plants .
Squalius ghigii , or Ladigesocypris ghigii , is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family , also known as the gizani or ghizáni .
The genus Dendrolycopodium is a clubmoss genus that some taxonomists have segregated from Lycopodium .
Gymnothamnion elegans ( syn . Callithamnion elegans Schousboe ex C.Agardh 1828 ) is a red alga species in the genus Gymnothamnion found in South Africa from Bakoven on Cape Peninsula to KwaZulu - Natal .
Megalophota leonella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Megalophota .
Crichtonsaurus is a dubious genus of herbivorous ankylosaurid ankylosaur dinosaur .
The Mexican small - eared shrew ( Cryptotis mexicana ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Abyssochrysos melanioides is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Abyssochrysidae .
Echinacea atrorubens , called the Topeka Purple Coneflower , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Boswellia papyrifera is a species of flowering plant that is native to Ethiopia , Eritrea and Sudan .
Grimmia antarctici is a species of moss that grows in areas of Antarctica such as the Windmill Islands .
Parmarion martensi is a species of air - breathing land semislug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae .
Muhlenbergia utilis is a species of grass known by the common name Aparejograss .
Peniocereus striatus is a species of cactus known by several common names , including gearstem cactus , cardoncillo , jacamatraca , sacamatraca , and dahlia - rooted cactus .
The Sonoran green toad ( Anaxyrus retiformis , in Spanish `` sapo verde de Sonora '' or `` sapo verde sonorense '' ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Bistolida diauges , common name : the square - spotted cowry , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Pseudagrion melanicterum , the Black - and - yellow Sprite , is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
The sole species is Acrobotrys discolor , which is endemic to Colombia .
Risiocnemis seidenschwarzi is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae and the only known species in the genus Risiocnemis .
Alpheidae is a family of caridean snapping shrimp characterized by having asymmetrical claws , the larger of which is typically capable of producing a loud snapping sound .
Brachycephalus izecksohni is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family endemic to Brazil .
Clavelina sabbadini is a species of tunicate ( sea squirt ) , in the genus Clavelina ( the `` little bottles '' ) .
Paronychia argyrocoma , the Silvery nailwort is a plant species native to the eastern United States .
Bothrops ammodytoides is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Argentina .
Benthophilus ctenolepidus is a species of goby widespread along the southern coasts of the Caspian Sea : in the Gorgansky Bay , also from Absheron to Astara at south .
Choiaella is an extinct genus of demosponge ranging from the Chengjiang lagerstatten until the Lower Silurian .
Mexipyrgus is a genus of very small freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae .
Erechtites is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known commonly as fireweeds or burnweeds .
Dictyna hamifera is spider species found in Finland and Russia .
Eupauloecus is a genus of spider beetles found in western North America .
The Apiosporaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota .
Eriogonum mohavense is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Western Mojave buckwheat .
Calochortus venustulus is a Mexican species of plants in the lily family native to central and eastern Mexico and bearing yellow flowers .
Hesperolinon micranthum is a species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common name smallflower dwarf flax .
Nannophrys ceylonensis , commonly known as the Sri Lanka rock frog or the Ceylon streamlined frog , is a species of frog .
Kolopsis is an extinct genus of diprotodontid marsupials from Australia and Papua New Guinea .
Amblema plicata , common name the Threeridge , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Arctostaphylos myrtifolia is a rare species of manzanita known by the common name Ione manzanita .
Pseudocroniades is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae . The genus is monotypic .
Phaedrolosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur , based on a single tooth possibly from the Valanginian - Albian - age Lower Cretaceous Lianmugin Formation of Wuerho , Xinjiang , China .
The Fiji parrotfinch ( Erythrura pealii ) is a species of estrildid finch endemic to Fiji that was formerly considered to be a subspecies of the red - headed parrotfinch .
Hoplocarida is a subclass of crustaceans .
Rosenbergia rufolineata is a species of longhorn beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae .
Elymus elymoides is a species of wild rye known by the common name squirreltail .
Ptychochromoides itasy is a species of cichlid fish from central Madagascar .
It is the only species in the genus Nothomicrodon , but shows none of the features of a hoverfly larva , and the genus may instead belong in the Phoridae .
Quercus chrysolepis , commonly termed canyon live oak , canyon oak , golden cup oak or maul oak , is a North American species of evergreen oak that is found in Mexico and in the western United States , notably in the California Coast Ranges .
Limenavis is a prehistoric bird genus from the Late Cretaceous .
Periclimenes imperator , known as the emperor shrimp , is a species of shrimp with a wide distribution across the Indo - Pacific .
Nicolletia , common name hole - in - the - sand plant , is a small genus of flowering plants in marigold tribe within the sunflower family .
Rossia pacifica , also known as the stubby squid , is a species of bobtail squid native to the northern Pacific Ocean .
Allium tenuicaule is an Asian species of wild onion found in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan .
Prosopis strombulifera is a species of mesquite or algarrobo , a shrub in the legume family .
Ribes sardoum , commonly called Sardinian currant , is a species of plant in the gooseberry family .
Pseudopharsalia flavostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudopharsalia .
Nemipterus bipunctatus , the Delagoa threadfin bream , is a species of threadfin bream native to Indian oceanic seas .
Epinephelus albomarginatus ( captain fine , white - edged grouper or white - edged rockcod ) is a species of fish in the Serranidae family .
Geminiraptor is a genus of troodontid dinosaur .
Allomyrina is a genus of rhinoceros beetle .
Columbicola extinctus , also known as the passenger pigeon chewing louse , is an extant species of phtilopterid louse that was once believed to have been extinct with its only known host , the passenger pigeon , prior to its rediscovery living on band - tailed pigeons .
Horabagrus nigricollaris is a species of catfish endemic to India .
Adelostigma is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1864 .
Pentasteria is an extinct genus of sea star that lived from the Early Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous .
Potentilla cristae is a rare species of cinquefoil known by the common name crested cinquefoil .
Pseudonemesia parva is a species of spider in the Microstigmatidae family .
The genus contains the single species Graciliscincus shonae ( Sadlier 's skink or gracile burrowing skink ) , found in New Caledonia .
Potamonautes rukwanzi is a species of crustacean in the family Potamonautidae .
Chlorogalum grandiflorum is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Red Hills soap plant .
Chondrometopum arcuatum is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Chondrometopum of the family Tephritidae .
Pachyrhabda is a genus of moth in the family Stathmopodidae .
Blasiaceae is a family of liverworts with only two species :
Eucarlia is a genus of spirobolidan millipedes containing six species ; most of which are endemic to the island nation of Seychelles , and one native to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi .
Erythrina flabelliformis , common name chilicote or Western coral bean , is a plant species native to central and northwestern Mexico and the southwestern United States .
Branchiobdellida are an order of leech - like clitellates that are mostly exoparasites of crayfish .
The Eumolpinae are a subfamily of the leaf beetles , or Chrysomelidae . They are oval , and convex in form , and measure up to 10 mm in size .
Fojia is a monotypic genus of skinks : the sole species is Fojia bumui , also known as the fojia skink .
Tombusviridae is a family of single - stranded positive sense RNA plant viruses .
Rhynchogadus hepaticus is a species of morid cod known only from the Mediterranean Sea where it occurs in the Gulf of Naples and near to Messina .
Aegopogon is a genus of New World plants in the grass family .
Abax parallelepipedus is a species of ground beetle native to Europe and the Nearctic .
Ligustrum expansum is a plant species native to China and Vietnam .
Pyralosis polycyclophora is a species of snout moth in the genus Pyralosis .
Sesarma reticulatum , the purple marsh crab or simply marsh crab , is a crab species native to the salt marshes of the eastern United States .
Synodontis schall , the Wahrindi , is a species of upside - down catfish widespread in northern Africa .
Jobinia is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae first described in 1885 .
Tienosuchus is a dubious extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian .
Elliot 's laughingthrush ( Trochalopteron elliotii ) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family .
Neotrigonia is a genus of living saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the family Trigoniidae , which otherwise consists only of fossil genera .
Afrocylindromorphus platysomus is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Afrocylindromorphus .
Conoppia palmicinctum is a species of mite in the family Cepheidae .
Coreus is a genus of leaf - footed bug in the Coreinae subfamily .
Saccoglossus is a genus of acorn worm ( Class Enteropneusta ) .
Nymphalis , commonly known as Tortoiseshells , or Anglewing butterflies is a genus of brush - footed butterflies .
Idotea linearis is a species of elongated isopod crustacean .
Eriogonum ternatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name ternate buckwheat .
Sarcococca saligna ( sweet box or Christmas box ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Buxaceae .
Paradecolya inexspectata is a species of insect , belonging to the family of Tettigonioidea .
Laurentaeglyphea neocaledonica is a species of glypheoid lobster , and the only species in the genus Laurentaeglyphea .
Cicindela hirticollis is a species of tiger beetle that is commonly found in sand bars and sandy beaches , is medium sized , is about 2 - -14 mm ( 0.08 - -0.55 in ) long , and is active in the summer .
Loxerebia is a butterfly genus of the Satyrinae . The genus is confined to China ( including Tibet ) , Mongolia , Burma , Thailand and Laos .
Cotoneaster cambricus ( Wild Cotoneaster ; Welsh : Creigafal y Gogarth `` rock apple of Gogarth '' ) is a species of Cotoneaster endemic to the Great Orme peninsula in north Wales .
Aztekium ritteri is a species of cactus , in the genus Aztekium .
Zygoballus nervosus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the eastern United States and Canada .
Agyneta palustris is a species of sheet weaver found in China .
Festuca rubra is a species of grass known by the common name red fescue or creeping red fescue .
The New Zealand stiff - tailed duck ( Oxyura vantetsi ) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which is known only from subfossil remains .
Phalaris paradoxa is a species of grass in genus Phalaris .
Cyathea henryi is a species of tree fern native to India and Yunnan in China , where it grows submontane and montane forest at an altitude of 600 - 1200 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and may be 5 - 7 m tall or more .
Staphylococcus ( from the Greek : σταφυλή , staphylē , `` grape '' and κόκκος , kókkos , `` granule '' ) is a genus of Gram - positive bacteria .
Hemiphractus helioi is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family .
Parasomatidia kaszabi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parasomatidia .
Navarretia breweri is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Brewer 's navarretia .
Chromis acares is a species of damselfish native to the Pacific Ocean .
Eoarthropleura was a genus of millipede - like creatures which lived between the Late Silurian and Late Devonian periods .
Palleon is a genus of small chameleons erected in 2013 for a small clade formerly assigned to the genus Brookesia .
Isodontosaurus is an extinct genus of iguanian lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia .
Anteros acheus is a species of butterflies of the Riodinidae family , found in Brazil , Surinam and Bolivia .
Maylandia emmiltos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the Mpanga Rocks near Chilumba .
Lotus procumbens is a species of legume known by the common name silky deerweed .
Lepidium jaredii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Jared 's pepperweed .
Phyllochoreia is a genus of grasshopper endemic to the Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka .
Zethalia zelandica , common name the wheel shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Stylidium humphreysii is a species of trigger plant endemic to desert regions of Western Australia .
Erythroxylum coca is one of two species of cultivated coca .
Polygonum marinense is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common name Marin knotweed .
Strophiceras is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Order Nautilida , which includes , in a separate family , Nautilus and Allonautilus .
Tonestus , common name serpentweed , is a genus of North American flowering plants in the aster family .
Leccinum aurantiacum , is a species of fungus in the genus Leccinum .
Chrysopogon aciculatus ( syn . Andropogon aciculatus ) is a species of grass native to the tropics of Asia , Polynesia , and Australia at low elevations .
Buchanania platyneura is a species of flowering plant in the family Anacardiaceae .
Echinoscelis hemithia is a species of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae .
Lizardfishes are benthic marine and estuarine bony fishes that comprise the aulopiform fish family Synodontidae .
Harpadon translucens ( Bombay duck , glassy Bombay duck , or ghost grinner ) is a species of lizardfish that lives in the mainly in the Indo - West Pacific .
Carex siderosticta is a species of sedge native to East Asia .
Tachina tricincta is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Austria .
Chamaesaracha is a genus of perennial herbs in the nightshade family which are known commonly as five eyes .
Palaeoteuthomorpha is a superorder of primitive coleoid cephalopods , containing the Boletzkyida , characterized by an orthoceroid - like phragmocone early in ontogeny and a teuthid living chamber later in ontogeny .
A single species , Archetypomys erlianensis , has been described from Inner Mongolia .
Heterotheca pumila , called the alpine goldenaster , is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family .
The Great Plains toad ( Anaxyrus cognatus ) is a relatively large species of true toad .
Neocrepidodera nobilis is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in France , Italy , and Switzerland .
Legionella longbeachae is one species of the family Legionellaceae .
Pucciphippsia is a genus of Arctic plants in the grass family , reported from Greenland , Svalbard , and Magadan .
Cyathea borneensis is a species of tree fern native to southern parts of Thailand and Cambodia , as well as the Malay Peninsula and Borneo , where it grows in lowland forest at an altitude of 400 - 1100 m. The trunk is erect and usually up to 2 m tall or more .
The Peloridiidae or moss bugs are a family of true bugs , comprising eighteen genera and thirty - four species .
The only species recognized is Synoum glandulosum , known commonly as Scentless Rosewood .
Tyrannosauridae ( or tyrannosaurids , meaning `` tyrant lizards '' ) is a family of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaurs which comprises two subfamilies containing up to eleven genera , including the eponymous Tyrannosaurus .
Therizinosauridae ( `` reaper lizards '' ) is a family of advanced herbivorous or omnivorous theropod dinosaurs .
Eupatorieae is a tribe of over 2000 species of plants in the aster family .
Eriogonum gypsophilum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Seven River Hills buckwheat and gypsum wild buckwheat .
Brisaster latifrons is a species of sea urchins of the family Schizasteridae .
Metapelma archetypon is an extinct species of parasitic wasp in the Eupelmidae genus Metapelma .
Leptotyphlops guayaquilensis , or the Guayaquila blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Lobatus goliath , previously known as Eustrombus goliath and Strombus goliath , common name the goliath conch , is a species of very large edible sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Psephosauriscus is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Middle Triassic of Israel and Egypt .
Agaricus impudicus , is a mushroom of the genus Agaricus , a familiar genus with many edible species .
Sinictinogomphus clavatus , the golden flangetail , is a species of dragonfly in the clubtail family Gomphidae .
Phacopidae is a family of phacophid trilobites that ranges from the Lower Ordovician to the Upper Devonian , with representatives in all paleocontinents .
Proepipona is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with seven described species .
Copeina guttata is a one of two fish species in the genus Copeina , which is in the family Lebiasinidae .
Typothoracisinae is a clade of aetosaurs within the subfamily Aetosaurinae .
Callionymus persicus is a species of dragonet native to the western Indian Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 100 metres ( 49 to 328 ft ) .
Gnathophis tritos was given its species epithet due to its being the third species in its genus discovered in the western Atlantic .
Cutandia is a genus of Asian and Mediterranean plants in the grass family .
Acacia koa is a species of flowering tree in the pea family , Fabaceae .
Rheum webbianum is a species of herbaceous perennials plants in the family Polygonaceae .
Delta dimidiatipenne is a species of Potter wasp from the warmer regions of the Palearctic which specielaises in the hunting of caterpillars and is therefore sometimes known as the caterpillar hunting wasp .
Lepetodrilidae is a family of small , deep - sea sea snails , hydrothermal vent limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Porcellionides myrmicidarum is a species of woodlouse in the Porcellionidae family that is endemic to Sicily .
Stenodermatinae is a large subfamily of bats in the family Phyllostomidae .
Tangavelleda tanzanicola is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tangavelleda .
The American soles are a family ( Achiridae ) of flatfish occurring in both freshwater and marine environments of the Americas .
Adelpha bredowii , commonly known as Bredow 's Sister , is a species of butterfly in the family Nymphalidae .
Prothalotia lesueuri , common name Lesueur 's top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Pseudoconorbis is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Eucalyptus clelandii , commonly known as Cleland 's blackbutt , is a species of eucalypt native to Western Australia .
Distoechodon is a genus of cyprinid fishes that occur in East Asia , one species endemic to mainland China and the other in both mainland China and Taiwan .
Ciliopagurus krempfi is a species of hermit crab from the Indo - Pacific .
Mikadotrochus hirasei , common name the emperor 's slit shell , is a species of large deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae , the slit snails .
Brookesia brygooi , commonly known as the leaf chameleon , is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar .
Allotoca is a genus of splitfins endemic to central Mexico .
Cornus clarnensis is an extinct species of flowering plant in the dogwood family , Cornaceae , solely known from the middle Eocene sediments exposed in north central Oregon .
Calymene ( meaning beautiful crescent as a reference to the glabella ) is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that are found throughout North America , North Africa , and Europe in primarily Silurian outcrops .
Torilis nodosa is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names knotted hedgeparsley and short sock - destroyer .
Amietophrynus buchneri ( common name : Buchner 's toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Curtimorda maculosa is a species of beetle in the Curtimorda genus .
Volkameria inermis ( glory bower ) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Volkameria of the family Lamiaceae , found in Australia , Asia , Malesia and the Pacific islands .
The Phyllodini are a tribe of moths in the Erebidae family .
Celaenorrhinus is a genus of skipper butterflies which are commonly termed sprites .
Citrus glauca is therefore one of the most resilient Citrus species , and is comparatively heat , drought , and cold tolerant .
Allium eusperma is a plant species native to the provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan in southern China .
The Deferribacteraceae are a family of bacteria , given their own phylum ( Deferribacteres ) .
Heteroclinus kuiteri , Kuiters weedfish , is a species of clinid native to the Indian Ocean coast of Australia .
Marasmius amazonicus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae .
Hamadryas argentea ( also called Silvery Buttercup ) is a species of plant in the Ranunculaceae family .
Copaifera panamensis , commonly known as the Cabimo is a species of flowering plant in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Panama .
Spartina gracilis is a species of grass known by the common name alkali cordgrass .
Paradoxodacna piratica is a species of fish in the family Ambassidae , the Asiatic glassfishes .
The herbaceous perennial plant Gentiana calycosa is a species of gentian known by the common names Rainier pleated gentian and mountain bog gentian .
Strempeliopsis is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1876 .
Buddleja axillaris is a shrub endemic to Madagascar , the Comoro Islands , and Tanzania , growing in forests at elevations of 300 - -1400 m. The species was first named and described by Willdenow in 1827
The genus is placed in its own family , Kiwaidae , in the superfamily Chirostyloidea .
Dysdera erythrina is a species of spider in the family Dysderidae .
Brachythemis fuscopalliata , the dark - winged groundling , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Boechera constancei is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Constance 's rockcress .
Shorea gibbosa ( also called Yellow Meranti ) is a large emergent rainforest tree species in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Antidesma puncticulatum , known as Mao Luang , is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family .
Platanthera nivea , commonly called the snowy orchid , is a species of orchid native to the Southeastern United States .
Crataegus apiifolia is a name sometimes used for some species of hawthorns .
Myrmecotypus is a spider genus that mimics ants .
Galeandra minax is a species of orchid native to Brazil and Venezuela .
Calamiana illota is a species of goby native to marine , brackish and fresh waters of Singapore , Thailand , Brunei and the Philippines .
Chlamydophila pneumoniae is a species of Chlamydophila , an obligate intracellular bacterium that infects humans and is a major cause of pneumonia .
Asterorhombus is a genus of lefteye flounders native to the Indo - Pacific .
Philometra Costa , 1845 is a genus of nematode , a parasite of marine and freshwater fishes .
Verticordia verticordina is a species of flowering plant in the Myrtaceae family .
Aphthona czwalinae is a species of leaf beetle known as the black leafy spurge flea beetle .
Pronesopupa orycta is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae .
Lupinus arcticus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Arctic lupine .
Deherainia is a genus of plants in the Theophrastaceae family , endemic to Central America .
Meiacanthus fraseri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean , around Cargados Carajos .
Triplophysa laterimaculata is a species of stone loach endemic to the Tarim Basin , Xinjiang .
The network wobbegong ( Orectolobus reticulatus ) is a recently described species of carpet shark found in relatively shallow waters off Kimberley and Darwin in north - western Australia .
Drymoana blanchardi is a species of sedge moths in the genus Drymoana .
Allium acutiflorum is a plant species in the amaryllis family native to northwestern Italy ( Liguria ) and to southeastern France ( including Corsica ) .
Eresus is a genus of velvet spiders comprising several species .
Paramicrodon is a genus of hoverflies , with eight known species .
Fusiturris undatiruga , common name the wrinkled turrid , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae .
The Tanzanian cheetah ( Acinonyx jubatus raineyii syn . Acinonyx jubatus fearsoni ) , also commonly known as East African cheetah or Kenyan cheetah , is a subspecies of cheetah native to East Africa .
Eccritotarsus is a genus of Miridae .
Minotaurasaurus is a genus of ankylosaurine ankylosaurid dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous .
Sinogastromyzon is a genus of hillstream loaches native to eastern Asia .
Longimactra elongata is a species of large bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae .
Metalectra tantillus , the Black Fungus Moth , is a species of moth of the Erebidae family .
The Trachypachidae ( or sometimes false ground beetles ) are a family of beetles that generally resemble small ground beetles , but that are distinguished by the large coxae of their rearmost legs .
The species was formally described in 1810 by Scottish botanist Robert Brown The widely cultivated variety known as Hemiandra pungens var . glabra is currently classified under the species name Hemiandra glabra and considered a mere synonym of the nominal species .
Thesprotia brevis is a species of praying mantis found in Paraguay .
Margarites helicinus , common name the helicina margarite or spiral margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
Anaphe stellata is a species of moth in the family Notodontidae .
Prosellodrilus amplisetosus is a species of earthworm native to Aquitaine in south - western France ; it has also been introduced to a site in County Louth , Ireland .
Askellia is a genus of Asian and North American plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Protobranchia is a subclass of bivalve molluscs .
Astele subcarinata , common name the subcarinate top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Fayodia is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family , and the type species of the genus Fayodia .
It contains only one species , Lithopolia confusa , which is found in Taiwan .
Potangaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish which existed in China during the Devonian period .
Hoplophthiracarus is a genus of mites in the family Steganacaridae .
Salvia pauciserrata is a variable and widely distributed species of Salvia native to Peru , north to Venezuela and Costa Rica .
The ' Braeburn ' is a cultivar of apple that is firm to the touch with a red / orange vertical streaky appearance on a yellow / green background .
Hibbertia cistiflora , commonly known as Rock Rose Guinea - flower , is a shrub species that is native to eastern Australia .
Logfia is a genus of herbaceous plants in the cudweed tribe of the sunflower family , known as the field cottonrose .
Amegilla dawsoni , sometimes called the Dawson 's burrowing bee is a species of bee that nests by the thousands in arid claypans in Western Australia .
Rana zhengi is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Sichuan , China .
Atrax is a genus of venomous spiders found in Australasia .
Epeoloides pilosulus is one of only two species in the bee genus Epeoloides ; it is cleptoparasitic in the nests of melittid bees of the genus Macropis .
Micropera utriculosa is a species of orchid in the genus Micropera first described by Oakes Ames in 1915 under the name Camarotis utriculosa .
Mytilopsis leucophaeata is a species of small bivalve mollusc in the false mussel family , Dreissenidae .
Euxanthe is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Charaxinae .
The San Quintin kangaroo rat ( Dipodomys gravipes ) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae .
Ischyromys is an extinct genus of rodent from North America .
Strumigenys trada is a species of ant that was discovered and described by Lin , C. C. & Wu , W. J. in 1996 .
Agoseris apargioides is a species in the sunflower family , is commonly called seaside agoseris or seaside false - dandelion .
Eleutherodactylus montanus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Cordillera Central , Dominican Republic , at elevations of 1,270 - -2,424 m ( 4,167 - -7,953 ft ) asl .
The Ariidae or ariid catfish are a family of catfish that mainly live in marine waters with many freshwater and brackish water species .
Oliva caroliniana , common name the carolinian olive shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
Stenolemus bituberus is a species of thread - legged insect ( Emesinae ) found across much of Australia .
Tabernaemontana muricata is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family .
Gondwanothrix halsei is a species of small crustaceans ( ca . 1.0 - -1.3 millimetres or 0.039 - -0.051 inches ) within the order Cladocera , in the suborder Anomopoda , placed in its own family , Gondwanotrichidae .
Quercus aucheri is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae family .
Eriogonum gracile is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name slender woolly buckwheat .
Agonoscelis is a genus of stink bugs that are native to the Afrotropics and Australia , but one species is established in the New World .
While the Mississippi kite is not an endangered species , it is protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 , which protects the birds , their eggs , and their nests ( occupied or empty ) from being moved or tampered with without the proper permits .
Konosirus punctatus is a species of fish in the family Clupeidae , the herrings and sardines .
Arthritica crassiformis is a species of small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Lasaeidae .
Echinothrix calamaris , known commonly as the banded sea urchin or double spined urchin among other vernacular names , is a species of sea urchin in the family Diadematidae .
Chiloglanis normani is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Côte d'Ivoire where it occurs in the Cavally River system .
Bahiopsis parishii known commonly as Parish goldeneye or shrubby goldeneye , is a North American species of flowering shrubs in the sunflower family .
Corsochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle that lived in the Late Cretaceous ( Campanian ) .
Praenuculidae is an extinct family of prehistoric bivalves in the superfamily Nuculoidea .
Nemopoda nitidula is a European species of fly and member of the family Sepsidae .
Chlorociboria is a genus of fungi within the subphylum Pezizomycetes .
Notoacmea subtilis is a minute species of sea snail or true limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae , one of the families of true limpets .
Xanthoparmelia pokomyi is a lichen species in the genus Xanthoparmelia .
Aegialia concinna is a species of beetle in family Scarabaeidae .
Phycodnaviridae is a family of large ( 100 - 560 kb ) double stranded DNA viruses that infect marine or freshwater eukaryotic algae .
The Micropholcommatidae are a family of araneomorph spiders with about 66 described species in 19 genera .
The Ngandong tiger ( Panthera tigris soloensis ) , is an extinct subspecies of tiger which lived in what is now the Sundaland region of Indonesia in the Pleistocene epoch .
Piratosaurus is a genus of plesiosaur , a type of marine reptile .
Neololeba is a tropical Asian , Australian , and Papuasian genus of bamboos in the grass family .
Bathornithidae is an extinct family of birds from the Eocene to Miocene of North America .
The genus is named for the first chancellor of the German Empire Otto von Bismarck and the epithet for its only species , Bismarckia nobilis , comes from Latin for ' noble ' .
Triplocephalum is a genus of flowering plants in the Inuleae tribe within the daisy family .
Encalypta is a genus of moss in the family Encalyptaceae ; commonly known as `` extinguisher moss '' .
Stenotus lanuginosus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names woolly mock goldenweed and woolly stenotus .
Bathyergoides is an extinct genus of rodent from Africa thought to be related to the modern blesmols .
Saussurea is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family , native to cool temperate and arctic regions of Asia , Europe , and North America , with the highest diversity in alpine habitats in the Himalaya and central Asia .
Vinca major , with the common names bigleaf periwinkle , large periwinkle , greater periwinkle and blue periwinkle , is species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae , native to the western Mediterranean .
Conus nobilis , common name the noble cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Afrocarpus gaussenii is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family .
Sorbus thibetica ( Tibetan whitebeam ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae , native to south western China and the Himalayas .
Daphnephila truncicola is a species of gall midge first associated with stem galls on Lauraceae species , particularly Machilus thunbergii in Taiwan .
Polyrhachis exercita is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae , found in India , Sri Lanka , Bangladesh .
The black - headed lizard , Liolaemus nigriceps , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Chrysosplenium wrightii , the Bering Sea Water - carpet , is a plant species native to northwestern North America and northeastern Asia .
Eriochloa contracta is a species of grass known by the common name prairie cupgrass .
Volkameria is a genus of flowering plants in the family ;
The Portulacaceae are a family of flowering plants , comprising about 20 genera with about 500 species , ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs .
Klarobelia megalocarpa is a species of flowering plants in the family Annonaceae .
Acantholycosa dudkorum is a species of wolf spider only known from the south - central Altai Mountains in Russia .
Arizona mantis is a common name applied to various species of praying mantis native to Arizona , particularly :
Cicadomorpha is an infraorder of the insect order Hemiptera which contains the cicadas , leafhoppers , treehoppers , and spittlebugs .
Adenocarpus decorticans also known as Silver broom , is a species of flowering plant in the Faboideae subfamily which is endemic to Sierra Nevada mountains , in Spain .
Naarda is a genus of moths containing 31 species .
Plagiomnium affine , the many - fruited thyme - moss , is a species of thyme - moss found in old - growth boreal forests in North America , Europe and Asia , growing in moist , but not wet , basic to slightly acidic micro - habitats in woodland and in turf .
Doellingeria infirma is listed as an endangered species by the state of Massachusetts .
Syzygium malaccense is a species of flowering tree native to Malaysia , Indonesia ( Sumatra and Java ) Vietnam , Thailand , New Guinea and Australia .
Delphinium parryi is a species of larkspur known by the common names San Bernardino larkspur and Parry 's larkspur .
Cteniloricaria platystoma is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname .
Oxyrhopus is a genus of colubrid snakes that belong to the subfamily Xenodontinae .
The Large - flowered Cypripedium ( Cypripedium macranthos ) is a species of orchid .
The Cheritrini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae ; they contain the imperials and allies .
Eleocharis montevidensis is a species of spikesedge known by the common name sand spikerush .
Dichanthelium hirstii is a species of grass known by the common name Hirst 's panic grass .
Sphodromantis gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in Gabon , Ghana , Guinea , Nigeria , Senegal , and Central African Republic .
Viverridae is a family of small to medium - sized mammals , the viverrids ( /vaɪˈvɛrɪdz/ ) , comprising 15 genera , which are subdivided into 38 species .
Alamitornis is an extinct genus of basal ornithuromorph bird , possible within the family Patagopterygidae .
Mussaenda villosa is a species of flowering shrub in the Rubiaceae family .
Holaspis is a genus of equatorial african lacertids in the family Lacertidae .
Polygala is a large genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Polygalaceae .
Clathrina angraensis is a species of the genus Clathrina from Brazil .
Aspidites ramsayi , commonly known as Ramsay 's python , woma python , and sand python , is a species of snake endemic to Australia .
It contains only one species , Mantua fulvosericea , which is endemic to Kauai , Oahu , Molokai and Lanai .
Graneledone yamana is a species of octopus in the genus Graneledone .
Vitis silvestrii ( known locally as hu bei pu tao , which means Hubei grape ) is a species of polygamo - dioecious plant in the grape family native to the forested slopes of western Hubei and southern Shaanxi in China from 300 to 1200 meters above sea level .
Macrosemiiformes is an extinct order of bony fish with one family , Macrosemiidae .
Floracarus perrepae is a species of herbivorous mite belonging to the family Eriophyidae , native to Queensland , Australia .
Fritillaria glauca is a species of fritillary known by the common names Siskiyou fritillary and Siskiyou missionbells .
Clathrina sinusarabica is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Egypt .
Gagea amblyopetala is an Eurasianan species of plants in the lily family , native to Greece , Turkey , Italy , Albania , Yugoslavia , Crimea , Moldova , and Ukraine .
Maja capensis , the Agulhas spider crab , is a species of crab in the family Majidae .
Fritillaria unibracteata is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family , native to Gansu , Qinghai , Sichuan Provinces in China .
Parazoanthus swiftii , commonly known as the golden zoanthid , is a species of coral in the order Zoantharia which grows symbiotically on several species of sponge .
Aptinus is a genus of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East .
Carex athrostachya is a species of sedge known by the common name slenderbeak sedge .
Barasaurus is an extinct genus of owenettid procolophonoid parareptile known from the late Late Permian and early Early Triassic of Madagascar .
Borojevia paracerebrum is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Borojevia from Mexico .
Ceropegia is a genus of plants within the family Apocynaceae , native to Africa , southern Asia , and Australia .
Corallina is a genus of red seaweeds with hard , abrasive calcareous skeletons in the family Corallinaceae .
Pereskia quisqueyana , commonly known as the Bayahibe Rose , is a species of cactus that is endemic to the Dominican Republic .
Kalamantania whiteheadi is a species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Dyakiidae .
Galinsoga caligensis is a Peruvian species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Acanthemblemaria exilispinus , the Bluntspine blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs from Costa Rica to Ecuador , in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Andinobates claudiae ( synonyms Dendrobates claudiae , Ranitomeya claudiae ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Heliodiaptomus kolleruensis is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae .
Stephanorrhina julia is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family , Cetoniinae subfamily , tribe Goliathini .
The only species that is a member of this genus is Aglaodorum griffithii .
Ranunculus occidentalis , the western buttercup , is a species of buttercup found in the western United States and Canada .
Liljeborgiidae is a family of amphipods , containing the following genera :
Microchrysa polita , the black - horned gem , is a European species of soldier fly .
Mimatybe pauliani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimatybe .
Colletes elegans a species of ground - nesting bee in the genus Colletes , which is found in Israel .
Suaeda taxifolia is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name woolly seablite .
Graphipterus serrator is a species of beetles in the family Carabidae .
Acacia ligulata is a species of Acacia , a dense shrub widespread in all states of mainland Australia .
Pygopleurus hirsutus is a species of beetle from the Glaphyridae family .
Rhus virens is a species of flowering plant in the mango family , Anacardiaceae , that is native to Arizona , southern New Mexico , and Texas in the United States as well as northern and central Mexico as far south as Oaxaca .
Agyneta equestris is a species of sheet weaver found in Central Europe and Ukraine .
Bellemerea is a genus of lichens in the family Lecideaceae .
The Montane African climbing mouse or remarkable climbing mouse ( Dendromus insignis ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Galeomorphii is a superorder of cartilaginous fishes which includes all modern sharks except the dogfish and its relatives .
Favonius orientalis is an East Palearctic species of hairstreak butterfly found in China , Amur , Ussuri , Kunashir , Japan , and Korea .
Chironius is a genus of New World colubrid snakes , commonly called sipos ( from the Portuguese word cipó for liana ) , savanes , or sometimes vine snakes .
Pantanodon is a genus of poeciliids native to East Africa and Madagascar .
Chaetocnema hortensis is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family .
Ecsenius bathi , known commonly as the Bath 's comb - tooth , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean .
Emarginula crassa , the thick slit limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Poa siphonoglossa is a rare species of grass known by the common names Kauai bluegrass and island bluegrass .
Leucothoe fontanesiana , the highland doghobble , fetter - bush , mountain doghobble or switch ivy , is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae , native to the southeastern United States .
Craugastor yucatanensis , also known as the Yucatan robber frog or Yucatan rainfrog , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Streptomyces coeruleofuscus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil ind Daghestan .
Sandhill Milkweed ( Asclepias humistrata ) is a species of milkweed plant .
Rhamphochromis ferox is a species of piscivorous cichlid endemic to deep waters of Lake Malawi and the upper reaches of the Shire River .
Pterolonchidae is a small family of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea .
Camellia reticulata ( syn . C. heterophylla ) is a species of Camellia native to southwestern China , in Yunnan Province .
Brachioteuthis is a genus of squid comprising five species .
Tinkerbella is a genus of fairy wasps , containing the single species T. nana from Costa Rica .
Hauerinidae is a large and diverse family of miliolid forams ( Loeblich & Tappan , 1988 ) that includes genera distributed among various subfamilies in the Treatise ( Loelich & Tappan 1964 ) as well as genera named and described since .
Batocera boisduvali , the Great Fig Tree Borer , is a species of flat - faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family , Lamiinae subfamily .
Oroya aurora is a moth in the Dalceridae family , and the only species in the genus Oroya .
Thymus herba - barona is a species of thyme native to Corsica , Sardinia , and Majorca .
Citharoides is a genus of citharid flounders native to the Indian and West Pacific Oceans .
Istiodactylidae is a small family of pterosaurs .
Shaw Mayer 's water rat ( Baiyankamys shawmayeri ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Anabarilius macrolepis was a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Anabarilius that was endemic to Yilong Lake .
Rosa davidii also known as Father David 's rose , is a rose species in the Rosaceae family , originating from western to central China and South - East Tibet in altitudes between 1600 and 3000 m above sea level .
Micranthes is a genus of flowering plants in the saxifrage family .
Pheidole purpurea is a dimorphic species of ant found in Mexico and Central America .
Darwinia glaucophylla is a plant species that is endemic to the Gosford area in the Australian state of New South Wales .
Malus sublobata is the botanical name for the yellow autumn crabapple , it is a species of the genus malus in the family Rosaceae , native to Japan .
Thorius schmidti ( common name : Schmidt 's pigmy salamander ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Plagiobothrys canescens is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name valley popcornflower .
Lampranthus roseus , the rosy dewplant , is an evergreen species of flowering succulent plant in the Aizoaceae family .
Papilio chitondensis is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Angola .
Phacelia cryptantha is a species of flowering plant in the borage family , Boraginaceae , known by the common name hiddenflower phacelia .
The Empire Cave Pseudoscorpion ( Fissilicreagris imperialis ) is a species of arachnid in family Neobisiidae .
Grindelia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Narrowleaf gumweed .
Gabanellia is an extinct genus of bony fish from the Late Triassic .
Vesperus jertensis is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Spain .
Puccinia mariae - wilsoniae , commonly known as the spring beauty rust , is a species of rust fungus found in North America .
The genus Monobaatar ( Kielan - Jaworowska , Dashzeveg & Trofimov , 1987 ) is known from the species Monobaatar mimicus , which itself is very poorly known .
Cyathea apiculata is a species of tree fern native to Sumatra , where it grows in montane rain forest at an altitude of about 1800 m. The trunk is erect and usually 5 m tall or more .
Pouteria villamilii ( also called White Nato ) is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family .
Astragalus pycnostachyus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name marsh milkvetch .
Potamogeton gramineus is a species of aquatic plant known by the common name various - leaved pondweed , variableleaf pondweed , grass - leaved pondweed or grassy pondweed , native to the northern hemisphere where it grows in shallow , clean water .
Parcoblatta fulvescens , the fulvous wood cockroach , is a species of cockroach endemic to the United States and possibly Canada that measures around 13 mm ( 0.5 in ) long .
Astyris rosacea , common name the rosy northern dovesnail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
Zyzzyx is a monospecific genus of sand wasp , containing a brightly colored , medium - sized species , Z. chilensis .
Pericasta virescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pericasta .
Craspedopomatidae is a family of very small land snails with a gill and an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa belonging to the clade Caenogastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Eugnathogobius siamensis is a species of goby .
Dichotomanthes is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Rosaceae .
Lysapsus limellum , sometimes known as the Uruguay harlequin frog , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in northern Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay , and Uruguay .
Senecio spartioides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name broom - like ragwort .
Rosa blanda , commonly known as the smooth rose , meadow / wild rose , or prairie rose , is a species of rose native to North America .
Penicillium soppii is a psychrotolerant species of the genus of Penicillium which produces cycloaspeptide A.
Nature writer David Quammen has called Argiope appensa `` almost certainly one of the larger species '' which were encountered in vast numbers during his research trip to Guam for the book The Song of the Dodo .
Scissor macrocephalus is a species of characin endemic to Suriname .
Tegenaria abchasica is a spider species found in Russia and Georgia .
Trinacromerum is an extinct genus of sauropterygian reptile belonging to the plesiosaur suborder .
Moray eels or Muraenidae are a family of cosmopolitan eels .
Ardeadoris angustolutea is a species of colourful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae .
Onychognathus is a genus of starlings , most of which are found in Africa .
Cerbera is a genus of evergreen small trees or shrubs , native to tropical Asia , Australia , Madagascar , and various islands in the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Echinodorus emersus is a species of plant in the Alismataceae from South America .
The Cerambyx cerdo , commonly known as great capricorn beetle , is a species of beetle in family Cerambycidae .
Thrichocalydon havrylenkoi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Thrichocalydon .
Psilocybe germanica is a species of psychedelic mushroom in the family Strophariaceae .
Parapeba lyciformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parapeba .
Coccoloba diversifolia , commonly known as pigeonplum , doveplum , pigeon Seagrape or tietongue , is a species of the genus Coccoloba native to coastal areas of the Caribbean , Central America ( Belize , Guatemala ) , southern Mexico , southern Florida ( coastal regions from Cape Canaveral to the Florida Keys ) and The Bahamas .
Pseudepipona is a genus of potter wasps found in the Palearctic , Nearctic , Afrotropical and Australian regions .
Leiopelma auroraensis , known as the Aurora frog , is an extinct species of frog that was found in New Zealand .
In terms of the species itself , Austrolestes colensonis is the largest damselfly in New Zealand , with an average length of 40 to 47 millimeters .
Euconulus fulvus is a species of very small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails .
Chromodoris tenuis is a species of colorful sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusk , a nudibranch in the family Chromodorididae .
Enterococcus avium , a species of Enterococcus , is most commonly found in birds .
It is the sole species of the genus Gomortega and , according to the APG II system of 2003 ( unchanged from the APG system of 1998 ) , of the monotypic family Gomortegaceae , assigned to the order Laurales in the clade magnoliids .
Phacelia inyoensis , the common name Inyo phacelia , is an uncommon species of phacelia .
Protitanichthys is a genus of comparatively large coccosteid arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian of the eastern United States .
The spider species Plebs eburnus is commonly referred to as the Eastern Grass Orb - weaver or the Eastern Bush Orb - weaver , and sometimes more simply the Bush Orb - weaver .
Uroleptus lamella is a species of protozoans .
Pandanus is a genus of monocots with some 750 accepted species .
Jatropha integerrima , commonly known as Peregrina or Spicy Jatropha , is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family , Euphorbiaceae , that is native to Cuba and Hispaniola .
Lewisia longipetala is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names long - petalled lewisia and Truckee lewisia .
Athous haemorrhoidalis is a species of European and Asian click beetle in the genus Athous .
The Buccinidae are a very large and diverse taxonomic family of large sea snails , often known as whelks or true whelks .
Aploactis aspera , the Dusky Velvetfish , is a species of velvetfish native to the western Pacific Ocean .
Calliprason elegans is a longhorn beetle species in the genus Calliprason .
Heteroponera imbellis is a species of ant , in the genus Heteroponera .
Oecomys phaeotis , also known as the dusky arboreal rice rat or dusky oecomys , is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae .
Tilapia busumana is a species of cichlid native to Lake Bosumtwi , the Bia River Basin , the Pra River Basin and the Tano River Basin in Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire .
Spirobolellus simplex is a species of millipede in the family Spirobolidae .
Argyrotaenia kimballi , Kimball 's Leafroller Moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Matsuichthys aequipinnis is a species of tubeshoulder found only in the Sulu Sea .
Acacia cincinnata , also known as the Daintree wattle , is a species of leguminous trees of the plant family Fabaceae , found naturally in north eastern Queensland .
Arctagrostis is a genus of Arctic and Subarctic plants in the grass family , native to colder parts of Europe , Asia , and North America .
Mentzelia albicaulis is a species of flowering plants in the family Loasaceae known by the common name whitestem blazing star , small flowered blazing star , white stemmed stickleaf .
Mordellistena pontica is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus and is in the Mordellidae family .
Apocleinae are a subfamily of assassin fly .
It is so distinct from other species that it was placed in its own genus , Irenomys , in 1919 .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Ascosorus floridanus .
The Niceforo 's wren ( Thryophilus nicefori ) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family .
Gephyrostegus is an extinct genus of gephyrostegid reptiliomorph amphibian .
Antennaria corymbosa is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name flat - top pussytoes or meadow pussytoes .
Penicillium herquei is an anamorph , filamentous species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreorosein , emodin , hualyzin , herquline B , janthinone , citrinin and duclauxin , .
Conchapelopia seoulpia is a species of fly belonging to the family Chironomidae ( the non - biting midges ) .
Tomistominae is a subfamily of crocodylians that includes one living species , the false gharial .
Euperipatoides kanangrensis is a species of velvet worm of the Peripatopsidae family , described in 1996 from specimens collected in Kanangra - Boyd National Park , New South Wales .
Plagiolirion is a genus of Colombian plants in the Amaryllis family .
Parmenopsis caucasica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parmenopsis .
Isodendrion pyrifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common name wahine noho kula .
Isophyllia sinuosa , the sinuous cactus coral , is a species of stony coral in the family Mussidae .
Cheilotheca is a small genus of myco - heterotrophic plants in the heath family ( Ericaceae ) .
Zinowiewia costaricensis is a species of tree in the Celastraceae family .
Anthelia glauca , the giant anthelia , is a species of soft coral in the family Xeniidae .
Velocipes ( meaning `` quick foot '' ) is a possible theropod dinosaur genus from the Late Triassic .
Empetrum nigrum , crowberry , black crowberry , or , in western Alaska , blackberry , is a flowering plant species in the heather family Ericaceae with a circumboreal distribution .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Chondroderris nevadensis .
Pelagic pipefish , Syngnathus phlegon , is a pipefish species , inhabits the Mediterranean Sea and closed part of the Atlantic Ocean .
Penicillium polonicum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penicillic acid , verucosidin , patulin , anacine , 3-methoxyviridicatin and glycopeptides .
Boltonia asteroides , the white doll 's daisy , false chamomile , or false aster , is a species of plant native to the United States and Canada .
Sphaeroma is a genus of aquatic isopod crustaceans , part of the family Sphaeromatidae .
Nucula is a genus of very small saltwater clams .
Mimohippopsis inaequalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimohippopsis .
Adesmia balsamica is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Genista canariensis is a species of broom known by the common name Canary broom , or Canary Islands broom .
The Aulacidae are a small , cosmopolitan family , with two extant genera containing some 200 known species .
Orthalicus reses , common name the Stock Island , Florida tree snail , is a species of large tropical air - breathing land snail , a tree snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae .
Mycalesis perseoides is a species of Satyrine butterfly ( family Nymphalidae ) found in Asia ( Burma , Thailand , Langkawi Island , Peninsular Malaya , Indochina , Yunnan )
Cochliobolus lunatus is the most commonly reported species in clinical cases of reported Cochliobolus infection .
Diglossopis was a genus of blue flowerpiercers in the family Thraupidae .
Cliona californiana is a species of demosponge belonging the family Clionaidae .
Lamellaria ophione is a species of small , slug - like sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Velutinidae .
Sturisoma robustum is a species of armored catfish native to the La Plata Basin of Argentina , Brazil and Paraguay .
Piptocoma , common name velvetshrub , is a genus of Caribbean and Latin American plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family .
Geissorhiza is a genus of about 80 species of deciduous perennial flowering plants in the iris family first described as a genus in 1803 .
Cerastoderma glaucum , commonly known as the lagoon cockle , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae , the cockles .
Archaeamphora longicervia is an extinct species of flowering plant and the only member of the genus Archaeamphora .
Lecanicillium muscarium is the approved name of an entomopathogenic fungus species , that was previously widely known as Verticillium lecanii ( Zimmerman ) Viegas ) , but is now understood to be an anamorphic form in the Cordyceps group of genera in the Cordycipitaceae .
Symphoricarpos guadalupensis , McKittrock 's snowberry , is a rare North American species of plants in the honeysuckle family .
Cheiracanthium punctorium , one of several species commonly known as the yellow sac spider , is a spider found from central Europe to Central Asia .
Cupressus lusitanica , ( cedro blanco ; teotlate , distinctive names used in Mexico ) ; cedro blanco means white cedar and is also known as Mexican white cedar or cedar - of - Goa , is a species of cypress native to Mexico and Central America ( Guatemala , El Salvador and Honduras ) .
Luchuena hachijoensis is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae .
Pseudomunida fragilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Chirostylidae .
Qianxisaurus is an extinct genus of pachypleurosaur or alternatively a basal eosauropterygian known from the Middle Triassic ( Ladinian age ) of Guizhou Province , southwestern China .
Laminaria is a genus of 31 species of brown algae commonly called `` kelp '' .
Listerella paradoxa is a slime mould species from the subclass Myxogastria and the only member of its genus as well as the family Listerelliidae .
Ochrobactrum oryzae is an endophytic bacterial species .
Cycloloma is a monotypic genus which contains the sole species Cycloloma atriplicifolium , which is known by the common names winged pigweed , tumble ringwing , plains tumbleweed , and tumble - weed .
Balanophyllia is a genus of solitary corals in the family of stony corals .
The Sphaerosepalaceae are a family of flowering plants including 14 species of trees and shrubs in two genera , Dialyceras and Rhopalocarpus , all of which are endemic to Madagascar .
Spironemidae is a family of heterotrophic flagellates .
Choristoneura parallela , the parallel - banded leafroller moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Arabis serotina is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name shale barren rockcress .
Psarolepis ( /sæˈrɒlɨpɨs/ ; psārolepis , from Greek ψαρός ' speckled ' and λεπίς ' scale ' ) is a genus of extinct lobe - finned fish which lived around 397 to 418 million years ago ( Pridoli to Lochkovian stages ) .
Campylomormyrus is a genus of elephantfish , one of twenty in the family Mormyridae .
Cytora ampla is a species of small land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Pupinidae .
Stanhopea candida is a species of orchid endemic to southern tropical America ( Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela ) .
Helenium flexuosum is a North American plant species in the daisy family known by the common name purple sneezeweed .
Eriogonum siskiyouense is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Siskiyou buckwheat .
Pterotragula leucoloma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pterotragula .
Danthonioideae is a mainly southern hemisphere subfamily of grasses , containing the single tribe Danthonieae and three unplaced genera , with altogether roughly 300 species .
Aspidiotus is a genus of armoured scale insects .
Astragalus gilmanii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gilman 's milkvetch .
Anastrangalia sanguinolenta is a species of flower longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Lepturinae .
Grevillea juncifolia , commonly known as Honeysuckle Grevillea , is a shrub or small tree species that is native to inland Australia .
Pseudunela cornuta is a species of minute sea slug , an acochlidian , a shell - less marine and temporarily brackish gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudunelidae .
Nassarius glans , common name the acorn dog whelk , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Brickellia baccharidea ( resinleaf brickellbush ) is a North American species of shrubs in the sunflower family .
De Brazza 's monkey is a sexually dimorphic species ; males weigh around 7 kilograms , while females weigh around 4 kilograms .
Cardamine breweri is a species of cardamine known by the common name Brewer 's bittercress .
Correa reflexa var . nummulariifolia , also known as Roundleaf Correa , is a variety of Correa reflexa endemic to Tasmania in Australia .
Diandrochloa is a genus of plants in the family Poaceae .
Eriodictyon trichocalyx is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name hairy yerba santa .
It is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pegleromyces collybioides , found in Brazil and described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1981 .
Rhaphischismatidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superorder Vetigastropoda .
Alcidodes porosus is a species of beetle belonging to the true weevil family .
Huntoniatonia is genus of trilobites , an extinct group of marine arthropods of average to large size ( up to 15 cm long ) .
Neofreocorus novaki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neofreocorus .
Chamaebryum is a genus of moss in the family Gigaspermaceae ; it contains the single species Chamaebryum pottioides .
Dolomena plicata , common name the pigeon conch , is a species of medium - sized to large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Grevillea buxifolia , commonly known as the grey spider flower , is a species of the family Proteaceae .
Leptotyphlops rostratus , or Bocage 's blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
The family Peramuridae is a possible ancestor of early therians .
Chrysosplenium iowense is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Iowa golden - saxifrage .
It contains only one species , Brasiliopuntia brasiliensis .
Persicaria bistorta ( bistort , common bistort , or meadow bistort ) is a species of flowering plant native to Europe and north and west Asia .
Valeriana alypifolia is a species of plant in the family Caprifoliaceae .
Penicillium commune is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which occurs in dry - cured meat products and cheese .
Menticirrhus americanus , the southern kingfish , southern kingcroaker , the king whiting , the Carolina whiting , or the sea mullet , is a species of marine fish in the family Sciaenidae .
Acronia luzonica is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in Asia it is endemic to the Philippines .
The Buffalo sculpin , scientific name Enophrys bison , is a species of saltwater fish , a sculpin .
Commonly known as Philippine downy mildew , this disease is caused by the species Peronosclerospora philippinensis of the fungal - like protist class Oomycetes , which also has members such as water molds and Phytophthora infestans , which caused the potato blight that led to the Great Irish famine .
Radinosiphon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae first described as a genus in 1932 .
Anisopodus curvipes is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Martins in 1974 .
Schiedea stellarioides is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name lau lihilihi .
Brasiliothelphusa tapajoensis is a species of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae , and the only species in the genus Brasiliothelphusa .
Cleome rutidosperma commonly known as Fringed Spider Flower or Purple Cleome is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cleome of the family Cleomaceae , native to Tropical Africa .
Nebria turmaduodecima is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of California .
Magyarus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family ( jumping spiders ) with a single species , described from a single male specimen from Vietnam .
Scaphophyllum speciosum is a species of plant in the family Solenostomataceae .
Ranunculus longirostris , the longbeak buttercup , is a plant species of the genus Ranunculus .
Lophiostoma is a genus of fungi in the family Lophiostomataceae .
Strauzia rugosum is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Strauzia of the family Tephritidae .
Antrodiaetus is a spider genus in the family Antrodiaetidae with species found in the United States and Japan .
Athroostachys is a Brazilian genus of bamboo in the grass family .
Halodule pinifolia is a seagrass species in the genus Halodule .
Frigidorchis is a genus of terrestrial orchids endemic to the Qinghai region of southern China .
Drimia maritima ( syn . Urginea maritima ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae ( formerly the family Hyacinthaceae ) .
Psilocybe cyanescens ( sometimes referred to as wavy caps or as the potent Psilocybe ) is a species of potent psychedelic mushroom .
Bullia annulata , common name the annulated plough shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Proustia is a genus of flowering plants in the gerbera tribe daisy family , native to South America and the West Indies .
Psychotria poeppigiana is a plant species in the family Rubiaceae ; a common name is sore - mouth bush , though it is not very often used .
Peristrominous dolosus , the Deceitful velvetfish , is a species of velvetfish endemic to the oceans around Australia .
Eresus rotundiceps is a spider species found in Ukraine and Turkmenistan .
Trachischium guentheri , commonly known as the rosebelly worm - eating snake or Günther 's Oriental slender snake , is a species of colubrid snake , which is endemic to Asia .
Hsisosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodyliform from China .
Packera antennariifolia , the shale barren ragwort , is a species of the genus Packera and family Asteraceae .
Chenopodium pratericola is a species of flowering plant in the goosefoot family known by the common name desert goosefoot .
`` The nautiloid cephalopod order Ascocerida in the British Silurian '' .
The Turkestan rat ( Rattus pyctoris ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Palpopleura portia , the Portia Widow , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Calliophis intestinalis , commonly known as the banded Malaysian coral snake , is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Southeast Asia .
Archezoa was a kingdom proposed by Thomas Cavalier - Smith for eukaryotes that diverged before the origin of mitochondria .
Draco norvillii , also known as Norvill 's flying lizard , is species of agamid flying lizard endemic to India .
Palaemonidae is a family of shrimp in the order Decapoda .
Diplovertebron is an extinct genus of Anthracosauria ( Labyrinthodont ) that lived in the Late Carboniferous period ( Moscovian ) ( 300 million years ago ) .
Arabis kennedyae , the Troodos Rockcress , is a species of flowering plant in the Brassicaceae family .
Enterobacter is a genus of common Gram - negative , facultatively anaerobic , rod - shaped , non - spore - forming bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae .
Missulena torbayensis is a species of spider belonging to the family Actinopodidae .
Microsorum scandens , commonly called fragrant fern is a species of fern within the Polypodiaceae family .
Baphetes is an extinct genus of tetrapod .
Bathyraja leucomelanos or domino skate is a species of softnose skate , closely related to Bathyraja spinicauda .
Alsodes kaweshkari is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to southern Chile where it is known from two localities ( Puerto Edén and Seno Huemules ) .
Nesticella is a genus of spiders that occurs from Russia to Japan , down to Indonesia and several other islands , including New Guinea .
Boletus barragensis is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to Australia .
Masteria is a genus of mygalomorph spiders that occurs in the tropics of Central to South America , Asia and Micronesia , with one species found in Australia .
Tetrachondra is a plant genus and a member of the family Tetrachondraceae .
Carphophis vermis ( common name western worm snake ) is a species of small , nonvenomous colubrid snake native to the United States .
Ruellia is a genus of flowering plants commonly known as ruellias or wild petunias .
Streptomyces malaysiensis is a streptomycete bacterium species .
Ceratophyllidia papilligera ( commonly referred to as the Black Spotted Nudibranch ) is a species of sea slugs , dorid nudibranch , shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Phyllidiidae .
Clupeonella is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family .
Plioplatecarpinae is a subfamily of mosasaurs , a diverse group of late Cretaceous marine squamates .
Acheilognathus barbatulus is a species of freshwater ray - finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus .
Acartauchenius desertus is a species of sheet weaver found in Kazakhstan .
Fissurella virescens , common name the green Panama keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
Artemisia pallens is a preferred food for the larvae of a number of butterfly species .
Melica bonariensis , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Argentina where it can be found in such provinces as Buenos Aires ( Bahía Blanca ) , La Pampa , and Rio Negro .
Genista tinctoria ( dyer 's greenweed or dyer 's broom ) is a species of flowering plant of the family Fabaceae , native to meadows and pastures in Europe and Turkey .
Thuarea is a genus of plants in the grass family , native to Asia , Africa , Australia , and various islands of the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Bossiaea walkeri , also known as Cactus Bossiaea or Cactus Pea , is a species of flowering plant in the pea family ( Fabaceae ) .
Parasicydium bandama is a species of goby native to fast - flowing streams and rivers of Middle Africa and the Ivory Coast .
Musa bukensis is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) from the Solomon Islands .
Phyllogobius platycephalops , the Slender spongegoby , is a species of goby native to the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs on reefs at depths of from 2 to 18 metres ( 6.6 to 59.1 ft ) .
The flowering plant genus Ipheion ( starflower , spring starflower ) belongs to Allioideae subfamily of the Amaryllidaceae family .
Geranium pratense , the meadow crane's - bill or meadow geranium , is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium and family Geraniaceae .
Okenia leachii is a species of sea slug , a Dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae .
Eastmanalepes primaevus is an extinct species of prehistoric jack fish that lived from the Lutetian epoch , of what is now Monte Bolca , Italy .
Dracula vampira is an epiphytic orchid species , endemic to Ecuador .
Icelastatis galerucoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Icelastatis .
Chrysoperla lucasina is a species of Neuropteran belonging to the family Chrysopidae ( subfamily Chrysopinae ) .
Arctomecon merriamii is a species of poppy known by several common names , including desert bearpoppy , white bearpoppy , and great bearclaw poppy .
Geminigeraceae is a family of cryptophytes containing the five genera Geminigera , Guillardia , Hanusia , Proteomonas and Teleaulax .
Aponogeton azureus is a species of plant in the Aponogetonaceae family .
Calosoma elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Calosoma found in Kazakhstan .
Conus crocatus , common name the saffron cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Gwawinapterus is a genus of Mesozoic animal known from a single fossil specimen , representing the single species Gwawinapterus beardi , from the late Cretaceous period of British Columbia , Canada .
Gnophos dumetata , the Irish annulet , is a species of moth in the family Geometridae .
The family Psittacidae is one of three families of true parrots , and consists of two subfamilies , the Old World or Afrotropical parrots of Psittacinae ) and the New World or Neotropical parrots of Arinae .
Emeryopone is a small genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Neotogaria is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Thyatirinae .
Nebria lyelli is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the U.S. state of California .
Mesocapromys is a genus of rodent in the family Capromyidae .
Billia is a genus of two species of tree native to the Americas , from central Mexico to Ecuador .
Botryosphaeria disrupta is a plant pathogen that causes canker and dieback in several important plant species such as mango and avocado .
Excessive economic exploitation as well as the shrinking and degradation of its habitat have made the Polish cochineal a rare species .
Xenotaenia resolanae , the Leopard Splitfin , is a species of splitfin endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Purificación and Marabasco River basins .
Codringtonia neocrassa is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Cheloderus childreni is a species of beetle belonging to the family Oxypeltidae .
Joldagiroceras is an orthocerid genus that lived during the Late Silurian , Ludlovian stage .
Chorthippus scalaris , the Large mountain grasshopper , is a species of ' short - horned grasshoppers ' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae .
Hololepta aequalis is a species of beetle belonging to the Histeridae family .
Reicheltia halsteadi , Halstead 's toadfish , is a species of pufferfish endemic to Australia .
Harpalus apache is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae .
Ribes erythrocarpum is an uncommon North American species of currant known by the common name Crater Lake currant .
Rhinophis tricolorata is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family .
Eriogonum parvifolium is a species in the Polygonaceae family that occurs on dune formations in the coastal area of Central and Southern California .
The Pseudostigmatidae are a family of tropical damselflies , known as helicopter damselflies , giant damselflies , or forest giants .
Callisia gentlei is a species of flowering plant in the spiderwort family , Commelinaceae , that is native to southern Mexico , Guatemala , Belize , and Honduras .
Arisaema erubescens is a flowering plant species in the genus Arisaema , endemic to Nepal .
Serrivomer is a genus of deep - sea eel in the family Serrivomeridae .
Plagiobothrys arizonicus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Arizona popcornflower .
Dictyoptera ( from Ancient Greek diktuon `` net '' + pteron `` wing '' ) is an insect superorder that includes two orders of polyneopterous insects - the termites and cockroaches ( both order : Blattodea ) along with the mantids ( order : Mantodea ) .
Aralia elata is closely related to the American species Aralia spinosa , with which it is easily confused .
The Cuban high - crested toad or Gundlach 's Caribbean toad ( Peltophryne gundlachi , in Spanish saptito matraca ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is endemic to Cuba .
Arrhamphus sclerolepis is the only species in the genus Arrhamphus of halfbeak found in coastal waters of the Indo - West Pacific around Papua New Guinea and Australia , and in the freshwaters of adjacent river systems .
Rathbunella is a genus of ronquils native to the eastern Pacific Ocean .
Eimeria maxima is a species of Eimeria that causes coccidiosis in poultry .
Dudleya verityi is a rare species of succulent plant known by the common name Verity 's liveforever .
Pubescibidion pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Pubescibidion .
The Nautilida constitute a large and diverse order of generally coiled nautiloid cephalopods that began in the mid Paleozoic and continues to the present with a single family , the Nautilidae which includes two genera , Nautilus and Allonautilus , with six species .
Metanephrops mozambicus ( commonly known as the African lobster ) is a species of lobster that lives around south - east of Madagascar .
Agnotherium is an extinct genus of large terrestrial carnivores belonging to the suborder Caniformia , family Amphicyonidae ( `` bear dog '' ) , and which inhabited Euroasia and North Africa from the Early Miocene subepoch to the Middle Miocene subepoch 16.9 - -11.6 Mya , existing for approximately 5.3 million years .
Opsilia molybdaena is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family , that can be found in North Africa , South and Southeast Europe .
Eimeria bufomarini is a species of coccidium , known to infect the epithelial cells of the intestines of Brazilian Cane Toads .
Paragunnellichthys is a genus of wormfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Campylobacter coli is a Gram - negative , microaerophilic , non - endospore forming , S - shaped bacterial species within genus Campylobacter .
Crataegus jonesae is a species of hawthorn native to New England .
Mitrophyllum is a genus of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae , indigenous to the arid region around the Richtersveld , on the border of South Africa and Namibia .
The Argentine black and white tegu ( Salvator merianae ) , also called the Argentine giant tegu , is the largest species of tegu lizard .
Papilio paeon is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , Costa Rica , Venezuela and Colombia .
Stephanomeria malheurensis , the Malheur wirelettuce , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Pseudoeurycea tenchalli ( common name : bearded salamander , in Spanish tlaconete con barba ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Diasparactus is an extinct genus of diadectid amphibians , a group quite closely related to the amniotes , and paralleling some of their features .
Potamogeton octandrus is an aquatic plant species in the genus Potamogeton .
Philodromus lividus is a spider species found in Europe ( Portugal , France , Italy , Croatia ) and North Africa ( Morocco , Algeria ) .
Scaglia 's tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys scagliai ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Rhynchocymba is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Pleistocene epoch .
Chrysomantis tristis is a species of praying mantis endemic to Nigeria .
Cyathea catillifera is a species of tree fern native to eastern New Guinea , where it grows in montane scrub at an altitude of about 2800 m and above .
Aphyosemion australe ( Cape Lopez lyretail , lyretail panchax ) is a species of freshwater fish belonging to the Nothobranchiidae family .
Senna armata is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names spiny senna and desert senna .
Juncus breweri is a species of rush known by the common name Brewer 's rush .
Tritrichomonas is a genus of single celled flagellated protozoan parasites , some of whose species are known to be pathogens of the bovine reproductive tract as well as the intestinal tract of felines .
The Transvaal lion ( Panthera leo krugeri ) , also known as Southeast African lion or Kalahari lion is a subspecies of the lion that lives in southern Africa , including Kruger National Park and the Kalahari Region .
Luciopimelodus pati is a South American species of freshwater long - whiskered catfish that inhabits the basin of the Río de la Plata and the Blanco River of Argentina , Brazil and Paraguay .
Atractaspis corpulenta , or the fat burrowing asp , is a species of snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Acroneuria internata is a species of stonefly in the Perlidae family .
Labiatophysa microphthalma is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Labiatophysa .
The type species is Calmasuchus acri .
The genus Sciurus contains most of the common , bushy - tailed squirrels in North America , Europe , temperate Asia , Central America and South America .
Eucryphia glutinosa ( nirrhe ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cunoniaceae , native to moist woodland habitats in Chile .
Cytinus visseri is an erect , perennial , and a dioecious species .
Westphaliasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaurid from Lower Jurassic ( Pliensbachian stage ) deposits of Westfalia , northwestern Germany .
Hyalella azteca is a widespread and abundant species of amphipod crustacean in North America .
Pseudechis australis , commonly known as the king brown- or mulga snake , or Pilbara cobra , is a species of venomous snake found in Australia .
Geminiviridae is a family of plant viruses .
Anodontosaurus is an extinct genus of ankylosaurid dinosaurs within the subfamily Ankylosaurinae .
Ochrocephala is a genus of Ethiopian flowering plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family .
Pisidium tenuilineatum , the fine - lined pea mussel , is a species of very small freshwater bivalve in the family Sphaeriidae .
Austromorium flavigaster is a species of ant belonging to the genus Austromorium .
Kuhlia sandvicensis , the Reticulated flagtail , is a species of flagtail native to the waters around several Pacific islands where it occurs in fresh , brackish and marine waters .
Corymbia greeniana , commonly known as Dampier 's Bloodwood , is a species of plant in the myrtle family that is native to northern Western Australia .
The Cambodian striped squirrel ( Tamiops rodolphii ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Cnemathraupis is a small genus of mountain tanagers found in South America .
Emblemariopsis arawak is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from tropical reefs in the Caribbean Sea .
Lucasium byrnei , the gibber gecko or Byrne 's gecko , is a species of small , nocturnal gecko endemic to Australia .
Aluterus schoepfii , the orange filefish , is a species of fish in the Monacanthidae family .
Eriogonum evanidum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name vanishing wild buckwheat .
Astroloba bullulata is a small , compact species of Astroloba , that reaches a height of about 30 cm . It has a dark green to deep olive - red colour .
Elateropsis lineatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family , that can be found in South America in countries such as Chile .
Eotyrannus ( meaning `` dawn tyrant '' ) is a genus of tyrannosauroid theropod dinosaur hailing from the Early Cretaceous Wessex Formation beds , included in Wealden Group , located in the southwest coast of the Isle of Wight , United Kingdom .
Osbeckia chinensis is a plant species in the genus Osbeckia .
Crepidula ustulatulina is a species of small sea snail , a slipper snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae , the slipper snails or slipper limpets , cup - and - saucer snails , and Chinese hat snails .
Papilio veiovis is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Sulawesi .
Myrica arborea ( sometimes Morella arborea ) is a species of plant in the Myricaceae family .
Eryngium pendletonensis ( syn . E. pendletonense ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Pendleton button - celery .
Scardinius graecus , also called the Greek rudd or Yliki rudd , is a species of cyprinid fish , only known from a single lake , Lake Yliki , in Greece .
Spinosaurus ( meaning `` spine lizard '' ) is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in what now is North Africa , during the lower Albian to lower Cenomanian stages of the Cretaceous period , about 112 to 97 million years ago .
Myoleja mailaka is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae .
The Stephanoberyciformes are an order of marine ray - finned fishes , consisting of about 68 species , the majority ( 61 ) of which belong to the ridgehead family ( Melamphaidae ) .
Syngnathus macrobrachium ( large - fin pipefish ) is a species of the pipefishes , which is common in the southern - eastern Pacific in the coastal waters from Tumbes ( Peru ) to Puerto Montt ( Chile ) .
Hylobittacus apicalis is a species of hangingfly in the order Mecoptera , and the only species within the genus Hylobittacus .
Camarillasaurus is a genus of basal ceratosaurian theropod dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous of Camarillas , Teruel Province , in what is now northeastern Spain .
Cryptotermes brevis is a species of termite in the Kalotermitidae family , commonly known as the West Indian drywood termite or the powderpost termite .
Astragalus nevinii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name San Clemente Island milkvetch .
The Bostrichidae are a family of beetles with more than 700 described species .
Ceratodus ( Greek for `` horned tooth '' ) was a wide - ranging genus of extinct lungfish .
Dissochondrus ( false bristlegrass ) is a genus of Hawaiian plants in the grass family .
Nycteroleter is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile known from the Middle Permian of European Russia .
It contains only one species , Phryganeopsis brunnea , which is found in California .
The Ericaceae are a family of flowering plants , commonly known as the heath or heather family , found most commonly in acid and infertile growing conditions .
Mahonia japonica is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae , native to Taiwan .
Agonandra macrocarpa is a species of plant in the Opiliaceae family .
Zarudny 's jird ( Meriones zarudnyi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Maaradactylus is a genus of anhanguerid pterosaur known from Lower Cretaceous rocks of northeastern Brazil .
Tabernaemontana undulata , the Becchete or Bëcchëte ( pronounced B'-chéw - teh , a Matis and Matsés word for a medicinal plant ) is a milkwood species in the family Apocynaceae .
Protocalliphora or bird blowflies are a blow fly genus containing many species which are obligate parasites of birds .
Clubiona aducta is a sac spider species found in Portugal and Spain .
Erosaria nebrites , common name the false margined cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Isocoma tenuisecta , commonly called burroweed , shrine jimmyweed , or burrow goldenweed is a North American species of small , flowering perennial herbs in the sunflower family .
Xyliphius melanopterus is a species of banjo catfish found in Ecuador , Peru and Venezuela where it occurs in the upper Amazon and Orinoco River basins .
Tochisaurus ( meaning `` Ostrich lizard '' ) is a genus of small troodontid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of Mongolia .
Argyrodendron is a genus of mainly trees in the mallow family Malvaceae .
Haplochromis microchrysomelas is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu in Rwanda .
Mixogaster is a genus of hoverflies native to North America and South America , with 19 known species .
Echinocereus knippelianus is a species of hedgehog cactus .
Erythronium krylovii is a plant species known only from the Tuva and Krasnoyarsk regions in Siberia .
Trinucleidae is a family of small to average size asaphid trilobites that first occurred at the start of the Ordovician and went extinct at the end of that period .
Allium qasyunense is a Middle Eastern species of onions in the amaryllis family , found in Israel , Palestine , Syria and Jordan .
The Opisthocoelicaudiinae is a clade of titanosaurian dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous , ranked as a subfamily .
Lactarius cistophilus is a species of fungus of the milk - cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales .
Eriophora pustulosa , commonly called the garden orbweb spider is a common small species of spider found in Australia and New Zealand .
Argyroxiphium kauense ( Mauna Loa silversword , also commonly known as Kaʻū silversword ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
Adenoviruses ( members of the family Adenoviridae ) are medium - sized ( 90 - -100 nm ) , nonenveloped ( without an outer lipid bilayer ) viruses with an icosahedral nucleocapsid containing a double stranded DNA genome .
Maxwellia gemma , common name : the gem murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Terminalia acuminata was a species of plant in the Combretaceae family .
Marrus orthocanna is a species of pelagic siphonophore , a colonial animal composed of a complex arrangement of zooids , some of which are polyps and some medusae .
Blandfordia punicea , commonly known as Tasmanian Christmas bell , is a species of flowering plant which is native to western Tasmania in Australia .
Adiantum aleuticum ( western maidenhair fern , Aleutian maidenhair ) is a species of fern in the genus Adiantum , native mainly to western North America from the Aleutian Islands of Alaska , south to Chihuahua , and also locally in northeastern North America from Newfoundland south to Maryland .
Hypsoblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans .
Niphovelleda gracilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Niphovelleda .
Dendrobium secundum , also known as the toothbrush orchid , is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae and in the Dendrobium genus .
Lactuca dissecta ( split - leaf lettuce ) is an Asian species of plant in the dandelion tribe within sunflower family family .
Fender 's blue butterfly ( Icaricia icarioides fenderi syn . Plebejus icarioides fenderi ) is an endangered subspecies of butterfly endemic to the Willamette Valley of northwestern Oregon , United States .
Drymoda is a genus of orchids , with 3 currently accepted species ( as of June 2014 ) .
Olearia algida ( Alpine Daisy - bush ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Nine species of hornbill are found in the Philippines , and the Palawan hornbill is endemic to Palawan island , but has also been recorded on the nearby islands of Balabac , Busuanga , Calauit , Culion and Coron .
Microleroides chinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Microleroides .
Nephrops is a genus of lobsters comprising a single extant species , Nephrops norvegicus ( the Norway lobster or Dublin Bay prawn ) , and several fossil species .
Etheostoma duryi , the black darter , is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States , where it occurs in the drainage of the Tennessee River in the states of Tennessee , Georgia , and Alabama .
Rosa arkansana , the prairie rose or wild prairie rose , is a species of rose native to a large area of central North America , between the Appalachian and Rocky Mountains from Alberta , Manitoba , and Saskatchewan south to New Mexico , Texas and Indiana .
Mediavia agnesa is a species of snout moth in the genus Mediavia .
At present it contains the single species Appianoporites vancouverensis .
It includes one species , Eleoniscus helenae , which is endemic to Alicante province , Spain , where it is known from two caves .
Penicillium brevissimum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from Indian soils .
Eostrobilops hirasei is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strobilopsidae .
Pyura pachydermatina is a sea tulip , a solitary species of tunicate in the suborder Stolidobranchia .
Saccopharyngiformes is an order of unusual ray - finned fish , superficially similar to eels , but with multiple internal differences .
Nebria saurica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Kazakhstan .
Mimulus ringens is a species of monkeyflower known by the common names Allegheny monkeyflower and square - stemmed monkeyflower .
Lixus concavus , commonly called the rhubarb curculio , is a species of weevil .
Ophrys fusca , commonly known as the sombre bee - orchid or the dark bee - orchid , is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean from southwestern Europe and northern Africa to western Asia .
Schneider 's surprise ( Tiradelphe schneideri ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
Festuca ligulata is a species of grass known by the common name Guadalupe fescue .
The Fusulinidae is a family of fusulinacean Foraminifera from the upper Carboniferous ( Lower Pennsylvanian , Morrowan ) to the Upper Permian ( Guadalupian ) , tests of which are fusiform to subcylindrical with walls of two to four layers .
Lilium lancifolium ( syn . L. tigrinum ) is an Asian species of lily , native to China , Japan , Korea , and the Russian Far East .
Pyrrosia is a genus of about 100 fern species in the polypod family , Polypodiaceae .
Nebria lafresnayei is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Andorra , France , and Spain .
Cynohyaenodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid afrothere that lived during the Eocene .
Consolea corallicola is a species of cactus known by the common names Florida semaphore cactus and semaphore pricklypear .
Buddleja sessiliflora , commonly known as Rio Grande Butterfly - bush or Tepozán , is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family , Scrophulariaceae .
Vitrea is a genus of small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pristilomatidae .
Lepanthes johnsonii is a species of orchid found from Mexico ( Chiapas ) to Guatemala .
Haliplus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Afro - tropical region , the Near East , the Nearctic and North Africa .
Rana brama is a species of frog .
Manta rays are large rays belonging to the genus Manta .
Xyris laxiflora is a New World species of flowering plants in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Rhaptopetalum geophylax is a species of plant in the Lecythidaceae family .
Anisopodus strigosus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Erichson in 1847 .
Cephalotes mompox is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes , characterized by an odd shaped head , and the ability to `` parachute '' by steering their fall if they drop off from a tree .
Scipionyx ( pronounced `` SHIH - pee - oh - nicks '' or `` ship - ee - OH - nicks '' ) is a genus of compsognathid theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Italy , around 113 million years ago .
Agave havardiana is a plant species native to the Big Bend area of western Texas as well as Chihuahua and Coahuila .
Astranthium , or Western - daisy , is a North American genus of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Lasioglossum bidentatum , also known as the Lasioglossum ( Sudila ) bidentatum , is a species of bee in the genus Lasioglossum , of the family Halictidae .
Feihyla palpebralis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , sometimes known as the Vietnamese bubble - nest frog or the white - cheeked small treefrog .
Cyathea acuminata is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Panay and Samar in the Philippines .
The Mucorales is the largest and best studied order of Zygomycete fungi .
Protomyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches endemic to Borneo .
Cambarus bartonii is a species of crayfish native to eastern North America , where it is called the common crayfish or Appalachian brook crayfish .
Pachygaster atra , the dark - winged black , is a European species of soldier fly .
Ornithoctoninae , also known as earth tigers , are a subfamily of Asian tarantulas , which were first erected in 1895 by Reginald Innes Pocock on basis of the genotype Ornithoctonus andersoni described in 1892 from former Burma , now Myanmar .
It contains only one species , Eriocranites hercynicus , which was described from Willershausen in Germany .
The genus Peromyscus contains the animal species commonly referred to as deer mice .
Hierosaurus ( meaning `` sacred lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of nodosaurid ankylosaur which lived during the Cretaceous 87 to 82 million years ago .
Ceanothus cyaneus is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names San Diego buckbrush and Lakeside ceanothus .
Geina integumentum is a species of moth in the genus Geina , known from Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
Eulimidae is a family of very small parasitic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Eulimoidea .
Sardinella sindensis ( Sind sardinella ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Sardinella .
Desmopuntius is a genus of cyprinids native to Southeast Asia .
Sigesbeckia is a genus of annual plants in the aster family .
Iniidae is a family of river dolphins containing one living and four extinct genera .
Brachycephalus vertebralis is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family endemic to Brazil ; it is known only from Serra da Bocaina National Park and Cunha , São Paulo and occurs at 800 meters above sea level .
Trachelyichthys decaradiatus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Guyana where it is found in the Rupununi River basin .
Disporum is a genus of about 20 species of perennial flowering plants , found in Asia from northern India to Japan , south to Indonesia and north into the Russian Far East .
Anobium costatum is a species of beetles in the genus Anobium of the family Anobiidae .
Zamia pumila was the first species described for the genus and hence is the type species for the genus Zamia and the family Zamiaceae .
Akysis bilustris is a species of catfish belonging to the family Akysidae ( the stream catfishes ) , known only from two geographically proximate localities in the Xe Kong drainage , a major subdrainage of the Mekong River , in Laos and Cambodia .
Asterophora mirabilis is a species of fungus that grows as a parasite on mushrooms .
The Kandyan Gecko ( Hemidactylus depressus ) also known as Sri Lanka Leaf - nosed Gecko , is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Spicara is a genus of picarels native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the western Indian Ocean .
Buddleja hatschbachii is a rare species found only in the wet ravines and rock slopes flanking the east side of the planalto of southern Brazil .
The genus Huernia ( family Apocynaceae , subfamily Asclepiadoideae ) consists of stem succulents from Eastern and Southern Africa , first described as a genus in 1810 .
Salix subopposita is a species of willow native to southern Japan and Quelpaert Island in South Korea .
Judolia cerambyciformis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae , subfamily Lepturinae ( flower longhorns ) .
Acanthodes ( meaning spiny base or thorny base ) is an extinct genus of spiny shark .
Coelacanthus ( `` Hollow Spine '' ) is a genus of extinct coelacanths that first appeared during the Permian period .
Agyneta merretti is a species of sheet weaver found in Angola .
Risbecia nyalya is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
The Patagonian crested duck ( Lophonetta specularioides specularioides ) , also known as the southern crested duck , or the grey duck in the Falkland Islands , is the nominate of two subspecies of the crested duck .
Rhodichthys regina , the threadfin seasnail , is a species of snailfish native to the Arctic Ocean and the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
Perirehaedulus richardsi is a species of prehistoric trilobite named after British musician Keith Richards .
Lilium catesbaei requires hot , wet , acidic soil inhospitable to most other lily species .
Ampullinopsis is an extinct taxonomic genus of deep - water sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha .
The Somali crombec ( Sylvietta isabellina ) is a species of African warbler , formerly placed in the family Sylviidae .
Nassarius conoidalis , common name the cone - shaped Nassa , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the nassa mud snails .
Terpnomyia bicolor is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Terpnomyia of the family Tephritidae .
Mycobacterium goodii is an acid - fast bacterial species in the phylum Actinobacteria and the genus Mycobacterium .
Erechtites valerianifolius , common name tropical burnweed is a New World species of plants in the sunflower family .
Conus biliosus , common name the bilious cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Pleurobranchus forskalii is a species of side - gill sea slug , a notaspidean , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurobranchidae .
Labeo mokotoensis is one of 103 fish species in the genus Labeo .
Michaelophorus shafferi is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus , known from Brazil .
Timbellus bednalli , common name Bednall 's murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the rock snails or murex snails .
Flacourtia rukam is a species of flowering plant in the willow family , Salicaceae .
Ectatomma ruidum is a Neotropical species of ant in the subfamily Ectatomminae .
Philoglossa is a genus of South American plants in the dandelion subfamily within the daisy family .
Rathouisia tigrina is a species of carnivorous air - breathing land slug , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Rathouisiidae .
Ischikauia steenackeri is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Lake Biwa in Japan .
There is only one known species , Acanthochlamys bracteata , native to Tibet and Sichuan .
Malacoglanis gelatinosus is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Trichomycteridae , and the only species of the genus Malacoglanis .
Phaedranassa is a genus of South American and Central American plants in Amaryllis family , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
Salix brachycarpa is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names barren - ground willow , small - fruit willow and shortfruit willow .
Streptomyces albofaciens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces oxytetracycline , spiramycin , albopeptin A , albopeptin B and alpomycin .
Pyura praeputialis is an intertidal and shallow water species of tunicate .
Helvetia semialba is a species of jumping spiders only found in Brazil .
Hulsea mexicana , the Mexican alpinegold or Mexican hulsea is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family It has been found only in a small region straddling the border between Mexico and the United States .
Caulophyllum giganteum , the northern blue cohosh , is a species of flowering plant in the barberry family .
Macrothele cretica is a species of spider in the Hexathelidae family .
Mesonauta acora is a species of cichlid fish native to soft , acidic freshwater habitats in South America .
Beryx is a genus of alfonsinos found in deep oceanic waters .
Hemibagrus wyckii is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Bagridae .
Cordylogyne is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1838 .
Pyxine is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae .
Brissalius vannoordenburgi is a species of sea urchin in the Family Brissidae .
Pristidactylus torquatus , commonly known as lagarto de bosque , the southern grumbler , or the forest lizard , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Atriplex patula L. ( Spear Saltbush ; Common Orache ; Spear Orach ; Spreading Orach ) is a ruderal , circumboreal species of annual herbaceous plants in the genus Atriplex naturalized in many temperate regions .
Cynoglossus arel , commonly known as the Largescale tonguesole is a species of tonguefish .
Although there is no evidence that Tioman virus can cause illness in humans or animals , its close relationship to other disease - causing paramyxoviruses ( Hendra virus , Menangle virus , Nipah virus ) suggests the possibility that it may cause disease upon crossing the species barrier .
Euphilotes battoides , the square - spotted blue or buckwheat blue , is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family .
Encyclia cyperifolia is a species of orchid found in South America .
Acirsa subcarinata is a species of minute deep water sea snail or micromollusk .
Aloe lomatophylloides ( previously Lomatophyllum lomatophylloides ) is a species of Aloe endemic to the island of Rodrigues , in the Indian Ocean .
Cyathea brevipinna is a species of tree fern endemic to the higher parts of Mount Gower ( 875 m ) on Lord Howe Island , where it grows in exposed areas at an altitude of about 790 m. The trunk is erect and may reach 3 m in height .
Dactylagnus is a genus of sand stargazers , found in the eastern central Pacific and western central Atlantic Ocean .
Zygogramma is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Chrysomelinae , which includes approximately 100 species .
Alsodes nodosus ( common name : black spiny - chest frog ) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to central Chile ; records from Argentina are not considered valid .
Lupinus holmgrenianus is a species of lupine known by the common name Holmgren 's lupine .
Jasminocereus ( meaning `` jasmine - like cereus '' , referring to the flowers ) is a genus of cacti .
Pithodia tessellata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pithodia .
Semicassis royana is a species of medium - sized predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cassidae , the helmet shells and their allies .
Isochrysis is a genus of haptophytes .
Diphasiastrum tristachyum , commonly known as blue clubmoss or blue ground - cedar , is a North American and Eurasian species of clubmoss .
Lontalius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is a monotypic genus . The single species is Lontalius eltus Eliot , 1986 found in Borneo and the Philippines
Adrapsa ablualis is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family , that can be found in Queensland , Australia and Southeast Asia .
Phacelia exilis is a species of phacelia known by the common names Transverse Range phacelia and lavender windows .
Delphinium patens is a species of larkspur known by the common names zigzag larkspur and spreading larkspur .
The Cercopithecinae are a subfamily of the Old World monkeys , which comprises roughly 71 species , including the baboons , the macaques and the vervet monkeys .
Strioterebrum nitidum , common name : the Shiny Pacific Auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
A single species is known and has been named Songzia heidangkouensis .
Starksia cremnobates , the Fugitive blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California where it is found at depths of around 60 metres ( 200 ft ) .
Empicoris subparallelus is a species of thread - legged bug found in Cuba and from two Southern US States ( Florida and Texas ) .
Hesychopa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae .
Croptilon is a small North American genus of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
The Pareatinae are a small subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes .
Wendlandia psychotrioides is a species of shrubs or small trees , constituting part of the plant family Rubiaceae .
Kinyongia ( derived from the species ' name in Kiswahili language ) is a chameleon genus recently established for several plesiomorphic species found in forest and woodland in Kenya , Tanzania , Uganda , Rwanda , and far eastern DR Congo .
Amatitlania is a genus of cichlid fishes from Central America from El Salvador and Guatemala to Panama .
Hyperparachma congrualis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hyperparachma .
Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia .
Aruncus is a genus of clump forming herbaceous perennial plants in the family Rosaceae .
Chaenogobius is a genus of gobies native to Asia and the western Pacific Ocean .
Parazoanthus is a genus of anemone - like anthozoans in the order Zoantharia .
Lepidium fremontii ( desert pepperweed ) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family which is native to the southwestern United States , where it grows on sandy desert flats and the rocky slopes of nearby hills and mountains .
Trifolium macrocephalum is a species of clover known by the common name largehead clover .
Vriesea rubra is a plant species in the genus Vriesea .
Petrotilapia tridentiger is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow waters with rocky substrates .
Hypleurochilus bermudensis , the Barred blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean .
Entada gigas , commonly known as the monkey - ladder , sea bean , Cœur de la Mer or Sea Heart , is a species of flowering liana in the pea family , Fabaceae , that is native to Central America , the Caribbean , northern South America , and Africa .
Lehmannia marginata is species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae .
Bogoslovskya is an extinct orthoceroid cephalopod genus that lived in what is now Asia ( Urals and Japan ) from the Devonian to the Permian .
The Prorocentrales are a small order of dinoflagellates .
Triraphis devia is a species of grass endemic to Brazil , the only member of its genus native to the Western Hemisphere .
Sepia erostrata is a species of cuttlefish native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean , specifically off western mainland Japan , from Sagami Bay to the Kii Peninsula .
The phylum Elusimicrobia , previously known as ' Termite Group 1 ' , has been shown to be widespread in different ecosystems like marine environment , sewage sludge , contaminated sites and soils .
Onchidiopsis carnea is a species of small sea snail with a transparent internal shell , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae .
The Longdan tiger or Panthera zdanskyi is an extinct species of pantherine known from the Gansu province of northwestern China .
Lepidotrigla guentheri is a species of fish in the searobin family
Claytonia tuberosa , commonly known as Tuberous Spring Beauty , is a species of flowering plant in the family Montiaceae .
Gonialosa is a genus of gizzard shads that are found in the rivers of South and Southeast Asia .
Waltheria is a genus of flowering plants in the mallow family , Malvaceae .
Datanglong is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurian theropod belonging to the Tetanurae .
Astragalus leptaleus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name park milkvetch .
Gibbula hisseyiana is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Carabus sylvestris sylvestris is a subspecies of brown - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in Austria , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Italy , Liechtenstein , Poland , and Switzerland .
Sporopipes is a genus of bird in the Passeridae family .
Cyrtodesmidae is a family of millipedes , containing 30 species in 3 genera .
Thomas 's bushbaby ( Galagoides thomasi ) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae .
Melicope is a genus of about 230 species of shrubs and trees in the family Rutaceae , occurring from the Hawaiian Islands across the Pacific to tropical Asia , Australia and New Zealand .
Potamogeton acutifolius is a European species of aquatic plant in the family Potamogetonaceae , known by the common name sharp - leaved pondweed .
The mole salamander ( Ambystoma talpoideum ) is a species of salamander found in much of the eastern and central United States , from Florida to Texas , north to Illinois , east to Kentucky , with an isolated population in Virginia .
It is the only species in the monotypic genus Duncanopsammia .
It contains the single species Lymantriopsis lacteata , which is found in Gabon .
Pegaeophyton nepalense is a plant species reported from Nepal , Bhutan , Sikkim and Xizang (= Tibet ) .
Lythrypnus dalli , the Blue - banded goby , is a species of goby native to the eastern Pacific from Monterey Bay ( California ) to northern Peru , including the Gulf of California .
Synodontis vanderwaali is a species of upside - down catfish native to Angola , Botswana and Namibia where it occurs in the upper Zambezi River , the Okavango River and Delta and the Cunene River .
Astragalus inversus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Susanville milkvetch .
Conus hybridus , common name the hybrid cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Cebrio gigas is a species of beetle of the subfamily Cebrioninae from a family of click beetles .
Calycolpus australis is a plant species native to the State of Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Astragalus tener is a species of milkvetch known by the common name alkali milkvetch .
The Pteropodinae are a subfamily of megabats .
Pyrgospira tampaensis , common name the Tampa turrid , is a species from sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae .
The Mongolian vole ( Microtus mongolicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Geniostoma uninervium is a species of plant in the Melmoth family .
Stratioceros princeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Stratioceros .
Delavaya ( 茶条木属 , cha tiao mu shu ) is a monotypic genus of shrub or small tree endemic to southwestern China and northern Vietnam .
Eleutherodactylus inoptatus ( common name : Diquini robber frog ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola ; it is found both in the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Mammillaria lasiacantha is a species of cactus in the subfamily Cactoideae , with the common name lacespine nipple cactus .
Artemisia tilesii is an Asian and North American species of flowering plant in the aster family .
Pyrgulina alveata is a species of very small sea snail , a pyramidellid gastropod micromollusk .
Black and Mackness(1999 ) suggested that the Hulitherium clade is more closely related to the clade comprising Zygomaturus plus another undescribed genus from Australia , than it is to Kolopsis .
The Henderson fruit dove ( Ptilinopus insularis ) , also known as scarlet - capped fruit dove , is a species of bird in the Columbidae family .
Conicotheca nigrans is a species of benthic Foraminifera that was first identified from samples collected from the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench .
Buchanosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms that lived from the Early to Middle Devonian .
Connellia nutans is a species in the genus Connellia .
Carex arenaria , or sand sedge , is a species of perennial sedge of the genus Carex which is commonly found growing in dunes and other sandy habitats , as the species epithet suggests ( Latin arenarius , `` sandy '' ) .
Streptomyces griseoaurantiacus is a thermotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from marine sediment .
Ceiba is the name of a genus of many species of large trees found in tropical areas , including Mexico , Central America , South America , the Caribbean , West Africa , and Southeast Asia .
Justicia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae .
Phaeocollybia christinae , commonly known as Christina 's rootshank , is a species of fungus in the family Cortinariaceae .
Miltonia cuneata , the Wedge - shaped Miltonia , is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil .
Bryaninops amplus , known commonly as the Large whip goby or White - line Seawhip Goby , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae .
Papillaria crocea is a species of moss .
Octomeria grandiflora is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil ( São Paulo to Paraná ) .
Amanipodagrion gilliesi is a species of damselfly .
Entomocorus gameroi is a species of driftwood catfish native ( possibly endemic ) to Venezuela and questionably present in Colombia .
The Nepal leopard was proposed as a subspecies of leopard in the Nineteenth Century , native to Nepal , South Asia , with the taxonomic name Panthera pardus pernigra ( J.E.Gray , Hodgson , 1863 ) .
Barremitinae is a subfamily belonging to the Ammonoidea subclass .
Cladium mariscus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names swamp sawgrass , great fen - sedge , saw - sedge or sawtooth sedge .
Sepia subtenuipes is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean , specifically the East China Sea and the Kii Channel in southwestern Japan .
Salvia lemmonii ( Lemmon 's sage ) is an aromatic species of sage that is native to the United States and Mexico .
Nematogenys inermis is a species of mountain catfish , the only extant species in the family Nematogenyiidae .
Fritillaria agrestis is a species of fritillary known by the common name stinkbells .
Claudiella ingens is a species of beetle in the family Torridincolidae , the only species in the genus Claudiella .
Miltoniopsis , abbreviated Mltnps in horticultural trade , is a genus of orchids .
Achillea erba - rotta is a polymorphic species , as its physical characteristics clearly vary depending on the variety .
Canis edwardii ( Edward 's wolf ) is an extinct species of Canidae which was endemic to most of North America from the Blancan stage of the Pliocene epoch through to the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch , living 4.9 Mya--300,000 years ago , existing for approximately 4.6 million years .
Odontoglossum constrictum , the Constricted Odontoglossum , is a species of orchid found from Colombia to northern Venezuela .
Lomatium ravenii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Lassen parsley and Raven 's lomatium .
Monactis is a genus of South American flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family .
Fejervarya multistriata ( common name : Hong Kong paddy frog or simply paddy frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Bunium bulbocastanum is a plant species in the family Apiaceae .
Calappa japonica , also known as the Japanese shame - faced crab , is a marine species of box crab in the family Calappidae .
Cupiennius salei , commonly called the American wandering spider or Tiger wandering spider , is a large spider belonging to a group of wandering spiders found in Central America ( also known as banana spiders ) , although this species is specifically from Eastern Mexico , Guatemala , Belize and Honduras .
Barbus callensis , commonly known as the Algerian barb or Tunisian barb , is a ray - finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae .
Malus tschonoskii ( common names Chonosuki crab and pillar apple ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae , native to Japan .
Plantago debilis is a species of herb native to Australia .
Phryganistria is a genus of stick insects belonging to the family of giant sticks .
Paluxysuchus is an extinct genus of neosuchian crocodyliform known from the Early Cretaceous Twin Mountains Formation ( late Aptian stage ) of north - central Texas .
Baryphthengus is a genus of birds in the family Momotidae .
Pyrrocoma racemosa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name clustered goldenweed .
Copromorpha fossilis is an extinct species of moth in the Copromorphidae family .
Mammillaria rhodantha ( common name rainbow pincushion ) is a plant in the cactus family ( Cactaceae ) and is one of 171 species in the genus Mammillaria which are characterized by having nipple - shaped tubercles or prominences on their surface .
Falsohyagnis preapicemaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Falsohyagnis .
Gryllotalpa orientalis is a species of mole cricket in the family Gryllotalpidae , commonly known as the oriental mole cricket .
Amalgaviridae is a family of double - stranded RNA viruses that has one genus :
Pseudo - nitzschia is a marine planktonic diatom genus containing some species capable of producing the neurotoxin domoic acid ( DA ) , which is responsible for the neurological disorder known as amnesic shellfish poisoning ( ASP ) .
Oxybelis is a genus of colubrid snakes , endemic to the Americas , which are commonly known as vine snakes .
Abronia villosa is a species of sand - verbena known by the common names desert sand - verbena and chaparral sand - verbena .
Perittopus yunnanensis is a species of Riffle bug from China .
Chaenactis parishii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Parish 's chaenactis .
Osmunda greenlandica is an extinct species of ferns in the genus Osmunda .
Bacteriovorax stolpii is a species of bacterium in the family Bacteriovoracaceae .
Apomyelois bistriatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Apomyelois .
Leochilus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to Mexico , Central America , northern South America , the West Indies and Florida .
Cricetulus is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae ( voles and hamsters ) .
Craterellus caeruleofuscus is a species of fungus in the Cantharellaceae family of mushrooms .
Roridomyces austrororidus , commonly known as the austro dripping bonnet , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae .
Mycosphaerella pini is a species of fungus in the family Mycosphaerellaceae .
Toxotes chatareus , sometimes known by the common names seven - spot archerfish or largescale archerfish , is a species of perciform fish in the archerfish genus Toxotes .
Lobocarcinus is a genus of extinct marine crabs that lived in the Eocene and Miocene , containing the following species :
Tickell 's bat ( Hesperoptenus tickelli ) is a species of vesper bat .
Megalopanax rex is a species of flowering plant of family Araliaceae , the only representative of genus Megalopanax .
Rhacophorus verrucopus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in China and possibly India .
Leccinum manzanitae is an edible species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Spicara maena , the blotched picarel , is a species of ray - finned fish native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean , the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea .
Betta persephone is a species of gourami endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from Johor .
Trifolium jokerstii is a rare species of clover known by the common names Jim 's clover and Butte County golden clover .
Andinobates virolinensis ( the Santander poison frog ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
The New World vulture or condor family Cathartidae contains seven species in five genera , all but one of which are monotypic .
Xenacanthus is a genus of prehistoric sharks .
Ischnocnema is a genus of frogs from east Brazil and northeast Argentina .
The Kings River slender salamander , Batrachoseps regius , is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family .
Atlantic bonito share Atlantic waters with the striped bonito , Sarda orientalis ( the Atlantic population of which is sometimes considered a separate species , Sarda velox ) .
Anatoma euglypta is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae .
Paphiopedilum fairrieanum is a species of orchid occurring from the eastern Himalaya to Assam .
The Common Rain Frog or Strawberry Rain Frog ( Breviceps acutirostris ) is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family .
Oedipina is a genus of lungless salamanders , which is characterized by their absence of lungs ; they instead achieve respiration through their skin and the tissues lining their mouth .
Fritillaria atropurpurea is a species of fritillary known by several common names , including spotted fritillary , purple fritillary , spotted mountainbells , and spotted missionbells .
Megacephala bostockii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Castelnau in 1867 , and is endemic to Australia .
Allobates marchesianus ( common name : dull rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Yinotheria is a proposed subclass that contains a few fossil mammals of the Mesozoic and the extant monotremes .
The Brigantiaeaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota , class Lecanoromycetes .
Bhidea is a genus of Indian plants in the grass family .
Barn - owls ( family Tytonidae ) are one of the two families of owls , the other being the true owls or typical owls , Strigidae .
Penstemon caesius is a species of penstemon known by the common name San Bernardino beardtongue .
Dolichoropica unicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Dolichoropica .
Chenopodium leptophyllum is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name narrowleaf goosefoot .
Actinostrobus acuminatus , commonly known as dwarf cypress , creeping pine or Moore cypress pine , is a species of coniferous tree in the Cupressaceae ( cypress family ) .
Vaccinium parvifolium , the red huckleberry , is a species of Vaccinium native to western North America , where it is common in forests from southeastern Alaska and British Columbia south through western Washington and Oregon to central California .
Takakia ceratophylla is a species of moss in the Takakiaceae family .
Ceratitida is an order that contains almost all ammonoid cephalopod genera from the Triassic as well as ancestral forms from the Upper Permian , the exception being the phylloceratids which gave rise to the great diversity of post Triassic ammonites .
Gobius tetrophthalmus is a species of goby endemic to the Atlantic waters around Cape Verde , western Africa where it is found at depths of from 7 to 25 metres ( 23 to 82 ft ) where it prefers areas with coralline algae though it will also inhabit areas with substrates of sand and rock .
It contains the single species Dichrostoptera basilinea , which is found in New Guinea .
Achnatherum lemmonii is a species of grass known by the common name Lemmon 's needlegrass .
The Mentawai langur ( Presbytis potenziani ) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae .
Arcobacter halophilus is a species of obligate halophilic bacteria .
Trimusculus reticulatus is a species of small air - breathing sea snail or false limpet , a pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Trimusculidae , the button snails .
Cyathea fuliginosa is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon , Biliran and Mindanao in the Philippines , where it grows in forest at an altitude of 640 - 2400 m. This tree fern has an erect trunk up to 5 m tall or more .
Penstemon sudans is a species of penstemon known by the common name Susanville beardtongue .
Atalaya hemiglauca , commonly known as whitewood or cattle bush , is a species of plant in the soapberry family .
Veradia brisbanensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Veradia .
Eugyrinus is an extinct genus of dendrerpetontid temnospondyl .
Bryconella pallidifrons is a species of characin found in the Amazon River basin of Brazil and Peru .
Pandemis limitata , the three - lined leafroller , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Trachydoras steindachneri is a species of thorny catfish native to the Amazon basin of Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru .
Musa monticola is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) , native to Sabah on the island of Borneo .
Neoscona oaxacensis , known as western spotted orbweaver and zig - zag spider , is a species of spider in the family Araneidae .
Vitreoscilla is a genus of Gram - negative aerobic bacterium .
Festuca filiformis , known by the common names fine - leaf sheep fescue , fine - leaved sheep's - fescue , hair fescue , and slender fescue , is a species of grass .
Berthelinia ganapati is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves .
Dekeyseria amazonica is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Solimões and Amazon basins .
Kurixalus bisacculus ( common name Taylor 's tree frog and many others ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Cambodia , China ( Hainan , possibly Yunnan ) , Laos , and Thailand , and possibly in India and Myanmar .
Mochokiella paynei is the only species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) in the genus Mochokiella of the family Mochokidae .
Werneria ( Smalltongue Toads ) is a genus of fairly small true toads found near fast - flowing steams in Middle and West Africa with the greatest species richness in the Western High Plateau of Cameroon .
Galeodes arabs , common name Egyptian Giant Solpugid or Camel Spider , is a species of solifuges or sun spiders .
Dahlella caldariensis is a species of leptostracan crustacean which lives on hydrothermal vents in the Pacific Ocean .
Morchella deqinensis is a species of fungus in the familyMorchellaceae found in China .
Dicellopyge is an extinct genus of fish from the Triassic .
Lachnaia zoiai is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily of Cryptocephalinae that inhabits in the southern part of Greece and Crete .
Conasprella ione , common name the ione cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Cycas panzhihuaensis is a rare and endangered species of cycad known in the wild only from Sichuan and Yunnan provinces in China .
Genlisea africana is a species of carnivorous plant in the genus Genlisea .
Habronattus clypeatus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Mexico .
Mononchida is an order of nematodes .
The true seal tribe Lobodontini , collectively known as the lobodontine seals , consist of four species of seals in four genera : the crabeater seal ( Lobodon carcinophaga ) , the leopard seal ( Hydrurga leptonyx ) , the Weddell seal ( Leptonychotes weddelli ) , and the Ross seal ( Ommatophoca rossii ) .
Pachydactylus rangei , the Namib sand gecko or web - footed gecko , is a species of small lizard in the family Gekkonidae .
Pagurus hirsutiusculus is a species of hermit crab , commonly called the hairy hermit crab .
Eriogonum gilmanii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Gilman 's buckwheat .
Eremogone cliftoniii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Clifton 's eremogone .
Maxillaria virguncula is a species of orchid endemic to the Venezuelan Antilles and northern Venezuela .
More recently , it has been used as the monotypal species for the genus Nochelesaurus ( it is not clear what the status of Embrithosaurus strubeni is , this may be a further transitional species ) .
The type species is Vinialesaurus caroli , first described as Cryptocleidus caroli by De la Torre and Rojas in 1949 , and redescribed by Gasparini , Bardet and Iturralde in 2002 .
Leptohyphidae is a family of mayflies with some 140 described species in 12 genera .
Melanophryniscus dorsalis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae which is endemic to the coastal Brazil .
Vandykea tuberculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Vandykea .
Peripsocus bivari is a species of Psocoptera from Peripsocidae family that can be found in Azores and Canary Islands , and sometimes in France and Madeira .
Wittrockia spiralipetala is a species in the genus Wittrockia .
Scorpiodoras heckelii is a species of thorny catfish from the Negro , Orinoco and upper Amazon basins in Brazil and Venezuela .
Myoscolex is an early animal species known from the Cambrian Emu Bay Shale .
Enteropogon is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family .
Fragaria moupinensis is a species of strawberry native to China .
Plethodidae is an extinct family of teleost fish that existed during the Late Cretaceous period .
Otospermophilus is a genus of ground squirrels in the family Sciuridae , containing three species .
Limaria fragilis , the fragile file clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae .
Carex serotina ( little green sedge ) is a species of sedge .
The Himalayan shrike - babbler ( Pteruthius ripleyi ) is a bird species found in the western Himalayas that belongs to the shrike - babbler group .
Gymnogeophagus tiraparae is a species of Geophagine cichlids .
Mastigomycotina is a former polyphyletic taxonomic grouping , a subdivision , of fungi that contained the classes Chytridiomycetes , Hyphochytridiomycetes , and Oomycetes .
Velia caprai , known as the water cricket , is a species of aquatic bug found in Europe .
Ptychoderidae is a family of acorn worms .
Bobasatrania is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that survived the Permian - Triassic extinction event .
Inodrillia acrybia is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horoclavidae .
Glipostenoda kawasakii is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus .
Uatchitodon is an extinct genus of Late Triassic reptile known only from isolated teeth .
Calathus circumseptus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania , France , Greece , Italy , Portugal , Spain , and certain islands .
Ryuthela tanikawai is a species of Ryuthela in the family Liphistiidae .
Ophiclinus pectoralis , the Whiteblotch snakeblenny , is a species of clinid found in reefs around western Australia preferring weedy and sandy areas at depths of about 13 metres ( 43 ft ) .
Hastula hectica , common name the sandbeach auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Conus mustelinus , common name the ermine cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Turbo gruneri , common name the Gruner 's turban , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae .
Scartella is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic and Indian oceans .
Rugomenes is an Indomalayan genus of potter wasps .
Omnivoropterygidae ( meaning `` omnivorous wings '' ) is a family of primitive avialans known exclusively from the Jiufotang Formation of China .
Aesculus sylvatica ( painted buckeye ) is a species of shrub .
The Platyrhinidae are a family of rays in the order Myliobatiformes , commonly known as thornbacks due to their dorsal rows of large thorns .
In taxonomy , the Thermoplasmataceae are a family of the Thermoplasmatales .
Suaeda is a genus of plants also known as seepweeds and seablites .
Meteoria erythrops is a species of blind cusk eel native to the Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of from 4,540 to 5,320 metres ( 14,900 to 17,450 ft ) .
The Azores wood pigeon , Columba palumbus azorica ( Portuguese : pombo - torcaz - dos - açores ) is an endemic subspecies of the common wood pigeon ( Columba palumbus ) , located in the Atlantic Azores islands of Portugal .
Cucumibacter marinus is the only known species of this genus .
Omorgus costatus is a species of beetle of the family Trogidae that occurs in Australia , Tasmania , the Solomon Islands , New Guinea , Vietnam , Java , India , and China .
Allium macleanii is an Asian species of wild onion found at high elevations in Pakistan , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan , Kyrgyzstan , Afghanistan , Nepal , Tajikistan , and northern India .
Phos senticosus , common name Common Pacific Phos or Thorny Phos , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Stlengis is a genus of sculpins native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where they are only known from the waters around Japan .
Coreopsis rosea is a North American species of tickseeds in sunflower family .
Nyctibatrachus is a genus of frogs endemic to the Western Ghats of southwestern India .
Dinopithecus was an extinct genus of giant baboon ( as big as a grown man ) that lived during the Pliocene of South Africa .
Costentalina elegans is a species of medium - sized tusk shell , a marine scaphopod mollusk in the family Entalinidae .
Stegastes sanctipauli is a species of fish in the Pomacentridae family .
Vagaria is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the Amaryllis family , widely cultivated as an ornamental because of its attractive white flowers .
Mimosaimia fruhstorferi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimosaimia .
Galeandra lacustris is a species of orchid native to Venezuela , Ecuador and Brazil .
It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae and is the only member of the genus Brenierea .
Cicurina japonica is a spider species found in Korea and Japan ( introduced in Europe ) .
Pseudomicrodon is a genus of hoverflies , with 13 known species .
Capetoxotus rugosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Capetoxotus .
Iteaceae is a flowering plant family of trees and shrubs native to the eastern USA , south eastern Africa , and south and Southeastern Asia .
Dryophiops philippina , also known as the Keel - bellied Whipsnake or simply Philippine Whipsnake , a species of rear - fanged colubrid snake that is endemic to the Philippines .
The origin of the name Neoarius berneyi is Greek , with the genus name Neoarius coming from the words neos meaning new and arios , meaning warlike or hostile , in reference to the well developed fin spines , and the species name , berneyi , comes from the ornithologist F. L. Berney .
Blepharisma is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists found in fresh and salt water .
Aetosauroides ( meaning `` Aetosaurus - like '' ) is an extinct genus of aetosaur from the Late Triassic of South America .
Typha shuttleworthii is a species of cattail found in southern Europe as well as in Iran and Turkey .
Acacia bynoeana , known colloquially as Bynoe 's wattle or tiny wattle , is a species of Acacia native to eastern Australia .
Cheirolepis ( ' hand fin ' ) is an extinct genus of ray - finned fish that lived in the Devonian period of Europe and North America .
Packera ganderi is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Gander 's ragwort .
Athyma glora is a species of nymphalid butterfly .
Olea capensis ( syn . Olea undulata ) , also known by the common name black ironwood , is an African tree species belonging to the Olive family ( Oleaceae ) .
Rhizomnium dentatum is an extinct species of moss in the family Mniaceae .
Magnolia thailandica is a plant species in the Kmeria section of the genus Magnolia found in Thailand .
Hemidactylus agrius ( Country leaf - toed gecko ) is a species of gecko from the family of Gekkonidae , found in northeastern Brazil .
Grindelia ( gumweed ) is a genus of plants native to the Americas belonging to the sunflower family .
Culex asteliae is a species of mosquito from the Culicidae family that is endemic to New Zealand .
Myrceugenia correifolia is a species of evergreen woody flowering shrub belonging to the Myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
Welcommia is an extinct genus of shark .
Allium daninianum is a species of onion found in Israel , Syria , Lebanon , Palestine and Jordan .
Neoplectrura breedlovei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neoplectrura .
Ego zebra is a species of goby native to the Arabian Sea off the coast of Oman where it is found at a depth of about 21 metres ( 69 ft ) inhabiting open waters near small cracks and holes available for refuge .
Viola arborescens is a species of Viola and is also known as the tree violet .
Leurocycloceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod , essentially a Nautiloid , that lived in what would be North America , Europe , and Asia during the Silurian from 443.7 - -418.7 mya , existing for approximately 25 million years .
Nathalis is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae .
Arctostaphylos pungens , with the common name pointleaf manzanita , is a species of manzanita .
Uranophenga lemniscata is a species of sedge moths , and the only species in the genus Uranophenga .
Aspergillus fumigatus is a fungus of the genus Aspergillus , and is one of the most common Aspergillus species to cause disease in individuals with an immunodeficiency .
Procottus gotoi is one of the four species of Procottus , a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal , Siberia .
The Somabrachyidae are a family of moths in the order Lepidoptera .
The class Phycomycetes has been abolished and in its place exists Zygomycetes , Chytridiomycetes , Plasmodiophoromycetes , Hyphochytridiomycetes , Trichomycetes ( including Harpellales , Asellariales , Eccrinales and Amoebidiales ) and Oomycetes .
Empusidae is a family consisting of 9 genera of mantises .
Lebia is a genus of predatory ground beetles .
Multilocus allozyme genotype data show that Microphallus turgidus is a single outbred species with high levels of gene flow among South Island populations .
Breizhops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , which existed in what is now Brittany , France .
Ancula gibbosa , common name Atlantic ancula , is a species of dorid nudibranch .
The Chadwick Beach cotton mouse ( Peromyscus gossypinus restrictus ) is a presumed extinct subspecies of the cotton mouse ( Peromyscus gossypinus ) .
Megazostrodon is the only well - known genus of the family Megazostrodontidae .
Pseudophilautus nanus is an extinct species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Alishewanella is a genus in the phylum Proteobacteria ( bacteria ) .
Canthocamptidae is a family of copepods .
Ascidiella aspersa is a species of solitary sea squirts native to the northeastern Atlantic , from the Mediterranean Sea to Norway .
Endogonopsis is a poorly known fungal genus , provisionally placed in the Diplocystaceae family .
Austrotaxus spicata , the New Caledonia Yew or Southern Yew , is a species of yew , the sole species in the genus Austrotaxus .
Loxococcus rupicola is a species of palm tree , and the only species in the genus Loxococcus .
Halaphritis platycephala is a species of thornfish native to the Indian Ocean waters off of Tasmania where it can be found at depths of from 5 to 13 metres ( 16 to 43 ft ) preferring caves and other low - light habitats .
Erica ventricosa is a species of plant in the Ericaceae family native to South Africa .
Boaedon is a genus of African Lamprophiids consisting of the `` Brown '' House Snakes .
Streptomyces albospinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Akita City in Japan .
Eopneumatosuchus is an extinct genus of basal crocodyliform .
Galium grande is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name San Gabriel bedstraw .
Inbiocystiscus is a genus of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cystiscidae .
Bickmorites is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus known from the upper Ordovician to the middle Silurian of North America and northern Europe ( Norway ) .
Peltigera aphthosa is a species of lichen known by the common names green dog lichen , leafy lichen , felt lichen , and common freckle pelt .
Acleisanthes parvifolia , common names littleleaf moonpod and Big Bend trumpets , is a plant species native to northeastern Chihuahua and western Texas .
Scincopus is a monotypic genus of skinks , the only accepted species is Scincopus fasciatus .
The Sarcoptidae family of mites contains the genus Sarcoptes .
Polygonum humifusum is an Asian and North American species of plants in the buckwheat family .
South Hills crossbill rarely interbreeds with other call types that move into the South Hills of Idaho yearly , and can be considered to represent a distinct species via ecological speciation .
Ulopa reticulata is the species of bugs from Cicadellidae family .
Acromantis palauana , common name Palau Acromantis , is a species of praying mantis native to Palau .
Purpuradusta fimbriata , common name : the fringed cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
The Papuan parrotfinch ( Erythrura papuana ) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Indonesia 's Papua province and Papua New Guinea .
Hemierana marginata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Hemierana .
Shastasaurus ( `` Mt . Shasta lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the middle and late Triassic , and is the largest marine reptile that has yet been found .
Tanzanonautes tuerkayi is a species of fossil freshwater crab from Tanzania , the only species in the genus Tanzanonautes .
The Sulu pygmy woodpecker ( Picoides ramsayi ) , also known as the Sulu woodpecker , is a species of bird in the Picidae family .
Carex aboriginum is a species of sedge endemic to Idaho in the western United States , known as Indian Valley sedge .
Percina kusha , the bridled darter , is a species of fish in the Percidae family ..
Cedrela fissilis is a species of tree in the family Meliaceae .
Calochortus macrocarpus , also known as sagebrush mariposa lily , is a North American species of bulbous perennials in the Lily family .
Limnonectes is a genus of fork - tongued frogs of about 64 known species , but new ones are still being described occasionally .
The genus Hypsugo contains many bats referred to as pipistrelles or pipistrelle bats .
Antisclerota dicentris is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family , and the only species in the genus Antisclerota .
Rhinactinidia is a genus of Asian plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
Galeichthys ater , the Black sea catfish , is a species of sea catfish found in South Africa and Namibia .
Parastrephia lepidophylla , commonly known as tola or tola tola , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Quadrula tuberosa , common name the rough rockshell , is a species of freshwater mussel .
Holochilus chacarius , also known as the Chacoan marsh rat or Chaco marsh rat , is a semiaquatic rodent species in the family Cricetidae .
It contains the single species Leucorhodia ragua , which is found in Guatemala .
Macrohammus deyrollei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Macrohammus .
Compsura is a genus of characins containing two described species .
Nassa serta , common name the sertum rock shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
Suillus pungens , commonly known as the pungent slippery jack or the pungent suillus , is a species of fungus in the genus Suillus .
Acanthocardia aculeata , common name spiny cockle , is a species of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae .
Nolina greenei , woodland beargrass , is a plant species native to the United States .
It contains only one species , Pareupithecia spadix , which is found in the Russian Far East ( southern Primorje ) , Korea , Japan ( Honshu ) and China ( Shanxi ) .
Cyrtostachys elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Cyrtostachys .
Psila fimetaria is a European species of fly and member of the family Psilidae .
Panchlora nivea , the Cuban cockroach or green banana cockroach , is a small species of cockroach found in Cuba and the Caribbean , and along the Gulf Coast from Florida to Texas , and has been observed as far north as Summerville , South Carolina .
Cryosophila warscewiczii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family , endemic to Central America .
Psathyrella spadicea , commonly known as the chestnut brittlestem , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae .
Theriodes sandakanensis is a species of loach found only in northern Borneo .
Suillus albidipes is a species of edible mushroom in the genus Suillus native to North America .
Allium massaessylum is a Western Mediterranean species of wild onion native to Spain , Portugal , Morocco , and Algeria .
Calectasia intermedia , commonly known as blue tinsel - lily or eastern tinsel lily is a species of flowering plant in the family Dasypogonaceae , native to the border areas of western Victoria and south - eastern South Australia and flowering in early spring .
Potentilla angelliae is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names Angell cinquefoil and Boulder Mountain cinquefoil .
Brachyopa is a genus of hoverflies whose grey and brown colouration is unusual for this family and these flies can easily be overlooked amongst members of other fly families .
Centaurea phrygia ( wig knapweed ) is a species of Centaurea .
Collinsia linearis is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name narrowleaf blue - eyed Mary .
Beringius kenicottii , common name Kenicott 's beringius , is a species of sea snail or true whelk , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
The Methylophilaceae are a family of Proteobacteria , given their own order .
Trachyrincus is a genus of rattails in the family Trachyrincidae .
Clypeaster australasiae , the Australasian sand dollar , is a species of sea urchins of the Family Clypeasteridae .
Cardiocondyla zoserka is a species of ant in the genus Cardiocondyla .
The Nerillidae are a family of invertebrates containing these genera :
Glossogobius matanensis is a species of goby endemic to Sulawesi , Indonesia where it is only known from Lake Matano , Lake Mahalona and Lake Towuti .
Conus hyaena , common name the hyena cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Tropaeolum tricolor , the three - coloured Indian cress , is a species of perennial plant in the family Tropaeolaceae .
Cactodera cacti was first discovered in 1932 affecting various species of cactus .
Hoplolaimus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lance nematodes .
Ardisia solanacea , called shoebutton ardisia in English , is a species of the genus Ardisia in family Primulaceae ( subfamily Myrsinoideae ) .
The Chilostomellacea constitute a superfamily of Foraminifera within the order , Rotaliida .
Megacephala speciosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1860 , and is endemic to Brazil .
Epicrates gracilis , known commonly as the Haitian tree boa , is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Boidae family .
Methanocalculus halotolerans is a species of archaeon , the type species of its genus .
Dalbergia louvelii ( violet rosewood ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Florestina is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , native to Texas , Mexico , and Central America .
Ophiotaenia is a genus of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidae family .
Based on differences in bony plates on the head , the presence or absence of gular folds , and head shape , Gambelia sila was reclassified into the genus Gambelia by Smith in 1946 , retaining the species name silus .
The genus Nysius in the insect family Lygaeidae , contains approximately 106 species throughout the world .
Orchis spitzelii is a species of orchid found from Sweden ( Gotland ) , eastern Spain to the Caucasus and northwestern Africa .
The new species was placed in a separate genus , Dinochelus , whose name derives from the Greek roots δεινός ( dinos ) , meaning `` terrible '' or `` fearful '' , and χηλή ( chela ) , meaning `` claw '' .
Diastella is a genus containing seven species of flowering plants , commonly known as `` silkypuffs '' , in the protea family .
Pinus jaliscana , the Jalisco pine , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Artemisia absinthium ( absinthium , absinthe wormwood , wormwood , common wormwood , green ginger or grand wormwood ) is a species of Artemisia , native to temperate regions of Eurasia and Northern Africa and widely naturalized in Canada and the northern United States .
Orthotylus halophilus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to the Canary Islands .
Briggera is a genus of diatom known from the fossil record .
Agnosphitys ( /ˌæɡnoʊsˈfaɪtᵻs/ ; `` unknown begetter '' ; sometimes mistakenly called Agnostiphys or Agnosphytis ) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Triassic of Avon , England .
Scaphopetalum is a genus previously classified under the plant family Sterculiaceae .
Hexagonites is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order , Nautilida which includes the genus Nautilus found living in the tropical western Pacific .
Cassianellidae is a small extinct family of prehistoric bivalves which lived from the Middle Triassic , Ladinian stage through the Late Triassic Norian stage .
Lupinus albicaulis is a species of lupine known by the common name sicklekeel lupine .
Rhabdolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Permian epoch .
Picea meyeri ( Meyer 's spruce ; Chinese : 白杄 ; pinyin : báiqiān ) is a species of spruce native to Nei Mongol in the northeast to Gansu in the southwest and also inhabiting Shanxi , Hebei and Shaanxi .
Rhodostrophiini is a tribe of the geometer moth family ( Geometridae ) , with about 200 species in 17 genera and five genera tentatively associated with the tribe .
Stein 's rat ( Rattus steini ) , also known as the small spiny rat , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Scopulophila is a small genus of flowering plants in the pink family .
Pristimantis leoni is an endangered species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Hippodraco ( `` horse '' ( hippos in Greek ) and `` dragon '' ( draco in Latin ) ) is a genus of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaur .
Gentiana olivieri ( Chinese : xie wan que qin jiao ) is a plant species in the genus Gentiana found in Asia .
Cerobasis amorosa is a species of Psocoptera from the Trogiidae family that is endemic to Cyprus .
Arthrolycosidae is an extinct family of primitive spiders that bear some resemblance to the wolf spiders .
Anchiceratops ( /ˌæŋkiˈsɛrətɒps/ ANG - key - SERR - ə - tops ) is an extinct genus of chasmosaurine ceratopsid dinosaur that lived approximately 72 to 71 million years ago during the latter part of the Cretaceous Period in what is now Alberta , Canada .
Fucomimus mus , the Mousey klipfish , is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the South African coast where it occurs in tide pools .
Hemiphlebia mirabilis , commonly known as the ancient greenling , is a species of damselfly in the family Hemiphlebiidae .
Euplica turturina , common name : the turtle dove shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
Chirostoma bartoni , the Alberca silverside , was a species of neotropical silverside endemic to the Lerma River basin of Mexico .
Dissostichus is a genus of cod icefishes found in the southern oceans .
Gagata melanopterus is a species of sisorid catfish endemic to Myanmar where it occurs in the Irrawaddy , Sittang and lower Salween River basins .
Palaemonoidea is a large superfamily of shrimp , containing nearly 1,000 species .
Hyperaulax ridleyi is a species of tropical air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae .
Serpula himantioides is a species of fungus that causes damage to timber referred to as dry rot .
Nupserhoglenea cerrutii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Nupserhoglenea .
Vaccinium hirsutum is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common name hairy blueberry .
Heterophyes nocens is a species of a trematode , or fluke worm , in the family Heterophyidae .
The Deare 's Dendrobium ( Dendrobium dearei ) is a species of orchid of the genus Dendrobium .
Dendrelaphis bifrenalis , commonly Boulenger 's Bronzeback ( Sinhala : පදුරු හාල්දන්ඩා , Paduru Haaldanda in Sinhala ) , is a terrestrial species of diurnal non poisonous snake found in Sri Lanka and southern India .
Hatschbachiella is a genus of South American flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae .
Synodontis congicus is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the upper and middle Congo Basin .
Myrmecoris gracilis is a species of flightless Hemipteran bug from the family Miridae .
Tapinocephalus ( `` humble head '' ) is a genus of large herbivorous dinocephalian that lived during the Middle Permian Period .
Cleistocactus is a genus of columnar cacti native to mountainous areas - to 3,000 m ( 9,843 ft ) - of Peru , Uruguay , Bolivia and Argentina .
Tibia fusus , common name Spindle tibia or Shinbone Tibia Gastropod , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Eatonella is a North American genus of plants in the daisy family containing the single known species Eatonella nivea , which is calledby the common name white false tickhead .
Aplocheilichthys sp . nov . ' Naivasha ' was a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family .
Speleophriidae is a family of copepods , comprising seven genera .
Procambarus angustatus was a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Patagonophorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species , Patagonophorus murinus , which is known from Argentina and Chile .
Rhabdorrhynchus is a genus of weevil found in Central Europe .
Acraea alicia is a member of the Acraea bonasia species group see Acraea .
Jeletzkytes is an extinct genus of scaphatoid ammonite cephalopod mollusc from the Upper Cretaceous ( Maastrichtian ) of North America named and described by Riccardi , 1983 .
Asplundia brunneistigma is a species of largely terrestrial plant ( although sometimes shortly climbing ) belonging to the family Cyclanthaceae .
Pomacea canaliculata , common name the channeled applesnail , is a species of large freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
Aeger is a genus of fossil prawns .
Phacelia parryi is a species of phacelia known by the common name Parry 's phacelia .
Eragrostis tef , teff , Williams lovegrass , annual bunch grass , taf ( Amharic : ጤፍ ? ṭēff ; Tigrinya : ጣፍ ? ṭaff ) , or xaafii ( Oromo ) , is an annual grass , a species of lovegrass native to Ethiopia and Eritrea .
Squamatoherpia is a genus of pholidoskepian solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like , marine mollusks .
Epidendrum floridense Hágsater ( Florida star orchid ) is a threatened species of orchid native to southern Florida , in the Everglades and in the region around Lake Okeechobee .
Distichodus rufigiensis is a species of freshwater fish in the Distichodontidae family .
Ribes sanguineum , the flowering currant , redflower currant , or red - flowering currant , is North American a species of flowering plant in the family Grossulariaceae , native to western United States and Canada ( British Columbia , Washington , Idaho , Oregon , California ) .
Skimmia laureola is species of shrub grown as an ornamental plant .
The Stenopsychidae are a family of medium to large caddisflies , some of which are noted for their black and gold wing patterns .
Aprosmictus is a genus of parrots in the Psittaculidae family .
Salpa fusiformis , sometimes known as the common salp , is the most widespread species of salp .
Lepas anserifera is a species of goose barnacle or stalked barnacle in the family Lepadidae .
Eurymela is a genus of leafhoppers .
Minaria is a genus of flowering plants formerly belonging to the plant family Asclepiadaceae , now considered to be part of the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 2006 .
Masillatrogon is an extinct genus of trogon .
Pseudophistomis pallida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Pseudophistomis .
Onoclea is a genus of plants in the Onocleaceae family , native to moist habitats in eastern Asia and eastern North America .
Megadontognathus is a genus of ghost knifefishes from tropical South America .
Achnatherum nelsonii is a species of grass known by the common names Columbia needlegrass , subalpine needlegrass , and western needlegrass .
Carex rossii , commonly known as Ross 's sedge , is a hardy , monoecious species of sedge that is often a pioneer species in areas with little or no established vegetation , or in places where disturbance has occurred .
Stanhopea avicula is a species of orchid endemic to Panama .
Manorina is a genus of Australian endemic honeyeaters , containing four species : the black - eared miner ( M. melanotis ) the yellow - throated miner ( M. flavigula ) , the noisy miner ( M. melanocephala ) and the bell miner ( M. melanophrys ) .
Megasoma is a rhinoceros beetle genus .
Betta mandor is a species of gourami endemic to the island of Borneo where it is only known from the Indonesian province of Kalimantan Barat where it is found in the Kapuas basin .
Streptococcus iniae is a species of Gram - positive , sphere - shaped bacterium belonging to the genus Streptococcus .
Leptogorgia virgulata , commonly known as the sea whip or colorful sea whip , is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae .
Agrostis ( bent or bentgrass ) is a large and very nearly cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family , found in nearly all the countries in the world .
Bidens cosmoides , commonly known as the cosmosflower beggarticks , is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Callionymus doryssus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around Japan .
Bandera virginella is a species of snout moth in the genus Bandera .
Dinoponera lucida is a large queenless species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Pyrenasaurus is an extinct genus of lizard that includes only one species , the type species Pyrenasaurus evansae , which lived around the Pyrenees mountains during the Late Eocene .
Eonycteris is a genus of megabats found in Asia .
Botrychium boreale , commonly called Northern Moonwort , is a species of fern .
Epischnia thewysi is a species of snout moth in the genus Epischnia .
Scopulariopsis is a genus of anamorphic fungi that are saprobic and pathogenic to animals .
Ogcocephalidae is a family of anglerfish specifically adapted for a benthic lifestyle of crawling about on the seafloor .
Neophrida aurolimbalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Neophrida .
The Black Sea Urchin , Stomopneustes variolaris is a species of sea urchin , the only one in its genus Stomopneustes and only species still alive in its family Stomopneustidae .
Penicillium coprobium is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces pyripyropene A , roquefortine C , penicillic acid and patulin .
Rickettsia peacockii is a species of gram negative Alphaproteobacteria of the spotted fever group , identified from Rocky Mountain wood ticks ( Dermacentor andersoni ) .
Sycomacophila is an Afrotropical genus of gall wasps that live on the monoecious fig subgenus , Sycomorus .
It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985 , and the type species is Ibexaspis quattuor , which was originally described under the genus Protopliomerops as the subspecies P. quattuor brevis by Young in 1973 .
Trichalphus pilosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Trichalphus .
Exserohilum inaequale is a species of fungus in the family Pleosporaceae .
Pinus praetermissa , commonly known as McVaugh 's pine , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
Gonodactylus smithii , the purple spot mantis shrimp , is a species of mantis shrimp of the smasher type .
Lucina pensylvanica , or the Pennsylvania lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Ranella olearium , common name the wandering triton or the little frog triton or olive trumpet , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae , the tritons .
Phyllocladus toatoa , known as Toatoa ( Māori ) or Blue Celery Pine is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family , endemic to New Zealand .
Agaricus californicus is similar in general appearance to many other Agaricus species , especially to A. campestris , A. cupreobrunneus , and A. bisporus , which are commonly collected for the table .
Eulithomyrmex is an extinct genus of ant in the formicid subfamily Agroecomyrmecinae .
Rhododendron wardii ( 黄杯杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern Sichuan , southeastern Xizang , and northwestern Yunnan in China , where it grows at altitudes of 3000 - -4600 meters .
Cephalanthera , abbreviated Ceph in horticultural trade , is a genus of mostly terrestrial orchids .
Fusinus genticus is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails and tulip snails .
Telema tenella is a species of spider in the family Telemidae .
Vizella is a genus of leaf - inhabiting fungi in the class Dothideomycetes , and the type genus of the family Vizellaceae .
Apocopis is a genus of Asian plants in the grass family , widespread in China , the Indian Subcontinent , and Southeast Asia , including several species endemic to Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Ptecticus is an Old World genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae .
Chrysomantis cervoides is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region , formerly called the Zaire River , located in Africa .
Arietitidae is a family of true ammonites that make up part of the superfamily Psilocerataceae .
Actaeomorpha is a genus of crabs in the family Aethridae , containing the following species :
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Sphaerodothella danthoniae .
Rosa rubiginosa ( sweet briar , sweetbriar rose , sweet brier or eglantine ; syn . R. eglanteria ) is a species of rose native to Europe and western Asia .
Nausithoe aurea is a species of crown jellyfish found off the southeastern coast of Brazil .
Uramphisopus pearsoni is a species of isopod crustacean in the family Phreatoicidae .
Solanum erianthum is a species of nightshade that is native to southern North America and northern South America .
Bredana is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs in the USA .
Areca gurita is an extant species of single - stemmed palm tree ( genus Areca ) indigenous to the Malaysian state of Sarawak on Borneo .
Proserpinus flavofasciata , the Yellow - banded Day Sphinx , is a species of hawk moth which occurs at the edges of , and in clearings in , boreal and mountain forests across Canada , as far south as Maine and Massachusetts in the east and as far north as Alaska in the west .
Panopea abrupta is an extinct species of large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Hiatellidae .
Soederberghia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish that lived during the late Devonian period .
Dictyostelium is a genus of single- and multi - celled eukaryotic , phagotrophic bacterivores .
Quebecoceras is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order Ellesmerocerida that lived during the Gasconadian Stage at the beginning of the Early Ordovician .
Dolopharoides meruanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Dolopharoides .
Myrmecium bifasciatum is an ant - mimicking spider species found in Brazil and French Guiana .
Rubus cubitans , the sprawling dewberry , is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Renanthera imschootiana is a species of orchid occurring from the eastern Himalaya to China ( southeastern Yunnan ) and Vietnam .
Edmontosaurus ( /ɛdˌmɒntəˈsɔːrəs/ ed - MON - tə - SAWR - əs ) is a genus of hadrosaurid ( duck - billed ) dinosaur .
Lamprima aenea is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae , that is found in on Norfolk Island .
Ancylus ashangiensis is a species of very small , air - breathing , freshwater snail or limpet .
Acantholycosa katunensis is a species of wolf spider only known from the Katun Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains .
Buccinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of very small to large predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks .
Conomurex luhuanus , common name the Strawberry conch , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Chronoxenus walshi is a species of ant of the Chronoxenus genus .
Lewisia cantelovii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Cantelow 's lewisia .
Paradoxoglanis cryptus is a species of electric catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , where it occurs in the Kagala River .
†Partula callifera was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Margarites albolineatus is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae , the turban snails .
Discosoma ( synonym Actinodiscus ) , commonly known as mushroom coral , sometimes incorrectly as mushroom anemone or disc anemone , are a genus of soft coral native to the Indian ocean , and commonly collected , worldwide , as an easy coral to grow in marine aquaria .
Metopium toxiferum ( poisonwood , Florida poisontree , hog gum ) is a species of flowering tree in the cashew or sumac family , Anacardiaceae , that is native to the American neotropics .
Hanleya is a genus of polyplacophoran mollusc known from Oligocene and Miocene fossils ; it is represented today by a number of species including H. sinica Xu 1990 ( China ) , H. brachyplax ( Brazil ) and H. hanleyi Bean in Thorpe , 1844 ( Chile ) , which feeds on sponges .
Petrotilapia nigra is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers areas with rocky substrates .
Megacephala aequinoctialis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejean in 1825 .
Capitulum mitella is the only species in the genus .
`` Candidatus Scalindua '' is a bacterial genus , member of the order Planctomycetes .
Chloris virgata is a species of grass known by the common names feather fingergrass feathery Rhodes - grass and feather windmillgrass .
It consists of only one species , Orthorisma netunaria , which is found in Brunei , Malaysia ( Sabah , Sarawak ) and Indonesia ( Kalimantan , Natuna Islands , Sumatra ) .
Pomaderris vellea , commonly known as Woolly Pomaderris , is a shrub species that is native to the states of New South Wales and Queensland in Australia .
Halesia tetraptera , commonly known as the common silverbell or mountain silverbell ( or Carolina silverbell ; syn . Halesia carolina auct . non L. ) , is a species in the family Styracaceae , native to the southeastern United States .
Hipparion ( Greek , `` pony '' ) is an extinct genus of horse living in North America , Asia , Europe , and Africa during the Miocene through Pleistocene ~23 Mya--781,000 years ago , existing for 22 million years .
Actinomyces radicidentis is a species in the genus of Actinomyces , first isolated from infected root canals of teeth .
Patrobus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) and the Nearctic .
Malasaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid which existed in Russia .
It contains the single species Geridixis minx , which is found in Panama .
Thrixspermum saruwatarii is a species of orchid native central and southern Taiwan .
Prolagus osmolskae is an extinct species in the genus Prolagus .
Gemmata obscuriglobus is a Gram - negative , aerobic , heterotrophic , motile bacterium of the phylum Planctomycetes , first described in 1984 as the only described species in the genus Gemmata .
Anakamacops ( meaning `` similar to Kamacops '' in Greek ) is a genus of dissorophid temnospondyl from the early Middle Permian of China .
Paris polyphylla is an Asian species of plants native to China , the Indian Subcontinent , and Indochina .
Arbutus tessellata is a Mexican species of shrubs in the heath family .
Astragalus pauperculus is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common name depauperate milkvetch .
Androcymbium is a genus of perennial flowering plants first described as a genus in 1808 .
Thospia permixtella is a species of snout moth in the genus Thospia .
Siparuna is a genus of plants belonging to the family Siparunaceae .
Gaurotinus tenuelineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Gaurotinus .
Lucina amiantus , or the decorated lucine , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae .
Adenia pechuelii is a species of plant in the family Passifloraceae .
Astragalus nutans is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Providence Mountains milkvetch .
Vitex gaumeri ( also called Fiddlewood , Walking Lady , or Yax - nik ) is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family .
Viola chamissoniana is a species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common name ' Olopu .
Metanephrops japonicus is a species of lobster found in Japanese waters , and a gourmet food in Japanese cuisine .
Morawanocetus is a genus of extinct primitive baleen whale from the family Aetiocetidae that existed during the Chattian epoch of the late Oligocene period .
Papilio horribilis is a member of the hesperus species - group . The members of the clade are Papilio hesperus Westwood , 1843 Papilio euphranor Trimen , 1868 Papilio horribilis Butler , 1874 Papilio pelodurus Butler , 1896
Pseudoneoponera is a ponerine genus of ants found from India to Australia .
Cathyalia pallicostalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cathyalia .
Alcyonium digitatum or dead man 's fingers is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family .
Isoetes toximontana is a plant species native to the Northern Cape and Western Cape regions of South Africa .
Allium yanchiense is a plant species endemic to China , reported from Gansu , Hebei , Nei Mongol , Ningxia , Qinghai , Shaanxi and Shanxi .
Dicranosterna is a genus of beetles of leaf beetle , in the subfamily Chrysomelinae .
Acanthoponera is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Heteroponerinae .
Nannostomus digrammus , commonly known as the twostripe pencilfish , is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins .
Plesiochelyidae is an extinct family of turtles in the cryptodira suborder .
Arthuria alcatraziensis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Arthuria from Brazil .
Mimocornuscoparia chassoti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimocornuscoparia .
Agaricocrinus americanus , the mushroom crinoid , is a species of extinct crinoid , known only from its fossils , which are found in the U.S. states of Indiana , Tennessee and Kentucky .
Acroporidae is a family of small polyped stony corals in the phylum Cnidaria .
Hemiargyrophylax punctilucis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Hemiargyrophylax of the family Tachinidae .
Thickly snouted pipefish , Syngnathus variegatus , is a pipefish species , inhabits the Black Sea and Sea of Azov .
Ribes amarum is a species of currant known by the common name bitter gooseberry .
Eledone moschata , the musky octopus , is a species of octopus that lives in the Mediterranean Sea .
Pyroteuthidae ( the fire squids ) is a family of squids .
Perileptus areolatus is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Trechinae subfamily .
Prionomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae .
Orthotylus paulinoi is a species of bug in the Miridae family that is endemic to Portugal .
Perischoechinoidea is a subclass of primitive sea urchins that were abundant in the Palaeozoic seas .
Tudivasum zanzibaricum , common name the Zanzibar tudicula , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Vasinae , the vase shells , within the family Turbinellidae .
Phyllostegia parviflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name smallflower phyllostegia .
Miomelon alarconi , commonly known as the Alarcon volute is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Croton wigginsii is a species of croton known by the common name Wiggins ' croton .
Pseudobahia bahiifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Hartweg 's golden sunburst .
Megalachne is a genus of Chilean plants in the grass family , found only on the Juan Fernández Islands in the Pacific Ocean , part of the Republic of Chile .
Procambarus zonangulus , the white river crawfish , white river crayfish or southern white river crayfish , is a species of freshwater crayfish .
Nanorana medogensis ( common name : Medog spiny frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Eleutherodactylus rufescens ( Spanish : Rana - fisgona Roja ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Euglandina singleyana , common name the `` striate glandina '' or `` striate wolfsnail '' , is a species of predatory air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae .
Aspidura deraniyagalae , commonly known as Deraniyagala 's rough - sided snake , Sri Lanka rough - sided snake , and කදු මැඩිල්ලා ( kandu medilla ) in Sinhala , is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka .
Apareiodon is a genus of scrapetooths from South America where they are found as far south as Río de la Plata .
Eryma is a genus of fossil lobster - like crustaceans , containing 44 species .
Gooloogongia ( /ɡʊlʉˈɡɒŋɡiə/ GUU - luu - GONG - gee - ə ) is a genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which belonged to the group of Rhizodont fishes .
Allium textile ( prairie onion or textile onion ) is a common species of wild onion found in the central part of North America .
Melbournopterus is a genus of prehistoric chelicerate or brachiopod , known from the Upper Silurian of Australia .
Argonauta cornuta is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta .
Camptostoma is a small genus of tyrant flycatchers .
The Vedian prickly thrift ( Acantholimon vedicum ) is a species of leadwort that is endemic to central Armenia , and is only found in the Yerevan floristic region , on the limestone massif Erakh between elevations of 900 - -1,000 m , close to the city of Vedi .
Eucrosia is a genus of herbaceous , perennial and bulbous plants in the Amaryllis family ( Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae ) distributed from Ecuador to Peru .
Pristurus is a genus of geckos endemic to Arabia and Socotra Island as well as the Middle East and the Horn of Africa .
Ganorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lungfish from the Devonian period .
Stylidium divaricatum , known by the vernacular name daddy - long - legs , is a species in the genus Stylidium that is endemic to Western Australia .
Syzygium sandwicense is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Tachina discifera is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Maluku province of Indonesia .
Philodendron speciosum is a species of plant in the Araceae family , native to Brazil and Bolivia .
Anthurium andraeanum is a flowering plant species in the Araceae family .
Myrmecodaptria ( meaning `` ant eater '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of scleroglossan lizard from the Late Cretaceous Djadokhta Formation in Ukhaa Tolgod , Mongolia .
Larocheopsis macrostoma is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Larocheidae .
Passiflora ligularis , commonly known as the sweet granadilla or grenadia , is a plant species in the Passiflora genus .
Euryoryzomys lamia , also known as the buffy - sided oryzomys or monster rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Euryoryzomys of family Cricetidae .
Cotinis beraudi is a species of Cotinis scarab .
Mesonauta is a small genus of cichlids native to soft , acidic freshwater habitats in South America .
Herina palustris is a species of picture - winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae .
Acropora irregularis is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern and southwestern Indian Ocean , the Solomon Islands , the central Indo - Pacific , the East China Sea , and Japan .
Scytodoidea is a taxon of araneomorph spiders , at the rank of superfamily .
Bursera simaruba , commonly known as gumbo - limbo , copperwood , chaca , and turpentine tree , is a tree species in the family Burseraceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas from the southeasternmost United States ( southern Florida ) south through Mexico and the Caribbean to Brazil , Jinotega and Venezuela .
Allium griffithianum is an Asian species of onion found in the high mountains of Pakistan , Afghanistan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan .
Lycodon is a genus of colubrid snakes , commonly known as wolf snakes .
Drassodes cupreus is a species of spider in the genus Drassodes , family Gnaphosidae .
Rhagio mystaceus , also known as the down - looker fly , downlooker snipefly and common snipe fly , is a species of flies from the family Rhagionidae .
Phalaris minor is a species of grass native to North Africa , Europe , and South Asia .
Ursinoscorpaenopsis kitai is a species of scorpionfish native to the Pacific Ocean waters around Japan .
Jacquinia pungens ( syn . Jacquinia macrocarpa subsp . pungens ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Theophrastaceae , native to southern Mexico .
Stanhopea graveolens is a species of orchid occurring from Mexico to Honduras .
It contains only one species , Cleptotypodes ledereri , which is found in France , Italy , Romania and Russia .
Anopheles albimanus is a species of mosquito in the order Diptera .
Incilius chompipe is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae , known from several localities near Cascajal in the Cerro Chompipe and in the Reserva Dantas , both in the Cordillera Central of Costa Rica .
Pediocactus knowltonii is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Knowlton 's miniature cactus , Knowlton 's pincushion cactus , and Knowlton 's minute cactus .
Berroa is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Berroa gnaphalioides .
Currently , two species are placed in the recently established genus Nadzikambia ( derived from the species ' name in Chichewa ) .
The genus includes one species , Killikaike blakei , that lived in Argentina during the Early Miocene .
Allium parryi is a North American species of wild onion known by the common names Parry 's onion and Parry 's fringed onion .
Streptomyces collinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Baden in Germany .
Saiphos is a monotypic genus of skinks .
Ribes hudsonianum is a North American species of currant , known by the common name northern black currant .
Herrania is a genus of flowering plants in the family Sterculiaceae .
Eusphaerium purpureum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Eusphaerium .
Luidia australiae , the southern sand star , is a species of starfish in the family Luidiidae .
Athous balcanicus is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family which is endemic to Bulgaria .
The Annonaceae are a family , the custard apple family , of flowering plants consisting of trees , shrubs , or rarely lianas .
Euphorbia garberi ( syn . Chamaesyce garberi ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Garber 's spurge .
Enteroplax yaeyamensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Strobilopsidae .
Malacolimax wiktori is a species of air - breathing land slug , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae , the keelback slugs .
Hyloscirtus is a genus of relatively large Neotropical frogs in the Hylidae family .
Carpilioidea is a superfamily of crabs containing a single extant family , Carpiliidae and three extinct families .
The superorder Elopomorpha contains a variety of types of fishes that range from typical silvery - colored species , such as the tarpons and ladyfishes of the Elopiformes and the bonefishes of the Albuliformes , to the long and slender , smooth - bodied eels of the Anguilliformes .
Ertzica morosella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ertzica .
Solemydidae is an extinct family of turtles .
Entomophaga nigrohalterata is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Entomophaga of the family Tachinidae .
Populus tremuloides is a deciduous tree native to cooler areas of North America , one of several species referred to by the common name Aspen .
Leptoglossus oppositus is one of a variety of species of leaf - footed bug .
Lycodon cavernicolus , also known as Gua Wang Burma wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake found in peninsular Malaysia .
Carex mariposana is a species of sedge known by the common name Mariposa sedge .
Artemisia pattersonii , also known as Patterson sagewort or Patterson 's wormwood , is a species of North American plants in the sunflower family .
Macrobaenidae is an extinct family of turtles in Centrocryptodira .
Notoncus is an Australian genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae .
Holst 's frog ( Babina holsti ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Jacksonia sternbergiana , commonly known as stinkwood or green stinkwood , is a species of shrub or small tree that occurs in the south - west of Western Australia .
Deinopis longipes is a species of net - casting spider ( family Deinopidae ) .
Aparallactus werneri , or the Usambara centipede - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Lupinus shockleyi is a species of lupine known by the common name purple desert lupine .
Hibiscadelphus giffardianus ( Kilauea hau kuahiwi ) is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family , Malvaceae , that is endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii .
Caesalpinia paraguariensis ( the Guayacaú Negro or Ibirá - Berá ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
The Acroceridae are a small family of odd - looking flies .
The Bougainville bush warbler or odedi ( Horornis haddeni ) is a bird species initially placed in the `` Old World warbler '' assemblage , but nowadays moved with its congeners to the new cettiid warbler family .
Anterhynchium is an afrotropical , indomalayan , Australian and palearctic genus of potter wasps .
Oxydisia hyperythrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oxydisia .
Mandragora autumnalis , known as mandrake or autumn mandrake , is recognized by some sources as a separate species from Mandragora officinarum , although with different circumscriptions .
Xanthodaphne egregia is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dahbiah .
Cymbonotus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family from southern Australia .
Arene riisei is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Areneidae .
Lophopogonius crinitus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Lophopogonius .
The bacterial species Pseudomonas melophthora , can be found in the apple maggot , Rhagoletis pomonella .
Kalophryganeidae was a extinct family in the order Trichoptera .
Restrepia roseola , the Rosy Restrepia , is a species of orchid endemic to Venezuela .
Helix mazzullii , also known as Cantareus mazzullii or Cornu mazzullii , is a species of large , edible , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Glaphyromorphus is a genus of lizards in the skink family ( Scincidae ) .
Zilla diodia is an orb - weaver spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan .
Musculium lacustre is a species of freshwater bivalve from family Sphaeriidae .
Xeneretmus is a genus of poachers native to the eastern Pacific Ocean .
The Verapaz shrew ( Sorex veraepacis ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Procaris hawaiana is a species of shrimp in the family Procarididae , from Maui , Hawaii .
Alfalfa mosaic virus ( AMV ) , also known as Lucerne mosaic virus or Potato calico virus , is a worldwide distributed phytopathogen that can lead to necrosis and yellow mosaics on a large variety of plant species , including commercially important crops .
Oxyophthalmellus rehni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia .
Aquilonastra conandae is a species of starfish from the Asterinidae family found near the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean .
Belosaepia , occasionally incorrectly Belosepia , is a genus of cuttlefish - like cephalopod known from the Eocene .
Teleocichla is a small genus of cichlid endemic to the Tapajós , Xingu and Tocantins basins , which are part of the Amazon River Basin in South America .
Polemonium occidentale is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names western polemonium and western Jacob's - ladder .
Erica carnea ( winter heath , winter flowering heather , spring heath , alpine heath ; syn . E. herbacea , E. mediterranea ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae native to mountainous areas of central and southern Europe , where it grows in coniferous woodlands or stony slopes .
Ptychohyla dendrophasma is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guatemala and possibly Mexico .
Brachymenes is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing two species , the primarily Andean species B. wagnerianus and the lowland species B. dyscherus .
Loeseliastrum depressum ( formerly Ipomopsis depressa ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name depressed ipomopsis .
Camponotus silvestrii is a species of carpenter ant in the genus Camponotus .
Panicum dichotomiflorum , known by the common names fall panicgrass , autumn millet ( Britain and Ireland ) , and fall panicum is a species of Poaceae `` true grass '' .
Gibberula punctilum is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae family , sometimes instead placed in the family Cystiscidae .
Perotis unicolor , common name green jewel beetle , is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family .
The phylum Bacteroidetes is composed of three large classes of Gram - negative , nonsporeforming , anaerobic or aerobic , and rod - shaped bacteria that are widely distributed in the environment , including in soil , sediments , and sea water , as well as in the guts and on the skin of animals .
Aiphanes eggersii , known locally as Corozo , is a species of spiney , pinnately leaved palm which is endemic to the coastal plain of Ecuador .
Galeichthys is a genus of sea catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) .
Quercus myrtifolia ( myrtle oak ) is a North American species of oaks in the beech family .
Panicum hemitomon is a species of grass known by the common name maidencane .
Schizachyrium condensatum is a species of grass known by the English common names Colombian bluestem , bush beardgrass , and little bluestem , and the Spanish common names aguará ruguay and yerba barbuda .
Neorufalda pullella is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Neorufalda .
Entheus priassus is a species of skipper butterfly from Central and South America .
The Hoplias aimara , also known as Anjumara , Anjoemara and Wolf Fish , is a species of freshwater fish found in the rivers of South America .
Joannesia princeps ( common names : arara nut - tree , andá - açu ) is a species of moderate - sized tree in the Euphorbiaceae family , with a spreading canopy , large alternate and long petioled leaves , and coarse branches .
Lygaeus equestris , common name Black - and - Red - bug , is a species of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae , subfamily Lygaeinae .
Solenopsidini ( meaning `` pipe - faced '' ) is a tribe of myrmicine ants with about 20 genera .
Cyrtopodion brachykolon is a species of gecko , also known as `` bent - toed gecko '' .
Phyllonotus pomum , common name the `` apple murex '' , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Lyctus brunneus is a species of beetle in the family Bostrichidae .
Hipposcarus longiceps is a species of ray - finned fish in the Scaridae family .
Ceratarges was a genus of Lichidan Trilobite from the Middle to Late Devonian .
The family Castoridae contains the two living species of beavers and their fossil relatives .
Daphne arbuscula is a species of flowering plant in the family Thymelaeaceae , native only to the Slovakia .
Brachycerinae is a weevil subfamily in the family Brachyceridae .
Calamus gibbsianus is a species of Rattan palm in the genus Calamus endemic to the Malaysian States of Sarawak and Sabah on the island of Borneo .
Pseudagrion caffrum , the springwater sprite is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
Cirripectes vanderbilti , the Scarface blenny , is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Hawaiian and Johnston islands in the eastern central Pacific ocean .
Eutaeniichthys gilli is a species of goby native to brackish waters of the northwestern Pacific Ocean from around Japan , the Korean Peninsula and the Yellow Sea .
Micropterix erctella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Walsingham , Lord Thomas de Grey , in 1919 .
Sphagnum affine , the imbricate bogmoss , is a species of peat moss or sphagnum moss which is exploited to make commercial peat products .
Acatochaeta africana is a species of flies in the family Ulidiidae , and the only species in the genus Acatochaeta .
Polygonum ramosissimum is a North American species of herbaceous annual plants in the buckwheat family , widespread across much of Canada and the United States , where it is commonly called bushy knotweed .
Conolophus marthae , the Galápagos pink land iguana , is a species of lizard of the Iguanidae family .
Marasmodes is a genus of South African shrubs in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family .
Conus cinereus , common name the sunburnt cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Hydrobius is a genus of hydrophilid beetles that contains nine species distributed throughout the Holarctic ecozone .
Campylopus introflexus , the heath star moss , is a species of moss .
Selaginella lepidophylla ( syn . Lycopodium lepidophyllum ) is a species of desert plant in the spikemoss family ( Selaginellaceae ) .
Erythroxylum novogranatense is a neotropical species of Erythroxylum ( Erythroxylaceae ) .
Linnaea amabilis , formerly known as Kolkwitzia amabilis /kɒlˈkwɪtsi.ə əˈmæbᵻlɪs/ is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Retrostium amphiroae , described as new to science from Japan in 1997 .
Microtropis wallichiana is a species of small tree in the Celastraceae family .
Conringia orientalis is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name hare 's ear mustard .
Hygrobatoidea is a superfamily of water mites found in North America .
Osteomeles subrotunda is a species of plant native to China and the Ryukyu islands of Japan .
The species Lavocatia alfambrensis is known from the Barremian ( Lower Cretaceous)-age strata of Galve , Spain .
Phaonia pallida is a species of fly which is distributed across parts the Palaearctic .
Trichomycterus anhanga is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil , where it occurs in the Amazon river basin in the state of Amazonas .
It was described by Rebel in 1934 , and contains the species Incurvarites alienella .
Odontesthes is a genus of neotropical silversides .
Hierodula majuscula is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hierodula .
Heliamphora ciliata is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant endemic to Venezuela .
The East Atlantic peacock wrasse ( Symphodus tinca ) is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Spain to Morocco and in the coastal waters of the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea .
Callinectes ornatus is a species of swimming crab in the genus Callinectes .
Microdon analis , is a species of hoverfly .
The Apodida is an order of littoral to deep - sea , largely infaunal holothurians .
Phacelia thermalis is a species of phacelia known by the common names heated phacelia and hot spring phacelia .
Leucothecium is a genus of fungi within the Onygenaceae family .
Hololeius ceylanicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Hololeius .
Paracanthocobitis aurea also known as the Barred zipper loach is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis .
Ground beetles are a large , cosmopolitan family of beetles , Carabidae , with more than 40,000 species worldwide , around 2,000 of which are found in North America and 2,700 in Europe .
Parexus is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish .
Lactobacillus fermentum is a Gram - positive species of bacterium in the genus Lactobacillus .
Brachyelosoma mindanaonis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Brachyelosoma .
Elasmosauridae was a family of plesiosaurs .
The Tasmanian emu ( Dromaius novaehollandiae diemenensis ) is an extinct subspecies of the emu .
Glyceria notata , the plicate sweet - grass or marked glyceria , is a species of rhizomatous , tufted , perennial grasses in the mannagrass genus , found in all continents of the world .
Trichocladus goetzei is a species of plant in the Hamamelidaceae family .
Mabuya is a genus of long - tailed skinks restricted to species from the Americas .
The Altai birch mouse ( Sicista napaea ) is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae .
The Antiguan racer is a snake which belongs to the family Didsadidae , which includes about half of the world 's known snake species .
Rhodanthe anthemoides , commonly known as chamomile sunray , is a perennial species of the daisy family Asteraceae .
Eimeria fraterculae is a species of protist belonging to the family Eimeriidae .
Conasprella rutila , common name the burnished cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Acmispon brachycarpus ( formerly Lotus humistratus ) is a species of legume known by the common name foothill deervetch .
Millieriidae is a small family of insects in the lepidopteran order .
Chromis iomelas is a species of reef dwelling fish in the family Pomacentridae .
Paramoera is a genus of amphipods in the family Pontogeneiidae .
Megachile albonotata is a bee species in the genus Megachile found notably in Spain .
Procolobus is the genus of the red colobus monkeys and the olive colobus .
Cyclosia is a genus of zygaenid moth that has a mimicry complex with the Milkweed butterfly .
Sorbus leyana ( also called Ley 's Whitebeam ) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family .
Triplophysa furva is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa endemic to China .
Caesio is a genus of fish in the family Caesionidae , the fusiliers .
Hyperothrix orophura is a species of millipede in the family Pyrgodesmidae .
Plectrophenax is a small genus of passerine birds of the longspur family Calcariidae .
Citharinops distichodoides is a species of lutefish found in tropical Africa .
Hemirhabdorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric Actinopterygii , or ray - finned fish , that lived from the early to middle Eocene .
†Anozygidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda .
Strongylopus is a genus of pyxicephalid frogs native to Africa .
Its only described species , Pseudofluda pulcherrima , is found in Brazil .
Palafoxia , palafox , is a genus of North American flowering plants in the Bahia tribe within the ( sunflower family ) .
Sturisoma aureum is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Magdalena , San Jorge and Cesar River basins .
Lindera aggregata is a plant species belonging to the Lindera genus .
The South African giraffe or Cape giraffe ( Giraffa camelopardalis giraffa ) is a subspecies of giraffe native to Southern Africa .
Iris narzykulovi a species of praying mantis found in Tadschikistan .
Synodontis acanthomias is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Cameroon , the Central African Republic , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo .
Subuluridae is a family of spirurian nematodes which , together with the two species of Maupasinidae , make up the superfamily Subuluroidea .
The Shining Gossamerwing , ( Euphaea splendens ) , is a species of damselfly in family Euphaeidae .
Myrtella is a genus of plants in the Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1877 .
Chilocarpus is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1823 .
Carex pellita is a species of sedge known by the common name woolly sedge .
Erigeron vicinus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names neighbor fleabane and border fleabane .
Potamochoerus ( meaning `` river pig '' ) is a genus in the pig family ( Suidae ) .
Karotomorpha is a genus of parasite with a flagellum structure .
Lomatium lucidum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name shiny biscuitroot .
Latrodectus elegans is a species of `` widow spider '' endemic to East Asia .
Trivirostra pellucidula , common name the riceys , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae , the false cowries or trivias .
Cteniopus sulphureus is a species of comb - clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae .
Pratylenchus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lesion nematodes .
Erigeron serpentinus is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names serpentine fleabane and serpentine daisy .
Ceroxys munda is a species of picture - winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae found in Hungary , Slovakia , the Czech Republic , Ukraine , and Russia .
It contains only one species , Stryphnodes styracopa , which is found in Sri Lanka .
Rhabdopleura normani is a small , marine species of worm - shaped animal .
The other A. ( Pseudamaltheus ) , sometimes expressed as genus , is a late derivative of ( Amaltheus ) with an early loss of keel and ribbing and an extreme development of strigation .
The mangrove murex ( Chicoreus capucinus ) is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Muhlenbergia racemosa is a species of grass known by the common names green muhly and marsh muhly .
Tremellodendron is a genus of fungi in the family Sebacinaceae .
Neorapana grandis is a species of large predatory tropical sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae , the rock snails .
Dasyhelea is a genus of biting midges and the only genus of its subfamily , the Dasyheleinae .
Lophotriccus is a genus of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family .
Anomiopus howdeni is a species of true dung beetle that can be found in Brazil and French Guiana .
Neominois carmen , the Joboni Satyr , is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Rhododendron alutaceum is a rhododendron species native to Tibet and southwestern China ( western Sichuan , southeastern Xizang , and northwestern Yunnan ) , where it grows at altitudes of 3200 - -4300 meters .
The eremomelas are a genus , Eremomela , of passerines in the cisticola family Cisticolidae .
Triacanthagyna septima , the pale green darner , is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae .
Chromatium is a genus of photoautotrophic Gram - negative bacteria which are found in water .
Crepidotus versutus , commonly known as the evasive agaric , is a species of fungi in the family Crepidotaceae .
Baniwa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , containing only one species , Baniwa yavitensis , which is known from Venezuela and Amazonas and Pará in Brazil .
Dactyloscopus insulatus is a species of sand stargazer .
Fritillaria pyrenaica is a species of flowering plant in the family Liliaceae , native to the Pyrenees in Spain and France .
Sarcococca hookeriana is a species of evergreen shrub or groundcover , also known as `` Himalayan Sweet Box '' .
Neuwiedia griffithii is a species of orchid that occurs from Vietnam , peninsular Malaysia to northern Sumatra .
The taxonomic order Rhynchonellida is one of the two main groups of living articulate brachiopods , the other being the order Terebratulida .
Rhabdalestes leleupi is a species of fish in the Alestidae family .
Mulgedium is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Zabrus oertzeni is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Crete .
Gymnolaemata are a class Bryozoans .
Mucronella pendula is a species of fungus in the family Clavariaceae .
Labrisomus jenkinsi , Jenkin 's blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Galapagos Islands where it seems to inhabit areas with rocky substrates .
Hylarana attigua is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana native to Laos and Vietnam .
Plantago nivalis is a species of plantain which is found in the Sierra Nevada of Spain .
Selenicereus spinulosus is a cactus species native to eastern Mexico and , possibly , the lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States .
Ambrosina is a genus in the family Araceae that consists of only one species , Ambrosina bassii , and the only genus in the tribe Ambrosineae .
Conus biancae , common name Bianca 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Pinguicula , commonly known as the butterworts , is a genus of carnivorous plants that use sticky , glandular leaves to lure , trap , and digest insects in order to supplement the poor mineral nutrition they obtain from the environments .
Actia infantula is a Palearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae .
Goya stictella is a species of moth belonging to the family Pyralidae .
Fallugia is a monotypic genus of shrub containing the single species Fallugia paradoxa , which is known by the common names Apache plume and ponil .
Cylindracanthus is an extinct genus of Cretaceous bony fish , belonging to the Actinopterygii .
Lupinus flavoculatus is a species of lupine known by the common name yelloweyes , or yellow - eyed lupine .
Enterovirus D is a species of enterovirus which causes disease in humans .
Solidago buckleyi , Buckley 's goldenrod , is a species of goldenrod native to central North America .
The Rose - Fruited Banksia ( Banksia laricina ) is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia endemic to southwestern Western Australia .
It is the sole species in the genus Leucosidea .
Fluminicola nuttallianus , common name dusky pebblesnail , is a possibly extinct species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae .
Colepiocephale is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from Late Cretaceous ( middle Campanian stage ) deposits of Alberta , Canada .
Lodderena pulchella is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae .
Abdominea minimiflora , or the Tiny - flowered Abdominea , is a very rare monopodial epiphytic orchid species and the only species of the monospecific genus Abdominea .
Carabus gebleri is a species of beetle found in Russia and Kazakhstan .
Ceylonthelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs endemic to Sri Lanka , where they live in moist lowland forests , swamps and rivers .
Jacobaea maritima ( silver ragwort ) ( formerly known as Senecio cineraria ) is a perennial plant species in the genus Jacobaea in the family Asteraceae , native to the Mediterranean region .
Impatiens walleriana ( syn . Impatiens sultanii ) , also known as busy Lizzie ( United Kingdom ) , balsam , sultana , or simply impatiens , is a species of the genus Impatiens , native to eastern Africa from Kenya to Mozambique .
Cliochloria senegalensis is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Cliochloria of the family Tephritidae .
The Green green - blooded skink ( Prasinohaema virens ) , sometimes ( ambiguously ) known as `` green tree skink '' , is a scincid lizard species native to New Guinea .
Dendrophorbium is a genus of South American flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Ctenochelys is an extinct genus of Cryptodira , which existed during the Cretaceous period , and lived in shallow waters .
Scutellaria costaricana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family , Lamiaceae , that is native to Costa Rica and Panama .
Pseudotropheus fuscus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is known from Nkhata Bay and Lion 's Cove .
Alcolapia latilabris is a species of small fish in the Cichlidae family .
Epitonium humphreysii , common name Humphrey 's wentletrap , is a species of small predatory or ectoparasitic sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae , the wentletraps .
Lariosaurus is an extinct genus of nothosaurid from the Middle Triassic ( late Anisian to late Ladinian stage ) of central and western Europe and China .
Adlerzia is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Adlerzia froggatti .
Stenodactylus affinis , common name , Iranian short - fingered gecko , is a gecko species in the genus Stenodactylus found in Iran 's southeastern Khuzestan Province and southern Fars Province ) , Iraq .
Micropotamogale is a genus of small , otter - like tenrecs native to riverine habitats of West African rainforests .
Exocarpos gaudichaudii ( also called Gaudichaud 's Exocarpus or Hulumoa ) is a species of plant in the Santalaceae family .
Craugastor rhodopis , also known as the polymorphic robber frog , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Brachylophus gibbonsi is an extinct species of large ( ~1.2 m long ) iguanid lizard from Tonga in the South Pacific Ocean .
Strigocossus is a genus of moths belonging to the family Cossidae .
Taraxia subacaulis is a species of evening primrose known by the common name diffuseflower evening primrose .
Trypodendron a genus of bark beetles of the Curculionidae family .
Actina chalybea is a species of ' Soldier Flies ' belonging to the family Stratiomyidae subfamily Beridinae .
Eucalyptus regnans , known variously as mountain ash , swamp gum , or stringy gum , is a species of Eucalyptus native to Tasmania and Victoria in southeastern Australia and the tallest flowering plant and one of the tallest trees in the world , second to the coast redwood ( Sequoia sempervirens ) .
Artemisia ludoviciana is North American species in the daisy family , known by several common names , including silver wormwood , western mugwort , Louisiana wormwood , white sagebrush , and gray sagewort .
Coregonus is a diverse genus of fish in the salmon family ( Salmonidae ) .
Coniophora is a genus of fungi within the Boletaceae family .
The Onuphidae are a family of polychaete worms .
The European green woodpecker spends much of its time feeding on ants on the ground and does not often ' drum ' on trees like other woodpecker species .
Streblus pendulinus , commonly known as Hawai'i roughbush or aʻiaʻi ( Hawaiian language ) , is a species of flowering plant in the mulberry family , Moraceae , that is native to eastern Australia , Melanesia , Micronesia , and Polynesia .
Yamaceratops is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous .
Batillaria mutata is a species of small mudflat saltwater snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae , the horn snails .
Erythroxylum vacciniifolium is a flowering plant species in the genus Erythroxylum .
Conophytum stephanii is a small South African species of Conophytum named after the German plant collector Paul Stephan who tended the succulent collection at Hamburg Botanic Garden in Germany .
Oxycetonia jucunda , the smaller green flower chafer , is a species of flower chafer found in Japan .
Marasmiellus ramealis is a species of mushroom - forming fungus of the family Marasmiaceae .
Scopaeocharax is a genus of characins endemic to Peru , where both species are found in the upper and middle Huallaga River basin .
Didia diehli is a species of snout moth in the genus Didia .
The water - plantains ( Alismataceae ) are a family of flowering plants , comprising 11 genera and between 85 and 95 species .
Butyrivibrio is a genus of bacteria in Class Clostridia .
Causus maculatus is venomous viper species found mainly in West- and Central Africa .
Coraebus rubi is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae , subfamily Agrilinae .
Uramya indita is a species of fly in the genus Uramya of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China , Japan , and Russia .
Kentropyx calcarata , commonly known as the striped forest whiptail , is a species of lizard endemic to South America .
Prunus havardii , called Havard 's plum , is a rare North American species of shrub tree native to western Texas in the United States and to northern Chihuahua across the Río Grande in Mexico .
Stychoparmena spinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Stychoparmena .
Stachys bullata is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name California hedgenettle .
Laminacauda diffusa is a species of sheet weaver found in Chile , Argentina and the Falkland Islands .
Eriogonum contiguum is an uncommon species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Reveal 's buckwheat and annual desert trumpet .
Cyperus parishii is a species of sedge known by the common name Parish 's flatsedge .
Allium sikkimense is a plant species native to Sikkim , Tibet , Bhutan , Nepal , India and parts of China ( Gansu , Ningxia , Qinghai , Shaanxi , Sichuan , Xizang , Yunnan ) .
Mendozahippus is an extinct genus of notohippid notoungulate which existed in Mendoza , Argentina , during the late Oligocene .
Beyrichites is an extinct genus in the ammonoid cephalopod , order Ceratitida from the Lower and Middle Triassic of southern Europe , Asia , and western North America .
Crataegus cuneata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names Chinese hawthorn ( Chinese : 山楂 ; pinyin : Shan zha ) or Japanese hawthorn .
Corydalis ambigua is a tuberous early flowering east Asian flowering plant species .
Calamagrostis foliosa is a species of grass known by the common name leafy reedgrass .
Euphoberiidae is an extinct family of archipolypodan millipedes known from the Upper Pennsylvanian of Europe and North America .
Droseridites is a genus of extinct plants of possible droseracean or nepenthacean affinity .
Selachophidium guentheri , the barbed brotula , is a species of cusk - eel found in the Indian and Atlantic Oceans off of the southern coast of Africa where it is found at depths of from 200 to 980 metres ( 660 to 3,220 ft ) .
Zeugophiurina is a suborder of primitive brittle stars with three extinct families .
Trichomanes speciosum , commonly known as Killarney Fern , is a species of fern found widely in Western Europe .
Dravidosaurus ( meaning `` Dravidanadu lizard '' , Dravidanadu being a region in the southern part of India where the remains were discovered ) is a controversial genus of prehistoric reptile .
Prestoniella is a genus of very small sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks .
A single species is accepted , Ludiortyx hoffmanni .
Rubus cissoides is a species native to New Zealand .
Taxodium mucronatum , also known as Montezuma bald cypress , Montezuma cypress , sabino , or ahuehuete is a species of Taxodium native to much of Mexico ( south to the highlands of southern Mexico ) , and also the Rio Grande Valley in southernmost Texas , USA as well as Huehuetenango Department in Guatemala .
Henriette Gottlieb ( Berlin , 1884 - Łódź Ghetto , 2 January 1942 ) was a German soprano .
Eteri Lamoris ( born 23 May 1971 ) is an operatic soprano and voice teacher .
Anna Deinet ( also Anna von Possart and Anna Deinet - Possart ) ( 22 February 1843 - 18 August 1919 ) was a German operatic soprano who had an active career during the latter half of the 19th century .
Marta Almajano ( Zaragoza ) is a Spanish soprano .
Nazzareno De Angelis ( November 17 , 1881 - December 14 , 1962 ) was an Italian operatic bass , particularly associated with Verdi , Rossini and Wagner roles .
Ron Bottcher ( 11 May 1940 -- 12 April 1991 ) was an American operatic baritone who was actively performing with both the New York City Opera ( NYCO ) and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s .
Virginia Zeani , Commendatore OMRI ( born 21 October 1925 ) is a Romanian dramatic coloratura soprano , regarded as one of the great sopranos of the 20th century and one of the great musical personalities in the history of Romania .
Danielle de Niese ( born 11 April 1979 ) is an Australian - American lyric soprano .
Waldemar Kmentt ( Wien , 2 February 1929 -- Ibidem , 21 January 2015 ) was an Austrian operatic tenor , who was particularly associated with the German repertory , both opera and operetta .
Gabriela Beňačková ( also Gabriela Beňačková - Čápová : born March 25 , 1947 ) is a Slovak lyric soprano .
John Braham ( c. 1774 -- 17 February 1856 ) was an English tenor opera singer born in London .
Annette Daniels ( September 10 , 1961 -- April 1 , 2004 ) was an American mezzo - soprano opera singer .
Artyom Melikhov is a Russian tenor singer who was born in Saint Petersburg .
Mathé Altéry ( born Marie - Thérèse Altare , 12 September 1927 ) , is a French soprano singer prominent in the 1950s and 1960s for her singing of operettas and French songs .
Patricia Craig ( née Duncklee ; born July 21 , 1947 ) is an American operatic soprano and voice teacher .
Alice Coote ( born 10 May 1968 ) is a British lyric mezzo - soprano .
Francesca Cuzzoni ( 2 April 1696 -- 19 June 1778 ) was an Italian operatic soprano of the Baroque era .
Mihály Székely ( born Jászberény ; May 8 , 1901 -- March 22 , 1963 ) was a Hungarian bass singer famous for Mozartian roles .
Simon Keenlyside CBE ( born 3 August 1959 ) is a British baritone who has had an active international career performing in operas and concerts since the mid-1980s .
Gregorio Babbi ( 16 November 1708 , Cesena - 2 January 1768 ) was an Italian operatic tenor .
Peter Sliker ( 7 June 1925 -- 25 June 2010 ) was an American operatic bass - baritone who had a lengthy career performing at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961 through 1989 .
Luigia Abbadia ( 1821 - -1896 ) was an Italian operatic mezzo - soprano known for her fine voice , secure technique , and a strong temperament .
Cyndia Sieden ( born September 10 , 1961 ) is an American coloratura soprano on the opera and concert stages .
Wu Pak Chiu ( Pinyin : wǔ bó jiù ; Yale Cantonese : ng5 ba3 jau6 ) ( ca . 1913 -- March 31 , 1974 ) , was a prominent Chinese tenor who sang in Europe under the name of Gregorio Wu Pak Chiu .
Gaëlle Méchaly ( born 15 June 1970 in Marseille , France ) is a soprano .
Renato Zanelli ( April 1 , 1892 in Valparaiso -- March 25 , 1935 in Santiago ) was a Chilean operatic baritone and later tenor , particularly associated with heroic Italian and German roles , notably Verdi 's Otello .
Faith Esham ( born August 6 , 1948 ) is an American soprano and college professor of voice .
Francesco Ceccarelli ( 1752 , Foligno -- 21 September 1814 , Dresden ) was a soprano castrato known for his grace and excellent singing technique .
Marcella Sembrich ( February 15 , 1858 -- January 11 , 1935 ) was the stage name of the Polish coloratura soprano , Prakseda Marcelina Kochańska .
Roxana Briban ( 28 October 1971 -- 20 November 2010 ) was a Romanian operatic soprano .
Marius van Altena , born Marius Hendrikus Schweppe ( born 10 October 1938 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch tenor .
Lucrezia Aguiari ( sometimes spelled Agujari ) ( Ferrara 1743/1746 -- Parma 18 May 1783 ) was an Italian coloratura soprano .
Donald Bell ( born 19 June 1934 ) is a Canadian bass - baritone and vocal pedagogue .
Diletta Rizzo Marin ( born 1980 in Vicenza ) is an Italian operatic soprano admired for the quality of her voice and her skills in acting .
Marco Arati ( 181 ? - 1899 ) was an Italian operatic bass active during the 1840s through the 1880s .
Carl Heinrich Graun ( 7 May 1704 -- 8 August 1759 ) was a German composer and tenor singer .
Lisa Milne is a Scottish soprano described by the BBC as `` one of RSAMD 's best - known alumni '' , who was among the first artists to be invited to the BBC Radio 3 New Generation Artists scheme in 1999 - 2001 .
Georgy Andreyevich Baklanoff , known as Georges Baklanoff ( sometimes spelled Baklanov ; 4 January 1881 ( O.S. 23 December 1880 ) -- 6 December 1938 ) was a Russian operatic baritone who had an active international career from 1903 until his death in 1938 .
Elisabeth Schärtel ( 6 October 1919 -- 24 August 2012 ) was a German operatic mezzo - soprano and contralto .
Alois Ander ( also Aloys ; August 24 , 1821 -- December 11 , 1864 ) was a German operatic tenor , active in Vienna in the middle of the nineteenth century .
Layla Claire is a Canadian soprano opera singer .
Gré Brouwenstijn ( born Gerda Demphina : 26 August 1915 in Den Helder -- 14 December 1999 in Amsterdam ) was a Dutch soprano singer whose stage career spanned from the early 1940s to the mid-1970s .
Margarete Klose , ( August 6 , 1899 -- December 14 , 1968 ) , was a German operatic mezzo - soprano .
Francesco Meli ( born 1980 in Genoa ) is an Italian operatic tenor particularly associated with the bel canto reportoire .
Antonio Francesco Carli ( fl . 1706 - -23 ) was an Italian bass singer , primarily of operatic roles .
Sophie Braslau ( August 16 , 1892 -- December 22 , 1935 ) was a contralto prominent in United States opera , starting with her debut in New York City 's Metropolitan Opera in 1913 when she was 21 .
Frank Guarrera ( December 3 , 1923 -- November 23 , 2007 ) was an Italian - American lyric baritone who enjoyed a long and distinguished career at the Metropolitan Opera , singing with the company for a total of 680 performances .
Rebecca Evans is a Welsh operatic soprano .
Herbert Heyner ( 26 June 1882 -- 18 January 1954 ) was a noted English baritone .
Pierre - Émile Engel ( February 15 , 1847 -- 1927 ) was a French operatic tenor active on the stages of Brussels , Paris , Monte - Carlo and other European cities where he sang leading roles in several world premieres .
Richard Leveridge ( or Leueridge ) ( 19 July 1670 -- 22 March 1758 ) was an English bass singer of the London stage and a composer of baroque music , including many popular songs .
Karl Schmitt - Walter ( 23 December 1900 - 14 January 1985 ) was a prominent German opera singer , particularly associated with Mozart and the more lyrical Wagner baritone roles .
Francesca Vanini - Boschi ( died 1744 ) was an Italian contralto singer of the 18th century .
Petr Migunov ( Russian : Пётр Викторович Мигунов ; born August 24 , 1974 ) is a Russian opera and classical singer ( bass ) who graduated from the Saint Petersburg Conservatory and was a winner of both the Tokyo and Salzburg Competitions in 1997 and 1999 respectively .
Bernd Weikl ( born Vienna , 29 July 1942 ) is an Austrian operatic baritone , best known for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner .
Frank Czuri ( born September 8 , 1948 ) is an American vocalist ( tenor ) , entertainer , songwriter and recording artist who has been performing professionally since the age of 14 .
Katarina Dalayman ( born January 25 , 1963 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish soprano who has found critical acclaim singing major operatic roles by composers such as Wagner , Berg , Shostakovich and Bartók , among others .
James Sauvage ( born James Savage ) , ( 9 May 1849 -- 27 November 1922 ) was a Welsh baritone singer .
Darius Campbell ( born Darius Campbell - Danesh , 19 August 1980 ) , also known professionally either as Darius Danesh or Darius , is a Scottish platinum - selling singer - songwriter , a West End stage actor , an operatic baritone , an author , and an Ambassador for The Prince 's Trust .
Fernando del Valle ( né Brian Skinner , 28 February 1964 ) is an American operatic tenor .
Eilene Hannan AM ( 24 July 1946 -- 11 July 2014 ) was an Australian operatic soprano with an international reputation .
Külli Tomingas ( born June 29 , 1972 in Pärnu , Estonia ) , is an Estonian opera singer , mezzo soprano , living in Milano , Italy .
Azer Zeynalov ( Azerbaijani : Zeynalov Azər Zeynalabdin oğlu ) ( born 13 December 1964 ) is Azerbaijani opera singer , ( tenor ) , film composer , actor , and music professor .
Carmen Monarcha ( born August 27 , 1979 in Belém , Pará ) is a Brazilian soprano singer .
Achille De Bassini ( 5 May 1819 -- 3 July 1881 ) was an Italian baritone , particularly noted for his performances in Verdi 's operas .
Jonita Lattimore is an American operatic soprano and a faculty member of Roosevelt University 's Chicago College of Performing Arts .
Ursula Schröder - Feinen ( 21 July 1936 -- 9 February 2005 ) was a German operatic soprano who performed at the Metropolitan Opera and the Bayreuth Festival .
