Ecotopia Emerging ( EE ) by Ernest Callenbach is a fictionalized history of the events leading up to the secession of Northern California , Oregon , and Washington to form the steady - state , environmentalist nation of Ecotopia along the Pacific Coast of the United States .
The Sound Pattern of English ( frequently referred to as SPE ) is a 1968 work on phonology ( a branch of linguistics ) by Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle .
My Cousin Rachel is a novel by British author Daphne du Maurier , published in 1951 .
Azemia is a satirical novel , written by William Thomas Beckford , that was first published in 1797 .
Reversible Errors , published in 2002 ( paperback edition by Picador , 2003 ) is Scott Turow 's sixth novel , and like the others , set in fictional Kindle County .
`` Elle me contrôle '' is a song by French singer M. Pokora written and composed by Georges Padey , Kore & Skalp , Matt Pokora , Da Team and Sweety .
The Diary of a Nobody is an English comic novel written by the brothers George and Weedon Grossmith , with illustrations by the latter .
The Order of Vladimir , Third Class ( Russian : Владимир третьей степени ; Vladimir tret'jej stepeni ) is an unfinished play by Nikolai Gogol , which he worked on between 1832 and 1834 .
The Secret of the League is a 1907 dystopian novel by Ernest Bramah , which describes the overthrow of a democratically - elected British Labour Party Government through a carefully prepared plot by members of the upper classes , and depicts such an overthrow as being a positive and desirable outcome .
A Man Without a Country ( subtitle : A Memoir Of Life In George W Bush 's America ) is an essay collection published in 2005 by the author Kurt Vonnegut .
Tomb of Horrors is an adventure module written by Gary Gygax for the Dungeons & Dragons ( D&D ) role - playing game .
Phaladeepika is a treatise on Hindu astrology written by Mantreswara .
Going Bovine is a 2009 surreal dark comedy novel by Libba Bray .
The Satin Slipper ( Le Soulier de satin ) is a long play by the French dramatist and poet Paul Claudel .
Aún soltera is the first book of the Uruguayan Dani Umpi .
Fontamara ( fontaˈmaːra ) is a 1933 novel by the Italian author Ignazio Silone , written when he was a refugee from the Fascist Police in Davos , Switzerland .
Old Soldiers ( 2005 ) is a sequel novel to the short story `` With Your Shield '' by David Weber , published in the anthology Bolo ! , edited by the same writer .
The Last Boer War is a 1899 non - fiction book by H. Rider Haggard about the Boer War of 1881 .
Journey to the Alcarria ( Spanish : Viaje a la Alcarria ) is a travel book by the Spanish Nobel Prize - winning author Camilo José Cela .
Empire of a Thousand Planets is volume two in the French comic book ( or bande dessinée ) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean - Claude Mézières .
Sundown Beach is a 1948 play in two acts by American playwright Bessie Breuer .
Martyn Pig is a thriller by Kevin Brooks , published on April 1 , 2002 by The Chicken House and aimed at teens and young adults .
Heaven Eyes is a young adult novel by award - winning author David Almond .
Reality and Dreams is a novel by Scottish author Muriel Spark , published in 1996 .
Titeuf is a Swiss comic series created by Zep in 1992 , which was adapted into a 2001 animated TV series and a 2011 film of the same name .
Gypsy in Amber is a 1971 mystery novel by Martin Cruz Smith as `` Martin Smith '' .
The Street Lawyer is a legal thriller novel by John Grisham .
Batman / The Spirit is a 2007 one - shot comic book written by Jeph Loeb with art by Darwyn Cooke and J. Bone .
The Blood Spilt ( Swedish : Det blod som spillts , 2004 ) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson , second in the Rebecka Martinsson series .
The Wellstone is a 2003 hard science fiction novel by Wil McCarthy .
To Be the Man is an autobiographical book written by professional wrestler Ric Flair and Keith Elliot Greenberg , and edited by Mark Madden .
Marnie is an English novel first published in 1961 which was written by Winston Graham .
Inspector Canardo is a comics series created by the Belgian artist Benoît Sokal .
The Solar System and Back ( 1970 ) is a collection of science essays by Isaac Asimov .
Existentialism and Humanism ( French : L'existentialisme est un humanisme , `` Existentialism is a Humanism '' ) is a 1946 philosophical work by Jean - Paul Sartre .
A Short , Sharp Shock ( sometimes titled Short , Sharp Shock ) is a 1990 fantasy novel by Kim Stanley Robinson .
Another Bullshit Night in Suck City is a memoir by playwright and poet Nick Flynn , describing Flynn 's reunion with his estranged father , Jonathan , an alcoholic resident of the homeless shelter where Nick was a social worker in the late 1980s .
Bill , the Galactic Hero is a satirical science fiction novel by Harry Harrison , first published in 1965 .
Seinlanguage is a 1993 book written by Jerry Seinfeld .
A Fable is a 1954 novel written by the American author William Faulkner .
Doctor Gorpon is a 1991 three - issue comic book mini - series published by Malibu Comics , created by Marc Hansen .
Sum Practysis of Medecyne and other Short Works consists of a number of short poetic works customarily accredited to the Scottish poet Robert Henryson .
Liane the Wayfarer is the fourth short story in The Dying Earth ( 1950 ) , a collection of fantasy short stories by Jack Vance .
The Beardless Warriors is a 1960 World War II novel written by Richard Matheson , author of I Am Legend .
Drayman Henschel ( German : Führmann Henschell ) , also known as Carter Henschel , is an 1898 five - act naturalistic play by the German playwright Gerhart Hauptmann .
The Feather Men is a 1991 novel by the British adventurer Sir Ranulph Fiennes .
The Mathematical Magpie is an anthology published in 1962 , compiled by Clifton Fadiman as a companion volume to his Fantasia Mathematica ( 1958 ) .
Major Operation is a 1971 science fiction book by author James White and is the third volume in the Sector General series .
Engelsfors is a Swedish young adult fantasy trilogy written by Mats Strandberg and Sara Bergmark Elfgren .
Confession of a Murderer ( German : Beichte eines Mörders ) is a 1936 novel by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth .
The Wilderness Survival Guide is a supplement to the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons ( AD&D ) role - playing game , written by Kim Mohan and published by TSR , Inc. in 1986 ( ISBN 088038 - 291 - 0 ) .
The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia is a compendium of articles written by Michael Gray covering the life and work of Bob Dylan .
The Regeneration Trilogy is a series of three novels by Pat Barker on the subject of the First World War .
Gotham Underground is a nine - issue limited series from DC Comics , written by Frank Tieri , with art by Jim Califiore .
To Say Nothing of the Dog : or , How We Found the Bishop 's Bird Stump at Last is a 1997 comic science fiction novel by Connie Willis .
But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes is a 1927 novel written by Anita Loos .
The Lady Daffodilia is a children 's short story written by Evelyn Sharp and published in 1900 by John Lane .
Pierre ; or , The Ambiguities is a novel , the seventh book , by American writer Herman Melville , first published in New York in 1852 .
Invitation to a Beheading ( Russian : Приглашение на казнь , lit . Invitation to an execution ) is a novel by Russian American author Vladimir Nabokov .
Alongside Night is a dystopian novel by science fiction writer J. Neil Schulman intended to articulate the principles of Agorism , a political philosophy created by Samuel Edward Konkin III , to whom Schulman dedicated the work .
Zoobreak is a 2009 children 's novel by Gordon Korman and is the sequel to the 2008 book Swindle .
Simon the Coldheart is a novel by Georgette Heyer
A Time to Keep Silence ( 1953 ) is a travel book by British author Patrick Leigh Fermor .
`` The Cloak and the Staff '' is a science fiction novelette by Gordon R. Dickson .
Walt Disney 's Mickey Mouse ( also The Floyd Gottfredson Library ) is a series of books collecting the first 25 years of the 45-year span of work by Floyd Gottfredson on the daily Mickey Mouse comic strip .
`` They 're Made Out of Meat '' is a Nebula Award - nominated short story by Terry Bisson .
The Iron Dragon 's Daughter is a 1993 novel by writer Michael Swanwick that combines fantasy and science fiction .
The Book of Drugs is a 2012 memoir by musician and songwriter Mike Doughty .
De rerum natura ( Latin : ( deː ˈreːrũː naːˈtuːraː ) ; On the Nature of Things ) is a first - century BC didactic poem by the Roman poet and philosopher Lucretius ( c. 99 BC -- c. 55 BC ) with the goal of explaining Epicurean philosophy to a Roman audience .
Bug Jack Barron is a 1969 science fiction novel written by Norman Spinrad , and was nominated for the 1970 Hugo awards .
The Jubilee Book of Cricket is a classic work on Cricket by Prince K.S. Ranjitsinhji .
Silver Canyon is a novel written by Louis L'Amour set in south - central Utah Territory in 1881 .
Branded Outlaw is a Western adventure that takes place in the wild west of New Mexico , written by L. Ron Hubbard .
This High School Has Closets is a novel written by Robert Joseph Greene and published by Icon Empire Press in 2011 with a reprint the following year .
Sand Monkeys is a young adult novel by the Australian writer Joanne Horniman , who is known for novels centering on realistic depictions of people in unusual relationships .
Winner Take Nothing is a 1933 collection of short stories by Ernest Hemingway .
Mad Love Chase , is a manga by Kazusa Takashima .
The Moonlit Road is a gothic horror short story written by Ambrose Bierce .
Steps Along the Way is the spiritual autobiography of Diogenes Allen , professor emeritus at Princeton Theological Seminary .
Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas is a 1994 children 's book written by Fran Lebowitz with illustrations by Michael Graves .
Marhi Da Deeva ( Originally in Punjabi : ਮੜ੍ਹੀ ਦਾ ਦੀਵਾ , Literally meaning : The Lamp of the Tomb ) , sometimes spelled as Marhi Da Diva , is a 1964 Punjabi novel by Gurdial Singh .
The Whetstone of Witte is the shortened title of Robert Recorde 's mathematics book published in 1557 , the full title being The whetstone of witte , whiche is the seconde parte of Arithmetike : containyng thextraction of Rootes :
A Modest Proposal for Preventing the Children of Poor People From Being a Burthen to Their Parents or Country , and for Making Them Beneficial to the Publick , commonly referred to as A Modest Proposal , is a Juvenalian satirical essay written and published anonymously by Jonathan Swift in 1729 .
Tales of Nevèrÿon collects a preface ( to the entire series ) and five sword and sorcery stories by Samuel R. Delany ; and finally an appendix .
The Ambidextrous Universe is a popular science book by Martin Gardner ( 1914 - -2010 ) covering aspects of symmetry and asymmetry in human culture , science and the wider universe .
Les Thanatonautes ( English : The Thanatonauts ) is a 1994 science fiction novel by French writer Bernard Werber .
Mistral 's Daughter is a 1984 American television miniseries , adapted from Judith Krantz 's 1982 novel of the same name .
Castle Waiting is an Eisner Award winning comic book series created by Linda Medley .
`` I Ran Away with a Truck Driver '' is a 9-page romance comics story published in Teen - Age Romances , No . 23 by St. John Publishing in August 1952 with art ( and possibly script ) by Matt Baker .
The Fantastic Flying Journey ( ISBN 1850291055 ) is a children 's book written by Gerald Durrell .
The Haw Lantern ( 1987 ) is a collection of poems written by Irish poet Seamus Heaney , the recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1995 .
The Fat Years is a 2009 Chinese science fiction novel written by Chan Koonchung .
Rakas Henrietta ( Finnish : My Dear Henrietta ) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio .
The History of Human Marriage is an 1891 book about the history of human marriage by the Finnish philosopher Edvard Westermarck , a classic in its field .
Le Bal des Voleurs ( Thieves ' Carnival ) is a play written by French playwright Jean Anouilh , first staged at Théâtre des Arts , Paris on 17 August 1938 .
Night Lamp is a science fiction adventure novel by Jack Vance .
The Perilous Road is a novel , published in 1958 by William O. Steele .
Dimension of Miracles is a 1968 satirical with elements of absurdism science - fiction novel by Robert Sheckley .
The Tailor 's Needle ( 2009 ) is the debut novel of Indian writer Lakshmi Raj Sharma , who is a professor in the Department of English , University of Allahabad .
Dreams of Speaking is a 2006 novel by Australian author Gail Jones .
Being and Time ( German : Sein und Zeit ) is a 1927 book by the German philosopher Martin Heidegger .
The Abhidhammavatara was written in Pali , apparently in the 5th century , by the poet and scholar Buddhadatta in the region of the Kaveri River , in southern India '' .
The God Child is a crime novel by English author Paul Sayer published in 1996 .
In Praise of Cosmetics is the title given to Max Beerbohm 's article in the first edition of `` The Yellow Book '' published in 1894 .
Gender Blender ( ISBN 0 - 385 - 74696 - 2 , 2006 ) is a young adult novel written by Blake Nelson .
`` Raleigh was Right '' is a poem by William Carlos Williams , composed in response to the Elizabethan exchange between Christopher Marlowe , in `` The Passionate Shepherd to His Love '' , and Walter Raleigh , with `` The Nymph 's Reply '' .
Hungarian author Frigyes Karinthy 's fantastic novel Capillaria ( Hungarian : Capillária , 1921 ) , which depicts an undersea world inhabited exclusively by women , recounts , in a satirical vein reminiscent of the style of Jonathan Swift ( author of Gulliver 's Travels ) , the first time that men and women experience sex with one another .
Mr. Monk on the Couch is the twelfth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk .
Barbary Shore is Norman Mailer 's second published novel , written after Mailer 's great success with his 1948 debut The Naked and the Dead .
The Leavenworth Case ( 1878 ) , subtitled A Lawyer 's Story , is an American detective novel and the first novel by Anna Katharine Green .
Die Judenbuche ( The Jew 's Beech ) is a novella written by Annette von Droste - Hülshoff and first published in 1842 .
China Bomb is a near - future novel written by Richard Tregaskis .
The Sword of the Lady ( 2009 ) is an alternate history , post - apocalyptic novel by author S. M. Stirling .
The Good Soldiers ( 2009 ) is a non - fiction book about the 2007 troop surge in Iraq written by David Finkel , chronicling the deployment of 2nd Battalion , 16th Infantry Regiment of the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 1st Infantry Division , nicknamed `` Rangers '' , under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Kauzlarich .
A Room with a View is a 1908 novel by English writer E. M. Forster , about a young woman in the repressed culture of Edwardian era England .
Extreme Metaphors is a collection of interviews with the British writer J. G. Ballard , edited by Simon Sellars and Dan O'Hara , and published in 2012 .
Indian Ink is a 1995 play by Tom Stoppard based on his 1991 radio play In the Native State .
The Man Who Walked Through Time ( 1968 ) is Colin Fletcher 's chronicle of the first person to walk a continuous route through Grand Canyon National Park .
A Passage to India ( 1924 ) is a novel by English author E. M. Forster set against the backdrop of the British Raj and the Indian independence movement in the 1920s .
Quamquam pluries is an encyclical on Saint Joseph by Pope Leo XIII .
`` The Black Pits of Luna '' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein about a Boy Scout on a trip to the Moon and his novel way of finding his lost brother .
Money and Friends is a 1991 Australian play written by David Williamson .
`` Till A’the Seas '' is a post - apocalyptic short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft and R. H. Barlow .
The Memoirs of an Amnesiac is the autobiography of composer , radio , and television personality Oscar Levant .
The Second Deadly Sin ( Swedish : Till offer åt Molok , 2011 ) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson , fifth in the Rebecka Martinsson series .
The Sex Offender is a 1994 novel by Matthew Stadler .
The Wolfen ( 1978 ) is the debut novel of Whitley Strieber .
Three Tall Women is a play by Edward Albee , which won the 1994 Pulitzer Prize for Drama , Albee 's third .
Carnivorous Plants of Australia is a three - volume work on carnivorous plants by Allen Lowrie .
It 's Not All Shrovetide for the Cat ( Ne Vsyo Kotu Maslenitsa , Не всё коту масленица ) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky written in 1871 and first published in the No.9 , September 1871 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski .
Bhowani Junction is a 1954 novel by John Masters , which was the basis of a 1956 film starring Ava Gardner and Stewart Granger .
New Spring ( abbreviated as NS by fans ) is a prequel novel in the Wheel of Time fantasy series by American author Robert Jordan .
David Graham 's Down to a Sunless Sea ( 1979 ) is a post - apocalyptic novel about a planeload of people during and after a short nuclear war , set in a near - future world where the USA is critically short of oil .
Silver Birch , Blood Moon is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Terri Windling and Ellen Datlow .
Do n't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings is a 2006 humor novel and New York Times bestseller by Tyler Perry and focuses on his character of Madea .
The Gnome King of Oz ( 1927 ) is the twenty - first in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors , and the seventh by Ruth Plumly Thompson .
Csongor és Tünde is a Hungarian play , written by Mihály Vörösmarty .
Black Blossom ( Serbian : Црни цвет / Crni cvet ) is an epic high fantasy novel by Serbian writer Boban Knežević , published in 1993 .
Seven Types of Ambiguity is a work of literary criticism by William Empson which was first published in 1930 .
On the Peace ( Ancient Greek : Περὶ τῆς εἰρήνης ) is one of the most famous political orations of the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes .
Streams of Silver is the second book in The Icewind Dale Trilogy , written by R. A. Salvatore .
The Structure of Liberty is a book by legal theorist Randy Barnett which offers a libertarian theory of law and politics .
Asia Overland by Mark Elliott and Wil Klass was an idiosyncratic book of the 1990s which developed a minor cult following amongst backpackers in Asia and the former Soviet Union .
Crooked Zebra is a 2004 novel by former University of Texas college basketball coach Bob Weltlich .
The Loving Spirit was the first novel of Daphne du Maurier and was published in 1931 by William Heinemann .
The Glorious Cause is a historical novel by author Jeff Shaara , a sequel to Rise to Rebellion and the conclusion to Shaara 's retelling of the American Revolution .
Dubin 's Lives is the seventh published novel by the American writer Bernard Malamud .
Back Story is a crime novel by Robert B. Parker , the 30th novel in his Spenser series .
All Time Top 1000 Albums is a book by Colin Larkin , creator and editor of the Encyclopedia of Popular Music .
Age of Science ( 2005 ) is a book about the relationship between Islam and science in Age of Science by author and Egyptian - American scientist , and the winner of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Chemistry Ahmed Zewail .
The Sleeping and the Dead is an anthology of Fantasy and Horror stories edited by August Derleth .
The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me is a 1985 children 's book written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake .
Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Barrie Roberts which pits Sherlock Holmes against an anarchist who is bombing trains .
Ankare ( lit . Anchors ) is the seventh novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren .
Mendel Gdański a short story by Polish poet and short - story writer Maria Konopnicka published for the first time in 1890 in the Przegląd Literacki magazine .
The Dead Sea Scrolls Deception ( 1991 , ISBN 0 - 671 - 73454 - 7 ) is a book by authors Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh .
The Last Fine Time is a 1991 book by American author Verlyn Klinkenborg about a blue collar Polish - American bar in Buffalo , New York , inherited by his father - in - law in 1947 .
The Contortionist 's Handbook is the debut novel by novelist Craig Clevenger .
`` The Man on the Threshold '' ( original Spanish title `` El Hombre en el Umbral '' ) is a short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges .
The Murder Book is a mystery novel by American author Jonathan Kellerman .
Cally 's War is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane , and is part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series .
The Mystery of the Clockwork Sparrow is the debut novel of British children 's author Katherine Woodfine , initially published by Egmont Publishing in June 2015 .
A God Strolling in the Cool of the Evening ( Portuguese : Um Deus Passeando Pela Brisa da Tarde ) is a historical novel by the Portuguese writer Mario de Carvalho , set in the Roman province of Lusitania during the reign of Roman Emperor Commodus .
The Sons of Avalon Saga is a series of Arthurian Legend novels , by American novelist , Dee Marie .
Maybe the Moon is a 1992 novel written by San Francisco novelist Armistead Maupin .
The Original of Laura is the incomplete novel by Vladimir Nabokov , which he was writing at the time of his death in 1977 .
Voice of the Whirlwind is a 1987 cyberpunk science fiction novel by Walter Jon Williams .
The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane is the first novel written by Katherine Howe , published by VOICE , an imprint of Hyperion ( publisher ) .
Flambard 's Confession is an historical novel written by the American author Marilyn Durham .
Goals in the Air is a 1972 children 's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle .
The Rise of Silas Lapham is a realist novel by William Dean Howells published in 1885 .
The White Doe or The Doe in the Woods is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy .
The Stars Look Down is a 1935 novel by A. J. Cronin which chronicles various injustices in an English coal mining community .
Histoire naturelle des poissons is a 22-volume treatment of ichthyology published in 1828 - 1849 by the French savant Georges Cuvier ( 1769 - 1832 ) and his student and successor Achille Valenciennes ( 1794 - 1865 ) .
Girls Forever Brave and True ( also known as Girls No More ) is a 1986 fiction novel written by Caryl Rivers .
Death of a Train is a crime novel by Freeman Wills Crofts , published in 1946 .
Expedition Venus is a juvenile science fiction novel , the fifth in Hugh Walters ' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series .
The Eternal Lover is an Edgar Rice Burroughs fantasy - adventure novel .
Agésilas is a play written by Pierre Corneille and published in 1666 .
Eve 's Ransom is a novel by George Gissing , first published in 1895 as a serialisation in the Illustrated London News .
Archer at Large is an omnibus of Ross Macdonald 's Lew Archer novels , first published by Knopf in 1970 .
Last of the Amazons is a novel by Steven Pressfield that recounts the legend of Theseus and the Amazons , set before the threshold of recorded history , a generation before the Trojan War .
The Man Who Won the War ( 1936 ) is a short story by Robert Buckner .
88 Poems is a book of the collected poetry of author Ernest Hemingway , published in 1979 .
Lords of the Rim is a book written by American historian Sterling Seagrave .
Sister Pelagia is the heroine of a trilogy of mystery novels by Boris Akunin .
Bodyguard of Lies is a 1975 non - fiction book written by Anthony Cave Brown , his first major historical work .
So Vile a Sin is an original novel written by Ben Aaronovitch & Kate Orman and based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
69 Things to Do with a Dead Princess is an experimental novel by the British writer Stewart Home , first published by Canongate in 2002 .
The Root Cellar is a children 's historical novel by Janet Lunn that is set in the 1980s , although much of the action takes place in the 1860s .
The Grand Wheel is the eighth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley .
Until I Find You ( 2005 ) is the 11th published novel by John Irving .
The Metamorphoses of Apuleius -- which St. Augustine referred to as The Golden Ass ( Asinus aureus ) -- is the only Ancient Roman novel in Latin to survive in its entirety .
Super - Cannes is a novel by the British author J. G. Ballard , published in 2000 .
A New Era of Thought is a non - fiction work written by Charles Howard Hinton , was published in 1888 and reprinted in 1900 by Swan Sonnenschein & Co. Ltd. , London .
`` Born of Man and Woman '' is a science fiction short story by American writer Richard Matheson , originally published in 1950 in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction .
The Halfling 's Gem is the third book in The Icewind Dale Trilogy , written by R. A. Salvatore .
Fields , Factories and Workshops : or Industry Combined with Agriculture and Brain Work with Manual Work ( Russian : Поля , фабрики и мастерские ) is a landmark anarchist text by Peter Kropotkin , and arguably one of the most influential and positive statements of the anarchist political philosophy .
Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War also titled Reminiscences of the Cuban Revolutionary War is an autobiographical book by Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara about his experiences during the Cuban Revolution ( 1956 - 1958 ) to overthrow the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista .
`` Lips to Lips '' is a short story written in Russian by Vladimir Nabokov in Berlin in or about 1931 .
The Word of a Gentleman ( 1981 ) ( later retitled Undercut ) was the third of five novels written by Peter Niesewand , the South African journalist who spent 73 days in solitary confinement for his coverage of Ian Smith 's government in Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) .
`` The Reluctant Orchid '' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke , first published in 1956 , and later anthologized in Tales from the White Hart .
Pubis Angelical is a 1979 novel by acclaimed Argentine novelist Manuel Puig .
Dirty Politics , subtitled `` How attack politics is poisoning New Zealand 's political environment '' , is a book by Nicky Hager published in August 2014 .
Polonia sive de situ , populis , moribus , magistratibus et Republica regni Polonici libri duo is a book by Marcin Kromer , first published in Cologne in 1577 in Latin .
Mad Toy ( original title : El juguete rabioso : `` The rabid toy '' ) is the first novel of Argentinean author Roberto Arlt .
Lectures on Aesthetics ( LA ; German : Vorlesungen über die Ästhetik ) is a compilation of notes from university lectures on aesthetics given by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel in Heidelberg in 1818 and in Berlin in 1820/21 , 1823 , 1826 and 1828/29 .
Fengsu Tongyi ( Chinese : 風俗通義 ; literally : `` Comprehensive Meaning of Customs and Habits '' ) , also known as Fengsu Tong , is a book written about 195 AD by Ying Shao , who lived during the later Eastern Han period .
`` Letter to a Priest '' ( French : Lettre à un religieux ) is a letter containing thirty - five , `` expressions of opinion on matters concerning Catholic faith , dogma and institutions '' , by the French religious and social philosopher and mystic Simone Weil .
The 3rd edition Draconomicon was designed by Andy Collins , Skip Williams , and James Wyatt , and published in November 2003 .
Montana 1948 is a 1993 novella by Larry Watson .
Attack of the Mutant Underwear is a 2003 novel by children 's author Tom Birdseye .
How to Take Possession of the Blessing is a 1987 book written by Romildo Ribeiro Soares .
Salem Falls is a 2001 novel by Jodi Picoult about what happens to a person when he is given a label and not allowed to escape it .
With Fire and Sword ( Polish : Ogniem i mieczem ) is a historical novel by the Polish author Henryk Sienkiewicz , published in 1884 .
The Lesson of the Master is a novella written by Henry James , originally published in 1888 .
Killing Aurora is a novel by Helen Barnes about a girl with anorexia .
The Gun Seller ( 1996 ) is the first novel by English actor , musician , comedian , and writer Hugh Laurie .
Encyclopedia of American Religions , renamed Melton 's Encyclopedia of American Religions in the eighth edition , is a reference book by J. Gordon Melton first published in 1978 , by Consortium Books , A McGrath publishing company .
Starship Troupers is a science fiction series of novels by American author Christopher Stasheff .
Night Chills is a suspense novel by best - selling author Dean Koontz originally published in 1976 .
Peveril of the Peak ( 1823 ) is the longest novel by Sir Walter Scott .
`` Falling Onto Mars '' is a science fiction short story written in 2002 by Geoffrey A. Landis .
A Grave Talent ( 1993 ) is the first book in Laurie R. King 's Kate Martinelli series .
A Thousand Lies is a novel by British crime writer Laura Wilson , first published in 2006 .
Coelebs in Search of a Wife ( 1809 ) is a novel by the British Christian moralist Hannah More .
Sylvia 's Lovers ( 1863 ) is a novel written by Elizabeth Gaskell , which she called `` the saddest story I ever wrote '' .
The Devil 's Dictionary is a satirical dictionary written by American journalist and author Ambrose Bierce .
The Cageworld series is a science fiction series by Colin Kapp which takes place in a distant future where humanity lives on nested Dyson spheres .
Sandworms of Dune is the second of two novels written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson to conclude Frank Herbert 's original Dune series of novels based on notes left behind by Frank Herbert for Dune 7 , his own planned seventh novel in the Dune series .
Anne of the Island is the third book in the Anne of Green Gables series , written by Lucy Maud Montgomery about Anne Shirley .
Blood 's a Rover is a 2009 crime fiction novel by American author James Ellroy .
A Drunken Dream and Other Stories is a Japanese manga anthology written and illustrated by Moto Hagio , collecting a variety of her short stories originally from 1970 - -2007 .
Platero is a little donkey , main character of Platero y yo ( Spanish for Platero and I ) , one of Juan Ramón Jiménez 's most popular works .
Grantville Gazette II is the third collaborative anthology published in print set in the 1632-verse shared universe in what is best regarded as a canonical sub - series of the popular alternate history that began with the February 2000 publication of the hardcover novel 1632 by author - historian Eric Flint .
The Clayhanger Family is a series of novels by Arnold Bennett , published between 1910 and 1918 .
Rabble Starkey ( 1987 ) is a novel by Lois Lowry .
El licenciado Vidriera ( `` The Lawyer of Glass '' ) is a short story written by Miguel de Cervantes and included in his Novelas ejemplares , first published in 1613 .
Mookajjiya Kanasugalu ( English : Dreams of Mookajji ) is a 1968 Kannada epic novel written by K. Shivaram Karanth .
Welcome to Our Hillbrow , is a novel by South African novelist Phaswane Mpe which deals with issues of xenophobia , AIDS , tradition , and inner city status in the Hillbrow neighborhood of post - apartheid Johannesburg .
Young Hearts Crying is the penultimate novel of American writer Richard Yates .
Epitaph for George Dillon is an early John Osborne play , one of two he wrote in collaboration with Anthony Creighton ( the other is Personal Enemy ) .
Tales of the Crusaders is a series of two historical novels by Sir Walter Scott released in 1825 :
The Killings at Badger 's Drift ( 1987 ) is a mystery novel by English writer Caroline Graham , the first in her Chief Inspector Barnaby series .
Commentarii de Bello Civili ( Commentaries on the Civil War ) , or Bellum Civile , is an account written by Julius Caesar of his war against Gnaeus Pompeius and the Senate .
The Dragon Lord is a historical fantasy or sword and sorcery novel by American writer David Drake .
The Last Sin Eater is a 1998 Christian book by the American author Francine Rivers .
Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness / Spirituality for Use in Health Research is a report , originally published in 1999 , by a Fetzer Institute / National Institute on Aging working group on the measurement of religion and spirituality .
The Bellmaker is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques , published in 1994 .
Lemonade Mouth is a young adult novel by Mark Peter Hughes , published in 2007 by Delacorte Press .
Mengele Zoo is a novel from 1989 by the Norwegian author Gert Nygårdshaug .
The Brotherhood of Fear is a 1952 political novel by Robert Ardrey .
Starswarm is a 1998 science fiction novel by Jerry Pournelle .
The New Journalism is a 1973 anthology of journalism edited by Tom Wolfe and E. W. Johnson .
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ ( original title : O Evangelho Segundo Jesus Cristo , 1991 ) is a novel by the Portuguese author José Saramago .
The Aesthetics of Resistance ( German : Die Ästhetik des Widerstands , 1975 - 1981 ) is a three - volume novel by the German - born playwright , novelist , filmmaker , and painter Peter Weiss .
Melmoth the Wanderer is an 1820 Gothic novel by Irish playwright , novelist and clergyman Charles Maturin .
Driftless a winner of the Milkweed Editions National Fiction Prize , is a novel by David Rhodes that was published in 2008 .
The Bachman Books is a collection of short novels by Stephen King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman between 1977 and 1982 .
First Lord 's Fury is a 2009 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher .
The Stars Are Ours ! is a 1954 science fiction novel written by Andre Norton .
The Enemies of Jupiter is a children 's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence published on 6 November 2003 by Orion Books .
Ravelstein is Saul Bellow 's final novel .
Aunt Jane 's Nieces and Uncle John is a young - adult novel written by L. Frank Baum , famous as the creator of the Land of Oz . It is the sixth volume in the ten - book series Aunt Jane 's Nieces , Baum 's greatest commercial success after the Oz books themselves .
A Tale of Time City was first published in 1987 by British author Diana Wynne Jones .
Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me ( Spanish : Mañana en la batalla piensa en mí ) by Javier Marías was first published in 1994 .
What Did the Biblical Writers Know and When Did They Know It ? is a book by biblical scholar and archaeologist William G. Dever detailing his response to the claims of minimalists to the historicity and value of the Hebrew Bible .
Beowulf and the Critics by J. R. R. Tolkien is a book edited by Michael D. C. Drout that presents scholarly editions of the two manuscript versions of Tolkien 's essays or lecture series `` Beowulf and the Critics '' , which served as the basis for the much shorter 1936 lecture `` Beowulf :
Etymologiae ( Latin for `` The Etymologies '' ) , also known as the Origines ( `` Origins '' ) and usually abbreviated Orig . , is an etymological encyclopedia compiled by Isidore of Seville ( c. 560 - -636 ) towards the end of his life .
Duncton Wood is the title of the first novel by author William Horwood , as well as a six - volume fantasy series to which it was later extended .
C Primer Plus ( currently in the 6th Edition ) is a book by Stephen Prata meant for beginners to the C programming language .
Ghostgirl is the debut novel from author and filmmaker Tonya Hurley .
The Kidnapping of Kensington is a children 's novel by Richard Hough under the pen name of Bruce Carter .
Cloud of Sparrows ( 2002 ) is the first historic novel by author Takashi Matsuoka featuring the struggle of Genji , the young Great Lord of Akaoka , in the year 1861 .
Gaston de Blondeville is a Gothic novel by noted English author Ann Radcliffe , published posthumously in 1826 , three years after Radcliffe 's death .
The Case of Lady Sannox is a short story by Sir Arthur Conan - Doyle that features an arrogant surgeon , Douglas Stone , who is in love with the married Lady Sannox , one of the most beautiful women in London .
Men Are from Mars , Women Are from Venus ( 1993 ) is a book written by an American author and relationship counselor John Gray .
The False Inspector Dew is a humorous crime novel by Peter Lovesey .
The King 's Curse is a 2014 historical novel by Philippa Gregory , part of her series The Cousins ' War .
The Basic Eight is the debut novel by author Daniel Handler published in 1998 .
Le Père de famille ( English : The Father of the family ) is a 1758 play by Denis Diderot .
The Sex Magicians is the first novel by Robert Anton Wilson , released in 1973 .
Darkness Under the Sun is a 2010 novella by Dean Koontz which is related to and appeared in print as part of What the Night Knows .
`` Of Missing Persons '' is a 1955 science fiction short story by Jack Finney , which describes a burned - out bank teller named Charley Ewell living in 1955 New York City who receives a chance to emigrate from Earth to Verna , a lush , earthlike planet light - years away .
Love , Loss , and What I Wore is a play written by Nora and Delia Ephron based on the 1995 book of the same name by Ilene Beckerman .
The Mask of Loki ( 1990 ) is an epic science fiction / fantasy novel by Roger Zelazny and Thomas T. Thomas , detailing a centuries long struggle between the avatars of Loki and Ahriman .
Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains is the critically acclaimed first novel by English author Susan Elderkin published by Fourth Estate , It won a Betty Trask Award in 2000 .
Sofia Petrovna is a novella by Russian author Lydia Chukovskaya , written in the late 1930s in the Soviet Union .
Berömda män som varit i Sunne ( lit . Famous Men Who Have Visited Sunne ) is a 1998 novel by Swedish author Göran Tunström about Sunne .
The Last and the First is Ivy Compton - Burnett 's posthumous novel , published in 1971 , two years after her death .
Skybowl is a 1994 fantasy novel written by author Melanie Rawn .
The Fox and the Grapes is one of the Aesop 's fables , numbered 15 in the Perry Index .
Lyra 's Oxford is a short book by Philip Pullman depicting an episode involving the heroine of His Dark Materials , Pullman 's best - selling trilogy .
Pride of Baghdad is a graphic novel written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Niko Henrichon released by DC Comics ' Vertigo imprint on September 13 , 2006 .
Under the Frog is British - born Hungarian writer Tibor Fischer 's debut novel , it was published in 1992 .
The Tough Guide To Fantasyland is a nonfiction book by the British author Diana Wynne Jones that humorously examines the common tropes of a broad swathe of fantasy fiction .
Children of Dune is a 1976 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert , the third in his Dune series of six novels .
The Cruelest Month , by Louise Penny , is the third novel in the Three Pines Mysteries series , which feature Inspector Armand Gamache .
A Prisoner of Birth is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer , first published on 6 March 2008 by Macmillan .
Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver ( original title : Jim Knopf und Lukas der Lokomotivführer ) is a German children 's novel written by Michael Ende .
Knight Life ( ISBN 0 - 441 - 01077 - 6 ) , is an Arthurian fantasy novel by Peter David .
Stuck in Fast Forward , also known as The Hunger of Time in an expanded edition , is a 1999 young - adult science fiction novel by Damien Broderick & Rory Barnes .
His at Night is a historical romance by Sherry Thomas .
A Protégée of the Mistress ( Vospitannitsa , Воспитанница ; also , The Ward Girl ) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky , first published in the No.1 , January 1859 issue of Biblioteka Dlya Chteniya .
Heirs of Empire is a 1996 military science fiction novel by David Weber .
Runemarks is a 2007 fantasy novel by Joanne Harris .
Mr Noon is an unfinished novel by the English writer , D. H. Lawrence .
Swastika Night is a futuristic novel by Katharine Burdekin , writing under the pseudonym Murray Constantine , first published in 1937 .
Tribes of Redwall Otters was published in 2002 as an accessory to the Redwall series by Brian Jacques .
Hope for the Flowers is an allegorical novel by Trina Paulus .
Biloxi Blues is a semi - autobiographical play by Neil Simon .
Dandelion Fire is a 2009 children 's fantasy novel by N. D. Wilson .
Written by the Dutch philosopher Baruch Spinoza , the Tractatus Theologico - Politicus or Theologico - Political Treatise was one of the most controversial texts of the early modern period .
Exploding Head is the second album from the noise rock band A Place to Bury Strangers .
The Angel 's Game ( El juego del ángel , 2008 ) is a prequel to 2001 's The Shadow of the Wind by Spanish author Carlos Ruiz Zafón .
Joey Pigza Loses Control , is a Newbery Honor book by Jack Gantos and is the sequel to Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key .
M or F ? is a 2005 novel for young adults co - written by Lisa Papademetriou and Chris Tebbetts .
A Mouthful of Birds is a 1986 play with dance by Caryl Churchill and David Lan , with choreography by Ian Spink .
The Trials of Rumpole is a collection of short stories by John Mortimer adapted from scripts for his TV series about Horace Rumpole .
Anna Mercury is a comic book limited series created by Warren Ellis , published by Avatar Press , with art by Facundo Percio .
The Third Option is Vince Flynn 's third novel , and the 2nd to feature Mitch Rapp , an American agent that works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counterterrorism unit called the `` Orion Team . ''
Sleepwalking Land ( in Portuguese : Terra Sonâmbula ) is a novel written by Mia Couto , a Mozambican writer , first published in Portuguese in 1992 and translated into English by David Brookshaw in 2006 .
Places I Never Meant to Be is a book edited by Judy Blume and first published in 1999 .
Death of a Red Heroine is a mystery novel written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in English in the year 2000 .
The Turner Diaries is a 1978 novel by William Luther Pierce ( founder of the white nationalist organization National Alliance ) , published under the pseudonym `` Andrew Macdonald '' .
Vienna Prelude is the first book of the Zion Covenant historical fiction series by Bodie and Brock Thoene .
The Yemassee : a romance of Carolina is an 1835 novel by William Gilmore Simms that was a popular bestseller of its time , and Simms ' best known novel .
The Counterfeit Man is a collection of science fiction short stories by Alan E. Nourse , published in 1963 by David McKay .
Stranger with My Face is a young - adult horror novel by Lois Duncan , first published in 1981 .
L'Esclusa ( Italian pronunciation : ( leˈskluːza ) ) ( English : The Excluded Woman ) was Luigi Pirandello 's first novel .
Through Black Spruce is a novel by Canadian writer Joseph Boyden , published in 2008 by Viking Press .
The Best of Science Fiction , published in 1946 , is the first of more than forty science fiction anthologies edited by Groff Conklin .
Medieval Children is a book on the history of childhood written by English historian Nicholas Orme in 2001 .
A Conspiracy of Friends is the third online novel by Alexander McCall Smith , author of the The No . 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency series .
`` On Exactitude in Science '' or `` On Rigor in Science '' ( the original Spanish - language title is `` Del rigor en la ciencia '' ) is a one - paragraph short story by Jorge Luis Borges , about the map - territory relation , written in the form of a literary forgery .
Leaving Fishers ( 1997 ) is a young adult novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix centering on a high school girl , Dorry Stevens , and her descent into and escape from a cult called The Fishers of Men .
Manituana is a novel by Wu Ming first published in Italian in 2007 .
The original Arms and Equipment Guide was designed by Grant Boucher , Troy Christensen , Jon Pickens , John Terra , and Scott Davis .
The Demon Breed is a 1968 science fiction novel by James H. Schmitz , originally serialized in Analog in a shorter form as `` The Tuvela '' .
The Inheritance of Loss is the second novel by Indian author Kiran Desai .
Bats at the Beach is a NY Times bestselling picture book by Brian Lies .
Monster Love is the debut novel of English author Carol Topolski , published in 2008 by Fig Tree , an imprint of Penguin and was nominated for the Orange Prize for Fiction .
Neonomicon is a four - issue comic book limited series written by Alan Moore and illustrated by Jacen Burrows , published by American company Avatar Press in 2010 .
Finity 's End is a science fiction novel written by the American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh .
Prefaces ( Danish : Forord ) is a book by Søren Kierkegaard published under the pseudonym Nicolaus Notabene .
Land of Unlikeness , Robert Lowell 's first book of poetry , was published in 1944 in a limited edition of two hundred and fifty copies by Harry Duncan at the Cummington Press .
Mr. Munchausen is a novel by John Kendrick Bangs , written in the style that has become known as Bangsian fantasy as well as being one of the main inspirations of a style known as Equestria Fantasy .
Child of Fortune is a 1985 science fiction novel by the American author Norman Spinrad .
King Solomon 's Carpet ( 1991 ) is a novel by Barbara Vine , pseudonym of Ruth Rendell .
Bring Up the Bodies is a historical novel by Hilary Mantel and sequel to her award - winning Wolf Hall .
Agent of Vega is a science fiction novel by James H. Schmitz , 1960 .
The Art of the Faker is an influential 1959 book on art forgery by Frank Arnau .
The Two - Bear Mambo is a suspense\crime novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
The Philebus ( /fɪˈliːbəs/ ; occasionally given as Philebos ; Greek : Φίληβος ) , is one of the surviving Socratic dialogues written in the 4th century BC by the ancient Greek philosopher Plato .
The School of Fear is the fifth novel by Jude Watson in the Star Wars Jedi Quest book series .
Methoden der mathematischen Physik ( Methods of Mathematical Physics ) is a 1924 book , in two volumes totalling around 1000 pages , published under the names of David Hilbert and Richard Courant .
Of True Religion , Heresy , Schism , Toleration ; and what best means may be used against the Growth of Popery is the title of a polemical tract against the popery of the Roman Catholic Church written by John Milton which was published in London in 1673 .
The Golden Book of Springfield is a mystic , utopian book by American poet Vachel Lindsay .
Darwin 's Radio is a 1999 science fiction novel by Greg Bear .
Neviditelný ( Jaroslav Havlíček ) is a Czech novel by Jaroslav Havlíček .
La Légende des siècles ( The Legend of the Ages ) is a collection of poems by Victor Hugo , conceived as an immense depiction of the history and evolution of humanity .
Vanilla Ride is a crime fiction novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale .
Venture to the Moon is a group of six linked science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke .
A Kind of Anger is a novel by British thriller writer Eric Ambler , first published in 1964 .
Beyond Doubt is a science fiction story written by Robert A. Heinlein , originally printed in Astonishing Stories in April 1941 under the pen name `` Lyle Monroe and Elma Wentz '' .
Jonathan Troy ( 1954 ) was Edward Abbey 's first published novel , as detailed in James M. Cahalan 's biography of Abbey .
Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help is a 2007 young adult novel by Douglas Anthony Cooper and is his first book in the genre .
`` The Commuter '' is a science - fiction short story by American writer Philip K. Dick .
The Keeping Place is a science fiction novel by Isobelle Carmody , set in a post apocalyptic world .
The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth Beorhthelm 's Son is the title of a work by J. R. R. Tolkien that was originally published in 1953 in volume 6 of the scholarly journal Essays and Studies by Members of the English Association , and later republished in 1966 in The Tolkien Reader .
The Cat 's Table is a novel by Canadian author Michael Ondaatje first published in 2011 .
Diary of a Wombat is a 2002 award - winning picture book written by Jackie French and illustrated by Bruce Whatley .
The Ramsay Scallop is a young adult historical romance written by Frances Temple .
The Falling Woman is a 1986 contemporary psychological fantasy novel by Pat Murphy .
The Candlemass Road is a historical novel from George MacDonald Fraser set in the time of the Border Reivers , a period Fraser had earlier written about in The Steel Bonnets .
Os Bruzundangas ( English : The Bruzundangas ) is a short story book written by Brazilian writer Lima Barreto .
Orion You Came and You Took All My Marbles is a 2010 mystery novel by Kira Henehan .
100 Greatest African Americans is a biographical dictionary of the one hundred historically greatest Black Americans ( in no particular order ; that is , they are not ranked ) , as assessed by Molefi Kete Asante in 2002 .
Hozuki 's Coolheadedness , originally known as Hōzuki no Reitetsu ( Japanese : 鬼灯の冷徹 ) , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Natsumi Eguchi .
Paintings of Abanindranath Tagore is a book on Abanindranath Tagore 's paintings by art historian R. Siva Kumar .
The Canticle of the Sun , also known as the Canticle of the Creatures or Laudes Creaturarum ( Praise of the Creatures ) , is a religious song composed by Saint Francis of Assisi .
The Ghost House is the fourth audio story in a series of ten audiobooks , written by Stephen Cole and is a spin - off from the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures , itself a spin - off from Doctor Who .
The Dogs of Babel ( also known as Lorelei 's Secret in the UK ) is the debut novel of Carolyn Parkhurst .
The Godwhale is a science fiction novel by American novelist T. J. Bass , first published in 1974 .
A Legacy is a semi - autobiographical novel by Sybille Bedford first published in 1956 .
Dorian , an Imitation is a British novel by Will Self .
The Night Manager is an espionage / detective novel by John le Carré , published in 1993 .
Eleven Blue Men , and Other Narratives of Medical Detection is an award winning collection of twelve true short stories written by Berton Roueché and published in 1953 .
People of the Deer ( published in 1952 , revised in 1975 ) is Canadian author Farley Mowat 's first book , and brought him literary recognition .
The Bone Bed is novel by Patricia Cornwell .
No Crystal Stair is a novel , published in 1997 , by Canadian author Mairuth Sarsfield .
The Book of Salt is Vietnamese - American author Monique Truong 's first novel ; it presents a narrative through the eyes of Bình , a Vietnamese cook .
De Tranquillitate Animi ( On the tranquility of the mind ) is a Latin work by Seneca ( 4 BC--65 AD ) .
Common Grounds is a six - issue comic book limited series created by writer Troy Hickman and published by Top Cow Productions in 2004 .
The Seven Storey Mountain is the 1948 autobiography of Thomas Merton , a Trappist monk and a noted author of the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s .
The Shockwave Rider is a science fiction novel by John Brunner , originally published in 1975 .
Stand on Zanzibar is a dystopian New Wave science fiction novel written by John Brunner and first published in 1968 .
Boy Kills Man is 2004 novel by British novelist Matt Whyman about child assassins in Medellin , Colombia .
The Vikings at Helgeland ( Hærmændene paa Helgeland ) is Henrik Ibsen 's seventh play .
Un fil à la patte ( known in English as Cat Among the Pigeons or Love on the Rack ) is a French bedroom farce in three acts written by Georges Feydeau .
Blinky Bill is an anthropomorphic koala and children 's fictional character created by author and illustrator Dorothy Wall .
The Sign in Sidney Brustein 's Window is the second and last staged play by playwright Lorraine Hansberry , author of A Raisin in the Sun . The play is a story about a man named Sidney , his pitfalls within his personal life , and struggles in Bohemian culture .
The Moon by Night ( ISBN 0 - 374 - 35049 - 3 ) is the title of a young adult novel by Madeleine L'Engle .
The Threat Within by Jude Watson is the eighteenth and final book in the Jedi Apprentice series of young reader novels .
My Life in France is an autobiography by Julia Child , published in 2006 .
The Hunger and Other Stories is the first collection of short stories by Charles Beaumont , published in April 1957 .
Act Without Words I is a short play by Samuel Beckett .
These Happy Golden Years is an autobiographical children 's novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1943 , the eight of nine books in her Little House series -- although it originally ended the series .
Eclogue 4 , also known as the Fourth Eclogue is the name of a Latin poem by the Roman poet Virgil .
Heroes and Horrors is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by Fritz Leiber , edited by Stuart David Schiff and illustrated by Tim Kirk .
The Runaway Sleigh Ride ! ( Swedish : Titta Madicken , det snöar ! ) is a 1983 Astrid Lindgren children 's book .
The Dead and the Gone is a young adult science fiction dystopian novel by Susan Beth Pfeffer .
Athalie is a 1691 play , the final tragedy of Jean Racine , and has been described as the masterpiece of `` one of the greatest literary artists known '' and the `` ripest work '' of Racine 's genius .
The Road of Dreams is a book of poetry by crime writer Agatha Christie .
The Summer Book ( in the original Swedish Sommarboken ) is a book written by Finnish author Tove Jansson in 1972 .
On the Shore of the Wide World is a play by English playwright Simon Stephens .
An Early Martyr and Other Poems is a book of poetry by the American poet William Carlos Williams .
Wayne of Gotham is a novel by Tracy Hickman and is about the fictional superhero Batman .
`` De Daumier - Smith 's Blue Period '' is a short story by J. D. Salinger , first published in the British journal Information World Review in 1952 .
Zak 's Lunch is a book written by Margie Palatini and Illustrated by Howard Fine .
Jungle Tales of Tarzan is a collection of twelve loosely connected short stories written by Edgar Rice Burroughs , comprising the sixth book in order of publication in his series about the title character Tarzan .
Solomon 's Song is the final novel in the Australian Trilogy by author Bryce Courtenay .
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex * ( * But Were Afraid to Ask ) is a book ( 1969 , updated 1999 ) by U.S. physician David Reuben .
`` The Library of Babel '' ( Spanish : La biblioteca de Babel ) is a short story by Argentine author and librarian Jorge Luis Borges ( 1899 - -1986 ) , conceiving of a universe in the form of a vast library containing all possible 410-page books of a certain format and character set .
The Tao of Programming is a book written in 1987 by Geoffrey James .
The Bride of Lammermoor is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott , published in 1819 .
The Psychology of Self - Esteem is a book by Nathaniel Branden , first published in 1969 .
At All Costs is American author David Weber 's eleventh Honor Harrington novel , first published in 2005 .
Lakota Woman is a memoir by Mary Brave Bird , formerly Mary Crow Dog , a Sicangu Lakota .
Orpheus with Clay Feet is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick originally published in 1964 in Escapade magazine .
The Confessions of Nat Turner is a 1967 Pulitzer Prize - winning novel by U.S. writer William Styron .
Rosshalde is a short novel by the German author Hermann Hesse .
Paths of Darkness is the New York Times best - selling series of novels chronicling adventures of the renegade drow elf character Drizzt Do'Urden written by R. A. Salvatore .
Beyond Reach is the sixth novel in the Grant County series by Karin Slaughter , originally published in 2007 .
`` The Black Stone '' is a classic short story by Robert E. Howard , first published in the November 1931 issue of Weird Tales .
`` Autofac '' is a 1955 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick that features one of the earliest treatments ( and Dick 's second ) of self - replicating machines .
Asphodel , That Greeny Flower is a poem by American poet William Carlos Williams .
The Time of the Ghost is a supernatural English - language children 's novel by Diana Wynne Jones , published by Macmillan in 1981 .
The Mote in God 's Eye is a science fiction novel by American writers Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle , first published in 1974 .
Power Without Glory is a 1950 novel written by Australian writer Frank Hardy .
Ecce and Old Earth is a 1991 science fiction novel by Jack Vance , the middle novel in the Cadwal Chronicles trilogy , set in Vance 's Gaean Reach .
A Married Man 's Story is an unfinished 1923 short story by Katherine Mansfield .
The Zendian problem was an exercise in communication intelligence operations ( mainly traffic analysis and cryptanalysis ) devised by Lambros D. Callimahos as part of an advanced course , CA-400 , that Callimahos taught to National Security Agency cryptanalysts starting in the 1950s .
Frontline Combat was an anthology war comic book written and edited by Harvey Kurtzman and published bi - monthly by EC Comics .
The Robert E. Howard Reader is a collection of essays on fantasy writer Robert E. Howard and his works , edited by Darrell Schweitzer .
Abkari is a 1988 Malayalam movie starring Mammootty and Ratheesh in the title roles .
Khullam Khulla Pyaar Karen ( Hindi : खुल्लम खुल्ला प्यार करें , Urdu : کھلم کھلا پیار کریں ) is a Bollywood movie starring Govinda and Preity Zinta .
Pest from the West is the first short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures .
Girls of the Big House is a 1945 American drama film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Lynne Roberts , Virginia Christine and Marion Martin .
Midnight Garage ( simplified Chinese : 三更车库 ; traditional Chinese : 三更車庫 ; pinyin : Sāngēng Chēkù ) is a 2015 Chinese horror film directed and written by Zhou Yaowu and starring Alex Fong , Yoon So - yi and Gordon Lam .
They Still Call Me Bruce is a 1987 comedy action film starring Johnny Yune .
Fatty and Mabel at the San Diego Exposition is a 1915 American silent black - and - white short comedy film , directed by Fatty Arbuckle and starring Arbuckle and Mabel Normand .
Life Without George was a BBC comedy series written by Penny Croft and Val Hudson and starring Simon Cadell and Carol Royle , centred on a young woman 's struggle to adapt to life after being left by her partner ( the titular George ) .
Hiroshima mon amour concerns a series of conversations ( or one enormous conversation ) over a 36-hour long period between a French actress ( Emmanuelle Riva ) , referred to as Her , and a Japanese architect ( Eiji Okada ) , referred to as Him .
Flavor of Love is an American satire reality television dating game show starring Flavor Flav of the rap group Public Enemy .
Hired Wife is a 1940 romantic comedy film starring Rosalind Russell and Brian Aherne .
Farewell Performance is a 1963 British crime film directed by Robert Tronson and starring David Kernan , Frederick Jaeger and Delphi Lawrence .
The Far Paradise is a 1928 Australian silent film directed by Paulette McDonagh and starring Marie Lorraine the stage name of Isabel McDonagh .
Thaayillamal Naan Illai ( Tamil : தாய் இல்லாமல் நான் இல்லை ; English : I can not live without my mother ) is a 1979 Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan , Sridevi , Major Sundarrajan and Jaiganesh in the lead roles with Rajnikanth and Nagesh in guest roles .
I Was a Communist for the FBI is a 1951 American film noir drama directed by Gordon Douglas , and featuring Frank Lovejoy , Dorothy Hart , Philip Carey , and James Millican .
Battling with Buffalo Bill is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western serial film directed by Ray Taylor and starring Tom Tyler , Lucile Browne , William Desmond , Rex Bell , and Francis Ford .
The Affairs of Annabel is a 1938 comedy starring Lucille Ball and Jack Oakie .
Saxondale is a British television situation comedy programme , starring Steve Coogan and co - written by Steve Coogan and Neil Maclennan .
Sibs starred veteran actress Marsha Mason as Nora Ruscio , a successful accountant and Alex Rocco as her long - suffering husband , Howie .
The Criminal is a 1960 British drama film produced by Nat Cohen and directed by Joseph Losey , starring Stanley Baker , Sam Wanamaker and Jill Bennett .
However , after failing in the pursuit of a group of drug dealers led by Ghost ( Peter Stormare ) , Deputy Chief Hardy ( Nick Offerman ) puts the duo back on the program to work for Captain Dickson ( Ice Cube ) -- now located across the street at 22 Jump Street .
Lay That Rifle Down is a 1955 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Judy Canova , Robert Lowery and Jil Jarmyn .
Something for Everyone is a black comedy starring Angela Lansbury , Michael York , Anthony Higgins , and Jane Carr .
Robert Edeson - John Burton , The Paymaster 's Son Charles K. French - Silas Burton , The Paymaster Robert Stanton - Colonel Randall Ann Little - Ethel Burton , The Paymaster 's Daughter ( * Anna Little ) J. Barney Sherry - Richard Randall , Colonel 's son Jane Grey - Nick Cogley - Charles Edler -
Mizhi Randilum ( English : In both Eyes ) is a 2003 Malayalam film written and directed by Ranjith , starring Kavya Madhavan , Indrajith , Jagathy Sreekumar , Sukumari , and Revathi .
Irreconcilable Differences is a 1984 comedy - drama film starring Ryan O'Neal , Shelley Long , and Drew Barrymore .
Music and Money ( Spanish : Música y dinero ) is a 1958 Mexican musical comedy film directed by Rafael Portillo and starring Tito Guízar , Luis Aguilar and Pedro Vargas .
Dorothy Dandridge as Aiché , Reiker 's mistress Curd Jürgens as Captain John Reiker Jean Servais as Doctor Corot Alex Cressan as Tamango Roger Hanin as 1st Mate Bebe Guy Mairesse as Werner Clément Harari as Cook Doudou Babet as Chadi Habib Benglia as Le chef noir Pierre Rosso as the diving sailor
Knighty Knight Bugs is a 1958 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Friz Freleng , produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons and released by Warner Bros. Mel Blanc provided for the voices of all the characters in this cartoon .
Tarzan and the Jungle Boy ( 1968 ) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his third and final outing as Tarzan .
The Gnome - Mobile was both Matthew Garber and Ed Wynn 's last movie role .
Lo smemorato di Collegno ( Italian for `` The Collegno amnesiac '' ) is a 1962 commedia all'italiana film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
Still Breathing is a 1998 drama feature film starring Brendan Fraser and Joanna Going .
A few critics were disappointed in the film , including the Village Voice 's J. Hoberman , who wrote : `` Overwrought as The Departed may be , it 's nothing that would n't have been cured by losing Jack ( Nicholson ) ( and maybe half an hour ) .
Thaai Magalukku Kattiya Thaali ( Tamil : தாய் மகளுக்கு கட்டிய தாலி ) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran , Jamuna and P. Kannamba in the lead roles and directed by R. R. Chandiran who also was a well known cinematographer in his time .
Carmen 's Kiss is a thriller film starring Hugo Speer , Vivienne Harvey and Bruce Payne . The film is an adaptation of the Georges Bizet opera Carmen .
Denis Moschitto as Chiko Moritz Bleibtreu as Brownie Volkan Özcan as Tibet Fahri Ogün Yardım as Curly Reyhan Şahin as Meryem Lilay Huser as Tibets Mutter Philipp Baltus as Scholle Henny Reents as Reji Hans Löw as Sascha Simon Goerts as Jimmi
Venice / Venice is an American film starring Henry Jaglom , Nelly Alard , Melissa Leo , Suzanne Bertish , Daphna Kastner , David Duchovny , John Landis and written and directed by Henry Jaglom .
The Mothers - in - Law is an American sitcom starring Eve Arden and Kaye Ballard as two matriarchs who were friends and next - door neighbors whose children 's elopement made them in - laws .
Lady Cop & Papa Crook ( Chinese : 大搜查之女 ; pinyin : Da sou zha zhi nu ; Cantonese Yale : Daai sau cha ji neui ) is a 2008 Hong Kong crime film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong , and starring Sammi Cheng and Eason Chan .
Nirvana Street Murder is a 1990 Australian comedy film , written and directed by Aleksi Vellis , starring Mark Little , Ben Mendelsohn and Mary Coustas .
No eres tú , soy yo ( English : It 's not you , it 's me ) is a 2010 Mexican romantic comedy directed by Alejandro Springall starring Eugenio Derbez , Alejandra Barros and Martina García and based on the Argentinean film No sos vos , soy yo ( 2004 ) , written by Juan Taratuto .
Animal Hospital is a television show starring Australian entertainer Rolf Harris that ran on the BBC from 1994 until 2004 .
The Borgia Stick is a 1967 American TV film starring Don Murray and Inger Stevens .
Finding Bliss explores the pornographic film industry through the eyes of an idealistic 24-year - old film school grad , Jody Balaban ( played by Leelee Sobieski ) .
UnCivil Liberties is a 2006 film directed by Thomas Mercer starring Glenn Allen and Tony Grocki .
The Railroad ( Hangul : 경의선 ; RR : Gyeongui - seon ) is a 2006 South Korean film starring Kim Kang - woo and Son Tae - young .
Terminal Error is a 2002 science fiction thriller starring Michael Nouri , Marina Sirtis , Matthew Ewald and Timothy Busfield .
Saving Silverman is a 2001 comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and starring Jason Biggs , Steve Zahn , Jack Black and Amanda Peet .
Valentín makes plans on how to get her to see Dr. Galaburri ( Carlos Roffé ) .
Anna Alt or Soloist Anna Alt ( German : Solistin Anna Alt ) is a 1945 German drama film directed by Werner Klingler and starring Anneliese Uhlig , Will Quadflieg and Emil Lohkamp .
Devil Dog Dawson is a 1921 silent film American western directed by Karl R. Coolidge and starring Jack Hoxie , Helene Rosson and Evelyn Selbie .
My Babysitter 's a Vampire is a Canadian vampire adventure comedy horror television film starring Vanessa Morgan and Matthew Knight .
The Strength of Donald McKenzie is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by and starring William Russell and Jack Prescott .
Her Husband 's Friend is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo starring Enid Bennett .
Neither Blood nor Sand ( Spanish : Ni sangre , ni arena ) is a 1941 Mexican comedy film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Cantinflas , Susana Guízar and Elvia Salcedo .
Trouble in the Glen is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Margaret Lockwood , Orson Welles and Forrest Tucker .
Pankh is a 2010 Bollywood film written and directed by Sudipto Chattopadhyaya and starring Bipasha Basu , Lilette Dubey , Mahesh Manjrekar , Ronit Roy , Sanjeeda Sheikh and newcomers Maradona Rebello and Amit Purohit .
Heaven 's Burning is a 1997 Australian crime film starring Russell Crowe and directed by Craig Lahiff .
Ljuvlig är sommarnatten ( `` The summer 's night is delightful '' ) is a Swedish film from 1961 , directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Karl - Arne Holmsten , Christina Carlwind , Elisabeth Odén , Per Oscarsson , Folke Sundquist and Sif Ruud .
The Voice of Merrill ( a.k.a . Murder Will Out ) is a 1952 British mystery film , directed by John Gilling and starring Valerie Hobson and James Robertson Justice .
Valentín is friends with his uncle Chiche ( Jean Pierre Noher ) and the piano teacher Rufo who lives across the street ( Mex Urtizberea ) .
Neythukaran is a 2002 Malayalam movie directed by debutant Priyanandanan starring Murali .
The Amorous Prawn or The Amorous Mr. Prawn is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Anthony Kimmins and starring Ian Carmichael , Joan Greenwood and Cecil Parker .
After Five in the Forest Primeval ( German : Nach Fünf i m Urwald ) , sometimes also known as It 's a Jungle Out There , is a 1995 German romantic comedy film directed by Hans - Christian Schmid and starring Franka Potente in her first film role .
Whispering Smith ( 1948 ) is a Western film starring Alan Ladd as a railroad detective assigned to stop a gang of train robbers .
Marie 's father ( Warren , played by Matt Craven ) , a soldier , returns home from Vietnam and decides that Paulie is not helping Marie .
Aag Ka Toofan ( English translation - Storm of Fire ) is 1993 Bollywood film directed by Kanti Mehtra and starring Shashi Kapoor , Dharmendra , Sadashiv Amrapurkar , Govardhan Asrani , Raza Murad , Avtaar Gill , Farheen .
The Marrying Man ( known as Too Hot to Handle in the United Kingdom and Australia ) is an American 1991 romantic comedy film starring Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger .
Balondu Bhavageethe ( Kannada : ಬಾಳೊಂದು ಭಾವಗೀತೆ ) is a 1988 Indian Kannada film , directed by Geethapriya and produced by Geetha Srinath and M. S. Karanth .
When the Gods Played a Badger Game is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney .
Murder Ordained is a television miniseries that originally aired for CBS in 1987 , starring Keith Carradine , JoBeth Williams , and Kathy Bates .
Hello My Dear Wrong Number is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Priyadarshan , written by Sreenivasan , and starring Mohanlal , Manianpilla Raju , Jagathy Sreekumar , Lizy , and Menaka .
That Girl in Yellow Boots is a 2011 Indian thriller film by director Anurag Kashyap , starring Kalki Koechlin and Naseeruddin Shah .
Should Tall Men Marry ? is a 1928 American short silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel .
Los tramposos ( `` The cheaters '' ) is a 1959 Spanish comedy film directed by Pedro Lazaga and starring Tony Leblanc and Antonio Ozores .
The Younger Brothers ( 1949 ) is a Western film directed by Edwin L. Marin , and starring Wayne Morris and Janis Paige .
Sabapathy ( Tamil : சபாபதி ) is a 1941 Tamil comedy film directed and produced by A. V. Meiyappan and A. T. Krishnaswamy , starring T. R. Ramachandran , Kali N. Rathnam , C. T. Rajakantham and K. Sarangapani .
Eradane Maduve is a 2010 Indian Kannada comedy movie directed by Dinesh Baboo starring Ananth Nag , Suhasini Maniratnam , Tara and Jennifer Kotwal in the lead roles .
A Cave Man Wooing is a 1912 American silent comedy starring King Baggot and directed by Otis Turner .
Kanasugara ( Kannada : ಕನಸುಗಾರ ) is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romance - drama film starring V. Ravichandran , Prema and Shashikumar in the lead roles .
Renate in the Quartet ( German : Renate i m Quartett ) is a 1939 German musical comedy film directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Käthe von Nagy , Hans Brausewetter and Gustav Fröhlich .
The Tinted Venus is a 1921 British silent fantasy film directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor , George Dewhurst and Maud Cressall .
The Worldly Madonna is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Harry Garson and starring Clara Kimball Young ( in her last film from Equity ) and William P. Carleton .
Cyborg Cop II is a 1994 action adventure film starring David Bradley , Morgan Hunter , Jill Pierce and Victor Melleney .
The Missing People is a 1940 British , black - and - white , mystery film directed by Jack Raymond and starring Ronald Shiner as Sam Hackett and Will Fyffe as Mr. J. G. Reeder .
A Bittersweet Life ( Hangul : 달콤한 인생 ; RR : Dalkomhan insaeng ; lit . `` The Sweet Life '' ) is a 2005 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Jee - woon and starring Lee Byung - hun .
Naanu Naane is a 2002 movie directed by D. Rajendra Babu starring Upendra and Sakshi Shivanand in leading roles .
En glad gutt ( English : A happy boy ) is a 1932 Norwegian drama film directed by John W. Brunius , starring Hauk Aabel and Gøril Havrevold .
Sa Piling Mo ( lit . With You ) is a love story between both Judy Ann Santos and Piolo Pascual , which aired its pilot episode on February 27 , 2006 and ends on August 25 , 2006 .
A Fishy Story ( Chinese : 不脫襪的人 ; pinyin : Bù tuō wà de rén ) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Anthony Chan and starring Kenny Bee , Maggie Cheung and Anthony Chan .
Stonehenge Apocalypse is a 2010 made - for - TV Canadian science fiction movie starring Misha Collins , Torri Higginson and Peter Wingfield .
Uproar in Damascus ( German : Aufruhr in Damaskus ) is a 1939 German thriller film directed by Gustav Ucicky and starring Brigitte Horney , Joachim Gottschalk and Hans Nielsen .
The System Within is a 2006 film starring Chingy , Taimak , Kim Porter , Bryce Wilson , Tariq Alexander , and Hawthorne James .
The Secret of the Storm Country was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Charles Miller and starring Norma Talmadge ( whose company also produced the film ) .
Dil Hi To Hai is a 1992 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Asrani starring Jackie Shroff and Divya Bharti in the leading roles .
Hi'ya , Chum is a 1943 American musical comedy film starring Jane Frazee .
The Divine Ryans is a 1999 film ( adapted from the 1990 book by the same name ) directed by Stephen Reynolds , written by Wayne Johnston , starring Robert Joy and Pete Postlethwaite .
Warner Oland - Uncle Lew Selkirk Juanita Hansen - Janet Dale Wallace McCutcheon Jr. - Steve Roycroft William Bailey - Bob Royal ( as William Norton Bailey ) Nina Cassavant - Esther , Janet 's Cousin Tom Goodwin - Jeremiah Dale ( as Thomas Goodwin ) Harry Semels - The Phantom Foe Joe Cuny - Andre Renoir Al Franklin Thomas
Linewatch is a 2008 American thriller film starring Cuba Gooding , Jr. , and directed by Kevin Bray .
Bobbili Puli ( Telugu : బొబ్బిలి పులి ) is a 1982 Telugu action - drama film starring N.T. Rama Rao ( NTR ) and Sridevi in the lead roles .
Saradaga Kasepu is a Telugu film starring Allari Naresh , Madhurima and Srinivas Avasarala in the Lead roles directed by Vamsy .
Love Is Better Than Ever is a 1952 American romantic comedy film directed by Stanley Donen from a screenplay by Ruth Brooks Flippen , starring Larry Parks and Elizabeth Taylor .
The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and Frank Powell and starring Blanche Sweet .
Panama Lady is a 1939 film starring Lucille Ball .
The House of Yes is a 1997 American film starring Parker Posey , Josh Hamilton , Geneviève Bujold , Freddie Prinze , Jr. and Tori Spelling .
Kottapeta Rowdy is a Telugu film starring Krishna , Jayaprada & Chiranjeevi as a villain .
Sunshine Cleaning is a 2008 comedy - drama film starring Amy Adams and Emily Blunt .
Cookie 's Fortune is a 1999 criminal comedy film directed by Robert Altman and starring an ensemble cast , including Glenn Close , Julianne Moore , Liv Tyler , Patricia Neal , Charles S. Dutton and Chris O'Donnell .
My New Partner II ( French : Ripoux contre ripoux ) is a 1990 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi , starring Philippe Noiret and Thierry Lhermitte .
Man Wanted is a Pre - Code 1932 romance film starring Kay Francis as a married magazine editor who hires a handsome secretary , David Manners .
Aag Laga Do Sawan Ko ( English translation - Fire Up The Winter ) is 1991 Hindi language movie directed by Anup Malik and starring Harish Patel , Kuldeep Malik , Sargam , Reema , Ajit Vachhani .
Why Change Your Wife ? is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson .
Wild City ( 迷城 ) is a 2015 Hong Kong - Chinese action film directed by Ringo Lam and starring Louis Koo , Shawn Yue , Tong Liya and Joseph Chang .
Aaraadhana is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Madhu and produced by .
The Love Burglar is a 1919 American drama silent film directed by James Cruze , written by Jack Lait and Walter Woods and starring Wallace Reid , Anna Q. Nilsson , Raymond Hatton , Wallace Beery , Wilton Taylor and Edmund Burns .
Melodies of America ( Spanish : Melodías de América ) is a 1941 Argentinian musical comedy film directed by Eduardo Morera and starring José Mojica , Silvana Roth and June Marlowe .
Absolute Deception ( also known as Deception ) is a 2013 Australian / Canadian international co - production thriller film directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith , and starring Cuba Gooding , Jr. and Emmanuelle Vaugier .
Around the World in 80 Gardens was a television series of 10 programmes in which British gardener and broadcaster Monty Don visited 80 of the world 's most celebrated gardens .
Ente Kaanakkuyil is a 1985 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by J. Sasikumar starring Mammootty in lead role , supported by Rahman , Revathy and Jose Prakash playing other important roles .
Santhanagopalam is a 1994 Malayalam film starring Thilakan , Jagadheesh , Balachandra Menon , and Kaviyoor Ponnamma in the lead roles .
Harold Lloyd as Lonesome Luke Bebe Daniels Snub Pollard Gaylord Lloyd as Luke 's Double Sammy Brooks Bud Jamison Charles Stevenson
Heaven , We Inherit a Castle ( German : Himmel , wir erben ein Schloß ) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Peter Paul Brauer and starring Anny Ondra , Hans Brausewetter and Carla Rust .
Oottyppattanam is a 1992 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Haridas and starring Jayaram , Siddique , Jagathy Sreekumar , Anju , Easwari Rao , Narendra Prasad and Jayabharathi in pivotal roles .
Ladies Only is a 1997 unreleased Hindi language Indian feature film directed by Dinesh Shailendra , starring Randhir Kapoor , Seema Biswas , Shilpa Shirodkar , Heera Rajagopal and Kamal Haasan in guest appearance as a dead body .
Fired Wife is a 1943 comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Robert Paige , Diana Barrymore and Louise Allbritton .
Hagalu Vesha ( Kannada : ಹಗಲು ವೇಷ ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada film directed , written and scripted by Baraguru Ramachandrappa starring Shiva Rajkumar and Reshma in the lead roles .
Hop , the Bellhop is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
The film version of The Prisoner of Second Avenue stars Jack Lemmon , Anne Bancroft and Gene Saks .
Rasputin , Dämon der Frauen ( English : Rasputin , Demon with Women ) is a 1932 German historical drama film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Conrad Veidt , Paul Otto and Hermine Sterler .
A Small Town in Texas is a 1976 movie directed by Jack Starrett starring Bo Hopkins , Susan George , and Timothy Bottoms .
He Married His Wife is a 1940 film about a race horse owner ( Joel McCrea ) who wants his ex - wife ( Nancy Kelly ) to remarry so he 'll no longer have to pay alimony .
Blackie the Pirate ( Italian : Il corsaro nero ) is a 1971 comedy film with Terence Hill and Bud Spencer , unusual in that the popular team has little screen time together .
The Green Devils of Monte Cassino ( German : Die grünen Teufel von Monte Cassino ) is a 1958 French - German war film directed by Harald Reinl and starring Joachim Fuchsberger , Antje Geerk and Ewald Balser .
Last Ounce of Courage is a 2012 American drama film directed by Darrel Campbell , Kevin McAfee and starring Marshall R. Teague , Jennifer O'Neill , and Fred Williamson .
Her Majesty the Barmaid or Her Majesty Love ( German : Ihre Majestät die Liebe ) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Joe May and starring Käthe von Nagy , Francis Lederer and Otto Wallburg .
Michal Bat - Adam as Atalia Yiptach Katzur Rafael Klatchkin Yossi Pollack Dan Toren Gail Ben - Ner Yair Rubin Tamar Amiran
Charlie Chan in Paris is the seventh film produced by Fox with Warner Oland as Charlie Chan .
Scream of Stone ( German : Cerro Torre : Schrei aus Stein ) is a 1991 film directed by Werner Herzog about a climbing expedition on Cerro Torre .
Flame of the Islands is a 1956 drama film about a café singer , played by Yvonne De Carlo , who buys into a casino , encountering multiple men who quickly fall in love with her , and her attempt to find true love and happiness .
Good Neighbor Sam is a 1964 American Eastman Color comedy film co - written and directed by David Swift and starring Jack Lemmon , Romy Schneider , Dorothy Provine and Michael Connors .
Goodbye Charlie Bright is a 2001 film directed by Nick Love and starring Paul Nicholls , Roland Manookian and Danny Dyer .
Mommaga ( Kannada : ಮೊಮ್ಮಗ ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by V. Ravichandran and produced by Sandesh Nagaraj .
Time Gentlemen , Please ! is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Eddie Byrne , Hermione Baddeley , Raymond Lovell and Sid James .
Plots with a View , released internationally as Undertaking Betty , is a 2002 British dark comedy written by Frederick Ponzlov , directed by Nick Hurran , starring Brenda Blethyn , Robert Pugh , Alfred Molina , Naomi Watts , Lee Evans and Christopher Walken .
Rudraksham is a 1994 action Malayalam film starring Suresh Gopi , Annie and Devan .
Goonj Uthi Shehnai ( English : The Call of the Shehnai ) ( meaning ' The Wedding Bells Have Started Ringing ' ) is 1959 Hindi film directed by Vijay Bhatt , with Rajendra Kumar , Ameeta , Anita Guha and I. S. Johar as leads .
The Midnight Flyer is a 1918 American short action drama film directed by George Marshall and starring Hoot Gibson .
Dollar of Fire /Epitaph for a Fast Gun ( Italian : Un dollaro di fuoco , Spanish : Un dólar de fuego ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish western film directed by Nick Nostro and starring Miguel de la Riva , Dada Gallotti and Alberto Farnese .
Good Times , Bed Times ( 戀上你的床 , Luen seung ngei dik chong ) is a 2003 Hong Kong romantic comedy film starring Sammi Cheng , Louis Koo , Sean Lau , Charlene Choi , with guest appearances by Tony Leung and Sandra Ng .
The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu is a 1980 comedy film , notable as the final film of Peter Sellers , David Tomlinson and John Le Mesurier .
The Education of Charlie Banks is a 2007 drama film directed by Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst , produced by Straight Up Film 's Marisa Polvino and starring Jesse Eisenberg , Jason Ritter , Eva Amurri , Gloria Votsis , and Chris Marquette .
Four Rode Out is a 1971 Spanish / American adventure / western film starring Sue Lyon , Pernell Roberts and Leslie Nielsen .
Munchie Strikes Back is a 1992 comedy feature film directed by Jim Wynorski and written by Wynorski and R.J. Robertson , as a sequel to Munchie , with Howard Hesseman providing Munchie 's voice .
Married Flirts was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick , Mae Busch , and Conrad Nagel , directed by Robert Vignola .
Unaccustomed As We Are is the first sound comedy short film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy released on May 4 , 1929 .
Warsaw Premiere ( Polish : Warszawska premiera ) is a 1951 Polish historical film directed by Jan Rybkowski and starring Jan Koecher , Barbara Kostrzewska and Jerzy Duszyński .
The Warrior Strain is a 1919 British silent war film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Sydney Wood , Harry Agar Lyons and J. Edwards Barker .
The Labours of Erica is a British television sitcom starring Brenda Blethyn as self - made businesswoman Erica Parsons .
Repeaters is a 2010 Canadian thriller film directed by Carl Bessai , written by Arne Olsen , and starring Dustin Milligan , Amanda Crew , and Richard de Klerk as young drug addicts who find themselves stuck in a time loop .
Home Town Story is a 1951 American drama film directed by Arthur Pierson and starring Jeffrey Lynn , Donald Crisp , and Alan Hale , Jr ..
Home to Danger is a 1951 British crime film directed by Terence Fisher starring Guy Rolfe , Rona Anderson and Stanley Baker .
Belle maman is a 1999 comedic French film starring Catherine Deneuve , Line Renaud , Stephane Audran , Idris Elba , Françoise Lépine and directed by Gabriel Aghion .
Sunlight Pours Down ( Hangul : 햇빛 쏟아지다 ; RR : Haetbit Ssodajida ) is a 2004 South Korean television series starring Song Hye - kyo , Jo Hyun - jae , and Ryoo Seung - bum .
The Edge of Love soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti includes performances by singers Keira Knightley , Siouxsie Sioux , Suggs , Patrick Wolf , and Beth Rowley .
Bhoot Bungla is a 1965 Bollywood comedy horror film directed by Mehmood , who stars in the film alongside Tanuja and Nazir Hussain .
Men of the Sky starred Irene Delroy and Jack Whiting .
The box office gross was $ 180 million below that of Rocky IV . Rocky V marked the final appearances of Talia Shire and Burgess Meredith in the Rocky series .
Night Eyes is a 1990 erotic thriller film written by Tom Citrano and Andrew Stevens .
Swiss Tour ( or Four Days Leave ) is a 1949 American - Swiss drama film directed by Leopold Lindtberg and starring Cornel Wilde , Josette Day and Simone Signoret .
Anna Magdalena ( Chinese : 安娜瑪德蓮娜 ) is a 1998 Hong Kong romantic fantasy comedy film starring Aaron Kwok , Kelly Chen and Takeshi Kaneshiro .
Adventure Girl ( 1934 ) is an American adventure documentary directed by Herman Raymaker , based on dialogue written by Ferrin Frazier , starring and narrated by Joan Lowell .
A Melody Looking is a Hong Kong musical film written and directed by Leon Lai , released on 18 November 2006 .
My Brilliant Life ( Hangul : 두근두근 내 인생 ; RR : Dugeun Dugeun Nae Insaeng ; lit . `` My Palpitating Life '' ) is a 2014 South Korean drama film starring Song Hye - kyo and Kang Dong - won .
It Seems Like Yesterday was a Canadian half - hour television documentary series hosted by Rick Mercer on History Television .
Temptation of a Monk ( You Cheng ) is a 1993 Hong Kong period drama movie directed by Clara Law based on Pik Wah Lee 's novel of the same name . The movie had Joan Chen and Hsing - Kuo Wu in the lead roles .
Produced by Dino De Laurentiis , starring Silvana Mangano , Raf Vallone , Doris Dowling and Vittorio Gassman , Bitter Rice was a commercial success in Europe and the United States .
The Phantom President is a 1932 American Pre - Code musical comedy / political satire film directed by Norman Taurog , and starring George M. Cohan , Claudette Colbert and Jimmy Durante .
Let America Laugh is a 2003 documentary film produced and directed by Lance Bangs of stand - up comedian David Cross 's tour of small alternative rock clubs .
Chutney Popcorn is a 1999 comedy - drama film starring , directed and co - written by Nisha Ganatra .
Mama 's Family is an American television sitcom starring Vicki Lawrence as Thelma Harper ( Mama ) .
Summer x Summer ( traditional Chinese : 熱情仲夏 ; simplified Chinese : 热情仲夏 ; pinyin : rè qíng zhòng xià ; literally : `` Passionate summer '' ) is a 2007 Taiwanese TV drama starring Joe Cheng , Wu Xiong and Ethan Juan .
Start the Revolution Without Me is a 1970 film directed by Bud Yorkin , starring Gene Wilder , Donald Sutherland , Hugh Griffith , Jack MacGowran , Billie Whitelaw , Orson Welles ( playing himself as narrator ) and Victor Spinetti .
Three Mounted Men is a 1918 American Western film directed by John Ford ( credited as Jack Ford ) and featuring Harry Carey .
His Majesty O'Keefe is a 1954 adventure film starring Burt Lancaster .
Golden Venus ( French : La Vénus de l'or ) is a 1938 French adventure film directed by Jean Delannoy and Charles Méré and starring Jacques Copeau , Daniel Lecourtois and Mireille Balin .
The Chess Set is a 2005 Australian short subject depicting two old men Stuart Wagstaff and Frank Wilson who enjoy their daily chess game in a park .
Murder Over New York is a 1940 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan .
Rhythm in the Air is a 1936 British comedy dance film , directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring husband and wife dance partnership American Jack Donohue and Norwegian Tutta Rolf .
Marines , Let 's Go is a 1961 CinemaScope colour Korean War film about three Marine buddies ( Tom Tryon , David Hedison and Tom Reese ) on shore leave in Japan and at war in Korea .
Always Leave Them Laughing is a 1949 musical comedy - drama film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Milton Berle and Virginia Mayo .
3 Geezers ! is a 2013 American comedy film starring J. K. Simmons , Tim Allen , Scott Caan , Breckin Meyer , Randy Couture and Basil Hoffman .
Un plus une is a 2015 French romantic comedy film directed by Claude Lelouch and starring Jean Dujardin , Elsa Zylberstein , Christopher Lambert and Alice Pol . It has been selected to be shown in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival .
Lana Turner as Fredda Barlo Ezio Pinza as Mr. Imperium Marjorie Main as Mrs. Cabot Barry Sullivan as Paul Hunter Cedric Hardwicke as Bernand Debbie Reynolds as Gwen Ann Codee as Anna Pelan The Guadalajara Trio as themselves
Dropped from Heaven ( French : Tombé du ciel ) is a 1946 French comedy film directed by Emil E. Reinert and starring Jacqueline Gauthier , Claude Dauphin and Giselle Pascal .
Feeling Minnesota is a 1996 American crime drama comedy film , written and directed by Steven Baigelman , starring Keanu Reeves , Vincent D'Onofrio , Cameron Diaz , Tuesday Weld and Courtney Love .
Bloodmatch ( 1991 ) is a martial - arts film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Thom Mathews , Hope Marie Carlton , Marianne Taylor , Vincent Klyn , Michel Qissi , and Benny `` The Jet '' Urquidez .
Her Benny is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Sydney Wood , Babs Reynolds and Charles Buckmaster .
Return to Glennascaul , also known as Orson Welles ' Ghost Story , is a 1951 short film starring Orson Welles .
Even the Rain ( Spanish : También la lluvia ) is a 2010 Spanish drama film directed by Icíar Bollaín about Mexican director Sebastián ( Gael García Bernal ) and executive producer Costa ( Luis Tosar ) who travel to Bolivia to shoot a film depicting Christopher Columbus 's conquest .
Battling Butler is a 1926 comedy silent film directed by and starring Buster Keaton .
The Price of Divorce is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Miriam Seegar , Wyndham Standing and Frances Day .
College Days is a 2010 Malayalam revenge film directed by G. N. Krishnakumar and starring Indrajith , Riyan , Govind Padmasoorya , Sajid Lal , Bhama , Dhanya Mary Varghese , Sandhya , Biju Menon and Bhama .
Moe Howard once called Three Little Pigskins `` a humdinger of bangs and bruises , '' as it marked the first time the Stooges flatly refused to perform a stunt .
Mr. Rajesh is an action romance film , directed by Jai Akash .
A Man , a Woman , and a Bank , also known as A Very Big Withdraw , is a 1979 Canadian heist film , starring Donald Sutherland and Brooke Adams and directed by Noel Black .
Two Happy People ( German : Zwei glückliche Menschen ) is a 1943 comedy film directed by E.W. Emo and starring Magda Schneider , Wolf Albach - Retty and Oskar Sima .
Kiss Me General ( original title : Martin Soldat ) is a 1966 French comedy film directed by Michel Deville and starring Robert Hirsch , Véronique Vendell , Walter Rilla , Marlène Jobert and Anthony Sharp .
The List of Adrian Messenger is a 1963 black and white crime thriller about a retired British intelligence officer ( George C. Scott ) investigating a series of apparently unrelated deaths .
The Blackbird , though , has become infatuated by Mademoiselle Fifi Lorraine ( Renée Adorée ) , another performer and Polly 's rival .
Two Living , One Dead is a 1961 British - Swedish existentialist thriller film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Patrick McGoohan , Virginia McKenna and Bill Travers .
Sonora Stagecoach is a 1944 American black - and - white action Western film starring Bob Steele , Hoot Gibson and Chief Thundercloud .
Satan 's Cheerleaders is a 1977 comedy - horror movie starring John Ireland , Yvonne De Carlo , and John Carradine .
The Yankee Girl is a 1915 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco , distributed by Paramount Pictures and starring Blanche Ring , from the Broadway stage .
Yennamo Yedho ( English : Something Random ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Ravi Thyagarajan starring Gautham Karthik And nikesha Patel and Rakul Preet Singh .
Zeiten ändern dich ( English : Times change you ) is a German biographical film directed by Uli Edel and starring the German rapper Bushido , Elyas M'Barek , Moritz Bleibtreu , Karoline Schuch , Fler , Kay One and Nyze .
Paadatha Thenikkal is a 1988 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by V.M.C.Haneefa , starring Sivakumar and Radhika in lead role .
Not My Type ( French : Pas son genre ) is a 2014 French - Belgian romance film directed by Lucas Belvaux and starring Émilie Dequenne and Loïc Corbery .
Shoot - Out at Medicine Bend is a 1957 Western film directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Randolph Scott , James Craig and Angie Dickinson .
Death of a Corrupt Man ( French : Mort d'un pourri and also known as The Twisted Detective and To Kill a Rat ) is a 1977 French crime film directed by Georges Lautner and starring Alain Delon .
Flor de Liza is a Philippine film series produced by Seven Stars Productions launched in 1981 that stars Julie Vega and Janice De Belen .
Aakhri Insaaf is a 1980 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Kalidas , starring Ashok Kumar , Mithun Chakraborty , Rameshwari , Zarina Wahab , Vijayendra Ghatge and Pradeep Kumar
Aatadista is a 2008 Telugu film , starring Nitin , Kajal Aggarwal , Jayasudha , Nagababu and others .
Henry Goes Arizona is a 1939 western film starring Frank Morgan as an actor who inherits his dead brother 's ranch .
I Accuse ! is a British - American 1958 CinemaScope biographical drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer .
It Happened in Flatbush is a 1942 American sports film directed by Ray McCarey and starring Lloyd Nolan , Carole Landis and Sara Allgood .
After the Fire Over Russia ( Bulgarian : Sled pozhara nad Rusiya ) is a 1929 Bulgarian silent drama film directed by Boris Grezov and starring Tacho Kolarov , Baronesa Loudon and Konstantin Kisimov .
Security Unlimited is a 1981 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Michael Hui and co - starring his brothers Samuel Hui and Ricky Hui , who are known as the Hui Brothers .
I pinguini ci guardano ( i.e. `` Penguins look at us '' ) is a 1956 Italian comedy film written and directed by Guido Leoni and starring Renato Rascel and Carlo Croccolo .
Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke follows the lives of two teenage girls , Gunjan ( Roopal Tyagi ) and Rachna ( Mahima Makwana ) .
He This Way , She That Way ( German : Er rechts , sie links ) is a 1915 German silent comedy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Max Zilzer , Bogia Horska , Otto Treptow and Manny Ziener .
The Pirate Movie is a 1982 Australian musical romantic comedy film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Christopher Atkins and Kristy McNichol .
If You Could Only Cook ( 1935 ) is a screwball comedy of mistaken identity starring Herbert Marshall as a frustrated automobile executive and Jean Arthur as a young woman who talks him into posing as her husband so they can land jobs as a butler and a cook .
Come Fill the Cup is a 1951 film starring James Cagney and Gig Young , directed by Gordon Douglas .
The Red Dance ( also known as The Red Dancer of Moscow ) , is a 1928 American film directed by Raoul Walsh , starring Dolores del Río and Charles Farrell , inspired in the novel by Henry Leyford Gates .
Checkered Flag or Crash is a 1977 film about off - road racing through the Philippines jungle , starring Joe Don Baker and Susan Sarandon and featuring Larry Hagman , Alan Vint and Parnelli Jones .
Yaşamak Ne Güzel Şey is a 1969 Turkish musical comedy film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Öztürk Serengil , Selda Alkor , and Engin Çaglar .
Strange Justice is a 1999 television movie starring Delroy Lindo and Regina Taylor and directed by Ernest Dickerson .
Scream 3 featured several cameo appearances including the fictional characters of Jay and Silent Bob from the 1994 film Clerks played by Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith , and director Roger Corman as an on - set studio executive .
Coffin Baby ( aka Coffin Baby - The Toolbox Killer Is Back ) is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Dean C. Jones and starring Bruce Dern , Brian Krause , Clifton Powell , and Ethan Phillips .
Road to Paris is a 2001 documentary film showing the preparation of Lance Armstrong , then twice winner of Tour de France , and his team , US Postal Service Pro Cycling Team , for the 2001 Tour de France .
Signé Arsène Lupin ( Italian : Il ritorno di Arsenio Lupin , also known as Signed , Arsene Lupin ) is a 1959 French - Italian crime film written and directed by Yves Robert .
Visiting Hours ( also known as Get Well Soon and The Fright ) is a 1982 slasher film directed by Jean - Claude Lord and starring Michael Ironside , Lee Grant , Linda Purl , William Shatner and Lenore Zann .
Cold Lunch ( Norwegian : Lønsj ) is a 2008 Norwegian drama film directed by Eva Sørhaug , starring Ane Dahl Torp , Pia Tjelta and Aksel Hennie .
Sayonara is a 1957 color ( Technicolor ) American film starring Marlon Brando .
Gai dimanche ( English : Fun Sunday ) is a 1935 three reel film written by and starring Jacques Tati and his friend Rhum .
Aag Aur Toofan ( English translation - Fire and Storm ) is 1975 Bollywood film directed by Tanvir Ahmed and starring Mumtaz , Robin Kumar , Anwar Hussain .
The Man from the Diners ' Club is a 1963 comedy film starring Danny Kaye , directed by Frank Tashlin .
Death Defying Acts is a 2007 British - Australian supernatural romance film , directed by Gillian Armstrong , and starring Guy Pearce & Catherine Zeta - Jones .
Nimajjanam ( English title : The Immersion ) is a 1979 Telugu film directed by B. S. Narayana , produced by Pattabhi Ramireddy , starring Sharada and Chakrapani and Cinematography by P. S. Nivas .
C. I. Mahadevan 5 Adi 4 Inchu is a 2004 Malayalam comedy thriller film directed by K. K. Haridas and starring Cochin Haneefa , Shruti and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles .
Building a Fire is a 1914 American comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Janmam is a Malayalam action drama film directed by Joshiy , starring Suresh Gopi , Karthika , Gopika and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles .
Killer Klowns from Outer Space is a 1988 American science fiction horror comedy film directed by The Chiodo Brothers and starring Grant Cramer and Suzanne Snyder .
Fukrey ( meaning ' slacker ' or ' worthless ' in Hindi / Punjabi ) is a 2013 Hindi coming of age comedy film directed by Mrighdeep Singh Lamba and starring Pulkit Samrat , Varun Sharma , Ali Fazal , Manjot Singh , Richa Chadda , Vishakha Singh , and Priya Anand in the lead roles .
When Ruba Nadda finished writing the script for Cairo Time she showed it to producer Daniel Iron of Foundry Films .
A 44-Calibre Mystery is a 1917 American short Western film , featuring Harry Carey .
Strauss Is Playing Today ( German : Heut ' spielt der Strauss ) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Conrad Wiene and starring Alfred Abel , Hermine Sterler and Imre Ráday .
Snehapoorvam Anna is a 2000 Malayalam romantic film starring Vaibhavi Merchant and Innocent .
The Isle of Love is a 1922 recut of a 1918 silent drama film Over the Rhine starring female impersonator Julian Eltinge .
Deputy Dawg was voiced by Dayton Allen , a prolific Hollywood voice actor who voiced many Terrytoons characters in television and theatrical shorts in the 1950s and 1960s .
Hey Babe ! , also known as Babe ! and also known as Rise and Shine , is a 1980 film , a musical drama starring Yasmine Bleeth and Buddy Hackett .
Cheaper to Marry is a 1925 American film starring Conrad Nagel , Lewis Stone , Marguerite De La Motte and Paulette Duval .
The Mighty Ducks is a 1992 American sports comedy - drama film directed by Stephen Herek , starring Emilio Estevez .
The Crazy Clock Maker is a 1915 American silent comedy film starring Billy Bowers and featuring Oliver Hardy in a supporting role .
Operation Bullshine is a 1959 British colour comedy film directed by Gilbert Gunn and starring Donald Sinden , Barbara Murray and Carole Lesley .
Portrait of Imogen is a 1988 American short documentary film about American photographer Imogen Cunningham , directed by Meg Partridge .
The Red Robe sometimes translated as The Red Dress ( French : La robe rouge ) is a 1933 French drama film directed by Jean de Marguenat and starring Constant Remy , Suzanne Rissler and Marcelle Praince .
Sex Is Comedy revolves around a director ( Anne Parillaud ) and her troubles filming an intimate sex scene between two actors who can not tolerate each other .
Looping the Loop ( German : Die Todesschleife ) is a 1928 German silent thriller film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Werner Krauss , Jenny Jugo and Warwick Ward .
Flight for Freedom ( aka Stand to Die ) is a 1943 American drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Rosalind Russell , Fred MacMurray and Herbert Marshall .
Mountain Strawberries , starring Aema 's Ahn So - young , debuted in September of that year .
Uttama Villain ( English : The Pure - Hearted Villain ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil comedy - drama film directed by Ramesh Aravind and written by Kamal Haasan .
The Tuttles of Tahiti is a 1942 film directed by Charles Vidor and starring Charles Laughton and Jon Hall .
A Sailor 's Heart is a 1912 American short silent comedy film directed by Wilfred Lucas and starring Blanche Sweet .
The Road to Hong Kong is a 1962 British comedy film directed by Norman Panama and starring Bing Crosby , Bob Hope , as well as Joan Collins , with a cameo featuring Dorothy Lamour .
My Brother the Pig is a 1999 American fantasy - comedy film , directed by Erik Fleming and starring Scarlett Johansson , Judge Reinhold , Alex D. Linz , and Eva Mendes .
Nokkethadhoorathu Kannum Nattu is a 1984 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Fazil , and starring Nadia Moidu in lead role and late dancer Padmini , and Mohanlal in pivotal roles .
Frank Gardiner , the King of the Road is a 1911 film about the bushranger Frank Gardiner , played by John Gavin , who also directed .
A Summer to Remember is a 1985 American family drama film written and directed by Robert Michael Lewis and starring James Farentino , Tess Harper and Louise Fletcher .
Sixty Years a Queen is a 1913 British silent historical film directed by Bert Haldane and starring Blanche Forsythe , Louie Henri and Fred Paul .
The Frisky Mrs. Johnson is a 1920 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke .
Bili Hendthi ( Kannada : ಬಿಳಿ ಹೆಂಡ್ತಿ ) is a 1975 Kannada movie by Puttanna Kanagal starring Aarathi , Loknath and Margaret Thomson .
Jomer Raja Dilo Bor ( Bengali : যমের রাজা দিল বর ) is a Bengali Film starring Abir Chatterjee & Payel Sarkar in lead roles .
Fatal Move ( traditional Chinese : 奪帥 ; simplified Chinese : 夺帅 , released in the United States as Triad Wars ) is a 2008 Hong Kong action film written , produced and directed by Dennis S.Y. Law , and starring Sammo Hung , Simon Yam and Wu Jing , who reunite after 2005 's SPL :
Cohen Saves the Flag is a 1913 American comedy silent film directed and produced by Mack Sennett , and starring Ford Sterling and Mabel Normand .
The Misleading Widow ( 1919 ) is a silent film comedy directed by John S. Robertson and starring Billie Burke .
Escape from East Berlin is a 1962 film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Don Murray .
Ece Uslu - Aydan Özgü Namal - Sedef İpek Tuzcuoğlu - Ayşe Okan Yalabık - Cemil Nihat İleri - Professor Dilek Serbest - Ceren Suna Selen - Büyücü Okan Selvi - Serhat Tutumluer - Tarık Ebru Ürün - Ebru
Westgate Tango ( simplified Chinese : 西门町 ; traditional Chinese : 西門町 ; pinyin : Xi men ding ) is a 2012 Taiwan romance drama film starring Dylan Kuo , Amber An , Hong Kong actor Anthony Wong , Denny Tsao , Jett Lee and Japanese director actor Toyoharu Kitamura .
The Weak - End Party is a 1922 film featuring Stan Laurel .
Hard , Fast and Beautiful is a 1951 American drama film directed by Ida Lupino and starring Claire Trevor , loosely based on the 1930 novel American Girl by sports fiction author John R. Tunis , which itself was an unflattering and thinly - veiled fictionalization of tennis star Helen Wills Moody
The Village Rogue ( Hungarian : A Falu rossza ) is a 1916 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Miklós Pásztory and starring Helene von Bolvary , Dezső Kertész and Péter Andorffy .
The Lifeguard is a 2013 American drama produced , written , and directed by Liz W. Garcia , and starring Kristen Bell and David Lambert .
Yaakkai is an upcoming Tamil romance film directed by Kuzhandhai Velappan , starring Kreshna and Swathi Reddy in the leading roles .
Bay City Blues features an ensemble cast of regulars including a then - unknown Sharon Stone , Mykelti Williamson and Dennis Franz .
Medhai is a Tamil - language film directed by Ramarajan .
Walang Tulugan with the Master Showman ( formerly known as Master Showman Presents ) is a Filipino late night variety and talk television show hosted by German Moreno ( until his death in 2016 ) , together with John Nite , Shermaine Santiago , Jackie Lou Blanco and Shirley Fuentes .
Horror Hospital ( also known as Computer Killers ) is a 1973 British horror - comedy film starring Robin Askwith , Michael Gough , Dennis Price and Skip Martin .
Chasing Shakespeare is a 2013 film directed by Norry Niven , and starring Danny Glover , Ashley Bell , and Graham Greene .
Night Train to Paris is a 1964 British spy film starring Leslie Nielsen , Aliza Gur and Dorinda Stevens .
Bab 's Diary is a 1917 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley , and starring Marguerite Clark .
Her Grace Commands ( German : Ihre Hoheit befiehlt ) is a 1931 German romantic comedy film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Käthe von Nagy , Willy Fritsch and Reinhold Schünzel .
Nevada Smith is a 1966 American Western film in Eastmancolor and Panavision directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Steve McQueen .
Love Is Cinta is a 2007 Indonesian romantic drama film directed by Hanny Saputra and starring Irwansyah , Raffi Ahmad , Acha Septriasa and Nirina Zubir .
Guncrazy is a 1992 American crime / drama / thriller film starring Drew Barrymore .
De kalte ham Skarven ( English : They called him Skarven ) is a 1965 Norwegian drama film directed by Wilfred Breistrand and Erik Folke Gustavson , starring Per Christensen and Liv Ullmann .
Hole in the Moon ( Hebrew : חור בלבנה ; Hor B'Levana ) is an 1964 Israeli avant - garde - satiric movie directed by Uri Zohar .
Judy Garland as Nellie Noonan Kelly and as Little Nellie Kelly George Murphy as Jerry Kelly Charles Winninger as Michael `` Mike '' Noonan Douglas McPhail as Dennis Fogarty Arthur Shields as Timothy Fogarty Rita Page as Mrs. Mary Fogarty Forrester Harvey as Moriarity James Burke as Police Sergeant McGowan George Watts as Mr. Keevan , NYC Bar Owner
Panduranga Mahatyam is a 1957 Telugu film directed by Kamalakara Kameswara Rao and starring N. T. Rama Rao playing the role of Pundarika .
Dharma Durai is a 1991 Tamil drama film starring Rajinikanth , Gouthami , Charan Raj , Nizhalgal Ravi and Senthil .
The Children Pay is a surviving 1916 American silent drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Lillian Gish .
At the Green Cockatoo by Night ( German : Nachts i m grünen Kakadu ) is a 1957 West German musical film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Marika Rökk , Dieter Borsche and Renate Ewert .
The Temporary Widow is a 1930 British - German comedy film by the Austrian director Gustav Ucicky , starring Laurence Olivier in his first film role , Lilian Harvey and Athole Stewart .
The Sting is a 1973 American caper film set in September 1936 , involving a complicated plot by two professional grifters ( Paul Newman and Robert Redford ) to con a mob boss ( Robert Shaw ) .
P.I. Private Investigations ( also known as Private Investigations ) is a 1987 crime - thriller film directed by Nigel Dick and starring Clayton Rohner , Ray Sharkey and Paul Le Mat .
The Ratings Game , is a 1984 cable television film directed by Danny DeVito and produced by David Jablin .
The Black Hole is a 1979 American science fiction film directed by Gary Nelson and produced by Walt Disney Productions .
The high praise that Xiao Ni received in official histories might be related to the fact that his son Xiao Zixian ( 蕭子顯 ) was the official who was later , in the succeeding Liang Dynasty , commissioned to author the official history of Southern Qi , the Book of Qi .
Tetisheri was the mother of Seqenenre Tao , Queen Ahhotep I and possibly Kamose .
Gomer ( גֹּמֶר , Standard Hebrew Gómer , Tiberian Hebrew Gōmer , pronounced ( ɡoˈmeʁ ) ) was the eldest son of Japheth ( and of the Japhetic line ) , and father of Ashkenaz , Riphath , and Togarmah , according to the `` Table of Nations '' in the Hebrew Bible , ( Genesis 10 ) .
Qara Hülegü was later succeeded by his son Mubarak Shah .
Anant Jog has a daughter Kshitee Jog who is a renowned television actor .
Another noble Tekle Kristos , who had remained at the Imperial court , championed Eskender 's son Amda Seyon II as emperor .
At stud , Boldnesian notably sired Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Bold Ruckus and Bold Reasoning who in turn sired the 1977 U.S. Triple Crown winner Seattle Slew .
In 1973 , Adolf Dassler 's son Horst Dassler founded Arena , a producer of swimming equipment .
In the 2011 documentary film God Bless Ozzy Osbourne , produced by son Jack Osbourne , he admitted that he could not even remember when Louis and Jessica were born .
The film Catch a Fire ( 2006 ) , about the activist Patrick Chamusso , was written by Shawn Slovo and Ruth First is portrayed in the film by another daughter , Robyn Slovo , who was also one of the film 's producers .
Successor Consort of the Ulanara clan ; gave birth to two sons ( Hooge and Loge ) and one daughter ( Hong Taiji 's first ) .
Bent Martin is the father of the former All England champion in badminton Camilla Martin , and the former Danish footballer Ken Martin .
Letters to Atticus/1.5 Tullia Ciceronis , the daughter of Terentia and Cicero , was born in 78 BC . Since at this time they had already been married for 2 years without children , it is likely that the couple was not very fertile .
Qazi Abdul Majeed Abid or Qazi Abid ( Urdu : قاضی عبد ل مجید عابد ‎ ) , was the father of Former National Speaker Fahmida Mirza and Newspaper Editor Kazi Asad Abid .
In accepting the award , Richie said : `` Forget about surviving 30 some odd years in the music business , Lionel Richie survived 27 years of Nicole Richie . ''
On 4 March 2002 , an alleged plot to overthrow the junta by Ne Win 's son - in - law Aye Zaw Win , the husband of his favourite daughter Sandar Win was exposed .
Anna Bornemisza ( 1630 - 1688 ) , was a Hungarian noble , princess consort of Transylvania as the spouse of Michael I Apafi and mother of Michael II Apafi .
Michael Flagstad was married to the pianist Maja Flagstad and was the father of the singer Kirsten Flagstad , conductor Ole Flagstad , pianist Lasse Flagstad , and singer Karen - Marie Flagstad .
Gollum soon escaped his prison with the aid of Orcs , and Thranduil sent his son Legolas to Rivendell to seek the counsel of Elrond and Gandalf on this and other matters .
Jacques Borlée ( born 27 September 1957 ) is a former Belgian athlete , and the father and coach of athletes Kevin , Jonathan , Dylan and Olivia Borlée .
Jonas Alströmer had four sons in two marriages , Patrik Alströmer , August Alströmer ( father of Anna Margaretha Alströmer ) , Clas Alströmer and Johan Alströmer .
Étienne Pascal ( Clermont , 2 May 1588 -- Paris , 24 September 1651 ) was the father of Blaise Pascal .
Nicolas - Marie Gatteaux ( 2 August 1751 , Paris - 24 June 1832 , Paris ) was a French medal engraver , also notable as the father of the sculptor and medallist Jacques - Édouard Gatteaux ( 1788 - -1881 ) .
Henri Casadesus had five children including actor Christian Casadesus ( 1912 - 2014 ) and actress Gisèle Casadesus ( born 1914 ) .
After 45 years on the throne ( the second longest reign in the Ming dynasty ) , the Jiajing Emperor died in 1567 -- possibly due to mercury overdose believing to be the Elixir of Life -- and was succeeded by his son , the Longqing Emperor .
Don Carlos Smith was the father of Ina Coolbrith , who became the first poet laureate of California .
Adam and Eve had two sons , Cain and Abel ( or Habel ) , the first a tiller of the ground , the second a keeper of sheep .
In contrast , the name of Psusennes I 's 21st Dynasty successors such as Amenemope , Osorkon the Elder , and Siamun appear frequently in various documents from Upper Egypt while the Theban High Priest Pinedjem II who was a contemporary of the latter three kings never adopted any royal attributes or titles in his career .
Ajit Hutheesing has three sons , Nikhil Hutheesing , Vivek Hutheesing , and Ravi Hutheesing .
Lucy Mack Smith ( July 8 , 1775 -- May 14 , 1856 ) was the mother of Joseph Smith , Jr. , founder of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Aramazd was regarded as a generous god of fertility , rain , and abundance , as well as the father of the other gods , including Anahit , Mihr , and Nane .
The portrait tradition of Anastas Jovanović was continued by Milan Jovanović , ( no relation ) who died during World War II . Anastas 's son Konstantin Jovanović ( 1849 - -1923 ) was a prominent architect .
Aminah bint Wahb ( /ˈæmənə , ˈɑːmiːˌnɑː/ ; Arabic : آمنة بنت وهب‎ ʼĀminah bint Wahb ; died 577 AD ) was the mother of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Asha Patel ( born January 27 , 1952 ) is the mother of actors Amisha Patel and Ashmit Patel , and the wife of Amit Patel .
MOA-2008-BLG-310Lb is an extrasolar planet which orbits probably the late K - type star MOA-2008-BLG-310L , located at least 20000 light years away in the constellation Scorpius .
NGC 6826 ( also known as Caldwell 15 ) is a planetary nebula located in the constellation Cygnus .
Gliese 1062 is a M2 class star located at Right ascension 03h 38 m 15s and declination -11 ° 29 '' 2 in the constellation of Eridanus .
HD 203842 is a F - type star in the constellation of Equuleus .
HD 143361 is a binary star in the southern constellation Norma .
HD 13189 is an 8th magnitude star in Triangulum constellation .
15 Eridani ( 15 Eri ) is a star in the constellation Eridanus .
NGC 1512 is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 38 million light - years away from Earth in the constellation Horologium .
Lambda Equulei is a double star system in the constellation of Equuleus .
Lacaille 8760 ( AX Microscopii ) is a red dwarf in the constellation Microscopium , the microscope .
79 Cancri ( 79 Cnc ) is a multiple star system in the constellation Cancer .
Kappa Serpentis ( κ Ser , κ Serpentis ) is a star in the constellation Serpens , in its head ( Serpens Caput ) .
COROT-1 is a yellow dwarf main sequence star similar to our Sun . The star is located approximately 1,560 light - years away in the constellation of Monoceros .
Psi Boötis ( ψ Boo , ψ Boötis ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
Zeta Circini ( z Cir ) , is a star located in the constellation Circinus .
HD 45364 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 107 light years away in the constellation of Canis Major , orbiting the eighth magnitude G - type main sequence star HD 45364 .
3C 191 is a quasar located in the constellation Cancer .
HAT - P-8b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 750 light years away in the constellation of Pegasus , orbiting the 10th magnitude star GSC 02757 - 01152 .
70 Pegasi ( 70 Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
HY Velorum ( HY Vel ) is a star in the constellation Vela .
Messier 49 ( also known as M 49 or NGC 4472 ) is an elliptical galaxy located about 56 million light - years away in the equatorial constellation of Virgo .
NGC 6090 is a merging pair of spiral galaxies , 400 million light years from the Earth , in the constellation of Draco .
The Little Dumbbell Nebula , also known as Messier 76 , NGC 650/651 , the Barbell Nebula , or the Cork Nebula , is a planetary nebula in the constellation Perseus .
Kappa Capricorni ( κ Cap , κ Capricorni ) is a star in the constellation Capricornus .
3C 305 is a Seyfert 2 radio galaxy located in the constellation Draco .
Nu Piscium ( Nu Psc , ν Piscium , ν Psc ) is a star approximately 368 light years away from Earth , in the constellation Pisces .
NGC 30 is a double star system ( K4 and F5 ( ? ) ) in Pegasus constellation .
Kappa Volantis ( κ Vol , κ Volantis ) is a triple star system in the constellation Volans .
Xi Tauri ( ξ Tau , ξ Tauri ) is a hierarchical quadruple system in the constellation Taurus .
HD 106906 b is a directly imaged planetary - mass companion and candidate exoplanet orbiting the star HD 106906 , in the constellation Crux at about 300 light - years from Earth .
Zeta Persei ( ζ Per , ζ Persei ) is a star in the northern constellation of Perseus .
Gamma Coronae Australis ( y CrA ) , is a star located in the constellation Corona Australis .
83 Ursae Majoris ( 83 UMa ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major .
16 Cephei is a double star , about 120 light years from the Sun , in the constellation of Cepheus .
Ross 154 ( V1216 Sgr ) is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Sagittarius .
GCIRS 13E is potentially an intermediate mass black hole ( IMBH ) with a mass of about 1300 solar masses orbiting Sagittarius A * at a distance of about three light years .
NGC 1333 is a reflection nebula located in the constellation Perseus .
Lambda Telescopii ( λ Tel , λ Telescopii ) is a star in the constellation Telescopium .
V446 Herculis was a nova in the constellation Hercules in 1960 .
Geminga is a neutron star approximately 250 parsecs ( around 800 light years ) from the Sun in the constellation Gemini .
V382 Velorum was a bright nova , which occurred in 1999 in the southern constellation Vela .
HD 24496 Ab , or simply HD 24496 b , ( also known as HIP 18267 b ) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type star HD 24496 A , located approximately 66.5 light years away in the constellation Taurus .
HD 221287 b is an exoplanet approximately 173 light years away in the constellation of Tucana .
WD 0806 - 661 ( L 97 - 3 , GJ 3483 ) is a wide binary system of a white dwarf and a Y - type sub - brown dwarf ( designated `` B '' ) , located in constellation Volans at 63 light - years from Earth .
41 Arietis ( abbreviated 41 Ari ) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries .
NGC 5068 is a face - on field barred spiral galaxy in the Virgo constellation .
NGC 5033 is an inclined spiral galaxy located in the constellation Canes Venatici .
Kepler-69c ( also known by its Kepler Object of Interest designation KOI-172.02 ) is a confirmed super - Earth extrasolar planet , about 70 % larger than Earth , orbiting a Sun - like G - type star , Kepler-69 , located about 2,700 ly ( 830 pc ) from Earth in the constellation of Cygnus .
HD 11506 is a yellow dwarf star in the constellation Cetus .
HD 6718 is an 8th magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 179 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
Kepler-8b is the fifth of the first five exoplanets discovered by NASA 's Kepler spacecraft , which aims to discover planets in a region of the sky between the constellations Lyra and Cygnus that transit ( cross in front of ) their host stars .
NGC 4980 is a spiral galaxy in the southern constellation of Hydra .
The North America Nebula ( NGC 7000 or Caldwell 20 ) is an emission nebula in the constellation Cygnus , close to Deneb ( the tail of the swan and its brightest star ) .
PSR B1257 + 12 , previously designated PSR 1257 + 12 , alternatively designated PSR J1300 + 1240 , also named Lich , is a pulsar located 2300 light years from the Sun in the constellation of Virgo .
HD 13931 is an 8th magnitude G - type star located approximately 144 light years away in the constellation Andromeda .
47 Ursae Majoris d ( sometimes abbreviated 47 Uma d ) is an extrasolar planet approximately 46 light - years away in the constellation of Ursa Major .
IC 755 is a spiral galaxy that lies 70 million light - years away in the Coma Berenices constellation .
NGC 2841 is an inclined unbarred spiral galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major .
2MASS J03552337 + 1133437 ( 2MASS J0355 + 11 ) is a nearby brown dwarf of spectral type L5γ , located in constellation Taurus at approximately 29.8 light - years from Earth .
HR 5256 is a solitary , K - type main sequence star located thirty - three light - years away in the constellation Ursa Major .
NGC 4183 is a spiral galaxy with a faint core and an open spiral structure located about 55 million light - years from the Sun and spanning about eighty thousand light - years in the constellation of Canes Venatici .
HD 52265 is a 6th - magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 92 light - years away in the constellation of Monoceros .
HD 24479 ( or H Camelopardalis ) , is a star located in the constellation Camelopardalis .
EF Eridani ( abbreviated EF Eri , sometimes incorrectly referred to as EF Eridanus ) is a variable star of the type known as polars , AM Herculis stars , or magnetic cataclysmic variable stars .
HD 4732 is a red giant star of magnitude 5.9 located in the constellation Cetus .
NGC 5985 is a spiral galaxy located in the northern constellation Draco .
Omega Serpentis ( ω Ser , ω Serpentis ) is a star in the constellation Serpens .
The Extended Groth Strip is an image of a small region between the constellations of Ursa Major and Boötes , based on the results of a series of observations by the Hubble Space Telescope .
OGLE-2005-BLG-071L is a distant , magnitude 19.5 galactic bulge star located in the constellation Scorpius , approximately 11000 light years away from the Solar System .
HD 181342 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K - type star HD 181342 approximately 361 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius .
NGC 4125 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Draco .
NGC 362 ( Caldwell 104 ) is a globular cluster located in the constellation Tucana in the Southern Hemisphere , slightly north of the Small Magellanic Cloud .
20 Ceti ( 20 Cet ) is an orange giant star in the constellation Cetus .
Nu Herculis ( v Her , v Herculis ) star in the constellation Hercules .
The Liebknecht Range ( 71 ° 48′S 11 ° 22′E ) is a mountain range , 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) long , forming the southwest arm of the Humboldt Mountains in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Landrum Island is the southernmost of the three Bugge Islands in the south part of Marguerite Bay , Fallières Coast , Antarctica .
Wild Spur ( 64 ° 42′S 62 ° 32′W ) is a spur extending from Pulfrich Peak to the west side of Arctowski Peninsula , on the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica .
Ob ' Passage ( 66 ° 33′S 93 ° 1′E ) is a passage 0.4 nautical miles ( 0.7 km ) wide between Khmary Island and Mabus Point on the coast of Antarctica .
The Dione Nunataks ( 71 ° 56′S 69 ° 6′W ) are rock exposures at the head of Saturn Glacier , 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) west of Deimos Ridge in the southeastern part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Exum Glacier ( 73 ° 30′S 94 ° 14′W ) is a small glacier flowing north between Hughes Point and Bonnabeau Dome , in the Jones Mountains of Antarctica .
Bizone Rock ( Bulgarian : скала Бизоне , `` Skala Bizone '' \'ska - la bi-'zo - ne\ ) is the rock off Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica extending 120 m in southeast - northwest direction and 100 m wide .
Guépratte Island is an ice - covered island 2.8 km ( 1.7 mi ) long , lying between Anvers Island and Brabant Island at the east side of the entrance to Fournier Bay , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica .
The Lance Rocks ( 82 ° 52′S 48 ° 19′W ) are two rocks lying together at the northeast end of Crouse Spur in the Forrestal Range , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
Kita - karamete Rock ( 69 ° 4′S 35 ° 23′E ) is a rock situated 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) north of Minami - karamete Rock in the eastern part of Riiser - Larsen Peninsula , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
The Laussedat Heights ( 64 ° 47′S 62 ° 30′W ) are a series of elevations extending eastward for 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) in the southwest part of Arctowski Peninsula , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Plummer Glacier ( 79 ° 58′S 81 ° 30′W ) is a short glacier descending east through the Enterprise Hills to the north of Lippert Peak and the Douglas Peaks , in the Heritage Range in Antarctica .
Lemaire Channel is a strait off Antarctica , between Kiev Peninsula in the mainland 's Graham Land and Booth Island .
The Haskard Highlands ( 80 ° 30′S 29 ° 15′W ) are a range of peaks and ridges between Blaiklock Glacier and Stratton Glacier in the northwest of the Shackleton Range , Antarctica , rising to 1,210 metres ( 3,970 ft ) at Mount Weston and including features between Mount Provender and Pointer Nunatak .
Mount J. J. Thomson ( 77 ° 41′19``S 162 ° 15′40''E ) is a prominent hump - shaped peak along the north wall of Taylor Valley , standing above Lake Bonney , between Rhone Glacier and Matterhorn Glacier , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Edwards Pillar ( 73 ° 5′S 66 ° 20′E ) is a large rock pillar on the western face of Mount Stinear in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
Mericle Rock ( 73 ° 39′S 163 ° 15′E ) is a nunatak in the middle of Campbell Glacier , approximately 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) from its head , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Lhasa Nunatak ( 85 ° 7′S 171 ° 18′E ) is a narrow rock ridge , 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) long , trending in a northwest -- southeast direction between Snakeskin Glacier and Jensen Glacier , to the east of the Supporters Range , Antarctica .
The Gould Nunataks ( 66 ° 30′S 51 ° 42′E ) are a small group of nunataks about 18 nautical miles ( 33 km ) southeast of Mount Biscoe in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Isbul Point ( Bulgarian : нос Исбул , `` Nos Isbul '' \'nos is-'bul\ ) is a narrow rocky point projecting 600 m from the coast of Ray Promontory into Svishtov Cove in the northwest extremity of Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Alph River is a small river of Antarctica , running into Walcott Bay , Victoria Land .
Mount Eyskens ( 71 ° 32′S 35 ° 36′E ) is a large rock and ice massif rising to 2,300 metres ( 7,500 ft ) next northward of Mount Derom in the Queen Fabiola Mountains of Antarctica .
Marsh Spur ( 65 ° 53′S 62 ° 38′W ) is a spur in the eastern Voden Heights about 4.5 nautical miles ( 8 km ) south of Bildad Peak and 4.5 nautical miles west of Scar Inlet on the east side of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Kosar Point ( 71 ° 8′S 73 ° 7′W ) is a snow - covered headland forming the westernmost extremity of the Eroica Peninsula , situated in the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Benson Hills ( 70 ° 28′S 62 ° 17′W ) are a cluster of coastal hills near the head of Smith Inlet in Antarctica , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of Berry Massif on the east side of Palmer Land .
Cain Nunatak ( 63 ° 34′S 57 ° 42′W ) is the westernmost of two isolated nunataks on the south side of Broad Valley , situated 3.37 km east - northeast of Kumata Hill on Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica .
Garnerin Point ( 64 ° 41′S 62 ° 10′W ) is a point on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica , projecting into Wilhelmina Bay southeast of Pelseneer Island .
Finback Massif ( 65 ° 41′S 62 ° 25′W ) is a massif in Antarctica , rising to more than 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) between Stubb Glacier and Flask Glacier .
Gavin Ice Piedmont ( 63 ° 44′S 59 ° 0′W ) is an ice piedmont in Trinity Peninsula , Antarctica , about 15 nautical miles ( 30 km ) long and between 3 and 6 nautical miles ( 6 and 11 km ) wide , extending from Charcot Bay to Russell West Glacier .
Mandible Cirque ( 73 ° 7′S 169 ° 15′E ) is a cirque indenting the coast of Daniell Peninsula 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west - southwest of Cape Phillips , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Karpf Point ( 66 ° 54′S 64 ° 23′W ) is a point along the north side of Mill Inlet , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of Mount Vartdal , on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Kraut Rocks ( 76 ° 4′S 136 ° 11′W ) are a group of rock outcrops on the snow - covered , lower southwest slopes of the Mount Berlin massif , in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Ford Spur ( 84 ° 51′S 173 ° 50′E ) is a prominent spur which marks the southwestern extremity of Haynes Table , and the confluence of Keltie Glacier and Brandau Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Toney Mountain is an elongated snow - covered shield volcano , 60 km ( 38 mi ) long and rising to 3,595 m in Richmond Peak , located 56 km ( 35 mi ) SW of Kohler Range in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Russian Gap ( 69 ° 11′S 71 ° 13′W ) is a gap extending in a north - south direction between the Havre Mountains and Rouen Mountains , in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Atlantic Club Ridge ( Vrah Atlanticheski Klub \'vr&h a - tlan-'ti - che - ski ' klub\ ) is a ridge rising to 161 m on Hurd Peninsula in Eastern Livingston Island , Antarctica .
Kasumi Rock ( 68 ° 22′S 42 ° 14′E ) is a substantial rock exposure on the coast between Ichime Glacier and Kasumi Glacier in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Geodetic Glacier ( 77 ° 45′S 163 ° 47′E ) is a glacier flowing east from Bettle Peak along the north side of the Thomas Heights into Bowers Piedmont Glacier , on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Vund Point ( Bulgarian : нос Вунд , `` Nos Vund '' \'nos ' vund\ ) is the point forming the east extremity of Rugged Island off the west coast of Byers Peninsula of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mathura Refinery located in the city is one of the biggest oil refineries of Asia with 8.0 MMTPA refining capacity .
The Charybdis Icefalls ( 70 ° 51′S 161 ° 10′E ) are a large group of crevassed icefalls in the lower portion of Harlin Glacier , where it descends notably to join the Rennick Glacier at Victoria Land in Antarctica .
Horgebest Peak ( 72 ° 34′S 0 ° 27′E ) is a peak just east of Fred Cirque in the Roots Heights , in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Ice Tower Ridge ( 77 ° 32′S 167 ° 7′E ) is a ridge at about 3,540 metres ( 11,600 ft ) that descends the southwestern slope of the summit crater of Mount Erebus on Ross Island , Antarctica .
Buell Peninsula ( 70 ° 36′S 164 ° 24′E ) is an ice - covered peninsula terminating in Cape Williams , located between the lower ends of Lillie Glacier , George Glacier and Zykov Glacier , at the northwest end of the Anare Mountains , a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Faulkner Nunatak ( 69 ° 36′S 71 ° 42′W ) is a distinctive nunatak , about 200 metres ( 660 ft ) high , just west of Beagle Peak , in the Lassus Mountains , in the northwest part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Mount Takahe is a large , snow - covered shield volcano standing 64 km SE of Toney Mountain in Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Mount Frödin ( 64 ° 50′S 62 ° 50′W ) is a mountain , about 600 metres ( 2,000 ft ) high , rising 0.5 nautical miles ( 1 km ) east - southeast of Waterboat Point , Paradise Harbor , on Danco Coast , Antarctica .
Panagyurishte Nunatak ( Nunatak Panagyurishte \'nu - na - tak pa - na-'gyu - ri - shte\ ) is a rocky peak of elevation 150 m projecting from Yakoruda Glacier , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Spartacus Peak ( Vrah Spartak \'vr&h spar-'tak\ ) is an ice - covered 650 m peak in Delchev Ridge , Tangra Mountains , eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mellor Glacier is a tributary glacier , flowing northnortheast between Mount Newton and Mount Maguire and coalescing with Collins Glacier just prior to its junction with Lambert Glacier at Patrick Point , in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica .
The Caudal Hills ( 73 ° 10′S 161 ° 50′E ) are a group of hills situated within Victoria Land , Antarctica the hills lie between the Sequence Hills and the Lichen Hills on the western margin of upper Rennick Glacier .
Rosselin Glacier ( 69 ° 16′S 70 ° 53′W ) is a glacier flowing southwest from the southern extremity of the Rouen Mountains into Palestrina Glacier , situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Lame Dog Hut ( Bulgarian : Куцото куче , Kutsoto Kuche \'ku - tso - to ' ku - che\ ) is a building in St. Kliment Ohridski Base on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Hackerman Ridge ( 72 ° 39′S 167 ° 46′E ) is a large mountainous ridge trending north - south between Gruendler Glacier and Rudolph Glacier , in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
McCallum Pass ( 67 ° 23′S 68 ° 18′W ) is a pass between the northeast ridge of Mount Mangin and the ridge on the south side of Stonehouse Bay , in the southern part of Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
Hades Terrace is a steep , mainly ice - covered bluff along the east side of Campbell Glacier , situated just west of the Vulcan Hills in the Southern Cross Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Severinghaus Glacier ( 78 ° 40′S 85 ° 15′W ) is a glacier flowing southwestward from Karnare Col along the north side of Mount Strybing and the south side of Mount Craddock into Bender Glacier in southern Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Fur Seal Point , sometimes referred to as Fur Seal Beach , is a cape mid - way along the eastern coast of Clarence Island , the easternmost of the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Rumdoodle Peak , elevation 875 m ASL , is a small but prominent mountain in the north - western part of the North Masson Range in Antarctica , near Mawson Station .
Post Office Hill ( 77 ° 28′S 169 ° 14′E ) is a prominent hill in Antarctica , 430 m , standing 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of The Knoll and overlooking the Adelie penguin rookery of Cape Crozier , Ross Island .
Laird Glacier ( 84 ° 55′S 169 ° 55′E ) is a tributary glacier , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long , flowing northeast from the Supporters Range , Antarctica , to enter Keltie Glacier 4 nautical miles ( 7 km ) southeast of Ranfurly Point .
Mount Herschel is a conspicuous peak standing 2.6 km ( 1.6 mi ) northeast of Mount Peacock and overlooking the terminus of Ironside Glacier from the south , in the Admiralty Mountains , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Geddes is a cape which forms the northern end of the Ferguslie Peninsula on the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica .
Granite Spur ( 73 ° 30′S 94 ° 24′W ) is a rock spur along the north front of the Jones Mountains of Antarctica , 0.5 nautical miles ( 1 km ) west of Avalanche Ridge .
In 1938 Gdynia was the largest and most modern seaport on the Baltic Sea , as well as the tenth biggest in Europe .
Branscomb Peak is a small snowy prominence of elevation 4,520 metres ( 14,830 ft ) , the highest point of the ridge that forms the top of the main west face of Vinson Massif in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
The Elgar Uplands ( 69 ° 39′S 70 ° 43′W ) are uplands rising to 1,900 metres ( 6,200 ft ) , between Tufts Pass to the north and Sullivan Glacier to the south , in the northern part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Flounder Island ( 66 ° 1′S 65 ° 24′W ) is the largest of the Fish Islands at the north side of Holtedahl Bay , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Howard - Williams Point ( 81 ° 26′S 161 ° 25′E ) is a prominent point extending into the Ross Ice Shelf , located just north of Beaumont Bay , north east of the Surveyors Range , Antarctica .
Mount Kerckhove de Denterghem ( 72 ° 37′S 31 ° 8′E ) is a mountain , 2,400 metres ( 8,000 ft ) high , just north of Mount Collard in the Belgica Mountains of Antarctica .
Dusky Ledge ( 80 ° 2′S 156 ° 57′E ) is an area of relatively level exposed rock at about 1,100 metres ( 3,600 ft ) that forms the northern part of Dusky Ridge in the Britannia Range , Antarctica .
Harnish Creek ( 77 ° 37′S 163 ° 14′E ) is a meltwater stream , 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long , that flows north from the unnamed glacier east of Crescent Glacier into the east part of Lake Fryxell , Taylor Valley , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Greece ( ; , ) , officially the Hellenic Republic ( Greek : , ) and known since ancient times as Hellas (; Greek : , ) , is a country located in southeastern Europe .
Cape Westbrook ( 71 ° 50′S 75 ° 26′W ) is a snow - covered cape forming the southwest extremity of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Mesa Range ( 73 ° 11′S 162 ° 55′E ) is a range of flat - topped mesas comprising the Sheehan , Pain , Tobin and Gair Mesas , situated at the head of the Rennick Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Pine Island Glacier ( PIG ) is a large ice stream glacier , and the fastest melting glacier in Antarctica , responsible for about 25 % of Antarctica 's ice loss .
Cat Nunatak ( 77 ° 29′S 163 ° 29′E ) is a nunatak in Antarctica , midway between Vince Nunatak and Hogback Hill in the southern part of Wilson Piedmont Glacier , Victoria Land .
Handel Ice Piedmont ( 70 ° 20′S 71 ° 0′W ) is a large ice piedmont lying north and west of the Colbert Mountains , between Haydn Inlet and Schubert Inlet on the west - central coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Istindhalsen Saddle is an ice saddle between Istind Peak and the Grunehogna Peaks in the Ahlmann Ridge of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Amundsen Bay , also known as Ice Bay , is a long embayment 39 kilometres ( 24 mi ) wide , close west of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Mount Longhurst ( 79 ° 26′S 157 ° 18′E ) is a prominent mountain , 2,845 metres ( 9,330 ft ) high , standing west of Mill Mountain and forming the highest point of Festive Plateau in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica .
Emona Anchorage ( Zaliv Emona \'za - liv e-'mo - na\ ) is a roughly square embayment , the internal part of South Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica used as an anchorage for ships visiting the Bulgarian base St. Kliment Ohridski .
Mount Slaughter is an ice - free peak , rising to 3,600 m on a spur trending southwest from Opalchenie Peak on Vinson Plateau , Sentinel Range , in the Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Feeney Col ( 85 ° 37′S 155 ° 45′W ) is a col at the northeast side of Feeney Peak , near the center of the Medina Peaks in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Lyttleton ( 66 ° 24′S 65 ° 22′W ) is a conspicuous , almost entirely snow - covered mountain near the head of Cardell Glacier , on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica .
Astapenko Glacier ( 70 ° 40′S 163 ° 0′E ) is a glacier , 11 miles ( 18 km ) long , draining the north and northeast slopes of Stanwix Peak in the Bowers Mountains and flowing east - northeast to Ob ' Bay , situated in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Poynter Col ( 63 ° 49′S 59 ° 7′W ) is a snow - filled col , over 700 m high , joining Poynter Hill and Ivory Pinnacles in northern Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount Durham ( 85 ° 33′S 151 ° 12′W ) is a mainly ice - free mountain , 860 metres ( 2,820 ft ) high , standing at the east side of the mouth of Scott Glacier and marking the northwestern limit of the Tapley Mountains in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Gjelsvik Spur ( 79 ° 18′S 156 ° 19′E ) is a rock spur 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of Mount Ayres on the Butcher Ridge , in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica .
Mercury Glacier ( 71 ° 34′S 68 ° 14′W ) is a glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long and 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) wide , flowing east into George VI Sound between the Waitabit Cliffs and Keystone Cliffs .
The Beardmore Glacier in Antarctica is one of the largest valley glaciers in the world , being 200 km ( 125 mi ) long and having a width of 40 km ( 25 mi ) .
The Mahalak Bluffs ( 68 ° 17′S 65 ° 23′W ) are a discontinuous line of bluffs , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) long , on the north side of Solberg Inlet , Bowman Coast , Antarctica .
Bernard Island is a rocky island 400 m long lying 500 m east of the Petrel Island in the Géologie Archipelago of Antarctica .
Inan Peak ( 78 ° 20′S 162 ° 38′E ) is a peak rising to 2,451 metres ( 8,041 ft ) 1.15 miles ( 1.85 km ) west of Mount Kempe in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Dickey Peak ( 78 ° 19′S 84 ° 26′W ) is a rocky peak rising to 1504 m in the northwestern part of the Flowers Hills in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Kushla Peak ( Bulgarian : връх Кушла , `` Vrah Kushla '' \'vr&h ' kush - la\ ) is the peak rising to 2300 m in Veregava Ridge , central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains , Antarctica .
Ethelbald Bluff ( 70 ° 50′S 69 ° 3′W ) is a bluff composed of igneous rock forming the western end of the complex ridges trending west from Belemnite Point , Antarctica .
Keim Peak ( 70 ° 44′S 159 ° 52′E ) is a noteworthy pointed rock peak , 2,045 metres ( 6,710 ft ) high , on the southern spur of Pomerantz Tableland , in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica .
Zahari Point ( Nos Zahari \'nos za-'ha - ri\ ) is an ice - free point on the southwest coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the northwest side of the entrance to Micalvi Cove .
Mame Island is a small island lying 0.2 kilometres ( 0.1 nmi ) west of Ongul Island in the eastern part of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Horne Glacier ( 71 ° 17′S 164 ° 56′E ) is a valley glacier , 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) long , draining southwest from the Everett Range in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Knauff ( 71 ° 36′S 169 ° 49′E ) is a mountain that rises to over 1,000 metres ( 3,300 ft ) between Egeberg Glacier and the terminus of Dugdale Glacier on the Pennell Coast of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Jones Peninsula ( 71 ° 55′S 100 ° 50′W ) is an ice - covered peninsula 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of Hughes Peninsula in northwest Thurston Island , Antarctica .
Mount Swadener ( 77 ° 16′S 153 ° 45′W ) is a peak located in Edward VII Land , West Antarctica .
Titania Peak ( 71 ° 32′S 69 ° 25′W ) is a rock peak , rising to about 1,250 m , lying near the head of Uranus Glacier , 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) west - northwest of Mount Umbriel , situated in the central portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Labbé Rock ( 63 ° 17′S 57 ° 56′W ) is a rock lying about 0.7 nautical miles ( 1.3 km ) northwest of Largo Island in the Duroch Islands of Antarctica .
Reilly Ridge ( 71 ° 32′S 163 ° 18′E ) is a prominent rock ridge about 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) long on the northeast side of Lanterman Range , Bowers Mountains , Antarctica .
Holluschickie Bay ( 63 ° 59′S 58 ° 16′W ) is a bay on the west coast of James Ross Island , Antarctica , entered between Matkah Point and Kotick Point .
Oborishte Ridge ( Rid Oborishte \'rid o-'bo - ri - shte\ ) has an elevation of 340 m in the southwest extremity of Breznik Heights , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Rezovski Creek ( Bulgarian : Резовски поток \'re - zov - ski po-'tok\ ) is a melt - water stream located on Livingston Island , Antarctica .
La Count Mountain ( 78 ° 0′S 161 ° 44′E ) is a mostly ice - free mountain , 1,875 metres ( 6,150 ft ) high , forming the northern portion of the Battleship massif , located between Rotunda Glacier , Blankenship Glacier , and Ferrar Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Mount Pinafore ( 69 ° 46′S 70 ° 52′W ) is a prominent peak rising to about 1,100 m lying between Bartok Glacier and Sullivan Glacier situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Prelez Gap ( Bulgarian : седловина Прелез , `` Sedlovina Prelez '' \se - dlo - vi-'na ' pre - lez\ ) is the flat ice - covered saddle of elevation over 700 m on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica , which is linking Marescot Ridge to the northwest to Louis - Philippe Plateau to the southeast .
Raquelia Rocks is a group of three adjacent rocks in eastern South Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Atlantic Club Ridge halfway along the Zodiac boat route linking the Spanish Antarctic Base and the Bulgarian Antarctic Base on the island .
Svelten Peak is a sharp peak rising to 300 m on Hurd Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and surmounting False Bay to the southeast .
Indrehovdeholmen is an island lying 2.8 kilometres ( 1.5 nmi ) west of Langhovde - kita Point in the eastern part of Lützow - Holm Bay , Antarctica .
Larson Valley is a relatively smooth , ice - filled valley between the south end of Inferno Ridge and Mhire Spur in the Heritage Range , Antarctica .
Median Snowfield ( 83 ° 30′S 52 ° 30′W ) is a large snowfield in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica , between the Torbert Escarpment , in the Neptune Range , and the southern part of the Forrestal Range .
Merrick Point ( 74 ° 28′S 110 ° 9′W ) is an ice - covered point on the east side of Hamilton Ice Piedmont , Bear Peninsula , on the Walgreen Coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Zanoge Hill ( Bulgarian : хълм Заноге , `` Halm Zanoge '' \'h&lm za-'no - ge\ ) is the ice - covered hill rising to 710 m and forming the northwest extremity of Srednogorie Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount Wilbye ( 69 ° 30′S 71 ° 32′W ) is the highest peak ( about 2,050 metres ( 6,730 ft ) ) of the Lassus Mountains in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Turnpike Bluff ( 80 ° 44′S 30 ° 4′W ) is a conspicuous rock bluff at the southwest extremity of the Shackleton Range , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southwest of Mount Homard in Antarctica .
Leda Ridge ( 70 ° 52′S 68 ° 32′W ) is a ridge running in a northeast -- southwest direction lying on the west side of the Ganymede Heights , east of Jupiter Glacier , on the east side of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
The Murray River ( or River Murray ) is Australia 's longest river , at 2,508 kilometres ( 1,558 mi ) in length .
Lokey Peak ( 71 ° 50′S 64 ° 6′W ) is a small , sharp peak , or nunatak , standing at the southeastern extremity of the Guthridge Nunataks , in the Gutenko Mountains of central Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Kennar Valley ( 77 ° 46′S 160 ° 25′E ) is a small valley , ice free except for a lobe of ice marginal to Taylor Glacier at the mouth , located west of Finger Mountain in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Negra Point is the ice - free tipped point on the southwest coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica forming the southeast side of the entrance to Mitchell Cove .
Lilienthal Island is one of the Donovan Islands , lying just north of Glasgal Island in Vincennes Bay , Antarctica .
Dunn Spur ( 86 ° 21′S 147 ° 22′W ) is a prominent rock spur which descends from Mount Blackburn and extends for 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) along the north side of Van Reeth Glacier , in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Lira ( 67 ° 52′S 48 ° 53′E ) is a mountain located 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) east of the Condon Hills , in Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Cherepish Ridge ( Cherepishki Rid \che - re-'pish - ki ' rid\ ) is a narrow rocky 1.1 km ridge rising to 650 m. The ridge runs in the south to north direction from the north of Intuition Peak , in the Tangra Mountains of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Gommen Valley ( 73 ° 53′S 5 ° 17′W ) is an ice - filled valley between Tunga Spur and Kuven Hill , near the southwest end of the Kirwan Escarpment in Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Tazieff Rocks ( 77 ° 27′S 166 ° 30′E ) is a nunatak in Antarctica 0.8 nautical miles ( 1.5 km ) southeast of Micou Point , Ross Island .
Lake Joyce ( 77 ° 43′S 161 ° 38′E ) is a lake which lies along the northern side of Taylor Glacier in Pearse Valley , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Spartan Glacier ( 71 ° 3′S 68 ° 20′W ) is a short valley glacier lying between Callisto Cliffs and Tombaugh Cliffs on the east side of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Indian Rocks is a group of rocks in eastern Hero Bay on the north side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Finley Glacier ( 73 ° 35′S 165 ° 38′E ) is a tributary glacier which drains the northwest slopes of Mount Monteagle and flows north into the upper part of Icebreaker Glacier , in the Mountaineer Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Ocoa Point is a steep headland backed by raised beach terraces at the head of New Plymouth harbour in Byers Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Oakley Glacier ( 73 ° 42′S 166 ° 08′E ) , is a glacier in the Mountaineer Range that descends east from Mount Casey to merge with the floating tongue from the Icebreaker Glacier at Lady Newnes Bay , in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Cape Hammersly ( 66 ° 28′S 115 ° 3′E ) is an ice - covered cape midway between Williamson Glacier and Totten Glacier on Budd Coast , Antarctica .
Lekor or Keropok lekor is a traditional Malay fish cracker snack originated from the state of Terengganu , Malaysia .
Global National is the English language flagship national newscast of Canada 's Global Television Network .
NHL Tonight ( formerly NHL on the Fly ) is the flagship show on the NHL Network in Canada and the United States .
Bondi Tsunami is a 2004 feature length Australian indie film directed by Rachael Lucas , inspired by young Japanese tourists who come to Australia on working holiday visas in search of sun and surf .
Melodifestivalen 2008 was the 47th Melodifestivalen , and the selection process for the 48th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest .
Though Birdcage Inn was not successful in the director 's native country , South Korea , it was his first film which succeeded in attracting international attention .
Red Devil Energy Drink is a premium energy drink brand that was formulated in Netherlands in 1995 .
Living in Your Car is a Canadian television comedy - drama series that debuted on May 7 , 2010 on HBO Canada .
Feminine Masculinity ( Chinese : 先生貴性 ) , also known as Mr. Diana , is a 1999 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB .
Bow Barracks Forever is a 2004 Indian film directed by Anjan Dutt about Anglo - Indians and their difficulties in retaining their identity since the end of British India .
Guma Guma Super Star aka PGGSS is an annual Rwanda reality singing competition show like no other .
Coal House is a Welsh television series made by Indus Films for BBC Wales , and broadcast on BBC One Wales , with a subsequent UK wide repeat of both series on BBC Four .
Gliding On was a popular television sit - com in New Zealand in the early 1980s .
Based on the children 's novel by celebrated South Australian author ' Colin Thiele ' , this is an emotional father and son story about tuna fishing of Southern Blue Fin tuna in South Australia 's Port Lincoln fishing district .
The Blue Rose is a New Zealand crime drama television series , which was created by Rachel Lang and James Griffin and produced by South Pacific Pictures .
Iba - Balita Ngayon was the first noontime newscast of Studio 23 in the Philippines pitting up against GMA News TV 's Balitanghali .
The Hiroshima Witness program was produced in 1986 by the Hiroshima Peace Cultural Center and NHK , the public broadcasting company of Japan .
Urnebes ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урнебес ) ( translation : disorder , mess ) is a type of salad characteristic of Serbian cuisine prominent in the city of Niš and southern Serbia .
Guts of Man ( Traditional Chinese : 肝膽崑崙 ) , also called Courageous Kunlun , was a Hong Kong TVB costume action series produced by Tommy Leung Choi Yuen .
Latvijas Vēstnesis ( The Latvian Messenger ) is the public journal of the Republic of Latvia .
Beyond Invention is an 8-part documentary television series that premiered on February 12 , 2004 on Discovery Channel Canada and , as of 2007 , airs on the Science Channel .
Seyran Ateş ( born 20 April 1963 ) is a German lawyer and Muslim feminist born in Istanbul , Turkey of Kurdish descent .
Olvi Cola ( formerly Classic Cola ) is a cola soft drink manufactured by Olvi in Finland .
Kailangan Kita ( I Need You ) , a 2002 film in the Philippines that tackles a beautiful love story shot in the province of Bicol .
Goodbye Pork Pie is a 1981 New Zealand film directed by Geoff Murphy and written by Geoff Murphy and Ian Mune .
The Blood Rose opened in France on September 25 , 1970 .
Clara Sheller is a French television series created by Nicolas Mercier after the idea of Stéphanie Tchou - Cotta that was aired from 18 May 2005 to 3 December 2008 on France 2 .
Rica - rica or sometimes simply called rica is a type of hot and spicy bumbu ( spice mixture ) found in Manado cuisine of North Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Morlacco or Morlacco di Grappa cheese originates from Mount Grappa ( provinces of Vicenza , Treviso , and Belluno in Italy ) where cheesemakers once produced a soft cow 's milk cheese , low in fat , with an uncooked curd that was named after their native region :
Chhena gaja ( Odia : ଛେନାଗଜା , chēnāgajā ) is a sweet dish from Odisha , India .
L'Affaire Louis ' Trio ( L'ALT for short ) were an art pop band from Lyon , France .
Cosmos Music Group ( formerly Bonnier Amigo Music Group ( BAMG ) ) is an independent record company based in Stockholm , Sweden .
`` Neem Ka Ped '' tells the story of a `` asami '' i.e. tenant / serf and labourer and his landlord master , story starting in pre - independent India and ending in post independent India , showing the vagaries of both the feudal and democratic systems in India with its darker side .
Kisaan ( Hindi : किसान Kisān ) is a 2009 Bollywood film directed by Puneet Sira . , which focuses on Farmers ' suicides in India Its title is Hindi for `` farmer '' .
Honey dill is a condiment consisting of honey , mayonnaise , and dried dill that is unique to Manitoba , Canada .
Krechek or krecek or sambal goreng krechek is a traditional Javanese cattle skin spicy stew dish from Yogyakarta and Central Java , Indonesia .
The Day the Sky Exploded was shown in Rome , Italy in September 1958 .
Debate with Mare at Pare ( Debate With Mare And Pare ) is a highly watched open debate show in the Philippines .
Pan de muerto ( Spanish for bread of the dead ) , also called pan de los muertos or dead bread in the United States , is a type of sweet roll traditionally baked in Mexico during the weeks leading up to the Día de Muertos , which is celebrated on November 1 and 2 .
The Day of Days is a 2013 Hong Kong television period - drama serial produced by TVB under producer Leung Choi - yuen .
Sofia 's Last Ambulance ( a co - production of Germany , Bulgaria , and Croatia ) is a feature - length observational documentary film by Bulgarian director Ilian Metev .
The Mutschel is a traditional star - shaped bread from Reutlingen , Germany .
Latvijas Avīze ( English : Latvia 's Newspaper ) is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia , published in Riga .
Provjereno showcases investigative journalism reports which focus on social and political problems in Croatia , but is also well known for its experimental reports and occasionally more light - hearted segments .
Grease Is the Word was the United Kingdom version of NBC 's Grease :
The Other Truth is a 2011 Hong Kong television legal drama serial produced by Amy Wong and TVB .
He Has Nothing But Kung Fu ( Chinese : 功夫小子 ) is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lau Kar - wing , starring Gordon Liu and Wong Yue .
The AK-74 M would have been adopted by the Soviet Union as the standard service rifle , and has been accepted as the new service rifle of the Russian Federation with some AK-74Ms featuring a Picatinny rail for easier mounting of optics that lack a side - rail mount .
In Indonesia , Kolak is one the most favorite dessert for Iftar during the holy month of Ramadan , as it is sweet , filling , and very easy to make .
Each episode features the host of Dream Destinations going to a different places within India , and exploring the geography and culture of the areas .
The Bâton à feu , or Baston à feu ( French for `` Fire stick '' ) , is a type of hand cannon developed in the 14th century in Western Europe .
Where the Legend Begins is a 2002 Hong Kong television series produced by TVB .
Invisible Target ( Chinese : 男兒本色 ) is a 2007 Hong Kong action film written , produced and directed by Benny Chan .
Crow Mother is a progressive rock band from Riga ( Latvia ) that was formed in 2012 .
Muhallebi also known as Muhallabia , Mahallebi or Mahallepi ( in Turkish , meaning custard , Greek : Μαχαλλεπί ( Mahallepi ) ) is a creamy pudding , similar to blancmange , in the cuisines of Cyprus and Turkey .
Le Palais des Thés is a tea production company based in France .
Mundane History centres on the friendship that develops between a young paralysed man from a wealthy Bangkok family and his male nurse from Isan in the North of Thailand .
Ben Shewry ( born 1977 ) is a New Zealand - born chef and owner of Attica restaurant .
Daughters of Darkness ( in France , Les Lèvres rouges , and in Belgium , Le Rouge aux lèvres , both literally translated as The Red Lips ; in Dutch , Dorst Naar Bloed , meaning `` Blood Thirst '' ) is a 1971 Belgian horror film ( with dialogue in English ) , directed by Harry Kümel .
When Maryam Spoke Out ( Arabic : لمّا حكيت مريم Lamma hikyit maryam‎ ) is a 2001 Lebanese film directed by Assad Fouladkar and based on a true event that happened in Lebanon .
Grievous Bodily Harm grossed $ 82,267 at the box office in Australia .
Sentro ( Filipino word for `` center '' ) was an evening news broadcast of Associated Broadcasting Company in the Philippines anchored by Martin Andanar .
Glitter Force , known in Japan as Smile PreCure ! ( Japanese : スマイルプリキュア ! Hepburn : Sumairu PuriKyua ! , lit . `` Smile Pretty Cure ! '' ) , is a 2012 Japanese television anime series by Toei Animation and the ninth installment in Izumi Todo 's Pretty Cure franchise .
Exterminators of the Year 3000 was shot in Italy and Spain by director Giuliano Carnimeo who is credited under the name Jules Harrison .
Murun Buchstansangur was a series of animated shorts produced by Bevanfield Films for the TV station Channel 4 in the United Kingdom .
In each season of Körslaget , seven known musicians from Sweden start their own choirs with 20 members in each .
CTV Morning Live is the name of the local morning newscasts airing on CTV 's owned - and - operated stations in Western Canada , specifically , Vancouver , Calgary , Edmonton , Saskatoon and Regina and , Winnipeg as well as on CTV Two stations in Ottawa and Atlantic Canada .
Rammstein headlined a 17-show tour of Germany in December , which did much to boost the band 's popularity and establish them as a credible live act .
Feng Shui Family ( Chinese : 風水世家 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Hong - suí Sè - ka ) is a Taiwanese - language television drama that began airing on Formosa TV in Taiwan on 17 July 2012 .
DigiListan is a Swedish radio programme in SR P3 airing the top singles sold electronically to computers , mobile phones and other kinds of media players in Sweden ( downloaded music ) .
The Hindu said Daawat - e - Ishq was a `` potent recipe '' , and Times of India gave a 4.0 rating .
Mooh Boli Shaadi is an Indian television romantic - drama soap opera which premiered on 23 February 2015 aired on Sony Entertainment Television India .
Off the Edge is a 1976 New Zealand documentary film directed by Michael Firth .
Rapper sword ( also known as the `` Short Sword '' dance ) is a variation of sword dance that emerged from the pit villages of Tyneside in North East England , where miners first performed the tradition .
In addition to the Soviet Union and Russia , the DShK has been manufactured under license by a number of countries , including the People 's Republic of China , Pakistan and Romania .
Screaming Masterpiece ( Gargandi snilld in Icelandic ) is a 2005 documentary film directed and written by Ari Alexander Ergis Magnússon about the music scene in Iceland .
Going by the Book was released in South Korea on 18 October 2007 , and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 464,699 admissions .
Smith & Smith has aired in reruns on TV Land Canada .
Carts of Darkness is a 2008 National Film Board of Canada documentary film by Murray Siple about a group of homeless men in the city of North Vancouver , who use shopping carts to collect bottles and cans to return for money and also race down the city 's steep slope for thrills .
Gogs ! , or simply Gogs , is a claymation - style animated television series which takes the form of a sitcom , originally aired on Welsh television in 1993 , and aired to the rest of the United Kingdom on the BBC in 1996 .
Hunkeler macht Sachen is a 2008 Swiss German language television film that was filmed and produced at locations in Switzerland and in France .
Viru Valge is a vodka produced in Estonia by Liviko .
During World War I , when the Netherlands was officially neutral , Holdert 's French sympathies and his pro - British standpoint caused De Telegraaf to be the focus of some controversy , as the Netherlands were usually pro - German at the time .
Memelas are fried or toasted cakes made of masa topped with different fresh ingredients eaten as antojitos or snacks in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico which has its origins in Prehispanic food .
Pathia is a form of curry predominantly available in the curry houses of the United Kingdom .
Fan Pan Tae ( แฟนพันธุ์แท้ ) is a quiz show of Thailand .
The movie was released in Canada in 1991 , under the Black Pearls name , but was not released in the United States until 1994 , where it was released directly to video by Imperial Entertainment under the Fearless Tiger name .
Tesyn is a type of smoked Goat 's milk cheese from Cornwall in the United Kingdom .
13-year - old Riyaz ( Amit Phalke ) lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay , India , with his grandmother , Fayyuzi ( Surekha Sikri ) , and her sister , Mehmooda Begum alias Mammo ( Farida Jalal ) .
Housewives ' Holiday ( simplified Chinese : 煮妇的假期 ) is a Singaporean Chinese drama , which was telecasted on Singapore 's free - to - air channel , MediaCorp Channel 8 .
Curse of the Royal Harem ( Traditional Chinese : 萬凰之王 ; literally `` The King Among Ten Thousand Phoenixes '' ) is a 2011 Hong Kong period drama produced by TVB under executive producer Chong Wai - kin .
Daddy Good Deeds ( Traditional Chinese : 當旺爸爸 ) is a Hong Kong television comedy serial produced by TVB featuring Ha Yu , Steven Ma , Linda Chung , Evergreen Mak , Nancy Wu , Edwin Siu , Cilla Kung , and Chow Chung .
The Human Vapor , known in Japan as Gas Human No . 1 ( ガス人間第一号 Gasu Ningen dai Ichi - gō ) , is a tokusatsu film produced and released by Toho Studios in 1960 .
The premise of Oz and Hugh Drink to Christmas is Clarke and Dennis ' tasting experience throughout the United Kingdom sampling a variety or beverages `` Christmas tipple '' traditionally associated with the holiday season .
Julie Goodwin ( born 31 October 1970 ) is an Australian cook and singer who came to public attention when she won the inaugural season of MasterChef Australia in 2009 , defeating artist Poh Ling Yeow in the final .
Songsoptok ( Bengali : সংশপ্তক Shôngshôptôk ) is a drama serial which aired on Bangladesh Television .
Är du kär i mej ännu Klas - Göran ? is a song written by Stig `` Stikkan Andersson , and a Lill - Babs recording became a major hit song in Sweden in 1959 .
Also during the 1970s , Adelaide television station ADS-7 produced their own version of The Penthouse Club with Bob Francis , Anne Wills and Sandy Roberts - with the program and presenters winning a number of TV Week Logie Awards for popularity in South Australia .
Rajaton performs primarily in Finland but also tours around Europe and the rest of the world , having performed in over 25 countries .
Atlántico Diario is a Spanish language daily newspaper for the Vigo metropolitan area of Galicia in Spain .
Air Aces is a Cineflix produced series that airs on History channel in Canada .
Polska Zbrojna ( Armed Poland ) is a weekly magazine on military and military history , published in Poland .
Aamar Bhuvan is a 2002 Bengali film directed by Mrinal Sen. The film depicts a place of India where people live peacefully and love each other despite the hatred and violence that scars the rest of the nation .
Sarkarnama ( Marathi : सरकारनामा ) is a Marathi film directed by Shrabani Deodhar released in India in 1998 .
Kabloonak was released theatrically on September 16 , 1994 in Canada .
Karnadi Anemer Bangkong ( English : Karnadi the Frog Contractor ; also known as Karnadi Tangkep Bangkong , meaning Karnadi Catches Frogs ) is a 1930 comedy from the Dutch East Indies directed by G. Krugers .
Boiron ( Euronext : BOI ) is a manufacturer of homeopathic products , headquartered in France and with an operating presence in 59 countries worldwide .
Bujang Lapok Kembali Daa , or The Return of the Three Bachelors is a 1986 Malaysia comedy film directed , written and acted in by Aziz Sattar .
Headquartered in Vantaa , Finland , Suunto employs more than 300 people worldwide , and its products are sold in over 100 countries .
Pan mee ( Chinese : 板麺 , pronounced as ban mian ) is a Hakka - style noodle , originating from Malaysia .
Lur Berri is a cooperative food company in southwest France , created in 1936 .
MegaMan NT Warrior , known in Japan as Rockman . EXE ( ロックマンエグゼ Rokkuman Eguze ) , is an anime and manga series based on Capcom 's Mega Man Battle Network video game series , part of the Mega Man franchise .
Ruse of Engagement ( Chinese : 叛逃 ; Jyutping : Bun6 Tou4 ; literally `` The Traitor Escapes '' ) is a Hong Kong action crime television drama produced by TVB .
According to Box Office India , Bandook fails completely at boxoffice and termed as disaster .
Die Männer der Emden is a 2012 German film directed and co - written by Berengar Pfahl that is an account of members of the crew of SMS Emden making their way back to Germany after the Battle of Cocos .
After the Ballot ( Original French title : Chers électeurs ) is a documentary film by Manuel Foglia , produced by the National Film Board of Canada .
And the Big Men Fly is an Australia - based play by Alan Hopgood , written in 1963 .
Bio Zombie ( simplified Chinese : 生化寿尸 ; traditional Chinese : 生化壽屍 ; pinyin : Shēng Huà Shòu Shī ; Jyutping : Sang1 Faa3 Sau6 Si1 ) is a 1998 Hong Kong zombie comedy film , starring Jordan Chan .
Heart of Dragon , released in the United Kingdom as Heart of the Dragon , is a 1985 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Sammo Hung , who also starred in the lead role .
The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne is a 22-episode science fiction television series in the steampunk genre that first aired in June 2000 on CBC Television in Canada .
Salyut 1 ( DOS-1 ) ( Russian : Салют-1 ; English translation : Salute 1 ) was the first space station of any kind , launched by the Soviet Union on April 19 , 1971 .
Minties is a brand of confectionery originating in Australia and manufactured in both Australia and New Zealand for their respective markets .
Gudeg is a traditional Javanese cuisine from Yogyakarta and Central Java , Indonesia .
The Inbetweeners 2 was released on 6 August 2014 in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland , to positive reception from critics .
Kaeng pa ( Thai : แกงป่า , pronounced ( kɛ̄ːŋ pàː ) , lit . `` forest curry '' or `` jungle curry '' ) is a variety of Thai curry from the forested areas of northern Thailand .
Grantig was a metal band from Munich , Germany .
Servair is a subsidiary of the French airline Air France , specialised in airline catering .
The Pergaminho Sharrer ( Portuguese : ( pɨɾɣɐˈmiɲu ˈʃaʁɛɾ ) ; Galician : Pergamiño Sharrer ; IPA : ( peɾɣaˈmiɲo ˈʃareɾ ) , Sharrer Parchment ) is the name given to a mediaeval parchment fragment containing seven songs by King Dinis I of Portugal , with lyrics in the Galician - Portuguese language and musical notation .
The winner of Total Drama World Tour is Alejandro in Canada , while Heather is the runner - up .
Return Home grossed $ 60,000 at the box office in Australia , .
First published on 5 March 1876 , Corriere della Sera is one of Italy 's oldest newspapers .
The History of a Crime ( French : Histoire d'un crime , 1877 ) is an essay by Victor Hugo about Napoleon III 's takeover of France .
Eva del Edén is a Peruvian television drama , the story is set in Lima , Peru in 1540s during Spanish colonial regime .
Little Big Star is a singing contest aired every Saturday afternoon on ABS - CBN in the Philippines and internationally on The Filipino Channel .
Maaf , Saya Menghamili Istri Anda ( Sorry , I 've Impregnated Your Wife ) is a 2007 Indonesia film written and directed by Monty Tiwa .
Tutto tutto niente niente is an Italian film starring comedian Antonio Albanese as his famous character Cetto La Qualunque , a sleazy Southern Italy politician .
Fleurs d'amour , fleurs d'amitié was a Canadian variety television series which aired on Radio - Canada in 1968 .
Mr. Bean is a British sitcom created by Rowan Atkinson and Richard Curtis , and starring Atkinson in the title role .
The Portrait of Folco Portinari is a painting by the German painter Hans Memling , dating to c. 1490 .
A Private View at the Royal Academy , 1881 is a painting by the English artist William Powell Frith exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts in London in 1883 .
Large Arch is an outdoor sculpture by British sculptor Henry Moore .
Women in the Prison is an 1899 painting by Hungarian painter Ottó Baditz .
Monument to Balzac is a sculpture by Auguste Rodin in memory of the French novelist Honoré Balzac .
Following the end of Upstairs , Downstairs in 1975 there were many ideas for spin - offs , and the idea for Thomas & Sarah was originally given the name In Confidence by Alfred Shaughnessy and John Hawkesworth .
Lady Mechanika is a steampunk comic created by comic artist Joe Benitez .
Sleeping Girl is a 1964 oil and Magna on canvas pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein .
Jean Wauquelin presenting his ' Chroniques de Hainaut ' to Philip the Good is a presentation miniature believed to have been painted by the Flemish artist Rogier van der Weyden ( or if not actually from his hand then certainly by his workshop to his designs ) .
The Equestrian Portrait of Prince Balthasar Charles is a 1635 equestrian portrait of Balthasar Charles , Prince of Asturias by Diego Velázquez .
Mountains at Collioure is a 1905 painting by French painter André Derain .
John Carter of Mars is a fictional Virginian transported to Mars , and the initial protagonist of Edgar Rice Burroughs ' Barsoom stories .
Pepper No . 30 is one of the best - known photographs taken by Edward Weston .
The Altarpiece of the Saints John is a painting by Bernat Martorell conserved at the National Art Museum of Catalonia .
The Bridge in Curve is a 1930 painting by Australian artist Grace Cossington Smith .
The The Gallant Lords of Bois - Doré ( fr . : Les beaux messieurs de Bois - Doré ) is a 1976 film adaption of the historical novel by George Sand directed by Bernard Borderie .
The Titan 's Goblet is an oil painting by the English - born American landscape artist Thomas Cole .
Memory 99 is an outdoor steel sculpture by Lee Kelly , located at the North Park Blocks in downtown Portland , Oregon .
The Five laws of library science is a theory proposed by S. R. Ranganathan in 1931 , detailing the principles of operating a library system .
Decemviri Altarpiece ( Italian : Pala dei Decemviri ) is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Pietro Perugino , executed in 1495 - 1496 , and housed in the Pinacoteca Vaticana in Rome .
Woman in a Red Armchair is a painting by artist Pablo Picasso .
Kesslers Knigge ( English title : Kessler 's Etiquette ) is a German comedy series starring Michael Kessler as himself as in the title .
Apparition of the Virgin of the Pillar to Saint James and his Saragossan disciples is a 1768 - 69 painting by Francisco de Goya .
Luxe , Calme et Volupté is an oil painting by the French artist Henri Matisse .
Rinzen is an sculpture by Antoni Tàpies conserved at MACBA , the Contemporary Art Museum of Barcelona .
Paula 's Party is a show on the Food Network hosted by Paula Deen .
On the Threshold of Liberty ( in French , Au seuil de la liberté ) refers to two oil on canvas paintings by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte .
1.26 is a public art sculpture commission designed by artist Janet Echelman for Denver 's inaugural Biennial of the Americas celebration in July 2010 .
Miami Vice is an American television crime drama series created by Anthony Yerkovich and produced by Michael Mann for NBC .
The Cemetery ( in Swedish : Kyrkogården ) is an 1877 painting by Swedish artist Carl Fredrik Hill .
Triptych , 1976 is a large triptych painted by the British artist Francis Bacon in 1976 .
The Pastoral Concert , Fête champêtre or Le Concert champêtre is an oil painting of c. 1509 attributed to either of the Italian Renaissance masters , Titian ( more usually today ) or Giorgione .
Eight Elvises is a 1963 silkscreen painting by American pop artist Andy Warhol .
The series starred the actor Ernie Coombs as `` Mr. Dressup . ''
The name `` Further - eastern European Time '' seems to have come from work on the tz database .
Deputy Dawg is a Terrytoons cartoon character featured on the animated television series of the same name .
LightShed is a 2004 sculpture by Liz Magor , located on the seawall of Harbour Green Park in the Coal Harbour neighborhood of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Woman with Flowered Hat is a 1963 pop art painting with Magna on canvas by Roy Lichtenstein .
Butcher 's Shop is the title of two paintings by the Italian Baroque painter Annibale Carracci , both dating from the early 1580s .
Gunsmoke is an American radio and television Western drama series created by director Norman Macdonnell and writer John Meston .
Wallace and Gromit is a British clay animation comedy series created by Nick Park of Aardman Animations .
Timbits is the brand name of a bite - sized confectionery sold at the Canadian - based franchise Tim Hortons .
The V&A Rotunda Chandelier ( often known as V&A Chandelier and originally called Ice Blue and Spring Green Chandelier ) is a glass sculpture by Dale Chihuly .
The Trivulzio Madonna is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Andrea Mantegna , executed in 1497 .
The Dame Edna Treatment was a British , ITV talk show created by Barry Humphries and starring his characters Dame Edna Everage and Sir Les Patterson .
French in Action is a French language course , developed by Professor Pierre Capretz of Yale University .
The Tomb of Pope Julius II is a sculptural and architectural ensemble by Michelangelo and his assistants , originally commissioned in 1505 but not completed until 1545 on a much reduced scale .
The Division is an American crime drama television series created by Deborah Joy LeVine and starring Bonnie Bedelia .
Live from Abbey Road Limited is an independent production company formed by the series '' producer , Michael Gleason .
John Byrne 's Next Men ( also known as Next Men or JBNM ) is a comic book series written and drawn by John Byrne .
Life Underground ( 2001 ) is a permanent public artwork created by American sculptor Tom Otterness for the 14th Street --
Gideon 's Way is a British television crime series made by ITC Entertainment and broadcast for ITV in 1965/66 , based on the novels by John Creasey ( as J. J. Marric ) .
Commissaire Moulin ( English : Police Commissioner Moulin ) is a French television series created by Paul Andréota and Claude Boissol and starring Yves Rénier as the titular character , Commissaire Jean - Paul Moulin .
The LilyPond project was started in 1996 by Han - Wen Nienhuys and Jan Nieuwenhuizen , after they decided to abandon work on MPP ( MusiXTeX PreProcessor ) , a project they began collaborating on in 1995 .
Portrait of Christina of Denmark was painted with oil on oak panel by Hans Holbein the Younger in 1538 .
The Daughters of Edward Darley Boit ( originally titled Portraits d'enfants ) is a painting by John Singer Sargent .
The Derby Day is a large oil painting showing a panoramic view of the Epsom Derby , painted by William Powell Frith over 15 months from 1856 to 1858 .
Yellow Odalisque is the title of two paintings by Henri Matisse :
The Phantom is a long - running American adventure comic strip , first published by Mandrake the Magician creator Lee Falk in February 1936 .
Ambroży Kleks , commonly referred to as Pan Kleks ( Mr. Inkblot ) , is a fictional character in a series of books by Polish writer Jan Brzechwa .
A Lady Writing a Letter ( also known as A Lady Writing ; Dutch : Schrijvend meisje ) is an oil painting attributed to 17th century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer .
Series creator Matt Groening said he suggested that Kavner voice Patty and Selma as characters who `` suck the life out of everything .... ''
The Four Apostles is a panel painting by the German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer .
Ascent of the Blessed is a Hieronymus Bosch painting made after 1490 .
The Embarkation for Cythera ( `` L'Embarquement pour Cythère '' ) is a painting by the French painter Jean - Antoine Watteau .
The Yellow Christ ( in French : Le Christ jaune ) is a painting executed by Paul Gauguin in autumn 1889 in Pont - Aven .
Marlene Marlowe Investigates is a short - lived BBC children 's programme based on the book by Roy Apps about an incompetent detective and her many adventures .
Girl in Red Tights ( c. 1948 ) is a painting by Australian artist Constance Stokes .
Hangin ' with Mr. Cooper was produced by Jeff Franklin Productions , in association with Warner Bros. Television ( it was produced by Lorimar Television for the first season only , before it was absorbed by Warner Bros. ) , and also became produced by Bickley - Warren Productions by the third season .
The Secret Life of Machines is an educational television series presented by Tim Hunkin and Rex Garrod , in which the two explain the inner workings and history of common household and office machinery .
Portrait of Giovanni di Nicolao Arnolfini is a small c. 1438 portrait by Jan van Eyck believed to be the same person as in the famous 1434 Arnolfini Portrait due to the similarities of facial features .
Game of Bowls is a 1908 painting by the French artist Henri Matisse .
The Return of the Dove to the Ark is a painting by Sir John Everett Millais , completed in 1851 .
Candaules , King of Lydia , Shews his Wife by Stealth to Gyges , One of his Ministers , as She Goes to Bed , also known as The Imprudence of Candaules , is a 45.1 by 55.9 cm ( 17.8 by 22.0 in ) oil painting on canvas by English artist William Etty , first exhibited in 1830 .
CNN World News , a program that airs on CNN International and CNN International Asia Pacific .
Pecado de Amor ( 1995 - -1996 ) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venevisión .
My Spy Family is a live action family comedy series created by Paul Alexander that is being aired on :
Garfield and Friends is an American animated television series based on the comic strip Garfield by Jim Davis .
The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis ( also known as simply Dobie Gillis or Max Shulman 's Dobie Gillis in later seasons and in syndication ) is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from September 29 , 1959 , to June 5 , 1963 .
Neues aus Büttenwarder is a German TV Series which airs on Norddeutscher Rundfunk and was created by Norbert Eberlein .
Portrait of Madame Récamier is an 1800 portrait of the Parisian socialite Juliette Récamier by Jacques - Louis David showing her in the height of Neoclassical fashion , reclining on an Directoire style sofa in a simple Empire line dress with almost bare arms , and short hair `` à la Titus '' .
The Funeral of the Anarchist Galli ( Il Funerale dell’anarchico Galli ) is a painting by Italian painter Carlo Carrà .
Judith and the Head of Holofernes ( also known as Judith I ) is an oil painting by Gustav Klimt created in 1901 .
MacGruder and Loud is an American crime drama from Aaron Spelling Productions that aired on ABC in 1985 .
Three Act Tragedy is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie first published in the United States by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1934 under the title Murder in Three Acts and in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in January 1935 under Christie 's original title .
The School of Panamerican Unrest ( La Escuela Panamericana del Desasosiego ) is a conceptual art project led by Mexican artist Pablo Helguera .
A Visit from the Old Mistress is an 1876 painting by American artist Winslow Homer .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone for the Comedy Central television network .
The Mond Crucifixion ( or Crocifissione Gavari ; both names are after former owners ) is a painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael .
Water Sky Garden is a sculptural environment designed by artist Janet Echelman .
Danilo Palomer Santiago ( born November 27 , 1951 ) is a Full - time Filipino Eclectic painter , professor and Department Chair of University of Santo Tomas - College of Fine Arts and Design ( UST - CFAD ) , Painting Department .
Garry M. Gaber is a game designer , director , project leader , artist , writer and programmer who worked on a number of notable LucasArts Video Games from 1994 through 2003 .
Jeffrey Meikle is an American cultural historian and historian of design , and a Professor in the American Studies and American Civilization Programs of the University of Texas at Austin .
Jon Sopel ( Jonathan B. Sopel , born 22 May 1959 in London , England ) is a British television presenter and correspondent for the BBC 's international news channel , BBC World News , currently serving as the North America Editor for the BBC .
Helmut Krcmar ( born December 16 , 1954 in Hanau , Germany ) holds the Chair for Information Systems , Department of Informatics at the Technische Universität München ( TUM ) , Germany since 2002 with a joint appointment to TUM Business School .
Jeff Broin ( born August 25 , 1965 ) is the founder of U.S .- based POET , LLC , a producer of ethanol and other biorefined products .
Thomas Benton Cooley ( June 23 , 1871 -- October 13 , 1945 ) was an American pediatrician and hematologist and professor of hygiene and medicine at the University of Michigan and Wayne State University .
Lois Haibt is an American computer scientist , and is perhaps most famous for being a member of the ten - person team at IBM that developed FORTRAN , the first successful high level programming language .
Born in Stuttgart in 1900 , Gustav Riek was an archaeologist from the University of Tübingen who worked with the SS Ahnenerbe in their excavations , and led the team that excavated the Heuneburg Tumulus burial mounds in 1937 .
Ellen Margrethe Løj ( born 17 October 1948 in Gedesby , Denmark ) is the Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Mission in South Sudan ( UNMISS ) .
Charles Larmore ( born 23 March 1950 in Baltimore , MD ) is the W. Duncan MacMillan Family Professor of the Humanities and Professor of Philosophy at Brown University .
Candido Cannavò ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkandido kannaˈvɔ ) ; 29 November 1930 -- 22 February 2009 ) was an Italian journalist , well known as the historical director ( 1983 - 2002 ) of the sport newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport .
Claudia Gould ( born 1956 ) is an art curator and the Helen Goldsmith Menschel Director of The Jewish Museum in New York City .
Zvi Aharoni ( צבי אהרוני ; February 6 , 1921 -- May 26 , 2012 ) was an Israeli Mossad agent instrumental in the capture of Adolf Eichmann .
Joe Maiden ( 1941 -- 17 September 2015 ) was a gardener , horticulturist , author and BBC Radio presenter based in Huby , Yorkshire in the United Kingdom .
Russell Jacoby ( born April 23 , 1945 ) is a professor of history at the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ) an author , and critic of academic culture .
Once aboard the whaling ship Pequod Queequeg becomes the harpooner for the mate Starbuck .
Dr. Kamal Badr has been Professor of Medicine and Chairman of the Department of Internal Medicine at the American University of Beirut from July 2000 to late 2006 .
William Ernest Hocking ( August 10 , 1873 , Cleveland , Ohio -- June 12 , 1966 Madison , New Hampshire ) was an American idealist philosopher at Harvard University .
Helen Blaby is a radio host and reporter with the BBC and a newspaper columnist .
Hugh Bostock ( born 1944 ) FRS is a British neuroscientist , and Emeritus Professor of Neurophysiology , at University College , London .
Dr. Kenneth G. Miller ( born 1956 ) is an American geologist who is currently a distinguished professor at Rutgers University .
Jacqui Hurley ( born 1984 , in County Cork ) is an Irish athlete , sports manager , sports broadcaster and chat show host employed by Raidió Teilifís Éireann ( RTÉ ) .
Nigel Cross is a British academic , a design researcher and educator , Emeritus Professor of Design Studies at The Open University , United Kingdom , and Editor - in - Chief of the journal Design Studies .
Herrlee Glessner Creel ( January 19 , 1905 -- June 1 , 1994 ) was an American sinologist and philosopher who specialized in Chinese philosophy and history , and was a professor of Chinese at the University of Chicago for nearly 40 years .
David Nirenberg , an American historian , is Deborah R. and Edgar D. Jannotta Professor of Medieval History and Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago , as well as the Dean of the Social Sciences Division at the University and the founding Roman Family Director of the Neubauer Family Collegium for Culture and Society .
W. Russell Neuman is Professor of Media Technology , NYU Steinhardt School of Culture , Education , and Human Development and Professor ( Emeritus ) , Communication Studies , University of Michigan .
Andrew Pollard is an Assistant Director with responsibility for Research Impact at the Institute of Education , University College London , and a Professor of Education at the Graduate School of Education , University of Bristol .
Josef Foschepoth ( born 19 November 1947 ) is a German historian and a professor at the University of Freiburg .
Julia Ching , CM ( Chinese : 秦家懿 ) ( 1934 -- October 26 , 2001 ) was professor of religion , philosophy and East Asian studies at the University of Toronto .
Ruth Chang is a professor of philosophy at Rutgers University .
James Coomarasamy is a British presenter on BBC World Service programme Newshour .
Priscilla K. Coleman , Ph.D. , is a tenured full Professor of Human Development and Family Studies at Bowling Green State University in Ohio .
Jonathan H. Turner ( born September 7 , 1942 ) , is a professor of sociology at University of California , Riverside .
William Veeder ( born September 14 , 1940 ) is a scholar of 19th - century American and British literature and a Professor Emeritus in the Department of English at the University of Chicago .
Henry Seidel Canby ( September 6 , 1878 -- April 5 , 1961 ) was a critic , editor , and Yale University professor .
Edward F. Fischer is a Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University who writes on political economy , development , and culture .
Brad R. Roth is a professor of political science and law at Wayne State University , Detroit .
Edmund Ayrton ( 1734 -- 22 May 1808 ) was an English organist who was Master of the Children of the Chapel Royal .
Dr. Asifa Quraishi is an Assistant Professor of Law at the University of Wisconsin - Madison , where she teaches courses in Islamic law and U.S. constitutional law .
Donald Roden is an associate professor of history at Rutgers University .
Ashley Bouder is an American ballet dancer who is currently a principal dancer at the New York City Ballet .
Elaine Mayes ( born October 1 , 1936 ) is an American photographer and a retired professor at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts .
Bertell Ollman ( born April 30 , 1935 in Milwaukee ) is a professor of politics at New York University .
David Wojahn ( born 1953 , St. Paul , Minnesota ) is a contemporary American poet who teaches poetry in the Department of English at Virginia Commonwealth University , and in the low residency MFA in Writing program at the Vermont College of Fine Arts .
Virginia Tanner ( April 25 , 1915 -- May 20 , 1979 ) was an American dance instructor and founder of the University of Utah Children 's Dance Theatre .
Tony Tebby is probably most famous for designing Qdos , the computer operating system used in the Sinclair QL personal computer , whilst working as an engineer at Sinclair Research in the early 1980s .
Avraham Heffner ( Hebrew : אברהם הפנר‎ ; 7 May 1935 -- 19 September 2014 ) was an Israeli film and television director , screenwriter , author and Professor Emeritus at the Tel - Aviv University .
George F. Baughman ( 1915 - -2004 ) was the first president of New College of Florida , a vice president of the University of Florida as well as of New York University and treasurer and a rear admiral in the United States Naval Reserve .
Nick Bostrom ( Swedish : Niklas Boström ; born 10 March 1973 ) is a Swedish philosopher at the University of Oxford known for his work on existential risk , the anthropic principle , human enhancement ethics , superintelligence risks , the reversal test , and consequentialism .
Julian Wolpert ( born 1932 ) is Bryant Professor Emeritus of Geography , Public Affairs , and Urban Planning at Princeton University .
Robert S. Galen ( born May 29 , 1946 ) is a physician , Professor Emeritus Epidemiology and former Senior Associate Dean in the College of Public Health at The University of Georgia .
Colin Crouch is currently Emeritus Professor at the University of Warwick .
Claude Sammut is a Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of New South Wales and Head of the Artificial Intelligence Research Group .
Van C. Gessel ( born August 1 , 1950 , Compton , California ) is a former Dean of the BYU College of Humanities at Brigham Young University .
Mary Shanthi Dairiam ( born 17 September 1939 ) is a Malaysian human rights and women 's rights advocate and United Nations ( UN ) official .
Ladislaus Löb ( born 8 May 1933 ) is Professor Emeritus of German at the University of Sussex in England .
Yousef Saad is an I.T. Distinguished Professor of Computer Science in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota .
Luis Garicano Gabilondo ( Valladolid , 1967 ) is Professor of Economics and Strategy and Head of the Managerial Economics and Strategy Group at the London School of Economics .
Sharon Ashbrook is a Professor of Physical Chemistry at the University of St Andrews .
Anton Amann ( 20 June 1956 -- 6 January 2015 ) was an Austrian chemist and Professor of chemistry at the Innsbruck Medical University .
Bruce Lahn is the William B. Graham professor of Human Genetics at the University of Chicago .
Peter Pershan earned his B.S. at Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn in 1956 and his Ph.D. in Physics at Harvard University in 1960 for nuclear magnetic resonance under the supervision of Nicolaas Bloembergen .
Larissa Bonfante ( born March 27 , 1931 , in Naples , Italy ) is an Italian - American classicist , Professor of Classics emerita at New York University and an authority on Etruscan language and culture .
Robert G. Frank ( born 1952 ) is the 21st President of the University of New Mexico .
J. Marshall Shepherd is an American meteorologist , professor at the University of Georgia 's Department of Geography , the director of the university 's atmospheric sciences program , and was the president of the American Meteorological Society ( AMS ) in 2013 .
Susan Rose - Ackerman ( born Susan Gould Rose on April 23 , 1942 in Mineola , New York ) is Henry R. Luce Professor of Jurisprudence ( Law and Political Science ) and is co - director of the Center for Law , Economics , and Public Policy at Yale Law School .
Martin van Beynen ( born 1959 ) is a New Zealand writer , print journalist and columnist for the The Press in Christchurch .
Hyman Hurwitz ( 1770 - -1844 ) , was a learned Jew who became first professor of Hebrew at University College , London .
Hessam Nowzari is the Director of the University of Southern California Advanced Periodontics program , since 1995 , and is a Diplomate of the American Board of Periodontology .
George H. Burgess ( born December 25 , 1949 ) is an ichthyologist and fisheries biologist with the Florida Museum of Natural History , University of Florida .
Johanna Gibson is Herchel Smith Professor of Intellectual Property Law in the Centre for Commercial Law Studies , Queen Mary , University of London .
Donald W. Parry Ph.D. is a professor of Hebrew Bible in the Department of Asian and Near Eastern Languages at Brigham Young University .
Ivo Josipović attended the Faculty of Law of the University of Zagreb , from which he graduated passing his bar examination in 1980 .
Alexandre Ricard , born in 1972 , is a French businessman and one of the grandsons of distiller and Pernod Ricard founder , Paul Ricard .
Aubrey Singer CBE ( 21 January 1927 -- 26 May 2007 ) was a British broadcasting executive who spent most of his career at the BBC .
Peter John Wyllie ( b. 8 February 1930 , London , England ) is a British petrologist who was Professor of Geology at the California Institute of Technology from 1983 until his retirement in 1999 .
David Noel Ramírez Padilla ( born January 12 , 1950 ) is the dean of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education university system ( ITESM ) which has thirty one campuses in various parts of Mexico .
Sigurd Allern ( born 5 September 1946 ) is a Norwegian media theorist and the first professor of journalism at the University of Oslo .
Philippa Thomas ( born 22 November 1965 ) is a British television Newsreader and journalist , both domestic and foreign , at the BBC and the main presenter of World News Today which airs on BBC World News , BBC News Channel and BBC Four .
Josip Pečarić ( born 3 September 1948 ) is a Croatian Academician , mathematician and the professor of mathematics at the University of Zagreb , Croatia .
Claes Elefalk is a Swedish sports agent at the Creative Artists Agency .
Anne L'Huillier ( born 1958 in Paris ) is a French physicist , and professor of atomic physics at Lund University .
Linda Smircich ( born 1948 ) is a Professor of Management in the Isenberg School of Management , University of Massachusetts Amherst where she teaches Organizational Alternative Paradigms .
Raden Moehamad Djoehana Wiradikarta ( born 18 September 1896 in Bandung , Indonesia -- died in 1986 in Bandung ) was a professor in microbiology and serology at the Bandung Institute of Technology and the faculty of medicine at Padjadjaran University , also in Bandung .
Gerhard Dünnhaupt , FRSC ( born August 15 , 1927 in Bernburg ( Saale ) ) is a German bibliographer , literary historian , emeritus professor of the University of Michigan , an honorary life member of the Modern Language Association of America , and a Life Member of the Academies of Arts , Humanities and Sciences of Canada .
Edward Kamens ( born 19 April 1952 ) is Sumitomo Professor of Japanese Literature at Yale University , where he has taught since 1986 .
Adolph Stöhr ( February 24 , 1855 -- February 10 , 1921 ) was professor of philosophy at the University of Vienna .
Imants Barušs is Professor of Psychology at King 's University College at The University of Western Ontario , Canada .
Janet Fitch is a faculty member in the Master of Professional Writing Program at the University of Southern California , where she teaches fiction .
Tamar Garb is Durning Lawrence Professor in the Department of History of Art at University College London .
Michael Barkun ( born 8 April 1938 ) is professor emeritus of political science at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs , Syracuse University , specializing in political extremism and the relationship between religion and violence .
Kenneth Turan ( /təˈræn/ ; born October 27 , 1946 ) is an American film critic and Lecturer in the Master of Professional Writing Program at the University of Southern California .
John Geanakoplos ( born 1955 ) is an American economist , and the current James Tobin Professor of Economics at Yale University .
Kate Bradbury Griffith aka Kate Griffith ( née Bradbury ) ( 26 August 1854 -- 2 March 1902 ) was a British Egyptologist who assisted in the early development of the Egypt Exploration Society and the Department of Egyptology at University College London ( UCL ) .
Sarah Parker ( born August 23 , 1942 ) is an American judge who served as the Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from February 2006 until August 2014 .
Margarita Luti ( also Margherita Luti or La Fornarina , `` the baker 's daughter '' ) was the mistress and model of Raphael .
Thomas R. Kratochwill is the Sears - Bascom Professor of School Psychology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison , where he directs the School Psychology Program .
Nora Fridrichová ( born 13 September 1977 ) is a Czech television presenter , who works for Czech television channel Česká televize .
Edward F. Wente ( born 1930 ) is an American professor emeritus of Egyptology and the Department of Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago .
Rebekka Habermas ( born 3 July 1959 , in Frankfurt am Main ) is a noted German historian , currently professor of modern history at the University of Göttingen , in Germany .
Indira Viswanathan Peterson is a literary critic and the David B. Truman Professor of Asian Studies at Mount Holyoke College .
William Stewart Simkins ( August 25 , 1842 -- February 27 , 1929 ) was a Confederate soldier and professor of law at the University of Texas at Austin .
James Lindgren is a professor of law at Northwestern University .
Megan Henderson ( born February 19 , 1975 ) is a journalist and weekday morning anchor of the 4 am to 7 am KTLA News in Los Angeles .
Helmut Thielicke ( 4 December 1908 in Wuppertal -- 5 March 1986 in Hamburg ) was a German Protestant theologian and rector of the University of Hamburg from 1960 to 1978 .
Gerardo L. Munck ( born October 13 , 1958 ) Argentine by birth , is a professor of international relations for the School of International Relations of the University of Southern California ( USC ) .
James T. Kloppenberg ( born June 23 , 1951 Denver ) is an American historian , and Charles Warren Professor of American History , at Harvard University .
Stuart Flinders ( born December 1960 , Bolton , Lancashire ) is a journalist , reporter and occasional presenter for BBC North West Tonight .
Melanie Sanford ( born June 16 , 1975 ) is an American chemist , who currently works at the University of Michigan , where she holds the positions of Moses Gomberg Collegiate Professor of Chemistry and Arthur F. Thurnau Professor of Chemistry .
William Brantley Aycock ( October 24 , 1915 -- June 20 , 2015 ) was an American educator who served as chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1957 until 1964 and was the retired Kenan Professor of Law at the UNC School of Law .
The Oxford Internet Institute was founded in 2001 by Derek Wyatt , then MP for Sittingbourne and Sheppey , and Andrew Graham , Master of Balliol College .
Wikitravel is a web - based collaborative travel guide project , based upon the wiki model , launched by Evan Prodromou and Michele Ann Jenkins in 2003 .
The origin of the Almedalen Week was the speeches made by Olof Palme during several summers in Almedalen .
In 2013 , Amalgamated Dynamics successfully ran a Kickstarter campaign to fund their independent horror film titled Harbinger Down , which is to be directed by Alec Gillis and produced by Tom Woodruff Jr. The film was released in August 2015 features exclusively practical creature effects .
Cooking Vinyl is a UK based independent record company , founded in 1986 by former manager and booking agent Martin Goldschmidt , who remains the current owner and managing director , and distribution manager Pete Lawrence .
Warrior Sports was founded in 1992 by David Morrow , a former lacrosse player .
The Intelligence Summit is an annual conference run principally by John Loftus and funded by an organization he controls , the Intelligence and Homeland Security Educational Center ( IHEC ) ..
Under Nurhaci and his son Hong Taiji , the Aisin Gioro clan of the Jianzhou tribe won hegemony among the rival Jurchen tribes of the northeast , then through warfare and alliances extended its control into Inner Mongolia .
Berkeley Systems was a San Francisco Bay Area software company co - founded in 1987 by Wes Boyd and Joan Blades .
Asia Brewery , Inc. is a Philippines - based diversified beverage company owned by LT Group , Inc. ( PSE : LTG ) , a publicly listed holding company of Lucio Tan .
Co - Founder of Nanosolar Martin Roscheisen stated on his personal blog that nanosolar `` ultimately failed commercially . ''
AOMG is an independent South Korean record label led by Jay Park and Simon D. AOMG is an acronym that stands for the `` Above Ordinary Music Group . ''
Spyglass Entertainment was an American film production company , co - founded by Gary Barber and Roger Birnbaum in 1998 .
Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited is an Australian investment company founded by businessman Lewy Pattinson .
Sally Fallon Morell is the co - founder and president of The Weston A. Price Foundation .
Mapin Publishing is an Indian art book publishing company started in 1984 by Bipin Shah and Mallika Sarabhai .
La Mandrágora ( Spanish for The Mandrake ) was a Chilean Surrealist group `` officially founded '' on 12 July 1938 by Braulio Arenas ( 1913 - 1988 ) , Teófilo Cid and Enrique Gómez Correa .
Destination Games was an American computer game development company created in April 2000 by Richard Garriott , Robert Garriott and Starr Long , following their departure from Origin Systems .
Little , Brown and Company is an American publisher founded in 1837 by Charles Coffin Little and his partner , James Brown , and for close to two centuries has published fiction and nonfiction by many of America 's finest writers .
Founded in 1930 by George W. Jenkins , Publix is a private corporation that is wholly owned by present and past employees .
Arya Maitreya Mandala is a tantric and Buddhist order founded 1933 by Lama Anagarika Govinda .
Winona Cargile Alexander ( June 21 , 1893 -- October 16 , 1984 ) was a founder of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Incorporated at Howard University on January 13 , 1913 .
The Drug Enforcement Administration was established on July 1 , 1973 , by Reorganization Plan No . 2 of 1973 , signed by President Richard Nixon on July 28 .
Logitech International S.A. was co - founded in Apples , Vaud , Switzerland , in 1981 by two Stanford alumni , Daniel Borel and Pierluigi Zappacosta .
Berkeley Earth founder Richard A. Muller told The Guardian `` ... we are bringing the spirit of science back to a subject that has become too argumentative and too contentious , ....
Last Gang Records is a record label that was formed by Canadian music industry lawyer Chris Taylor and concert promoter Donald Tarlton in the Fall of 2003 at the Pop Montreal Music Festival .
Spice Global was established in 1980 by B. K. Modi under the name , Modi Corp. Later , the company came to be known as MCorp Global and Spice Corp , before it finally became Spice Global .
Gächinger Kantorei ( Gächingen Chorale ) is an internationally known German mixed choir , founded by Helmuth Rilling in 1954 in Gächingen ( part of St. Johann close to Reutlingen ) and conducted by him until 2013 , succeeded by Hans - Christoph Rademann .
Cornerstone Barristers was formed in 1880 by Sir Charles Hall as 2 - 3 Gray 's Inn Square .
Clickteam is a software company founded in 1993 by François Lionet , Yves Lamoureux and Francis Poulain and headquartered in Paris , France .
Alexa Internet was founded in April 1996 by American web entrepreneurs Brewster Kahle and Bruce Gilliat .
It was formerly a Soviet design bureau , and was founded by Artem Mikoyan and Mikhail Gurevich as `` Mikoyan and Gurevich '' , with the bureau prefix `` MiG. ''
Helsinki was established as a trading town by King Gustav I of Sweden in 1550 as the town of Helsingfors , which he intended to be a rival to the Hanseatic city of Reval ( today known as Tallinn ) .
Arrêt sur images ( `` Freeze - frame shot '' , also abbreviated as the acronym ASI ) was initially a weekly French television program , created and presented by journalist Daniel Schneidermann and broadcast on La Cinquième from 1995 ( renamed France 5 in January 2002 ) and produced by Carrere group .
Ampex is an American electronics company founded in 1944 by Alexander M. Poniatoff .
Proventus is a privately held Swedish investment company founded in 1980 by Robert Weil .
Asia Times was a newspaper launched in Thailand by Thai tycoon Sondhi Limthongkul in 1995 .
In 2007 , Chris Jones and Aaron Conners founded Big Finish Games , which is staffed primarily by veterans of Access / Indie Built .
Yahoo Boy No Laptop Nation , stylised and popularly known as YBNL Nation , is an independent record label founded by Olamide in 2012 .
Amma Unavagam ( meaning `` Mother Restaurant '' in Tamil ) is a food subsidization program run by the Government of Tamil Nadu in India .
SeaFrance was a ferry company based in France , wholly owned by the French railways , SNCF , which operated ferry services between Calais , France , and Dover , England .
José María Álvarez ( born 31 May 1942 , in Cartagena , Spain ) , is a Spanish poet and novelist .
Jayshree Gadkar ( 21 February 1942 -- 29 August 2008 ) was a noted Marathi and Hindi movie actress and a star of Marathi cinema from the 1950s up to the 1980s .
Abdurrahman Cahit Zarifoğlu ( born 1 July 1940 , Ankara -- d. 7 June 1987 , İstanbul ) , Turkish poet , writer .
Alfred Illingworth ( 25 September 1827 -- 1907 ) , was an English worsted spinner and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1895 .
Veit Stoss ( also : Veit Stoß ; Polish : Wit Stwosz ; before 1450 - about 20 September 1533 ) was a leading German sculptor , mostly in wood , whose career covered the transition between the late Gothic and the Northern Renaissance .
Jean - Jacques Pillot ( 9 August 1808 -- 13 June 1877 ) was a French revolutionary and republican communist .
John William Gerard de Brahm ( 1718 - -c.1799 ) was a German cartographer , engineer and mystic .
Francesco Musotto ( born on 1 February 1947 in Palermo ) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Islands ( elected for the first time in 1999 ) .
Vicenç Badalona Ballestar ( 1929 -- 7 July 2014 ) was a Spanish painter and author .
Mehmet Niyazi Cemali ( Crimean Tatar : ' Memet Niyaziy ' ; January or February 1878 - November 20 , 1931 ) was an Ottoman - born Romanian and Crimean Tatar poet , journalist , schoolteacher , academic , and activist for ethnic Tatar causes .
Deep Dhillon is an Indian film actor who works in Hindi and Punjabi cinema .
Adolphe - Félix Cals ( 17 October 1810 -- 3 October 1880 ) was a French portrait , genre , and landscape painter .
Claude Weisz is a French film director born in Paris .
Klaus Hildebrand ( born 18 November 1941 , Bielefeld , Germany ) is a German liberal - conservative historian whose area of expertise is 19th--20th - century German political and military history .
Gro Dahle ( born 15 May 1962 ) is a Norwegian poet and writer .
Peter , Pieter , or usually Petrus Camper ( 11 May 1722 -- 7 April 1789 ) , was a Dutch physician , anatomist , physiologist , midwife , zoologist , anthropologist , paleontologist and a naturalist .
Jean Marie Joseph Capgras ( 23 August 1873 , Verdun - sur - Garonne -- 27 January 1950 , Paris ) was a French psychiatrist who is best known for the Capgras delusion , a disorder named after him .
Bernat Soria Escoms ( born 7 May 1951 ) is a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Health from 2007 to 2009 .
Leonhard Lapin ( born 29 December 1947 ) is a versatile Estonian artist who has been active in fine art , art theory and architecture as well as in literature .
Vladimir Ćorović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Ћоровић ; October 27 , 1885 -- April 12 , 1941 ) was a leading 20th - century Serbian historian , member of the Serbian Royal Academy , a future Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts ( SANU ) .
Mariano Barberán y Tros de Ilarduya ( Guadalajara , Spain , 14 October 1895 - Vicinity of Villahermosa , Mexico , 20 June 1933 ) was a Spanish military aviator .
Lucjan Siemieński ( 1807 - -1877 ) was a Polish Romantic poet , prose writer , and literary critic .
Guido Leo John Christmas Møller , usually known as Christmas Møller ( 3 April 1894 - 13 April 1948 ) was a Danish politician representing the Conservative People 's Party .
Gonzalo Ronquillo de Peñalosa ( died March 10 , 1583 ) , sometimes spelled as Gonçalo Ronquillo Peñaloza was the fourth Spanish governor and captain - general of the Philippines from April 1580 until his death in 1583 .
Rebecca Frayn is an English documentary film maker , screenwriter and novelist .
Józef Pankiewicz ( 29 November 1866 -- 4 July 1940 ) was a Polish painter , graphic artist , and pedagogue .
Charles Foix ( 1 February 1882 - 22 March 1927 ) was a French internist and neurologist .
Marie - Alexandre Alophe ( 1812 - -1883 ) was a French photographer , painter and lithographer .
Fred Terry ( 9 November 1863 -- 17 April 1933 ) was an English actor and theatrical manager .
Charles Lucien Léandre ( 1862 - -1934 ) , French caricaturist and painter , was born at Champsecret ( Orne ) , and studied painting under Émile Bin and Alexandre Cabanel .
Keith Peacock ( born 2 May 1945 in Barnehurst ) is an English former footballer and manager .
Francisco Cascales ( 1564 - -1642 ) was a Spanish erudite , humanist and writer .
Girish Kumar Taurani ( born 30 January 1989 , age 27 ) is an Indian film actor working in the Hindi film industry .
Hugo Ball ( German : ( bal ) ; 22 February 1886 -- 14 September 1927 ) was a German author , poet and one of the leading Dada artists .
Guillermo del Toro Gómez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡiˈʝeɾmo ðel ˈtoɾo ) ; born October 9 , 1964 ) is a Mexican film director , screenwriter , producer , and novelist .
James Raine ( 1791 - -1858 ) was an English antiquarian and topographer .
Michael Sowa ( born 1945 ) is a German artist known mainly for his paintings , which are variously whimsical , surreal , or stunning .
Pierre Chantraine ( French : ( ʃɑ̃tʁɛn ) ; 15 September 1899 -- 30 June 1974 ) was a French linguist .
Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kwauˈtemok ˈkarðenas ) ; born May 1 , 1934 ) is a prominent Mexican politician .
Michel Clouscard ( French : ( kluskaʁ ) ; August 6 , 1928 -- February 21 , 2009 ) was a French Marxist philosopher and sociologist .
Silvio Soldini ( Milan , 1958 ) is an Italian film director .
Peter Annet ( 1693 -- 18 January 1769 ) was an English deist and early freethinker .
Indrek Tarand MEP ( born February 3 , 1964 , Tallinn ) is an Estonian politician , reserve officer , civil servant , journalist and historian .
Marujita Díaz ( María del Dulce Nombre Díaz Ruiz ; 27 April 1932 -- 23 June 2015 ) was a Spanish singer and actress .
Sheikh Riza Talabani ( Şêx Rizayê Telebanî in Kurdish ) ( 1835 - -1910 ) , a celebrated Kurdish poet from Kirkuk , Iraq .
Herman Schmalenbach ( November 15 , 1885 -- November 3 , 1950 ) was a German philosopher who refined the concepts of Gemeinschaft and Bund .
Johann Georg Keyßler ( or Keyssler when the letter ß is avoided ; 1693 - -1743 ) was a German polymath , known for his travel writings and his archaeology .
Hans Victor von Unruh ( March 28 , 1806 - February 4 , 1886 ) was a Prussian civil servant and politician , President of the Prussian National Assembly of 1848 and Member of the Reichstag of the German Empire .
Casimir Roumeguère ( 15 August 1828 in Toulouse -- 29 February 1892 in Toulouse ) was a French botanist and mycologist .
Michael McClure was a popular , celebrated professor of English at the California College of Arts and Crafts ( now renamed California College of the Arts ) , in Oakland , California for many years .
Johann Benedict Carpzov II ( 24 April 1639 -- 23 March 1699 ) was a German Christian theologian and Hebraist .
Nicolas de Lamoignon de Basville ( 1648 - -1724 ) was a French intendant over Languedoc in the early 18th century .
Marin Karmitz ( born 7 October 1938 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a French businessman whose career has spanned the French film industry , including director , producer , film distributor , and operator of a chain of cinemas .
Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl ( 6 April 1806 -- 9 November 1876 ) was a German scholar best known as a student of Plautus .
Monte Melkonian ( classical Armenian : Մոնթէ Մելքոնեան ; reformed : Մոնթե Մելքոնյան ; November 25 , 1957 -- June 12 , 1993 ) was an Armenian left - wing nationalist militant , revolutionary , and commander .
Eliyahu Golomb ( Hebrew : אליהו גולומב‎ , 2 March 1893 -- 11 June 1945 ) was the leader of the Jewish defense effort in Mandate Palestine and chief architect of the Haganah , the underground military organization for defense of the Yishuv between 1920 and 1948 .
Sandro Continenza ( 13 July 1920 -- 21 November 1996 ) was an Italian screenwriter .
Hartwig Fischer ( born 14 December 1962 ) is a German art historian and museum director .
Bernard Le Nail ( February 1946 -- 5 January 2010 ) was a French writer and Breton militant .
Elisabetta Gardini ( born 3 June 1956 ) is an Italian actress and politician from Veneto .
Sigmund Theophil Staden ( 6 November 1607 -- 30 July 1655 ) was an important early German composer .
Sir William Temple , 1st Baronet ( 25 April 1628 -- 27 January 1699 ) was an English statesman and essayist .
Moishe Oysher ( Yiddish : משה אוישר , ( born 1906 in Lipkon ( Lipcani ) , Bessarabia , Imperial Russia -- died 27 November 1958 , New Rochelle , New York ) was a Romanian cantor and Yiddish theatre actor . He is considered one of the most entertaining chazanim ( cantors ) ever recorded .
Robert Shirley , Viscount Tamworth ( 28 December 1692 -- 5 July 1714 ) was an English nobleman and politician .
Konrad Haenisch ( 13 March 1876 - 28 April 1925 ) was a German Social Democratic Party politician and part of `` the radical Marxist Left '' of German politics .
Olaf Glaeseker ( born 1961 in Oldenburg ) is a German political consultant , journalist , publicist , and a close confidant of former President Christian Wulff .
Lluís Homar i Toboso ( born April 20 , 1957 ) is a Spanish actor and theater director from Barcelona .
Furio Scarpelli ( 16 December 1919 -- 28 April 2010 ) , also called Scarpelli , was an Italian screenwriter , famous for his collaboration on numerous Commedia all'italiana films with Agenore Incrocci , forming the duo Age & Scarpelli .
Rudolf Arnheim ( July 15 , 1904 -- June 9 , 2007 ) was a German - born author , art and film theorist , and perceptual psychologist .
Tang Haoming ( Chinese : 唐浩明 ; pinyin : Táng Hàomíng ; born October 1946 ) , born as Deng Yunsheng ( simplified Chinese : 邓云生 ; traditional Chinese : 鄧雲生 ; pinyin : Dèng Yúnshēng ) , is a Chinese novelist .
Suzanne Duchamp - Crotti ( 20 October 1889 -- 11 September 1963 ) was a French Dadaist painter .
Inger Christensen ( 16 January 1935 -- 2 January 2009 ) was a Danish poet , novelist , essayist and editor considered the foremost Danish poetic experimentalist of her generation .
Niels Kaj Jerne , FRS ( December 23 , 1911 -- October 7 , 1994 ) was a Danish immunologist .
Tadeusz Stefan Zieliński ( Russian : Фадде́й Фра́нцевич Зели́нский ; near Uman , Kiev Governorate , Russian Empire , September 14 , 1859 -- May 8 , 1944 , Schondorf , Upper Bavaria ) was a prominent Polish classical philologist , historian , translator of Sophocles , Euripides and other classical authors into Russian .
Kinga Göncz ( born 8 November 1947 ) is a Hungarian academic and the former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Hungary between 2006 and 2009 .
Georges Marion ( 1 June 1869 , in Fixin , Côte - d'Or -- 17 October 1960 , in Paris ) was a French surgeon and urologist .
Gustav Seyffarth ( 13 July 1796 -- 17 November 1885 ) was a German - American Egyptologist , born in Uebigau .
Karim Alrawi ( Arabic كريم الراوي ) is a writer born in Alexandria , Egypt .
Norbert Bolz ( born April 17 , 1953 ) is a German philosopher and media theorist .
Lucie Šafářová (; born 4 February 1987 ) is a professional Czech tennis player from Brno .
Arnold van Gennep , in full Charles - Arnold Kurr van Gennep ( 23 April 1873 -- 7 May 1957 ) was a noted Dutch - German - French ethnographer and folklorist .
Carlos García Cantarero ( born November 4 , 1961 ) is a Spanish footballer and manager .
Maurice Benayoun ( aka MoBen or 莫奔 ) ( born 29 March 1957 in Mascara , Algeria ) is a French pioneer new - media artist and theorist based in Paris and Hong Kong .
Reinhold F. Glei ( German : ( glaɪ ) ; born 11 Juni , 1959 in Remscheid ) is a German philologist and translator .
Germain Habert de Cérisy ( 1615 -- May 1654 ) was a French churchman and poet .
Miguel Cabrera Cabrera ( born 1948 , Gran Canaria , Spain ) is a Spanish architect and politician whose sphere of political action has been the Canary Island of Fuerteventura .
Luis Cid Pérez , known as Carriega ( born 9 December 1929 ) is a Spanish former professional football coach who managed a number of club sides including Sporting de Gijón , Real Zaragoza , Sevilla , Real Betis , Atlético Madrid and UE Figueres .
Geminiano Montanari ( June 1 , 1633 -- October 13 , 1687 ) was an Italian astronomer , lens - maker , and proponent of the experimental approach to science .
František Kupka ( September 23 , 1871 -- June 24 , 1957 ) , also known as Frank Kupka or François Kupka , was a Czech painter and graphic artist .
Luis Miguel Fernández Toledo known as Luis Fernández ( French pronunciation : ​(lwis fɛʁ.nɑ̃.dɛz ) ; Spanish pronunciation : ( lwis feɾˈnandeθ ) born on 2 October 1959 in Tarifa , Spain ) is a French retired footballer who played as a defender / midfielder .
Stéphane Venne ( born July 2 , 1941 in Verdun , Quebec , Canada ) is a French - Canadian songwriter and composer .
Francisco Garrido Peña ( Seville , Spain , 25 March 1958 ) is a Spanish politician and member of the Green Party , which has previously supported the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) in the Spanish Congress of Deputies .
Francisco de Ulloa ( pronounced : ( fɾanˈθisko de uˈʎoa ) ) ( died 1540 ) was a Spanish explorer who explored the west coast of present - day Mexico under the commission of Hernán Cortés .
Ludwig Quidde ( March 23 , 1858 , Bremen -- March 4 , 1941 ) was a German pacifist who is mainly remembered today for his acerbic criticism of German Emperor Wilhelm II and a politician .
Segundo Serrano Poncela ( 1912 - 9 December 1976 ) was a Spanish Republican politician , writer , literary critic , and essayist associated with the Generation of ' 36 movement .
Lord William George Frederick Cavendish - Scott - Bentinck ( 27 February 1802 -- 21 September 1848 ) , better known as Lord George Bentinck , was an English Conservative politician and racehorse owner , noted for his role ( with Benjamin Disraeli ) in unseating Sir Robert Peel over the Corn Laws .
Rodolfo Martín Villa ( born 3 October 1934 ) is a Spanish engineer and politician , who served in various capacities in cabinets of the Spanish transition to democracy , including interior minister and first deputy prime minister .
Alessandro Ferrara ( born 1953 in Trieste ) is an Italian philosopher , currently Professor of Political Philosophy at the University of Rome Tor Vergata and former President of the Italian Association for Political Philosophy .
Wolfgang Behringer is a German historian specialising in the witchcraft beliefs of Early Modern Europe .
Walter Charleton ( 2 February 1619 -- 24 April 1707 ) was a natural philosopher , an English writer .
Richard Texier is a French painter and sculptor .
Aurélien Barrau ( 19 May 1973 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French physicist and philosopher , specialized in astroparticle physics , black holes and cosmology .
Zef Jubani ( 1818 - -1880 ) born Zef Ndokillia was an Albanian folklorist , philosopher and activist of the Albanian National Awakening .
Cristóbal Valero ( died December 1789 ) was a Spanish painter .
Claudine Doury ( born 1959 in Blois ) is a French photographer living in Paris .
Tadeusz Jan Kowalski ( 1889 - 1948 ) was a Polish orientalist , expert on Middle East Muslim culture and languages .
Tale Ognenovski ( Macedonian : Тале Огненовски ) ( April 27 , 1922 - June 19 , 2012 ) was a Macedonian multi - instrumentalist : clarinet , reed pipe ( instrument ) ( recorder ) , tin whistle , small bagpipe , zourla ( zurla ) and drum , composer and bandleader .
Philippe Chéry ( 1759 -- 1838 ) , a French historical and portrait painter , was a pupil of Vien .
Alfred Latour ( 1888 , Paris -- 1964 , Eygalières ) was a French painter and engraver who also worked extensively as a graphic designer and as an advertiser .
Dionisio Ridruejo Jiménez ( 12 October 1912 - 29 June 1975 ) was a Spanish poet and political figure associated with the Generation of ' 36 movement and a member of the Falange political party .
Franck Goddio ( born 1947 in Casablanca , Morocco ) is a French underwater archaeologist who , in 2000 , discovered the city of Herakleion--
Diego Ronquillo was the fifth Spanish governor of the Philippines , from March 10 , 1583 until May 1584 .
Sarah Israelit Groll ( Hebrew : שרה ישראלית - גרול‎ ; 1925 - -2007 ) was an Israeli Egyptologist .
İhsan Oktay Anar ( born 1960 in Yozgat , Turkey ) , is a Turkish writer , illustrator , literature translator and an academic .
Étienne Juillard ( 23 February 1914 -- 11 November 2006 ) was a French geographer and scientist .
Carmen Viance ( June 21 , 1905 -- July , 1985 ) was a Spanish actress who appeared in twenty films between 1924 and 1943 , including the 1927 silent film The Mendez Women .
Joseph Towers ( 1737 - -1799 ) was an English Dissenter and biographer .
José Ángel Egido ( born 1951 in Redondela ) is a Spanish actor .
Holger Ernst / HOLGERSON ( born 1972 ) is a German script writer and film maker based in Berlin .
José Muñoz Molleda ( 1905 - -1988 ) was a Spanish composer , journalist , jurist and politician .
Noel Aubert de Versé ( c. 1642/45 in Le Mans -- 1714 ) was a French advocate of religious toleration , whose own religious position oscillated between Unitarian Protestantism and an Oratorian - influenced Catholicism .
Francesco Rosi ( 15 November 1922 -- 10 January 2015 ) was an Italian film director .
Karin Struck ( 14 May 1947 , Groß Kiesow -- 6 February 2006 ) was a German author .
Fritz Machlup ( German : ( ˈmaχlʊp ) ; December 15 , 1902 -- January 30 , 1983 ) was an Austrian - American economist .
Kenji Uematsu ( born 28 October 1976 in Portugalete , Vizcaya ) is a Spanish judoka . His father is Japanese and his mother is Spanish .
Emile Verhaeren ( Dutch : ( vərˈɦaːrən ) ; 21 May 1855 -- 27 November 1916 ) was a Belgian poet who wrote in the French language , and one of the chief founders of the school of Symbolism .
B. de Canals was a 14th - century Spanish author of a Latin chronicle .
Yrsa Sigurðardóttir ( born in 1963 ) is an Icelandic writer of both crime novels and children 's fiction .
José María Cano ( born February 21 , 1959 ) is a Spanish visual artist .
Muhammad Ali Jinnah ( Urdu : محمد علی جناح‎ ALA - LC : Muḥammad ʿAlī Jināḥ , born Mahomedali Jinnahbhai ; 25 December 1876 -- 11 September 1948 ) was a lawyer , politician , and the founder of Pakistan .
Edward Sapir 's first language was Yiddish , and later English .
Shulamit Lapid ( Hebrew : שולמית לפיד , born 9 November 1934 ) is an Israeli novelist and playwright .
Hugo Winckler ( 4 July 1863 -- 19 April 1913 ) was a German archaeologist and historian who uncovered the capital of the Hittite Empire ( Hattusa ) at Boğazkale , Turkey .
Shabnam Shakeel ( Urdu : شبنم شکیل‎ ALA - LC : S̱ẖabnam S̱ẖakīl IPA : ( ʃəbnəm ʃəkiːl ) ; March 12 , 1942 -- March 2 , 2013 ) was a Pakistani poet , writer , and academician .
Miguel de la Quadra - Salcedo y Gayarre ( Madrid , April 30 , 1932 ) is a Spanish reporter who was before one of the greatest athletes of the country .
Antonio Marzano ( born 18 February 1935 ) is an Italian economist , academic and politician , who served as the minister of productive activities in the second cabinet of Silvio Berlusconi from 2001 to 2005 .
Monica Vitti ( born 3 November 1931 ) is an Italian actress best known for her starring roles in films directed by Michelangelo Antonioni during the early 1960s .
Johan Nordahl Brun Grieg , known as Nordahl Grieg , ( 1 November 1902 -- 2 December 1943 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist , dramatist , journalist and political activist .
Sadie Jones ( born 1967 ) is an English writer and novelist .
Emilio Gentile ( born 1946 in Bojano ) is an Italian historian specializing in the ideology and culture of fascism .
John Lindley FRS ( 5 February 1799 -- 1 November 1865 ) was an English botanist , gardener and orchidologist .
Jesús Ballesteros ( born 1943 in Valencia ) is a Spanish philosopher and jurist .
Rahel Sanzara ( also Sansara ; pseudonym for Johanna Bleschke ) ( 9 February 1894 -- 8 February 1936 ) was a German dancer , actress and novelist .
Arturo Soria y Mata ( 1844 - 1920 ) was an internationally important Spanish urban planner whose work remains highly inspirational today .
Dr Rachel Adato - Levy ( Hebrew : רחל אדטו - לוי‎ , born 21 June 1947 ) is an Israeli gynaecologist , lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima and Hatnuah between 2009 and 2013 .
José - Miguel Ullán ( October 30 , 1944 -- May 23 , 2009 ) was a Spanish television journalist , writer and poet .
Shi Tiesheng ( 史铁生 ) ( 1951 -- December 31 , 2010 ) was a Chinese novelist , known for his story which was the basis of the film Life on a String .
Mohammad Barakeh ( Arabic : محمد بركة‎ , Hebrew : מוחמד ברכה‎ ; born 29 July 1955 ) is an Israeli Arab politician .
Karl - Heinz Kipp ( born 1924 ) is the German billionaire founder of the Massa chain of German department stores and , having since sold the business whilst keeping the property , has a large property portfolio .
Wolfgang Steinitz ( 28 February 1905 - 21 April 1967 ) was a German linguist and folklorist .
Antony Preston ( 26 February 1938 -- 25 December 2004 ) was an English naval historian and editor , specialising in the area of 19th and 20th - century naval history and warship design .
Xavier Vendrell i Segura , ( San Juan Despí ( Barcelona ) , 15 October 1966 ) is a Catalan entrepreneur .
Pere Ardiaca i Martí ( 1909 Balaguer , Lleida Province -- 5 November 1986 Moscow ) was a Spanish Catalan communist politician .
Jean Alaux , called `` le Romain '' ( `` the Roman '' ) , ( 1785 -- 2 March 1864 ) was a French history painter and Director of the French Academy in Rome from 1846 - 52 .
Ewald Nowotny ( German pronunciation : ( ˌeːvalt noˈvɔtniː ) ) ( born June 28 , 1944 , in Vienna ) is an Austrian economist and social democratic politician and currently president ( governor ) of the National Bank of Austria and member of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) 's governing council .
Werner Mauss ( born 11 February 1940 in Essen ) initially worked as a private investigator for various German companies .
Artemisia Gentileschi ( Italian pronunciation : ( arteˈmizja dʒentiˈleski ) ; July 8 , 1593 -- c. 1656 ) was an Italian Baroque painter , today considered one of the most accomplished painters in the generation following that of Caravaggio .
James Lumley ( c. 1706 -- 14 March 1766 ) was an English Member of Parliament and landowner .
Carles Riba i Bracons ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkarləz ˈriβə ) ) ( 23 September 1893 - 1959 ) was a Catalan poet , writer and translator .
Francisco Palau y Quer , O.C.D. , ( Catalan : Francesc Palau i Quer ; 29 December 1811 - 20 March 1872 ) was a Catalan Discalced Carmelite friar and priest .
Sir Nathaniel Mead ( died 1760 ) , of Goosehays , near Romford , Essex , was an English politician .
Władysław Szlengel ( 1914 -- May 8 , 1943 ) was a Jewish - Polish poet , lyricist , journalist and stage actor .
Charles Crompton Q.C. ( 4 February 1833 -- 25 June 1890 ) was an English barrister and Liberal politician .
Dame Cicely Veronica Wedgwood OM DBE ( 20 July 1910 -- 9 March 1997 ) was an English historian who published under the name C. V. Wedgwood .
Maud de Belleroche ( born in 1922 in Paris ) is a French writer , author of the 1968 best - seller L'Ordinatrice and winner of the 1963 Prix Broquette - Gonin for Cinq personnages en quête d’empereur .
Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński ( c. 1550 - c. 1581 ) was an influential Polish poet of the late Renaissance who wrote in both Polish and Latin .
Vineeth Kumar is an Indian film actor and director in Malayalam cinema .
Pablo Guerrero ( Esparragosa de Lares , 18 October 1946 ) is a Spanish singer - songwriter , lyricist and poet .
Fernando de las Infantas ( 1534 - -ca . 1610 ) was a Spanish nobleman , composer and theologian .
Johann Gustav Gottlieb Büsching ( 19 September 1783 -- 4 May 1829 ) was a German antiquary .
Artur Lundkvist ( 3 March 1906 in Perstorp Municipality , Skåne County -- 11 December 1991 in Solna , Stockholm County ) was a Swedish writer , poet and literary critic .
Michel Faber ( born 13 April 1960 ) is a Dutch - born writer of English - language fiction , including his 2002 novel The Crimson Petal and the White .
Alummoodan ( Malayalam : ആലുംമൂടൻ ) was a Malayalam film actor .
Manasy Veetinal ( born 28 March ) , screen name Manasy , is an Indian film actress who works in Malayalam films .
Suwanni Sukhontha ( Thai : สุวรรณี สุคนธา ) was the pen name of Suwanni Sukhonthiang ( Thai : สุวรรณี สุคนธ์เที่ยง ; 1 March 1932 -- 3 February 1984 ) , a Thai writer and novelist .
François d'Aguilon ( also d'Aguillon or in Latin Franciscus Aguilonius ) ( 4 January 1567 -- 20 March 1617 ) was a Belgian Jesuit mathematician , physicist and architect .
Angela Lambert ( née Angela Maria Helps ) ( 14 April 1940 -- 26 September 2007 ) was a British journalist , art critic and author , best known for the novel A Rather English Marriage , and her novel Kiss and Kin won the Romantic Novel of the Year Award .
Gervais de La Rue ( 7 September 1751 -- 24 September 1835 ) , French historical investigator , formerly regarded as one of the chief authorities on Norman and Anglo - Norman literature .
André Leroi - Gourhan ( August 25 , 1911 -- February 19 , 1986 ) was a French archaeologist , paleontologist , paleoanthropologist , and anthropologist with an interest in technology and aesthetics and a penchant for philosophical reflection .
Vito Volterra ( 3 May 1860 -- 11 October 1940 ) was an Italian mathematician and physicist , known for his contributions to mathematical biology and integral equations , being one of the founders of functional analysis .
Wojciech Bobowski or Ali Ufki ( also Albertus Bobovius , Ali Bey , Santurî Ali Ufki ; 1610 - -1675 ) was a Polish musician and dragoman in the Ottoman Empire .
James Parkinson FGS ( 11 April 1755 -- 21 December 1824 ) was an English surgeon , apothecary , geologist , palaeontologist , and political activist .
Marco Scacchi ( ca . 1600 -- 7 September 1662 ) was an Italian composer and writer on music .
Pauline Clarke ( 19 May 1921 -- 23 July 2013 ) was an English author who has written for younger children under the name Helen Clare , for older children as Pauline Clarke , and more recently for adults under her married name Pauline Hunter Blair .
An Oklahoma native and recent transplant into the deep south , Rachel Vincent has a BA in English ( University of Central Oklahoma , ' 00 ) .
Otto Eißfeldt , spelled alternatively Otto Eissfeldt , ( September 1 , 1887 in Northeim -- April 23 , 1973 ) was a German Protestant theologian , known for his work on the Old Testament and comparative near - east religious history .
Giovanni Filoteo Achillini ( Latin Joannes Philotheus Achillinus ; 1466 - -1538 ) was an Italian philosopher .
Roger Morrice ( 1628 - -1702 ) was an English Puritan minister and political journalist .
Lê Lựu ( Khoái Châu , 12 December 1942 ) is a Vietnamese writer specializing in novels and short stories .
Serge Duigou ( born 17 February 1948 , Pont - l'Abbé , Pays Bigouden in sud - Finistère ) is a French historian , specialising in the history of Brittany .
Mario Vegetti ( born 1937 ) is an Italian historian of philosophy .
Juan Díaz Canales ( born 1972 ) is a Spanish comics artist and an animated film director , known as the co - creator of Blacksad .
Byrhtferth 's signature appears on only two unpublished works , his Latin and Old English Manual , and Latin Preface .
Jadumani Mahapatra ( Jadumani Mohapatra ) ( 1783 - -1868 ) also known as Utkal Ghanta was an Odia language poet , humorist and satirist , who was principal poet during the rule of king Binayak Singh Mandhata of Nayagarh princely state in present day Odisha .
Joan Albert Amargós is a Spanish composer and conductor born in Barcelona in 1950 .
Ernst Herbeck ( October 9 , 1920 , Stockerau , Lower Austria -- September 11 , 1991 ) was a German poet .
Georges Pichard ( January 17 , 1920 -- June 7 , 2003 ) was a French comics artist , known for numerous BD Franco - Belgian comics magazine covers , serial publications and albums , stereotypically featuring partially exposed voluptuous women .
Carl David af Wirsén ( December 9 , 1842 -- June 12 , 1912 ) was a Swedish poet , literary critic and the Swedish Academy 's permanent secretary 1884 - 1912 .
Carlo Cesio was also an engraver of some eminence ; we have by him several plates after the Italian painters of his time .
María Teresa León ( 31 October 1903 -- 13 December 1988 ) was a Spanish writer , activist and cultural ambassador .
Anna Cecilia Petra Östergren ( born September 29 , 1965 in Kiruna Municipality ) is a Swedish feminist writer , debater , social commentator and an instructor in self defense .
Mathes Roriczer also Matthäus Roritzer , ( approximate dates 1435 - 1495 ) was a 15th - century German architect and author of several surviving booklets on medieval architectural design .
Gerd Gigerenzer ( born September 3 , 1947 , Wallersdorf , Germany ) is a German psychologist who has studied the use of bounded rationality and heuristics in decision making .
Gabriel Celaya ( full name : Rafeal Gabriel Juan Múgica Celaya Leceta ) was a Spanish poet .
Matthieu Petit - Didier ( 18 December 1659 , Saint - Nicolas - de - Port , Lorraine , -- 17 June 1728 , Senones ) was a French Benedictine theologian and ecclesiastical historian .
Jordan Scott ( born 1977 ) is an English photographer , filmmaker , and actress .
Matija Murko also known as Mathias Murko ( 10 February 1861 -- 11 February 1952 ) was a Slovene scholar , known mostly for his work on oral epic traditions in Serbian , Bosnian and Croatian .
Dr. Dharamvir Bharati ( धर्मवीर भारती ) ( 25 December 1926 -- 4 September 1997 ) was a renowned Hindi poet , author , playwright and a social thinker of India .
Pierre Jean François Turpin ( 11 March 1775 , Vire -- 1 May 1840 ) was a French botanist and illustrator .
Mihai Rădulescu ( May 15 , 1936 in Bucharest -- January 20 , 2009 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian novelist , poet , historian and art critic .
Giovanni Procacci ( born May 4 , 1955 in Bari ) , is an Italian politician , and was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the 2006 General election .
Lloyd Schwartz ( born November 29 , 1941 ) is an American poet who is the Frederick S. Troy Professor of English at the University of Massachusetts Boston .
Babaji Singh Khalsa ( Punjabi : ਬਾਬਾਜੀ ਸਿੰਘ ਖਾਲਸਾ ) ( August 15 , 1947 -- November 19 , 2006 ) was a Mexican Sikh who is credited for translating Guru Granth Sahib , the holy text of the Sikhs into Spanish .
Ramesh Ramilla , better known as Thagubothu Ramesh , is an Indian film actor and comedian who primarily works with Telugu cinema .
Sigurður Pálsson ( born Skinnastaður , 30 July 1948 ) , is an Icelandic author and translator .
Goéry Delacôte , Légion d'honneur , is a French theoretical physicist and science educator .
Friedrich Kapp ( 13 April 1824 -- 27 October 1884 ) was a German - American lawyer , writer , and politician .
Magdalena Tulli ( born 20 October 1955 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish novelist , one of Poland 's leading writers .
Manuel Alfonseca ( born 1946 , Madrid ) is a Spanish writer and university professor .
Arthur Leist ( 8 July 1852 -- 22 March 1927 ) was a German writer , journalist and translator of Georgian and Armenian literature .
Wadih El Safi ( Arabic : وديع الصافي‎ , born Wadi ' Francis ; November 1 , 1921 -- October 11 , 2013 ) was a Lebanese singer , songwriter , composer and actor .
Sharad Kapoor ( born 13 February 1976 ) is an Indian actor , who works in Hindi movies and television .
John Antrobus ( born 2 July 1933 ) is an English playwright and script writer .
Salvatore Accardo ( Italian pronunciation : ( salvaˈtoːre akˈkardo ) ; born 26 September 1941 in Turin , northern Italy ) is an Italian violinist and conductor , who is known for his interpretations of the works of Niccolò Paganini .
Antoine Court ( 27 March 1696 -- 13 June 1760 ) was a French reformer called the `` Restorer of Protestantism in France . ''
George Roger Waters ( born 6 September 1943 ) is an English singer , songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , and composer .
Mouna Ayoub ( Arabic : منى أيوب‎ ) ( born on 27 February 1957 in Kuwait ) is a well - known French socialite and businesswoman of Lebanese origin .
Joaquim Carreras i Artau ( Girona , August 14 , 1894 -- Tiana ( Barcelona ) , August 12 , 1968 ) was a Catalan philosopher .
Leszek Engelking ( born 2 February 1955 , Bytom , Upper Silesia ) is a Polish poet , short - story writer , critic , essayist , scholar , and translator .
Elsa Beskow ( née Maartman ) ( 11 February 1874 -- 30 June 1953 ) was a Swedish author and illustrator of children 's books .
Daniel Dubroca ( born 25 April 1954 ) is a former French national rugby union player and coach .
Angela Bianchini ( ˈandʒela bjaŋˈkini ) is an Italian fiction writer and literary critic of Jewish descent .
John de Lugo ( also Juan de Lugo y de Quiroga ) ( 1583 - -1660 ) , a Spanish Jesuit and Cardinal , was an eminent theologian of the Renaissance .
Jacopo Strada ( Mantua , 1507 -- Prague 1588 ) was an Italian polymath courtier of the 16th century , a painter , architect , goldsmith , inventor of machines , numismatist , linguist , collector and merchant of works of art . His portrait by Titian has kept his image familiar .
Francisco León Barrios ( was born 4 October 1974 ) , known as Paco León is a Spanish actor , producer , and director .
Cipriano de Valera ( C. 1532 - -C. 1600 ) was the editor of the first major revision of the Spanish Bible translation of Casiodoro de Reina .
János Kis ( born 17 September 1943 ) is a Hungarian philosopher and political scientist , who served as the inaugural leader of the liberal Alliance of Free Democrats ( SZDSZ ) from 1990 to 1991 .
Michał Bałucki , pseudonym Elpidon ( born September 29 , 1837 in Cracow ; died October 17 , 1901 in Cracow ) , was a Polish playwright and poet .
Edmond Couchot is a French digital artist and art theoretician .
Ernst Lubitsch ( January 29 , 1892 -- November 30 , 1947 ) was a German American film director , producer , writer , and actor .
Charles Filiger ( 28 November 1863 , Thann -- 11 January 1928 , Brest ) was a French Symbolist painter .
Richard Andree ( 26 February 1835 -- 22 February 1912 ) was a German geographer and cartographer , noted for devoting himself especially to ethnographic studies .
Gombojab Tsybikov ( Russian : Гомбожаб Цэбекович Цыбиков Gombozhab Tsebekovich Tsybikov ; Mongolian : Цэвэгийн Гомбожав , alternatively romanized as Gombozhab and Tsybikoff ) ( 20 April 1873 -- 20 September 1930 ) , was a Russian explorer of Tibet from 1899 to 1902 .
Juan Cobo OP ( 高母羨 ) ( ca . 1546 - 1592 ) was Spanish Dominican missionary , diplomat , astronomer and sinologist .
Dag Solstad ( born 16 July 1941 ) is a Norwegian novelist , short - story writer , and dramatist whose work has been translated into several languages .
Bong Joon - ho ( Hangul : 봉준호 ; born September 14 , 1969 ) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter .
Rafael Sari ( Alghero , 1904 - 1978 ) was a popular Sardinian poet and writer in Catalan .
Marie - Joseph Peyre ( 1730 -- 11 August 1785 ) was a French architect who designed in the neoclassical style .
Vaclovas Biržiška ( 2 December 1884 -- 3 January 1956 ) was a Lithuanian attorney , bibliographer , and educator .
Mathieu - Richard - Auguste Henrion ( b. Metz , 19 June 1805 ; d. Aix - en - Provence , September , 1862 ) was a Baron , French magistrate , historian , and journalist .
Luigi Squarzina ( 18 February 1922 -- 8 October 2010 ) was an Italian theatre dramatist and director .
Francesca Sanvitale ( 17 May 1928 - 9 February 2011 ) was an Italian novelist and journalist , `` one of Italy 's most renowned contemporary authors '' .
Thomas de Grey , 6th Baron Walsingham ( 29 July 1843 -- 3 December 1919 ) was an English politician and amateur entomologist .
George Joseph Gustave Masson ( 9 March 1819- 29 August 1888 ) , was an English - born educational writer with a French father and an English mother .
Gaspare Carpegna ( 8 April , 1625 -- 6 May , 1714 ) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal .
René - Michel Slodtz called Michel - Ange Slodtz ( 1705 - 1764 ) was a French sculptor who worked in Rococo style , and active mainly in Paris and Rome for the Menus - Plaisirs du Roi .
Akif Pirinçci ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpiːʁɪntʃi ) ; born 20 October 1959 ) is a German writer of Turkish origin who is best known internationally for his novel Felidae .
Thor Heyerdahl ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( tuːr ˈhæɪəɖɑːl ) ; October 6 , 1914 -- April 18 , 2002 ) was a Norwegian adventurer and ethnographer with a background in zoology , botany , and geography .
Kálmán Thaly ( 3 January 1839 , Csép - 26 September 1909 , Zablát ) was a Hungarian poet , historian and politician .
Denys Johnson - Davies ( Arabic : دنيس جونسون ديڤيز ) is an eminent Arabic - to - English literary translator who has translated , inter alia , several works by Nobel Prize - winning Egyptian author Naguib Mahfouz , Sudanese author Tayeb Salih , Palestinian poet Mahmud Darwish and Syrian author Zakaria Tamer .
Raoul Cabrol ( 1895 - -1956 ) was a French caricaturist .
Marguerite Long ( 13 November 1874 -- 13 February 1966 ) was a French pianist and teacher .
John Willis Fleming ( 28 November 1781 -- 4 September 1844 ) was an English landed proprietor and Conservative Member of Parliament .
Eugen Kumičić ( 11 January 1850 -- 13 May 1904 ) was a prominent Croatian writer and politician .
Friedrich Delitzsch ( September 3 , 1850 -- December 19 , 1922 ) was a German Assyriologist .
Mariama Bâ ( April 17 , 1929 -- August 17 , 1981 ) was a Senegalese author and feminist , who wrote in French .
Henri Atlan ( born 27 December 1931 , Blida , French Algeria ) is a French biophysicist and philosopher .
Javier Tomeo ( September 9 , 1932 - June 22 , 2013 ) was a Spanish ( Aragonese ) essayist , dramatist , and novelist .
John Calcraft the elder ( 1726 -- 23 August 1772 ) , of Rempstone in Dorset and Ingress in Kent , was an English army agent and politician .
Emanuele Paternò di Sessa was an Italian chemist , discoverer of the Paternò--
Karl Rawer ( born April 19 , 1913 ) is a German specialist in radio wave propagation and the ionosphere .
Jean - Adrien Mercier ( 1899 - -1995 ) was a French illustrator and advertising designer .
Hu Jintao ( Chinese : 胡锦涛 pinyin : Hú Jǐntāo , pronounced ( xǔ tɕìntʰáʊ ) ; born 21 December 1942 ) is a Chinese politician who was the paramount leader of China between 2002 and 2012 .
Delhi Kumar is a Tamil stage , television and film actor who is known for performing supporting roles in teleserials like Metti Oli and Engey Brahmanan .
Hans Ernst von Kottwitz ( 1 September 1757 -- 13 May 1843 ) was a German Pietist and philanthropist .
Herbert Juttke ( 1897 - -1952 ) was a British - born German screenwriter who worked on around fifty film screenplays during his career .
Juan Francisco de Castro Fernández ( 1721 - -1790 ) was a Spanish priest , lawyer and writer from Lugo .
Jean Suret - Canale ( 27 April 1921 -- 23 June 2007 ) was a French historian of Africa , Marxist theoritican , political activist , and World War II French Resistance fighter .
Matthew Tree ( born December 30 , 1958 ) is a writer in English and Catalan .
Sir John Bertrand Watson ( 16 May 1878 -- 16 February 1948 ) was an English lawyer , Chief Metropolitan Magistrate and Liberal Party politician .
William Withering FRS ( 17 March 1741 -- 6 October 1799 ) was an English botanist , geologist , chemist , physician and the discoverer of digitalis .
Ercole Patti ( 16 February 1903 -- 15 November 1976 ) was an Italian author , dramatist , screenwriter and journalist .
Giovanni Arrighi ( 7 July 1937 -- 18 June 2009 ) was an Italian scholar of political economy and sociology , and from 1998 a Professor of Sociology at Johns Hopkins University .
Baron Péter Apor de Altorja ( 1676 - -1752 ) was a Hungarian count ( főispán ) and historian .
Józef Baran ( born January 17 , 1947 in Borzęcin is a Polish poet , living in Kraków .
Charles Bargue ( c. 1826/1827 -- April 6 , 1883 ) was a French painter and lithographer who devised a drawing course .
Charles Sadron ( 12 May 1902 -- 5 September 1993 ) , is a French physicist specialized in the study of biological macromolecules .
Sir Thomas Clarges , 2nd Baronet ( 25 July 1688 - 19 February 1759 ) , of Aston , near Stevenage , Hertfordshire , was an English politician .
Adolph Hausrath ( 13 January 1837 -- 2 August 1909 ) , a German theologian , was born at Karlsruhe .
Danny Yatom ( Hebrew : דני יתום‎ , born 15 March 1945 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Labor .
Dezső Kosztolányi ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈdɛʒøː ˈkostolaːɲi ) ; March 29 , 1885 -- November 3 , 1936 ) was a Hungarian poet and prose - writer .
Luce Irigaray ( French : ( iʁigaʁɛ ) ; born 3 May 1930 ) is a Belgian - born French feminist , philosopher , linguist , psycholinguist , psychoanalyst and cultural theorist .
Jacques Sébastien François Léonce Marie Paul Fagot ( 1842 - 1908 ) was a French malacologist who often published under the name Paul Fagot .
Paruyr Sevak ( Armenian : Պարույր Սևակ ) ( January 24 , 1924 -- June 17 , 1971 ) was an Armenian poet , translator and literary critic .
Víctor Israel born José María Soler Vilanova ( 13 June 1929 -- 19 September 2009 ) was a Spanish ( Catalan ) film actor .
Roberto Losada Rodríguez ( Chinese : 盧比度 ; born 25 October 1976 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward .
William Poel ( 1852 - 1934 ) was an English actor , theatrical manager and dramatist best known for his presentations of Shakespeare .
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Jiménez ( born 10 June 1970 in San Juan de Aznalfarache , Seville , Spain ) aka El Sevilla is a Spanish actor and the lead singer of the comedy rock band Mojinos Escozios .
Józef Oleksy ( ˈjuzɛf ɔˈlɛksɨ ) ( 22 June 1946 -- 9 January 2015 ) was a Polish left - wing politician , former chairman of the Democratic Left Alliance ( Sojusz Lewicy Demokratycznej , SLD ) .
Yi In - hwa ( born January 5 , 1966 ) ( Hangul : 이인화 ) is a South Korean writer , literary critic and professor
Anneliese Maier ( German : ( ˈmaɪɐ ) ; November 17 , 1905 in Tübingen , Germany -- December , 1971 in Rome , Italy ) was a German historian of science .
Johann Habermann , also Johannes Avenarius ( 10 August 1516 -- 5 December 1590 ) was a German Lutheran theologian .
Maxwell Ruthven Thornton ( 11 July 1878 -- 30 August 1950 ) was an English Liberal politician and lawyer .
Menahem Stern ( Hebrew : מנחם שטרן‎ ; March 5 , 1925 -- June 22 , 1989 ) was an internationally acclaimed Israeli historian of the Second Temple period .
Otto Freundlich ( 10 July 1878 -- 9 March 1943 ) was a German painter and sculptor of Jewish origin and one of the first generation of abstract artists .
Sir Frank Fraser Darling FRSE LLD ( born Frank Darling , 23 June 1903 -- 22 October 1979 ) was an English ecologist , ornithologist , farmer , conservationist and author , who is strongly associated with the highlands and islands of Scotland .
Émile Roubaud ( March 2 , 1882 in Paris -- September 30 , 1962 in Paris ) was a French biologist and entomologist known for his work on paludism , yellow fever and sleeping sickness .
Vittoria Aganoor ( Armenian : Վիկտորիա Աղանուր , 26 May 1855 -- 9 April 1910 ) was an Italian poet with Armenian ancestry .
Ponciano Ponzano y Gascón ( 19 January 1813 -- 15 September 1877 ) was a Spanish neoclassical sculptor .
Annibale Carracci ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈnibale karˈrattʃi ) ; November 3 , 1560 -- July 15 , 1609 ) was an Italian Baroque painter .
Irene Pivetti ( born 4 April 1963 ) is an Italian journalist and politician , she was President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1996 .
Willi Baumeister ( 22 January 1889 -- 31 August 1955 ) was a German painter , scenic designer , art professor , and typographer .
Manuel Bretón de los Herreros ( December 19 , 1796 , Quel ( Logrono ) -- November 8 , 1873 , Madrid ) was a Spanish dramatist , educated at Madrid .
Jonathan Goldberg is a literary theorist ; formerly the Sir William Osler Professor of English Literature at Johns Hopkins University , he is currently Arts and Sciences Distinguished Professor of English at Emory University where he directed Studies in Sexualities from 2008 - 12 .
Gurbachan Singh Bhullar ( born March 18 , 1937 ) is a Punjabi author of short stories .
Barthélemy d'Herbelot de Molainville ( 14 December 1625 -- 8 December 1695 ) was a French Orientalist .
Henry Aldrich ( 1647 -- 14 December 1710 ) was an English theologian and philosopher .
Pedro Laín Entralgo ( 15 February 1908 - 5 June 2001 ) was a Spanish medical researcher .
Marisol González Casas ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maɾiˈsol ɣonˈsales ) ; born March 12 , 1983 ) is a Mexican television personality , actor , and beauty pageant titleholder who competed in the Miss Universe 2003 pageant , held in Panama City , Panama on June 3 , 2003 .
José Luis Garci ( born as José Luis García Muñoz ; 20 January 1944 ) is a Spanish director , producer , critic , TV presenter , screenwriter and author .
Pedro José Amadeo Pissis Marín ( Brioude , France , May 17 , 1812 -- January 21 , 1889 , Santiago de Chile ) was a French geologist who served the Chilean government in the 19th century .
Juan Hormaechea Cazón ( born 5 June 1939 ) is a former Spanish politician and former President of Cantabria between 1987 and 1990 , and again from 1991 to 1995 .
Mahesh Bhatt ( born 20 September 1948 ) is an Indian film director , producer and screenwriter known for his works exclusively in Hindi cinema .
Claudio Lolli ( Bologna , March 28 , 1950 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter , poet , writer and secondary school teacher .
Boileau - Narcejac is the nom de plume by which French crime fiction writers Pierre Boileau ( 28 April 1906 -- 16 January 1989 ) and Pierre Ayraud , aka Thomas Narcejac ( 3 July 1908 -- 9 June 1998 ) collaborated .
François Bonnemer was a French painter and engraver who was born at Falaise in 1637 .
Augustin Roux ( French : ( ʁu ) ; 26 January 1726 -- 28 June 1776 ) was a French doctor , encyclopedist and man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment .
Kaikala Satyanarayana is an Indian film actor , producer and director in Telugu Cinema .
Ernest Wichner ( born in Zăbrani , 17 April 1952 ) is a German writer , editor and literary translator .
Arrigo Petacco ( Castelnuovo Magra , 1929 ) is an Italian writer , historian and journalist .
Nicole El Karoui is a French - Tunisian mathematician , and pioneer in the development of mathematical finance , born May 29 , 1944 , in Paris ( maiden name `` Nicole Schvartz '' ) .
Hilton Edwards ( 2 February 1903 -- 18 November 1982 ) was an English - born Irish actor , lighting designer and theatrical producer .
Keith Richards ( born 18 December 1943 ) is an English musician , singer , songwriter , actor , and one of the original members of the rock band The Rolling Stones .
Jean - François - Auguste Le Dentu ( 21 June 1841 in Basse - Terre ( Guadeloupe ) -- 26 October 1926 in Paris ) was a French surgeon .
William Auld ( 6 November 1924 -- 11 September 2006 ) was a Scottish poet , author , translator and magazine editor who wrote chiefly in Esperanto .
Dan Rhodes ( born 1972 ) is an English writer , possibly best known for the novel Timoleon Vieta Come Home ( 2003 ) , a subversion of the popular Lassie Come Home movie .
Ippolito Nievo ( Italian pronunciation : ( ipˈpɔːlito ˈnjɛːvo ) ; 30 November 1831 -- 4 March 1861 ) was an Italian writer , journalist and patriot .
Klaus Holzkamp ( November 30 , 1927 , Berlin -- November 1 , 1995 ) was a German psychologist .
Cristóbal Colón de Carvajal y Gorosábel , 18th Duke of Veragua , ( October 4 , 1949 - ) is a Spanish nobleman , businessman and formerly an officer , helicopter pilot , and commander of a naval vessel in the Spanish Navy .
Israel Gohberg ( Hebrew : ישראל גוכברג‎ ; Russian : Изра́иль Цу́дикович Го́хберг ; 23 August 1928 -- 12 October 2009 ) was a Bessarabian - born Soviet and Israeli mathematician , most known for his work in operator theory and functional analysis , in particular linear operators and integral equations .
William Bullokar was a 16th - century printer who devised a 40-letter phonetic alphabet for the English language .
Miguel Ángel Lotina Oruechebarría ( born 18 June 1957 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker , and a current manager .
Yezid Sayigh ( Arabic : يزيد صايغ‎ ) ( b. 1955 ) is a senior associate at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut , Lebanon .
José María Sicilia ( born 1954 ) is a Spanish abstractionist painter who currently resides in Paris and Sóller .
Keki N. Daruwalla ( born 1937 ) is a major Indian poet and short story writer in English language .
Eduardo Dato e Iradier ( 12 August 1856 -- 8 March 1921 ) was a Spanish political leader .
Stefan Hertmans ( born in Ghent , Belgium in 1951 ) is a Flemish Belgian writer .
Louis - Joseph Le Lorrain ( Paris , 1715- 1760 ) was a French painter and engraver .
Juan José Arbolí y Acaso ( 1795 - -1863 ) was a Spanish priest , writer and essayist .
John Payne Collier ( London , 11 January 1789 -- 17 September 1883 ) , was an English Shakespearian critic and forger .
Jane Barker ( 1652 - 1732 ) was a popular English fiction writer , poet , and a staunch Jacobite .
János Zsámboky or János Zsámboki or János Sámboki , ( with his humanist name Latin : Johannes Sambucus , or Johannes Pannonicus Sambucus ; June 1 , 1531 - June 13 , 1584 ) was a Hungarian humanist scholar : physician , philologist and historian .
James Scudamore , 3rd Viscount Scudamore ( baptised 15 July 1684 -- 2 December 1716 ) , was an English politician .
Dr . Rudi Georgi ( born 25 December 1927 in Bockau ) was a politician and public official in the German Democratic Republic .
Victor Langlois ( 20 March 1829 -- 14 May 1869 ) was a French historian , archaeologist , professor , numismatist , and orientalist who specialized in the study of the Middle Ages .
Major John Roland Abbey ( 23 November 1894 -- 24 December 1969 ) was an English book collector and High Sheriff .
Cvetka Lipuš has received numerous prizes , and her poems are translated in several other languages including English , German , and Bulgarian .
Neagu Djuvara ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈne̯aɡu d͡ʒjuˈvara ) ; born August 18 , 1916 ) is a Romanian historian , essayist , philosopher , journalist , novelist and diplomat .
Silvio Kuhnert ( born 9 September 1969 in Oelsnitz , Vogtland ) is a German singer of popular folk music and a music producer .
Fernando Villalón Daoíz y Halcón , conde de Miraflores de los Ángeles ( Morón de la Frontera , Seville , 31 May 1881 - Madrid , 8 March 1930 ) was a Spanish poet and farmer .
Luis Royo ( born 1954 ) is a Spanish artist born in Olalla , a village in the Aragonese province of Teruel .
John Temple Leader ( 1810 - -1903 ) was an English politician and connoisseur .
Georges Duplessis ( 19 March 1834 -- 26 March 1899 ) was a French art historian and curator .
Alf Sommerfelt ( November 23 , 1892 -- October 12 , 1965 ) , was a Norwegian linguist and the first professor of linguistics in Norway , working at the University of Oslo from 1931 to 1962 .
Richard Kroner ( 8 March 1884 in Breslau -- 2 November 1974 in Mammern ) was a German neo - Hegelian philosopher , known for his Von Kant bis Hegel ( 1921/4 ) , a classic history of German idealism written from the neo - Hegelian point of view .
Didier Marouani ( born in 1953 in Monaco ) is a French composer and musician .
Manuel Martí ( 1663 - -1737 ) was a Spanish archeologist , humanist , writer , and hellenist .
Alexandre Vincent Jandel ( born at Gerbéviller , Lorraine , 18 July 1810 ; died at Rome , 11 December 1872 ) was a French Dominican , who became Master of the Order of Preachers .
Petr Pithart ( born 2 January 1941 , in Kladno ) is a Czech politician , lawyer and political scientist .
Ulrich Schindel ( September 10 , 1935 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German classical philologist .
Jean - Jacques Burlamaqui ( French : ( byʁlamaki ) ; 24 June 1694 -- 3 April 1748 ) was a Swiss legal and political theorist who popularised a number of ideas propounded by other thinkers .
Iraj Afshar ( 8 October 1925 -- 9 March 2011 ) ( Persian : ایرج افشار‎‎ ) was a bibliographer , historian , and an iconic figure in the field of Persian studies .
Frauke Eigen ( born 1969 in Aurich , Germany ) is a German photographer , photojournalist and artist .
Thierry Sabine ( 13 June 1949 , Neuilly - sur - Seine -- 14 January 1986 , Mali ) was a French wrangler , motorcycle racer , and founder and main organizer of Paris Dakar .
Peter Sellers , CBE ( born Richard Henry Sellers ; 8 September 1925 -- 24 July 1980 ) was an English film actor , comedian and singer .
Marion Montaigne ( born April 8 , 1980 ) is a French cartoonist , known particularly for her popular science comics .
Sir Robert Davers , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1653 - -1722 ) was an English politician and landowner .
Guido Boggiani ( 1861 - -1902 ) was an Italian painter , draftsman , photographer , and ethnologist who in 1887 traveled through the interior of Brazil , Bolivia and Paraguay to document the lives of Indians in the region .
Claudio Abbado , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈklaudjo abˈbaːdo ) ; 26 June 1933 -- 20 January 2014 ) was an Italian conductor .
Thiagarajan is an Indian actor , director and producer of Tamil films .
Thierry Ardisson ( born January 6 , 1949 in Bourganeuf , Creuse ) , is a French television producer and host and a movie producer .
Rev. Félix Granda y Álvarez Buylla ( Mieres , 1868 - -1954 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest and sacred artist who founded the liturgical art workshop Talleres de Arte and directed its activities until his death .
William Whittingham ( c. 1524 - -1579 ) was an English Biblical scholar , Bible translator , and Marian exile .
Pierre Dubreuil ( March 5 , 1872 - January 9 , 1944 ) was a French photographer , born in Lille , who spent his career in France and Belgium .
Montague Garrard Drake ( 1692 - 1728 ) , of Shardeloes , near Amersham , Buckinghamshire , was an English politician .
Judith Schalansky ( born 20 September 1980 , in Greifswald ) is a German writer , book designer and publisher .
Chakravarthy Chandrachud ( born 1977 ) is a journalist , writer , and director , fondly known as Dada in the contemporary Kannada literary field .
İlhan Berk ( 18 November 1918 -- 28 August 2008 ) was a leading contemporary Turkish poet .
Bozenna Intrator ( born 1964 , also Bozena Intrator Bożena Wnukowska ) is a Polish - American writer , lyricist and translator .
Tserents ( Armenian : Ծերենց , born Hovsep Shishmanyan , ( Armenian : Հովսեփ Շիշմանյան ) : September 16 ( 28 ) , 1822 in Constantinople -- February 1 ( 13 ) , 1888 in Tiflis ) , was a prominent Armenian writer .
Bhakti Barve ( 10 September 1948 -- 12 February 2001 ) was an Indian film , theatre and television actress in Marathi , Hindi , and Gujarati .
Feridun Zaimoğlu ( born 4 December 1964 in Bolu ) is a German author and visual artist of Turkish origin .
John Eugenikos ( Greek : Ἰωάννης Εὐγενικός , Constantinople , after 1394 -- Laconia , after 1454/5 ) was a late Byzantine cleric and writer .
John Christopher Atkinson ( 1814 - -1900 ) was an English author , antiquary , and priest .
Pyotr Arsenievich Smirnov ( Russian : Пётр Арсе́ньевич Смирно́в ) ( 1831 - 1898 ) created Russia 's leading pre - revolutionary vodka company , an antecedent of both Smirnoff and Smirnov vodka .
Rüdiger Lautmann ( born December 22 , 1935 ) is a German professor of sociology and one of the most prominent LGBT scholars in Germany .
Maria Gripe , born Maja Stina Walter ( 25 July 1923 -- 5 April 2007 ) , was a Swedish author of books for children and young adults , often written in a magical and mystical tone .
María Luisa Seco Lumbreras ( June 1 , 1948 - April 22 , 1988 ) was a Spanish television presenter .
Pierre Borel ( Latin : Petrus Borellius ; c. 1620 -- 1671 ) was a French savant : a chemist ( and reputed alchemist ) , physician , and botanist .
Giulietto Chiesa ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒuˈljetto ˈkjɛza ) ; born on 4 September 1940 in Acqui Terme , Province of Alessandria , Italy ) is an Italian journalist and politician , and was a Member of the European Parliament for North - West Italy with the Independent - Di Pietro - Occhetto List Civil Society .
Józef Bachórz ( born 1934 ) is a Polish phylologist , professor of Gdansk University , an expert in Polish poetry .
Holger Gustafsson ( born 1946 ) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician , member of the Riksdag since 1991 .
Jules Ladoumègue ( 10 December 1906 -- 2 March 1973 ) was a French middle - distance runner .
Eugen Kolisko ( 21 March 1893 -- 29 November 1939 ) was an Austrian - German physician and educator who was born in Vienna .
Paul - Hippolyte de Beauvilliers , duke of Saint - Aignan ( 15 November 1684 , Paris -- 22 January 1776 , Paris ) was a French diplomat , soldier , chevalier des ordres du Roi and peer of France .
Peter Michael Hamel ( born in Munich , 15 July 1947 ) is a German composer .
Santiago Rusiñol i Prats ( Catalan : ( səntiˈaɣu ruziˈɲɔɫ ) ; 25 February 1861 -- 13 June 1931 ) was a Spanish painter , poet , and playwright .
René Joachim Henri Dutrochet ( November 14 , 1776 -- February 4 , 1847 ) was a French physician , botanist and physiologist .
Josep Coll i Martí ( Pessonada , Conca de Dalt , Pallars Jussà ( Catalonia ) , October 16 , 1949 ) , better known as Pep Coll , is a Catalan writer .
Dominique Varry ( born 22 July 1956 , in Belfort ) is a French historian of books and professor at École nationale supérieure des sciences de l'information et des bibliothèques , part of the University of Lyon .
Prosper Weil ( born September 21 , 1926 ) is a French lawyer , professor emeritus of Panthéon - Assas University 's law school and , since 1999 , a member of the Institut de France 's Académie des sciences morales et politiques .
Ann - Sofi Sidén is a contemporarty Swedish artist .
`` To many observers of the Austrian and German art scene , Paul Flora appears to have weathered many storms on his stony path to becoming well known for his characteristic black ink line drawings .
Tadeusz Isakowicz - Zaleski ( Armenian : Թադևոս Վարդապետ Իսահակյան-Զալեսկի , Tadevos Vartapet Isahakian - Zaleski ) is a Polish Roman Catholic and Armenian Catholic priest , author and activist .
Carl Jakob Sundevall ( 22 October 1801 , Högestad - 2 February 1875 ) was a Swedish zoologist .
Jean - Jacques Lequeu ( September 14 , 1757 -- March 28 , 1826 ) was a French draughtsman and architect .
Josef Dobrovský ( 17 August 1753 -- 6 January 1829 ) was a Bohemian philologist and historian , one of the most important figures of the Czech national revival .
Dr. Abel Hureau de Villeneuve was an aeronautical experimenter , and ran a major French aeronautical society and journal in the late nineteenth century .
Louis John Frederick Ashdown - Hill , FSA ( born 1949 ) , commonly known as John Ashdown - Hill , is an independent historian and author of books on late medieval English history with a focus on the House of York and Richard III of England .
Kottayam Santha ( Malayalam : കോട്ടയം ശാന്ത ) was an Indian film actress and Dubbing artist best known for her work in Malayalam cinema .
David David - Weill ( 1871 - 1952 ) was a French - American banker , chairman of Lazard Frères in Paris , who built an important collection of art . His collection was plundered by the Nazis during the Second World War and over 2000 items seized .
Ravi Mohan ( born 10 September 1980 ) , better known by his stage name Jayam Ravi , is an Indian film actor in the Tamil film industry .
Pierre - Paul Prud'hon ( April 4 , 1758 -- February 16 , 1823 ) was a French Romantic painter and draughtsman best known for his allegorical paintings and portraits .
Anna Kamieńska ( Krasnystaw , 12 April 1920 -- Warsaw , 10 May 1986 ) was a Polish poet , writer , translator and literary critic who wrote many books for children and adolescents .
Ulrich Jasper Seetzen ( January 30 , 1767 -- September 1811 ) was a German explorer of Arabia and Palestine from Jever , German Frisia .
Gerson von Bleichröder ( 22 December 1822 -- 18 February 1893 ) was a Jewish German banker .
Thierry Marx ( born 19 September 1962 ) is a French chef , specialised in molecular gastronomy .
Camillo Togni ( 18 October 1922 -- 28 November 1993 ) was an Italian composer , teacher , and pianist .
Carles Puigdemont i Casamajó ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈkarɫəs pudʒðəˈmon i kəzəməˈʒo ) ) ( Amer , 29 December 1962 ) is a politician and former journalist from Catalonia .
Mario Casas Sierra ( born in A Coruña , Galicia , Spain on 12 June 1986 ) is a Spanish actor .
Antoninus Liberalis ( Greek : Ἀντωνῖνος Λιβεράλις ) was an Ancient Greek grammarian who probably flourished between AD 100 and 300 .
Daniela Sanzone is an Italian and Canadian journalist .
Pierre Lafitte Ithurralde ( 21 May 1901 -- 23 February 1985 ) was a French Basque priest and author .
Pierre - Philippe - André Levêque de Vilmorin ( November 30 , 1776 - March 21 , 1862 ) , more commonly known as Philippe André de Vilmorin , was a notable French horticulturist .
Ajmer Rode is a Canadian author writing in Punjabi as well as in English .
Sébastien Demorand ( born August 4 , 1969 ) is a French journalist and food critic .
Henry Festing Jones ( 1851 - -1928 ) was an English solicitor and writer , known as the friend and posthumous biographer of Samuel Butler .
Christian Matthias Theodor Mommsen ( 30 November 1817 -- 1 November 1903 ) was a German classical scholar , historian , jurist , journalist , politician , archaeologist and writer generally regarded as one of the greatest classicists of the 19th century .
Gherasim Luca ( 23 July 1913 -- 9 February 1994 ) was a French - speaking Surrealist theorist and poet .
Jacob Caro ( February 2 , 1835 -- December 12 , 1904 ) was a Jewish German historian .
Alfred Freddy Krupa ( Krūppa ) ( 14 June 1971 ) is a Croatian contemporary painter , master draughtsman , book artist and art teacher .
Paolo Emiliani Giudici ( 13 June 1812 -- 8 September 1872 ) , Italian writer , was born in Mussomeli , Sicily .
Bartholomäus Kilian ( 1630 - -1696 ) , was a German engraver and member of the Kilian family of engravers .
Ettore Bastianini ( September 24 , 1922 -- January 25 , 1967 ) was an Italian opera singer who was particularly associated with the operas of Verdi .
André Godard ( 21 January 1881 -- 31 July 1965 ) was an archaeologist , architect and historian of French and Middle Eastern Art . He also served as director of Iranian Archeological Service ( IAS ) ( Edāre - ye kol - e ' atiqāt ) .
Vincent Perrot ( born 3 August 1965 in Confolens ) is a French journalist , radio and television presenter and drag racing driver .
Jules Marcel de Coppet ( 1881 - -1968 ) was a French colonial administrator stationed in several countries in Africa before becoming governor - general of French West Africa .
Wilhelm Lübke ( 17 January 1826 -- 5 April 1893 ) was a German art historian , born at Dortmund .
Abdallah Zrika ( Arabic : عبد الله زريقة‎ ) ( born 1953 in Casablanca ) is one of the most famous poets of Morocco .
Paulus Stephanus Cassel ( February 27 , 1821 -- December 23 , 1892 ) , born Selig Cassel , was a German Jewish convert to Christianity , writer , orator , and missionary to Jews .
Vytautas Barkauskas ( born March 25 , 1931 ) is a Lithuanian composer and is a Professor of Composition of the Lithuanian Academy of Music , where he has taught since 1961 .
Stuart Gilbert ( 25 October 1883 -- 5 January 1969 ) was an English literary scholar and translator .
Joaquín Chapaprieta y Torregrosa ( Torrevieja , 26 October 1871 -- Madrid , 1951 ) was a Spanish political figure during the Second Spanish Republic .
Icíar Bollaín Pérez - Mínguez ( born June 12 , 1967 in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish actress , director and screenwriter .
Gaetano Latilla ( 12 January 1711 -- 15 January 1788 ) was an Italian opera composer , the most important of the period immediately preceding Niccolò Piccinni ( his nephew ) .
Johann Gottfried Gruber ( November 29 , 1774 , Naumburg -- August 7 , 1851 , Halle ) was a German critic and literary historian .
Louis - Frédéric Nussbaum , also known as Louis Frédéric or Louis - Frédéric ( 1923 - -1996 ) , was a French scholar , art historian , writer , translator and editor .
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry Hanmer , KH ( 23 January 1789 - 2 February 1868 ) was an English Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1837 .
Fritz Aldinger ( born April 30 , 1941 in Marbach am Neckar ) is a German materials scientist .
Enzo Fileno Carabba is an Italian writer with published works in Italy and abroad .
Albert Lautman ( February 8 , 1908 -- August 1 , 1944 ) was a French mathematical philosopher .
Sergio Fabbrini ( born 21 February 1949 ) is an Italian political scientist .
Giovanni Battista Amici ( Italian : ( dʒoˈvanni batˈtista aˈmiːtʃi ) ; 25 March 1786 -- 10 April 1863 ) was an Italian astronomer , microscopist , and botanist .
Sir Sidney Colvin ( 18 June 1845 -- 11 May 1927 ) was an English curator and literary and art critic , part of the illustrious Anglo - Indian Colvin family .
Antonio Rodríguez Luna ( July 22 , 1910 -- 1985 ) was a Spanish painter who developed most of his career while in exile in Mexico during the Spanish Civil War .
Ragnar von Holten ( born 12 March 1934 in Gleiwitz , Silesia , died 26 September 2009 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish painter , printmaker , book illustrator and museum curator .
Geoffrey Alan Blyth ( 27 July 1929 , London -- 14 August 2007 , Lavenham ) was an English music critic , author , and musicologist who was particularly known for his writings within the field of opera .
Pisanello ( c. 1395 -- c. 1455 ) , known professionally as Antonio di Puccio Pisano or Antonio di Puccio da Cereto , also erroneously called Vittore Pisano by Giorgio Vasari , was one of the most distinguished painters of the early Italian Renaissance and Quattrocento .
Marie - Sophie Germain ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁi sɔfi ʒɛʁmɛ̃ ) ; 1 April 1776 -- 27 June 1831 ) was a French mathematician , physicist , and philosopher .
Born in Chicago , Illinois on November 22 , 1905 , James Burnham was the son of Claude George Burnham , an English immigrant and executive with the Burlington Railroad .
Mario Alberti ( born May 7 , 1965 ) is an Italian comic book artist and writer known for his works on the collections Nathan Never , Legs Weaver , Morgana and Redhand , and for his cover work , in particular for DC Comics .
Rudolf Schenker ( born 31 August 1948 in Hildesheim , Lower Saxony ) is a German guitarist and founding member of the hard rock band Scorpions , being the rhythm / lead guitarist and one of the main songwriters of the band .
François - Joseph Double ( 1776 - 1842 ) was a French physician and co - founder of the Académie Nationale de Médecine .
Vivien Merchant ( born Ada Brand Thomson ; 22 July 1929 -- 3 October 1982 ) was an English actress .
Henri Gouhier ( French : ( guje ) ; 5 December 1898 -- 31 March 1994 ) was a French philosopher , a historian of philosophy , and a literary critic .
Johann Heinrich Köselitz ( 10 January 1854 -- 15 August 1918 ) was a German author and composer .
Friedrich Adolph Roemer ( 15 April 1809 -- 25 November 1869 ) , German geologist , was born at Hildesheim , in the Kingdom of Westphalia .
Lorenzo Acquarone ( born 25 February 1931 in Ventimiglia ) is an Italian lawyer and politician .
Émile Peynaud ( June 29 , 1912 -- July 18 , 2004 ) was a French oenologist and researcher who has been credited with revolutionizing winemaking in the latter half of the 20th century , and has been called `` the forefather of modern oenology '' .
Luciano Bianciardi ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈtʃano bjanˈtʃardi ) ; 14 December 1922 -- 14 November 1971 ) was an Italian journalist , translator and writer of short stories and novels .
Johan Ihre ( 3 March 1707 -- 1 December 1780 ) was a Swedish philologist and historical linguist .
Riccardo Illy ( born 24 September 1955 ) is an Italian businessman and former politician .
Gerbert de Montreuil was a 13th - century French poet from the north of France .
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu ( Northern Vietnamese pronunciation : ( ŋwiən˧ˀ˥ vǎn˧ tʰiəw˧ˀ˩ʔ ) ; Southern Vietnamese pronunciation : ( ŋwiŋ˧˩˧ vǎŋ˧ tʰiw˨˧ ) ; 5 April 1923 -- 29 September 2001 ) was the president of South Vietnam from 1965 to 1975 .
Ralph Niger , Latin Radulphus Niger or Radulfus Niger , anglicized Ralph the Black ( c. 1140 -- c. 1217 ) , was an Anglo - French theologian and one of the English chroniclers .
Johann August Nauck ( September 18 , 1822 -- August 3 , 1892 ) was a German classical scholar and critic .
Luigi Fabbri ( 23 December 1877 -- 24 June 1935 ) , was an Italian anarchist , writer , agitator and propagandist who was charged with defeatism during the World War I. He was the father of Luce Fabbri .
Trevor Steele ( born 1940 ) is an Australian Esperantist who has written numerous short stories and novels in Esperanto .
Šatrijos Ragana ( `` Witch of Šatrija '' ) was the pen name of Marija Pečkauskaitė ( March 8 , 1877 -- July 24 , 1930 ) , a Lithuanian humanist and romantic writer and educator .
Francisco Javier Rojo Garcia ( born 2 March 1949 ) is a Spanish socialist politician , from 2004 to 2011 , he served as President of the Spanish Senate .
Charles Pierre Chapsal ( 1787 - -1858 ) was a French grammarian , editor of the Classics and a founding member in 1821 of the Société de Géographie .
Sydney Hervé Aufrère ( born July 2 , 1951 in Boulogne - Billancourt ) is a French Egyptologist , archaeologist , and director of research at CNRS .
Christophe Michalak ( born 22 July 1973 in Senlis , Oise , France ) is a French Master Pâtissier ( pastry chef ) , author and television presenter .
Rodrigo de Quiroga López de Ulloa ( c. 1512 -- February 20 , 1580 ) was a Spanish conquistador of Galician origin .
Alda Neves da Graça do Espírito Santo ( April 30 , 1926 -- March 9 , 2010 ) , known as Alda do Espírito Santo , was a poet working in the Portuguese language .
Martine Beck ( b. 1947 ) is a French psychotherapist , as well as an author of picture books and other children 's literature .
Nicholas Camusat was a French historian who was born at Troyes in 1575 , and died in 1655 .
William of Tyre ( Latin : Willelmus Tyrensis ; c. 1130 -- 29 September 1186 ) was a medieval prelate and chronicler .
Theophilus Lindsey ( 20 June 1723 O.S. -- 3 November 1808 ) was an English theologian and clergyman who founded the first avowedly Unitarian congregation in the country , at Essex Street Chapel .
Francisco Fernández Díaz - Martín was a Spanish playwright , poet , writer , lecturer and reciter born in Cabezuela in the cacereño Valle del Jerte .
Giorgio Strehler ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒordʒo ˈstrɛːler ) ; 14 August 1921 -- 25 December 1997 ) was an Italian opera and theatre director .
Adolphe - Marie Hardy ( 23 May 1868 in Dison -- 19 June 1954 in Laeken ) was a Belgian writer first published in 1888 He rose to be a major figure in French literature .
Duke Carl Gregor of Mecklenburg ( German : Herzog Carl Gregor zu Mecklenburg ; born 14 March 1933 ) is a member of the House of Mecklenburg - Strelitz and a music and art historian .
Juris Kronbergs ( born 1946 ) is a Latvian - Swedish poet and translator , living in Stockholm .
Véronique de Viguerie ( born in 1978 ) is a French photojournalist .
Cooperation between Marc Bauer who animated the film and wrote the script , and the French music group Kafka who composed and performed the music .
Claire Ferchaud ( May 5 , 1896 - January 29 , 1972 ) , in religion Sister Claire of Jesus Crucified was a French visionary and mystic , whose claims were ultimately rejected by the Catholic Church .
Farzaneh Aghaeipour ( Persian : فرزانه آقايي پور‎ ) is an Iranian playwright , author , and activist .
Grace Aguilar ( 2 June 1816 -- 16 September 1847 ) was an English novelist , poet and writer on Jewish history and religion .
Thomas Stellmach ( born 1965 in Straubing , West Germany ) is a German animated film producer and director .
Walter William Skeat ( 21 November 1835 -- 6 October 1912 ) , FBA , was the pre - eminent English philologist of his time , and was instrumental in developing English as a higher education subject in the United Kingdom .
Renato Ricci ( 1 June 1896 - 22 January 1956 ) was an Italian fascist politician active during the government of Benito Mussolini .
Avianus ( c. AD 400 ) a Latin writer of fables , identified as a pagan .
Gunnar Olof Hyltén - Cavallius ( 1818 - 1889 ) was a Swedish scholar of cultural history , librarian , theatre director , and diplomat .
Angana Bose is a Bengali theatre and film actress .
Johann Karl August Musäus ( 29 March 1735 -- 28 October 1787 ) was a popular German author and one of the first collectors of German folk stories , most celebrated for his Volksmärchen der Deutschen ( 1782 - -86 ) , a collection of German fairy tales retold as satires .
Petra Reski ( born 1958 , in Kamen ) is a German journalist and author renowned for her anti - Mafia publications .
In 1988 , W. Kordes ' Sons , a German rose breeding company introduced the Mireille Mathieu Rose to match her favorite lipstick color .
Isabel García Tejerina ( Valladolid , 9 October 1968 ) is a Spanish politician who is a member of the PP . She has been General Secretary of Agriculture and Feeding of Spain in two periods : of April 2000 to April 2004 and of February 2012 to April 2014 .
Alphonse Pénaud ( May 31 , 1850 -- October 22 , 1880 ) , was a 19th - century French pioneer of aviation design and engineering .
Georg Friedrich Eduard William Wrede ( German : ( ˈvʀeːdə ) ; 10 May 1859 -- 23 November 1906 ) was a German Lutheran theologian .
Johann Heinrich Lambert ( German : ( ˈlambɛʁt ) , Jean - Henri Lambert in French ; 26 August 1728 -- 25 September 1777 ) was a Swiss polymath who made important contributions to the subjects of mathematics , physics ( particularly optics ) , philosophy , astronomy and map projections .
Prabhas ( born Prabhas Raju Uppalapati ) is an Indian film actor known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema .
John Sherlock ( c.1705 - 25 July 1794 ) was a Spanish brigadier general in the Ultonia Regiment .
Jagdish Raj Khurana ( Hindi : जगदीश राज खुराना ; 1928 -- 28 July 2013 ) was a Bollywood actor who holds a Guinness World Record record for being the most type - cast actor .
Eva Germaine Rimington Taylor ( 1879 - -1966 ) was an English geographer and historian of science , the first woman to hold an academic chair of geography in the United Kingdom .
Victor Eftimiu ( 24 January 1889 -- 27 November 1972 ) was a Romanian poet and playwright .
Joseph - Théodore Deck ( 2 January 1823 -- 15 May 1891 ) was a 19th - century French potter .
Masud Ghnaim ( Arabic : مسعود غنايم‎ , Hebrew : מסעוד גנאים‎ ; born 14 February 1965 ) is an Israeli Arab politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for the United Arab List .
Abul Asad ( Bengali : আবুল আসাদ ; born 1942 ) is a writer and journalist in Bangladesh .
Lauge Koch ( 5 July 1892 -- 5 June 1964 ) was a Danish geologist and Arctic explorer .
Désiré - Émile Inghelbrecht ( 17 September 1880 -- 14 February 1965 ) was a French composer , conductor and writer .
Guido Turchi ( 10 November 1916 -- 15 September 2010 ) was an Italian composer and writer on music .
Fernando Tambroni Armaroli ( 25 November 1901 -- 18 February 1963 ) was a right - wing Italian politician of the Christian Democratic Party .
Abraham Castanho was a Spanish poet who lived at Amsterdam in the middle of the 17th century .
Ulrike Draesner , born 1962 in Munich , is a German author .
Andrea Riccardi ( born 16 January 1950 in Rome ) is an Italian historian , professor , politician and activist , founder of the Community of Sant'Egidio .
Thomas Twisden Hodges ( died 12 March 1865 ) was an English Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1835 and 1852 .
Moyukh Chowdhury ( Bengali : ময়ুখ চৌধুরী ; born 22 October 1950 ) is a Bangladeshi poet , critic , researcher and professor .
John Levett ( 1721 -- 1799 ) of Wychnor Park , Staffordshire , was an English landowner and investor , and a Tory politician .
Gian Biagio Conte ( born 1941 , La Spezia ) is an Italian classicist and professor of Latin Literature at the Scuola Normale Superiore of Pisa .
Giacomo Bove ( 23 April 1852 -- 9 August 1887 ) was an Italian explorer .
José María Pemán y Pemartín , KOGF ( 8 May 1897 , Cadiz - 19 July 1981 ) was a Spanish journalist , poet , novelist , essayist , and right - wing intellectual .
William Barnes ( 22 February 1801 -- 7 October 1886 ) was an English writer , poet , Church of England priest , and philologist .
Florence Benoît - Rohmer ( born 20 September 1952 ) is a French jurist , specializing in European Law and Human Rights , and currently a Professor of Public Law at the University of Strasbourg .
Ludwig Schödl ( October 31 , 1909 -- February 20 , 1997 ) , born in Berlin , was a brilliant militant of the Workers ' Esperanto Movement in Germany as well as abroad between the 1920s and the 1930s .
Fernando Arcega Aperte ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ferˈnando arˈθeɣa ) ; born 1960 - 09 - 03 in Ainzón , Zaragoza , Aragón ) is a retired basketball player from Spain .
Hélène Darroze ( born 23 February 1967 ) is a French chef .
Simon Jenko ( October 27 , 1835 -- October 18 , 1869 ) was a Slovene poet , lyricist and writer .
Paolo Virzì ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈpaːolo virˈdzi ) ; born March 4 , 1964 ) is an Italian film director , writer and producer .
Laurence Vaux ( Vose ) ( 1519 - -1585 ) was an English canon regular .
David MacIver ( 24 August 1840 - 1 September 1907 ) was an English steam ship owner and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1874 and 1907 .
Elias Khoury ( Arabic : إلياس خوري‎ ) ( born 12 July 1948 ) is a Lebanese novelist , playwright , critic , and prominent public intellectual .
Matija Antun Relković ( also Reljković ; 6 January 1732 -- 22 January 1798 ) was Habsburg military officer and Croatian writer .
Rogener Pavinski ( born 1981 in Ribeirão Preto , Brazil ) is a Brazilian Esperantist , singer and bass guitar player in the Esperanto rock band Supernova , which has performed at Esperanto world congresses and youth events .
Diamela Eltit ( born 1949 , Santiago de Chile ) is a writer and a Spanish professor from Chile .
Saint Íñigo of Oña ( Basque : Eneko , Latin : Enecus , Ennecus , Innicus or Ignatius , Spanish : San Enecón , San Íñigo ; died 1 June 1057 ) was the Benedictine abbot of San Salvador at Oña .
Georges Jean Marie Darrieus ( 24 September 1888 -- 15 July 1979 ) was a French aeronautical engineer in the 20th century .
François - Henri - Joseph Blaze , known as Castil - Blaze ( 1 December 1784 -- 11 December 1857 ) , was a French musicologist , music critic , composer , and music editor .
Gregor Dorfmeister ( born March 7 , 1929 in Tailfingen , today part of Albstadt ) is a German journalist and writer .
António Pinho Vargas ( born Vila Nova de Gaia , August 15 , 1951 ) is a Portuguese composer and pianist specialized in the performance and writing of Jazz and contemporary music .
Paolo Giovio ( also spelled Paulo Jovio ; Latin : Paulus Jovius ; April 19 , 1483 -- December 11 , 1552 ) was an Italian physician , historian , biographer , and prelate .
Shaul Tchernichovsky ( 20 August 1875 -- 14 October 1943 ; Hebrew : שאול טשרניחובסקי‎ ; Russian : Саул Гутманович Черниховский ) , was a Russian - born Hebrew poet .
Alberto Magnelli ( 1 July 1888 -- 20 April 1971 ) was an Italian modern painter who was a significant figure in the post war Concrete art movement .
Jean Rondeau ( 13 May 1946 in Le Mans , France -- 27 December 1985 in Champagné , France ) was a French race car driver and constructor , who won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1980 , in a car bearing his own name , an achievement which remains unique in the history of the race .
Margarete Mitscherlich - Nielsen ( née Nielsen ; 17 July 1917 -- 12 June 2012 ) was a German psychoanalyst .
Mihály Csokonai Vitéz ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmihaːj ˈt͡ʃokonai ˈviteːz ) ; archaically English : Michael Csokonai Vitez ; 17 November 1773 - 28 January 1805 ) was a Hungarian poet , a main person in the Hungarian literary revival of the Enlightenment .
Kashinath Singh ( Hindi : काशीनाथ सिंह , born 1937 ) is an Indian writer and scholar of Hindi language and known for writing novels and short stories in Hindi .
Reuven Tsur ( Hebrew : ראובן צור ) ( born 1932 ) is professor emeritus of Hebrew literature and literary theory at Tel Aviv University .
Włodzimierz Antkowiak ( born 30 October 1946 , in Grudziądz ) is a Polish poet and painter .
Ugo Gregoretti ( born 28 September 1930 ) is an Italian film , television and stage director , actor , screenwriter , author and television host .
Jila Baniyaghoob ( or Zhīlā Banī Yaʻqūb , Persian : ژيلا بنى يعقوب ; born 21 August 1970 ) is an Iranian journalist and women 's rights activist .
Michel Baud ( 11 November 1963 - 13 September 2012 ) was a French Egyptologist , head of the Nubian Sudan section in the Department of Egyptian Antiquities of the Louvre Museum .
François Godement , born June 14 , 1949 , is a French historian , specialist of China and international relations in East Asia .
Siegfried Matthus ( born 13 April 1934 , in Mallenuppen ( now Russian : Задорожье Zadorozhye , Ozyorsky District , Kaliningrad Oblast ) , Landkreis Darkehmen , East Prussia ) is a German composer and opera director living in Berlin and is one of Germany 's most often performed contemporary composers .
Robert Karjel ( born 25 October 1965 ) is a Swedish writer of literary thrillers .
William Wavell Wakefield , 1st Baron Wakefield of Kendal ( 10 March 1898 -- 12 August 1983 ) , known as Sir Wavell Wakefield between 1944 and 1963 , was an English rugby union player for Harlequins and England , President of the Rugby Football Union and Conservative politician .
Giovanni Lami ( 1697 - -1770 ) was an Italian jurist , Church historian , and antiquarian .
Adolf Uzarski ( April 14 , 1885 -- July 14 , 1970 ) was a German writer , artist , and illustrator associated with the New Objectivity movement .
Christian Lequesne ( born 26 December 1962 in Vitry - le - François ) is a French academic .
Carlo Matteucci ( June 21 , 1811 - June 25 , 1868 ) was an Italian physicist and neurophysiologist who was a pioneer in the study of bioelectricity .
Vahan Malezian ( Armenian : Վահան Մալեզեան , 1871 in Sulina , Romania - 1966 in Nice , France ) was an Armenian writer , translator , poet , and social activist .
Wojciech Bogusławski ( 9 April 1757 -- 23 July 1829 ) was a Polish actor , theater director and playwright of the Polish Enlightenment .
Francesco Barozzi ( in Latin , Franciscus Barocius ) ( 9 August 1537 -- 23 November 1604 ) was an Italian mathematician , astronomer and humanist .
Dino Compagni ( c. 1255 -- February 26 , 1324 ) was an Italian historical writer and political figure .
Enki Bilal ( born October 7 , 1951 ) is a French comic book creator , comics artist and film director .
Franco Solinas ( 19 January 1927 - 14 September 1982 ) was an Italian writer and screenwriter .
Georges Ferdinand Bigot ( 7 April 1860 - 10 October 1927 ) was a French cartoonist , illustrator and artist .
Johannes de Thurocz ( Hungarian : Thuróczy János ; Slovak : Ján z Turca or Ján de Turocz , German : Johannes de Thurocz , variant contemporary spelling : de Thwrocz ) ( c. 1435 -- 1488 or 1489 ) , was a Hungarian historian and the author of Latin :
France Prešeren ( pronounced ( fɾanˈtsɛ pɾɛˈʃeːɾən ) ) ( 2 or 3 December 1800 -- 8 February 1849 ) was a 19th - century Romantic Slovene poet , best known as the poet who has inspired virtually all later Slovene literature and has been generally acknowledged as the greatest Slovene classical author .
Hjalmar Frisk ( 4 August 1900 , Gothenburg -- 1 August 1984 , Gothenburg ) was a Swedish linguist in Indo - European studies and rector of Göteborg University 1951 - -1966 .
Michal Horáček is a Czech entrepreneur , lyricist , poet , writer , journalist and producer .
J. Erik Lindegren ( August 5 , 1910 -- May 31 , 1968 ) was a Swedish author , poet , critical writer and member of the Swedish Academy ( 1961 - -68 , chair 17 ) .
Ernst Hermann Riesenfeld ( 25 October 1877 -- 19 May 1957 ) was a German / Swedish chemist .
Aramais Sahakyan ( Armenian : Արամայիս Սահակյան , May 24 , 1936 -- March 14 , 2013 ) was an Armenian poet , humorist , publicist and translator .
Miguel Porlán Noguera ( born 12 October 1961 ) , known as Chendo , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back .
Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie , FRS ( 3 June 1853 -- 28 July 1942 ) , commonly known as Flinders Petrie , was an English Egyptologist and a pioneer of systematic methodology in archaeology and preservation of artefacts .
Born in Hampstead , Ian Scott - Kilvert was educated at Harrow School , for whom he played cricket , and Caius College , Cambridge , where he gained a first in English literature .
Giovanni Battista Scaramelli ( 24 November 1687 -- 11 January 1752 ) was an Italian Jesuit , ethicist and ascetical writer .
Raymond Buckland ( born 31 August 1934 ) , whose craft name is Robat , is an English American writer on the subject of Wicca and the occult , and a significant figure in the history of Wicca , of which he is a High Priest in both the Gardnerian and Seax traditions .
Louis - Luc Loiseau de Persuis ( 4 July 1769 -- 20 December 1819 ) was a French violinist , conductor , choirmaster , teacher , composer , and theatre director .
Sargis Barkhudaryan ( Armenian : Սարգիս Բարխուդարյան ) ( August 26 , 1887 -- October 25 , 1973 ) was an Armenian composer , pianist and educator .
Ernst Runar Schildt ( October 26 , 1888 , Helsinki -- September 29 , 1925 ) was a Swedish - speaking Finnish author from Helsinki .
Hans Daniel Ludwig Friedrich Hassenpflug ( February 26 , 1794 -- October 15 , 1862 ) , German statesman , was born at Hanau in Hesse .
Niklas Frank ( born 9 March 1939 ) is a German author and journalist best known for an intimate and strongly accusatory book about his father , Hans Frank , the Nazi lawyer who became Governor - General of occupied Poland during World War II .
Jean de La Taille ( c.1540 - c.1607 ) was a French poet and dramatist born in Bondaroy .
Jean Gabriel Maurice Rocques , comte de Montgaillard ( November 16 , 1761 -- February 8 , 1841 ) was a French political agent of the Revolution and First Empire era .
Juan Carlos Calderón López de Arróyabe ( 7 July 1938 - 25 November 2012 ) was a Spanish singer - songwriter and musician .
Mariano Rampolla del Tindaro ( 17 August 1843 -- 16 December 1913 ) was an Italian Cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church .
José Ortega y Gasset ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xoˈse orˈteɣa i ɣaˈset ) ; 9 May 1883 -- 18 October 1955 ) was a Spanish liberal philosopher , and essayist .
Jorge Llopis ( 1919 - -1976 ) was a Spanish satirist , actor and playwright best known for Los Pelópidas , a two - act satire of Greek tragedy , and for the parodic false anthology of the Spanish poetry Las mil peores poesías de la lengua castellana .
Cherusseri Namboothiri is a 15th - century Malayalam poet who belonged to Kolathunadu in northern Kerala .
Sakıp Sabancı ( 7 April 1933 -- 10 April 2004 ) was a prominent Turkish business tycoon and philanthropist .
Arthur Carl Victor Schott ( 27 February 1814 -- 26 July 1875 ) , was a German - American artist , topographical engineer , cartographer , botanist and geologist
Derek Haas attended Baylor University in Waco , Texas , where he earned both his B.A. and M.A. in English Literature .
Inger Frimansson ( born November 14 , 1944 in Stockholm ) is a popular Swedish novelist and crime writer .
Muhammad Afifi Matar ( 1935 -- 28 June 2010 ) , in Arabic محمد عفيفي مطر , was an Egyptian poet .
Apringius of Beja was a sixth - century Latin Church Father who wrote a commentary on the Book of Revelation .
Kildrummy ( Scottish Gaelic : Cionn Droma ) is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire , Scotland near the River Don , 7 miles west of Alford .
North Creake is a village and civil parish in the north west of the English county of Norfolk .
Hintham is a village west of Rosmalen in the ' s - Hertogenbosch municipality of Noord - Brabant province .
The Ninoy Aquino Stadium is one of two indoor sporting arenas located in the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex in Manila , Philippines , the other being the Rizal Memorial Coliseum .
The Heryford Brothers Building ( also known locally as the Elks Building ) is a historic commercial building in Lakeview , Oregon , United States .
Spook Cave is a flooded cave located about seven miles west of McGregor , Iowa in rural Clayton County , Iowa .
The Overmyer - Waggoner - Roush Farm ( also known as `` Creek Bend Farm '' ) is a historic farmstead on the southern edge of the village of Lindsey in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
The Gila Valley Bank and Trust Building is a former bank building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Globe , Arizona .
Kindrativ ( Ukrainian : Кіндратів , Polish : Kondratów ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
The Tonto Trail is a hiking trail on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon National Park , located in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Sâncrăieni ( Hungarian : Csíkszentkirály or colloquially Szentkirály , Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃiːksɛnkiraːj ) , German : Heilkönig , both meaning `` holy king '' and referring to King St Stephen of Hungary ) is a commune in Harghita County , Romania .
Boraszyce Wielkie ( bɔraˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Galt House is a 25-story , 1300-room hotel in Louisville , Kentucky established in 1972 .
Leszczka Duża ( ˈlɛʂt͡ʂka ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Cramlington is a town and civil parish in the county of Northumberland , North East England , situated 9 miles ( 14 kilometres ) north of the city of Newcastle upon Tyne .
Yellagonga Regional Park is in Perth , Western Australia , in the City of Wanneroo and the City of Joondalup .
Big Sur Station is a multiagency visitor center and ranger station operated by Caltrans , the Los Padres National Forest , and California State Parks .
Qeysariyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قيصريه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qeysarīyeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qaisarīyeh , Qeyşarīyeh , and Qeyşarīyeh - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The At Home Music Academy is a specialty music school located in Los Angeles , California and provides private in - home music lessons and instruction on a variety of instruments .
Hockerill Halt railway station was a station serving the Hockerill area of Bishop 's Stortford in East Hertfordshire in England .
Cadówek ( t͡saˈduvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobiele Wielkie , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Hibbard Apartment Building is an apartment building located at 8905 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit , Michigan , directly adjacent to The Kean .
Benhesar ( Persian : بن حصار‎ , also Romanized as Behnesār ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fredericton International Airport ( IATA : YFC , ICAO : CYFC ) is an airport in Lincoln , New Brunswick , Canada , 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8.1 mi ) southeast of Fredericton .
Skryhiczyn ( skrɨˈxit͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Lalkuan ( Hindi : लालकुआँ ) is a Nagar Panchayat in the Nainital district of the Indian state of Uttarakhand .
Shurjeh - ye Emam Jomeh ( Persian : شورجه امام جمعه‎ , also Romanized as Shūrjeh - ye Emām Jom``eh ) is a village in Varqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 132 , in 22 families .
Ten Mile River Baptist Church , also known as Tusten Baptist Church , is a historic Baptist church on NY 97 , at the junction with Cochecton Turnpike in Tusten , Sullivan County , New York .
Maaf Vaziri ( Persian : معاف وزيري‎ , also Romanized as Ma``āf Vazīrī ; also known as Armanī Maḩalleh and Ma``āf ) is a village in Ziabar Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 137 , in 37 families .
The Steamer Range is a series of spectacular rock formations branching off the Main Range National Park in Queensland , Australia .
Chongzhou ( Chinese : 崇州 ; pinyin : Chóngzhōu ) is a county - level city under the jurisdiction of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan province , People 's Republic of China , located about 37 kilometres ( 23 mi ) west - southwest of downtown Chengdu .
KCMR ( Inspiration 97.9 FM ) is a Christian radio station licensed to serve the community of Mason City , Iowa , USA .
The Tancredo Neves Bridge , better known as Fraternity Bridge ( Portuguese : Ponte da Fraternidade , Spanish : Puente de la Fraternidad ) connects the Brazilian city of Foz do Iguaçu with the Argentine Puerto Iguazú , crossing over the Iguassu River .
Knights Plaza at University of Central Florida , commonly referred to as Knights Plaza , is an athletic village and shopping center on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando , Florida , USA .
Bacze Suche ( ˈbat͡ʂɛ ˈsuxɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Norwegian County Road 755 ( Norwegian : Fylkesvei 755 ) is a 91.2-kilometre ( 56.7 mi ) county road that runs from the village of Røra in Inderøy to the village of Vanvikan in Leksvik , all in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Located in the Metekel Zone of the Benishangul - Gumuz Region , Bulen is the largest settlement in Bulen woreda .
Michigan City Municipal Airport ( IATA : MGC , ICAO : KMGC , FAA LID : MGC ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Michigan City , in LaPorte County , Indiana , United States .
The Smith Museum of Stained Glass Windows was an exhibition which opened in February 2000 at Chicago 's Navy Pier entertainment complex .
The Herring House is a historic home near La Grange , Lenoir County , North Carolina .
Benambani ( Persian : بنم باني‎ , also Romanized as Benambānī ; also known as Benahbānī ) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Reed Island State Park is a Washington state park on the Columbia River 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Washougal in Clark County .
Gananoque Airport , ( TC LID : CNN8 ) , is located 4.3 nautical miles ( 8.0 km ; 4.9 mi ) northwest of the town of Gananoque , Ontario , Canada , in Canada 's busy Quebec City - Windsor Corridor .
Mtskheta - Mtianeti ( Georgian : მცხეთა-მთიანეთი ) is a region ( Mkhare ) in eastern Georgia comprising the town of Mtskheta , which serves as a regional capital , together with its district and the adjoining mountainous areas . The western part is controlled by the breakaway Republic of South Ossetia since 1992 and the independence of Georgia .
The Maison carrée d'Arlac is a neoclassical folly building constructed between 1785 and 1789 , in the town of Mérignac just outside Bordeaux , France .
Masudiyeh ( Persian : مسعوديه‎ , also Romanized as Masʿūdīyeh ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kand - e Bolaghi ( Persian : كندبلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Kand - e Bolāghī and Kand Bolāghī ; also known as Gonbad Bolaghi , Kand Bulākhe , and Kand - e Bolāqī ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Shirin Su District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Sokolniki Mokre ( sɔkɔlˈniki ˈmɔkrɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Huntington College of Health Sciences , formerly known as the American Academy of Nutrition , is a for - profit higher education institution based in Knoxville , Tennessee that offers programs in nutrition and health via distance education .
Carleton St Peter is a civil parish in South Norfolk approximately 8 1⁄2 miles ( 13.7 km ) south - east of Norwich .
Kamantu ( Persian : كمنتو‎ , also Romanized as Kamantū ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Today Bad Rehburg is a village in the borough of Rehburg - Loccum in the south of the district of Nienburg / Weser in Lower Saxony .
It was located just east of present - day Fort Supply , Oklahoma , in what was then the Cherokee Outlet .
Yangling District ( simplified Chinese : 杨陵区 ; traditional Chinese : 楊陵區 ; pinyin : Yánglíng Qū ) is a district of the city of Xianyang , Shaanxi province , People 's Republic of China , located on the plains of Wei River .
Jalostotitlán is a town and municipality located in the northeast corner of the state of Jalisco , Mexico , in a region known as Los Altos .
Millpool is a hamlet in the parish of Cardinham in Cornwall , England .
Darreh Naqi ( Persian : دره نقي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Naqī ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sarab - e Bardin ( Persian : سراببردين‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Bardīn and Sarābardīn ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The William Decker House is located on New Prospect Road in the Town of Shawangunk , New York , USA , at the center of the onetime hamlet of Dwaarkill , on the banks of the creek of the same name .
The Inner Harbor is a historic seaport , tourist attraction , and landmark of the city of Baltimore , Maryland , USA .
Fontana Lake is a reservoir impounded by Fontana Dam on the Little Tennessee River located in Graham and Swain counties in North Carolina .
The Hundred Islands National Park ( Pangasinan : Kapulo - puloan or Taytay - Bakes ) is a national park in the Philippines .
Gowyzeh - ye Kavireh ( Persian : گويزه كوره‎ , also Romanized as Gowyzeh - ye Kavīreh ; also known as Gūyzeh Kavīr ) is a village in Sarkal Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gloria Church ( Portuguese : Nossa Senhora de Gloria ) is one of the oldest Roman Catholic churches in Mumbai built by the Portuguese Franciscans in 1632 .
Derby Downs , in Akron , Ohio , has been the home track of the All American Soap Box Derby since it was built as a Works Progress Administration project in the late 1930s .
Barzab ( Persian : برزآب‎ , also Romanized as Barzāb , Barz Āb , and Borzāb ; also known as Barzāo and Barzā’ū ) is a village in Zhavarud - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Suncoast Stadium is located on the campus of Suncoast Community High School in the City of Riviera Beach , Florida .
Dirmuli ( Persian : ديرمولي‎ , also Romanized as Dīrmūlī ; also known as Deh Mūlā ) is a village in Avalan Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Paseo Arts District was built in 1929 as the first commercial shopping district north of Downtown Oklahoma City by Oklahoman G.A. Nichols .
Tall Movizi ( Persian : تل مويزي‎ , also Romanized as Tall Movīzī ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Hatcher Garden and Woodland Preserve is a 10-acre ( 40,000 m2 ) public garden located at 820 John B. White Sr . Blvd . in Spartanburg , South Carolina .
Honeyri - ye Yek ( Persian : حنيري يك‎ , also Romanized as Honeyrī - ye Yek ; also known as Haneyrī and Homaireh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Quaqtaq ( Inuktitut : ᖁᐊᖅᑕᖅ ) is a northern village ( Inuit community ) in Nunavik , northern Quebec , Canada .
The Yelverton Inn and Store is a group of four historical buildings in Chester , New York , United States .
Capitol Hill Arts Center , also known by its acronym CHAC ( pronounced `` shack '' ) , was a performing arts center located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle , Washington .
Badcaul ( Scottish Gaelic : Bada Call ) is a village in Highland , Scotland , on the southern shore of Little Loch Broom .
Elveden Centre is a three - tower office building located at 717 7th Avenue South West in Calgary , Alberta .
The Goldwell Open Air Museum is an outdoor sculpture park near the ghost town of Rhyolite in the U.S. state of Nevada .
The Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway Depot is a historic Charlotte Harbor and Northern Railway depot in Boca Grande , Florida .
Black Hills National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in South Dakota , located three miles ( 5 km ) southeast of Sturgis in Meade County .
Kania Mała ( ˈkaɲa ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chociwel , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
La Chaire a Calvin is a rock shelter near the village of Mouthiers - sur - Boëme in the Département of Charente , situated in the vallée du Gersac .
Locksbottom is an area of Greater London , England and is a part of the London Borough of Bromley .
The Pilbara is a large , dry , thinly populated region in the north of Western Australia .
Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument is a U.S. National Monument that includes the area around Mount St. Helens in Washington .
Trudoxhill is a village and civil parish near Nunney in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
Pastrook ( Turkish : Alagözler ) is a village in the municipality of Ivaylovgrad , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
Middle Stewiacke Airport ( TC LID : CCB2 ) is an abandoned airport that was located adjacent to the Stewiacke River near Middle Stewiacke , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Qaen Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قائن‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mascalucia ( Sicilian : Mascalucìa ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) north of Catania .
Point Lonsdale Lighthouse , also known as the Point Lonsdale Signal Station , is close to the township of Point Lonsdale in the Borough of Queenscliffe , Victoria , Australia .
Woodlesford is a village in the metropolitan county of West Yorkshire , England , 6 miles ( 10 km ) south - east of Leeds city centre .
Maku Kandi ( Persian : ماكوكندي‎ , also Romanized as Mākū Kandī ) is a village in Anzal - e Jonubi Rural District , Anzal District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nanyue District ( simplified Chinese : 南岳区 ; traditional Chinese : 南嶽區 ; pinyin : Nányuè Qū ) is one of five districts of Hengyang , Hunan province , China , located in a rural area northeast of the city center .
The Atlantic Gas Station ( also known as the Valiant Auto Body Shop ) is a historic site in Miami , Florida located at 668 Northwest 5th Street .
The Willow Creek Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous to Early Paleocene age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin of southwestern Alberta .
Moravia Union Cemetery , also known as Dry Creek Cemetery , is a historic cemetery located at Moravia in Cayuga County , New York .
Rańsko - Leśniczówka ( ˈraɲskɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Pine Street Art Works is a privately owned art gallery and store , in Burlington , Vermont , showing 20th and 21st century painting and photography , as well 20th century posters , chromolithographs and assorted works on paper .
Kaft Galleh Duk ( Persian : كفت گله دوك‎ , also Romanized as Kaft Galleh Dūk ) is a village in Hati Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Elzanowo ( ɛlzaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Arroyo Elementary School is a school that is part of the Tustin Unified School District , California , USA .
Bearwardcote is a hamlet and civil parish in the South Derbyshire district of Derbyshire , England .
Sahmui - ye Shomali ( Persian : سهموي شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Sahmūī - ye Shomālī ; also known as Sahmoo Shomali , Sahmū Shemālī , and Sahmū - ye Shomālī ) is a village in Chah - e Mobarak Rural District , Chah - e Mobarak District , Asaluyeh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Havnelageret ( also known as Oslo Havnelager ) is a commercial building located at Langkaia 1 in Oslo , Norway .
Opequon Golf Club , also known as the Stonebridge Golf Club and Martinsburg Golf Club , is a historic country club clubhouse located at Martinsburg , Berkeley County , West Virginia .
Most Holy Trinity Catholic Cemetery is a cemetery in East Hampton , New York that is the burial ground for the paternal ancestors and relatives of First Lady of the United States Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis .
The Jemez Mountains ( pronounced Heh - mez , Tsąmpiye'ip'įn in Towa ) are a volcanic group of mountains in Rio Arriba , Sandoval , and Los Alamos counties , New Mexico , United States .
Davidstow ( Cornish : Lanndhewi ) is a civil parish and village in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Denver World Trade Center is a chapter of the World Trade Center Association located in Denver , Colorado .
The Haystack Mountain Tower in Norfolk , Connecticut is a stone tower on Haystack Mountain designed by Erick Kennsett Rossiter and Rossiter & Muller .
The Phoenix Trotting Park , a horse racing track , was originally built in 1964 in Goodyear , Arizona .
Włosań ( ˈvwɔsaɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilany , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Jodegalabad ( Persian : جدگال اباد‎ , also Romanized as Jodegālābād ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Yangquan ( simplified Chinese : 阳泉 ; traditional Chinese : 陽泉 ; pinyin : Yángquán ) is a prefecture - level city in the east of Shanxi province , People 's Republic of China .
The Lammas School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in Leyton area of the London Borough of Waltham Forest , England .
Ruddington once had a station on the former Great Central Railway ( later part of the LNER ) , the last main line to be built from the north of England to London , opened on 15 March 1899 .
Band Borji ( Persian : بندبرجي‎ , also Romanized as Band Borjī ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Darsunabad ( Persian : درسون اباد‎ , also Romanized as Darsūnābād and Dūrsūnābād ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District , Kahrizak District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Poirier 's Diner is a historic restaurant at 1380 Westminster Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Kursauli , also spelled Kursoli or Kursaoli , is a large village in Uttar Pradesh on the Lower Ganges Canal .
Flying C Airport ( FAA LID : T87 ) is a public airport located five miles ( 8 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Sanger , in Denton County , Texas , USA .
The Forest Dale Historic District is located in the southeastern part of Salt Lake City , Utah and is roughly bounded by 700 East , Interstate 80 , Commonwealth Avenue , and 900 East .
Roccafiorita ( Sicilian : Roccaciurita ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) southwest of Messina .
Tuacahn Center for the Arts is a non - profit 501(c)(3 ) arts center located in the mouth of the Padre Canyon , adjacent to Snow Canyon State Park , in Ivins , Utah .
Nikuyeh ( Persian : نيكويه‎ , also Romanized as Nīkūyeh ; also known as Naki , and Nekū’yā , and Nikuya ) is a village in Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Łosice County ( Polish : powiat łosicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Łankowice ( wankɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Normal Park is the name of a former football field in Chicago , Illinois .
Braunshausen is a village and a civil parish ( Ortsteil ) of the German town of Hallenberg , located in the Hochsauerlandkreis district in North Rhine - Westphalia .
KWDD ( 94.3 FM , `` Wild 94.3 '' ) is a commercial radio station in Fairbanks , Alaska .
Cham Sharu ( Persian : چم شرو‎ , also Romanized as Cham Sharū ; also known as Cham Shahrū ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
SS . Cyril and Methodius in Lemont ( Polish : Kościół Świętego Cyryla i Metodego ) - historic church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago , located in Lemont , Illinois .
Buffalo Gap Historic Village is a large museum of fifteen outdoor structures and West Texas artifacts that reach back to the late 19th century and the early 20th century located in the small town of Buffalo Gap south of Abilene , Texas .
Marhemetabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مرحمت آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wola Bystrzycka ( ˈvɔla bɨsˈtʂɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Victoria Avenue Bridge is a single - arch road bridge across the River Cam in Cambridge , England .
Baker 's Wood is a hamlet 2 miles west of Denham off the A40 in Buckinghamshire , England .
Petah Tikva ( , , `` Opening of Hope '' ; ) known as Em HaMoshavot ( `` Mother of the Moshavot '' ) , is a city in the Central District of Israel , east of Tel Aviv .
Smith Memorial Arch is an American Civil War monument at South Concourse and Lansdowne Drive in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Gach Gerd ( Persian : گچ گرد‎ ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
KFTE ( 105.1 FM , `` Planet Radio '' ) is a commercial radio station in Abbeville , Louisiana , broadcasting to the Lafayette , Louisiana , area .
WJWT ( 91.7 FM ) is a radio station airing a Christian format licensed to serve Gardner , Massachusetts .
Alexander Johnston Hall is a building on the campus of Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey located on the corner of Somerset Street and College Avenue in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
Massachusetts Street ( or Mass Street ) is a main thoroughfare through the central business district of downtown Lawrence , Kansas .
Chehregan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چهرگان‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Tasuj District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Stilwell High School is a high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) in Stilwell , Oklahoma , United States .
Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation ( Ojibwe language : Mikinaakwajiwing ) is an Indian Reservation located primarily in northern North Dakota , United States .
Gatareh ( Persian : گتاره‎ , also Romanized as Gatāreh ; also known as Shahrak - e S̱ārāllah ) is a village in Dasht - e Abbas Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Sisson Dam is a hydroelectric dam built in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and is operated by NB Power corporation .
F.J. Torras Causeway is a causeway located in Glynn County , Georgia , USA that connects the city of Brunswick , Georgia to St. Simons Island , Georgia .
Jabłonna - Kolonia ( jaˈbwɔnna kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Carpenter Community Charter School , formerly Carpenter Avenue Elementary School , is a public K-5 elementary school in Los Angeles , California .
Merseh ( Persian : مرسه‎ ; also known as Merseh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sohrang ( Persian : سهرنگ‎ ; also known as ' Sāreng and Sorāng ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mount Munday is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada .
Bryłów ( ˈbrɨwuf ) ( German : Breile ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ayagoz or Ayakoz ( Kazakh : Аягөз , formerly Russian : Сергиополь , Sergiopol ) is a city of regional significance in Kazakhstan , the administrative centre of Ayagoz district of East Kazakhstan Region .
Kordabad - e Olya ( Persian : كردابادعليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Kordābād - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 49 , in 9 families .
Golden Lake is a body of water located in Renfrew County Ontario , located on the Bonnechere River approximately 25 km southwest of Pembroke , Ontario .
WANI ( 1400 AM , `` News Talk WANI '' ) is a news / talk radio station in Auburn , Alabama .
Metpally is a town in Karimnagar district of the Indian state of Telangana .
The district of Teyateyaneng , Berea District , is the only district in Lesotho which is not named after its camptown .
Longmanhill is a settlement in the Aberdeenshire parish of Gamrie ; it is located along the A98 road connecting Fraserburgh to Macduff .
Czarnotul ( t͡ʂarˈnɔtul ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Żeleźno ( ʐɛˈlɛʑnɔ ) ( formerly German Silesen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Dahlonega Gold Museum Historic Site is a Georgia state historic site located in Dahlonega that commemorates America 's first gold rush and the mining history of Lumpkin County .
Musiri is a Panchayat town in the Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Riske Creek , originally Chilcoten and also Chilcotin , is a ranching and First Nations community located on the Fraser River just southwest of the city of Williams Lake , British Columbia , Canada .
Husky Union Building ( The HUB ) is a building at the University of Washington .
Mashangi ( Persian : ماشنگي‎ , also Romanized as Māshangī and Māshengī ) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Kazemabad ( Persian : مزرعه كاظم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kāẓemābād ) is a village in Garmdarreh Rural District , in the Central District of Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 5 families .
Torrey Pines High School is a high school in the North County Coastal area of San Diego , California .
Hamilton Townhouse is a building in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire , Scotland , which is operated by South Lanarkshire Council .
The Urnerboden is a village in the high valley of Urner Boden , and also an alp and a small high Alpine permanent settlement in the Swiss canton of Uri .
Mar del Tuyú is a resort town and administrative seat of La Costa Partido , on the Argentine Atlantic Coast , with access to Provincial Route 11 .
Badlot is a village and Union Council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Saadatabad - e Golshan ( Persian : سعادت ابادگلشن‎ , also Romanized as Sa``ādatābād - e Golshan ; also known as Sa``ādatābād ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 594 , in 120 families .
Meridian Woods Park is a neighborhood located on the south side of Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
Międzychód County ( Polish : powiat międzychodzki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
The Dunn Memorial Bridge , officially known as the Private Parker F. Dunn Memorial Bridge , carries US 9 and US 20 across the Hudson River between Albany , New York and Rensselaer , New York .
Perkinsville , Arizona , is an unincorporated community in Yavapai County , in the U.S. state of Arizona .
The Ala Moana Hotel is a hotel located at 410 Atkinson Drive in Honolulu , Hawaii .
The Woonsocket City Hall , ( also known as the Harris Institute ) is located at 169 Main Street in Woonsocket , Rhode Island .
Józefinka ( juzɛˈfʲiŋka ) ( German : Josefinental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Quartz Hill High School is a public , co - educational high school located in Quartz Hill , California .
Journal Square is a business district , residential area , and transportation hub in Jersey City , New Jersey , which takes its name from the newspaper Jersey Journal whose headquarters were located there .
Moensberg railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Uccle in Brussels , Belgium .
Biabeh ( Persian : بي آبه‎ , also Romanized as Bīābeh ; also known as Bīābehzir ) is a village in Miankuh - e Moguyi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Outlet Collection Seattle , formerly SuperMall of the Great Northwest , is an outlet mall in Auburn , Washington .
Tilichiki ( Russian : Тили́чики ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Olyutorsky District of Koryak Okrug of Kamchatka Krai , Russia .
Crystal Beach Hill is a geologically old natural sand dune , fifty feet high and originally about two thousand feet long , parallel to the shoreline of Crystal Beach on the south - eastern shore of Lake Erie , in the Village of Crystal Beach and the Town of Fort Erie , Ontario .
Fo Pang ( Chinese : 火棚 ) is an area located in a valley of Kowloon , Hong Kong .
The University of Hull is a public university , founded in 1927 , located in Kingston upon Hull , a city in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Karwik ( ˈkarvik ) ( German : Karwik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vladslo is a village in the Belgian province of West Flanders and a part ( `` deelgemeente '' ) of the municipality of Diksmuide .
Hancock 's Resolution is a historic two - storey gambrel - roofed stone farm house with shed - roofed dormers and interior end chimneys located on a 15-acre ( 6.1 ha ) farm at 2795 Bayside Beach Road in Pasadena , Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States .
The Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was a United States federal government complex located at 200 N.W. 5th Street in Downtown Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , United States .
Koźniewo Wielkie ( kɔʑˈɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chaku Sar ( Persian : چكوسر‎ , also Romanized as Chakū Sar , Chekūsar , Chokūsar , and Chukuser ) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Turner Diagonal ( map ) is a short freeway in Kansas City , Kansas .
Shahrak - e Shahid Bahonar ( Persian : شهرك شهيدباهنر‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shahīd Bāhonar ; also known as Shahīd Bāhonar ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hope Block and Cheapside are two historic commercial buildings located at 22 - 26 and 40 North Main Street in the College Hill neighborhood of Providence , Rhode Island .
Kashanbeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كاشنبه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kāshanbeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Brooklyn Green Historic District is a historic district on Route 169 , Route 205 , U.S. Route 6 , Wolf Den , Brown , Prince Hill , and Hyde Roads in the town of Brooklyn , Connecticut .
Semporna is a district as well as town located in Tawau Division , in the east coast of Sabah , Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Łopianów ( wɔˈpjanuf ) ( German : Loppnow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Bagatti Valsecchi Museum is a historic house museum in the Montenapoleone district of downtown Milan , northern Italy .
Banam Rud ( Persian : بنمرود‎ , also Romanized as Banam Rūd ) is a village in Zohan Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Blackstone Boulevard Realty Plat Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Blackstone Blvd . , Rochambeau Ave . , Holly St. and Elmgrove Ave . in Providence , Rhode Island .
Plainland is a town situated in the Lockyer Valley of South East Queensland , Australia .
Band - e Naqin ( Persian : بندنقين‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Naqīn ; also known as Band - e Naqī and Vand Naqī ) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Santander Arena ( formerly known as the Sovereign Center ) is a 7,160-seat multi - purpose arena , in Reading , Pennsylvania .
Ballindooley , officially Ballindooly ( Irish : Baile an Dúlaigh ) , is a village in County Galway , Ireland .
Bonnington House is a 19th - century country house near Wilkieston , around 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) west of the city of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Rudnik Wielki ( ˈrudnik ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienica Polska , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Cheshmeh Abdollah ( Persian : چشمه عبداله‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh ʿAbdollah ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Fichte - Bunker is a nineteenth - century gasometer in the Kreuzberg district of Berlin , Germany that was made into an air - raid shelter in World War II and subsequently was used as a shelter for the homeless and for refugees , in particular for those fleeing East Berlin for the West .
Mierzączka Duża ( mjɛˈʐɔnt͡ʂka ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Brynmenyn is a small village located at the confluence of the Garw and Ogmore rivers in south Wales , around 4 miles north of Bridgend , and it also in the Bridgend County Borough council area .
The Rough and Ready Cemetery is one of the older cemeteries in Drew County , Arkansas .
The Bowlus Mill House is a historic home and farm complex , located at Spoolsville , Frederick County , Maryland , United States .
Tidenham ( /ˈtɪdənəm/ ) is a village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean of west Gloucestershire , England , adjoining the Welsh border .
Maliheh - ye Sharqi ( Persian : مليحه شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Malīḩeh - ye Sharqī ; also known as Malīḩeh - ye Yek ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Palmer Mansion , constructed 1882 - -1885 at 1350 N. Lake Shore Drive , was once the largest private residence in Chicago , Illinois , located in the Near North Side neighborhood and facing Lake Michigan .
Pagan Creek Dike is a historic causeway located at Lewes , Sussex County , Delaware .
CHTN - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island , at 100.3 FM with a classic hits format branded as Ocean 100 .
Fort Caroline was one of the first French colonies in the present - day United States , located on the banks of the St. Johns River in what is now Jacksonville , Florida .
Konar - e Jahangir ( Persian : كنارجهانگير‎ , also Romanized as Konār - e Jahāngīr and Konār Jahāngīr ; also known as Dashtī ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Mountain Dell Dam provides a water equalizing and storage reservoir for Salt Lake City , Utah located 10 miles ( 16 km ) east of the city in northeastern Salt Lake County , near Interstate 80 in Parley 's Canyon .
The Ardenne Abbey massacre occurred during the Battle of Normandy at the Ardenne Abbey , a Premonstratensian monastery in Saint - Germain - la - Blanche - Herbe , near Caen , France .
Arviat Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CRV8 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) north northwest of Arviat , Nunavut , Canada , and is operated by Joe Savikataaq .
The West Chicago City Museum , originally the Turner Town Hall , is a museum in West Chicago , Illinois .
The Selwyn District Council currently has a service office in Leeston , after the headquarters was shifted to Rolleston .
Mount Rainier High School is a secondary school in Des Moines , Washington , United States ; named for Mount Rainier which can be seen quite well from the school on a clear day , Mount Rainier serves approximately 1600 students and has been active since 1957 .
Bader Field ( IATA : AIY , ICAO : KAIY , FAA LID : AIY ) , also known as Atlantic City Municipal Airport , was a city - owned public - use general aviation airport located in Atlantic City , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Divaneh Khvoy ( Persian : ديوان خوي‎ , also Romanized as Dīvāneh Khvoy ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bid Zard - e Asmari ( Persian : بيدزرداسماري‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Zard - e Āsmārī ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lastivka ( Ukrainian : Ластівка , Polish : Łastówek or Łastówki ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Tang - e Qalangi ( Persian : تنگ قلنگي‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Qalangī ) is a village in Dasht - e Barm Rural District , Kuhmareh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Barsola Kalan is a village located in Nighasan Tahsil of Lakhimpur Kheri district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Campbell Hills are a low range of hills in southern Butte County , California .
Allegheny Market House was located in the Allegheny Center neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and was built in 1863 .
Nézel is the commune in the Yvelines department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Gaoling District ( simplified Chinese : 高陵区 ; traditional Chinese : 高陵區 ; pinyin : Gāolíng Qū ) is under the administration of Xi'an , the capital of Shaanxi province , China .
Imbros or İmroz , officially changed to Gökçeada since 29 July 1970 , ( older name in Turkish : İmroz ; Greek : Ίμβρος Imvros ) , is the largest island of Turkey and the seat of Gökçeada District of Çanakkale Province .
Qavaq Amular ( Persian : قواق عمولر‎ , also Romanized as Qavāq `` Amūlar ) is a village in Qaflankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 85 , in 20 families .
Hava Dul ( Persian : هوادول‎ , also Romanized as Havā Dūl ) is a village in Majin Rural District , Majin District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Asbury Park Convention Hall is a 3,600-seat indoor exhibition center located on the boardwalk and on the beach in Asbury Park , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Farrington Gurney is an English village and civil parish situated in Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority .
Dommoc , a place not certainly identified but probably within the modern county of Suffolk , was the original seat of the Anglo - Saxon bishops of the Kingdom of East Anglia .
Siah Khvor ( Persian : سياه خور‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Khvor , Seyāh Khowr , and Siah Khwār ; also known as Sīāh Khor , Sīāh Khūz , and Suvār Khār ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Luboszewy ( lubɔˈʂɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Lucille Lortel Theatre is an off - Broadway playhouse located at 121 Christopher Street in Manhattan 's West Village .
Wigrańce - Leśniczówka ( viˈɡraɲt͡sɛ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Zgornje Škofije ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ʃkɔˈfiːjɛ ) ; Italian : Scodalizzi ) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Avery Building was the headquarters of the New South Wales Police Force , Australia from the 1970s until 2004 , when a new headquarters building was opened at Parramatta in conjunction with police executive offices located in Elizabeth Street , Sydney .
Zeyarat - e Bala ( Persian : زيارت بالا‎ , also Romanized as Zeyārat - e Bālā ; also known as Zeyārat ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Lantau Peak or Fung Wong Shan ( Chinese : 鳳凰山 , literally `` Phoenix Mountain '' ) is the second highest peak in Hong Kong and the highest point on Lantau Island , with a height of 934 metres ( 3,064 ft ) above sea level .
Romartów ( rɔˈmartuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Vinja Vas ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːnja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Vinja vas ) is a settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Legg 's cross is an Anglo - Saxon cross in County Durham , England , about 4 miles north of Piercebridge on the Pilgrims ' Way ( the modern B6275 and the old Roman road of Dere Street ) .
Sequoyah Fuels Corporation owned and operated a uranium processing plant near Gore , Oklahoma .
Schöntal is a town and municipality in the district of Hohenlohe in Baden - Württemberg in Germany .
Sullivan Correctional Facility is a New York State correctional facility located in Fallsburg , New York .
Desert Winds High School is an intervention / retention high school in Casa Grande , Arizona .
Sheat Manor is a manor house in Chillerton , on the Isle of Wight , England .
Mazgar ( Persian : مزگر‎‎ , also Romanized as Māzgar ; also known as Malger , Mesgar , and Misgar ) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Edgehead ( also known as Chesterhill ) is a village in Midlothian , Scotland .
Shepherd Field Air National Guard Base is the home base of the West Virginia Air National Guard 167th Airlift Wing located at the Eastern West Virginia Regional Airport , 4 miles south of Martinsburg , West Virginia .
The Great Northern Tower designed by Assael Architecture is a 72 metres ( 236 ft ) sloped highrise apartment building located on Watson Street in Manchester city centre , England .
Pieradła ( pjɛˈradwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Tambroso is the name of a Portuguese mountain located in the civil parish of Ribeirinha , in the municipality of Horta , on Faial Island of the Azores .
The Brouwershofje is a hofje on the Tuchthuisstraat in Haarlem , Netherlands .
Lindesnes ( English : the Naze ) is a municipality in the county of Vest - Agder , Norway .
KXDG is a mainstream rock radio station licensed to Webb City , Missouri , owned by Zimmer Radio Group .
Tackaberry Airport ( FAA LID : 07D ) is a privately owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of the central business district of Avoca , a community in Kenockee Township , St. Clair County , Michigan , United States .
Siebenhengste - Hohgant - Höhle is a cave located in Switzerland , in the Canton of Bern north of Lake Thun , between the villages of Eriz and Habkern .
Bylino ( bɨˈlinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vince Genna Stadium is a baseball park in the northwest United States , located in Bend , Oregon .
Tadeuszowo ( tadɛuˈʂɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wahal is a small village in Panvel , in the Raigad district of Maharashtra , India .
Castolon , also known as La Harmonia Ranch and Campo Santa Helena , was a small community in southwestern Texas , located in what is now Big Bend National Park along the Rio Grande .
Qingchuan County ( Chinese : 青川县 ; Pinyin : Qīngchuān Xiàn ) is a county in Sichuan , China , under the jurisdiction of the prefecture - level city Guangyuan .
Petite Martinique is one of the islands of Carriacou and Petite Martinique , which is a dependency of Grenada .
Chalabeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : چالابه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chālābeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Chālāb - e Soflá and Godār ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Jelenia Góra County ( Polish : powiat jeleniogórski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Barmal District ( Pashto : برمل ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی برمل‎ ) is a district of Paktika Province , Afghanistan , near the border with North Waziristan , one of Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas .
Ramesht ( Persian : رمشت‎ ; also known as Ramīsht ) is a village in Amirabad Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Sosa Dam ( German : Talsperre Sosa ) is a dam in the Free State of Saxony in East Germany .
Shakhenat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شاخنات‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Davay - e Lat ( Persian : دعواي لات‎ , also Romanized as Daʿvāy - e Lāt ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Rancho San Juan Cajón de Santa Ana was a 35,971-acre ( 145.57 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present - day Orange County , California grant given in 1837 by Governor Juan Alvarado to Juan Pacífico Ontiveros .
Tuamgraney ( or Tomgraney ; Irish : Tuaim Gréine , meaning `` Tomb of Gráinne '' ) is a village in eastern County Clare in the west of Ireland and a civil parish by the same name .
Missillac ( Merzhelieg in Breton ) is a commune located in the department of Loire - Atlantique in western France .
The Swiss Literary Archives ( SLA - Schweizerische Literaturarchiv ) in Bern collects literary estates in all four national languages of Switzerland ( German , French , Italian and Romansh language ) .
The Choctaw meridian is a meridian that governs the surveys in most of central Mississippi , USA .
The Tjaynera Falls is a waterfall on the Sandy Creek that is located within the Litchfield National Park in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Kheyt - e Zobeyd ( Persian : خيط زبيد‎ , also Romanized as Kheyţ - e Zobeyd ; also known as Boneh - ye Ţāher ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Covenant Fellowship Church is a 1500 + member non - denominational `` reformed charismatic '' church in Glen Mills , Pennsylvania .
Patrick Henry College ( PHC ) is a private , independent college with an Evangelical Christian basis that focuses on teaching classical liberal arts and government , located in Purcellville , Virginia , United States .
One Embarcadero Center is an class - A office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco , California .
The Pietro and Maria Botto House , also known as Pietro Botto House , at 83 Norwood Street , Haledon in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States , is where leaders of the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) union spoke to the 15,000 striking workers of the Paterson Silk Strike of 1913 .
Kolonia Niechmirów ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɲexˈmiruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dixon Mills are a residential complex in Jersey City , New Jersey that uses the buildings of the former location of the Joseph Dixon Crucible Company , which was in use between 1847 and 1895 .
Hatay Province ( , ) is a province in southern Turkey , on the Mediterranean coast .
Maine Township High School District 207 is a school district based in Illinois .
Heron County Park is a park in Newell Township in Vermilion County , Illinois .
Port Phillip Prison is a maximum security prison located at Truganina , Victoria , Australia .
The Centennial Station ( also known as Olympia -- Lacey ) is a train station located immediately south of Lacey , Washington , United States that also serves the capital city of Olympia .
Sajówka ( saˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Bernal Subbasin is an aquifer located in the southwestern corner of Livermore Valley Groundwater Basin , Alameda County , California , USA .
Westwood United Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Stroud Glacier is west of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Meiderich is a quarter of the city of Duisburg .
La Goutelle is part of the canton of Pontgibaud , and like Pontgibaud relied on mining as its major source of income until the early 20th Century .
Varanasi district ( Hindi : वाराणसी ज़िला , Urdu : وارانسی ضلع‎ ) is a district in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh with Varanasi city as the district headquarters .
J. Birney Crum Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Kransberg Castle is situated on a steep rock near Kransberg ( incorporated into Usingen in 1971 ) , a village with about 800 inhabitants in the Taunus mountains in the German state of Hesse .
Shahr - e Jadid - e Hashtgerd ( Persian : شهرجديدهشتگرد‎ , meaning `` Hashtgerd New Town '' , also Romanized as Shahr - e Jadīd - e Hashtgerd ) is a city in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Catalonia ( Catalan : Catalunya , Occitan : Catalonha , Spanish : Cataluña ) is an autonomous community of Spain politically designated as a nationality .
Darrud ( Persian : درود‎ , also Romanized as Darrūd and Dar Rūd ) is a city in Zeberkhan District , in Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Regal Theatre is a theatre located in the suburb of Subiaco in Perth , Western Australia .
The US 83 Bridge at the Salt Fork of the Red River , bringing US 83 across the Salt Fork Red River near Wellington , Texas , was a truss bridge built in 1939 .
Shahrak - e Serias ( Persian : شهرك سرياس‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Serīās ) is a village in Mansur - e Aqai Rural District , Shahu District , Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bashiran ( Persian : بشيران‎ , also Romanized as Bashīrān ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kobuk Valley Wilderness is a wilderness area in Alaska , United States .
WRRC ( 107.7 FM ) is a college radio station in Lawrenceville , New Jersey , serving the students of Rider University .
Wszołów ( ˈfʂɔwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołuchów , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dobropole Pyrzyckie ( dɔbrɔˈpɔlɛ pɨˈʐɨt͡skʲɛ ) ( German : Dobberphul ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Trąbinek ( trɔmˈbinɛk ) ( German : Seeberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Novo Santo Antônio ( Portuguese for `` New Saint Anthony '' ) is a Brazilian municipality of the state of Piauí .
Weiwangzhuang ( Chinese : 徽王庄镇 ) is a town in Ling County , Dezhou , in northwestern Shandong province , China .
Pioneer Academy is an independent college - preparatory school for fifth through twelfth grades , located in Wayne , in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
South Toledo Bend State Park is one of two Louisiana State Parks located on the shores of Toledo Bend Reservoir .
Ute Dam ( National ID # NM00293 ) is a dam at Logan , New Mexico in Quay County , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) west of the Texas state line .
Tileh Kuh ( Persian : تيله كوه‎ , also Romanized as Tīleh Kūh ; also known as Nīleh Kūh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
High Brooms is a north eastern suburb of Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent , England .
The Gilbrae Inn is a historic residential building at 403 River Street in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Gola Górowska ( ˈɡɔla ɡuˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
125 Old Broad Street , formerly called the Stock Exchange Tower and still generally referred to by that name , is a high - rise office building in London , located on Old Broad Street in the City of London financial district .
Reduchów ( rɛˈduxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Glen Eira Town Hall , known originally as Caulfield Town Hall , is located in Caulfield , Victoria , Australia .
WRYT is a radio station broadcasting out of Edwardsville , Illinois with a Catholic format .
Hartwerd ( West Frisian : Hartwert ) is a small village , nears Bolsward , in the municipality of Súdwest - Fryslân in the Province of Friesland in the Netherlands .
Boguszków ( bɔˈɡuʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( myˈzeːjʏm bɔjmɑns vɑn bøːnɪŋən ) ) is an art museum in Rotterdam in the Netherlands .
108 Mile Ranch is a residential community of 700 homes situated in the South Cariboo region of British Columbia located in a historic area of ranches and lakes .
Muri District is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with the administrative capital of Muri .
Shuiding ( Chinese : 水定镇 ; pinyin : Shuǐdìng Zhèn ) , formerly Suiding ( Chinese : 绥定 ; pinyin : Suídìng ) is a town in the Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture , Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region , China and the county seat of Huocheng County .
Steinway Street is a major street in the borough of Queens in New York City , New York , in the United States .
KAZU ( 90.3 FM ) is an NPR - member radio station , licensed in Pacific Grove , California , United States .
The Pavilhão Acácias Rubras is an Angolan indoor sporting arena located in Benguela .
Pietrzykowo - Gołąbki ( pjɛtʂɨˈkɔvɔ ɡɔˈwɔmpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bala Fidarreh ( Persian : بالافيدره‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Fīdarreh ; also known as Bālā Fedreh and Bālā Fūdarreh ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Podłatki Małe ( pɔdˈwatki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hartz Mountains National Park is located in the south of Tasmania , Australia .
Shengzhou ( Chinese : 嵊州 ; pinyin : Shèngzhōu ) , formerly Shengxian or Sheng County , is a county - level city in central Zhejiang , south of the Hangzhou Bay , and is the south - eastern part of the prefecture - level city of Shaoxing .
Bajari ( Persian : بجاري‎ , also Romanized as Bajārī ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Hasanabad - e Qashoq ( Persian : حسن آباد قاشق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Qāshoq ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Esmond Methodist Episcopal Church and Township Hall is a historic church at the junction of Center Street and Elm Street in Esmond , South Dakota .
Kensington Metropark is a unit of the Huron - Clinton Metroparks system located between Milford and South Lyon , Michigan , USA .
Area codes 204 and 431 are the North American telephone area codes for the Canadian province of Manitoba , encompassing the province .
All Saints ' Church , St Andrews , is in North Castle Street , St Andrews , Fife , Scotland ( grid reference NO512168 ) .
Mielnów ( ˈmjɛlnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasiczyn , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Perkins Opera House ( also known as the Monticello Opera House ) is a historic theatre in Monticello , Florida .
Mołożów - Kolonia ( mɔˈwɔʐuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Crisfield Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : W41 ) is a public airport located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) from Crisfield in Somerset County , Maryland , United States .
Glloboçeni ( Macedonian : Глобочени ) is a village on Lake Prespa in the Pustec Municipality of the Korçë County in Albania .
Wroninko ( vrɔˈniŋkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Fort McClellan , originally Camp McClellan , was a United States Army post located adjacent to the city of Anniston , Alabama established as Camp Shipp in 1898 .
Veliki Podljuben ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki pɔˈdluːbən ) ) is a settlement in the hills south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Bishop Gorman High School ( also commonly referred to as Gorman High School or BGHS ) is a Catholic , private , preparatory school located in Enterprise , Nevada .
Vratimov ( German : Rattimau , Polish : Racimów ) is a town in Ostrava - City District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic .
Głusko Duże - Kolonia ( ˈɡwuskɔ ˈduʐɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wąbiewo ( vɔmˈbjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Empire State College , one of the 13 arts and science colleges of the State University of New York , is a multi - site institution offering associate , bachelor 's , and master 's degrees .
The Whippany Burying Yard , in the Whippany section of Hanover Township , Morris County , New Jersey , United States , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11 , 2009 .
Dinwiddie County Court House is a historic courthouse building located at the junction of U.S. 1 and VA 619 in Dinwiddie , Dinwiddie County , Virginia .
Glen Magna Farms ( 4.5 ha / 11 acres ) is a historic country estate located at the end of Ingersoll Street , Danvers , Massachusetts .
Chalk River ( 2006 pop . : 800 ) is a Canadian rural village part of the Laurentian Hills municipality in Renfrew County , Ontario .
The Oakwood - Chimborazo Historic District is a national historic district of 434 acres ( 176 ha ) located in Richmond , Virginia .
Młada Hora ( ˈmwada ˈxɔra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujsoły , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Gerash County ( Persian : شهرستان گراش‎‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Clécy is a French Commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Nahr - e Saleh ( Persian : نهرصالح‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Şāleḩ ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Malekan County ( Persian : شهرستان ملکان‎ ) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
The Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania ( 37 ha / 92 acres ) is the official arboretum of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania .
Sloat 's Dam and Mill Pond is located between Waldron Terrace and Ballard Avenue in Sloatsburg , New York , United States .
Goddard College is an accredited private liberal arts college located in Plainfield , Vermont , Port Townsend and Seattle , Washington , offering undergraduate and graduate degree programs .
WZLK ( 107.5 FM , `` Z Rock 107.5 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Virgie , Kentucky , serving the Pikeville , Kentucky area .
Loppa ( Northern Sami : Láhpi and Kven : Lappean ) is a municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Kębliny ( kɛmˈblinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
BR-308 is a Brazilian federal highway that connects the cities of Belém in the state of Pará , and the locality of Atracadouro do Cojupe in the municipality of Alcântara in Maranhão .
Beaverlodge Airport , ( TC LID : CEU2 ) is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Beaverlodge , Alberta , Canada .
Krishnaganj ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) is part of No . 13 Ranaghat ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) .
Hoseynabad - e Zirki ( Persian : حسين ابادزيركي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Zīrkī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Ḩoseynābād - e Nakhlī ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ram Run ( Persian : رمرون‎ , also Romanized as Ram Rūn ; also known as Rameh Ran and Rameh Rūn ) is a village in Barez Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
South Dakota Highway 249 ( SD 249 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Dakota that extends from SD 47 to SD 34 in Buffalo County .
J Glacier is located in Bridger - Teton National Forest , in the US state of Wyoming on the west of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range .
Trępel ( ˈtrɛmpɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Češnjice pri Moravčah ( pronounced ( ˈtʃeːʃnjitsɛ pɾi mɔˈɾaːu̯tʃax ) ; German : Kerschdorf ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
Dyfed ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ˈdəvɛd ) ) is a preserved county of Wales .
Bob Sikes Airport ( IATA : CEW , ICAO : KCEW , FAA LID : CEW ) , named for Robert L. F. Sikes , is a public - use airport located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) northeast of the central business district of the city of Crestview in Okaloosa County , Florida , United States .
Vasileh Yek ( Persian : وسيله يك‎ , also Romanized as Vasīleh Yek ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hotel Kämp is a historical hotel in Helsinki , Finland .
Aznaq ( Persian : ازنق‎ ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Tyringham Shaker Settlement Historic District was a historic Shaker village on Jerusalem Road in Tyringham , Massachusetts .
La Berlière Castle ( French : Château de la Berlière ) is a castle in Houtaing in Ath , province of Hainaut , Belgium .
Gangammagudi is a village located in SR Puram Mandalam of Chittoor district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Castillo de San Andrés or Torre de San Andrés ( Castle of San Andrés or Tower of San Andrés ) is located in the village of San Andrés ( Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain ) .
Marquette Plaza is a highrise in downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota located at 250 Marquette Avenue .
Bonyab ( Persian : بنياب‎ , also Romanized as Bonyāb and Buniāb ; also known as Bonīābād and Buniah ) is a village in Darmian Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jaronowice ( jarɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Beryl Prairie is a locality in the Peace River Country of British Columbia , Canada , located just northwest of the town of Hudson 's Hope , between Portage and Brenot Creeks .
Xixiangtang District ( simplified Chinese : 西乡塘区 ; traditional Chinese : 西鄉塘區 ; pinyin : Xīxiāngtáng Qū ; Standard Zhuang : Sihsienghdangz Gih ) is one of six districts of Nanning , the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , China .
Lansingerland is the name for the new municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Megginch Castle is a 15th - century castle in Perth and Kinross , in central Scotland .
Somme American Cemetery and Memorial in France is situated ½ mile southwest of the commune of Bony , Aisne in northern France .
Dudzele is a village and subdivision in the municipality of Bruges , Belgium .
The Knobeloch - Seibert Farm is a historic farm located on the east side of Schneider Road east of Belleville , Illinois .
Okanagan Falls ( also known as OK Falls ) is a community located on the south end of Skaha Lake in British Columbia .
Sawyer International Airport ( IATA : MQT , ICAO : KSAW , FAA LID : SAW ) is a county - owned , public - use airport in Marquette County , Michigan , United States .
Obudu is a Local Government Area in Cross River State , Nigeria , a hotspot in Nigeria 's tourism .
Jowr Mahalleh ( Persian : جورمحله‎ , also Romanized as Jowr Maḩalleh ) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Posht - e Geru ( Persian : پشت گرو‎ , also Romanized as Posht - e Gerū ) is a village in Marz Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Alkam ( Persian : الكام‎ , also Romanized as Ālkām ; also known as Ālkām - e Lotowm ) is a village in Dinachal Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
McGhee Tyson Airport ( IATA : TYS , ICAO : KTYS , FAA LID : TYS ) is a public and military airport 12 miles south of Knoxville , in Alcoa , Blount County , Tennessee , United States .
Seyyed Zahrav ( Persian : سيدزهراو‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Z̧ahrāv ; also known as Seyyed Z̧ahrāb ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chiusa di San Michele ( Piemontese : Ciusa San Michel , Arpitan : Kiusa , French : L'Écluse ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Turin .
Standen House is an English country house located 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Newport , Isle of Wight .
The Brookside Shopping District is located in the Brookside neighborhood of Kansas City , Missouri at 63rd Street & Brookside Boulevard .
Gartcosh ( Scottish Gaelic : Gart Cois ) is a village in North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Beldaur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( Hindi : बेलदौर विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) is an assembly constituency in Khagaria district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Clymer Meadow Preserve is a Nature Conservancy preserve located in the Blackland Prairie region of north Texas .
The Charles B. Anderson House , now the location of the Pasco Arts Center , is a historic house in Elfers , Florida , United States .
Gandipalem is a small village on the banks of Manneru river in Nellore District in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Mehr Saleh ( Persian : مهرصالح‎ , also Romanized as Mehr Şāleḥ ; also known as Mirṣāleḥ ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Edison Sault Power Canal supplies the Saint Marys Falls Hydropower Plant , a Cloverland Electric Cooperative hydroelectric plant , in Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan .
Mirza Panak ( Persian : ميرزاپانك‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Pānak , Mīrzā Pāng , and Mīrzā Pānag ) is a village in Yanqaq Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Mount Poso Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the lower foothills of the Sierra Nevada in Kern County , California , United States .
The Carrollton City School District is a public school district in Carroll County , Georgia , USA , based in and serving Carrollton .
Gurbishte ( Bulgarian : Гърбище ) is a mountain village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
The Casa Alvarez is a wood - frame , French Colonial - style house in Florissant , Missouri listed on the National Register of Historic Places as among the oldest houses in St. Louis County .
KKBJ - FM ( 103.7 FM ) , known as `` Mix 103.7 '' , is a radio station based in Bemidji , Minnesota , that airs a Top 40 ( CHR ) format .
The Daniel Bliss Homestead is a historic colonial farmhouse at 76 Homestead Avenue in Rehoboth , Massachusetts .
North Holland ( Dutch : Noord - Holland ( ˈnoːrt ˈɦɔlɑnt ) , West Frisian : Noard - Holland ) is a province in the northwest of the Netherlands .
The South Belridge Oil Field is a large oil field in northwestern Kern County , San Joaquin Valley , California , about forty miles west of Bakersfield .
Fleetwood Town Centre or Fleetwood is a town centre of Surrey , British Columbia , Canada .
Austdalsvatnet is a lake in the northwestern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Its remains constitute a tell located in the Upper Khabur region , near the modern village of Tell Brak , 50 kilometers north - east of Al - Hasaka city , Al - Hasakah Governorate .
Cheshmidar ( Persian : چشميدر‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmīdar , Chashmīdar , and Chashmīdor ; also known as Chashmeh Dar ) is a village in Paygelan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Ganji ( Persian : قشلاق گنجي‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Ganjī ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Deris Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دريس‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Warrandyte State Park is a state park , located in Warrandyte , east of Melbourne , Victoria on the banks of the Yarra River and surroundings .
San Giovanni di Gerace ( Greek - Calabrian dialect : Ièrax ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
Palaw Township ( Burmese : ပုလောမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Myeik District in the Taninthayi Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Romney Street is a hamlet in the West Kingsdown civil parish , in the Sevenoaks District , in the English county of Kent .
Brzozowa Wólka ( bʐɔˈzɔva ˈvulka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Kwobrup - Badgebup Important Bird Area comprises two separate reserves about 5 km apart , with a combined area of 602 ha , lying close to the two small towns of Kwobrup and Badgebup in the southern wheatbelt region of Western Australia .
Pilot Butte Airport , ( TC LID : CPB5 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southwest of Pilot Butte , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Hatfield Island is a bar on the Guyandotte River at its confluence with Island Creek in Logan , West Virginia .
Deh Now - e Behzadi ( Persian : دهنوبهزادي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - e Behzādī ; also known as Deh - e Now and Dehnow ) is a village in Borj - e Akram Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Starężyn ( staˈrɛ̃ʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Qermezi Bagh ( Persian : قرمزي باغ‎ , also Romanized as Qermezī Bāgh ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sulloniacis is usually identified with Roman remains found at Brockley Hill near Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet .
Montgomery Regional Hospital ( MRH ) is a hospital in the town of Blacksburg , in Montgomery County , Virginia .
The City of Prospect is an inner urban local government area ( LGA ) in Adelaide , South Australia .
Trzymsze ( ˈtʂɨmʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Edwardsburg High School is a public high school with approximately 820 students in grades 9 - 12 in Edwardsburg , Cass County , Michigan USA .
The Musée de l'Ancien Évêché ( Museum of the Former Bishopric ) is a departmental museum located in Grenoble , France and dedicated to the Isere heritage through the history of its Bishop 's palace .
Walton - on - Trent is a parish and village in the National Forest that is just within South Derbyshire .
The Great Polish Map of Scotland is a large ( 50 m x 40 m ) three - dimensional , outdoor concrete scale model of Scotland , located in the grounds of the Barony Castle Hotel , outside the village of Eddleston near Peebles in the Scottish Borders .
Zarrin Kamar ( Persian : زرين كمر‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīn Kamar ; also known as Zard Kamar ) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah - e Nuri Rural District , Baladeh District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jalileh ( Persian : جليله‎ , also Romanized as Jalīleh ; also known as Jalile ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The National Gallery of Canada ( French : Musée des beaux - arts du Canada ) , located in the capital city of Ottawa , Ontario , is one of Canada 's premier art galleries .
KXZI - LP ( 101.9 FM , `` Montana Radio Cafe '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Kalispell , Montana .
Fort Cummings ( 1863 - -1873 ) , ( 1880 - -1884 ) , ( 1886 ) a former U. S. Army post located near Cooke 's Springs , in Luna County , New Mexico .
Foro Italico , formerly Foro Mussolini , is a sports complex in Rome , Italy .
The Castlemaine Diggings National Heritage Park is near the town of Castlemaine , Victoria , Australia .
Buinsky District ( Russian : Буинский райо́н ; Tatar : Буа районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
The Blue Wing Inn in Sonoma , California , was one of the first hotels built in the state north of San Francisco .
Khalaf Beygluy - e Sofla ( Persian : خلف بيگلوي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khalaf Beyglūy - e Soflá ; also known as Halāk Beyglū , Khalaf Beyglū , and Khalaf Beyglū - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cheppad is a scenic village in Karthikapally Taluk of Alleppy District in Kerala State , India .
Pey Deh ( Persian : پيده‎ , also Romanized as Paideh ) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The George M. Low Center for Industrial Innovation , otherwise known as the Low Center or CII , is a major industry - funded research center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York .
Cadoxton ( or in full Cadoxton - juxta - Neath ) ( Welsh : Llangatwg ) , is a village situated in Neath Port Talbot county borough , Wales .
Nashoba Valley Ski Area is a small ski area in Westford , Massachusetts .
The Didube Pantheon ( Georgian : დიდუბის მწერალთა და საზოგადო მოღვაწეთა პანთეონი ) is a cemetery in Tbilisi , Georgia , where some of the most prominent writers , artists , scholars , scientists and political activists of Georgia are buried .
Prior to 2011 , what is now the district of Yamoussoukro was part of Lacs Region and was coterminous with the Yamoussoukro Department .
The West Granville Historic District is a historic district encompassing the center of West Granville , Massachusetts .
The Hunter Region , also commonly known as the Hunter Valley , is a region of New South Wales , Australia , extending from approximately 120 km ( 75 mi ) to 310 km ( 193 mi ) north of Sydney .
Hoveyleh ( Persian : حويله‎ , also Romanized as Ḩavīleh ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Herzberg ( Elster ) is a town in the Elbe - Elster district of the German federal state of Brandenburg .
Midyat ( Kurdish : Midyad‎ , Syriac : ܡܕܝܕ Mëḏyaḏ or Miḏyôyo in the local Turoyo dialect , Arabic : مديات‎ ) is a town in Mardin Province of Turkey .
The Rattlesnake Hills is a 16-mile ( 26 km ) long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Benton County in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Shire of Stephens was a local government area in the inner southern suburbs of Brisbane , Queensland .
Tunkwa Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the northern Thompson Plateau between the towns of Logan Lake ( S ) and Savona ( N ) .
Tower at 1301 Gervais is a high - rise building in Columbia , South Carolina , and the tallest building in the city not located along the Main Street corridor .
Georgian National Astrophysical Observatory ( GENAO ) currently renamed again as Abastumani Astrophysical Observatory was founded in 1932 by Academician Eugene Kharadze on Mount Kanobili , near resort Abastumani ( in Samtskhe - Javakheti , southeastern part of Georgia ) .
The Dule Temple ( Chinese : 独乐寺 ; pinyin : Dúlè Sì ; literally : `` Temple of Solitary Joy '' ) is a Buddhist temple located in the town of Jixian , in Ji County , under the administration of the city of Tianjin , China .
Siah Vazan ( Persian : سياه وزان‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Vazān ; also known as Sāvehzān , Sāwezān , Sevezan , Sīāh Būzān , Sīāvazān , and Sīāvazān ) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Anzali County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Takyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : تكيه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Takyeh - ye Soflá and Tekeyeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Gharbi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Alfama ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( aɫˈfɐmɐ ) ) is the oldest district of Lisbon , spreading on the slope between the São Jorge Castle and the Tejo river .
The Bigelow Street Historic District encompasses a uniform collection of 19th century houses on most of the length of Bigelow Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts , just northwest of Central Square .
Monluè is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 4 administrative division , located east of the city centre .
The Zillierbach Dam ( German : Zillierbachtalsperre ) lies in the East Harz in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt near the town of Elbingerode ( Harz ) and impounds the Zillierbach stream .
Sarclet is a remote clifftop crofting township , situated on the east coast of Caithness , lying slightly north of Loch Sarclet in the Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Jariyan al Batnah ( Arabic : جريان الباطنة‎ ) is a former municipality of Qatar .
Grudów ( ˈɡruduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brwinów , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Khvorshaneh ( Persian : خورشانه‎ , also Romanized as Khvorshāneh ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cabo Rojo National Wildlife Refuge is located on the southwestern side of Puerto Rico in the municipio of Cabo Rojo .
Altstadt Spandau is the historic centre ( the old city ) of the borough ( Bezirk ) of Spandau in the western suburbs of Berlin , the capital city of Germany .
Tepenec Castle ( German : Burg Twingenberg , aka Karlsburg ) is a former castle in the vicinity of Jívová in Moravia , Czech Republic .
KRKD ( 105.7 FM ) was an American radio station licensed to serve Dermott , Arkansas , USA .
Kamalabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كمال آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Director Park ( officially Simon and Helen Director Park ) is a city park in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Dulkan ( Persian : دولكان‎ , also Romanized as Dūlkān , Doolkan , and Dūlakān ; also known as Benaze ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Great Holland is a village in Essex , located to the north - east of Holland - on - Sea , and west of Frinton - on - sea .
Stagden Cross is a hamlet located to the east of the village of High Easter , in the Uttlesford district , in the county of Essex , England .
Stare Kuchmy ( ˈstarɛ ˈkuxmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Philpstoun is a small village in West Lothian , Scotland , situated roughly 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of the historic county town of Linlithgow .
Spjærøy Church is a century - old Protestant church belonging to the Church of Norway located in Dypedal , Hvaler -- a group of islands in Østfold county , Norway situated between Vesterøy and Asmaløy .
Kistówko ( kisˈtufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vojakkala ( officially Lower Vojakkala , Swedish : Nedre Vojakkala ) is a smaller locality with about 62 inhabitants in Haparanda Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden , known for a long - standing feud between neighbors .
Komratowo ( kɔmraˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Muliaage is located at the historic centre of Malé in close proximity of the Medhu Ziyaarai , the Friday Mosque , and the Munnaru ( Grand Minaret of Malé ) .
Drigg is a village situated in the civil parish of Drigg and Carleton on the West Cumbria coast of the Irish Sea and on the boundary of the Lake District National Park in the Borough of Copeland in the county of Cumbria , England .
The Schauinslandbahn is a gondola lift in the Black Forest area of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
St Briavels ( pronounced Brevels ) is a medium - sized village and civil parish in the Royal Forest of Dean in west Gloucestershire , England ; close to the England - Wales border , and 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Coleford .
Tappeh Laleh ( Persian : تپه لله‎ ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Brogowa ( brɔˈɡɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Łąki Zwiastowe ( ˈwɔnki zvjasˈtɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Seaman 's Hut is an alpine hut and memorial located in New South Wales , Australia .
The Keim Homestead is a historic farm on Boyer Road in Pike Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Bociany ( bɔˈt͡ɕanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Capitol Reflecting Pool is a reflecting pool in Washington , D.C. , USA .
Offenham is a large rural village and civil parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire , England , located about three miles east of Evesham , in the Vale of Evesham .
The Dorotheenstadt cemetery , officially the `` Cemetery of the Dorotheenstadt and Friedrichswerder Parishes '' , is a landmarked Protestant burial ground located in the Berlin district of Mitte which dates to the late 18th century .
West Allegheny Senior High School is a public high school located in the West Allegheny School District in Allegheny County , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Point Park Civic Center was a proposed civic center for downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States , where the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers forms the Ohio River .
Haftkel ( Persian : هفتکل‎‎ ) ; also known as Haftkel Persian : هفتکل‎‎ pronunciation ) is a city in and the capital of Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wola Libertowska ( ˈvɔla libɛrˈtɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Washington Oak is a protected ancient white oak tree in Princeton , New Jersey , USA that overlooks the Princeton Battlefield State Park .
Sajdy ( ˈsai̯dɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Merrium Apartments , listed on the National Register of Historic Places , was a historic building located in Downtown Sacramento , California .
Argagnon ( Arganhon in Occitan ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Po Leung Kuk Camões Tan Siu Lin Primary School is a primary school in Hong Kong , previously known as Portuguese Community Schools , Inc.,(Escola Camoes ) .
Swiss Steam Laundry Building , also known as the Swiss Building , is a historic loft building located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Blanc - Mesnil is a village and former commune in the Seine - Maritime department , northwestern France .
Magoffin County Pioneer Village and Museum is museum in downtown Salyersville , Kentucky that exhibits a collection of reconstructed log buildings from , mostly , the eastern region of Kentucky .
Midwest National Air Center ( ICAO : KGPH , FAA LID : GPH ) is a public - use airport in Clay County , Missouri , United States .
There are two New York City Subway stations along Flushing Avenue .
The Nicolai Fechin House in Taos , New Mexico , is the historic home of the Russian artist Nicolai Fechin , his wife Alexandra and daughter Eya .
The St. Thomas Syro - Malabar Catholic Church in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , is a parish of the St. Thomas Syro - Malabar Catholic Diocese of Chicago .
Isunigu ( also called Seneca , Esseneca , and Sinica ) was a Cherokee town on the Keowee River , near present - day Clemson , South Carolina and Seneca , South Carolina .
Vellayani is on the banks of Vellayani Lake , the only fresh water lake in Thiruvananthapuram district .
Petlad is a Town and a municipality `` Taluka '' in Anand district in the Gujarat state of India .
Levarchal ( Persian : لورچال‎ , also Romanized as Levarchāl ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Borås ( Swedish pronunciation : ( bʊˈroːs ) ) is a city ( officially , a locality ) and the seat of Borås Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Howmeh - ye Dehgolan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حومه دهگلان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Agudas Achim Synagogue , formally known as Congregation Agudas Achim , is located on Rock Avenue in Livingston Manor , New York , United States .
Szumanie - Pejory ( ʂuˈmaɲɛ pɛˈjɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jan Mayen is a volcanic island in the Arctic Ocean and a part of the Kingdom of Norway .
The South Wellesley Islands , located South of the Wellesley Islands in the Gulf of Carpentaria , Queensland , are :
Greymouth ( /ˈɡreɪmaʊθ/ ; Māori : Māwhera ) is the largest town in the West Coast region in the South Island of New Zealand , and the seat of the Grey District Council .
Khvareh Mir ( Persian : خواره مير‎ , also Romanized as Khvāreh Mīr ; also known as Khvār Amīr ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kattupalli is a separate campus in Ervadi dargah , Ramanathapuram district where the graves of Thousands of Martyrs who came along with Badhusha Sultan Syed Ibraaheem Shaheed is found .
Conway Summit ( el . 8,143 feet ( 2,482 m ) ) is a mountain pass in Mono County , California .
Devils Well is a sinkhole cave near Akers in the U.S. state of Missouri , containing an underground lake that is the largest in the state .
Ebrahimabad - e Hajji ( Persian : ابراهيم ابادحاجي‎ , also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād - e Ḩājjī ; also known as Ebrāhīmābād , Qodratābād , and Qudratābād ) is a village in Azadegan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Freuchie is a village in Fife , Scotland , at the foot of the Lomond Hills , and near Falkland .
The Rice School ( Spanish : La Escuela Rice ) is a K-8 school ( the school serves grades kindergarten through 8) in Houston , Texas .
Keshar - e Sofla ( Persian : كشارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Keshār - e Soflá ; also known as Keshār - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Sulqan Rural District , Kan District , Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Minsi Trail Bridge is a bridge in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , United States , which crosses the Lehigh River .
Podkowa Leśna ( pɔtˈkɔva ˈlɛɕna ) ( literal meaning - `` Horseshoe Grove '' , in full : Miasto - ogród Podkowa Leśna - `` Garden - City Podkowa Leśna '' ) is a town in Grodzisk Mazowiecki County ( Masovian Voivodeship ) of Poland and located on the Łowicko--
Saint - Bonnet - Tronçais is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France , within the borders of the national Forest of Tronçais .
Avaz Ali Najafqoli ( Persian : عوضعلي نجفقلي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAvaz̤ ʿAlī Najafqolī ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stare Paprockie Holendry ( ˈstarɛ paˈprɔt͡skʲɛ xɔˈlɛndrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology or Norwegian Museum of Science , Technology , Industry and Medicine ( Norwegian : Norsk Teknisk Museum ) is a science museum located in Oslo , Norway .
Korgalzhyn District ( Kazakh : Қорғалжын ауданы ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Buganeh Razbashi ( Persian : بوگنه رازباشي‎ , also Romanized as Būganeh Rāzbāshī ; also known as Rāzbāshī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Wat Nawamintararachutis is a working Thai Theravada Buddhist temple or `` wat '' in Raynham , Massachusetts , which is about a half hour south of Boston , Massachusetts , USA .
Hassi Gara ( Arabic : حاسي قارة‎ ) is a town and commune in El Ménia District , Ghardaïa Province , Algeria .
Bruhagen is the administrative center of Averøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Xiahuayuan District ( simplified Chinese : 下花园区 ; traditional Chinese : 下花園區 ; pinyin : Xiàhuāyuán Qū ) is a district of Zhangjiakou , Hebei , China .
Historic Central Islip Recreation Center Building , located on 555 Clayton Street in Central Islip , New York , was constructed in the late 19th century as part of the Central Islip State Hospital First Colony .
The Riverside County Regional Park and Open - Space District ( `` RivCoParks '' ; and commonly , Riverside County Parks ) is a special district operating in Riverside County , California .
Căianu Mic ( Hungarian : Kiskaján ) is a commune in Bistriţa - Năsăud County , Romania .
Qulanlu ( Persian : قولانلو‎ , also Romanized as Qūlānlū ) is a village in Ghazi Rural District , Samalqan District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Castle House , Dedham , Essex was the home of Sir Alfred Munnings from 1919 till his death in 1959 .
Bobivtsi ( Ukrainian : Бобівці ; Romanian : Bobești ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
The Sint Janskerk in Gouda , the Netherlands , is a large Gothic church , known especially for its stained glass windows , for which it has been placed on the UNESCO list of Dutch monuments .
Piania , also known as Pianian or Piyaniyan , is a small village in Bhojpur district , Bihar in India .
Rochfortbridge ( Irish : Droichead Chaisleán Loiste , meaning `` Castle Lost Bridge '' ) is a village in County Westmeath , Ireland .
The Gore Highway is a highway in Queensland running between Toowoomba and Goondiwindi .
Wyszków County ( Polish : powiat wyszkowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
The `` fighting paper of the National Socialist movement of Greater Germany '' ( Kampfblatt der nationalsozialistischen Bewegung Großdeutschlands ) had its origin in the Münchener Beobachter ( `` Munich Observer '' ) , an anti - Semitic weekly paper which in 1918 was acquired by the Thule Society and in August 1919 was renamed Völkischer Beobachter .
Kejin ( Persian : كجين‎ , also Romanized as Kejīn and Kajīn ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Makiivka ( Ukrainian : Макіївка Ukrainian pronunciation : ( mɑˈkijiu̯kɑ ) , translit . Makiyivka ; Russian : Макеевка , translit . Makeyevka ; former names : Dmytriivsk , Dmytriyevskyi ) is an industrial city located in eastern Ukraine within the Donetsk Oblast ( province ) , 15 kilometers ( 9.3 mi ) from the capital Donetsk .
Shishar ( Persian : شيشار‎ , also Romanized as Shīshār ) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Burning Bush Colony was a short - lived Methodist intentional community in Smith and Cherokee counties in Texas , U.S. , south of Bullard .
Cumberland Street railway station , Glasgow , Scotland , was developed by the Glasgow and South Western Railway in 1900 , as a replacement for Main Street station , Gorbals , following the doubling of the track from Port Eglinton to St Enoch station .
Pasztowa Wola - Kolonia ( paʂˈtɔva ˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tarrant Keyneston is a village and civil parish in the English county of Dorset , situated in the Tarrant Valley 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) southeast of Blandford Forum in the North Dorset administrative district .
Asoli ( असोली in Devnagari ) is a small village in Taluka Vengurla and district Sindhudurg of Maharashtra , India .
Aqrab ( Arabic : عقرب‎ , also spelled Akrab ) is a Town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located southwest of Hama .
Bosher Dam is a historic but unnatural feature in the James River just west of Richmond , Virginia .
Rakat - e Olya ( Persian : ركعت عليا‎ , also Romanized as Rak``at - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 21 families .
The Sam Waller Museum is a museum dedicated to preserving the history and artifacts of this region of northern Manitoba .
Suli Mahalleh ( Persian : صولي محله‎ , also Romanized as Şūlī Maḩalleh and Sūlī Maḩalleh ; also known as Sūlī Maḩalleh - ye Ḩavīq ) is a village in Haviq Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Alfred National Park is a national park located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Achindrean ( Gaelic : Achadh an Dreaghainn ) is a village in Ross - shire in Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland .
Nowa Wieś - Zamek ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈzamɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shahrak - e Modarres ( Persian : شهرك مدرس‎ ) is a village in Qaleh Hashem Rural District , Shal District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Chesterfield County Mathematics and Science High School at Clover Hill is a magnet school in Midlothian , Virginia .
Kolonia Dębice ( kɔˈlɔɲa dɛmˈbit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Qarah Torpaq ( Persian : قره ترپاق‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Torpāq , Qarah Tūprāq , Qarā Toprāq , Qarāturbāq , Qareh Toprāq , and Qareh Towprāq ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Aljafería Palace ( Spanish : Palacio de la Aljafería ; Arabic : قصر الجعفرية‎ , tr . Qasr al - Jaʿfariya ) is a fortified medieval Islamic palace built during the second half of the 11th century in the Moorish taifa of Zaragoza of Al - Andalus , present day Zaragoza , Spain .
Chenango Valley State Park is a 1,075-acre ( 4.35 km2 ) state park located in Broome County , New York in the United States .
Verkian ( Persian : وركيان‎ , also Romanized as Verkīān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The J.A. Sweeton Residence was built in 1950 in Cherry Hill , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
The historic Chickasaw Nation Capitols are located in Tishomingo , Oklahoma .
Pembina Gorge State Recreation Area is a unit of the North Dakota state park system located along the Pembina River that provides a 12-mile ( 19 km ) looped trail for riding ATVs , dirt bikes , and other forms of off - road vehicles .
Benzingerode has been a village incorporated into the borough of Wernigerode since 1 April 1993 .
WKOA ( 105.3 FM ) , known as `` K 105 '' , is a radio station licensed to the city of Lafayette , Indiana .
A Place to Sit is a public artwork by American artist Kathryn E. Martin , located along the Art Look of the Hank Aaron State Trail , situated on the south side of the Menomonee River , in the city of Milwaukee , Milwaukee County , Wisconsin .
Charlottenhof Palace or Charlottenhof Manor ( German : Schloss Charlottenhof ) is a former royal palace located southwest of Sanssouci Palace in Sanssouci Park at Potsdam , Germany .
Pileh ( Persian : پيله‎ , also Romanized as Pīleh and Paileh ; also known as Pelah ) is a village in Sarkal Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Milford Ice Pavilion is a 1,000-seat skating rink in Milford , Connecticut .
Cimiroti ( Serbian : Цимироти ) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Zumbrota Covered Bridge is one of Minnesota 's few last remaining covered bridges .
Gentilly Nuclear Generating Station ( Centrale nucléaire de Gentilly in French ) is a formerly operational Canadian nuclear power station located on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River in Bécancour , Quebec , 100 km north east of Montreal .
Ashington is a town and civil parish in Northumberland England .
WVNW is a country music formatted radio station in the Lewistown , Pennsylvania market .
The Livermore Bridge is a bridge that carries US-431 over the Green River , near Livermore in McLean County , Kentucky where it crosses over two rivers ( the Green and Rough Rivers ) , and passes over a separate county ; the only known such occurrence in the world .
Lahewa , also Lahia , is a village and sub - district ( kecamatan ) of North Nias Regency on Nias Island , in the North Sumatra province of Sumatra , Indonesia .
Coast Guard Air Station Atlantic City is a United States Coast Guard Air Station located 9 miles northwest of Atlantic City at the Atlantic City International Airport in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey .
Balmerino Abbey , or St Edward 's Abbey , in Balmerino , Fife , Scotland , was a Cistercian monastic community founded in 1227 to 1229 by monks from Melrose Abbey with the patronage of Ermengarde de Beaumont and King Alexander II of Scotland .
Keightley Way is a southwestern road and tunnel in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
The Elliott Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska that extends 152 miles ( 245 km ) from Fox , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Fairbanks , to Manley Hot Springs .
WJYP ( 1300 AM ) is a sports - formatted broadcast radio station licensed to St. Albans , West Virginia , serving Western Kanawha County , West Virginia and Central Putnam County , West Virginia .
The Kotzschmar Memorial Organ , usually referred to as the Kotzschmar Organ , is a pipe organ located at Merrill Auditorium in the City Hall of Portland , Maine , United States .
Perry Traditional Academy , also known as Pittsburgh Perry High School , is a high school in the Perry North neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA .
West Union Presbyterian Church is a historic congregation of the Presbyterian Church ( U.S.A. ) in the village of West Union on the southern edge of Ohio .
The Brattonsville Historic District is a historic district and unincorporated community in York County , South Carolina .
Kondrapole ( population : approx . 5,000 ) is a village in India near Miryalaguda ( Town ) , Damaracherla ( Mandal ) , Nalgonda district , Telangana .
Edge Elements is a public sculpture by Richard Hansen located at South Shore Park on the south side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Amhuinnsuidhe ( Scottish Gaelic : Abhainn Suidhe ) is a settlement on the Harris , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
West Maas en Waal ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the Dutch province of Gelderland .
The Keweenaw Underwater Preserve is a preservation area in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Völkermarkt District is an administrative district in the Austrian State of Carinthia .
Kortian ( Persian : كرتيان‎ , also Romanized as Kortīān ; also known as Kortābūn and Kortāyūn ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Norwegian Institute for Air Research The Norwegian Standardisation Bureau UNIK ( University Graduate Center ) Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences NORSAR ( Norwegian Seismic Array ) Historically , Kjeller has also been the location for a small aircraft factory .
San Calogero ( Greek : Aghios Kalogeros ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) southwest of Vibo Valentia .
Arihal ( Urdu : ﺁريهل ) is a village in Pulwama District , of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Scout Green is a hamlet and small area of farm land near the village of Tebay in Cumbria , England .
Ganinyi is a small Aboriginal community 110 km west of Halls Creek in the Kimberley region of Western Australia , within the Shire of Halls Creek .
Boyne Highlands is a ski resort in Northern Michigan located near Harbor Springs , Michigan .
Biglerville High School is a small public high school located in the borough of Biglerville , Pennsylvania .
Marasinganahalli is a small village in Maddur , Mandya , Karnataka state , India , with a population of around 1400 .
Vallivattom is a remote village in the Vellangur Panchayat district of Kerala , the southern most state of India .
Kenosee Lake is a lake in south east Saskatchewan , Canada .
Gaveshan ( Persian : گاوشان‎ , also Romanized as Gāveshān ; also known as Kāveshān ) is a village in Sursur Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dilari(डिलारी ) is a village in Moradabad district and subdistrict in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Piersk ( pjɛrsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzymów , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
City Montessori School ( CMS ) ( Hindi : सिटी मॉन्टेसरी स्कूल , लखनऊ ) is a co - educational English medium private school that offers education from Pre - school up to K-12 ( Grade 12 ) level in Lucknow , India .
WKNZ ( 88.7 FM ) is a non - commercial educational broadcast radio station licensed to Harrington , Delaware , United States .
Darreh - ye Talkh Rashek ( Persian : دره تلخ راشك‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Talkh Rāshek ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Allen Water Station is a district of structures representing different items built in the 1870s by the Houston and Texas Central Railroad at the city of Allen stop .
Iwetemlaykin State Heritage Site , a public park in the U.S. state of Oregon , is on the south edge of Joseph , along Oregon Route 351 .
WQKE , The Quake is broadcast on 93.9 FM in Plattsburgh , New York .
Gheyzaniyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان غيزانيه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wola Jachowa ( ˈvɔla jaˈxɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Joe T. Robinson High School is a public high school for students in grades 9 through 12 located just outside the city limits of Little Rock , Arkansas , United States .
Whiskey Pete 's is a hotel and casino in Primm , Nevada , United States .
Artist Trust is a not - for - profit organization dedicated to supporting Washington artists working in all creative disciplines .
Canadian Forces Base Picton ( CFB Picton ) was a military installation located in Picton , Ontario .
Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County , New York , USA .
Banaveh ( Persian : بناوه‎ , also Romanized as Banāveh ; also known as Banāvīyeh ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wola Kątecka ( ˈvɔla kɔnˈtɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Liucheng County ( simplified Chinese : 柳城县 ; traditional Chinese : 柳城縣 ; pinyin : Liǔchéng Xiàn ; Standard Zhuang : Liujcwngz Yen ) is under the administration of Liuzhou , Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , China .
For local government purposes Seatoller forms part of the civil parish of Borrowdale , the district of Allerdale , and the county of Cumbria .
Sobiepany ( sɔbjɛˈpanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Kissimmee River is a river in south - central Florida , United States .
Dillingen ( Saar ) station is on the Saar Railway between Saarbrücken and Trier in the town of Dillingen in the German state of the Saarland .
Arensch is a local part of Cuxhaven , a town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Dawlat Shah District is located approximately 74 km from Mehterlam , the provincial centre of Laghman Province in Afghanistan .
Bieńdziuga ( bjɛɲˈd͡ʑuɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Nir District ( Persian : بخش نیر‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Lagma is a village in the northern Indian state of Bihar representing the Rajput , Brahman , and Musahar communities .
The Carrizo Plain is a large enclosed grassland plain , approximately 50 miles ( 80 km ) long and up to 15 miles ( 24 km ) across , in southeastern San Luis Obispo County , California , about 100 miles ( 160 km ) northwest of Los Angeles .
Caldera de Taburiente National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional de la Caldera de Taburiente ) is a national park on the island of La Palma , Canary Islands , Spain .
WKJV - LP is a Southern Gospel and Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Bristol , Virginia , serving the twin cities of Bristol in Virginia and in Tennessee .
WPNI ( 1430 AM ) was an American radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to serve the community of Amherst , Massachusetts .
McCluer South - Berkeley High School is a secondary school located at 201 Brotherton Lane in the city of Ferguson , Missouri a suburb of St. Louis .
Richneck Plantation was located on the Virginia Peninsula on the northern shore of the James River between Hampton Roads and Jamestown in the English colony of Virginia .
The Fashion Mall at Keystone , known better as The Fashion Mall , is an upscale shopping center in the northeast section of the city of Indianapolis , Indiana .
Bezujiq ( Persian : بزوجيق‎ , also Romanized as Bezūjīq ; also known as Bezūjeq ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Malabar Battery was a coastal defence battery built in 1943 during World War II at Malabar Headland , Malabar , New South Wales , Australia .
Eslamabad Qanat Shahbaz ( Persian : اسلام‌آباد قنات شهباز ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The U.S. Cavalry Museum is a museum located on Fort Riley in Fort Riley , Kansas , USA .
Deh - e Rayi ( Persian : ده رئي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Rayī ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
St. Catherine of Sienna Convent is a historic convent in Springfield , Kentucky .
Kazem Beyki ( Persian : كاظم بيكي‎ , also Romanized as Kāz̧em Beykī ; also known as Kāz̧em Bekī and Kāz̧em Beygī ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ayaz Galu ( Persian : ايازگلو‎ , also Romanized as Ayāz Galū ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Simeulue is an island of Indonesia , 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) off the west coast of Sumatra .
Millwood Lake is a reservoir in southwestern Arkansas , United States .
Beebe Homestead , also known as the Lucius Beebe House and Beebe Farm , is a historic Federal period home at 142 Main Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts , which was built during the federal era that extended from the late 1700s into the 1820s .
The Grand Prix of Denver is a former Champ Car race held on a street circuit in Denver , Colorado .
Dudzicze ( duˈd͡ʑit͡ʂɛ ) ( German : Philippinenhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
D. Aubrey Moodie Intermediate School is a dual - track middle school in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , that is part of the Ottawa - Carleton District School Board .
Lake Bruin State Park , one of twenty - two Louisiana state parks , is located on Lake Bruin , a clear ox - bow lake of the Mississippi River near St. Joseph , the seat of Tensas Parish in the northeastern portion of the state .
Wola Podłężna ( ˈvɔla pɔdˈwɛ̃ʐna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Fachhochschule Potsdam is a vocational college in Potsdam , the capital of the German federal state of Brandenburg .
The Thaddeus Fisher House is a house in southeast Portland , Oregon , United States , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Cham Lavand ( Persian : چم لوند‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Lavand and Chamlovand ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lighthouse Landing was a building complex proposed for construction in Cleveland , Ohio .
Talagante Province ( Spanish : Provincia de Talagante , Spanish pronunciation : ( talaˈɣante ) ) is one of six provinces of the Santiago Metropolitan Region in central Chile .
Košnica pri Celju ( pronounced ( ˈkoːʃnitsa pɾi ˈtsɛːlju ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Bukakata , sometimes spelled as Bukakkata , is a lakeside town in Masaka District , Central Uganda .
The Board Alley Theatre ( 1792 - -1793 ) was an illegal theatre in Boston , Massachusetts in the late 18th century .
McConnell Air Force Base ( IATA : IAB , ICAO : KIAB , FAA LID : IAB ) is a United States Air Force base located four miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Wichita , a city in Sedgwick County , Kansas , United States .
Azhagiyanatham ( Tamil : அழகியநத்தம் ) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district , state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Drzonowo Białogardzkie ( dʐɔˈnɔvɔ bjawɔˈɡart͡skʲɛ ) ( formerly German Drenow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Orli Staw ( ˈɔrli ˈstaf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków - Kolonia , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Erastus Corning Tower , also known as the Mayor Erastus Corning 2nd Tower or simply the Corning Tower , is a skyscraper located in downtown Albany , New York .
Kahkuh ( Persian : كهكوه‎ , also Romanized as Kahkūh ) is a village in Tasuj Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
Riverstone High School , is a co - educational , comprehensive high school located on the northwest fringes of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Rondebosch East lies within ward 60 of the City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality ; the current ward councillor is Patrick Hill of the Democratic Alliance .
Ross Lake National Recreation Area is a US National Recreation Area located in north central Washington just south of the Canadian border .
Pinewood Christian Academy is a co - ed private school located in the small town of Bellville , Georgia , a few miles away from Claxton , Georgia .
Bhadrabas is a village development committee in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal , located approximately 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northeast of Kathmandu .
Psurze ( ˈpsuʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
False River Regional Airport ( ICAO : KHZR , FAA LID : HZR ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northwest of the central business district of New Roads , a city in Pointe Coupee Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The Shire of West Arthur is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , generally to the west of Albany Highway about 200 kilometres ( 124 mi ) south - east of Perth , the state capital .
Atabak - e Kati ( Persian : اتابك كتي‎ , also Romanized as Atābak - e Katī ; also known as Atābak - e Pā’īn and Atābak ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Goodnough Dike ( actually a dam ) is on the southeastern end of the Quabbin Reservoir , the largest water body in Massachusetts .
Pol Abza Jalaleh ( Persian : پل ابزاجلاله‎ , also Romanized as Pol Ābzā Jalāleh ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Hobart Bus Mall is a section of Elizabeth Street which serves as Metro Tasmania 's primary bus terminus in Hobart 's CBD .
Żeniówka , also known as Ziniówka , Ziuniuwka or Ziniejowka , was a Polish settlement in the Wołyń Voivodeship ( 1921 - -1939 ) , gmina Warkowicze , Dubno county , on the Ikva River , in Second Polish Republic before the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939 .
St Giles on the Heath , sometimes hyphenated as St Giles - on - the - Heath , is a village and civil parish in the far west of Devon , England .
Rantum ( Sölring Frisian : Raantem ) is a village and a former municipality on the island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Whithorn ( Taigh Mhàrtainn in Gaelic ) is a former royal burgh in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland , about ten miles south of Wigtown .
The Hearst Memorial Mining Building at the University of California , Berkeley , is home to the university 's Materials Science and Engineering Department , with research and teaching spaces for the subdisciplines of biomaterials ; chemical and electrochemical materials ; computational materials ; electronic , magnetic , and optical materials ; and structural materials .
The Swan River Valley ( also : Swan Valley ) is located in the western part of the Canadian province of Manitoba .
Cumnock ( Cumnag in Gaelic ) is a town in East Ayrshire , Scotland .
The Hanna Theatre is a theater at Playhouse Square in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Chinu ( Persian : چينو‎ , also Romanized as Chīnū ) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Pheta ( Nepali : फेता ) is a town and Village Development Committee in Bara District in the Narayani Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Włostowa ( vwɔsˈtɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in South - Western Poland .
Horsley Woodhouse is a village and civil parish in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire , in the East Midlands of England .
Gondakan ( Persian : گندكان‎ , also Romanized as Gondakān , Gandakan , Gandkān , and Gūndakan ; also known as Gondehkān ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
King Triton 's Carousel of the Sea is a carousel at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California .
Downtown Missoula is the central business district in Missoula , Montana , and West - Central Montana .
Cantacuzino Palace is located on Calea Victoriei no . 141 , Bucharest .
Marvil ( Persian : مرويل‎‎ , also Romanized as Marvīl ) is a village in Muzaran Rural District , in the Central District of Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Dłużew ( ˈdwuʐɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Fall Brook Gorge is located in the Town of Geneseo in Livingston County , New York , outside the Village of Geneseo .
Miller State Park is the oldest state - run park in New Hampshire , a state in the New England region of the United States .
Turves Green is an area of Birmingham partly in West Heath and partly in Northfield ( the boundary between these two wards runs through Turves Green ) .
Křenovy is a village and obec in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Mińsk County ( Polish : powiat miński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Slingsby Channel is a strait on the north side of Bramham Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia .
The Mount Hood Corridor is a part of Oregon between Sandy and Government Camp .
Smoketown School was a historic one - room school located near Martinsburg , Berkeley County , West Virginia .
The University of Rochester Arboretum is an arboretum located across the River Campus of the University of Rochester , 612 Wilson Boulevard , Rochester , New York .
City Bank Stadium is the home stadium of the Forney Jackrabbits and the North Forney Falcons and is located on the campus of Forney High School .
Wilanów Palace or Wilanowski Palace ( Polish : pałac w Wilanowie , Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpawat͡s vvilaˈnɔvjɛ ) ) is a royal palace located in the Wilanów district , Warsaw .
Campbell Hall School is an independent , coeducational , K-12 Episcopal day school located in the Studio City neighborhood of the city of Los Angeles , California , United States .
Chełmek Wołowski ( ˈxɛu̯mɛk vɔˈwɔfski ) ( German : Kulmikau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa , within Lubin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Toy Center , also known as the International Toy Center , is a complex of buildings in the New York City borough of Manhattan that for many years was a hub for toy manufacturers and distributors in the United States .
Loews Portofino Bay Hotel at Universal Orlando is a resort hotel and spa located at Universal Orlando Resort in Florida .
Knipe - Moore - Rupp Farm , also known as Cedar View Farm , is a historic home and barn located in Russian Space , Upper Gwynedd Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Central Park Public School is a public school located in Unionville within the city of Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Fenton Airfield was a World War II military airfield located at Tipperary Station , Hayes Creek , Northern Territory , Australia and named after flight lieutenant Clyde Fenton .
On January 1 , 2009 , Alkemade and Jacobswoude merged and formed the new municipality of Kaag en Braassem .
Dhani Poonia or Poonia Ki Dhani ( ढाणी पूनियां ) is a village in Taranagar tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan .
Wituchowo ( vituˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nygard Park is located in the centre of the town of Deloraine , Manitoba .
Bi Sim - e Kamalabad ( Persian : بيسيمكمال اباد‎ , also Romanized as Bī Sīm - e Kamālābād ) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Hastings Square Historic District is a historic district that encompasses Hastings Square , a small city park in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and the residential properties that abut it .
Speer Cemetery is located on Vroom Street between Tuers and Bergen Avenue in Jersey City , New Jersey .
The Okanagan Range or Okanogan Range is a small subrange of the Cascade Range straddling the border between British Columbia and Washington south of the Similkameen River on the inland side of the range .
North Providence High School ( often abbreviated NPH or NPHS ) is a public high school in North Providence , Rhode Island that serves grades 9 - 12 .
Ingelheim am Rhein is a town in the Mainz - Bingen district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany on the Rhine 's west bank .
Sikucin ( ɕiˈkut͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mendenhall Glacier is a glacier about 13.6 miles long located in Mendenhall Valley , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) from downtown Juneau in the southeast area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Granny Smith Gold Mine is a gold mine 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of Laverton , Western Australia near Mount Weld .
Oceans of Fun is a tropically - themed water park that opened on May 31 , 2013 , in Kansas City , Missouri , to celebrate Worlds of Fun 's 10th year anniversary .
Lamèque Island ( French : Île Lamèque ) is a Canadian island in the Gulf of St. Lawrence at the northeastern tip of Gloucester County , New Brunswick .
The Amherst Railway Society Railroad Hobby Show is an annual show , covering railroads , railroad Museums , model railroading , and railroad related toys , held at the Eastern States Exposition grounds in West Springfield , Massachusetts by the Amherst Railway Society .
Space Farms Zoo and Museum is a combination of a natural environment for animals and a historical museum located at 218 Route 519 , in Wantage Township in Sussex County , New Jersey , in the United States .
Fashkol Poshteh ( Persian : فشكل پشته‎ ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Riverdale Country School is a co - educational , independent , college - preparatory day school in New York City .
Şuhut ( formerly Ancient Greek : Σύνναδα , Synnada ) is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey .
Sarab - e Karzan ( Persian : سراب كارزان‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Kārzān and Sarāb - e Kārāzān ) is a village in Karezan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts ( or CCPA ) is a 154,000-square - foot ( 14,300 m2 ) entertainment and music venue located in the Cerritos Towne Center of Cerritos , California .
St Johnston , officially Saint Johnstown ( Irish : Baile Suingean ) , is a village , townland , and electoral division in County Donegal in Ireland .
Bid - e Shirin - e Do ( Persian : بيدشيرين2‎ , also Romanized as Bīd - e Shīrīn - e Do ; also known as Bīd - e Shīrīn ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Shahid Matahri ( Persian : مزرعه شهيدمطهري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Shahīd Maṭahrī ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 413 , in 71 families .
Nabovat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نبوت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Bridgeforth Stadium and Zane Showker Field is a football only facility located on the campus of James Madison University in Harrisonburg , Virginia .
Minet el - Beida ( Arabic : المينا البيضا‎ , The White Harbor ; or ancient Ma'hadu ) is a small bay located 10 kilometers ( 6.2 mi ) north of Latakia , Syria on the Mediterranean Sea .
WCOW - FM ( 97.1 FM , `` Cow 97 '' ) is a country music radio station licensed to Sparta , Wisconsin that serves `` Midwisconsin '' and the La Crosse and La Crescent communities on the nearby Mississippi River separating Minnesota and Wisconsin .
Boyukabad ( Persian : بيوك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Boyūkābād ; also known as Bābūkābād , Būbūkābād , and Būyūkābād ) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District , Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Ada Odd Fellows Temple stood at 109 - 1151⁄2 N. 9th Street in Boise , Idaho .
Sukowicze ( sukɔˈvit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Klupci ( Cyrillic Клупци ) is a locality of Serbia located in the municipality of Loznica , district of Mačva .
Ed Widseth Field is a stadium on the campus of the University of Minnesota Crookston .
Fort Yuma is a fort in California that is located in Imperial County , across the Colorado River from Yuma , Arizona .
The Rowhouses at 256 - 274 Haven Street ( also known as the Edward Manning Houses ) are a series of historic rowhouses at 256 - 274 Haven Street in Reading , Massachusetts , USA .
Mahjerd ( Persian : مهجرد‎ ; also known as Mahjerdū’īyeh and Mehjerdī ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sabz Vahdat ( Persian : سبز وحدت‎ , also Romanized as Sabz Vaḩdat ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Hazira is a town and a transshipment port in the Surat district in the Gujarat state in southwestern India .
Kia Rud ( Persian : كيارود‎ , also Romanized as Kīā Rūd ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Roxboro Male Academy and Methodist Parsonage is a historic school and church parsonage located at 315 N. Main Street in Roxboro , Person County , North Carolina .
New Utrecht Reformed Church is the fourth oldest Reformed Church in America congregation in Bensonhurst , Brooklyn , New York .
Kubalin ( kuˈbalin ) ( German : Eichenried ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nagykamarás ( Romanian : Camarasu Mare ) is a village in Békés County , in the Southern Great Plain region of south - east Hungary .
Petrópolis ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˌpeˈtɾɔpuʎiʃ ) ) , also known as The Imperial City of Brazil , is a municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro , at a distance of 68 km from the state capital .
The CDGK Stadium is an association football stadium in Karachi , Pakistan , with a capacity of 15,000 .
Statland Church ( Norwegian : Statland kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Taj Amir ( Persian : تاج امير‎ , also Romanized as Tāj Amīr ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tranquil Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located at the head of the Kennedy River , east of the head of Bedwell Sound on Vancouver Island .
The Battle Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , located between Incomappleux River and Duncan River south of Battle Brook .
Kyaukpyu Township ( Burmese : ကျောက်ဖြူမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Kyaukpyu District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar .
Simeulue Regency is a regency in the Aceh special region of Indonesia .
Seyyed Taqi Rafiqabadi ( Persian : سيدتقي رفيق ابادي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Taqī Rafīqābādī ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area preserves the Big South Fork of the Cumberland River and its tributaries in northeastern Tennessee and southeastern Kentucky .
Cornbrook tram stop is a tram stop on Greater Manchester 's light rail Metrolink system .
Baba Kuseh - ye Sofla ( Persian : باباكوسه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Kūseh - ye Soflá ; also known as Bābā Kūseh ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Edison Storage Battery Company Building , is located at 177 Main Street and Lakeside Avenue in West Orange , Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Tickenham is a wealthy ornate village and civil parish near Clevedon and Nailsea , North Somerset , England .
Kasmere Lake is a lake in the north - west corner of Manitoba , near the provincial boundaries with Nunavut and Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society ( FHI ) is a science research institute located at the heart of the academic district of Dahlem , in Berlin , Germany .
Sołtyski ( sɔu̯ˈtɨski ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Újszalonta is a village in Békés County , in the Southern Great Plain region of southeast Hungary .
The Roseg Glacier ( Romansh : Vadret da Roseg ) is a 4 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Bernina Range , in the Val Roseg ( Graubünden ) .
Sennybridge ( Welsh : Pont Senni ) is a village in Powys , mid Wales , situated some 42 miles ( 68 km ) from Cardiff and 31 miles ( 50 km ) from Swansea .
Kongoussi is a city located in Bam Province in central Burkina Faso , one of the world 's poorest countries .
Rzeczyca Ziemiańska - Kolonia ( ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ʑɛˈmjaɲska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Duży , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The North Cape Light is an active lighthouse on Prince Edward Island , Canada .
St. George Terminal is a ferry , railway , bus , and park and ride transit center in the St. George neighborhood of Staten Island , New York City .
Saint Ignatius Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery at 101 N. Lamkin Road in Readmond Township , Michigan , USA .
Omm ol Khareyn ( Persian : ام الخرين‎ ; also known as Hovīsār , Omm - ol Hazīn , and Omm ol Khazeyn ) is a village in Gharb - e Karun Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Midland Adventist Academy is a private , coeducational , K-12 grade school located in Shawnee , Kansas .
Sooner Lake is a reservoir in Pawnee and Noble counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Stare Chrapowo ( ˈstarɛ xraˈpɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Alt Grape ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielice , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Outhwaite Homes is a public development under jurisdiction of the Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority in Cleveland , Ohio .
Becontree Heath ( also spelt Beacontree Heath ) is an open space in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham .
Baluli ( Persian : بالولي‎ , also Romanized as Bālūlī and Balooli ; also known as Bāgh Lūlī ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Encarnación de Díaz is a town and municipality located in the far northeast of the state of Jalisco in north central Mexico .
Nowe Przybojewo ( ˈnɔvɛ pʂɨbɔˈjɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Harnden - Browne House is a historic house at 60 - 62 Salem Street in Reading , Massachusetts , exemplifying the adaptation of older buildings to new architectural styles .
Calabogie Peaks is a ski resort in the municipality of Greater Madawaksa , Renfrew County in Eastern Ontario , Canada .
Mogorella , Mogoredda in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east of Oristano .
The Atlantic City Expressway ( officially numbered , but unsigned , as Route 446 and abbreviated A.C. Expressway , ACE , or ACX , and known locally as `` the Expressway '' ) is a 44.19-mile ( 71.12 km ) , controlled - access toll road in New Jersey , managed and operated by the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Jebreil ( Persian : جبرئيل‎ , also Romanized as Jebre’īl , Jabrā’īl , Jebrā’īl ; also known as Jībrā``il ) is a village in Babarashani Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 567 , in 126 families .
Santa Croce degli Armeni or Holy Cross Armenian Church is a church in Venice , on Calle dei Armeni , near St Mark 's Basilica .
Kościany ( kɔɕˈt͡ɕanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pavaratty is a census town in Thrissur district in the Indian state of Kerala . Pavaratty is situated in the coastal area of Chavakkad Taluk in Thrissur District .
Yunxiao County ( simplified Chinese : 云霄县 ; traditional Chinese : 雲霄縣 ; pinyin : Yúnxiāo Xiàn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Hûn - sio - kōan ) is a county of Zhangzhou prefecture level city , in the south of Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
The Slinger Speedway ( formerly Slinger Super Speedway ) is a quarter mile paved oval automobile race track with 33-degree banked corners located in Slinger , Wisconsin .
Castel Lagopesole , or simply Lagopesole , is a village and civil parish ( frazione ) of the municipality ( comune ) of Avigliano , in Basilicata , southern Italy .
Bahriyeh ( Persian : بحريه‎ , also Romanized as Baḩrīyeh ; also known as Barīyeh and Baria ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Miłusze ( miˈwuʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kurattikkadu is the main part of Mannar town situated in Alappuzha district in Kerala , India .
Mount Pico ( Portuguese : Montanha do Pico ) is a stratovolcano and the highest mountain of Portugal , located on the island of Pico , in the mid - Atlantic archipelago of the Azores .
Hiidenvesi is the second largest lake in the Uusimaa region in Finland .
The Guttenberg Public School District is a community public school district that serves students in Pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Guttenberg , New Jersey , United States .
The University of the Sunshine Coast is a public university based on the Sunshine Coast in Queensland , Australia .
Bezenjan ( Persian : بزنجان‎ , also Romanized as Bezenjān ; also known as Bezenjānī , Bīzenjān , Bizinjān , and Now Bezenjān ) is a city in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Toyota Field is a soccer - specific stadium in San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Dhemaji district ( Pron : deɪˈmɑ : ʤi or di:ˈmɑ : ʤi ) ( Assamese : ধেমাজি জিলা ) is an administrative district in the state of Assam in India .
Lafayette Blue Springs State Park is a Florida State Park , located on the west side of the Suwannee River , seven miles northwest of Mayo , off US 27 .
Miller Outdoor Theatre is an outdoor theater for the performing arts in Houston , Texas .
Zarangush ( Persian : زرانگوش‎ , also Romanized as Zarāngūsh and Zarangūsh ) is a village in Hendmini Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Sac and Fox Reservation of the Sac and Fox Nation is a 23.639 sq mi ( 61.226 km² ) tract located in southeastern Richardson County , Nebraska , and northeastern Brown County , Kansas .
Alpullu is a belde ( town ) in Babaeski district of Kırklareli Province .
Iroquois Falls Airport , ( TC LID : CNE4 ) , is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) west southwest of Iroquois Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Unicity Mall was a shopping mall in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Salisbury Beach Military Reservation was a coastal defense site located in Salisbury , Massachusetts .
Western Tokyo , also known as the Tama area ( 多摩地域 Tama chiiki ) , Tama region ( 多摩地方 Tama - chihō ) or toka ( 都下 ) , consists of the part of Tokyo Prefecture to the west of the 23 special wards .
Podskarbice Królewskie ( pɔtskarˈbit͡sɛ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regnów , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دنباله‌رود شمالی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kiataussaq Island ( Danish : Amdrup Ø ) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
The Continental Mill Housing buildings are a pair of historic mill worker housing blocks at 66 - 82 Oxford Street in Lewiston , Maine .
Estadio La Ceiba is a multi - use stadium in the San Felix area of Ciudad Guayana , Venezuela .
Zitak Qeshlaq ( Persian : زيتك قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Zītak Qeshlāq ; also known as Zītak ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Sharqi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Henshaw , Northumberland is a village in the north of England in the vicinity of the ancient Hadrian 's Wall , widely acknowledged to be the most significant Roman monument in Britain .
Dare County Regional Airport ( IATA : MEO , ICAO : KMQI , FAA LID : MQI ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) northwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Manteo , a town in Dare County , North Carolina , United States .
Eneabba Stone Arrangement is the name given to a registration on the Western Australia 's Register of Aboriginal Sites .
Haddadiyeh ( Persian : حداديه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩaddādīyeh , Haddādīyeh , and Haddādīyyeh ) is a village in Rudbar - e Qasran Rural District , Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
CKYL is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music radio format at 610 AM in Peace River , Alberta and also several different other frequencies on the FM dial .
The Rue de la Liberté is the main street in the historic center of the French city Dijon .
The CHCH Television Tower is a 357.5 metre 1,173 feet - high guyed TV mast located at 481 First Road West in Stoney Creek , Ontario , Canada .
Botliyeh ( Persian : بطليه‎ , also Romanized as Boţlīyeh and Botleyeh ; also known as Bolīyeh and Botlia ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chillakur is village and partly out growth of Gudur in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Denton County Courthouse - on - the - Square is the former courthouse of Denton County located in at the county seat Denton , Texas .
Vintage Church is a non - denominational evangelical Protestant church located in Lawrence , Kansas .
Hulland is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire , England , adjoining the A517 road .
Kamienny Jaz ( kaˈmjɛnnɨ ˈjas ) ( German : Steinwehr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Arambuiyeh ( Persian : ارمبويه‎ , also Romanized as Arambū’īyeh ; also known as Arambū ) is a village in Filestan Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Acalanes High School is a public secondary school located in Lafayette , California in the San Francisco Bay Area , within Contra Costa County .
Montecilfone ( Arbërisht : Munxhufuni ) is an Arbëreshë comune in the Province of Campobasso , in the Italian region of Molise , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of Campobasso .
The Frank R. Bowerman Landfill is a landfill in the western Santa Ana Mountains , in Orange County , California .
Mills River Chapel , also known as Mills River United Methodist Church , is a historic Methodist chapel located near Mills River , Henderson County , North Carolina .
The Burnside Bridge is a 1926-built bascule bridge that spans the Willamette River in Portland , Oregon , United States , carrying Burnside Street .
Raton Municipal Airport ( IATA : RTN , ICAO : KRTN , FAA LID : RTN ) ( Crews Field ) is 12 miles southwest of Raton , in Colfax County , New Mexico .
Delaware Route 3 ( DE 3 ) is a state highway northeast of Wilmington in New Castle County , Delaware .
Janaszówek ( janaˈʂuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Furness Vale is a village in the High Peak district of Derbyshire , England , between New Mills and Whaley Bridge .
Girst ( Luxembourgish : Giischt ) is a village in the commune of Rosport , in eastern Luxembourg .
WNFZ is a radio station licensed to Powell , Tennessee , serving Knoxville , Tennessee .
Sur - e Meqdad ( Persian : سورمقداد‎ , also Romanized as Sūr - e Meqdād and Sūr - e Moqdād ; also known as Sūd Moghdād , Sūr - e Meghdād , and Var - e Meqdād ) is a village in Asiab Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aspar Nasrollah ( Persian : اسپرنصراله‎ , also Romanized as Āspar Naşrollah ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mayon Volcano ( Tagalog : Bulkang Mayon , Central Bikol : Bulkan Mayon ) , also known as Mount Mayon , is an active stratovolcano in the Philippine province of Albay , on the island of Luzon in the Philippines .
The Thomas Goree Unit ( GR ) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice men 's prison , located in Huntsville , Texas , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) miles south of downtown Huntsville on Texas State Highway 75 South .
Małe Jodło ( ˈmawɛ ˈjɔdwɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Morgram ( also spelt Moregram ) is a village and gram panchayat under Sagardighi community development block and police station in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The Green Plain Monthly Meetinghouse is a historic former Quaker house of worship near South Charleston in Clark County , Ohio , United States .
Paul B. Johnson State Park is a state park on the shores of Geiger Lake in the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Emerald Ridge High School is a high school in the Puyallup School District of Washington , United States and is commonly referred to as ERHS or simply ER . Emerald Ridge opened in September 2000 .
Dagon Seikkan Township ( Burmese : ဒဂုံဆိပ်ကမ်း မြို့နယ် ( dəɡòʊɴ sʰeɪʔkáɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is an urban township of Yangon , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
The Taylor Square Firehouse is an historic fire station at 113 Garden Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Ratcliffe Mound ( 33-Vi-3 ) is a Native American mound in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
The beach of Es Trenc close to Campos on the southern coast of Majorca is part of the Natural Area of Special Interest Es Trenc - Salobrar de Campos .
Victory Stadium was an American football stadium located in Roanoke , Virginia .
Steinsberg Castle is a castle in the village of Weiler , a suburb of Sinsheim in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
The DesBrisay Museum is a museum showcasing the history of the town of Bridgewater , Nova Scotia and the surrounding area , including its inhabitants and architecture , whose collection is due to the efforts of Judge Mather Byles DesBrisay .
Kodinar is a city and municipality in Gir Somnath district , in the Indian state of Gujarat , 37 kilometres ( 23 mi ) west of Una .
The Surrogate 's Courthouse , also known as the Hall of Records , is a Beaux Arts municipal building in lower Manhattan in New York City .
Outlaw Run is a wooden roller coaster located at the Silver Dollar City amusement park in Branson , Missouri .
Tavistock Country Club is a private 18-hole golf and tennis club located in Tavistock , New Jersey .
Marązy ( maˈrɔ̃zɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Żytnia ( ˈʐɨtɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Saddlehorn Utility Area Historic District in Colorado National Monument comprises a complex of park service buildings , designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in the National Park Service Rustic style .
The Breezy Hill Site ( RI-957 ) is a prehistoric archaeological site in Foster , Rhode Island .
Karvandan ( Persian : كروندان‎ , also Romanized as Karvandān and Karūnān ; also known as Karonān ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Dehgolan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
La Prairie Grange Hall No . 79 , also known as the La Prairie Town Hall , is an historic two - story wooden Grange hall located in La Prairie , Rock County , Wisconsin .
Koonamthai is a ward located in Kalamassery municipality in Ernakulam district , Kerala , India .
Belridge Secondary College , formerly Belridge Senior High School , is a comprehensive co - educational state high school located in Beldon , 3.8 kilometres ( 2.4 mi ) south of Joondalup in the northern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia .
South Oxhey is a suburb of Watford in the Watford Rural parish of the Three Rivers district of Hertfordshire , England .
Newliston is a country house near Edinburgh , Scotland .
In terms of the Côte d'Or hillside , Bâtard - Montrachet is located below Montrachet , with the Route des Grands Crus running between the two vineyards .
Changoi is a village in district Churu , Rajasthan .
Kasr - e Asef ( Persian : كسراصف‎ , also Romanized as Kasr - e Āşef , Kaşr - e Āşef , and Kaşr Āşef ; also known as Kasrāset and Khāsrās ) is a village in Khenejin Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Fudij ( Persian : فوديج‎ , also Romanized as Fūdīj ) is a village in Banestan Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University ( Abbr . : GGSIPU or IP or IPU , informally known as Indraprastha University , Hindi : गुरु गोबिंद सिंह इंद्रप्रस्थ विश्वविद्यालय ) is a public , professional university located in Delhi , India .
Henry Smith Farm , also known as Hidden Spring Farm , is a historic home , barn , and vaulted cellar located at Middletown , Dauphin County , Pennsylvania .
The McCurdy Hotel is a historic building in the Riverfront District of Evansville , Indiana , built in the colonial revival style and designed by architect Henry Ziegler Dietz .
St Giles ' Church , Camberwell , is the parish church of Camberwell , a district of London which forms part of the London Borough of Southwark .
The King Power Stadium ( also known as Leicester City Stadium ) is a football stadium located in Leicester , England .
Kughan ( Persian : كوغان‎ , also Romanized as Kūghān ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Darreh Lar Karim ( Persian : داره لاركريم‎ , also Romanized as Dārreh Lār Karīm ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ramonville - Saint - Agne ( or simply Ramonville ) is a commune in the Haute - Garonne department in southwestern France .
The Box Elder County Courthouse , located at 1 N. Main St. in Brigham City , Utah , was built in 1857 and expanded greatly in 1910 .
The Merkenstein ruins are the remains of a castle in Lower Austria near Bad Vöslau in the Großau cadastre ( property register ) .
The Bait Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains , located on the west side of northern Takla Lake in northern British Columbia , Canada .
LaGrange Callaway Airport ( IATA : LGC , ICAO : KLGC , FAA LID : LGC ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of LaGrange , a city in Troup County , Georgia , United States .
Admiral William Standley State Recreation Area is a state recreation area of California , USA , featuring 45 acres ( 18 ha ) of redwoods on the Eel River .
The Upper Newport Bay ( known to locals as `` The Back Bay '' ) is a large coastal wetland ( an estuary ) in Newport Beach , Southern California and a major stopover for birds on the Pacific Flyway .
Kodivar ( Persian : كديور‎ , also Romanized as Kodīvar ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Belvidere Hill Historic District is a residential area on the east side of Lowell , Massachusetts known for its fine 19th - century houses .
Korehi ( Persian : کره‌ای‎ , also Romanized as Koreh’ī ; also known as Chār Rāh , Katra , Katreh , Koreh , and Korreh ) is a city in and the capital of Sarchehan District , in Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Yuba City Astronomical Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned by the Doscher Family Trust and operated primarily by trustee Richard J. Doscher of Yuba City , California .
Old Harford Road , one of the oldest continuously - used rights - of - way in central Maryland , United States , is a southwest - northeast thoroughfare in northeast Baltimore and eastern Baltimore County .
Kanuti National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge in central Alaska , United States .
Neuostheim / Neuhermsheim is a suburb of the city of Mannheim , Germany , composed of Neuostheim and Neuhermsheim and is considered to be one of the more attractive neighbourhoods of Mannheim .
Smęcino ( smɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Schmenzin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Central Mountain is a mountain in Columbia County , Sullivan County , and Luzerne County , in Pennsylvania , United States .
Milford Mill Academy ( MMA ) is a four - year public high school in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .
The Richmond County School System is a public school system managed by the Richmond County Board of Education , serving consolidated Augusta - Richmond County , Georgia and the south Richmond County cities of Hephzibah and Blythe .
Jelno ( ˈjɛlnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Danqaralu ( Persian : دانقرالو‎ , also Romanized as Dānqarālū and Dānqarlū ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lyman Ward Military Academy ( LWMA ) is a private military school located in Camp Hill , Alabama for boys in grades 6 - 12 .
Ehnen ( Luxembourgish : Éinen ) is a small town in the commune of Wormeldange , in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Mukteshwar is a town and tourist destination in the Nainital district of Uttarakhand , India .
Lakalayeh ( Persian : لاكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Lākalāyeh ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Jadir ( Persian : جدير‎ , also Romanized as Jadīr ; also known as Jadīd ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kilmory Castle , also known as Kilmory House , is a large 19th - century house located just to the south of Lochgilphead , in Argyll , Argyll and Bute , on the west coast of Scotland .
Stock Island is an island in the lower Florida Keys immediately east of Key West ( separated from Key West by Cow Key Channel , which is only about 75 yards ( 70 m ) wide ) .
Fath ol Jalil ( Persian : فتح الجليل‎ , also Romanized as Fatḥ ol Jalīl ; also known as Fatḥoljalīl ) is a village in Sarkhun Rural District , Qaleh Qazi District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Łobżonka ( wɔbˈʐɔnka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łobżenica , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
CHPA - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a tourist information format at 90.9 FM in Port Alberni , British Columbia .
Revendrapadu is a village in Guntur District of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Ashley and Bailey Company Silk Mill , also known as Franklin Silk Mill and Leinhardt Brothers Furniture Warehouse , is a historic silk mill located at West York , York County , Pennsylvania .
Abumusa County ( Persian : شهرستان ابوموسی‎ ) is a county in Hormozgan Province in Iran .
Pratkowice ( pratkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , with in Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mason Lake is a natural elongated lake south of Belfair , Washington , USA in Mason County .
Bjørnfjell Station ( Norwegian : Bjørnfjell stasjon ) is a railway station in the village of Bjørnfjell in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Administratively Amanu forms a commune in French Polynesia which includes the atolls of Rekareka ( uninhabited ) and Tauere .
Bandimere Speedway , also known in the NHRA as Thunder Mountain , is a quarter - mile dragstrip located just outside Morrison , Colorado and Lakewood , Colorado .
Mae Khatuan ( Thai : แม่คะตวน ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Sop Moei District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Hlaing Township ( Burmese : လှိုင် မြို့နယ် , pronounced : ( l̥àiɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is an area of Yangon , Myanmar .
Giaku ( Persian : گياكو‎ , also Romanized as Gīākū ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Elias Abel House is a historic building in western Bloomington , Indiana , United States .
The St. Clair Region Conservation Authority is a conservation authority in the province of Ontario .
Drachenbronn Air Base ( Base Aérienne 901 Drachenbronn ) of the French Air Force is located in the community of Drachenbronn - Birlenbach in the Bas - Rhin département .
Hill Air Force Base ( IATA : HIF , ICAO : KHIF , FAA LID : HIF ) is a major U.S. Air Force base located in northern Utah , just south of the city of Ogden , and near the towns of Clearfield , Riverdale , Roy , Sunset , and Layton .
Nuhaka is a small settlement in the northern Hawke 's Bay Region of New Zealand 's eastern North Island , lying on State Highway 2 between Wairoa and Gisborne .
Dhuan Kalan is a village near Deoli city , in the Tonk district of Rajasthan , India .
KJMS ( 101.1 FM ) is an urban adult contemporary radio station in Memphis Tennessee , and serving the Mid - South , area , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
The Woodburn Dragstrip is a quarter - mile NHRA dragstrip located in Woodburn , Oregon .
Szczonów ( ˈʂt͡ʂɔnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Chalaneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : چلانه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chalāneh - ye Soflá ; also known as Chalānī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Mansur - e Aqai Rural District , Shahu District , Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Mercantile National Bank Building ( known colloquially as The Merc ) is a 31-story , 159.4 m ( 523 ft ) skyscraper at 1700 Main Street in the Main Street district of downtown Dallas , Texas .
Tazehabad - e Murchi ( Persian : تازه ابادمورچي‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Mūrchī ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Gayhurst is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes , ceremonial Buckinghamshire in England .
Casale Corte Cerro is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) west of Verbania .
Georges River Grammar ( GRG ) is an independent , co - educational , day school located in Georges Hall , a suburb of South - Western Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Wind Creek State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Alexander City , Alabama , on the western side of Lake Martin , a 41,000-acre ( 17,000 ha ) reservoir on the Tallapoosa River .
Skotniki Duże ( skɔtˈniki ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Petite Rivière is a river in Nova Scotia , Canada located entirely within Lunenburg County .
The Stuart Welcome Arch ( also known as the 1926 Welcome Arch or Rio - Jensen Beach Arch ) is an historic arch - shaped structure which straddles County Road 707 between 2369 and 2390 Northeast Dixie Highway in Jensen Beach , Florida .
Aseminun District ( Persian : بخش آسمینون‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tregare ( Welsh : Tre'r - gaer ) is an ancient parish on the northern border of the Raglan hundred of Monmouthshire in southeast Wales .
The Old Farm Schoolhouse , also known as the Brick School , is a historic schoolhouse at Park Ave . and School St. in Bloomfield , Connecticut .
Dam Gerow Band ( Persian : دم گروبند‎ ; also known as Pāzhnān ) is a village in Isin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Penland School of Crafts ( `` Penland '' ) is an Arts and Crafts educational center located in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Spruce Pine , North Carolina , about 50 miles from Asheville .
Roush Creek Falls is a steep cascade in North Cascades National Park , Washington , U.S. Glacial melt waters from Eldorado Glacier flow south creating Roush Creek .
Nemerlaer Castle is a 14th - century castle , located in Haaren , Netherlands .
Edam - Volendam ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the northwest Netherlands , in the province of North Holland , consisting of the towns of Edam and Volendam , whose centres lie just 3 km apart .
North Union Station ( 1893 - 1927 ) or North Station in Boston , Massachusetts , was a train station consisting of three adjoined buildings .
Grândola ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɡɾɐ̃dulɐ ) ) is a town ( vila ) and municipality in Setúbal District in Portugal .
The Loggia dei Lanzi , also called the Loggia della Signoria , is a building on a corner of the Piazza della Signoria in Florence , Italy , adjoining the Uffizi Gallery .
Chaleh Sara ( Persian : چاله سرا‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh Sarā ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bayenthal ( German : Köln - Bayenthal ) is a neighbourhood of Cologne , Germany and part of the district of Rodenkirchen .
Bannister Hall and Baynard House is a national historic district located near Smyrna , Kent County , Delaware .
Taminan ( Persian : تمينان‎ , also Romanized as Ţamīnān and Tamīnān ; also known as Eţmīnān and Ţambītān ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Portland Bible College ( PBC ) is a four - year Bible college in Portland , Oregon , USA that offers theological and church ministry degrees .
Gholamreza Bagh ( Persian : غلامرضاباغ‎ , also Romanized as Gholāmreẕā Bāgh ) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Great Northern Railway Passenger and Freight Depot ( also known as the Burlington Northern Depot ) is a historic Burlington Northern train station at 1 Court Street in Aberdeen , South Dakota .
The Chismore Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges , located on the western edge of Porcher Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Łuczaje ( wuˈt͡ʂajɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hoseyn Aqa ( Persian : حسين اقا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Āqā ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The El Tovar Apartments is an apartment building located at 320 East Grand Boulevard in Detroit , Michigan , in the East Grand Boulevard Historic District .
Grudno ( ˈɡrudnɔ ) ( German : Petersgrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kottigehara ( Kannada : ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆಹಾರ ) is a village located in the foothills of Charmadi ghat in Chikkamagaluru district of Karnataka state , India .
Baillargues ( Catalan : Balhargues ) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
The Fitzwilliam Museum is the art and antiquities museum of the University of Cambridge , located on Trumpington Street opposite Fitzwilliam Street in central Cambridge , England .
Khazan ( Persian : خزان‎ , also Romanized as Khazān ; also known as Khīzu ) is a village in Shakhen Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Billesley Common is a recreational area of public open space in South Birmingham , England .
93.9 Bay FM ( call sign : 3BAY ) is a commercial FM radio station based in Geelong , Victoria .
Bom Jesus do Itabapoana is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro .
Wierzchocina ( vjɛʂxɔˈt͡ɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Arena Corinthians is a sports stadium located in São Paulo , Brazil and owned , operated , and used by Sport Club Corinthians Paulista .
Łopatno ( wɔˈpatnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Selma Unified School District is a school system located in Selma , California .
Qunchamarka ( Quechua , hispanicized spelling Conchamarca , Conchamarka , Qonchamarca , regionally also spelled ' Qonchamarka ' ) is an archaeological site in Peru located in the Cusco Region , Urubamba Province , Machupicchu District , southwest of the mountain Runkuraqay .
Rowfeh ( Persian : روفه‎ , also Romanized as Rūfeh ; also known as Rowqeh ) is a village in Jarahi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Windygates is a small village and surrounding district in central Fife , Scotland .
The Plackwald is a ridge of hills , up to 581.5 m above sea level ( NHN ) , and part of the Rhenish Massif in the counties of Soest and Hochsauerlandkreis , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Scots Mining Company House , also known as Woodlands Hall , is an early-18th - century mansion house in Leadhills , South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
The Seattle Cinerama Theatre is a landmark movie theater located in the Belltown neighborhood of Seattle , Washington in the United States of America .
The Spero Building is a twelve - story building put up by David Spero at 19 - 27 West 21st Street in the Flatiron District neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Isenachweiher in the Palatinate Forest ( Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a reservoir on the River Isenach , a left tributary of the Rhine .
Sông Công is a district - level city ( thành phố ) of Thái Nguyên Province in the Northeast region of Vietnam .
Sarduiyeh ( Persian : ساردوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Sārdū’īyeh and Sardueeyeh ; also known as Balūchestānī ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kebili Governorate ( Arabic : ولاية ڨبلي‎ Gibillī pronounced ( ˈɡbɪl.liː ) ) is the second largest of the 24 governorates ( provinces ) of Tunisia .
Sonoma Coast State Park is a State of California property in Sonoma County consisting of public access use on lands adjoining the Pacific Ocean .
Cardiff , New York is a small hamlet in Onondaga County , New York , located south of Syracuse .
Bulphan is a village in the borough of Thurrock in the East of England and one of the traditional ( Church of England ) parishes in Thurrock .
O.C. Fisher Reservoir ( also known as O.C. Fisher Lake , formerly known as San Angelo Lake ) is an artificial lake located west of the city of San Angelo , Texas .
Piętki - Basie ( ˈpjɛntki ˈbaɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gnaviyani Atoll is one of the administrative divisions of the Maldives corresponding to the natural atoll , Fuvahmulah .
Satiari ( Persian : ساتياري‎ , also Romanized as Sātīārī and Sātī Yārī ) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District , Bayangan District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Prairie Chapel Ranch is a 1,583 acre ( 6.4 km² ) ranch in unincorporated McLennan County , Texas , located 7 miles ( 11 km ) northwest of Crawford ( about 25 miles ( 40 km ) from Waco ) .
Bisqafizan ( Persian : بيسقفيزن‎ , also Romanized as Bīsqafīzan ) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Charuq Duz Mahalleh ( Persian : چاروق دوزمحله‎ , also Romanized as Chārūq Dūz Maḩalleh ) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mazon Station was a small Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway station in Mazon , Illinois .
Hallsborough Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located near Midlothian , Chesterfield County , Virginia .
Fanatorget is a shopping mall in Ytrebygda district in Bergen .
Aandiruppu , formerly Aandiruppu , Naalur Thiruvidaimaruthur Vouraatchi , is a village located at the southern end of Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu , about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) from the toen of Kumbakonam .
Robaczewo ( rɔbaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Skowronno Dolne ( skɔˈvrɔnnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ab Bahri ( Persian : اببحري‎ , also Romanized as Āb Baḩrī and Āb - e Baḩrī ) is a village in Kiskan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sępólno County ( Polish : powiat sępoleński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
The Bullfrog Hills are a small range of mountains in southern Nye County , Nevada .
Szlatyn ( ˈʂlatɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The American Legion State Forest Trails is a system of Blue - Blazed hiking trails in the Pleasant Valley section of Barkhamsted , Connecticut .
Lake Jyväsjärvi ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈjyvæsˌjærvi ) ) is a lake situated in the centre of Jyväskylä in Finland .
The Hassayampa River ( Yavapai : Hasaya : mvo or ʼHasayamcho : ) is an intermittent river , the headwaters of which are just south of Prescott , Arizona , United States , and flows mostly south towards Wickenburg entering the Gila River near Hassayampa , Arizona .
Mount Baker ( Lummi : Qwú’mə Kwəlshéːn ; Nooksack : Kw’eq Smaenit or Kwelshán ) , also known as Koma Kulshan or simply Kulshan , is an active glaciated andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the North Cascades of Washington in the United States .
The Merrimack Canal is a power canal in Lowell , Massachusetts .
The Star Garage ( also known as the Crawford and Davis Livery Stable or Poole - Gable Motors ) is a U.S. historic building in Gainesville , Florida .
Mohammadabad - e Tabatbayi ( Persian : محمدابادطباطبايي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Ţabāţbāyī ) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Khalilabad ( Persian : كلاته خليل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Khalīlābād ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Khalīlzādeh and Khalīlābād ) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District , Lotfabad District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Saint Mary 's Regional Medical Center is a for - profit hospital in Reno , Nevada .
Leiderdorp ( Dutch pronunciation : ( lɛi̯dərˈdɔrp ) ) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland near the city of Leiden .
Grinnell Regional Medical Center ( GRMC ) is an 49-bed rural community hospital in Grinnell , Iowa .
Saray - e Malek ( Persian : سراي ملك‎ , also Romanized as Sarāy - e Malek ; also known as Sarā - ye Malek ) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ploski ( ˈplɔski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sunset Zoo , also known as Sunset Zoological Park , is the city zoo of Manhattan , Kansas , and is home to over 300 animals representing more than 100 species .
Estadio Manuel Felipe Carrera , also known as Estadio El Trébol , is a football ( soccer ) stadium in Guatemala City , Guatemala .
Mazraeh - ye Fakhrabi ( Persian : مزرعه فخرابي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Fakhrābī ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 5 families .
The Louis G. Redstone Residential Historic District consists of three houses located on Appoline Street in the Greenwich Park neighborhood in northwest Detroit along with the perimeter brick wall that encloses their common rear yards , an outdoor cook stove incorporated into the wall and a small wading pool decorated with stylized snail sculptures by artist Samuel Cashwan .
Ellwood P. Cubberley High School was one of three public high schools in Palo Alto , California .
Queen Elizabeth Collegiate and Vocational Institute ( QECVI ) , or `` QE '' , is a High School in north Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Rambler Channel Typhoon Shelter ( Chinese : 藍巴勒海峽避風塘 ) is a typhoon shelter in the Rambler Channel , near Kwai Chung , Hong Kong .
Army Theatre , also known as Trailside Museum , is a former theater , now a museum , at the former Fort Robinson in Crawford , Nebraska .
Goli Khun ( Persian : گلي خون‎ , also Romanized as Golī Khūn ; also known as Golī Khān , Kolī Khān , and Qolī Khān ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Graham - Crocker House is a historic home located at 30 North Main Street , Bel Air , Harford County , Maryland , United States .
Verquigneul is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais Departments of France in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
Parvin State Park , located in the southwestern part of New Jersey is a park whose history is as varied as its wildlife .
Bishop Feehan High School is a co - educational Catholic high school in Attleboro , Massachusetts , which used to be located in Fall River , Massachusetts .
Ali Rais ( Persian : علي رئيس‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Ra’īs ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 431 , in 110 families .
Anar - e Sorkh Pust ( Persian : انارسرخ پوست‎ , also Romanized as Anār - e Sorkh Pūst ; also known as Anār - e Sorkh ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Radynia ( raˈdɨɲa ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce .
The Palo Verde Mountains are a mountain range in northeastern Imperial County , California .
Tiger Field ( FAA LID : N58 ) is a public use airport owned by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Fernley , a city in Lyon County , Nevada , United States .
Whitman Park is a historic park near the center of the town of Whitman , Massachusetts .
Fort Conde , located in Mobile , Alabama , United States is a reconstruction , at 4/5 scale , as a third of the original 1720s French Fort Condé at the site .
Muju County ( Muju - gun ) , is a county in North Jeolla Province ( Jeollabuk - do ) , South Korea .
Craigmillar ( Scottish Gaelic : Creag a ' Mhuilleir ) , from the Gaelic Crag Maol Ard , meaning ' High Bare Rock ' , is an area of Edinburgh , Scotland about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south east of the city centre , with Duddingston to the north and Newcraighall to the east .
Alyzeia ( Greek : Αλύζεια ) was an ancient Greek city in Acarnania .
Third Presbyterian Church Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian parsonage at 1068 E. Blaine Avenue in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Yelland is a small village in North Devon between Instow and Fremington in the English county of Devon .
Yerak ( Persian : يرك‎ ) is a village in Alamut - e Bala Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The West Block ( officially the Western Departmental Building ; in French : Édifice administratif de l'ouest ) is one of the three buildings on Parliament Hill , in Ottawa , Ontario , containing offices for parliamentarians , as well as some preserved pre - Confederation spaces .
Sushi Yasuda is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 204 East 43rd Street ( between Second Avenue and Third Avenue ) in the Grand Central area of Midtown Manhattan , in New York City .
Hoseynabad - e Bid Sukhteh ( Persian : حسين ابادبيدسوخته‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Bīd Sūkhteh ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Bard Kharan ( Persian : بردخران‎ , also Romanized as Bard Kharān ; also known as Bard Khvārān and Bar Dokhtarān ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kachalanlu ( Persian : كچلانلو‎ , also Romanized as Kachalānlū ; also known as Kachalan ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Abergwyngregyn is a village and community of historical note in Gwynedd , a county and principal area in Wales .
Capella Tower ( also 225 South Sixth ) is a skyscraper in Minneapolis , Minnesota , USA .
The Srinagarind Dam ( also known as the Srinakarin Dam ; Thai : เขื่อนศรีนครินทร์ ; rtgs : Khuean Sinakharin ) is an embankment dam on the Khwae Yai river in Si Sawat District of Kanchanaburi Province , Thailand .
Emmanuel 's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church at 30 W. Warren Street in Germantown , Ohio .
William Virts House , also known as the Uriah Beans House , is a historic home located near Waterford , Loudoun County , Virginia .
Mobile Downtown Airport ( IATA : BFM , ICAO : KBFM , FAA LID : BFM ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Mobile , a city in Mobile County , Alabama , United States .
The Pennsauken Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Pennsauken Township , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Goleniowy ( ɡɔlɛˈɲɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Aliabad - e Vosta ( Persian : علي ابادوسطي‎ , also Romanized as `` Ālīābād - e Vosţá ) is a village in Karezan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 68 , in 15 families .
Veddel is a quarter ( Stadtteil ) in the Hamburg - Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg on the homonymous island in the Elbe river , in northern Germany .
Reichelsheim ( Odenwald ) is a community in the Odenwaldkreis ( district ) in Hesse , Germany .
The Sandhubel is a mountain of the Plessur Alps , located south of Arosa in the canton of Graubünden .
Tulare Hill is a prominent hill in the Santa Teresa Hills of western Santa Clara County , California .
The Tawachiche West River is located in the Municipality of Lac - aux - Sables ( the mouth is 9.5 km North of the village of Hervey - Jonction ) , in the administrative region of Mauricie , in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Klonowo Górne ( klɔˈnɔvɔ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rębków ( ˈrɛmpkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lower Subansiri district ( Pron:/su : bənˈsɪɹi/ ) is one of the 17 administrative districts of the state of Arunachal Pradesh in northeastern India .
Kalvari ( Persian : كلواري‎ , also Romanized as Kalvārī ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Leptis Magna Museum is an archaeological museum that is located in Khoms , Libya .
The Webb Horton House , is an ornate 40-room mansion in Middletown , New York , United States , designed by local architect Frank Lindsey .
Limburg ( Weilheim an der Teck ) is a mountain of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Cotton Theatre , also known as Regent Theatre and Oster Regent Theatre , is a theater located at the corner of 1st Street and Main Street in downtown Cedar Falls , Iowa , United States .
The Bruce Peninsula is a peninsula in Ontario , Canada , that lies between Georgian Bay and the main basin of Lake Huron .
Lake Maitland is a dry salt lake located approximately 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) south east of Wiluna , in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
Ahmadabad - e Pol Abgineh ( Persian : احمدابادپل ابگينه‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Pol Ābgīneh ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Balyan Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
WBGD ( 91.9 FM ) was a high school radio station based in Brick Township , New Jersey , started at Brick Township High School and later broadcast from Brick Memorial High School .
Bad Vilbel station is located at the 183.6 kilometre mark of the Main - Weser Railway in the town of Bad Vilbel in the German state of Hesse .
Dharugapuram ( Tamil:தாருகாபுரம் ) is a panchayat Village in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Kargahi ( Persian : كارگهي‎ , also Romanized as Kārgahī ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Warren H. Doane Diamond at Memorial Field is a stadium located in Concord , New Hampshire .
Warnors Theatre is an historic theater located in downtown Fresno , California .
The Dimmsville Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Dimmsville , Greenwood Township , Juniata County , Pennsylvania .
The Adolph Brower House is located at the corner of Division and Water streets in New Hamburg , New York , United States , opposite the Abraham Brower House .
Prawy Las ( ˈpravɨ ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sevlievo Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Севлиево ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Gabrovo Province , North - central Bulgaria , located in the area of the so - called Fore - Balkan between Stara planina mountain and the Danubian Plain .
Żychlewo ( ʐɨˈxlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The William A. Buckingham House , also known as Buckingham Memorial Hall , is a historic house a fraternal hall at 307 Main Street in Norwich , Connecticut .
Tatapudi village is belonging to Ramachandara Puram Taluka in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh State of India .
The Middleburg AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the northern Piedmont region of Virginia , 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Washington , D.C ..
Reedville Creek Park is a municipal park in the Reedville neighborhood of Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
It is now home to the Machynys Peninsula Golf and Country Club which hosted the Wales Ladies Championship of Europe from 2005 - 2008 .
Ottweiler ( Saar ) station is centrally located in the town of Ottweiler in the German state of the Saarland on the Nahe Valley Railway , which was opened in 1860 .
Boldraž ( pronounced ( ˈboːldɾaʃ ) ) is a small settlement north of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Tymin ( ˈtɨmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Boler Mountain , is the home of the London Ski Club in London , Ontario .
The Wesermünde Geest ( German : Wesermünder Geest ) is the collective name for several geest ridges in the west of Cuxhaven district and Bremen 's North Borough in northern Germany .
Yoxford is a village in the east of Suffolk , England close to the Heritage Coast , Minsmere Reserve ( RSPB ) , Aldeburgh and Southwold .
The Fort Edmonton Footbridge is a pedestrian bridge that crosses the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Puzhuthivakkam , commonly known as Ullagaram - Puzhuthivakkam , is one of the southern suburbs of Chennai .
Gering High School ( GHS ) is the only high school in Gering , Nebraska , United States .
Central State University , commonly referred to as CSU , is a historically black university ( HBCU ) located in Wilberforce , Ohio , United States .
St Peter 's , Eastern Hill is the Anglican parish church of the City of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum is located at the Whitefish Point Light Station 11 miles ( 18 km ) north of Paradise in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Baluchyn ( Ukrainian : Балучин ) is a village in Busk Raion ( district ) of Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine .
Koreh Muchi ( Persian : كره موچي‎ , also Romanized as Koreh Mūchī ; also known as Koremochī ) is a village in Sigar Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Brecksville - Northfield High Level Bridge is a bridge in Greater Cleveland , Ohio , U.S. , connecting Brecksville in Cuyahoga County with Sagamore Hills Township in Summit County .
The Sheffield Supertram ( officially the Stagecoach Supertram ) is an English light rail tram system in the city of Sheffield , South Yorkshire .
The Coalmont Bank Building , also known as Sewanee Fuel & Iron Company Building , is an historic building in Coalmont , Tennessee , United States , that now serves as the city hall and local library .
Jamienko ( jaˈmjɛnkɔ ) ( German : Königsgnade ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pasand ( Persian : پاسند‎ , also Romanized as Pāsand ) is a village in Panj Hezareh Rural District , in the Central District of Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The State Farm Arena is a multi - purpose complex , in Hidalgo , Texas .
Domkowo ( dɔmˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Domkau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Nathan Lester House is a historic house museum on Vinegar Hill Road in the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard , Connecticut .
Spirit of St. Louis Airport ( IATA : SUS , ICAO : KSUS , FAA LID : SUS ) is a public airport located 17 miles ( 27 km ) west of the central business district of St. Louis , in St. Louis County , Missouri , United States .
Godar Shahri ( Persian : گدارشهري‎ , also Romanized as Godār Shahrī ) is a village in Boyer Ahmad - e Garmsiri Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Getty Research Institute ( GRI ) , located at the Getty Center in Los Angeles , California , is `` dedicated to furthering knowledge and advancing understanding of the visual arts '' .
The Coombs Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge which carries Coombs Bridge Road over the Ashuelot River in northern Winchester , New Hampshire .
Bala Zarrin Kola ( Persian : بالازرين كلا‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Zarrīn Kolā ; also known as Zarrīn Kolā - ye Bālā ) is a village in Larim Rural District , Gil Khuran District , Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Jardin botanique de l'Evêché ( Botanical Garden of the Bishopric , 2 hectares ) , also known as the Jardin botanique de Limoges , is a botanical garden located behind the Cathedral and Musée de l'Evêché in Limoges , Haute - Vienne , Limousin , France .
The Earl Burns Miller Japanese Garden is a Japanese garden encompassing 1.3 acres ( 0.53 ha ) on the campus of California State University , Long Beach , in Long Beach , California , USA .
Passendale ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈpɑsəndaˑlə ) ) or Passchendaele ( obsolete spelling , retained in English ) is a rural Belgian village in the Zonnebeke municipality of West Flanders province .
Bohukały ( bɔxuˈkawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Zarrin Choqa ( Persian : زرين چقا‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīn Choqā ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Delaware State University ( also referred to as DSU , DESU , or Del State ) , is an American historically black , public university located in Dover , Delaware .
Tanag Lai ( Persian : تنگ لايي‎ , also Romanized as Tanag Lā’ī and Tanak Lā’ī ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Antrim County Airport ( IATA : ACB , ICAO : KACB , FAA LID : ACB ) is a county - owned public - use airport located one mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of Bellaire , a village in Antrim County , Michigan , United States .
The King Archaeological Site ( 9FL5 ) is a protohistoric Native American archaeological site located on the Coosa River in Floyd County , Georgia .
Murkle is a small scattered hamlet , made up of East Murkle and West Murkle located 1 mile east of Thurso , in Caithness , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Boston Camera Club is the leading amateur photographic organization in Boston , Massachusetts and vicinity .
The Palace Lodge is a historic commercial building in the small town of Winslow , Indiana , United States .
The Nor Yauyos - Cochas Landscape Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Paisajística Nor Yauyos - Cochas ) is a protected area in Peru located in the Lima Region , Yauyos Province and in the Junín Region , Jauja Province .
The Estádio Municipal Coronel José Bezerra , nicknamed Bezerrão , is a football stadium located in Currais Novos , Rio Grande do Norte state , Brazil .
Gankhak - e Kowra ( Persian : گنخك كورا‎ , also Romanized as Gankhak - e Kowrā and Gonkhak - e Kowrā ; also known as Kowrā and Kūrā ) is a village in Kaki Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hawlemont Regional Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Charlemont , Massachusetts , United States .
Povrly ( German Pömmerle or Pömerle ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Ústí nad Labem District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
The Kesterson National Wildlife Refuge is an artificial wetland environment , created using agricultural runoff from farmland in California 's Central Valley .
Gijang County is a gun , or county , located between Haeundae - gu and Ulsan in northern Busan , South Korea .
The Emmett Kelly Museum in Sedan , Kansas , nominally honors their native son , the famed circus clown .
P. H. Hoeft State Park is located 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Rogers City , Michigan , on US 23 in Presque Isle County .
Naches Pass ( elevation 4,928 feet ( 1,502 m ) ) is a mountain pass of the Cascade Range in the state of Washington .
Peaks Ice Arena is an indoor ice hockey arena in Provo , Utah , United States , located 43 miles ( 69 km ) south of Salt Lake City .
Ghirardelli Square is a landmark public square with shops and restaurants in the Fisherman 's Wharf area of San Francisco , California .
Balvenie Castle is a ruined castle near Dufftown in the Moray region of Scotland .
Gen. John Lacey Homestead is a historic home located at Wycombe , Buckingham Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
The Shepherd School of Music is a university school of music located on the campus of Rice University in Houston , Texas .
Dziadyk ( ˈd͡ʑadɨk ) ( German : Greisenau ; before 1877 : Dziadek ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Damerham is a village and civil parish in Hampshire , England , located near to Fordingbridge .
Also in the village are Holyport Church of England Primary School and Holyport Cricket Club .
Qeshlaq - e Meleh ( Persian : قشلاق مله‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Meleh ) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Port Fairy to Warrnambool Important Bird Area comprises a 14 km2 strip of coastal land lying between the town of Port Fairy to the west and the regional city of Warrnambool to the east , in south - western Victoria , Australia .
Norwegian National Road 191 ( Norwegian : Riksvei 191 ) runs down Groruddalen in Oslo from north to south .
Pabay Mòr or Pabaigh Mòr is an uninhabited island in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
The Stockyards Exchange is a building in South St. Paul , Minnesota , United States , built in 1887 by the recently formed Union Stock Yards Company of Omaha .
Willard Brook State Forest is a Massachusetts state park located in the towns of Ashby and Townsend about 50 miles ( 80 km ) from Boston .
Yuz Bashi ( Persian : يوزباشي‎ , also Romanized as Yūz Bāshī ; also known as Yoozbash Cha’i and Yūzmāshe ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Charłub ( ˈxarwup ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Makh ( Persian : ماخ‎ , also Romanized as Mākh ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Walter P. Chrysler Museum , which opened in October 1999 , is located in Auburn Hills , Michigan .
Chotkowo ( xɔtˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Kathkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzytuchom , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Tiny Marsh Provincial Wildlife Area , located in Simcoe County , Central Ontario , Canada , is Ontario 's first provincially owned and managed wetland and is one of approximately 1200 Important Bird Areas recognized in Canada .
Kadłub Turawski ( ˈkadwup tuˈrafski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hoseynabad - e Tarman ( Persian : حسين ابادترمان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Tarmān ; also known as Ḩasanābād - e Tarmān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Nome mining district , also known as the Cape Nome mining district , is a gold mining district in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Lyndon B. Johnson State Park and Historic Site is a state park located along the Pedernales River in Gillespie County , Texas , United States west of Johnson City and east of Fredericksburg .
Adegan ( Persian : عادگان‎ , also Romanized as `` Ādegān and Adgān ; also known as Adgūn and Adkān ) is a village in Zayandeh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 698 , in 167 families .
The Central Diner , now called The Elmwood Diner and formerly or also known as Liberty Elm Diner , Jenn 's Elmwood Diner , Ole Elmwood Diner , Liberty Elm Diner , or Worcester Lunch Car Company Diner # 806 , is a historic diner at 777 Elmwood Avenue in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Fasken Center is a complex of two 182-foot - tall ( 55 m ) high - rise buildings in the downtown business district of Midland , Texas .
Blanche Kelso Bruce Academy is the name given to several charter schools within the Detroit Public Schools in Detroit , Michigan , currently serving 345 students in grades 5 - 12 .
The Moritz Bergstein Shoddy Mill and Warehouse are two historic industrial buildings in Stillwater , Minnesota , United States , in which Jewish German immigrant Moritz Bergstein conducted his recycling business circa 1890 to 1910 .
Penn Quarter is a neighborhood in the East End of Downtown Washington , D.C. north of Pennsylvania Avenue , NW .
Incheh - ye Khoda Bandehlu ( Persian : اينچه خدابنده لو‎ , also Romanized as Īncheh - ye Khodā Bandehlū ; also known as Aincha and Īncheh ) is a village in Khararud Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Colden Family Cemetery is a Registered Historic Place in the Town of Montgomery in Orange County , New York .
Kalateh - ye Barfi ( Persian : كلاته برفي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Barfī ) is a village in Tus Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sungkyunkwan University ( SKKU or simply Seongdae ) is a private research university with campuses in Seoul and Suwon .
Barguwan or Bargaon is a village in the Nadigaon block of the Jalaun district , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Crawfordton House is a category B listed 19th - century country house , situated close to Moniaive in Dumfriesshire , Scotland .
Eagle 's Nest Arena is an indoor arena located on the California State University , Los Angeles campus .
Washington Mews is a private gated street in New York City between Fifth Avenue and University Place just north of Washington Square Park .
Hatfield Marine Science Center ( HMSC ) is a marine science research and education center next to Yaquina Bay of the Pacific Ocean in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Bradninch is a small town and former manor in Devon , England , lying about three miles south of Cullompton .
Blue Mountain House Annex , also known as The Log Hotel , is a historic hotel located on the grounds of the Adirondack Museum at Blue Mountain Lake in Hamilton County , New York .
Norsborg metro station is the end station on the red line of the Stockholm metro , located in Norsborg , Botkyrka Municipality .
The Bronx Library Center , a branch of the New York Public Library , is located at 310 East Kingsbridge Road in the Bronx , New York City , situated just off Fordham Road , and several blocks away from Grand Concourse .
Bąków - Kolonia ( ˈbɔnkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Newnham Murren is a hamlet in the Thames Valley in South Oxfordshire , about 0.5 miles ( 800 m ) east of the market town of Wallingford .
Downtown Yonge is a retail and entertainment district centred on Yonge Street in Downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Tobey Homestead is a historic farmhouse at Main Street and Sandwich Road in Wareham , Massachusetts .
WHKC is an American non - profit religious FM radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to serve the community of Columbus , Ohio .
The Wallow Fire , named for the Bear Wallow Wilderness area where the fire originated , was a wildfire in eastern Arizona and a small part of western New Mexico , United States , in the White Mountains near Alpine .
Kompocie ( kɔmˈpɔt͡ɕe ) , ( Lithuanian : Kampuočiai ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Kalbajar District ( Azerbaijani : Kəlbəcər , Kurdish : Kelbecer‎ ) is a district of Azerbaijan .
St. Marks River State Park which opened in 2007 , is the 161st Florida State Park , located about 10 miles east of Tallahassee , south of U.S. Highway 27 .
Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico ( MCAF Quantico ) ( IATA : NYG , ICAO : KNYG , FAA LID : NYG ) is a United States Marine Corps airfield located within Marine Corps Base Quantico , Virginia .
Solares Hill is the highest point of land on the island of Key West in the lower Florida Keys in Monroe County , Florida .
Boneh - ye Abed ( Persian : بنه عابد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye `` Ābed ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 224 , in 47 families .
Moama ( /moʊˈɑːmə/ or /moʊˈæmə/ ) is a town in the Riverina district of southern New South Wales , Australia , in the Murray Shire local government area .
Hesar Goli ( Persian : حصارگلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Golī and Ḩeşār Qolī ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Cedar Creek Mine Ride is a mine train roller coaster at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky , Ohio .
The Glover Mausoleum , also known as the Glover Vault , is a Greek Revival mausoleum located within the Riverside Cemetery in Demopolis , Marengo County , Alabama .
Pratt & Whitney Stadium at Rentschler Field is a stadium in East Hartford , Connecticut .
Chiricahua National Monument is a unit of the National Park System located in the Chiricahua Mountains of southeastern Arizona .
The Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Mainburg ( English : Mainburg administrative partnership ) lies in Kelheim , a district in Lower Bavaria , Germany .
Gilgit District ( Urdu : ضلع گلگت‎ ) is one of the districts of the Gilgit-- Baltistan territory in northern Pakistan .
Hill of Fearn ( Scottish Gaelic : Baile an Droma ) is a small village near Tain in Easter Ross , in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Newburgh Colored Burial Ground is a historic cemetery and national historic district located at Newburgh in Orange County , New York .
Las Vegas High School is a public high school in unincorporated Sunrise Manor , Nevada , part of the Clark County School District .
Greene Valley Provincial Park is a provincial park east of the Town of Peace River Alberta in the Northern Sunrise County .
Reids Flat is a small historic village ( population 50 ) sited on the south bank of the Lachlan River , approximately 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southeast of Wyangala , in the northeastern corner of Boorowa Shire , in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales , hidden in the Great Dividing Range .
Pargeh ( Persian : پرگه‎ , also Romanized as Pargīa , Pargya , and Parkeh ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Red Gate Woods is part of a forest preserve within the Palos Division of the Forest Preserve District of Cook County , Illinois .
Jhalawar district ( Rajasthani : झालावाड जिल्हा ) is one of the 33 districts of Rajasthan state in western India .
Penshurst Place is a historic building near Tonbridge , Kent , 32 miles ( 51 km ) south east of London , England .
Broadhempston is a small village within the Teignbridge District Council Area in the County of Devon in the South West of England ( `` The West Country '' ) .
Centennial Regional High School ( CRHS ) is a co - educational comprehensive public high school located in the Greenfield Park borough of Longueuil , Quebec , Canada , a suburb of Montreal .
The Ak - Sar - Ben Bridge was a truss bridge that was the first road bridge to cross the Missouri River connecting Omaha , Nebraska and Council Bluffs , Iowa .
Abramy ( aˈbramɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Colwall is a large village and civil parish in Herefordshire , England , situated on the border with Worcestershire , nestling on the western side of the Malvern Hills at the heart of the AONB .
The Slayter Center of Performing Arts is located on the main campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana , USA .
Laforêt is a village in the municipality of Vresse - sur - Semois , in Belgium .
Tanurjeh ( Persian : تنورجه‎ , also Romanized as Tanūrjeh and Tanoorjeh ; also known as Tanūrah , Tanūrcheh , Tonvareh , and Tonvarjeh ) is a village in Barkuh Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Carpenters ' Hall is a two - story brick building in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , that was a key meeting place in the early history of the United States .
Booth State Scenic Corridor ( also known as Booth State Wayside or Booth State Park ) is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
The Neubrügg or Neubrücke ( English : New Bridge ) is a covered wooden bridge over the Aare river between the municipalities of Kirchlindach and Bern in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Shutavar ( Persian : شوتاور‎ , also Romanized as Shūtāvar , Shootavar , and Showtāvar ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The village has a football team , Blunsdon FC , which has youth development squads as well as a senior men 's side playing in the Wiltshire League .
Durham Memorial A.M.E. Zion Church , formerly known as St. Luke 's A.M.E. Zion Church until the late 1950s , is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Moody Coliseum is an 7,000-seat multi - purpose arena in University Park ( an inner suburb of Dallas ) , Texas , United States .
Qush - e Kohneh ( Persian : قوش كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Qūsh - e Kohneh ) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hart - Montague Trail State Park is a linear state park in Michigan consisting of a bicycle trail running from the city of Montague in Muskegon County to the city of Hart in Oceana County .
Aktuluk ( formerly Türüşmek ; Kurdish : Troşmek ) is a village in the central ( Tunceli ) district of Tunceli Province , Turkey .
Holtwood , Pennsylvania is a village in Martic Township , Lancaster County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
Morbi or Morvi is a city and a municipality in Morbi district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
WHQT , Hot 105 FM , is an Urban Adult Contemporary - formatted radio station owned by Cox Media Group that serves the South Florida region .
The State Art and Sculpture Museum ( Turkish : Resim ve Heykel Müzesi ) is a museum dedicated to fine arts and sculpture in Ankara , Turkey .
The Cedar Fort School is a historic two - room schoolhouse on Center Street in the center of Cedar Fort , Utah .
Komandorsky Nature Reserve ( Russian : Командо́рский госуда́рственный биосфе́рный запове́дник ) is a zapovednik ( nature reserve ) located on the Commander Islands , Kamchatka Krai , Russia .
The Winona Masonic Temple is a historic Masonic Temple in Winona , Minnesota , United States , completed in 1909 .
Kateh Mian ( Persian : كته ميان‎ , also Romanized as Kateh Mīān ; also known as Kat - e Mīān ) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District , in the Central District of Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Osterholz is a district ( Landkreis ) in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Tolombeh Khaneh - ye Sabzab ( Persian : تلمبه خانه سبزاب‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh - ye Sabzāb ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Prince of Wales Bridge was joined by the CPR 's Royal Alexandra Interprovincial Bridge in 1901 , the second railway bridge to cross the river between Ottawa and Hull .
Thekkemala is a small sub - village of Kozhencherry in Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , India .
Tell Shemshara is an archaeological site located along the Little Zab in Sulaymaniyah Governorate , northeastern Iraq .
Udny Mort House is a category B listed building in the old kirkyard at Udny Green , Aberdeenshire , north - east Scotland , built in 1832 .
Kœtzingue ( Alemannic German : Ketzige ; German : Kötzingen ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
The Huntley Project is an irrigation project in southern Montana that was established by the United States Bureau of Reclamation in 1907 .
Pandu Rajar Dhibi ( Bengali : পাণ্ডু রাজার ঢিপি ) is an archaeological site in Ausgram block in the Sadar North subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Browns Park National Wildlife Refuge is a 13,450-acre ( 5,440 ha ) U.S. National Wildlife Refuge located in northwestern Colorado .
The Historical Museum of the Palatinate ( German : Historisches Museum der Pfalz ) is a museum in the city of Speyer in the Palatinate region of the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Paraszyno ( paraˈʂɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sirvan County ( Persian : شهرستان سیروان‎ ) is a county in Ilam Province in Iran .
Norman Switzerland ( French : Suisse Normande ) is a part of Normandy , France , in the border region of the departments Calvados and Orne .
Azmighan ( Persian : ازميغان‎ , also Romanized as Az̄mīghān ; also known as Ezmīqān ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Covina Center for the Performing Arts is an historic theater located in Covina , California , dedicated to the advancement of theatre .
Ahooab ( Persian : آهوآب ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Knoxville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Knoxville , Knox County , Tennessee , United States .
Southland Park Gaming and Racing is a casino and greyhound racetrack in West Memphis , Arkansas .
Narragansett Park was an American race track for Thoroughbred horse racing in Pawtucket , Rhode Island .
Symbister House is a former country house in Symbister , Whalsay island , in the Shetland islands of Scotland .
The Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge ( also known as the South Capitol Street Bridge ) is a swing bridge that carries South Capitol Street over the Anacostia River in Washington , D.C. It was built in 1950 and named after abolitionist Frederick Douglass .
Saint Agnes Episcopal Church is an historic redbrick Gothic Revival Episcopal church building located at 27 Church Street in Franklin , Macon County , North Carolina .
Żupawa ( ʐuˈpava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Tongguanshan District ( simplified Chinese : 铜官山区 ; traditional Chinese : 銅官山區 ; pinyin : Tóngguānshān Qū ) is a district under the administration of Tongling City in , Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China .
Morshi ( Marathi:मोर्शी ) is a town in Amravati district of Maharashtra .
The Mollie Kathleen Gold Mine is a historic vertical shaft mine near Cripple Creek , Colorado .
The Pinacoteca Tosio Martinengo is a public art collection in Brescia , Lombardy , northern Italy , exhibiting mainly paintings by local artists from the 13th through 18th centuries .
Lagga Church ( Swedish : Lagga kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Knivsta Municipality in the province of Uppland , Sweden .
George C. Boldt Yacht House is an historic yacht house located on the northeast shore of Wellesley Island near Alexandria Bay in Jefferson County , New York .
Tapin Regency is one of regencies in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan , the capital is Rantau .
The Gallery Golf Club is located east of Marana , Arizona , northwest of Tucson at Dove Mountain .
The Ford Wixom Assembly Plant is a former Ford Motor Company automobile assembly plant in Wixom , Michigan , United States .
Largichi ( Persian : لارگيچي‎ , also Romanized as Lārgīchī ) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District , in the Central District of Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Maywood Woman 's Club , also known as the American Woman 's League Building , in Corning , California was built in 1909 .
The Cuyahoga Falls City School District is a public school district located in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio , United States .
Santo Stefano Quisquina ( Sicilian : Santu Stèfanu Quisquina ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) south of Palermo and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Agrigento .
Piotrków Borowski ( ˈpjɔtrkuf bɔˈrɔfski ) ( German : Petrigau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Joe Bell Site ( 9MG28 ) is an archaeological site located in Morgan County , Georgia underneath Lake Oconee , but prior to the 1970s , it was located south of the mouth of the Apalachee River on the western bank of the Oconee River .
Ramapo Reformed Church ( formerly the Dutch Reformed Church at Romopock ) is a historic church on Island Road at West Ramapo Avenue in Mahwah , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Corton Denham is a village and parish in Somerset , England , situated seven miles north east of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
Woninjae Station is a commuter train station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway and the Suin Line of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway systems .
The National Institute of Astrophysics , Optics and Electronics ( in Spanish : Instituto Nacional de Astrofísica , Óptica y Electrónica , INAOE ) is a Mexican science research institute located in Tonantzintla , Puebla .
Montefalcone Appennino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche , located about 85 kilometres ( 53 mi ) south of Ancona , about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Ascoli Piceno and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Fermo .
Ram Rai Pur ( ਰਾਮ ਰਾਏ ਪੁਰ ) is a village in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar .
Wola Dłużniewska ( ˈvɔla dwuʐˈɲefska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Edgware Way Grassland or Edgware Way Rough is a 6.7 hectare Site of Metropolitan Importance for Nature Conservation in Edgware in the London Borough of Barnet .
Chinguacousy Park is a large park in Brampton , Ontario 's Bramalea section .
Natchaug State Forest is a Connecticut state forest located in six towns including Ashford , Chaplin , and Eastford .
Mownowm ( Persian : مونوم‎ ; also known as Mownow ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Maryvale Mall was the second shopping mall in Phoenix , Arizona , before being redeveloped , it was located on 51st Avenue and Indian School Road .
Puerto Princesa , officially City of Puerto Princesa ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Puerto Princesa ) and often referred to as Puerto Princesa City , is a city located in the western provincial island of Palawan , Philippines .
Water Canyon Administrative Site , in Apache - Sitgreaves National Forest near Springerville , Arizona , was built in 1933 .
Cintoia is a locality in Greve in Chianti in Tuscany , Italy , between Florence and Siena .
Akot is a city of Vidharbah Region and a municipal council in Akola district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Nowy Karolew ( ˈnɔvɨ kaˈrɔlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Szczaworyż ( ʂt͡ʂaˈvɔrɨʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Ficquelmont Palace ( Russian : дворе́ц Фикельмона , Ficquelmont dvorets ) is a neoclassical palace in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Whaleback Shell Midden is a shell midden , or dump , consisting primarily of oyster shells located on the east side of the Damariscotta River in Maine , United States .
Kingston Fossil Plant , commonly known as Kingston Steam Plant , is a Tennessee Valley Authority 1.7-GW coal - burning power plant located in Roane County , just outside Kingston , Tennessee on the shore of Watts Bar Lake .
The Boonton Gorge is a river gorge in Boonton , New Jersey where the Rockaway River drops over several waterfalls , and travels for slightly over a mile before emptying into the Jersey City Reservoir .
Galena Pass is a low mountain pass in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , southeast of Revelstoke .
The Detroit Commerce Building was located at 138 - 150 Michigan Avenue ( the corner of Michigan Avenue and Shelby Street ) , in downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Olszamowice ( ɔlʂamɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Peabody Court Apartments are a historic apartment building at 41 - 43 Linnaean Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Rau is a suburb and a nagar panchayat in Indore district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Hoseynabad - e Ganji ( Persian : حسين ابادگنجي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Ganjī and Ḩoseynābād Ganjī ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lake Tahoe Airport ( IATA : TVL , ICAO : KTVL , FAA LID : TVL ) is a public airport three miles southwest of South Lake Tahoe , in El Dorado County , California .
Marur is a village of Anantapur district , in Raptadu mandal , Andhra Pradesh state , India .
Vonnegut , Wright & Yeager was an architectural firm active in mid - twentieth - century Indiana .
The Tulsa Coliseum was an indoor arena built in Tulsa , Oklahoma at the corner of Fifth Street and Elgin Avenue .
Gowjeh ( Persian : گوجه‎ ) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kaka Mobarak - e Bibi Hakimeh ( Persian : كاكامبارك بي بي حكيمه‎ , also Romanized as Kākā Mobārak - e Bībī Ḩakīmeh ; also known as Kākāmobārak ) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Malësi e Madhe District ( Albanian : Rrethi i Malësisë së Madhe ) , commonly known as Malësia , was one of the thirty - six districts of Albania and is today part of Shkodër County .
Houjia ( Chinese : 侯家镇 ) is a town in Wendeng , Weihai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
Kohneh Keh ( Persian : كهنه كه‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Kah ; also known as Konkeh ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Jarotki ( jaˈrɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Swan Hill is a city in the northwest of Victoria , Australia on the Murray Valley Highway and on the south bank of the Murray River , downstream from the junction of the Loddon River .
Silvolde ( West Low German : Sillevolde ) is a village in the Achterhoek and is part of the municipality Oude IJsselstreek .
Tolombeh - ye Shahid Rejayi ( Persian : تلمبه شهيد رجايي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Shahīd Rejāyī ; also known as Poshteh Shīrānīhā ( Persian : پشته شيرانيها ) ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The site of the former San Francis Ranch is in West Bishop in Inyo County and is marked by California Historical Landmark No . 208 .
Edmond Public Schools is a public school district located in the Oklahoma City suburb of Edmond , Oklahoma .
Joghdi ( Persian : جغدي‎‎ , also Romanized as Joghdī ; also known as Joghdt ) is a village in Shoqan Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dasturan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دستوران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Spångsholm is a locality situated in Mjölby Municipality , Östergötland County , Sweden with 408 inhabitants in 2010 .
Karkul - e Kasan ( Persian : كركول كسان‎ , also Romanized as Karkūl - e Kasān ; also known as Karkūl and Korkūl ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Alys Robinson Stephens Performing Arts Center ( ASC ) is a performing arts facility located on the campus of the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) .
Qartavol ( Persian : قرطاول‎ , also Romanized as Qarţāvol ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Louise Dean Centre is a public combined junior and senior high school in Calgary , Alberta , Canada , that teaches grades 9 through 12 .
Przegonia ( pʂɛˈɡɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kings County Savings Bank is a New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission - designated building in the Williamsburg , Brooklyn section of New York City .
Nowe Ramoty ( ˈnɔvɛ raˈmɔtɨ ) ( German : Neu Ramten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Labab ( Persian : لباب‎ , also Romanized as Labāb ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Thunder Bay Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CKE6 ) is located on Shipyard Road adjacent to Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada .
Schierstein is a southwestern borough of Wiesbaden , capital of state of Hesse , Germany .
Divičani ( Cyrillic : Дивичани ) is a village in the municipality of Jajce , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Charleston Lake is located in South Eastern Ontario , just north east of Gananoque .
Arruda dos Vinhos ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐˈʁuðɐ ðuʒ ˈviɲuʃ ) ) is a municipality in the Lisbon District in Portugal .
The Royal Blind School ( founded in 1793 ) is a specialist day and boarding school located in Edinburgh , Scotland run by the charity Royal Blind .
Masi Hazrati ( Persian : ماسي حضرتي‎ , also Romanized as Māsī Ḩaẕratī ; also known as Mās Ḩaẕratī ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Moss Hill Church , also known as the Moss Hill Methodist Church and now the Moss Hill United Methodist Church , is located near Vernon in Washington County , Florida , in the United States .
Pilbur ( Persian : پيلبور‎ , also Romanized as Pīlbūr ; also known as Pīleh Bar and Pīleh Par ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Big Bear Frontier is a hotel and cabin resort in Big Bear Lake , California .
Federal Correctional Institution , El Reno ( FCI El Reno ) is a medium - security United States federal prison for male inmates in Oklahoma .
Widehall , also known as Water Lot # 16 , is a historic home in Chestertown , Kent County , Maryland .
Coronado Heights is a hill northwest of Lindsborg , Kansas .
Roringen is a village in the borough of Göttingen , Germany .
The Building at 606 Main Street in Barnstable , Massachusetts is a modest commercial building constructed c. 1910 .
Hart Mountain is a fault - block mountain , in Lake County , Oregon , US .
The Charles River Speedway was a former bicycle and harness racing track located in Allston , Massachusetts .
Dashtansar ( Persian : دشتانسر‎ , also Romanized as Dashtānsar ; also known as Dashtūnsar ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Arlington Pumping Station , built in 1907 , is a historic water pumping station on Brattle Court ( off Brattle Street ) in Arlington , Massachusetts .
Devils Den Lake is a small lake located on Vancouver Island four kilometres west of Port Alberni , British Columbia .
Fountain Creek Bridge is a limestone arch bridge which crosses Fountain Creek near Waterloo in Monroe County , Illinois , USA .
Wausau East High School is a comprehensive public secondary school in Wausau , Wisconsin .
Pożarzysko ( pɔʐaˈʐɨskɔ ) ( German : Hohenposeritz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Lincoln Normal School , also known as the Lincoln School was a historic African American school in Marion , Alabama .
Avatar Hallelujah Mountain ( Chinese : 阿凡达-哈利路亚山 ; pinyin : Āfándá hālìlùyà shān ) is a mountain , a 1,080-metre ( 3,540 ft ) quartz - sandstone pillar , located in the Zhangjiajie National Forest Park , in the Wulingyuan Area , in northwestern Hunan Province , China .
Srednje Bitnje ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnjɛ ˈbiːtnjɛ ) ; German : Mitterfeichting ) is a village south of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cornellà de Llobregat ( Catalan pronunciation : ( kurnəˈʎa ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Baix Llobregat in Catalonia , Spain .
Arqih ( Persian : ارقيه‎ , also Romanized as Ārqīh and Arghāy ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Dongxing District ( simplified Chinese : 东兴区 ; traditional Chinese : 東興區 ; pinyin : Dōngxīng Qū ) is a district of Neijiang City , Sichuan Province , China .
The Black Rock Lock located in Buffalo , New York is 650 feet ( 200 m ) in length and 70 feet ( 21 m ) in wide .
Barik Mahalleh ( Persian : باريك محله‎ , also Romanized as Bārīk Maḩalleh ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Poxwell ( pronounced /ˈpoʊkswəl/ , and sometimes seen written Pokeswell ) , is a hamlet and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southwest England .
Dighton Rock State Park is an 85-acre ( 34 ha ) Massachusetts state park located in the town of Berkley , managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
Radysy ( raˈdɨsɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Castro Theatre is a popular San Francisco movie palace which became San Francisco Historic Landmark # 100 in September 1976 .
Varskhvaran ( Persian : ورسخوران‎ , also Romanized as Varskhvārān , Varakshvārān , Varaskhvāran , and Vereskeh Vārān ) is a village in Doboluk Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Gol Qasem ( Persian : گل قاسم‎ , also Romanized as Gol Qāsem ; also known as Gowl Qāsem ) is a village in Ujan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Derło ( ˈdɛrwɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Dworp is a small town in the municipality of Beersel , south of Brussels in Flanders .
1201 North Market Street is a 101 m ( 331 ft ) , 23-story skyscraper in Wilmington , Delaware .
Pakuh - e Sefid ( Persian : پاكوه سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Pākūh - e Sefīd ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Saint Regis Canoe Area in Adirondack Park is the largest wilderness canoe area in the Northeastern United States and the only designated canoe area in New York state .
Hampton Hill United Reformed Church , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , is a United Reformed Church congregation .
Babhulgaon is a census town and tehsil in Yavatmal subdivision of Yavatmal district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Soleuvre ( Luxembourgish : Zolwer , German : Zolwer ) is a town in the commune of Sanem , in south - western Luxembourg .
Museum Correale ( Italian : Museo Correale di Terranova ) is a museum in Sorrento in the south of Italy .
Mara Lake is a lake in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located immediately south of the community of Sicamous and to the north of the community of Enderby .
Sibley 's and James Store Historic District is a national historic district located at Mathews , Mathews County , Virginia .
Rainford is a village and civil parish within Metropolitan Borough of St Helens , in Merseyside , England .
Budy - Adelinów ( ˈbudɨ adɛˈlinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The South Brunswick Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district , serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from South Brunswick Township in Middlesex County , New Jersey , United States .
Spithami ( Swedish : Spithamn ) is a village in Noarootsi Parish , Lääne County , in northwestern Estonia .
The H.J. Andrews Experimental Forest , commonly referred to as Andrews Forest , is located near Blue River , Oregon , United States , and is managed cooperatively by the United States Forest Service 's Pacific Northwest Research Station , Oregon State University , and the Willamette National Forest .
WYOO ( 101.1 FM , `` Talk Radio 101 '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Springfield , Florida , broadcasting to the Panama City , Florida , area .
Stary Patok ( ˈstarɨ ˈpatɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Tirkeeran ( from Irish Tír Mhic Caoirthinn , meaning `` land of Cartin '' ) is a barony in County Londonderry , Northern Ireland .
Filkins and Broughton Poggs is a civil parish in West Oxfordshire , on the Oxfordshire county boundary with Gloucestershire .
Southgate School is a state comprehensive secondary school in the London Borough of Enfield .
Beaverton Corporate Center Heliport ( FAA LID : 24OR ) is a former private heliport that was located 5 miles southeast of Beaverton in Washington County , Oregon , USA .
Amboy High School , or AHS , is a public four - year high school located at 11 East Hawley Avenue in Amboy , Illinois , a small city of Lee County , Illinois , in the Midwestern United States .
Pniewo Wielkie ( ˈpɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Frenchpark , historically known as Dungar ( Irish : Dún Gar , meaning `` the fort of favour '' ) , is a village in County Roscommon , Ireland on the N5 national primary road .
Arunqash ( Persian : ارونقاش‎ , also Romanized as Arūnqāsh , Oroonghash , Owranqāsh , Ūranqāsh , and Urungāsh ) is a village in Dodangeh - ye Sofla Rural District , Ziaabad District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Plysky ( Ukrainian : Плиски ) is a village in Borzna Raion , Chernihiv Oblast , Ukraine .
Pachwad , Panchwad or Kasabe Panchwad is a village in Wai taluka , Satara district , Maharashtra , India .
Ledno ( ˈlɛdnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiechów , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Mnemba Island is a single small island located about 3 km off the northeast coast of Unguja , the largest island of the Zanzibar Archipelago , Tanzania , opposite Muyuni Beach .
Șpring ( Hungarian : Spring ; German : Gespreng ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
KAGO - FM ( 99.5 FM , `` 99.5 The Rock '' ) is a commercial mainstream rock radio station licensed to Klamath Falls , Oregon , USA .
The Metal Highway Bridges of Fulton County Thematic Resources is the title for a Multiple Property Submission to the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S. state of Illinois .
One Cleveland Center is the fifth tallest skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , following Erieview Tower .
Saltergate , officially the Recreation Ground , was the historic home of Chesterfield Football Club , and was in use from 1871 until the club 's relocation in July 2010 , a 139-year history that made it one of the oldest football grounds in England at the time of its closure .
Kahriz - e Salim ( Persian : كهريزسليم‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Salīm and Kahrīz Salīm ; also known as Kārīz ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Cooperstown Historic District is a national historic district in Cooperstown , Otsego County , New York , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
Wólka Żabna ( ˈvulka ˈʐabna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Holayjan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هلايجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lassen Community College is a community college in Susanville , California , United States , and is a part of the California Community Colleges System .
Seattle University College of Arts and Sciences in Seattle , Washington is the oldest undergraduate and graduate college affiliated with Seattle University .
Dowyran ( Persian : دويران‎ , also Romanized as Dowyrān ; also known as Doyrān ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sufi Sheykh Gharavi ( Persian : صوفي شيخ غراوي‎ , also Romanized as Şūfī Sheykh Gharāvī ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Box Gully archaeological site is an Aboriginal archaeological site on the shore of saline Lake Tyrrell , in the Mallee region of northern Victoria , Australia .
Aaitabare is a Bayarban village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal .
WMUP ( 99.9 FM ) was a radio station formerly licensed to Carney , Michigan .
Cegielnik ( t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlnik ) ( German : Ziegelwiese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Jackson Ward is a historically African - American neighborhood in Richmond , Virginia , USA .
Miami Homestead General Aviation Airport ( FAA LID : X51 ) is a county - owned public - use airport in unincorporated Miami - Dade County , Florida , United States , located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of the central business district of Homestead .
Brimington is a civil parish within the borough of Chesterfield in north - east Derbyshire , England .
Tai Mo Shan ( Chinese : 大帽山 ) is the highest peak in Hong Kong , with an elevation of 957 m. It is also the tallest coastal peak in Southern China and second tallest coastal peak in China after Mount Lao , and located at approximately the geographical centre of the New Territories .
Bolino ( bɔˈlinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Antelope Creek Bridge is a wooden , covered bridge originally built in 1922 by Jackson County , Oregon bridge - building brothers Wesley and Lyal Hartman over Antelope Creek , north of Medford , Oregon .
Eshtivan ( Persian : اشتيوان‎ , also Romanized as Eshtīvān ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Second Union School is a historic Rosenwald school building for African - American children located at 2787 Hadensville Fife Rd . in Goochland , Goochland County , Virginia .
The Spencer Town Center Historic District encompasses the historic downtown of Spencer , Massachusetts .
Haliyal is a Panchayat town in Uttara Kannada in the Indian state of Karnataka .
The Kellogg Interchange complex is a freeway interchange in Southern California .
The Tarragal Caves are a network of large limestone caves and rockshelters which overlook the Bridgewater Lakes near the towns of Tarragal and Cape Bridgewater , Victoria in the Charles La Trobe and are near Discovery Bay Coastal Park .
Dueling Creek is a tributary of the Anacostia River in southern Maryland in the United States , located in the town of Colmar Manor .
Lanzada is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) northeast of Milan and 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) north of Sondrio , on the border with Switzerland .
Vélo'v is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Lyon , France , in conjunction with the advertising company JCDecaux .
The Summit Speech School is a year - round educational institution based in New Providence which assists children in northern and central New Jersey who have difficulty hearing .
The Valencian Community , or the Valencian Country , is an autonomous community of Spain .
Central City Shopping Centre ( formerly known as Surrey Place Mall ) is a shopping mall and office tower complex in Whalley , Surrey , British Columbia , Canada , which is owned by Blackwood Partners Management Corporation .
Historic Forks of the Wabash is a historic museum park near Huntington , Indiana , that features site several historic buildings , trails and remnants of the Wabash and Erie Canal .
Tolkmity ( tɔlkˈmitɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The John Radcliffe Hospital is a large tertiary teaching hospital in Oxford , England .
Connors State College is a public college located in Warner and Muskogee , Oklahoma .
The Commonwealth Air Training Plan Museum is an aviation museum located at Brandon Municipal Airport , Brandon , Manitoba .
Sutton Bonington ( /ˈsʌtən ˈbɒnɪŋtən/ ) is a village and civil parish lying along the valley of the River Soar in the Borough of Rushcliffe , south west Nottinghamshire , England .
The Meridian Highway Bridge connects Yankton , South Dakota , with rural Cedar County , Nebraska .
Orlandovtsi ( Bulgarian : Орландовци , also transliterated as Orlandovci or Orlandovtzi ) is a neighbourhood of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria .
The Short Bridge spans the South Santiam River 12 miles east of Sweet Home , Oregon near the community of Cascadia .
Pękawka ( pɛŋˈkafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Watrous Formation occurs in southern Saskatchewan to the border with Manitoba and stretches south into North Dakota .
Waingroves is a small village in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire , England , approximately two miles away from the town of Ripley .
The Gutleutviertel is a city district of Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
Furtei is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) east of Sanluri .
Khunan ( Persian : خونان‎ , also Romanized as Khūnān and Khownān ; also known as Khūshān ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Huta Krzeszowska ( ˈxuta kʂɛˈʂɔfska ) ( Ukrainian : Гута Крешівська , Huta Kreshivs’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mirmangan - e Sofla ( Persian : ميرمنگان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīrmangān - e Soflá ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Zehiriyeh - ye Bala ( Persian : ظهيريه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Zehīrīyeh - ye Shānī ) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District , Neysan District , Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Turnbull - Ritter House ( also known as the Sunrise Plantation ) is a historic home located northwest of Lamont , Florida , off U.S. 19 .
Salehat ( Persian : صالحات‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḩāt ) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Sar Mahalleh ( Persian : سرمحله‎ , also Romanized as Sar Maḩalleh ) is a village in Anzan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Crossroads Theatre is a theatre in New Brunswick , New Jersey located in in the city 's Civic Square government and theatre district .
Boazum ( Dutch : Bozum ) is a Frisian village in the rural municipality of Littenseradiel , Netherlands with an approximate population of 400 .
The Old Palm Beach Junior College Building ( also known as the Science / Manual Training Building at Old Palm Beach High School ) is a historic site in West Palm Beach , Florida .
Zawojki ( zaˈvɔi̯ki ) ( German : Zawoyken , 1934 - 45 : Lilienfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rasipuram is a municipal corporation in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Burrinjuck Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve on the south west slopes of New South Wales , Australia .
As - e Jadid ( Persian : اس جديد‎ , also Romanized as Ās - e Jadīd ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The District Five Schoolhouse , also known as the Fenner Hill School , is a historic former school building at 449 School Street in Webster , Massachusetts .
The Village Arcade Shopping Center is a shopping center in Rice Village , Houston , Texas owned by Rice University .
National Dance Institute ( NDI ) was founded in 1976 by New York City Ballet principal dancer Jacques d'Amboise to put on dance classes for children .
The Henson Robinson Zoo is a private nonprofit zoo serving the population of the greater Springfield , Illinois , United States , metropolitan area .
Gach ( Persian : گاچ‎ , also Romanized as Gāch ; also known as Kāj and Kaj ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hajji Kand ( Persian : حاجي كند‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kand ; also known as Ḩājjī Kandī ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gumki ( ˈɡumki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Sachsenring ( German pronunciation : ( ˈzaksənʁɪŋ ) ) racing circuit is located in Hohenstein - Ernstthal near Chemnitz in Saxony , Germany .
The Toronto waterfront is the lakeshore of Lake Ontario in the City of Toronto , Ontario in Canada .
Yelli Badraq ( Persian : يلي بدراق‎ , also Romanized as Yellī Badraq ) is a village in Tamran Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Memari I ( community development block ) ( Bengali : মেমারী I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Massapequa High School is a four - year public high school located in Massapequa , New York for students grades 9 through 12 .
The Marine Corps Legacy Museum was located on the northwest corner of the Town Square in Harrison , Arkansas , United States .
Gordon Graydon Memorial Secondary School , `` Gordon Graydon '' , `` GGMSS '' , or simply `` Graydon '' for short , is a Canadian high school serving Grades 9 to 12 , located at 1490 Ogden Avenue in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Ciele ( ˈt͡ɕɛlɛ ) ( German : Schellen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białe Błota , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Tatarszczyzna ( tatarʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Mir Molk ( Persian : ميرملك‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Molk ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Edakkal is a remote location in Wayanad district of Kerala , India , the site of the Edakkal Caves .
Bar Aftab - e Rezai ( Persian : برافتاب رضايي‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Reẕā’ī ; also known as Bar Āftāb - e Bozorg ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Woeber Carriage Works is a historic building located on Lot 3 , Block 20 of the original town of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Bahrami - ye Sofla ( Persian : بهرامي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bahrāmī - ye Soflá ; also known as Bahrāmī and Bahrāmī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Batagund krandigam is a village in the district of Anantnag in Jammu & Kashmir .
Nowa Wieś Kosowska ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ kɔˈsɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Edenville Dam is a dam in Gladwin County , Michigan , about one mile north of Edenville .
The Jawne ( Hebrew : יבנה ) was a Jewish Reformrealgymnasium in Cologne .
The Gympie Arterial Road is a freeway in the northern suburbs of Brisbane in Queensland , Australia .
Gressingham is a small village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in the English county of Lancashire .
The Elmer E. Rasmuson Library ( often referred to in shorthand as either the Rasmuson Library or EERL ) is the largest library in the U.S. state of Alaska , housing just under one million volumes .
Gazanehkesh ( Persian : گزنه كش‎ ) is a village in Baranduz Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
CJHD - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format , branded as The Rock at 93.3 FM in North Battleford , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Šeganje ( Serbian : Шегање ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Marconi - RCA Wireless Receiving Station is a historic district at the junction of Old Comers Rd . and Orleans Rd . in Chatham , Massachusetts .
The northern tip of the lake is in Yukon , as is Little Atlin Lake .
U.S. Route 360 ( US 360 ) is a spur of US 60 in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Odryty ( ɔˈdrɨtɨ ) ( German : Odritten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bapatla East ( rural ) is a village in Bapatla mandal , located in Guntur District of Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Greater Penobscot Building , commonly known as the Penobscot Building , is a Class - A office tower in Downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Iranaq ( Persian : ايرانق‎ , also Romanized as Īrānaq ; also known as Irāna , Iranagh , Īrānak , and Iraniq ) is a village in Shebli Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Talisker Conservation Park is located on the south - western area of the Fleurieu Peninsula , South Australia .
Yeznabad ( Persian : يزن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Yeznābād ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
One Museum Park is a skyscraper in Chicago , USA .
Johnson City STOLport ( FAA LID : 0A4 ) is a privately owned , public use STOLport in Washington County , Tennessee , United States .
Cavanal Hill ( officially Cavanal Mountain ) , located near Poteau , Oklahoma , is billed by a local chamber of commerce as the tallest hill in the world at 1,999 feet ( 609 m ) .
Kamar Daraq ( Persian : كمردرق‎ ; also known as Kamar ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sij - e Jadid ( Persian : سيج جديد‎ , also Romanized as Sīj - e Jadīd ; also known as Sīch ) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pahmadan ( Persian : پهمدان‎ , also Romanized as Pahmadān ; also known as Mīān Maḩalleh - ye Pahmadān ) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kleinmariazell is a district of Altenmarkt an der Triesting in the Wienerwald , Lower Austria , Austria .
WBBN ( 95.9 FM , `` B-95 '' ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Taylorsville , Mississippi , and serving the Laurel - Hattiesburg area .
The Choctaw Corner is a former Native American boundary location near the modern border between Clarke and Marengo counties in Alabama , United States .
Łaszczyzna ( waʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The broad , flat summit is divided between the council area of Aberdeenshire , Angus and Perth and Kinross , though the highest point lies wholly within Angus ; indeed Glas Maol is the highest point in that council area .
Chautauqua Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie , approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) long , in the southwestern corner of New York in the United States .
Taylor 's Bay a settlement located east of Lamaline in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Little Grand Rapids First Nation is an Anishinaabe ( Saulteaux / Ojibwa ) First Nation located approximately 257 kilometres ( 160 mi ) northeast of Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The Snohomish County Centennial Trail is a 30-mile - long ( 48 km ) rail trail in Snohomish County , Washington , connecting the cities of Snohomish , Lake Stevens , and Arlington to Skagit County along the corridor of Washington State Route 9 .
Cheshmeh - ye Shir Ali ( Persian : چشمه شيرعلي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Shīr ʿAlī ) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Pathfinder Dam is a cyclopean masonry dam , located on the North Platte River , approximately 47 miles ( 76 km ) southwest of Casper , Wyoming .
Old Washington County Library is a historic library building located at 21 Summit Avenue in Hagerstown , Washington County , Maryland , United States .
Ney Siah ( Persian : ني سياه‎ , also Romanized as Ney Sīāh , Ney Seyāh , and Ney Siyah ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lansing Country Club ( Lansing Sportsman Club ) is a country club located in Lansing , Illinois .
Bast - e Durah ( Persian : بست دوراه‎ , also Romanized as Bast - e Dūrāh ) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Golden Zephyr is an attraction at Paradise Pier in Disney California Adventure Park .
Wólka Grądzka ( ˈvulka ˈɡrɔnt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów , within Dąbrowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Haixi Mongol and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture , locally also known as Qaidam Prefecture ( mong . Qaidam ; tib . Caindam ; chin . Chaidamu ) , is an autonomous prefecture occupying much of the northern tier of as well as part of the southwest Qinghai province , People 's Republic of China .
Enterprise Rancheria is the landbase for the Estom Yumeka Maidu Tribe , located in Butte County , near Oroville , California .
Lake Anneen , sometimes referred to as Anneen Lake or incorrectly as Nannine Lake , is a DIWA - listed salt lake system located in the Mid West region of Western Australia .
Jariyeh - ye Seyyed Musa ( Persian : جريه سيدموسي‎ , also Romanized as Jarīyeh - ye Seyyed Mūsá ) is a village in Ben Moala Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pizzo di Campel ( 2,376 m ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , located south - east of Soazza in the canton of Graubünden .
The Slauerhoffbrug ( English : Slauerhoff Bridge ) is a fully automatic bascule bridge ( aka tail bridge ) in the city of Leeuwarden in the Netherlands .
Saint Anselm College is a nationally ranked , Catholic , Benedictine , liberal arts college in Goffstown , New Hampshire , United States .
Simorgh Talayi ( Persian : سيمرغ طلايي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīmorgh Talāyī ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Middletown Upper Houses Historic District , also known as the Upper Houses River Port , is a 70-acre ( 28 ha ) historic district in Cromwell , Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 .
Mohammadabad - e Chamburak ( Persian : محمدابادچمبورك‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Chambūrak ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District , Kahrizak District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Academy of Science and Entrepreneurship ( previously named `` Bloomington New Tech High School '' ) is a high school in Bloomington , Indiana , United States which utilizes Project Based Learning .
Jefferson North Assembly Plant ( JNAP ) is a Chrysler automobile assembly factory in Detroit , Michigan .
Alexis Creek is a creek in the Chilcotin District of British Columbia , Canada , flowing southeast from its source in Alexis Lake into the Chilcotin River a short distance upstream from the town of Alexis Creek .
Wąsewo - Kolonia ( vɔ̃ˈsɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The West Swanzey Covered Bridge ( also known as the Thompson Bridge ) is a historic wooden covered bridge carrying Main Street over the Ashuelot River in West Swanzey , New Hampshire .
Lefcourt Colonial Building , is an office building located in midtown Manhattan , in New York City , built by Abraham E. Lefcourt .
Phoenix Comicon is a multigenre entertainment and comic book convention held annually in Phoenix , Arizona .
Ahlden House ( German : Schloss Ahlden ) is a stately home at Ahlden on the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Hofstra University Soccer Stadium , is a 1,600 seat soccer - specific stadium on the campus of Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York .
Starężynek ( starɛ̃ˈʐɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damasławek , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bikheh Deraz ( Persian : بيخه دراز‎ , also Romanized as Bīkheh Derāz ; also known as Bīkhderāz ) is a village in Fasarud Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Dahm House is a historic townhouse in Mobile , Alabama .
Mahreh Dun ( Persian : مهره دون‎ , also Romanized as Mahreh Dūn ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness is a 50,232-acre ( 203.28 km2 ) wilderness area located in the Dixie National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah .
Marakan ( Persian : مراكان‎ , also Romanized as Marākān and Marakān ) is a village in Ivughli Rural District , Ivughli District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khanpurmal or Khanpur ( mal ) ( Hindi : खानपुरमाल , खानपुर ( माल ) ) is a village located in the Bhagalpur district of Bihar state in India .
McCroskey State Park ( full name : Mary Minerva McCroskey State Park ) is a state park in the northwest United States , located in northern Idaho in the Palouse region .
Pheasant Creek is a creek that runs along the bottom of one of the many coulees that branch off the Qu'appelle Valley and empties into the Qu'Appelle River in southern Saskatchewan .
The Museum of Design Atlanta ( MODA ) is a design museum located at 1315 Peachtree Street in Atlanta , Georgia , USA .
Geesthacht ( German pronunciation : ( ɡeːstˈhaxt ) ) is the largest city in the District of the Duchy of Lauenburg ( Herzogtum Lauenburg ) in Schleswig - Holstein in Northern Germany , 34 km southeast of Hamburg on the right bank of the river Elbe .
Far Brook School is a private , independent , nonsectarian , coeducational day school located in the Short Hills section of Millburn , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in nursery through eighth grade .
Pine Island Public Schools is a public school district in Pine Island , Minnesota , located in the heart of the town .
Saltvik Prison ( Swedish : Saltviksanstalten or Anstalten Saltvik ) is a prison located in Härnösand Municipality , Sweden .
The Vero Railroad Station ( also known as the Vero Beach Railroad Station ) is a historic Florida East Coast Railway train station in Vero Beach , Florida .
Pobikry ( pɔˈbikrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Clifton - upon - Dunsmore is a village and civil parish in the Rugby borough of Warwickshire in England .
Chaqu - ye Bala ( Persian : چاقوبالا‎ , also Romanized as Chāqū - ye Bālā and Chāqū Bālā ; also known as Chāqū and Chāqū - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Nirbhaya Dihra is a small village located in the Bhojpur - Ara district of Bihar in North India .
Trepcza ( ˈtrɛpt͡ʂa ) ( Ukrainian : Терепча , Terepcha ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Devangudi is a village near Thiruvaiyaru in Thanjavur district , in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Grand Châtelet was a stronghold in Ancien Régime Paris , on the right bank of the Seine , on the site of what is now the Place du Châtelet ; it contained a court and police headquarters and a number of prisons .
The Old Acropolis Museum ( Greek : ( Παλαιό ) Μουσείο Ακρόπολης ( Palaio ) Mouseio Akropolis ) was an archaeological museum located in Athens , Greece on the archeological site of Acropolis .
Bherasalepur is small village in the Cuttack district in eastern India .
Grand Traverse Light is a lighthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan , located at the tip of the Leelanau Peninsula , which separates Lake Michigan and Grand Traverse Bay .
La Savina or La Sabina is a port village in Formentera , on the Balearic Islands , off eastern Spain .
St Dunstan of Canterbury Orthodox Church is an Antiochian Orthodox church in Parkstone , Poole , Dorset .
Fenelon Falls / Sturgeon Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CFG8 ) is an aerodrome located on Sturgeon Lake , Ontario , Canada .
The Daily News Building , also known as The News Building , is a 476-foot ( 145 m ) skyscraper located at 220 East 42nd Street between Second and Third Avenues in the Turtle Bay neighborhood of Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
Riosa is a municipality and parish ( administrative division ) in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
Penrose Point State Park is a 165-acre ( 67 ha ) Washington state park located on Mayo Cove and Carr Inlet at the southern end of Puget Sound in Pierce County .
Ravesht - e Kuchek ( Persian : روشت كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Ravesht - e Kūchek ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kirk Yetholm is a village in the Scottish Borders region of Scotland , 8 miles ( 13 km ) south east of Kelso and less than 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) west of the border .
The Leila Arboretum 72 acres ( 291,000 m² ) is an arboretum and garden located at 928 West Michigan Avenue , Battle Creek , Michigan .
Alanjareq ( Persian : النجارق‎ , also Romanized as Alanjāreq ; also known as Alenjālīq , Alīkhāraq , Alīnjāraq , Alīnjāreq , and Irinjālik ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Paland ( Persian : پالند‎ , also Romanized as Pāland and Palend ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Baulking or Balking is a village and civil parish about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) southeast of Faringdon in the Vale of White Horse district of Oxfordshire .
Navazan Khorram ( Persian : نوازان خرم‎ , also Romanized as Navāzān Khorram ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
St. John 's Norway Cemetery and Crematorium is an historic cemetery in Toronto , Ontario .
Sepid Daneh ( Persian : سپيدانه‎ , also Romanized as Sepīd Dāneh ; also known as Sefīd Dāneh ) is a village in Mizdej - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Farsan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Braddock Bay , also known as Braddocks Bay , is a small bay of Lake Ontario located in Monroe County northwest of Rochester , New York in the United States .
Kocewko ( kɔˈt͡sɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Virupatchi is a small village in Tamil Nadu , India which is 2 km away from the Kurinjipadi Perumal Temple .
Bon - e Dab ( Persian : بون داب‎ , also Romanized as Bon - e Dāb ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Northtown Center at Amherst , formerly the Amherst Ice Center and the Amherst Pepsi Center , is an 1,800-seat multipurpose arena in Amherst , New York located adjacent to the University at Buffalo .
Horningtops is a hamlet south - southeast of Liskeard in east Cornwall , England in National Grid grid square SX2760 .
Mariner 's Temple is a Baptist church at 3 Henry Street , in the Two Bridges section of Manhattan , New York City .
The Lawrenceville Branch of the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh , located at 279 Fisk Street in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , opened May 10 , 1898 .
Kukh - e Hajji Karim ( Persian : كوخ حاجي كريم‎ , also Romanized as Kūkh - e Ḩājjī Karīm ; also kinown as Kūkh - e Ḩājj Karīm ) is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Asenabad ( Persian : آسن آباد‎ , also Romanized as Āsenābād ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Paudalho is a city in northeastern Brazil , in the State of Pernambuco , with 47.551 inhabitants IBge 2009 .
Nowshivand ( Persian : نوشيوند‎ , also Romanized as Nowshīvand ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Łady Polne ( ˈwadɨ ˈpɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Qashkamari ( Persian : قاشكمري‎ , also Romanized as Qāshkamarī ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Medicine Bow Peak is the highest peak in the Snowy Range , a part of the Medicine Bow Mountains , about 35 miles west of Laramie , Wyoming .
WLKD ( 1570 AM ) is a radio station in Minocqua , Wisconsin The station is owned by NRG Media through Raven License Sub , LLC .
Ashburnham and Penhurst are civil parishes in the Rother district of the local government county of East Sussex , England , within historic Sussex , situated to the west of Battle .
Roșia Montană ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈroʃi.a monˈtanə ) , `` Roșia of the Mountains '' ; Latin : Alburnus Maior ; Hungarian : Verespatak , ( ˈvɛrɛʃpɒtɒk ) ; German : Goldbach , Rotseifen ) is a commune of Alba County in the Apuseni Mountains of western Transylvania , Romania .
The Recreational Forest Reserve of Fontinhas ( Portuguese : Reserva Florestal de Recreio de Fontinhas ) is a recreational forest located centrally on the island of Santa Maria , in the civil parish of Santo Espírito , municipality of Vila do Porto in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The Wildwood Crest School District is a public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Wildwood Crest , in Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
The Robert Bruce Barbour House , also known as Casa Feliz ( Happy House ; ) is a restored Spanish farmhouse designed by architect James Gamble Rogers II , overlooking the golf course in the heart of Winter Park , Florida .
Lalakah Mahalleh ( Persian : للكه محله‎ , also Romanized as Lalakah Maḩalleh ; also known as Lalakah Maḩalleh - ye Chūbar ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stuczanka ( stuˈt͡ʂaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Caringbah is a suburb , in southern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Alsace ( ( al.zas ) ; Alsatian : 's Elsass ( ˈɛlsɑs ) ; German : Elsass , pre-1996 also : Elsaß ( ˈɛlzas ) ; Latin : Alsatia ) is a cultural and historical region in eastern France , now located in the administrative region of Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine .
Iru Power Plant is a co - generation power plant in Iru village , Maardu , Estonia .
The Wells Fargo Pavilion is a theatre venue , located in Sacramento , California , and owned by California Musical Theatre and the Sacramento Theatre Company .
Caolas ( Scottish Gaelic : An Caolas ) , is a small settlement on the island of Vatersay , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Gagal ( Persian : گاگل‎ , also Romanized as Gāgal and Gāgel ; also known as Gāgil , Kāgel , and Kākel ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Miglianico is a town and comune of the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Brateiu ( German : Pretai ; Hungarian : Baráthely ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect : Pretoa ) is a commune located in Sibiu County , Romania .
The Campus Martius Museum interprets Ohio history .
Bull Cove Falls is a waterfall located in the southwestern Appalachian Mountains in North Carolina .
Rahane is a place in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Kurukshetra district ( Hindi : कुरुक्षेत्र जिला ; Punjabi : ਕੁਰੂਕਸ਼ੇਤਰ ਜਿਲਾ ) is one of the 21 districts of Haryana state in northern India .
Aghel Nazri ( Persian : اغل نذري‎ , also Romanized as Aghel Naẕrī ) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Tooele County Courthouse and City Hall , located at 39 E. Vine St. in Tooele , Utah , was built in 1867 .
Lohnweiler is thus a small residential community with good employment opportunities in the area 's towns ( Lauterecken , Wolfstein ) .
The Steptoe Valley is a long basin located in White Pine County , in northeastern Nevada in the western United States .
The High School of Dundee is an independent , co - educational , day school in Dundee , Scotland which provides both primary and secondary education to just over one thousand pupils .
Andrushivka Astronomical Observatory ( Ukrainian : Андрушівська астрономічна обсерваторія ) is a private astronomical observatory in the town suburbs of Andrushivka , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
CHWK - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 89.5 FM in Chilliwack , British Columbia , branded as 89.5 The Drive .
Charlton Musgrove is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north east of Wincanton in the South Somerset district .
Kabgan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كبگان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Załuzie ( zaˈwuʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Różan , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Newburyport Public Library , in Newburyport , Massachusetts , was founded in September , 1854 , by Josiah Little .
The Chipman Potato House is located near Laurel , Delaware , one of the last surviving examples of its building type .
Land Rover Arena is an indoor sporting arena located at Piazza Azzarita Manfredi 8 , in Bologna , Italy .
Grampound Road is a village in the parish of Ladock , Cornwall , England , 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) north west of Grampound The railway station of that name was situated here ; it was opened on 4 May 1859 and closed in 1964 .
Słonice ( swɔˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Hojjatabad - e Sardi ( Persian : حجت ابادسردي‎ , also Romanized as Hojjatābād - e Sardī ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Hamilton Urban Area is a New Zealand urban area in the Waikato Region .
Sint - Jozef is a quarter in Bruges , which is the capital of the Flemish province of West Flanders , in Belgium .
Kelmiküla ( Estonian for `` Rascal 's Village '' or `` Rogue 's Village '' ) is a subdistrict ( asum ) in the district of Põhja - Tallinn ( North Tallinn ) , Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
The WRAL Soccer Center is a soccer complex featuring a 3,200-seat , lighted soccer - specific stadium located on Perry Creek Road in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Honaker High School is a public high school located in Honaker , Virginia in Russell County , Virginia .
Babb Airport ( FAA LID : 49S ) is a public use airport in Glacier County , Montana , United States .
Kwun Tong Ferry Pier ( Chinese : 觀塘碼頭 ) is a ferry pier situated on Hoi Yuen Road , Kwun Tong , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
The Hiawatha Sportsman 's Club 1931 Maintenance Building and Commissary are two recreational buildings located on Lake Boulevard , on the grounds of the Hiawatha Sportsman 's Club , near Millecoquins , Michigan .
The Somerville Court House is an Historic Building ( on the National Register of Historic Places ) in Somerville , Somerset County , New Jersey , United States , the county seat of Somerset County .
The Ocean County Vocational Technical School is a public school district based in Toms River that provides technical and vocational education to residents of Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
Koczury ( kɔˈt͡ʂurɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jowzdar ( Persian : جوزدار‎ , also Romanized as Jowzdār ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Baptist College of Health Sciences is a private , coeducational , specialized college in Memphis , Tennessee operated by Baptist Memorial Health Care .
Brown 's Mountain is a mountain in Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina , United States .
Ideal Mini School is a public secondary mini school in Vancouver , British Columbia .
San Pasqual Battlefield State Historic Park honors the soldiers who fought in the 1846 Battle of San Pasqual , the bloodiest battle in California during the Mexican - American War .
Alhué ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alˈwe ) ) is a Chilean town and commune located in Melipilla Province , Santiago Metropolitan Region .
Folsom Field is an outdoor football stadium located on the campus of the University of Colorado in Boulder , Colorado .
Trino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Vercelli , at the foot of the Montferrat hills .
Loveland Pass is a high mountain pass in the western United States , at an elevation of 11,990 feet ( 3,655 m ) above sea level in the Rocky Mountains of north - central Colorado .
The Teatro Caio Melisso is an opera house located in Spoleto , Italy and it serves as the main venue for opera performances during the annual summer Festival dei Due Mondi .
The Russellville Masonic Temple , also known as Russellville City Hall and listed as Site # PP0199 , is a building in Russellville , Arkansas that was built in 1926 .
The Central High School Neighborhood Historic District comprises the area in Little Rock , Arkansas surrounding Little Rock Central High School .
WBET - FM ( 99.3 FM , `` Oldies 99.3 '' ) ( formerly WMSH - FM and WSTR - FM ) is a radio station located in Sturgis , Michigan .
Anara is a town located about 25 kilometres east of Owerri , in Imo State , Nigeria .
Warndon is a suburb and civil parish of the City of Worcester in Worcestershire , England .
Wysoki Grąd ( vɨˈsɔki ˈɡrɔnt ) ( German : Wysokigrund , 1932 - 45 : Lindengrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Camp Westwind is a summer camp on the Oregon Coast in the United States , that takes place at the historic ' Westwind ' property just north of Lincoln City and south of Cascade Head .
Worcestershire ( i/ˈwʊstəʃə/ WUUS - tə - shə or /ˈwʊstəʃɪər/ WUUS - tər - sheer ; written abbreviation : Worcs ) is a county in the West Midlands of England .
Fortress Hill ( Chinese : 炮台山 ; Jyutping : paau3 toi4 saan1 ; Pau Toi Shan ) is a hill and an area on the north shore of Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Industrial Valley is a neighborhood and manufacturing district located along the Cuyahoga River , south of downtown in Cleveland , Ohio .
Middleton - on - Sea is a village , civil parish and an electoral ward in the Arun District of West Sussex , England , lying to the east of Bognor Regis and neighbouring Felpham .
Paull Holme Tower is an unusual late - medieval fortified tower in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
The Republic of Buryatia ( Russian : Респу́блика Буря́тия , tr . Respublika Buryatiya ; IPA : ( rʲɪsˈpublʲɪkə bʊˈrʲætʲɪjə ) ; Buryat : Буряад Улас , Buryaad Ulas , ( burˈjaːt ulas ) ) is a federal subject of Russia ( a republic ) .
Sop Pat ( Thai : สบป้าด ) is a village and tambon ( sub - district ) of Mae Mo District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 5,905 .
Podszyn ( ˈpɔtʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Radkowice - Kolonia ( ratkɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
CINU - FM is a Canadian religious broadcasting radio station , broadcasting from Truro , Nova Scotia on 106.3 FM and is branded Hope 106.3 FM .
Borrisokane ( Irish : Buiríos Uí Chéin , meaning `` the Burgage of the Cianacht '' ) is a town in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Mount Spurr is a stratovolcano in the Aleutian Arc of Alaska , named after United States Geological Survey geologist and explorer Josiah Edward Spurr , who led an expedition to the area in 1898 .
Bientina ( Italian : Bièntina ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany .
Trefin is a village in the Welsh - speaking area of North Pembrokeshire , south - west Wales .
Stede Broec ( pronunciation ) ( West Frisian : Stee Broek ) is a municipality in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland and the region of West - Frisia .
The Bethel Inn Resort is a four - season resort located on the village common of Bethel , Maine with an 18-hole golf course and small convention center .
The Arlington County Fire Department ( ACFD ) provides essential fire , emergency medical , and allied public safety services for Arlington County and the City of Falls Church in Virginia , USA .
GateWay Community College is an urban campus established in 1968 located in Phoenix , Arizona , near Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport .
Bawlf ( Blackwells ) Airport ( TC LID : CFR2 ) is located in Camrose County , in central Alberta , Canada , near Bawlf .
Karchambu - e Jonubi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كرچمبوجنوبي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Whitminster is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire , on the A38 trunk road about six miles south of Gloucester .
The Milam County Courthouse and Jail are two separate historic county governmental buildings located diagonally opposite each other in Cameron , Milam County , Texas .
Dolceacqua is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) southwest of Genoa and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of Imperia , on the border with France .
Obłęże ( ɔˈbwɛ̃ʐɛ ) ( German : Woblanse ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Before it became KODM , the Odessa , Texas station was known as KOYL - FM then later , KUFO - FM at a frequency of 97.9 .
Sardsir Posht Gary ( Persian : سردسيرپشت گارئ‎ , also Romanized as Sardsīr Posht Gāry ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mian Rah - e Jaber ( Persian : ميان راه جابر‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Rāh - e Jāber ; also known as Jāber and Mīānrāh ) is a village in Dustan Rural District , Badreh District , Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
London Bridge Wharf was a wharf in the City of London located alongside London Bridge , just to the east of the north end of the bridge .
Bolmów ( ˈbɔlmuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
39 Conduit Road is a residential property situated in Conduit Road in western mid - Levels of Hong Kong .
Fitzgerald Land District is a land district ( cadastral division ) of Western Australia , located within the Eucla Land Division inland from Esperance .
Chambellan ( Haitian Creole : Chanbèlan ) is a commune in the Jérémie Arrondissement , in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti .
Grýtubakkahreppur is a municipality located in northern - central Iceland , in Northeastern Region .
Sumiton Christian School is a kindergarten through 12th grade interdenominational Christian school located in Sumiton , Alabama .
Derog - e Bala ( Persian : درگ بالا‎ , also Romanized as Derog - e Bālā ; also known as Darak , Dargaz , Derog , and Dorg ) is a village in Bondar Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Teepe Pillar ( 12,266 feet ( 3,739 m ) ) is located in the Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming , immediately south of Grand Teton .
The Ashford Mansion , also known as the Ashford House is a turn of the 20th century residence located in Ashford , Washington .
Sana'a ( also spelled Sanaa or Sana ; Arabic : صنعاء‎ Ṣan``ā '' pronounced ( sˤɑnʕaːʔ ) , Yemeni Arabic : ( ˈsˤɑnʕɑ ) ) is the largest city in Yemen and the centre of Sana'a Governorate .
The Normal Theater is a cinema located in the downtown area of Normal , Illinois of the United States of America , which is located in McLean County .
Gieraliszki ( ɡʲɛraˈliʂki ) ( German : Gerwalde , until 1938 Gerehlischken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Riddlesdown railway station serves Riddlesdown in the London Borough of Croydon in south London , on the Oxted line .
Binówko ( biˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Binower Spitze ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Katipalla ( Tulu:ಕಾಟಿಪಳ್ಳ ) is a small town , five km from Surathkal in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka state , India .
The Teany Café opened in 2002 in the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York at 90 Rivington Street .
Arianshahr ( Persian : آرين شهر‎ - formerly Sedeh ( Persian : سده‎ ) , also Romanized as Seh Deh and Sehdeh ) is a city in and the capital of Sedeh District , in Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Exeter Ship Canal , also known as the Exeter Canal , downstream of Exeter , Devon , England .
Daskin ( Persian : داسكين‎ , also Romanized as Dāskīn ; also known as Dāsjīn ) is a village in Abgarm Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Amber Glen Business Center Heliport ( FAA LID : 86OR ) is a private heliport located in the Tanasbourne neighborhood of Hillsboro in Washington County , Oregon , USA .
Pruszowice ( pruʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Bruschewitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gornji Davidovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горњи Давидовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Molinis , Calfreisen , Castiel , Langwies , Lüen , Peist and St. Peter - Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa .
The Penken is a mountain area in the Ziller Valley located in the Austrian Tyrol .
Kottige ( Kannada : ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ ) ( also known as Megala Kottige ( ಮೇಗಳ ಕೊಟ್ಟಿಗೆ ) ) is a small village in the Holalkere town of Chitradurga State in Karnataka , India .
Boneh - ye Morteza ( Persian : بنه مرتضي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Morteẕá ; also known as Boneh Mortezā ) is a village in Aghili - ye Jonubi Rural District , Aghili District , Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tenedos ( Greek : Τένεδος Tenedhos ) or Bozcaada ( Turkish : Bozcaada ) is an island of Turkey in the northeastern part of the Aegean Sea .
Brampton Centennial Secondary School ( BCSS ) is a public high school located in Brampton , Ontario , Canada and is part of the Peel District School Board .
The Finnish Aviation Museum ( Finnish : Suomen ilmailumuseo ) is a museum specialising in aircraft , located near Helsinki Airport in Veromies , Vantaa , Finland , .
Lubowicz Wielki ( luˈbɔvit͡ʂ ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gunsbach ( German : Günsbach ) is a village and commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Magic 882 ( ACMA callsign : 4BH ) is a radio station in Brisbane , the state capital of Queensland , Australia .
County Kilkenny ( Irish : Contae Chill Chainnigh ) is a county in Ireland .
The San Luis Obispo Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in the rolling hills of El Chorro Regional Park , between San Luis Obispo and Morro Bay in San Luis Obispo County , within the Central Coast of California region .
Yellanur is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India . It is located 51.8 km distance from its district main city Anantapur and 420 km distance from state 's capital Amaravati .
Selma Union Depot , also known as Selma Union Station , is a train station and museum in Selma , North Carolina .
Obiedzino Górne ( ɔbjɛˈd͡ʑinɔ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Linton Block was a historic site at 3 Monument Square in Woonsocket , Rhode Island .
The 925 Building , formerly known as the Huntington Building , originally the Union Trust Building , is a high - rise office building on Euclid Avenue in downtown Cleveland , Ohio 's Nine - Twelve District .
Athangaraividuthi ( Tamil : ஆத்தங்கரைவிடுதி ) is a village in the Gandaravakottai revenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Airla ( Hindi : एरला ) is a village in Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Circle Ten Council is the main Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) chartered council in central north Texas and a portion of Oklahoma .
The Dakin - Coleman Farm is located on Coleman Station Road ( Dutchess County Route 58 ) in the Town of North East , New York , United States .
Winslow Crocker House is a historic house in Yarmouth Port , Massachusetts , built circa 1780 .
Ampney Crucis is a village and civil parish in the Cotswolds , part of the Cotswold District of Gloucestershire , England .
The National Elk Refuge is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming and was created in 1912 to protect habitat and provide sanctuary for one of the largest elk ( also known as the wapiti ) herd on Earth .
Sitke is a village in Vas County , Hungary , 40 km from the county seat of Szombathely .
Greenwood Lake is an interstate lake approximately seven miles ( 12 km ) long , straddling the border of New York and New Jersey .
The Dyerville Mill is an historic textile mill complex at 610 Manton Avenue in Providence , Rhode Island , USA .
Ya Rud ( Persian : يارود‎ , also Romanized as Yā Rūd ) is a village in Rudbar - e Mohammad - e Zamani Rural District , Alamut - e Gharbi District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Ichapore ( also written as Ichhapur ) ( Bengali : ইছাপুর ) is a town , near the River Ganges , in Barrackpore subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
The Alabama Hills are a range of hills and rock formations near the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada in the Owens Valley , west of Lone Pine in Inyo County , California , United States .
Kul Bechan ( Persian : كول بچان‎‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Bečān ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Wuxue falls under the administration of Huanggang ( 黃冈 ) Municipality .
The Goodland City Library , at 120 W. 12th St. in Goodland , Kansas was built in 1912 and was used as a library for 60 years .
TAGOS Leadership Academy is a project - based charter school in the city of Janesville , Wisconsin .
Hualqui ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈwalki ) ) is a Chilean city and commune in the Concepción Province , Biobio Region .
The Alberta Flying Heritage Museum is an aviation museum currently being developed at the Edmonton / Villeneuve Airport in Villeneuve , Alberta , Canada .
Madison Square Presbyterian Church was a Presbyterian church in Manhattan , New York City , located on Madison Square Park at the northeast corner of East 24th Street and Madison Avenue .
Willamette Leadership Academy is a public charter military academy in Lane County , in Goshen , in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
The Lower Roxbury Historic District is a historic district encompassing an isolated pocket of 1890s mixed residential - commercial property in the lower Roxbury neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Whitstable ( /ˈwɪtstəbəl/ , locally ( ˈwɪʔstəbl ) ) is a seaside town on the north coast of Kent in south - east England , 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) north of Canterbury and 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) west of Herne Bay .
The Nelson River Hydroelectric Project refers to the construction of a series of dams and hydroelectric power plants on the Nelson River in Northern Manitoba , Canada .
Possagno is a comune in the Province of Treviso , in the Italian region Veneto .
The Lowcountry Graduate Center ( LGC ) is a public higher education consortium located in North Charleston , South Carolina .
The East River Mountain Tunnel is a 5,412-foot ( 1,650 m ) vehicular tunnel that carries Interstate 77 ( I-77 ) and U.S. Route 52 ( US 52 ) through East River Mountain between the communities of Bluefield , West Virginia , and Rocky Gap , Virginia .
Fairy Glen is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Willow Creek No . 458 in the province of Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Rockaway Freeway is a road in the New York City borough of Queens , that was created from the old right - of - way of the Long Island Rail Road Rockaway Division in 1941 - -1942 as part of the project to eliminate grade crossings within New York City .
Szymborno ( ʂɨmˈbɔrnɔ ) ( German : Schönborn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kijewo Królewskie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Palm Valley Bridge spans the Intracoastal Waterway in the Palm Valley area near Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida .
Berry Events Center is a 4,300-seat multi - purpose arena in Marquette , Michigan , in the United States that opened in 1999 .
Ōizumi Observatory ( code 411 ) is a private astronomical observatory in Ōizumi , Gunma Prefecture , Japan .
Nur - Kolonia Wschodnia ( ˈnur kɔˈlɔɲa ˈfsxɔdɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nur , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lake Sakakawea State Park is a North Dakota state park located on the southern shore of Lake Sakakawea , one mile north of the community of Pick City in Mercer County .
Old Hickory Lock and Dam is a dam located in middle Tennessee on the Cumberland River at river mile 216.2 in Sumner and Davidson Counties , approximately 25 miles ( 40 km ) upstream from Nashville .
Caterham ( /ˈkeɪtᵊrəm/ ) is a town in the Tandridge District of Surrey , England .
The Plantation Towne Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Plantation , Florida , which was destroyed by a fire on September 6 , 1996 .
Kalat - e Malek ( Persian : كلات مالك‎ , also Romanized as Kalāt - e Mālek ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Isaiah Paxson Farm , also known as Burgess Lea , is a historic farm complex located in Solebury Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Remeți ( Ukrainian : Ремета ; Hungarian : Pálosremete ; German : Remetz ) is a commune in Maramureș County , Romania .
North Eaglenest Mountain is a mountain located less than 2 miles south of Maggie Valley , North Carolina in Haywood County .
The Peace Gardens are an inner city square in Sheffield , England .
Gracjanów ( ɡrat͡sˈjanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Brewer Fountain stands near the corner of Park and Tremont Streets in Boston , Massachusetts , by Park Street Station .
Hamzeh Beygi ( Persian : حمزه بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Beygī ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Georgina Island is located in southern Ontario , Canada about an hour north from Toronto .
The Kent Place School is a highly selective all - girls independent college - preparatory day school ( with a coeducational nursery and pre - Kindergarten ) serving students in preschool through twelfth grade in Summit , Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Far Hills Country Day School ( FHCDS ) is a private , coeducational PreK - grade eight school located in Far Hills , New Jersey , one hour west of New York City .
The United States Naval Support Activity Panama City ( NSA PC ) , is located just outside Panama City , Florida and is a United States Navy military base .
King Homestead ( now called New Moon Farm ) is a log home located in Cottontown , Sumner County , Tennessee .
Cheruvadi ( Small Garden ) is a village in the Kozhikode district of Kerala .
Saint - Héand is a commune in the Loire department in central France , 12 kilometres from Saint - Étienne .
Devoran ( Cornish : Deveryon ) is a village in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Dołhobyczów - Kolonia ( dɔu̯xɔˈbɨt͡ʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Tokhm - e Balut - e Sofla ( Persian : تخم بلوطسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tokhm - e Balūţ - e Soflá ; also known as Varkabūd ) is a village in Helilan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Llyn Padarn is a glacially formed lake in Snowdonia , Gwynedd , north Wales , and is an example of a moraine dammed lake .
The Grinnell Range is a mountain range on northwestern Devon Island , Nunavut , Canada .
The Orleans is a hotel and casino located in Paradise , Nevada .
Waldameer Park and Water World is an amusement / water park in Erie , Pennsylvania located at the base of Presque Isle .
The Hickory Creek Wilderness is a 8,663-acre ( 35.1 km2 ) wilderness area located on the Bradford Ranger District of the Allegheny National Forest in Warren County , Pennsylvania .
Henan Mongol Autonomous County ( Chinese : 河南蒙古族自治县 ; pinyin : Hénán Ménggǔ Zìzhìxiàn ; Mongolian : ᠡᡁᠨᠠᠨ ᠮᠣᠩᠭᠣᠯ ᠥᠪᠡᠷᠲᠡᠭᠡᠨ ᠵᠠᠰᠠᠬᠤ ᠵᠧᠦ ; Tibetan : རྨ་ལྷོ་སོག་རིགས་རང་སྐྱོང་ཁུལ་ , Wylie : rma - lho sog - rigs rang - skyong - khul ) is an autonomous county in the south of Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in the province of Qinghai .
Ghalim ( Persian : غليم‎ , also Romanized as Ghalīm ; also known as Boneh - ye Ghalayem and Boneh - ye Ghalīm ) is a village in Miyan Ab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Garmsir Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گرمسير‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Keybar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كيبر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jolgeh Zozan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Piaski Sztumskie ( ˈpjaski ˈʂtumskʲɛ ) ( German : Sandhuben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
CKTT - FM is a Canadian radio station , that broadcasts tourist information programing at 94.3 FM in Timmins , Ontario .
Nowe Kozery ( ˈnɔvɛ kɔˈzɛrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dezeen is an architecture , interiors and design magazine based in London , with offices in Haggerston .
Faraj Beygi ( Persian : فرج بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Faraj Beygī ; also known as Shahrak - e Yamīnābād ) is a village in Zirab Rural District , in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
The North Branch Marsh River is a 1.0-mile - long ( 1.6 km ) tidal river in the town of Frankfort , Waldo County , Maine .
Klepki ( ˈklɛpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bławaciska ( bwavaˈt͡ɕiska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Coal City High School ( Mascot : Coalers ) is a four - year high school in north - central Illinois .
The town of Carluke ( Gaelic : Cathair MoLuaig ) lies in the heart of the Lanarkshire countryside in South Lanarkshire , Scotland , 4.7 miles ( 7.6 kilometres ) northwest of Lanark and 4.2 mi ( 6.8 km ) southeast of Wishaw .
Windorp ( ˈvindɔrp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Dorchester - Milton Lower Mills Industrial District is an historic district on both sides of the Neponset River in the Dorchester area of Boston and in the town of Milton , Massachusetts .
Zanigrad ( pronounced ( zaˈniːɡɾat ) ; Italian : Sanigrado ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Byåsen Upper Secondary School ( Norwegian : Byåsen videregående skole ) is a public upper secondary school located in the Byåsen area of Trondheim , Norway .
Mossehaus is an office building on 18 - 25 Schützenstrasse in Berlin , renovated and with a corner designed by Erich Mendelsohn in 1921 - -1923 .
Straightaway Glacier , also known as Crosson Glacier , is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Mardin Province ( Turkish : Mardin ili , Kurdish : Mêrdîn ) , is a province of Turkey with a population of 744,606 .
KLRR is an FM radio station licensed to Redmond , Oregon , and serving Bend , Oregon .
Khwajgipur is a village in Bijnor district in Uttar Pradesh state , India .
F. B. McFarren Memorial Park is a park in the community of Streetsville in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada , situated south of McFarren Blvd , which runs from Thomas Street south and west to Erin Mills Parkway .
The Museum of Indian Culture is located in the Lehigh Parkway at 2825 Fish Hatchery Road in Allentown , Lehigh County , Pennsylvania .
WFNP is a college radio station licensed to Rosendale , New York run by students attending the State University of New York at New Paltz , broadcasting on 88.7 MHz at 6 kilowatts ERP from the Illinois Mountain tower in Lloyd , New York .
The parish of Little Hucklow is situated in north Derbyshire .
The National and University Library ( French : Bibliothèque nationale et universitaire ; abbreviated BNU ) is a public library in Strasbourg , France .
Castle High School , previously known as John H. Castle High School is a public high school located about a mile northeast of Newburgh , Indiana on Indiana 261 .
Hohenstadt is a municipality in the Göppingen ( district ) in Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
Morochów ( mɔˈrɔxuf ) ( Ukrainian : Морохів , Morokhiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórz , within Sanok County , in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship ( province ) of south - eastern Poland .
Cut River is a small , short river in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
The Seagull Monument is a small monument situated immediately in front of the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Temple Square , in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Deokali ( देवकाली ) is a Industrial Area in Faizabad city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is Subpost Office of Faizabad .
Small Inlet Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada on the northwest side of Quadra Island , near the city of Campbell River .
The Hockomock Swamp is a vast wetland encompassing much of the northern part of southeastern Massachusetts .
Tamarack Resort is a four - season mountain resort in the northwest United States , in the Long Valley of west central Idaho .
Jihlava is a capital of the Vysočina Region , situated on the Jihlava river ( German Igel ) on the historical border between Moravia and Bohemia , and is the oldest mining town in the Czech Republic , approximately 50 years older than Kutná Hora .
Mamarapha College is a post - secondary theological institution for indigenous Australians located in Karragullen , Western Australia .
Farim Rural District ( Persian : دهستان فريم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sufi Hasan ( Persian : صوفي حسن‎ , also Romanized as Şūfī Ḩasan ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Polekarcice ( pɔlɛkarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Fredette Lake is a remote northern lake of Saskatchewan , Canada , located north of Eldorado , Saskatchewan .
Bortigiadas ( Gallurese : Bultigghjata , Sardinian : Bortigiadas ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Olbia - Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 190 kilometres ( 120 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Olbia .
The El Dorado Missouri Pacific Depot is a former passenger train station constructed in 1918 , in El Dorado , Kansas .
St - Gervais - et - St - Protais Church of Paris is located in the 4th arrondissement of Paris , on Place Saint - Gervais in the Marais district , east of City Hall ( Hôtel de Ville ) .
Mount Schank is a dormant maar volcano in the south - east of South Australia , near Mount Gambier .
Słojniki ( swɔi̯ˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Fairfax - Moore House is a historical house located at 207 Prince Street in Alexandria , Virginia , United States .
Astrakhak ( Persian : استرخك‎ , also Romanized as Āstrakhaḵ ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Algutsrum Hundred ( Swedish : Algutsrums härad ) was a hundred of Öland in Sweden .
The Vokes Theatre , also known as Beatrice Herford 's Vokes Theatre , is a 1904 miniature of a London theatre in Wayland , Massachusetts built by and named for Beatrice Herford .
Gmina Prószków , German Gemeinde Proskau is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Haulerwijk ( West Frisian : Haulerwyk ) is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Aghozi Gang ( Persian : اغذي گنگ‎ , also Romanized as Āghoz̄ī Gang and Āghz̄ī Gang ; also known as Aq Zekīnk and Aqziqarq ) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kordestan - e Bozorg ( Persian : كردستان بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Kordestān - e Bozorg ; also known as Kordestān - e Pā’īn , Kordestān - e Soflá , and Kordestān Soflá ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Segmon is a locality situated in Grums Municipality , Värmland County , Sweden with 437 inhabitants in 2010 .
Shur Qeshlaq ( Persian : شورقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Qeshlāq ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Estádio Leonardo Vinagre da Silveira , commonly known as Estádio da Graça , is an association football stadium located in Cruz das Armas neighborhood , João Pessoa , Paraíba , Brazil .
Słobity - Stacja Kolejowa ( swɔˈbitɨ ˈstat͡sja kɔlɛˈjɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ufimsky District ( Russian : Уфи́мский райо́н ; Bashkir : Өфө районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
The Flin Flon School Division maintains and operates two elementary schools and two high schools in the city of Flin Flon , Manitoba , Canada .
Beachcliff Market Square is a mixed - use open air center situated off of Interstate 90 in Rocky River , Ohio , a suburb outside of Cleveland .
Tabor Hall ( Dvorana Tabor ) is a large multi - purpose sports venue in the Tabor region of Maribor in Slovenia .
The Nathaniel Witherell is a rehabilitation and skilled nursing facility at 70 Parsonage Road in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Żytowice ( ʐɨtɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Levi Sheard Mill , also known as Sheard 's Mill and John S. Clymer Mill , is a historic grist mill located in East Rockhill Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Fort Chadbourne was a fort established by the United States Army on October 28 , 1852 , in what is now Coke County , Texas , to protect the western frontier and the Butterfield Overland Mail route .
St Mary 's Catholic Academy ( formerly St Mary 's Catholic College ) is a school in Layton , Blackpool , Lancashire .
Mieleszynek ( mjɛlɛˈʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Smrdelje is a small village located 8 km southwest of Kistanje , in the continental part of Šibenik - Knin County , Croatia .
Virapandianpattanam or Virapandianpatnam , a village on the south - eastern coast of Indian peninsular near Thiruchendur , Thoothukudi District , Tamil Nadu .
Pertwood was an ancient settlement and parish , near Warminster in the county of Wiltshire in the west of England .
John M. Belk Arena is a 5,295-seat multi - purpose arena , located on the campus of Davidson College , in Davidson , North Carolina , United States .
Tajpur Manjha is village in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh , situated on the bank of the River Ganges .
The Capital Transit System is the public transportation agency that serves the city and burough of Juneau , Alaska .
Viewpoint School is a private , nondenominational , nonprofit day school , located in Calabasas , California .
Lirsiah - e Shapuri ( Persian : ليرسياه شاپوري‎ , also Romanized as Līrsīāh - e Shāpūrī ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bödexen is a quarter of Höxter , in the east of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Bay Shore Methodist Episcopal Church , also known as the United Methodist Church of Bay Shore , is a historic Methodist Episcopal church complex at E. Main Street at the junction of Second Avenue in Bay Shore , Suffolk County , New York .
Thondi or Tondi is a Panchayat town in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Universalist Society Meetinghouse is an historic Greek Revival meetinghouse at 3 River Road in Orleans , Massachusetts .
The Lyman Scott House is a historic house located on U.S. Route 54 in Summer Hill , Pike County , Illinois .
Mieduniszki Małe ( mjɛduˈniʂki ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Medunischken , 1938 - 1945 Medunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Mejin ( Persian : مجين‎ , also Romanized as Mejīn and Majīn ; also known as Mīzīn ) is a village in Delbaran Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Temblor Creek , formerly Arroyo de Los Temblores ( Creek of the earthquakes ) , is a stream with its source on the east slope of the Temblor Range , California , United States .
The Ottenberg is a hill in the Franconian Jura in Bavaria , Germany .
Sayyet Askan Ashayir Milad ( Persian : سايت اسكان عشايرميلاد‎ , also Romanized as Sāyyet Askān ʿAshāyīr Mīlād ) is a village in Zangebar Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dizaj - e Talkhaj ( Persian : ديزج تلخاج‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Talkhāj ) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Deh Now - ye Kizavak ( Persian : دهنوكيزوك‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - ye Kīzavak ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
CHER - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting from Sydney , Nova Scotia at 98.3 FM .
Wrightington is a civil parish in West Lancashire , England , with an area of 3,915½ acres .
Rębice ( rɛmˈbit͡sɛ ) ( German : Birkhain ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Aloha High School is a suburban public high school in Aloha , Oregon , United States .
Dąbrowa Człuchowska ( dɔmˈbrɔva t͡ʂwuˈxɔfska ) ( German Damerau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hipsheim is a commune in the southeast of the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Salem Street Burying Ground is a cemetery located at the intersection of Salem Street and Riverside Avenue in Medford , Massachusetts .
Pignone ( Ligurian : Pignon ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southeast of Genoa and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northwest of La Spezia .
Kor Cha ( Persian : كرچا‎ , also Romanized as Kor Chā ; also known as Kor Chāh ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KCFR - FM is a radio station in Denver , Colorado , which is owned and operated by Colorado Public Radio and simulcast to several AM and FM stations throughout the state .
Moon Area High School , known to the locals as Moon High , is a public high school located in the Moon Area School District in Pennsylvania , USA .
Halim Alizehi ( Persian : حليم عليزهي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalīm ʿAlīzehī ; also known as Ḩalīm ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Petaling Street ( Malay : Jalan Petaling , Simplified Chinese : 茨厂街 , Traditional Chinese : 茨廠街 , pinyin : Cíchǎng Jiē , Cantonese jyutping : ci4 cong2 gaai1 ) is a Chinatown located in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Post Park is a small county park in Brewster County , Texas , United States .
Samagaun is a village development committee in Gorkha District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
In 1941 the Smith - Putnam wind turbine , the world 's first megawatt - size wind turbine , was connected to the local electrical distribution system on Grandpa 's Knob in Castleton , Vermont , USA .
Kedong County ( simplified Chinese : 克东县 ; traditional Chinese : 克東縣 ; pinyin : Kèdōng Xian ) is a county in Qiqihar in the north - eastern province of Heilongjiang of the People 's Republic of China .
Kola Safa ( Persian : كلاصفا‎ , also Romanized as Kolā Şafā ; also known as Kolah Şafā ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stary Rusinów ( ˈstarɨ ruˈɕinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Chiswell 's Inheritance , also known as Chiswell 's Manor , Chiswell 's Delight and Grayhaven Manor , is a historic home located at Poolesville , Montgomery County , Maryland , United States .
Nasarkan - e Olya ( Persian : نصركان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Naşarkān - e `` Olyā ; also known as Naşarkān ) is a village in Shirang Rural District , Kamalan District , Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 542 , in 123 families .
The Bertha Benz Memorial Route is a German tourist and theme route in Baden - Württemberg and member of the European Route of Industrial Heritage .
Eagle Raceway is a one - third mile dirt track located two miles ( 3 km ) east of Eagle , Nebraska on U.S. Highway 34 in Cass County , Nebraska , often referred to by some as the `` World 's Fastest Third Mile '' because of its speed .
Pozzilli is an Italian comune ( municipality ) of the Province of Isernia , in the region Molise , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of Campobasso and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Isernia .
Boston Spa is a village and civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire , England .
Cornate d'Adda is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northeast of Milan and 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from Monza .
The Duffy Site is a substantial archaeological site along the Wabash River in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Illinois .
Goupil & Cie was a leading art dealership in 19th - century France , with headquarters in Paris .
Lincoln Law School of Sacramento is a private law school in Sacramento , California , United States .
The Corriher Grange Hall is a historic Grange Hall located near the Five Points area near Enochville , Rowan County , North Carolina .
The King Rama II Memorial Park is located in the Amphawa District of Thailand 's Samut Songkhram Province .
Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal ( AME ) church and cemetery located at Camden , Kent County , Delaware .
Łapaj ( ˈwapai̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Buda - Kashalyova District , Buda - Kašaliouski Rajon ( Belarusian : Буда-Кашалёўскі раён ) is an administrative subdivision , a district of Gomel Region , in Belarus .
Bitterne railway station is located in eastern Southampton , England .
Pha Lueat ( Thai : ผาเลือด ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Tha Pla District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Smalls Falls , a waterfall in Maine , is a series of waterfalls and cascades on the Sandy River in Township E , West Central Franklin , Maine , in the United States .
In 1997 the independence of Lieshout came to an end when the village became part of the new municipality of Laarbeek .
The Thomas Skelton House is an historic house in Falmouth , Maine .
The 2001 German Athletics Championships were held at the Gottlieb - Daimler - Stadion in Stuttgart on 29 June -- 1 July 2001 .
East Godavari district is a district in Coastal Andhra region of Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Lincoln Depot Museum is located at 41 South Water Street in Peekskill , New York inside the Peekskill Freight Depot .
Gramercy Mansion is a historic mansion in Stevenson , Maryland , United States , located on Greenspring Valley Road near Stevenson University .
The Palomar Ballroom , built in 1925 , was a famous ballroom in Los Angeles , California , in the United States .
The Parliament of the German - speaking Community ( German : Parlament der Deutschsprachigen Gemeinschaft or PDG ) is the legislative assembly of the German - speaking Community of Belgium based in Eupen .
Kasur District or Qasur District ( Urdu : ضِلع قصُور‎ ) , is one of the districts in the province of Punjab , Pakistan It came into existence on 1 July 1976 .
KNNW ( 103.1 FM , `` 103.1 Now FM '' ) is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station licensed to Columbia , Louisiana and serving the Monroe , Louisiana area .
Dubidze ( duˈbid͡zɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brzeźnica , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle , Washington , United States .
Hepka is a village and municipality in Humla District in the Karnali Zone of north - western Nepal .
The New Durham Town Hall is located at Main Street and Ridge Road in the center of New Durham , New Hampshire .
Northwest College is a public two - year residential college located in Powell , Wyoming , 70 miles from Yellowstone National Park .
Golden Triangle Regional Airport ( IATA : GTR , ICAO : KGTR , FAA LID : GTR ) is a public use airport in Lowndes County , Mississippi , United States .
Drumeldrie is a hamlet in the East Neuk area of Fife , Scotland .
George Wythe University ( GWU ) is a non - profit classical liberal arts school in Salt Lake City , Utah which offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in the liberal arts , education and political philosophy .
Holy Name Church Rectory , Convent and School is a historic church at 2920 and 2914 S. 3rd Street and 2911 and 2921 S. 4th Street in Louisville , Kentucky .
Habishi ( Persian : حبيشي‎ , also Romanized as Habīshī , Ḩobeyshī , and Hubaishi ; also known as Ḩobeysh and Ḩobeysheh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Targówek is a district in Warsaw , Poland located in the northern part of the city .
Ilaiyangudi,(Tamil : இளையான்குடி ) also spelled Ilayangudi or Ilaiyangudi , is a taluk headquarters and Sub Town situated 21 km south - east of Manamadurai , in Sivaganga district , India .
Mireșu Mare ( Hungarian : Nagynyíres ) is a commune in Maramureș County , northwestern Romania .
The University Interscholastic League ( UIL ) Texas High School District 4-AA is a group of Conference AA schools in West Texas that compete with each other in friendly competition in interscholastic events in Sports , Music and Fine Arts , and Academics .
Custom House District is a historic district in Boston , Massachusetts located between the Fitzgerald Expressway ( now Purchase St. / the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway ) and Kilby Street and South Market and High and Batterymarch Streets .
The Apple Bowl is a multi - purpose stadium located at the Parkinson Recreation Area in Kelowna , British Columbia .
Ashnola Pass is a mountain pass in the North Cascades of northwestern Washington in the Pasayten Wilderness .
Prattville High School , formerly Autauga County High School , is a high school in Prattville , Alabama and forms part of the Autauga County School System .
The District of Belconnen is one of the original eighteen districts of the Australian Capital Territory used in land administration .
Postling village and civil parish is situated near the Roman road of Stone Street , about 17 miles ( 27 km ) south of Canterbury , Kent , in South East England .
Piz Alpetta ( 2,764 m ) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps , located near Disentis in the canton of Graubünden .
Azaz District ( Arabic : منطقة أعزاز‎ , translit . manṭiqat A'zāz ) is a district of Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria .
The Mummers Parade is held each New Year 's Day in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA .
Samułki Duże ( saˈmuu̯kʲi ˈduʐɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Самулки Великі , Samulky Velyki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Puttabong ( Tukvar ) Tea Estate falls under the District of Darjeeling , West Bengal , India .
Bur Kheyl - e Arateh ( Persian : بورخيل ارطه‎ , also Romanized as Būr Kheyl - e Araţeh ; also known as Būr Kheyl ) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Arroio Grande ( Portuguese meaning the big stream ) is a Brazilian municipality in the southern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
The Falls Incline Railway , originally known as the Horseshoe Falls Incline is a funicular railway in the city of Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada .
The Shrine of the Grotto of the Redemption is a religious shrine located in West Bend , Iowa , in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City .
Gaveh - ye Kalateh ( Persian : گوه كلاته‎ , also Romanized as Gaveh - ye Kalāteh ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Elberfeld is a municipal subdivision of the German city of Wuppertal ; it was an independent town until 1929 .
Kolbad - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كلبادغربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kolbad District , Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Pinehills is a census - designated place ( CDP ) located in the Pine Hills region of Plymouth , Massachusetts , United States .
Śrem County ( Polish : powiat śremski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Willard Pond is a small , protected lake in Antrim , New Hampshire , United States .
The Museum of King John III 's Palace at Wilanów ( Polish : Muzeum Pałacu Króla Jana III w Wilanowie ) is a museum in Warsaw , Poland considered to be one of the oldest in the country and the repository of the country 's royal and artistic heritage .
The Brown Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in Shrewsbury , Vermont .
The Boston Sugar Refinery was a sugar refinery based in East Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Starkweather Hall , also known as Starkweather Religious Center , is a religious and educational building located at 901 West Forest Avenue in Ypsilanti , Michigan , on the campus of Eastern Michigan University .
Stężyca - Kolonia ( stɛ̃ˈʐɨt͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnystaw , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ayzdin ( Persian : ايزدين‎ , also Romanized as Ayzdīn ; also known as Azdīn ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Osiek Piaseczny ( ˈɔɕɛk pjaˈsɛt͡ʂnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Santa Barbara County Courthouse is located at 1100 Anacapa Street , in downtown Santa Barbara , California .
Mian Kolmarz ( Persian : ميان كلمرز‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Kolmarz ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Earlsfield is an area within the London Borough of Wandsworth , London , England .
Dąbrówka Ludomska ( dɔmˈbrufka luˈdɔmska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Southwest Applied Technology College ( SWATC ) is a public technical training institution located in Cedar City , Utah and serving Beaver , Garfield , Iron and Kane counties .
Ziaran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زياران‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Alswear is a village in Devon , England , approximately 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Exeter .
KWXY is a Class C commercial AM radio station licensed to Cathedral City , California , USA .
The Tenino Depot , located in Tenino , Washington , was built by the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1914 along the mainline from Portland , Oregon to Tacoma , Washington .
14 Wall Street , originally the Bankers Trust Company Building , is a skyscraper at 14 Wall Street at the corner of Broad Street and running through to Pine Street in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City .
Trifaoui ( Arabic : ﺗﺮﻳﻔﺎوى‎ ) is a town and commune in Hassi Khelifa District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Wołcza Mała ( ˈvɔu̯t͡ʂa ˈmawa ) ( German : Klein Volz ; Kashubian : Môłô Wôłczô ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Erie Air Park ( FAA LID : 3H5 ) is a public use ultralight airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) north of the central business district of Erie , a village in Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
Memphis Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : F21 ) is a city - owned public use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) northeast of the central business district of Memphis , a city in Hall County , Texas , United States .
The Hamilton Wetland Restoration Project is a joint venture between two public agencies ; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is the lead federal agency with the California Coastal Conservancy as the local sponsoring agency .
Haiya ( Pronunciation : hi - yah ) ( Thai : หายยา ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Mai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Cape Breton Island is part of the province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
Strzeniówka ( stʂɛˈɲufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Klang River ( Malay : Sungai Klang ) is a river which flows through Kuala Lumpur and Selangor in Malaysia and eventually flows into the Straits of Malacca .
Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center is a 188-bed medical facility located in Corvallis , Oregon , United States .
Antioch University Los Angeles ( AULA ) is a small non - profit private liberal arts school currently located in Culver City , California , United States .
Czarnocice ( t͡ʂarnɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ballarat Central ( known as the Central Business Area by the City of Ballarat and sometimes simply as `` Ballarat '' ) is the central locality of Greater Ballarat in Victoria , Australia .
Sveitarfélagið Árborg is the biggest municipality in southern Iceland founded in 1998 .
Sherlock Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located approximately 54 kilometres ( 34 mi ) East of Roebourne in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
The James P. Johnson House is a building and property in Thompsons Station , Tennessee , United States , that dates from 1854 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
Tolombeh - ye Yarollah ( Persian : تلمبه ياراله‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Yārollāh ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mariopol ( maˈrjɔpɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Schloss Meseberg is a Baroque castle 65 kilometres north of Berlin in Meseberg in Brandenburg , Germany which is the retreat of the Chancellor of Germany and the official state guest house of the German Federal Government .
Elżbieta - Kolonia ( ɛlʐˈbjɛta kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Ranger Uranium Mine is a uranium mine in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Kyauktada Township ( Burmese : ကျောက်တံတား မြို့နယ် ( tɕaʊʔdədá mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is the center of downtown Yangon , Myanmar .
Kapargah ( Persian : كپرگاه‎ , also Romanized as Kapargāh , Gapargah , Kafargāh , Khafargāh , and Khafr Gāh ) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Keli Malek ( Persian : كليملك‎ , also Romanized as Kelī Malek ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Swattenden is a small settlement near Cranbrook , Kent , UK .
Methodist Episcopal Church of Wessington Springs is a historic church at the SE Corner of Main and State Streets in Wessington Springs , South Dakota .
Highfield Church is a parish church in the Highfield district of Southampton , England .
The Sidney Walnut Avenue Historic District is a neighborhood and historic district on the western side of the city of Sidney , Ohio , United States .
Hallamölla is the biggest waterfall in Skåne County , Sweden with a height of 23 metres .
Myothit Township ( Burmese : မြို့သစ် မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Magway District in the Magway Division of Myanmar .
Watson Log Cabin at 560 N. Lake Blvd , Tahoe City , California was built in 1908 by Robert Montgomery Watson .
WGNA - FM ( known on - air as 107.7 WGNA ) is a country music - formatted radio station licensed to Albany , New York and serving New York 's Capital District .
The Bloody Tubs ( or Blood Tubs ) were a nineteenth - century gang of opportunistic street thugs in Baltimore , Maryland , who worked primarily for nativist Know Nothing politicians to commit election fraud .
Monetki ( mɔˈnɛtki ) ( German : Sophiental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Seabury - Western Theological Seminary was a seminary of The Episcopal Church , located in Chicago , Illinois .
Mogallu ( Telugu : మోగల్లు ; e - governance code : 534209 ) is the most populous village in Palakoderu mandal , located 10 km from Bhimavaram City in West Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India
Knezdol ( pronounced ( ˈkneːzdɔl ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Trbovlje in central Slovenia .
Warszyn ( ˈvarʂɨn ) ( formerly German Warsin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Spring Valley Presbyterian Church , also known as the Zena Church , in the community of Zena , is a Presbyterian congregation approximately 10 miles northwest of Salem , Oregon , United States .
Murphree Area is an historic residence hall complex on the northern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville , Florida .
The Building at 1 - 7 Moscow Street in Quincy , Massachusetts , is a rare turn - of - the-20th century wood frame apartment house .
Dushingan ( Persian : دوشينگان‎ , also Romanized as Dūshingān ; also known as Dūshangān , Dooshangān , and Dūshīgān ) is a village in Darmian Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bloomingdale Line was constructed in 1873 by the Chicago and Pacific Railroad Company as part of the 36-mile ( 58 km ) Elgin subdivision from Halsted Street in Chicago to the suburb of Elgin , Illinois .
KXHT ( Hot 107.1 ) is a Hip - Hop - intense mainstream urban radio station licensed to Marion , Arkansas and serves the Memphis , Tennessee , area .
The Confederate Monument in Perryville is a historic monument located by the visitor center of the Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site , in the vicinity of Perryville , Kentucky , in Boyle County , Kentucky , USA .
Osmolinek ( ɔsmɔˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tell al - Fakhar ( Arabic : تل الفخار‎ `` Pottery Mound '' ) is a tell , or archaeological settlement mound , in Kirkuk Governorate , northeastern Iraq .
The Harvey P. Sutton House , also known as the H.P. Sutton House , is a six - bedroom , 4,000-square - foot ( 370 m2 ) Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home at 602 Norris Avenue in McCook , Nebraska .
The Green - Hartsfield House , also known as the Hartsfield House , is a historic home located near Rolesville , Wake County , North Carolina , a satellite town northeast of the state capital Raleigh .
Graham Hill Elementary School is an elementary school located in the Seward Park neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , USA .
Spahn Ranch , also known as the Spahn Movie Ranch , was a 500-acre ( 2.0 km2 ) movie ranch in Los Angeles County , California , used for filming generally Western - themed movies and television programs .
Promont is a historic house in Milford , Ohio , United States , which was built in 1865 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
Holosiivskyi District ( Ukrainian : Голосіївський район , translit . : Holosiivs’kyi raion ) is an urban district of the city of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
The Washington Square Arch is a marble triumphal arch built in 1892 in Washington Square Park in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan in New York City .
Nanno ( German : Nain , Ladin : Nan ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Trento .
Occoneechee State Park is a state park near Clarksville , Virginia , located along Buggs Island Lake .
The Evelyn Site , also referred to as Illinois Archaeological Survey No . Ke-52 , is a 12-acre ( 4.9 ha ) archaeological site near Newark in Big Grove Township , Kendall County , Illinois , United States .
Gerdak ( Persian : گردك‎ , Sorani Kurdish : گردەک ) is a village in Sharwineh Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kanzaq ( Persian : كنزق‎ ; also known as Ganzaq , Ganzegh , Genzek , Kanzag , and Katīraq ) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Cable Airport ( IATA : CCB , ICAO : KCCB , FAA LID : CCB ) is a non - towered public - use airport located two miles ( 3 km ) northwest of the central business district of Upland , a city in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Karah ( Persian : كراه‎ , also Romanized as Karāh ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kuzah Topraqi ( Persian : كوزه تپراقي‎ , also Romanized as Kūzah Toprāqī ; also known as Kūzah Torpāqī ) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Boyington Oak is a historic Southern live oak in Mobile , Alabama .
Czarnogoździce ( t͡ʂarnɔɡɔʑˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ) ( German : Hohenwarte ; until 1936 : Zwornogoschütz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
House at 60 William Street is a historic house at 19 Jefferson Street in the Newton Corner village of Newton , Massachusetts .
Pomaia is a village in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Santa Luce , in the Province of Pisa .
Meehaz Mountain is a mountain in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located on the north side of the headwaters of Teslin River and to the south of the Atsutla Range .
Galsi I ( community development block ) ( Bengali : গলসি I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Durgapur subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Pierzchnia ( ˈpjɛʂxɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bridge Creek Wildlife Area is a wildlife management area located near Ukiah , Oregon , United States .
The Brainerd Schoolhouse is a one room schoolhouse , located in Mount Holly Township , Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Ermesinde is a civil parish in the municipality ( concelho ) of Valongo , in continental Portugal , 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) northeast of Porto .
Mikveh Israel Cemetery is the oldest Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ( the oldest in the United States is the first cemetery of Congregation Shearith Israel in New York ) .
Llanarmon Mynydd Mawr , occasionally referred to as Llanarmon Fach , is an isolated rural parish in Powys , Wales .
Sajtovići ( Cyrillic : Сајтовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Shire of Rosenthal was a local government area south and west of the regional centre of Warwick in the Darling Downs region of Queensland .
The Cumberland Gap is a narrow pass through the long ridge of the Cumberland Mountains , within the Appalachian Mountains , near the junction of the U.S. states of Kentucky , Virginia , and Tennessee .
Rosedale Field was a grandstand stadium located in Rosedale Park at 20 Scholfield Avenue , Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Lichtaart is a village in Belgium , in the province of Antwerp and municipality of Kasterlee .
The Paunsaugunt Plateau ( pronounced `` PAWN - suh - gant '' ) is a dissected plateau , rising to an elevation of 7,000 - -9,300 feet ( 2,100 - -2,800 m ) , in southwestern Utah in the United States .
Cham - e Berkeh ( Persian : چم بركه‎ ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hormuz District ( Persian : بخش هرمز‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cape Mentelle is a limestone headland on the Indian Ocean coast of south - western Western Australia .
Huerta Real is a village located in the Benamaurel municipality , province of Granada , Spain .
The Miami University Art Museum is a public art museum located on the campus of Miami University in Oxford , Ohio .
Oława County ( Polish : powiat oławski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Wysokie Mazowieckie County ( Polish : powiat wysokomazowiecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Podlaskie Voivodeship , north - eastern Poland .
Murthly ( Scottish Gaelic Mòrthlaich ) is a village in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Auburn Tunnel was a 19th - century canal tunnel built for the Schuylkill Canal , near Auburn , Pennsylvania .
Margaret Court Arena is an Australian tennis and multi - purpose sports and entertainment venue located in Melbourne , Victoria .
The Kuwait National Museum is the national museum of Kuwait , located in Kuwait City .
The Jackson Collins House in Centreville , Maryland was built in 1887 of pressed brick .
Hearn and Rawlins Mill , also known as the Cannon and Ross Mill and Hearn Mill , is a historic grist mill complex located near Seaford , Sussex County , Delaware .
Kennedy Range National Park is a national park in Gascoyne region of Western Australia ( Australia ) , approximately 830 kilometres ( 520 mi ) north of Perth and about 150 km ( 93 mi ) east of Carnarvon .
Kalkushk ( Persian : كل كوشك‎ , also Romanized as Kalkūshk , Kalkūshak , and Kal Kūshk ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chippewa Correctional Facility ( URF ) is a prison for men located in the Upper Peninsula ( UP ) of Michigan and part of the Michigan Department of Corrections ( MDOC ) .
Licensed to Leesburg , Florida , USA , the station is currently owned by Rama Communications , Inc. WQBQ also has a Facebook page : www.facebook.com/TheQ1410 .
Hoyt Radio Tower is the tallest man - made structure in Colorado and one of the tallest in the world .
Blue Mesa Observatory ( BMO ) , also referred to Magdalena Peak Station for the International Planetary Patrol Program , was an astronomical observatory owned and operated by New Mexico State University ( NMSU ) .
Hoseynabad - e Rismani ( Persian : حسين ابادريسماني‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Rīsmānī ) is a village in Fahraj Rural District , in the Central District of Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The United States Army War College ( USAWC ) is a United States Army institution in Carlisle , Pennsylvania , on the 500-acre ( 2 km² ) campus of the historic Carlisle Barracks .
Qalibaf - e Sofla ( Persian : قالي باف سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qālībāf - e Soflá ; also known as Qālībāf - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Greengate School for Dyslexia is a private , non - profit school located in Huntsville , Madison County , Alabama .
Ab Qorqoru ( Persian : اب قرقرو‎ , also Romanized as Āb Qorqorū ) is a village in Paskhan Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lędowo - Osiedle ( lɛnˈdɔvɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Ramshorn Theatre is located in Ingram Street in the Merchant City area of Glasgow , Scotland .
The University of Saint Mary ( USM ) is a private liberal arts university in Leavenworth , Kansas , United States .
The Aircraft Warning Service Observation Tower in Agnew , Washington was built in 1941 as a spotting station for Aircraft Warning Service volunteers watching for intruding Japanese airplanes during World War II . The tower 's original site was near Dungeness , but in 1992 the tower was moved to its present location .
Lavras do Sul is a Brazilian municipality in the southwestern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Martinsburg Town Hall , also known as First Lewis County Courthouse , is a historic town hall located at Martinsburg in Lewis County , New York .
Bishop Paschang Catholic School ( Chinese : 天主教柏德學校 ) is a government - aided , whole dayRoman Catholic coeducational primary school located in Kowloon Bay , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Ghias ol Din ( Persian : غياث الدين‎ , also Romanized as Ghīās̄ ol Dīn , Ghīās̄ od Dīn , and Ghīās̄ ed Dīn ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yaribieh ( Persian : يربيعي‎ , also Romanized as Yaribi``eh ; also known as Yorbī``ī , Yorebey``ī , Yowrabī``eh , and Yowraybīyeh ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 4 families .
Rostam Khan Judaki ( Persian : رستم خان جودکي‎ , also Romanized as Rostam Khān Jūdakī ; also known as Rostam Khān and Rustam Khān ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gołutowo ( ɡɔwuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Teror is a town and a municipality in the northern part of the island of Gran Canaria in the Province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands .
Abermagwr is a small settlement in the county of Ceredigion , Wales .
Elizabeth Castle is a castle and tourist attraction , on a tidal island within the parish of Saint Helier , Jersey .
Jackowo Dolne ( jat͡sˈkɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WZAB ( 880 AM , `` The Biz '' ) is a business news and talk radio station serving the South Florida area of Miami and Fort Lauderdale .
St Peter Island is an island in the Nuyts Archipelago on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia near Ceduna .
Żużoły ( ʐuˈʐɔwɨ ) ( German : Wiesensee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ahmadabad - e Malek ( Persian : احمدابادملك‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Malek ) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District , in the Central District of Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Papanack Park Zoo is a small zoo in Wendover , Ontario .
Nares Lake is a lake in the southern Yukon between Bennett Lake and Tagish Lake that lies below Nares Mountain .
The Sterling & Francine Clark Art Institute , referred to as `` The Clark '' , is an art museum with a large collection located in Williamstown , Massachusetts , United States .
Amidabad ( Persian : عميداباد‎ , also Romanized as `` Amīdābād ; also known as Amīrābād ) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,482 , in 641 families .
Medusa Steel Coaster is a steel roller coaster from Six Flags México .
Exploits Valley High school is located at 392 Grenfell Heights in Grand Falls - Windsor , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Bruce Campbell Field ( IATA : DXE , ICAO : KMBO , FAA LID : MBO ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Madison , a city in Madison County , Mississippi , United States .
Marnab ( Persian : مرناب‎ , also Romanized as Marnāb ; also known as Maranū ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Sharqi Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nawrocko ( naˈvrɔt͡skɔ ) ( German : Liebenfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gerrit Haring House is a historic house at 224 Old Tappan Road in Old Tappan , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Faramarzan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان فرامرزان‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Jenah District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Foxearth is a village on the borders of north Essex and Suffolk in England , between Long Melford and Cavendish .
Licensed to Doniphan , Missouri , USA , KDFN is owned by Eagle Bluff Enterprises .
Counterfeit Lake is a circular , natural freshwater lake in Highlands County , Florida .
Deh - e Golshan ( Persian : ده گلشن‎ ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Tooele Chemical Agent Disposal Facility ( also called Tooele Chemical Demilitarization Facility ) or TOCDF , is a U.S. Army facility located at Deseret Chemical Depot in Tooele County , Utah that was used for dismantling chemical weapons .
Shahrak - e Vazireh ( Persian : شهرك وزيره‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Vazīreh ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Islamic Cultural Center of New York is a mosque and Islamic cultural center in the borough of Manhattan in New York City , United States .
The Wisconsin State Capitol , in Madison , Wisconsin , houses both chambers of the Wisconsin legislature along with the Wisconsin Supreme Court and the Office of the Governor .
Olbrych ( ˈɔlbrɨx ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Porto Martins is a civil parish in the municipality of Praia da Vitória , on the island of Terceira in the Portuguese Azores .
Harrah 's Casino Tunica , formerly Grand Casino Tunica , was a casino and resort located in Tunica Resorts , Mississippi .
Jezierzysk ( jɛˈʑɛʐɨsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Sulphur Bank Mine is located near Clearlake Oaks and Clear Lake in Lake County , California .
Kul Bazan - e Yek ( Persian : كول بزان يك‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Bazān - e Yek ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Güney Qışlaq ( until 2003 , Yuxarı Remeşin , Yukhari - Rameshin , and Yukhary Remeshin ) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Sielec - Kolonia ( ˈɕɛlɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Plane Space was a contemporary art gallery located in the Greenwich Village district of Manhattan .
Mielżyn ( ˈmjɛlʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Richard B. Russell Lake ( known to locals as simply `` Lake Russell '' ) is a reservoir created by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers by construction of Richard B. Russell Dam on the Savannah River bordering Elbert County , Georgia and Abbeville and Anderson counties in South Carolina .
Evans Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel on the campus of the University of Denver , in Colorado .
Chaleshom ( Persian : چال شم‎ , also Romanized as Chāleshom ; also known as Chalisham and Chalistan ) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Huilong Yi Ethnic Township ( simplified Chinese : 回隆彝族乡 ; traditional Chinese : 回隆彝族鄉 ; pinyin : Huílóng Yízú Xiāng ) is a township of Shimian County in western Sichuan province , China , located 5.6 kilometres ( 3.5 mi ) southeast of the county seat as the crow flies along China National Highway 108 .
St. Theodore Guerin High School is a private Roman Catholic college - preparatory high school located in Noblesville , Indiana , a northern Indianapolis suburb .
Strawberry Reservoir is a large reservoir in the U.S. state of Utah .
Barway is a hamlet in Cambridgeshire , England , about three miles south of Ely .
Byron Northview Public School is an elementary school in the community of Byron in London , Ontario , Canada and part of the Thames Valley District School Board .
The Wallowa Lake Tramway is an aerial cable gondola lift near Joseph , Oregon , in the Wallowa - Whitman National Forest of the United States , named for Wallowa Lake .
Mount Parang or Gunung Parang ( gunung - mountain , parang - machete ) , is a mountain in the Purwakarta Regency of West Java in Indonesia .
Hajji Malang Kharut ( Persian : حاجي ملنگ خروط‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Malang Kharūţ ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
WWLZ ( 820 AM ) is a radio station in the Elmira - Corning market in New York state .
Santo Antônio do Içá is a community and a municipality in the state of Amazonas near the Columbian border in Brazil .
The Raggeds Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Elk Mountains northwest of Crested Butte , Colorado .
Tikhoretsk ( Russian : Тихоре́цк ) is a town in Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Seven Feathers Casino Resort is a 298-room , AAA three - star hotel and casino located in Canyonville , Oregon , United States .
Naqib Deh ( Persian : نقيب ده‎ , also Romanized as Naqīb Deh ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
James Madison School , also known as East Scranton Intermediate School and East Scranton Junior High School , is a historic school building located at Scranton , Lackawanna County , Pennsylvania .
Hilldale Shopping Center , also known locally as Hilldale , is a partially enclosed shopping mall in Madison , Wisconsin .
Bambiderstroff ( German : Baumbiedersdorf ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
Fort de Cavagnial ( also known as Fort Cavagnolle or Post of the Missouri or Fort de la Trinité ) was a French fort on the Missouri River somewhere north of Kansas City , Missouri and Fort Leavenworth , Kansas from 1744 until about 1764 .
The Key Building ( formerly known as the Second National Bank Building ) is a high - rise building in Akron , Ohio , United States .
The 1440 Canal , also formerly known as the Tidewater Building and Tidewater Place , located at 1440 Canal Street in the Medical District of the Central Business District of New Orleans , Louisiana , is officially a 24-story , 288 feet ( 88 m)-tall high - rise building designed in the by Kessels - Diboll - Kessels .
The Curlew Valley is a 23-mile ( 37 km ) long valley located in north Utah on the northern border of the Great Salt Lake .
East Maitland railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales , Australia serving East Maitland .
Chadkirk Chapel is a redundant chapel near Romiley in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport in Greater Manchester , England .
Kalateh - ye Hasan Qoli ( Persian : كلاته حسنقلي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩasan Qolī ) is a village in Gholaman Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Quri Gol ( Persian : قوري گل‎ , also Romanized as Qūrī Gol ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pampa del Tamarugal National Reserve is a nature reserve of northern Chile 's Tarapacá Region located in the Pampa del Tamarugal , about 70 km ( 43 mi ) east of Iquique .
Navaly or Navaaly is a town in the Jaffna District of Sri Lanka and it is located about 8 km from Jaffna .
Briston is a village , civil parish and electoral ward in the English county of Norfolk .
The James Madison Museum located in Orange , Virginia is a museum dedicated to 4th President of the United States James Madison and his wife , Dolley Madison .
The Garrison Channel is one of several channels for boat traffic in and around the Port of Tampa in Tampa , Florida .
Agassiz National Wildlife Refuge is located in northwest Minnesota .
Surrey Memorial Hospital ( SMH ) is a publicly funded hospital in the city of Surrey , British Columbia , Canada .
Cabin Creek USFS Airport ( FAA LID : I08 ) is a public - use airport in Valley County , Idaho , United States .
The R702 road is a regional road in Ireland which runs west - east from the N10 at Coolgrange in County Kilkenny through Gowran before crossing into County Carlow at Goresbridge .
Didejan ( Persian : ديدجان‎ , also Romanized as Dīdejān ; also known as Dīdeh Jān ) is a village in Padena - ye Vosta Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dumanli ( Persian : دومانلي‎ , also Romanized as Dūmānlī ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Pałubice ( pawuˈbit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The City of Fremantle is a local government area in southern metropolitan Perth , Western Australia .
Lake Charles Regional Airport ( IATA : LCH , ICAO : KLCH , FAA LID : LCH ) is a public use airport located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) south of the central business district of Lake Charles , a city in Calcasieu Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Cape Preston is a rocky headland located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia and is situated 67 kilometres ( 42 mi ) West South West from Karratha .
Albatera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( alβaˈteɾa ) ) is a town and municipality located in the comarca of Vega Baja del Segura , in the province of Alicante , part of the Valencian Community , Spain .
Peabody - Burns Junior / Senior High School is a public high school in Peabody , Kansas , United States operated by Unified School District 398 , and serves students of grades 7 to 12 .
Nosrat ( Persian : نصرت‎ , also Romanized as Noşrat ) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Poet 's Seat Tower is a 1912 sandstone observation tower , located in Greenfield , Massachusetts .
The National Museum of Cambodia ( Khmer : សារមន្ទីរជាតិ ) in Phnom Penh is Cambodia 's largest museum of cultural history and is the country 's leading historical and archaeological museum .
The Gerald Ratner Athletics Center is a $ 51 million athletics facility within the University of Chicago campus in the Hyde Park community area on the South Side of Chicago , Illinois in the United States .
Kheyrabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خيرآباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Prospect Street Historic District encompasses a residential area northeast located in New London , Connecticut .
Leiden ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈlɛi̯.də(n ) ) ; in English and archaic Dutch also Leyden ) is a city and municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland .
Keräntöjärvi is a small settler village in the northern part of Pajala Municipality , Sweden .
The Baseball Factory Field at UMBC is a baseball field located on the campus of the University of Maryland , Baltimore County in Catonsville , Maryland , United States .
Dolno ( ˈdɔlnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Culkein Stoer ( Scottish Gaelic : An Cùl - cinn ) is a remote former fishing village , centred on the Bay of Culkein , in Assynt in Sutherland , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
God 's Bible School and College is a non - denominational Bible college in Cincinnati , Ohio , founded in 1900 .
Galle is the administrative capital of Southern Province , Sri Lanka and is the district capital of Galle District .
Cido Arena is the largest multifunctional arena in Panevėžys , Lithuania .
Cobden Bridge is a major road bridge in Southampton , UK .
Tirta Gangga is a former royal palace in eastern Bali , Indonesia , about 5 kilometres from Karangasem , near Abang .
Castle Rock National Wildlife Refuge is 0.5 miles ( 0.80 km ) offshore from Crescent City in northern California .
The Koppelpoort is a medieval gate in the Dutch town Amersfoort .
Tut - e Chehreh ( Persian : توت چهره‎‎ , also Romanized as Tūt - e Chehreh ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Stockade Historic District is located in the northwest corner of Schenectady , New York , United States , on the banks of the Mohawk River .
TPC Boston is a private golf club located in Norton , Massachusetts , approximately 25 miles south of Boston .
KYIS ( 98.9 FM , `` 98.9 KISS FM '' ) is a hot adult contemporary radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Cumulus Media .
The Roman Catholic titular church of Santi Quirico e Giulitta ( Saints Quiricus and Julietta ) in Rome is named after a son and mother who were martyred in 304 AD in Tarsus .
Sunnyside Bathing Pavilion is a landmark public pavilion in the Sunnyside lakefront area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Tamdibulok ( sometimes written Tamdibulak , Tamdybulak , or Tomdibuloq ) is a town and seat of Tamdy District in Navoiy Region in Uzbekistan .
Jupar ( Persian : جوپار‎ , also Romanized as Jūpār ) is a city in Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The American Sign Museum in Cincinnati , Ohio , preserves , archives , and displays a collection of signs .
Yeonsu District ( Yeonsu - gu ) is a district in southern Incheon , South Korea .
Niebrów ( ˈɲebruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Egg Harbor City School District is a comprehensive community public school district responsible for the education of children in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Egg Harbor City , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Brion Island ( French : Île Brion ) is a currently uninhabited island in the Magdalen Islands archipelago in the middle of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and part of the municipality of Grosse - Île , Gaspésie--
Marmat ( Persian : مرمت‎ ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Anaktuvuk Pass Airport ( IATA : AKP , ICAO : PAKP , FAA LID : AKP ) is a public use airport located in Anaktuvuk Pass , a city in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Audun - le - Roman ( Lorrain : Audeu , German : Welsch - Oth ) is a commune in the Meurthe - et - Moselle department in northeastern France .
The Charles Armstrong School , located in Belmont , California , is an independent , non - profit , co - educational lower and middle day school specializing in teaching students with language - based learning differences , such as dyslexia .
Charleston City Hall is a historic city hall located at Charleston , West Virginia .
Jamal Jahan ( Persian : جمال جهان‎ , also Romanized as Jamāl Jahān ) is a village in Tashan - e Gharbi Rural District , Tashan District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Schweinfurt ( in German literally ' swine ford ' ) is a city in the Lower Franconia region of Bavaria in Germany on the right bank of the navigable Main River , which is spanned by several bridges here , 27 km northeast of Würzburg .
Gifford Park is a historic neighborhood in midtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Młodawin Górny ( mwɔˈdavin ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Museum of Newport History is a history museum in the Old Brick Market building in the heart of Newport , Rhode Island , United States .
Bar Aftab - e Heydarqoli ( Persian : برافتاب حيدرقلي‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Ḩeydarqolī ; also known as Barāftāb ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qiling is a town under the jurisdiction of Wuhua County , Meizhou City , Guangdong Province , southern China .
Oseredek ( ɔsɛˈrɛdɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sameleh - ye Olya ( Persian : سامله عليا‎ , also Romanized as Sāmeleh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 144 , in 30 families .
Knappogue Castle ( Irish language : Caisleán na Cnapóige ) is a tower house , built in 1467 and expanded in the mid-19th century , located in the parish of Quin , County Clare , Ireland .
Mansuri - ye Jonubi ( Persian : منصوري جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Manşūrī - ye Jonūbī ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
KTUM ( 107.1 FM , `` 107.1 The Nerve '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve Tatum , New Mexico , USA .
Ledar ( Persian : لدار‎ , also Romanized as Ledār ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
ThunderRidge High School ( TRHS ) is a public high school serving the ninth through twelfth grade in Highlands Ranch , Colorado .
Siahrud Sar ( Persian : سياه رودسر‎ , also Romanized as Sīāhrūd Sar ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kulatan ( Persian : كولاتان‎ , also Romanized as Kūlātān ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kipling Collegiate Institute ( Kipling CI , KCI , or Kipling ) is a public high school in the Etobicoke area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada under the management of the Etobicoke Board of Education ( now merged into the Toronto District School Board ) since 1960 .
Apsiou ( Greek : Αψιού ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 2 km east of Gerasa .
Tayab ( Persian : تاياب‎ , also Romanized as Tāyāb ) is a village in Shurab Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
W. Erskine Johnston Public School is an elementary public school in the suburb of Kanata , in the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Fort Massac ( or Fort Massiac ) is a colonial and early National - era fort on the Ohio River in Massac County , Illinois , United States .
Auckland Castle , also known as Auckland Palace and locally as the Bishop 's Castle or Bishop 's Palace , is located in Bishop Auckland , its neighbouring town in County Durham , England .
Lindale High School ( also called Lindale High , LHS or simply Lindale ) is a public secondary school located in the Northeast Texas town of Lindale .
Kuczki ( ˈkut͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Qabaleh Kandi ( Persian : قباله كندي‎ , also Romanized as Qabāleh Kandī ; also known as Qabāleh ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Szklarska Poręba ( ˈʂklarska pɔˈrɛmba ) ( German : Schreiberhau ) is a town in Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Municipal District of Opportunity No . 17 is a municipal district occupying a large remote area in central northern Alberta , Canada .
The Ipswich River Wildlife Sanctuary , which is the Massachusetts Audubon Society 's largest wildlife sanctuary , is located in Topsfield and Wenham , Massachusetts .
The Van Brunt House ( also known as the Morris House ) is a historic home in Miccosukee , northeastern Leon County , Florida , US .
Dogoše ( pronounced ( dɔˈɡoːʃɛ ) ) is a village and a suburb of Maribor on the right bank of the Drava River in northeastern Slovenia in the Municipality of Maribor .
Longdowns is a village in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Dalsinghsarai ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( Hindi : दलसिंहसराय विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) was an assembly constituency in Samastipur district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Elizabeth Place , or the Henry Bond Fargo House , is a historic residence in Geneva , Illinois in the Mission Revival style .
Smarchowice Śląskie ( smarxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ ) ( German Windisch - Marchwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Müeterlishorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps , overlooking the Göscheneralpsee in the canton of Uri .
The Congregational Church , or the First Church of Monson is a historic church located in Monson , Massachusetts that is currently affiliated with the United Church of Christ .
Modlany is situated between the two cities of Teplice and Ústí nad Labem in the Teplice District .
Nowy Dęblin ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈdɛmblin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hraničná ( German : Markhausen ) is a district of the town of Kraslice in Sokolov District , Czech Republic .
The Gowan Block , also known as the Masonic Block , was built as a commercial building and meeting hall located at 416 Ashmun Street in Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan .
Otmianowo ( ɔtmjaˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Ottmenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Aleth Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Pierre d'Aleth ) was the cathedral of the Roman Catholic diocese of Aleth , now Saint - Servan in Saint - Malo , Brittany .
Vodskov is a village near Aalborg in southern Vendsyssel with a population of 4,371 ( 1 January 2014 ) in Vodskov parish , Aalborg Municipality .
Menzieshill is an area of the city of Dundee , Scotland .
Zhuhai ( /ˈdʒuːˈhaɪ/ , Chinese : 珠海 ; pinyin : Zhūhǎi ) is a prefecture - level city on the southern coast of Guangdong province in China .
Caerfarchell ( Welsh pronunciation : ( kaɪrvɑːrxɛɬ ) ) is a small village in Pembrokeshire , Wales , located 3 miles east of St Davids .
The Owens River Gorge is a steep 10 mi ( 16 km ) canyon on the upper Owens River in eastern California in the United States .
WestShore Plaza is an enclosed shopping mall located in the Westshore business district of Tampa , Florida , developed by Albert L. Manley of Boston , MA .
The Hitchcock Ichnological Cabinet is a collection of fossil footmarks assembled between 1836 and 1865 by Edward Hitchcock ( 1793 - -1864 ) , noted American geologist , state geologist of Massachusetts , USA , and President of Amherst College .
Princeton Community High School is a four - year comprehensive secondary school in Princeton , Indiana .
Horndon - on - the - Hill is a village and Church of England parish in the unitary authority of Thurrock , in the county of Essex , England .
Paskeh ( Persian : پاسكه‎ , also Romanized as Pāskeh ; also known as Bālā Pāsgeh , Dasht - e Bījār , and Pāsgeh ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ju Jun ( Chinese : 橘郡 ; pinyin : Jú jùn ; literally : `` Orange County '' ) refers to a $ 60 million , 143-unit housing development situated about one hour north of Beijing , China , consisting entirely of expensive American - style townhouses and tract homes , decorated and furnished with American products .
Lestima is a village in Märjamaa Parish , Rapla County in western Estonia , on the right ( east ) bank of the Teenuse River .
Cardiff State Beach is a protected beach in the state park system of California , USA , located near San Diego .
Bosilitsa ( Bulgarian : Босилица ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
The William Hovell Dam is a rock and earth - fill embankment dam with a flip bucket chute spillway across the King River , located in the Hume region of Victoria , Australia .
Abert Rim in Lake County , Oregon is one of the highest fault scarps in the United States .
Esmailband ( Persian : اسماعيل بند‎ , also Romanized as Esmā``īlband ; also known as Qal``eh - ye Esmā``īl Band ) is a village in Aviz Rural District , in the Central District of Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Joseph D. Oliver House , also known as Copshaholm , sits on 808 W. Washington Street , at the corner of Chapin Street in South Bend , Indiana .
Center for the Arts Eagle Rock , formerly known as the Eagle Rock Branch Library and the Eagle Rock Community Cultural Center , is a historic Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival style building in Eagle Rock , in north - central Los Angeles County , California .
Santa Croce in Via Flaminia is a basilica church dedicated to the Holy Cross on the Via Flaminia in Rome , Italy .
CJSU - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a mix of 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s hits with some current hot adult contemporary singles at 89.7 FM in Duncan , British Columbia .
According to research by Fundação Dom Cabral , Rio Grande do Norte is the second state with the best infrastructure in the Northeast Region and ninth in the country .
The Mapes Hotel was a hotel and casino located in Reno , Nevada , next to the Truckee River on Virginia Street .
Silifke ( Greek : Σελεύκεια , Seleukeia , Latin : Seleucia ad Calycadnum ) is a town and district in south - central Mersin Province , Turkey , 80 km ( 50 mi ) west of the city of Mersin , on the west end of Çukurova .
Nong Faek ( Thai : หนองแฝก ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Saraphi District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Dobrzewino ( dɔbʐɛˈvinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Norwood Methodist Episcopal Church ( Methodist Church Among the Maples ) is a historic church at Hill and Union Streets in Norwood , Minnesota .
Spencer Butte is a prominent landmark in Lane County , Oregon , United States , on the southern edge of Eugene , with an elevation of 2,058 feet ( 627 m ) .
Øvre Pasvik Landscape Protection Area ( Norwegian : Øvre Pasvik landskapsvernområde ) , is located in Pasvikdalen in the municipality of Sør - Varanger in Finnmark , Norway .
The Village of Pouce Coupe ( pronunciation : /puːsˈkuːpi/ ; French for `` cut thumb '' ) is a small town in northeastern British Columbia , Canada , and a member municipality of the Peace River Regional District .
Shepway is a local government district in Kent , England which takes up the south - east corner of the county .
Ratchaprasong ( Thai : ราชประสงค์ , pronounced ( râːt.t͡ɕʰā.prā.sǒŋ ) , also written Rajprasong ) is the name of an intersection , and a shopping district named after it , in Pathum Wan District , Bangkok , adjacent to Siam area .
Chal Raki ( Persian : چال راكي‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Rāḵī ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Biltmore - Oteen Bank Building is a historic bank building located at Biltmore Village , Asheville , Buncombe County , North Carolina .
The Wallaman Falls , a cascade and horsetail waterfall on the Stony Creek , is located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Wet Tropics in the northern region of Queensland , Australia .
Osidda ( Sardinian : Osidde ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northwest of Nuoro .
Llanelly House ( also spelled Llanelli House ) is one of the most notable historic properties in Llanelli , Carmarthenshire , Wales -- an excellent example of an early-18th - century Georgian town house .
San Donato Val di Comino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio , located in the Comino Valley about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) east of Rome and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of Frosinone .
The Francis M. Stafford House is a historic house located at 102 Broadway Street in Paintsville , Kentucky , United States .
Hotel Kenmore Hall is a 22-story single room occupancy hotel located at 145 East 23rd Street in the Gramercy section of Manhattan , designed by architect Maurice Deutsch and constructed in 1927 .
Priory Church of St. Mary , Bridlington , grid reference TA177680 , commonly known as Bridlington Priory Church is a parish church in Bridlington , East Riding of Yorkshire , England , in the Diocese of York .
Hudson Bay Mountain is an ultra prominent peak located above Smithers , British Columbia , Canada .
Steward Observatory is the research arm of the Department of Astronomy at the University of Arizona ( UA ) .
The James Bay Project ( in French , projet de la Baie - James ) refers to the construction by state - owned utility Hydro - Québec of a series of hydroelectric power stations on the La Grande River in northwestern Quebec , Canada , and the diversion of neighbouring rivers into the La Grande watershed .
Bojmie ( ˈbɔi̯mjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Byham Theater is a landmark building at 101 Sixth Street in the Cultural District of Downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
WLOR ( 1550 AM , `` Sunny 98 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Huntsville , Alabama , USA , that serves the greater Tennessee Valley area .
Lac des Mille Lacs is a lake in the western part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Beeley is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of northern Derbyshire , near Bakewell .
Pułazie - Świerże ( puˈwaʑɛ ˈɕfjɛrʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Port Arthur Refinery is an oil refinery located in Port Arthur , Texas .
Mill Park Secondary College is located in , Victoria , Australia with its Junior Campus located on Moorhead Drive Mill Park and its senior campus is located in on Civic Drive , Epping .
Białe - Zieje ( ˈbjawɛ ˈʑejɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pipe , Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in the Town of Calumet in Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin , United States .
Ayr / Sargeant Private Airfield , ( TC LID : CAY5 ) , is located 2.6 nautical miles ( 4.8 km ; 3.0 mi ) northwest of Ayr , Ontario , Canada .
Las Plassas , Is Pratzas or Is Platzas in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 miles ) north of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) northeast of Sanluri .
Gil - e Musha ( Persian : گيل موشا‎ , also Romanized as Gīl - e Mūshā ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Beijing Railway Station ( simplified Chinese : 北京火车站 ; traditional Chinese : 北京火車站 ; pinyin : Běijīng Huǒchēzhàn ) , or simply Beijing Station ( Chinese : 北京站 ; pinyin : Běijīngzhàn ) , is a passenger railway station in Dongcheng District , Beijing .
Beslen ( Bulgarian : Беслен ) is a village in Hadzhidimovo Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , Bulgaria .
Cabin John Middle School , colloquially known as CJMS , is a public school for students in grades 6 , 7 and 8 located in Potomac , Maryland .
Nowe Kobiałki ( ˈnɔvɛ kɔˈbjau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Mary Pappert School of Music is one of the ten degree - granting divisions that comprise Duquesne University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Presidio San Luis de las Amarillas , now better known as Presidio of San Sabá , was founded in April 1757 near present day Menard , Texas , United States to protect the Mission Santa Cruz de San Sabá , established at the same time .
Khiaraj ( Persian : خيارج‎ , also Romanized as Khīāraj and Khīyaraj ) is a village in Ramand - e Jonubi Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Westhampton Beach High School is a public four - year high school for grades 9 - -12 in Westhampton Beach , New York , which is located at the southeastern end of Suffolk county on Long Island .
Lovech Province ( Bulgarian : Област Ловеч , transliterated Oblast Lovech , former name Lovech okrug ) is one of the 28 provinces of Bulgaria , lying at the northern centre of the country .
Kusheh Nama ( Persian : كوشه نما‎ , also Romanized as Kūsheh Namā ) is a village in Barkuh Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ramapo Mountains are a forested chain of the Appalachian Mountains in northeastern New Jersey and southeastern New York , in the United States .
East Boston High School is a public high school located in the neighborhood of East Boston in Boston , Massachusetts .
Litun - e Ajam ( Persian : ليطون اجم‎ , also Romanized as Līṭūn - e Ājam ) is a village in Ajam Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nadr ( Persian : ندر‎‎ , also Romanized as Nadar ) is a village in Nanur Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tahdziú Municipality ( Yucatec Maya : `` place of the strong Tziu bird '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 53.65 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 145 kilometres ( 90 mi ) southeast of the city of Mérida .
Mato Queimado is a Brazilian municipality located in the northwestern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Llanfynydd is a village , parish and community in Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Landmark Place is the tallest building in downtown Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , at the corner of Main Street East and Catharine Street South in the Corktown / Stinson neighbourhood .
The Johnson Street Bridge is a bascule bridge that spans the harbour of Victoria , British Columbia .
St Peter , Westcheap , sometimes known simply as `` St Peter Cheap '' , was a parish church in the City of London .
Sliven Province ( Bulgarian : Област Сливен Oblast Sliven , former name Sliven okrug ) is a province in southeastern Bulgaria , named after its administrative and industrial centre -- the city of Sliven .
Gould Mansion Complex is a historic home and national historic district located at Lyons Falls in Lewis County , New York .
The Grenfell fossil site is a paleontological site of late Devonian age in the central west of New South Wales , Australia .
Filstroff ( German : Filsdorf ; Lorraine Franconian : Félschtroff ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Wrecclesham is a village on the southern outskirts of the large town of Farnham in Surrey , England .
Salorno ( German : Salurn ) is the southernmost comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southwest of the city of Bolzano .
Scarborough Van Assembly was a General Motors Canada plant in Scarborough , Ontario , which opened in 1952 .
North Queensferry is a village in Fife , Scotland , on the Firth of Forth , between the Forth Bridge and the Forth Road Bridge , and 10 miles ( 16.1 km ) from Edinburgh .
Brook Road Academy is a private , nontraditional school in Richmond , Virginia , United States .
The United States Capitol rotunda is the central rotunda of the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C ..
Varezg ( Persian : وارزگ‎ , also Romanized as Vārezg ; also known as Verzeg , Verezg , Vārīz , Vārzan , Vorzg , and Wārīz ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ziarat Mowla ( Persian : زيارت مولا‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat Mowlá ; also known as Khar Bandān and Kharbandavān ) is a village in Gurband Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Johnston Community College ( JCC ) is a public , two - year , post - secondary college located at 245 College Road , Smithfield , North Carolina , USA .
Shakhtan ( Persian : شختان‎ , also Romanized as Shakhtān ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Columbia Center Mall is a shopping mall located in northwestern Kennewick , Washington , owned by Simon Property Group .
Kalamunda Senior High School is a government , co - educational , secondary day school located in Kalamunda , a suburb east of Perth , Western Australia .
Thorhild County is a municipal district located in the central part of northern Alberta , Canada in Census Division 13 .
Wilson - Tuscarora State Park is a New York state park in Niagara County , New York , U.S. on the west side of the Village of Wilson .
Thessaly ( Greek : Θεσσαλία , Thessalía ; ancient Thessalian : Πετθαλία , Petthalía ) is a traditional geographic and modern administrative region of Greece , comprising most of the ancient region of the same name .
Sabati ( Persian : ثابتي‎ , also Romanized as S̱ābatī ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WMXU ( 106.1 FM , `` Mix 106.1 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Starkville , Mississippi , and serving the Columbus , Mississippi area .
The Fitchburg Railroad is a former railroad company , which built a railroad line across northern Massachusetts , United States , leading to and through the Hoosac Tunnel .
Flatbush Avenue is one of the major avenues in the New York City Borough of Brooklyn .
Houston Gulf Airport ( IATA : SPX , ICAO : KSPX , FAA LID : SPX ) was a single - runway airport located in eastern League City , Texas , United States .
Wołkowyja ( vɔu̯kɔˈvɨja ) ( Ukrainian : Вовковия , Vovkovyya ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Grecian Shelter , also known as Croquet Shelter , is a peristyle with Corinthian columns near the southern edge of Prospect Park in Brooklyn , New York .
Tofino / Long Beach Airport , ( IATA : YAZ , ICAO : CYAZ ) , is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) southeast of Tofino , British Columbia , Canada .
Cacalchén Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` place of the well with two mouths '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 76.64 km2 ) of land and located roughly 40 km east of the city of Mérida .
Kolonia Klementowice ( kɔˈlɔɲa klɛmɛntɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Oldany Island ( formerly Oldney Island ) is an uninhabited island in Assynt , Sutherland , north - west Scotland .
The Mall at Whitney Field , formerly Searstown Mall , is an enclosed shopping center located off of Route 2 near the junction with Interstate 190 in Leominster , Massachusetts , United States .
Waterford Hills Road Racing Track is a road course automobile racing facility located near Clarkston and Waterford , Michigan , USA .
The Flatotel Hotel was a 289-room apartment - style business hotel in New York City .
The Sylvania Mountains Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located 30 miles ( 48 km ) east of Bishop in the state of California .
Kilconnell ( Irish : Cill Chonaill , meaning `` St Conal 's church '' ) is a small rural village in County Galway , Ireland .
The Abri de la Madeleine ( The Magdalene shelter ) is a prehistoric shelter under an overhanging cliff situated near Tursac , in the Dordogne département and the Aquitaine Région of South - Western France .
The Waputik Icefield is located on the Continental divide in the Canadian Rocky Mountains , in the provinces of British Columbia and Alberta .
Mount Bowlen is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia and forms part of the Valley of the Ten Peaks .
Custóias is a former civil parish in the municipality of Matosinhos in the Greater Porto area , Portugal .
Stagecoach Ballroom is one of the oldest night club , dancehall , ballroom , and/or honky - tonk venues in the state of Texas .
Shurab - e Tork ( Persian : شوراب ترك‎ , also Romanized as Shūrāb - e Tork ; also known as Shūr Āb ) is a village in Bakesh - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Święcino ( ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Schwetzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wasserbourg ( Alemannic German : Wàsserburig ; German : Wasserburg ) is a communes in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Shahganj is a city and a municipal board in Jaunpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Nakh Ab ( Persian : نخاب‎ , also Romanized as Nakh Āb ) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District , in the Central District of Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lake Bill Waller is a 168-acre man - made lake , named for a former governor of Mississippi , William Lowe `` Bill '' Waller , Senior .
Cincinnati Christian Schools is a private , Christian school near Fairfield , Ohio .
Bruern or Bruern Abbey is a hamlet and civil parish on the River Evenlode about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) north of Burford in West Oxfordshire .
Jošje ( Cyrillic : Јошје ) is a village in the municipality of Kladanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Locust Creek Covered Bridge State Historic Site is a publicly owned property in Linn County , Missouri , maintained as a state historic site by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources .
Khaybullinsky District ( Russian : Хайбулли́нский райо́н ; Bashkir : Хәйбулла районы ) an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Bonkuy - e Askari ( Persian : بنكوي عسكري‎‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e `` Askarī ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Trękus ( ˈtrɛnkus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Twyn - yr - Odyn is a hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan , southeast Wales , just beyond the territorial border of western Cardiff .
São Domingos de Rana ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w̃ duˈmĩɡuʃ dɨ ˈʁɐnɐ ) ) is a civil parish of the Portuguese municipality of Cascais , part of the Greater Lisbon subregion .
McKinnan Gulch is a valley in Marin County , California , United States .
Burwash Landing is a small community , at historical mile 1093 on the Alaska Highway , in Yukon , Canada along the southern shore of Kluane Lake .
Levenshulme South railway station was a railway station located in Levenshulme , Manchester .
The Rockton World 's Fair is an annual Thanksgiving weekend tradition in Flamborough , Ontario , near Hamilton .
Child of the Sun , also known as the Florida Southern College Architectural District is a group of buildings designed for the campus of the Florida Southern College in Lakeland , Florida , USA , by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright from 1941 through 1958 .
Kataf - e Nashalil ( Persian : كتف ناشليل‎ , also Romanized as Kataf - e Nāshalīl ; also known as Keft - e Nāshalīl ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Restenneth Priory was a monastic house of Augustinian canons founded by Jedburgh Abbey , with the patronage of King Malcolm IV of Scotland , in 1153 .
Inland Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on the southeast side of Powell Lake , just to the northeast of the city of Powell River in that province 's northern Sunshine Coast region .
Cannon Air Force Base is a United States Air Force Base , located approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) southwest of Clovis , New Mexico .
Kudlicze ( kuˈdlʲit͡ʂɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Куделичі , Kudelychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Government Peak Wilderness is a 6,313-acre ( 2,555 ha ) wilderness area in the northern part of the Snake Range of White Pine County , in the U.S. state of Nevada .
Uhnin ( ˈuxnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowa Kłoda , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dragomilje ( Serbian : Драгомиље ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Box Hill Town Hall is a landmark civic building located ( at 37.8191 ° S 145.1266 ° E ) on Whitehorse Road , Box Hill , Victoria , Australia .
Darien Lake is a theme park resort located in Darien , New York , United States .
Dubnica Kurpiowska ( dubˈnit͡sa kurˈpjɔfska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
CSK ZSU Stadium ( Ukrainian : Стадіон ЦСК ЗСУ ) is a multi - use stadium in Kiev , Ukraine .
Lavar Khesht ( Persian : لاورخشت‎ , also Romanized as Lāvar Khesht ) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District , Eshkanan District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bądkowo - Rochny ( bɔntˈkɔvɔ ˈrɔxnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dr. Robert Walter Johnson House and Tennis Court is a historic home and tennis court in Lynchburg , Virginia , United States , that was built in 1911 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002 .
The Ludwig Forum für Internationale Kunst is a museum of modern art in Aachen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Mount Hurd is a Canadian mountain in the Ottertail Range of the Rocky Mountains in British Columbia .
Faro / Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CFC9 ) was located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Faro , Yukon , Canada and was open annually from May 2 until October 20 due to ice .
Tappen Park is a small park and square in the Stapleton neighborhood of Staten Island , New York .
Zêkog County ( Standard Tibetan : རྩེ་ཁོག་ , Wylie : rtse khog ; Chinese : 泽库县 ; pinyin : Zékù Xiàn ) is the second largest administrative subdivision by area within Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province , China .
Bardaru ( Persian : بردرو‎ , also Romanized as Bardarū ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Naval Radio Section Aldergrove , or NRS Aldergrove , is a Canadian Forces naval radio communications facility located in both Aldergrove and Matsqui , British Columbia .
Raftagi ( Persian : رفتگي‎ , also Romanized as Raftagī ; also known as Raftakī , Rafteh Keh , and Raftekeh ) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District , Mirza Kuchek Janghli District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Carnegie Museum of Art , located in the Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , is an art museum founded in 1895 by the Pittsburgh - based industrialist Andrew Carnegie .
Radisson School , originally Radisson Elementary School , is a school that is part of River East Transcona School Division in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The William Tully House , also known as Hartsease or Heartsease , is a historic house at 135 North Cove Road in Old Saybrook , Connecticut .
Afonso de Albuquerque Square ( Portuguese : Praça Afonso de Albuquerque ) is a public square in the Belém district of the city of Lisbon , Portugal .
The Magdalena Mountains are a regionally high , mountain range in Socorro County , in west - central New Mexico in the southwestern United States .
Mount Verstovia is a colloquially referred to 2,550 foot ( 777 meter ) mountain southwest of downtown Sitka , Alaska on Baranof Island which , according USGS maps , is really an unnamed peak .
Chotynia ( xɔˈtɨɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The South Worcester Branch Library is a historic former library building at 705 Southbridge Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Wild West World was a Wild West theme park in Park City , Kansas that opened on May 5 , 2007 and closed on July 9 , 2007 .
Ilani ( Persian : ايلاني‎ , also Romanized as Īlānī ) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Chiesa di San Giuliano ( St Julian ) , commonly called San Zulian in the Venetian dialect , is a church in Venice .
Khaneh - ye Hay Khvasti ( Persian : خانه هاي خواستي‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh - ye Hāy Khvāstī ; also known as Khāneh Khvāstī ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Charles B. Holt House is a rock house in Charlottesville , Virginia , United States .
Canterbury Shaker Village is a historic site and museum in Canterbury , New Hampshire , United States .
Ban Pa ( Thai : บ้านป่า ) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
The Highland Park Dentzel Carousel and Shelter Building is a carousel and building in Highland Park in Meridian , Mississippi .
KKCB ( 105.1 FM , `` B105 '' ) is a radio station in Duluth , Minnesota , owned by Townsquare Media , airing a country music format .
Pesalai ( Tamil : பேசாலை ) is a primarily a fishing village situated north - west of the island of Mannar in the Mannar District of Sri Lanka .
The Mill River Fun Park is a Canadian amusement park located in Mill River , Prince Edward Island .
Ełk County ( Polish : powiat ełcki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
The William Boggs Farm is located in the Back Creek Valley of Berkeley County , West Virginia ner Hedgesville .
Gondek - e Seh ( Persian : گندك سه‎ ; also known as Kondek - e Seh ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jungnang District ( Jungnang - gu ) is one of the 25 gu , or districts , of Seoul , South Korea .
The Church of St. Francis of Assisi is a parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York , and is located at 135 - -139 West 31st Street , Manhattan , New York City .
Qinglongqiao Railway Station ( commonly known as Ching - lung - chiao railway station ) is a station of Jingbao Railway in Beijing .
Kujakowice Górne ( kujakɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) ( German : Ober Kunzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Poshtuiyeh ( Persian : پشتويه‎ , also Romanized as Poshtūīyeh ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khanom Bala Kandi ( Persian : خانم بالاكندي‎ , also Romanized as Khānom Bālā Kandī ; also known as Tak Bolāgh - e Qeşr ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
West Cape Howe National Park is a national park in Western Australia ( Australia ) , 390 kilometres ( 240 mi ) southeast of Perth .
Tuyuqchi ( Persian : طويوقچي‎ , also Romanized as Ţūyūqchī ; also known as Ţopoqchī ) is a village in Dodangeh - ye Olya Rural District , Ziaabad District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Nalžovské Hory is a town of Klatovy District within the Plzeň region of the Czech Republic .
Pruitt Field is a field hockey field located in Athens , Ohio on the campus of Ohio University .
Czachy - Kołaki ( ˈt͡ʂaxɨ kɔˈwaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kaftin ( Arabic : كفتين‎ , also spelled Keftin or Kaftayn ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Idlib Governorate , located northwest of Idlib .
Khoshkeh Darreh ( Persian : خشكه دره‎‎ ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
San Giovanni in Persiceto ( from 1912 to 1927 : Persiceto for anticlerical spirit ; Bolognese : San Žvan ) is a town and comune in the Province of Bologna , northern Italy .
Czerteż ( ˈt͡ʂɛrtɛs ) ( Ukrainian : Чертіж , Chertizh ; Rusyn : Чертеж , Chertezh ) is a village in East Małopolska in the Lesser Beskid mountains , in the district called Gmina Sanok .
Sachun ( Persian : ساچون‎ , also Romanized as Sāchūn and Sachoon ; also known as Sāchūm ) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Santana de Parnaíba is a city and municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Totkuh ( Persian : تتكوه‎ , also Romanized as Totkūh ) is a village in Gohreh Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bon Kel ( Persian : بنكل‎ ) is a village in Hudian Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ajand ( Persian : اجند‎ , also Romanized as Ājand ; also known as Ājan and Ājand Chūpān Boneh ) is a village in Mehravan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
WJMR - FM ( 98.3 FM ) is an urban adult contemporary radio station serving the Milwaukee , Wisconsin , area .
PRR 4859 is a GG1-class electric locomotive located in the Harrisburg Transportation Center in Harrisburg in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
The Barcaldine Power Station is a combined - cycle power station in Barcaldine , Queensland .
Logrezana ( variant : Llorgozana ) is one of 12 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Carreño , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Parede ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ dɐ pɐˈɾedɨ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Cascais , Portugal .
Plessenburg is a village in the borough of Ilsenburg in the Harz National Park , in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Tropy Elbląskie ( ˈtrɔpɨ ɛlˈblɔ̃skʲɛ ) ( German : Troop ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
West Wickham railway station serves West Wickham in the London Borough of Bromley .
Ruy Gach ( Persian : روي گچ‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūy Gach ) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Manjil ( Persian : منجيل‎‎ , also Romanized as Manjīl and Menjīl ) is a city in the Central District of Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Yusefabad - e Ghaffari ( Persian : يوسف ابادغفاري‎ , also Romanized as Yūsefābād - e Ghaffārī ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Gorizan ( Persian : گريزان‎ , also Romanized as Gorīzān ) is a village in Rahgan Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bovisio - Masciago ( Buis e Masciagh in dialect of Brianza ) , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of Milan .
Lesachtal ( Slovene : Lesna dolina ) is a municipality in Hermagor District , in the Austrian state of Carinthia .
Abdol Rahman Safarzayi ( Persian : عبدالرحمان صفرزائي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbdol Raḩmān Şafarzāyī ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ab Kuleh Sar - e Kuchak ( Persian : ابكوله سركوچك‎ , also Romanized as Āb Kūleh Sar - e Kūchak ; also known as Āb Kalleh Sar - e Kūchak ) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KPXQ ( 1360 AM ) is a Christian radio station owned by Salem Communications in Phoenix , Arizona , USA .
The White Rock Mountains are a north - northwest trending mountain range located in eastern Lincoln County , Nevada with the eastern slopes of the range extending into Beaver and Iron counties of Utah .
Chinnakuyili is a small village situated in Coimbatore district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India ( Bharat ) .
Area code 585 is a state of New York telephone area code .
Sir Alexander Mackenzie Senior Public School is a senior middle school ( grades 7 and 8) located in Agincourt , Toronto , Ontario .
Spital Tongues is a historic area of Newcastle upon Tyne , located north west of the city centre .
Nellore district ( officially : Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district ) , located in Coastal Andhra region , is one of the 13 districts of Andhra Pradesh .
Cape Henlopen State Park is a Delaware state park on 5,193 acres ( 2,102 ha ) on Cape Henlopen in Sussex County , Delaware , in the United States .
The Warren Alpert Medical School ( formerly known as Brown Medical School , previously known as Brown University School of Medicine ) is the medical school of Brown University , located in Providence , Rhode Island , United States .
Jan Hus Presbyterian Church , located at 351 East 74th Street , New York , New York , in Manhattan 's Upper East Side , is a congregation associated with the Presbyterian Church USA .
Kovil Sanna Puram ( Tamil : கோவில்சன்னபுரம் ) ) is a village in the Thiruvidaimarudur taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , in India .
MacArthur Park Raceway was a nationally recognized ½-mile paved asphalt two and four - cycle kart racing sprint track with nine turns in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Mayian Dul ( Persian : مائين دول‎ , also Romanized as Māyīan Dūl ; also known as Mādīān Dūl ) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Blaschette ( Luxembourgish : Blaaschent , German : Blascheid ) is a small town in the commune of Lorentzweiler , in central Luxembourg .
Rudheath is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , in the north west of England , approximately 2 miles east of Northwich .
Sarab - e Shahini ( Persian : سراب شاهيني‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Shāhīnī ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ruth MacMillan Centre is a school in Greater Sudbury , Ontario for students in kindergarten through grade 8 who have mental health needs .
Przepiórów ( pʂɛˈpjuruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sânzieni ( Hungarian : Kézdiszentlélek , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkeːzdisɛntleːlɛk ) ) is a commune in Covasna County , Transylvania , Romania composed of four villages :
Spartanburg Community College ( SCC ) ( Formerly Spartanburg Technical College or Spartanburg Tech ) , is a public , suburban , two - year comprehensive , open - admission institution of higher education serving the citizens of Spartanburg , Cherokee , and Union counties in Upstate South Carolina .
Lake Conine is a natural freshwater lake on the north side of Winter Haven , Florida .
The Engine Company 6 Fire Station is a former Hartford Fire Department firehouse located at 34 Huyshope Avenue in Hartford , Connecticut .
The Petroleum Building is a 50-meter/10-floor building at 420 South Boulder in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Scoggins Creek , formerly known as `` Scoggin Creek '' , is a 19-mile ( 31 km ) tributary of the Tualatin River in Tillamook and Washington counties in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Bécsi kapu ( in English Gate of Vienna ; Turkish : Beç Kapısı ; German : Wiener Tor ) is located at the Bécsi kapu square , Buda Castle , in 1st District , Budapest , Hungary .
Brent Cross is an area of north London , in the London Borough of Barnet .
Kifteh ( Persian : كيفته‎ , also Romanized as Kīfteh ; also known as Kīfleh ) is a village in Padena - ye Olya Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Wuhe County ( simplified Chinese : 五河县 ; traditional Chinese : 五河縣 ; pinyin : Wǔhé Xiàn ) is a county under the administration of the prefecture - level city Bengbu in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China .
Wilkes Regional Medical Center is a 130-bed , regional medical center in North Wilkesboro , North Carolina , that offers a full range of medical , surgical , rehabilitative , pathology , ophthalmology and behavioral health services .
Charu Gereh ( Persian : چروگره‎ , also Romanized as Charū Gereh ; also known as Charū Dareh ) is a village in Darb - e Gonbad Rural District , Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kolaabad ( Persian : كل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kolāābād ; also known as Kolāhābād and Qāsemābād ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Drutarnia ( druˈtarɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pavek Hall is the newest of the four high - rise residence halls on the campus of North Dakota State University ( NDSU ) in Fargo , ND .
Goleh Gadar ( Persian : گله گدار‎ , also Romanized as Goleh Gadār ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jełowa ( jɛˈwɔva ) ( German Jellowa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubniany , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Charlottesville Union Station , located in Charlottesville , Virginia , the county seat of Albemarle County , is served by Amtrak 's Cardinal , Crescent , and daily Northeast Regional passenger trains .
Falęcin Nowy ( faˈlɛnt͡ɕin ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pfeiffer - Redwood Creek is a stream in Big Sur , California , about 26 miles from Carmel .
Joint Base San Antonio ( JBSA ) is a United States military facility located in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Jablanići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јабланићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
KTHU is a commercial radio station located in Corning , California , broadcasting to the entire Sacramento Valley and surrounding areas on 100.7 FM .
Ironton Sintering Plant Complex is a group of buildings north of Crosby , Minnesota , United States , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
De Meern is a former town in the Dutch province of Utrecht .
Fardaq ( Persian : فاردق‎ , also Romanized as Fārdaq ; also known as Jalālābād , Jalīlābād , and Fārūq ) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District , in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Great Fire of 1922 was a wildfire burning through the Lesser Clay Belt in the Timiskaming District , Ontario , Canada , from October 4 to 5 , 1922 .
The École Spéciale d'Architecture is a private school for architecture at 254 , boulevard Raspail in Paris , France .
Hajj Khalil ( Persian : حاج خليل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Khalīl ; also known as Ḩājjī Khalīl ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The House at 5 Willow Court in Arlington , Massachusetts is a rare local example of Second Empire styling .
Rowan County Airport ( IATA : SRW , ICAO : KRUQ , FAA LID : RUQ ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Salisbury , a city in Rowan County , North Carolina , USA .
Upton Cressett Hall is a Elizabethan moated manor house in the village of Upton Cressett , Shropshire , England .
Sardrud - e Sofla Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سردرودسفلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Uncle Sam Memorial Statue is a statue commemorating Samuel Wilson , perhaps the original Uncle Sam , near his birthplace in the center of Arlington , Massachusetts , United States .
Elmvale Acres ( 2011 population : 3,280 ) is a neighbourhood in south Ottawa , Canada , located in Alta Vista Ward .
Erina High School is a high school located within the suburb of Erina , New South Wales on the Central Coast .
The historic Old Patent Office Building in Washington , D.C. covers an entire city block defined by F and G Streets and 7th and 9th Streets NW in Chinatown .
Wybicko ( vɨˈbit͡skɔ ) ( German : Beiershorst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chester Creek Historic District is a national historic district located along the west branch of Chester Creek at Thornbury Township , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
Clarissa C. Cook Library / Blue Ribbon News Building was located at 528 Brady Street , Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Fain Lake is a reservoir located near Prescott Valley in Yavapai County , North Central Arizona .
The Eglinton Theatre , ( or Eglinton Grand ) is an event venue and cinema in Toronto , Canada .
The Justice Samuel Freeman Miller House in Keokuk , Iowa , United States is an Italianate style home that was built in 1859 .
Krosno - Biadów ( ˈkrɔsnɔ ˈbjaduf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mszczuje ( ˈmʂt͡ʂujɛ ) ( German : Moorbrück ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Warpno , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Yedakadu ( also known as edakadu ) is a serene hamlet located in the Nilgiri Hills in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India .
Pokhran ( Hindi : पोखरण ) is a city and a municipality located in the Jaisalmer district of the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Gondamakar ( Persian : گندمكار‎ , also Romanized as Gondamaḵār ) was a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
John Oliver Secondary School is a public secondary school located in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , at East 41st Avenue and Fraser Street ( between the Vancouver neighbourhoods of Kensington - Cedar Cottage , Riley Park - Little Mountain and Sunset ) .
Silgerd ( Persian : سيلگرد‎ , also Romanized as Sīlgerd and Sīlgord ; also known as Mīlgerd and Selgerd ) is a village in Shoja Rural District , in the Central District of Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Shalehsiv ( Persian : شله سيو‎ , also Romanized as Shalehsīv ; also known as Shalehsīt ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Poręby Wolskie ( pɔˈrɛmbɨ ˈvɔlskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raniżów , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Jianguomen Station ( simplified Chinese : 建国门站 ; traditional Chinese : 建國門站 ; pinyin : Jiànguómén Zhàn ) is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 2 of the Beijing Subway at Jianguomen in Dongcheng District , Beijing .
Coddle Creek is a stream / river that rises near Mooresville in Iredell County , North Carolina .
Hamand Kilan ( Persian : همندكيلان‎ , also Romanized as Hamand Kīlān ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
James River Day School , or JRDS , is an independent , co - educational , non - sectarian K-8 day school in Lynchburg , Virginia .
Calthwaite is a small village in rural Cumbria , situated between the small market town of Penrith and the larger City of Carlisle .
Quelossim ( Konkani : केळशी ) is a village in Salcette Taluk , South Goa , India .
Fort Keogh is a former United States Army post located on the western edge of today 's Miles City , Montana .
The Tittabawassee River is a stream which flows in a generally southeasterly direction through the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Barton - le - Clay is a small town and a civil parish located in Bedfordshire , England .
Mozaffari - ye Jonubi ( Persian : مظفري جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Moz̧affarī - ye Jonūbī ; also known as Moz̧affarī ) is a village in Liravi - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Peninsula Fine Arts Center ( Pfac ) is an art center located in Newport News , Virginia and is associated with the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts .
Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center is an Orthodox congregation located at 347 West 34th Street , Manhattan , New York , in the Garment District , near Penn Station .
The Ferry Point International Bridge is an international bridge , which connects St. Stephen , New Brunswick in Canada and Calais , Maine in the United States , across the St. Croix River .
Pęcławice Górne ( pɛnt͡swaˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bezwola ( bɛzˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The National Indoor BMX Arena is an indoor BMX racing stadium , located in Sportcity , Manchester , UK .
The Indian Peaks Wilderness is a wilderness area in north central Colorado managed jointly by the United States Forest Service and the National Park Service within the Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests and small parts of the southern section of Rocky Mountain National Park .
Psary - Podłazy ( ˈpsarɨ pɔdˈwazɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
KBUL - FM is a commercial radio station located in Reno , Nevada , broadcasting to the Western Nevada and Lake Tahoe areas on 98.1 FM .
Oneilland ( from Irish : Uí Nialláin , meaning `` descendants of Nialláin '' ) is the name of a former barony in County Armagh , present - day Northern Ireland .
Kołuda Mała ( kɔˈwuda ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Albula Pass ( Romansh : Pass d'Alvra or Pass da l'Alvra , German : Albulapass ) ( el . 2315 m ) is a Swiss mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden .
Mills Mill was a textile mill in Greenville , South Carolina ( 1897 - 1978 ) that in the 21st century was converted into loft - style condominia .
Hither Green is a district in south - east London , England , located in the London Borough of Lewisham .
The Konza Prairie Biological Station is a 3,487-hectare ( 8,616 acre , 13.5 sq mi ) preserve of native tallgrass prairie in the Flint Hills of northeastern Kansas .
Kings Mall is a shopping centre in Hammersmith in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
The Agriculture Building is a historic state government office building located at Raleigh , Wake County , North Carolina .
Chahu - ye Gharbi ( Persian : چاهوغربي‎ , also Romanized as Chāhū - ye Gharbī and Chāhū Gharbī ; also known as Chāhū Qebleh ) is a village in Dulab Rural District , Shahab District , Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tirabgun ( Persian : تيرابگون‎ , also Romanized as Tīrābgūn ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Indus / Winters Aire Park Airport , ( TC LID : CFY4 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southwest of Indus , Alberta , Canada .
Mount Grafton is the high point of the southern section of the Schell Creek Range in southern White Pine County , in eastern Nevada in the western United States .
Jangal Deh - e Bala ( Persian : جنگلده بالا‎ , also Romanized as Jangal Deh - e Bālā ; also known as Jangal Deh ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Paier College of Art is a private 4-year art school in Hamden , Connecticut , on the outskirts of the greater New Haven area .
Wing Lung Wai ( Chinese : 永隆圍 ; literally : `` Perpetual Prosperity '' ) is a walled village located in the Kam Tin area of Yuen Long District , in Hong Kong .
The Red Cliffs National Conservation Area is a 44,724-acre ( 180.99 km2 ) National Conservation Area located in southwest Utah , north of St. George at the northeastern - most edge of the Mojave Desert .
Ua Pou Airport is an airport on Ua Pou in French Polynesia ( IATA : UAP , ICAO : NTMP ) .
Tabisar is a town and union council of Mianwali District , Punjab , Pakistan .
The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake occurred in Northern California on October 17 at 5:04 p.m. local time .
Golobrđe ( Serbian Cyrillic : Голобрђе ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Flantrowo ( flanˈtrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kanadi Budruk is a small village situated in the Ashti tehsil of the Beed district of Maharashtra .
Abajo Peak is the highest peak in the Abajo Mountains of southeast Utah , United States and is located in the Manti - La Sal National Forest .
Ivughli Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ايواوغلي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ivughli District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bon Keshkeh ( Persian : بن كشكه‎ , also Romanized as Bon Keshgeh ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Obszarniki ( ɔpʂarˈniki ) ( German : Abschermeningken , from 1938 - 45 Almental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Azamabad ( Persian : اعظم آباد‎ , also Romanized as A``zamābād and `` Az̧amābād ) is a village in Bilavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 216 , in 53 families .
The Voorhees Main Street Complex ( also known as the Voorhees Complex , Main Street Complex , or simply Main Street ) is a shopping center , banquet hall , residential , medical and business complex located in Voorhees , New Jersey , United States .
Upper Long Cane Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Abbeville , South Carolina , founded c , 1760 .
Arab Kandi ( Persian : عرب كندي‎ , also Romanized as ʿArab Kandī ) is a village in Avajiq - e Jonubi Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Nathaniel S. Wheeler House is a private residence located at 7075 M-50 ( known locally as West Monroe Street ) just north of the village of Onsted in rural Cambridge Township in Lenawee County , Michigan .
Mount Grace Land Conservation Trust , incorporated in 1986 , is a non - profit organization whose mission is the conservation of woodland and agricultural land in north central and western Massachusetts .
Vales Point Power Station is one of two coal fired power stations on the shores of Lake Macquarie , New South Wales .
Dehnow - e Shahsavar Khan ( Persian : دهنوشهسوارخان‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Shahsavār Khān ; also known as Deh - i - Nau , Dehnow , and Dehnow - e Shahsavārī ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gillis Centre , formerly Gillis College , is a complex of buildings situated close to the city centre of Edinburgh , Scotland .
The Banks is the name given to the current mixed - use project being developed on the land between Paul Brown Stadium and Great American Ball Park along the Ohio River in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Rang Raz ( Persian : رنگرز‎ ) is a village in Juqin Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Napiórki Butne ( naˈpjurki ˈbutnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Fricks Locks Historic District or more simply Frick 's Lock is an abandoned village , along the also abandoned Schuylkill Canal , in the northeast portion of East Coventry Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Midland Cemetery is a metropolitan cemetery in the suburb of Swan view in Perth , Western Australia .
Lee 's Diner is a stainless steel diner on U.S. Route 30 in West York , York County in Pennsylvania .
Kirkland Lake is a town and municipality located in Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Hackney Wick railway station is on the North London Line in the London Borough of Hackney , on the northern side of the boundary between Hackney and the London Borough of Tower Hamlets , in east London .
Old Newark Comprehensive School is a historic school building in Newark , Delaware .
Grafton State Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Grafton , Massachusetts that operated from 1901 to 1973 .
Vrådal , formerly spelled Wraadahl , is a village in Kviteseid municipality , Norway .
Lepingpu ( Chinese : 乐平铺镇 ) is a town in Chiping County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Pandikkad is a town near Manjeri in Malappuram district , Kerala State of India .
The King 's Bakery is a coquina stone structure in St. Augustine , Florida , built during the British colonial period in Florida ( 1763 - -1784 ) .
Westside Christian High School is a private Christian High School located in Tigard , Oregon , United States .
Antrona Schieranco is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Verbania , in a branch of the Val d'Ossola , on the border with Switzerland .
Lake Dolores Waterpark ( which also operated under the names Lake Dolores , Rock -- A -- Hoola Waterpark , and Discovery Waterpark ) is a defunct waterpark in Newberry Springs in the Mojave Desert of Southern California .
Chelsfield railway station is in the London Borough of Bromley , and serves the southern parts of the built - up area of Orpington - Chelsfield itself , and Green Street Green .
Dehkestan ( Persian : ده كستان‎ , also Romanized as Dehkestān ; also known as Dahkestān ) is a village in Bakhtajerd Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Heathmont College is a coeducational government secondary college located in Heathmont , Victoria .
Bishop Hill State Historic Site was the site of a utopian religious community founded in 1846 by Swedish pietist Eric Janson in Bishop Hill , Illinois .
The Bozeman Carnegie Library in Bozeman , Montana was built in 1903 - -1904 with funding from Andrew Carnegie .
Piding is located in the middle of the Landkreis Berchtesgadener Land .
Krzyżanowice Średnie ( kʂɨʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Het Kuipje ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ət ˈkœy̯pjə ) ) is a multi - use stadium in Westerlo , Belgium .
The Centreville Armory in Centreville , Maryland , is part of a series of Maryland National Guard armories built in the 1920s in principal towns in Maryland .
Aroor is a census town in Alappuzha district and it is a suburb of Kochi in the state of Kerala , India .
Sendan ( Persian : سندان‎ , also Romanized as Sendān ) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Summerlin Parkway is a freeway in the western portion of the City of Las Vegas , Nevada , connecting U.S. Route 95 ( US 95 ) to Clark County Route 215 ( CC 215 ) .
WMBX ( 102.3 FM , `` R&B X 102.3 '' ) is a radio station serving the West Palm Beach , Florida and Port St. Lucie , Florida areas , broadcasting an Urban Adult Contemporary format .
Paranda Tahsil is a tahsil ( subdistrict ) in Osmanabad district , Marathwada region in Maharashtra on Deccan Plateau of India .
The Tacoma Public Library system serves residents of Tacoma , Washington .
Mościska Duże ( mɔɕˈt͡ɕiska ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pengze County ( Chinese : 彭泽县 ) is a county under Jiujiang City in Jiangxi Province , China .
Mirattunilai ( Tamil : மிரட்டுநிலை ) is a village in the Arimalam revenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Yedikule Fortress ( Turkish : Yedikule Hisarı or Yedikule Zindanları ; meaning `` Fortress / Dungeons of the Seven Towers '' ) is located in the Yedikule neighbourhood of Fatih , Istanbul , Turkey .
The National Museum of Nuclear Science & History ( formerly named National Atomic Museum ) is a national repository of nuclear science information chartered by the 102nd United States Congress under Public Law 102 - 190 , and located in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Humniska ( xumˈɲiska ) ( Ukrainian : Гумниська , Humnys’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów , within Brzozów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Milk Street is a street in the financial district of Boston , Massachusetts .
Wólka Ryńska ( ˈvulka ˈrɨɲska ) ( German : Rheindorfshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nolichucky Dam is a dam on the Nolichucky River near Greeneville , Tennessee , maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) .
Gniewięcin ( ɡɲɛˈvjɛnt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Mosaferabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مسافرآباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Rudkhaneh District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The CSX Susquehanna River Bridge is a railroad bridge that carries CSX 's Philadelphia Subdivision across the Susquehanna River between Havre de Grace and Perryville , Maryland , via Garrett Island .
Khotian is a village in Union Council chakwal , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan It is part of chakwal Tehsil .
Zama Lake Airport , ( TC LID : CFT9 ) , is located near to both Zama Lake and Zama City , Alberta , Canada .
Imber is an uninhabited village in part of the British Army 's training grounds on the Salisbury Plain , Wiltshire , England .
Kilmorack ( Scottish Gaelic : Cill Mhòraig ) is a small hamlet in Inverness - shire , in the Highlands of Scotland and now in the Highland Council area .
Triumfalnaya Square ( former Mayakovsky Square , colloquially Mayakovka ) is a public square in the Tverskoy District of the Central Administrative Okrug of Moscow .
Gerrans ( Cornish : Gerens ) is a coastal civil parish and village on the Roseland Peninsula in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai ( ISMMS ) , formerly the Mount Sinai School of Medicine ( MSSM ) , is an American medical school in the New York City borough of Manhattan in the state of New York .
Dapeng New District ( Dapenghua IPA : ( tʰaj pʰuŋ sɐn kʰy : ) ) is an administrative area under the jurisdiction of the Longgang District in Shenzhen City , Guangdong Province of China .
Collyer Monument is an historic monument to firefighters in Mineral Spring Park , at the corner of Mineral Spring Avenue and Main Street , in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , United States .
Adabis ( Persian : عدعبيس‎ , also Romanized as `` Adābīs and `` Ad `` Abīs ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 77 , in 12 families .
Padaminchi ( Padamingi ) ( Tamil : படமிஞ்சி ) is a village located in Tiruppathur Taluk in Sivaganga District , Tamil Nadu State , India .
Bindon Hill is an extensive Iron Age earthwork enclosing a coastal hill area near Lulworth Cove in Dorset , England .
South Lanarkshire ( Scots : Sooth Lanrikshire , Scottish Gaelic : Siorrachd Lannraig a Deas ) is one of 32 unitary authorities of Scotland .
Anasagaram is a village in the Krishna district of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Tangabad ( Persian : تنگ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Tangābād ; also known as Marghdārī - ye Dasht Behesht ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Fort Bayard Historic District , also known as Fort Bayard Site , near Santa Clara ( formerly Central ) , New Mexico , was the site of an 1866 post of the US Army `` Buffalo Soldiers '' .
The Baker Building , also known as Baker 's Opera House , in Dover , Morris County , New Jersey , United States , is a historic theater built of brick in the mid-1880s .
Tanaga Island ( Aleut : Tanax̂ax ) is an island in the western Andreanof Islands , in the southwest part of the Aleutian Islands , Alaska .
KVSH ( 940 AM , `` Heart City Radio '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Valentine , Nebraska , USA .
Xiyang Lou ( Chinese : 西洋楼 ; pinyin : Xīyáng Lóu ; literally : `` Western mansion(s ) '' ) , are ruins of 18th - century European - style imperial buildings on the grounds of the Old Summer Palace in Beijing , China .
The Taylor - Corwin House , also the Falconer Inn , is a Registered Historic Place in Pine Bush , New York .
Chachiha is a village in the tehsil of Joura , in the Morena district of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Arthur J. Dunham House is a house located at 3131 S. Wisconsin Ave . in Berwyn , Illinois .
WBYT ( 100.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Elkhart , Indiana , USA , the station serves the Michiana region .
The Swan Range is a mountain range in western Montana in the United States .
The Shire of Moreton was a local government area in South East Queensland , Australia , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Queensland 's capital , Brisbane .
St. Lorenzen ( Italian : San Lorenzo di Sebato ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Bolzano .
Litohlavy ( German : Litochlau , Litohlau ) is a village in Western Bohemia , the Czech Republic ( Plzeň Region , Rokycany District ) , 3 km northwest of Rokycany , 403 m. above sea level , on the Osecký potok stream .
Wörthersee Stadion ( Wörtherseestadion ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Klagenfurt , Austria .
Worcester County Hospital was a hospital operated by Worcester County which was operational from 1931 until 1993 in Boylston , Massachusetts .
Kübassaare is a village in Pöide Parish , Saaremaa in Saare County , western Estonia .
Gurawra ( or Gurawara ) is a village in Rewari Tehsil , Rewari district , Haryana , India .
Stockwell is a district in inner south London , England , located in the London Borough of Lambeth .
Pierwszaki ( pjɛrfˈʂaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mójcza ( ˈmui̯t͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Central Highlands Council is a local government area in the central highland region of Tasmania .
The Shops at Atlas Park is an open - air lifestyle center located in the Glendale neighborhood of Queens , New York City , United States .
The Hull - Hawkins House ( also known as the Hawkins House ) is a historic site near Live Oak , Florida .
Martinlaakso ( Swedish : Mårtensdal ) is a district in Vantaa , Finland .
Sarnakunk ( Armenian : Սառնակունք , also Romanized as Sarrnakunk '' , Sarnakunq , Sarrnakunk ; formerly , Saybalu ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Bešlići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бешлићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Capt . Rodney J. Baxter House is an octagonal house in Barnstable , Massachusetts that was built in 1850 .
Melching Field at Conrad Park is a baseball stadium located in DeLand , Florida .
The Kiawah Island Golf Resort is a resort in Kiawah Island , South Carolina , southwest of Charleston .
Kunst i m Tunnel or KIT is a contemporary art museum in Düsseldorf .
Canonbury is a residential district in the London Borough of Islington in the north of London .
Zhaoba Township ( Chinese : 赵八乡 ) is a township - level division of Shenze County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
KWML ( 570 AM ) is a radio station located in Las Cruces , New Mexico .
Somiedo ( Asturian : Somiedu ) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
The Mirogoj Cemetery ( pronounced ( mîrɔɡɔːj ) ) is a cemetery park that is considered to be among the more noteworthy landmarks in the City of Zagreb .
Steinish ( Scottish Gaelic : Steinnis ) is a village in the Scottish Outer Hebrides , on the island of Lewis , near Plasterfield and Stornoway Airport .
Balsdean is a deserted hamlet in a remote downland valley east of Brighton , East Sussex , England , on record since about 1100 .
KZFR 90.1 FM is a non - profit , community radio station located in Chico , California .
Święcieniec ( ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕɛɲɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hidden Valley Raceway is part of the Hidden Valley Motorsports Complex , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from Darwin , Northern Territory , Australia .
Woodside Methodist Episcopal Church , also known as Woodside United Methodist Church , is a historic Methodist church located on Main Street , and North Murderkill Hundred in Woodside , Kent County , Delaware .
The Pafiako Stadium ( Greek : Παφιακό Στάδιο ) is a multi - use stadium in Paphos , the stadium holds 9,394 people .
Breton National Wildlife Refuge is located in southeastern Louisiana in the offshore Breton Islands and Chandeleur Islands .
Irugur is a suburb of Coimbatore city in the state of Tamil Nadu .
Szarglew ( ˈʂarɡlɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Orcutt Oil Field is a large oil field in the Solomon Hills south of Orcutt , in Santa Barbara County , California .
Llanhamlach is a village in rural Powys , Wales about 4 miles east of Brecon .
Jessheim is a city in the Ullensaker municipality in Akershus of Norway .
Phillipsburg Catholic High School was a parochial high school in Phillipsburg , New Jersey .
The Epperson House is an historic residence located at 5200 Cherry Street in Kansas City , Missouri .
Sar Chit - e Pain ( Persian : سرچيت پائين‎ , also Romanized as Sar Chīt - e Pā’īn ; also known as Sar Chīd - e Pā’īn , Sar Chīl - e Pā’īn , and Sarchīl Pā’īn ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Augrabies Falls National Park is a national park located around the Augrabies Falls , about 120 km west of Upington in the Northern Cape Province , South Africa .
Alvin Larkins Park is a park in the Madrona neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , located on the north side of E. Pike Street between 34th and 35th Avenues .
Balandar - e Sofla ( Persian : بالندرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bālandar - e Soflá ; also known as Bālandar ) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sprague 's Super Service is a historic independent gas station on Route 66 in Normal , Illinois .
Valley Paper Mill Chimney and Site is a historic chimney and archaeological site located at Alcove in Albany County , New York .
Moreno Valley College , or MVC , is a community college located in Moreno Valley , California , United States .
Barmas ( Persian : برمس‎ , also Romanized as Barmes ; also known as Barmesh , Bārmīz , and Byrmys ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Porthclais is the small sheltered inlet port near St David 's , a small city in Pembrokeshire , West Wales .
The Wellesley Hospital was a teaching hospital in Toronto , Ontario , Canada affiliated with the University of Toronto .
Vojtanov ( German : Voitersreuth ) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
The Fort Randall Dam is an earth embankment dam impounding the Missouri River in South Dakota , United States and forming Lake Francis Case .
McAdory High School ( MHS ) is a four - year public high school in the Birmingham , Alabama suburb of McCalla .
Eggborough is a village and civil parish of 750 homes , in the Selby district of North Yorkshire , England , close to the county borders with South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire and the East Riding .
Egg Hill Church is a historic church located at Potter Township Centre County , Pennsylvania .
Caribou - Targhee National Forest is located in the states of Idaho and Wyoming , with a small section in Utah in the United States .
Gałczewko ( ɡau̯ˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ ) ( German : Galsburg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub - Dobrzyń , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Przejazdowo ( pʂɛjazˈdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dabhoi also called as Darbhavati is a city and a municipality in Vadodara district in the state of Gujarat , India .
The Salinas Sports Complex is a sporting complex located in Salinas , California on the Central Coast .
Aschersleben ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaʃɐsleːbən ) ) is a town in the Salzlandkreis district , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Lenape High School is a four - year comprehensive public high school located in Medford Township in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Wólka Tanewska ( ˈvulka taˈnɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów , within Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Zabłocie - Kolonia ( zaˈbwɔt͡ɕe kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kodeń , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
WPBK ( 102.9 FM ) is a local radio station serving Lincoln County , Kentucky .
Řásná ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈr̝aːsnaː ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Byzie ( ˈbɨʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Jardin d'Eole Wind Farm is a 127.5 megawatt ( MW ) wind farm , located in Saint - Ulric , near Matane , Quebec .
Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سنجبدجنوبي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chancellor University was a private , for - profit university located in metropolitan Cleveland , Ohio .
Sepaste is a village in Emmaste Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Ziarat - e Bacheh ( Persian : زيارت بچه‎ , also Romanized as Zīārat - e Bacheh and Zīyāratbacheh ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ziyarat Shah ( Persian : زيارت شاه‎ , also Romanized as Zīyārat Shāh ; also known as Zīārat ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cerenova is a coastal locality that along with the adjacent Campo di Mare makes up the Marina di Cerveteri frazione of the comune of Cerveteri .
The Orleans Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Krakówki - Włodki ( kraˈkufki ˈvwɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Mitbek is a tributary of the Höllenau in the north German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Oglethorpe Barracks usually refers to a 19th - century United States Army post in the historic district of Savannah , Georgia .
Mormon volcanic field , also known as Mormon Mountain volcanic field , is a monogenetic and polygenetic volcanic field south of Flagstaff , Arizona .
Banaue ( or alternatively spelled as Banawe ) is a fourth class municipality in the province of Ifugao , Philippines .
Standing Stone State Park is a state park in Overton County , Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
Lake Anahuac is an artificial lake fed by the Trinity River , 45 miles ( 72 km ) east of downtown Houston , Texas , USA in western Chambers County .
Maryvale Baseball Park is a baseball park located in Phoenix , Arizona owned and operated by the city 's Parks and Recreation department .
Sandal Castle is a ruined medieval castle in Sandal Magna , a suburb of the city of Wakefield in West Yorkshire , overlooking the River Calder .
North Point Community Church is a non - denominational , evangelical Christian megachurch located in Alpharetta , Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta .
The Locate Creek Bridge , located on N. Locate Rd . near Miles City , Montana , is a historic bridge that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The McKinley Birthplace Home and Research Center is a reconstruction of a home on the site of the birth of America 's twenty - fifth President , William McKinley , in Niles , Ohio .
Thornyhive Bay is an embayment along the North Sea coast in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The Judenplatz Holocaust Memorial ( German : Mahnmal für die 65.000 ermordeten österreichischen Juden und Jüdinnen der Shoah ) also known as the Nameless Library stands in Judenplatz in the first district of Vienna .
The Montgomery County Circuit Courthouses are part of the Montgomery County Judicial Center located in downtown Rockville , Maryland .
Banino ( baˈninɔ ) ( German : Banin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Dunstane is a boutique hotel located in the west of Edinburgh on West Coates & Hampton Terrace , part of the A8 in Edinburgh .
Abrigu ( Persian : اب ريگو‎ , also Romanized as Ābrīgū ) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kryvka ( Ukrainian : Кривка , Polish : Krywka ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
Gol Akhar ( Persian : گل آخر‎ , also Romanized as Gol Ākhar and Gol Ākher ; also known as Gol Ākhūr , Gol Ākhvor , Kurah Haz , and Qara Khar ) is a village in Ujan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Woodbine Brotherhood Synagogue is a historic Jewish synagogue at 612 Washington Avenue in Woodbine , Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
Matcze ( ˈmatt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Alaskan Hotel and Bar is a historic establishment and oldest operating hotel in Juneau , Alaska .
Sydney Falls , more commonly called Kotsuck Creek Falls or Kotsuck Falls , is a waterfall in the Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Tallahassee metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on Tallahassee , Florida .
Gigg Lane is an all - seater football stadium in Bury , Greater Manchester , England .
Northlands Park is the `` Alberta A circuit '' horse racing track at Northlands in Edmonton , Alberta .
Kani Dinar ( Persian : كاني دينار‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Dīnār ; also known simply as Dīnār ) is a city in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Norfork High School is a nationally recognized comprehensive public high school located in the rural , distant city of Norfork , Arkansas , United States .
Slatyfork Wildlife Management Area is located on 49 acres ( 20 ha ) north of Marlinton in Pocahontas and Randolph Counties , West Virginia .
The Disney Gallery is an attraction and merchandise location at Disneyland in Anaheim , California .
The David Keith Mansion and Carriage House , at 529 E. South Temple St. in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States , was built during 1898 - 1900 .
Barraba Shire was a local government area located in the New England region of New South Wales , Australia , about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) north of Tamworth via Fossickers Way .
Kadipikonda is a Municipal corporation Division in Warangal District , Telangana state , India .
Cerro Coso Community College was established in 1973 and is located in the Eastern Sierra region of Southern California , as a separate college within the Kern Community College District .
Ufenau is an island located , with the neighbouring island of Lützelau , in Lake Zürich in Switzerland between Freienbach ( 0.9 km ( 0.56 mi ) away ) and Rapperswil ( 2.5 km ( 1.6 mi ) away ) .
The Paris Cemetery in Bourbon County , Kentucky was founded in 1847 .
Westergeest ( West Frisian : Westergeast ) ( Low Saxon : Westergaist ) is a village in Kollumerland c.a .
Detroit Towers is a high - rise residential apartment building located in Detroit , Michigan , on the city 's near - east side .
Egra is headquarters of Egra subdivision in Purba Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Esgueira is an urban civil parish in the municipality ( concelho ) of Aveiro , in continental Portugal .
Hauxton is a small village in Cambridgeshire , England around 5 miles to the south - west of Cambridge .
Białachowo ( bjawaˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Leshtani ( Persian : لشتاني‎ , also Romanized as Leshtānī ; also known as Lash Dānī ) is a village in Moqam Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jerzmanice ( jɛʐmaˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepin , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Raycraft Ranch , located north of Carson City , Nevada on U. S. 395 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 .
Ski Mount Abram is a small family ski area in Greenwood , Maine , located a few miles outside of Bethel , Maine , and the Sunday River Resort .
The Harry S. Truman National Historic Site ( officially styled without the period after the S ) preserves the longtime home of Harry S. Truman , the thirty - third president of the United States , as well as other properties associated with him in the Kansas City , Missouri metropolitan area .
Wycombe Marsh is a hamlet in Buckinghamshire , England , which has been absorbed into the expanding suburbs of High Wycombe .
Gmina Stary Dzików is a rural administrative district in Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Choghabur - e Rahman ( Persian : چغابوررحمان‎ , also Romanized as Choghābūr - e Raḩmān ; also known as Choqābūr - e Raḩmān ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Miss Freedom , originally christened as Goddess of Liberty , is the name of the statue adorning the dome of the Georgia State Capitol since 1889 .
Abbotrule is a hamlet south of the B6357 road , in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland on the Rule Water .
Jiali District ( Chinese : 佳里區 ; pinyin : Jiālǐ Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Chia1-li3 Ch'ü1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ka - lí ) is a district located in Tainan , Taiwan , about 15 km north of the former Dutch base of Fort Zeelandia .
Barsenan ( Persian : برسنان‎ , also Romanized as Barsenān ) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Orange County High School is a high school for children from grades nine to twelve located in Orange , Virginia .
Greenway Plantation is a wood - frame , 1 1/2-story plantation house that stands on the north side of Route 5 in Charles City County , Virginia .
Shurabad - e Nur Mohammad ( Persian : شورابادنورمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Shūrābād - e Nūr Moḩammad ; also known as Shoor Abad , Shūrābād , Shūrābād - e Nūr , and Shūrābād - e Zard ) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sapałówka ( sapaˈwufka ) ( German : Ostau , until 1938 Sapallen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Perrywood is a village and a wood near the village of Selling , in the Swale District , in the English county of Kent .
Oiba ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈoiβa ) ) is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia .
Nowa Święta - Leśniczówka ( ˈnɔva ˈɕfjɛnta lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Opielanka ( ɔpjɛˈlaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
CITU - FM is a Canadian radio station which broadcasts a French language community radio format on the frequency 104.1 FM in Petit - de - Grat , Nova Scotia .
Fire Control Tower No . 23 is a NRHP - listed tower located in Lower Township , Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
The Kreyenhagen Hills are a range of foothills of the Diablo Range in western Fresno County and Kings County , California .
Sain Qaleh ( Persian : صائين قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Şā’īn Qal``eh ; also known as Sain - Kalekh and Khorosan ) is a city in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 11,083 , in 2,896 families .
Bommanahal is a village and a Mandal in Anantapur district headquarters in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Old Union Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located 0.2 miles ( 0.32 km ) north of Blackbird Crossroads on U.S. 13 in Townsend , New Castle County , Delaware .
The McCullough - Price House is a 1938 pueblo revival home in Chandler , Arizona .
Ten Thousand Buddhas Monastery ( Man Fat Tsz ) is a Buddhist temple in Sha Tin , Hong Kong .
Adlešiči ( pronounced ( ˈaːdlɛʃitʃi ) ; German : Adleschitz ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Rancho Todos Santos y San Antonio was a 20,772-acre ( 84.06 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present - day Santa Barbara County , California given in 1841 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to William Edward Petty Hartnell .
The American Express Building at 65 Broadway in between Morris and Rector Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City was built in 1914 - 1917 and was designed by James L. Aspinwall of the firm of Renwick , Aspinwall & Tucker in the Neoclassical style .
Kirakira the provincial capital of the Makira - Ulawa Province in the Solomon Islands .
Talimena State Park is an Oklahoma state park located in LeFlore County in eastern Oklahoma .
Meizhong ( Chinese : 妹冢镇 ) is a town in Shen County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Fort St. Philip is an historic masonry fort located on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River , about 40 miles ( 64 km ) upriver from its mouth in Plaquemines Parish , Louisiana .
Sagharan - e Sofla ( Persian : ساغران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sāgharān - e Soflá and Sāqerān - e Soflá ; also known as Meykand , Sāgharī - ye Soflá , Yangī Kand , and Yaqī Kand ) is a village in Abgarm Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kolincz ( ˈkɔlint͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kiratpur also known as Kiratpur Sahib is a town in Rupnagar district , Punjab , India .
Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زنجانرودبالا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Egyptian Building is a historic college building in Richmond , Virginia , completed in 1845 .
Wola Nakonowska ( ˈvɔla nakɔˈnɔfska ) ( German : Kleinnakel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choceń , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Dratów - Kolonia ( ˈdratuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ludwin , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Aqbolagh - e Bahman ( Persian : اقبلاغ بهمن‎ , also Romanized as Āqbolāgh - e Bahman ; also known as Āq Bolāgh ) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Lieblein House is a single - family house located at 525 Quincy Street in Hancock , Michigan .
Martin Luther School is a co - educational Lutheran middle and high school located in the neighborhood of Maspeth , in the borough of Queens , New York City .
United Supermarkets Arena ( previously the United Spirit Arena ) is a multi - purpose arena on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock , Texas .
Ratingen is a town in the district of Mettmann , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , in the northwestern part of Berg - about 12 km northeast of Düsseldorf .
Isbell Field ( FAA LID : 4A9 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) north of the central business district of Fort Payne , a city in DeKalb County , Alabama , United States .
Coney Island Avenue is a roadway in the New York City borough of Brooklyn that runs north - south for a distance of roughly five miles , almost parallel to Ocean Parkway and Ocean Avenue .
Southern Vermont College is a private , four - year liberal arts college located on the 371-acre ( 1.50 km2 ) former Edward Everett Estate near Bennington , Vermont in the southwestern corner of the state bordering New York and Massachusetts .
Chedzoy is a civil parish village 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Bridgwater in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset , England .
LPGA International is a golf club , located in Daytona Beach , Volusia County , Florida , and the main golf facility used by the Ladies Professional Golf Association ( LPGA ) .
Monmouth County Library is the county library system for Monmouth County , New Jersey .
The Metropolitan Savings Bank Building opened on May 22 , 1867 at the northeast corner of Third Avenue ( Manhattan ) -- now Cooper Square -- and East 7th Street , in New York City .
Kluge House , also known as Maverick House , is a rare example of Silesian fachwerk , log and half - timber construction , located in Helena , Montana .
Canons Ashby is a small village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire , England .
Miłkówko ( miu̯ˈkufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubasz , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tudor Sports Ground is a public park between Clifford Road and the East Coast Main Railway Line in New Barnet in the London Borough of Barnet .
East Haddon is a small village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire in England .
Mato Verde is a municipality located in the north of the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil .
Camp Dodge is a military installation in the city of Johnston , Iowa .
Brooks School is a private , co - educational , preparatory , secondary school in North Andover , Massachusetts on the shores of Lake Cochichewick .
The Charles River Esplanade of Boston , Massachusetts , is a state - owned park situated in the Back Bay area of the city , on the banks of the Charles River .
Canaston Bridge is a village in Pembrokeshire , southwest Wales .
The Centre Sportif Lacroix - Dutil is a multi - purpose arena in Saint - Georges , Quebec , Canada .
Quirino is a landlocked province in the Philippines located in the Cagayan Valley region in Luzon and named after Elpidio Quirino , the sixth President of the Philippines .
Hajj Bahram Mahalleh ( Persian : حاج بهرام محله‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Bahrām Maḩalleh ; also known as Ḩājjī Bahrām Maḩalleh , Ḩājjī Bahrām and Nāvrūd - e Asālem ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hurepoix is an area of Île - de - France , in south west of Paris , localised between departments of Yvelines , Hauts - de - Seine and Essonne , it was an old province of the French Kingdom .
The Senator George Sellar Bridge , also known as the Columbia River Bridge at Wenatchee , Washington was built in 1950 to carry U.S. Route 2 across the Columbia River .
Maltesholm Castle ( Swedish : Maltesholms slott ) is a large manor house located in Kristianstad Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
Wąkczew ( ˈvɔŋkt͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Świnna Poręba ( ˈɕfinna pɔˈrɛmba ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mucharz , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Lucton is a village near the town of Leominster in the county of Herefordshire , England .
Eilean Rìgh is an island in the Inner Hebrides of the west coast of Scotland .
Dunowo ( duˈnɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Thunow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Yucatán ( ʝukaˈtan ) , officially the Free and Sovereign State of Yucatán ( Spanish : Estado Libre y Soberano de Yucatán ) , is one of the 31 states which , with the Federal District , comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico .
Rajugan ( Persian : رجوگان‎ , also Romanized as Rajūgān ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Croftnacreich is a hamlet on the Black Isle , in Ross and Cromarty in the Highland council area of Scotland .
A. J. Palumbo Center is a 4,406-seat multi - purpose arena in the Uptown area of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania served by exits on both Interstate 376 and Interstate 579 .
Budówko ( buˈdufkɔ ) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
La Jolla Playhouse is a not - for - profit , professional theatre - in - residence on the campus of the University of California , San Diego .
The New Sweden Farmstead Museum is an open - air museum in Bridgeton , New Jersey , United States .
Rumeh ( Persian : رومه‎ , also Romanized as Rūmeh and Roomeh ; also known as Rameh ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wola Jedlińska ( ˈvɔla jɛdˈliɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ładzice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Neginan ( Persian : نگينان‎ , also Romanized as Negīnān ; also known as Nagīnu ) is a village in Fakhrud Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Huși ( Romanian pronunciation : ( huʃʲ ) , Hebrew : חוש‎ , Hungarian : Huszváros , German : Hussburg ) is a city in Vaslui County , Romania , former capital of the disbanded Fălciu County in the historical region of Moldavia , Romanian Orthodox episcopal see , and home of some of the best vineyards of Romania .
The Nathaniel Backus House is a two - story Greek Revival clapboarded house with a gable roof in Norwich , Connecticut .
Chambersburg and Bedford Turnpike Road Company Toll House is a historic toll house located at St. Thomas Township in Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Dehnow - e Deh - e Ali ( Persian : دهنوده علي‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Deh - e ʿAlī and Dehnudehalī ) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Vereina Tunnel is a railway tunnel , and the principal part of the Vereina railway line , in the canton of Graubünden in eastern Switzerland .
The Black River Canal was a canal built in northern New York in the USA to connect the Erie Canal to the Black River .
Nowhadan ( Persian : نوحدان‎ , also Romanized as Nowḩadān and Noohdan ; also known as Nodan and Nowdān ) is a village in Jirhandeh - ye Lasht - e Nesha Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bożenica ( bɔʐɛˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Eckbach Mill Path ( German : Eckbach - Mühlenwanderweg ) is a footpath in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Torfhaus is a village in the borough of the mining town of Altenau in the Harz mountains of Germany and lies at a height of about 800 m above sea level ( NN ) .
Baikampady is a place north of Panambur in Dakshina Kannada district .
Midhowe Broch is an iron - age broch located on the west coast of the island of Rousay in the Orkney Islands , in Scotland .
WCOH - FM is an American radio station , licensed to DuBois , Pennsylvania ;
Lemmon 's Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery located near Portersville in Boone Township , Dubois County , Indiana .
WYFG is a radio station simulcasting the Bible Broadcasting Network for the Gaffney , Spartanburg , and Greenville areas of South Carolina as well as some of the western suburbs of the Charlotte area .
The Showbox ( oringally known as the Showbox Theater ) is a music venue in Seattle , Washington .
Arms Academy was a public school located in Shelburne , Massachusetts , United States .
Hofheim ( Taunus ) station is a station in the city of Hofheim in the German state of Hesse on the Main - Lahn Railway .
Bardeh Buk ( Persian : برده بوك‎ , also Romanized as Bardeh Būk ; also known as Bardbūk ) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The San Joaquin Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System , located in coastal Orange County , California .
The West Edge Tower , also known as 2nd & Pike , is a 440-foot - tall ( 130 m ) residential skyscraper currently under construction in Seattle , Washington .
The Crane Island Historic District is a historic district of vacation properties on Crane Island in Lake Minnetonka , part of the city of Minnetrista , Minnesota , United States .
Camp Foster , formerly known as Camp Zukeran ( Japanese : キャンプ瑞慶覧 ) is a United States Marine Corps camp located in Ginowan City with portions overlapping into Okinawa City , Chatan town and Kitanakagusuku village in the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa Island .
KDMC - LP ( 103.7 FM ; `` Rage 103.7 '' ) was a radio station formerly licensed to Cape Girardeau , Missouri , USA .
Selfridge Public School is a public elementary school and high school located in Selfridge , North Dakota .
Komaj Khvor ( Persian : كماج خور‎ , also Romanized as Komāj Khvor ; also known as Komāch Khvor and Komājkhor ) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Downtown Cincinnati is the central business district of Cincinnati , Ohio , and one of its 52 neighborhoods .
Zamboanga Peninsula ( Filipino : Tangway ng Sambuwangga ) is an administrative region in the Philippines , designated as `` Region IX '' .
The Hezekiah Chaffee House is a historic house museum on Meadow Lane in Windsor , Connecticut .
Garrison Foundry - Mackintosh Hemphill Company Offices located at 901 - 911 Bingham Street in the South Side Flats neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , were built from 1895 to 1902 .
Balesht ( Persian : بلشت‎ , also Romanized as Baleshat ; also known as Bālisht and Palesht ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
CJCQ - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format at 97.9 FM in North Battleford , Saskatchewan branded as Q98 .
Kahdunki - ye Mushemi ( Persian : كاهدونكي موشمي‎ , also Romanized as Kāhdūnkī - ye Mūshemī ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Clayton Bridge railway station , Manchester , was a railway station that served the locality between 1846 and 1968 .
Hamilton - Madison House is a voluntary , non - profit settlement house dedicated to improving the quality of life of its community , primarily that of the Two Bridges / Chinatown area of the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York City , United States .
The Elephant Tea Rooms is a Grade II listed building in Sunderland , Tyne and Wear , England .
Willetton Senior High School ( WSHS ) is the largest government high school in Western Australia and one of the top schools in the state .
Syndal High School ( also known as Syndal Secondary School ) was a public secondary school located in Glen Waverley , Victoria , Australia .
Deh Pir ( Persian : ده پير‎ , also Romanized as Deh Pīr ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Loewenstein and Sons Hardware Building , also known as the Loewenstein Building or Rite Aid Building , is a historic commercial structure located at Charleston , West Virginia .
Lac la Plonge is a glacial lake in Saskatchewan in the basin of the Beaver River near Lac Île - à - la - Crosse .
Interstate 376 ( I-376 ) is a major auxiliary route of the Interstate Highway System in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania , located within the Allegheny Plateau .
North Hobart Oval is a sports venue in North Hobart , Tasmania , used for Australian rules football .
Doolough is a coastal townland covering an area of 2,493 acres ( 10.09 km2 ) in Kiltane Parish , Erris , North County Mayo .
Tolombeh - ye Yadalleh Khiami ( Persian : تلمبه يداله خيامي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Yadālleh Khīāmī ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Martin von Wagner Museum contains the art collection of the University of Würzburg and has been located in the south wing of the Würzburg Residence since 1963 .
Fly Creek Methodist Church , also known as First Methodist Episcopal Society in Fly Creek , is a historic Methodist church on Co. Rt . 26 , north of the junction with NY 28 in Fly Creek , Otsego County , New York .
Kalvacherla is a village of Kamanpur mandal located in the Karimnagar district of the state of Telangana in India .
Naugatuck State Forest is a Connecticut state forest consisting of five separate blocks in the towns of Oxford , Beacon Falls , Naugatuck , Bethany , Cheshire , Hamden , Seymour , and Ansonia .
Shahr - e Khvast ( Persian : شهرخواست‎ , also Romanized as Shahr - e Khvāst ; also known as Shahr - e Khāst ) is a village in Band - e Amir Rural District , Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hampton Court House is an 18th - century building on the edge of Bushy Park in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Lakeside Shopping Center is a mall located at 3301 Veterans Memorial Boulevard in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie , Louisiana .
Haiyang ( simplified Chinese : 海阳 ; traditional Chinese : 海陽 ; pinyin : Hǎiyáng ) , a coastal city in the peninsula province of Shandong in eastern China , is strategically located in the center of the prime tourist trio of Qingdao , Yantai , and Weihai .
Chahar Si Abbasi ( Persian : چهار سي عباسي‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Sī ʿAbbāsī ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dantu District ( simplified Chinese : 丹徒区 ; traditional Chinese : 丹徒區 ; pinyin : Dāntú Qū ) is one of three districts of Zhenjiang , Jiangsu province , China .
Closworth is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated five miles south of Yeovil in the South Somerset district , on the border with Dorset .
Lake Atoka Reservoir ( also called Atoka Lake ) is a reservoir in southeastern Oklahoma , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of Atoka , Oklahoma , county seat of Atoka County , Oklahoma .
Kandar - e Kolah Boland ( Persian : كندركلاه بلند‎ , also Romanized as Kandar - e Kolāh Boland and Kondor Kolah Boland ) is a village in Sigar Rural District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Levensau High Bridge ( German : Levensauer Straßen- und Eisenbahnhochbrücke ; short : Levensauer Hochbrücke ) is a high level arch bridge that spans the Kiel Canal in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Tulnici is a commune in Vrancea County , Romania , located in the northwestern part of the county .
Vatra Moldoviței is a commune located in the west - central part of Suceava County , Romania .
The Mulwala Canal is an irrigation canal in the southern Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .
Kleiner Ravensberg is the highest elevation in the municipal area of Potsdam in Brandenburg , Germany with a peak at 114.2 m above sea level .
Lepino ( lɛˈpinɔ ) ( German : Leppin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Woodford Correctional Centre is an Australian prison facility located in Woodford , Queensland , Australia , approximately 80 kilometres north from Brisbane and 30 kilometres from Caboolture .
Rzeszynek ( ʐɛˈʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Williston Northampton School , or `` Williston , '' is a private co - educational preparatory school for boarding and day students in seventh grade through postgraduate year located in Easthampton , Massachusetts .
Misamis Oriental ( Cebuano : Sidlakang Misamis , Tagalog : Silangang Misamis ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Northern Mindanao region .
Dr. Sylvester Willard Mansion , also known as the Cayuga Museum of History and Art , is a historic mansion and related outbuildings located in Auburn , Cayuga County , New York state .
The Hotlum Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeast flank of Mount Shasta , in the US state of California .
The Merrica River is an intermediate intermittently closed saline coastal lagoon or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Baia Mare Airport ( IATA : BAY , ICAO : LRBM ) is a minor domestic airport situated in northwest Romania , located in Tăuții - Măgherăuș , 10 km ( 6.2 mi ) west of Baia Mare municipality and in the historic region of Maramureş .
Sękorady ( sɛnkɔˈradɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Northeast Lakeview College is an unaccredited community college located in Universal City , Texas .
Lejławki Małe ( lɛi̯ˈwafki ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Grünheide ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kenyon 's Department Store is an historic department store building at 344 Main Street in the village of Wakefield in the town of South Kingstown , Rhode Island .
The Rogier metro station is a Brussels metro station on the northern segment of line 2 which also serves tram lines on the north - south axis .
Byszówka ( bɨˈʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Oschiri ( Gallurese : Óscari , Sardinian : Oscheri ) is a comune ( municipality ) and former bishopric in the Province of Olbia - Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Olbia .
Kalateh - ye Shiru ( Persian : كلاته شيرو‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Shīrū ) is a village in Raz Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mszadla Nowa ( ˈmʂadla ˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Walter F. George Lake , named for Walter F. George ( 1878 - -1957 ) , a United States Senator from Georgia , is formed on the Chattahoochee River along the state line between Alabama and Georgia .
Northaw and Cuffley is a civil parish in the Welwyn Hatfield borough of Hertfordshire , England .
Foul Rift is a Class II rapids in the Delaware River from mile 196.3 to 196.7 , located about a mile south of Belvidere , New Jersey .
The Bowers Bluff Middens Archeological District is a U.S. historic district ( designated as such on February 1 , 1980 ) located approximately five miles southeast of Astor , Florida .
Mount Adagdak is a Pleistocene age stratovolcano on the northernmost extremity of Adak Island in the Aleutian Islands , Alaska .
Truskolasy - Lachy ( Pronounced : ( truskɔˈlasɨ ˈlaxɨ ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kogé is a small town and arrondissement located in the commune of Adjohoun in the Borgou Department of Benin .
The Gross Ruchen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps , overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri .
The Danforth Music Hall ( originally Allen 's Danforth Theatre ) is a theatre on Danforth Avenue in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Ganj Ali Sara ( Persian : گنج علي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Ganj ʿAlī Sarā ; also known as Ganjīsarā ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
KAMV - LP ( 101.9 FM ) is a defunct , low - power radio station formerly licensed to serve Brighton , Colorado , USA .
Fort Ruby , also known as Camp Ruby , was built in 1862 , during the American Civil War , in the `` wilderness of eastern Nevada . ''
Nová Pec ( German : Neuofen ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Prachatice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Sara Gavabar ( Persian : سراگوابر‎ , also Romanized as Sarā Gavābar ) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Airline Highway is a divided highway in the U.S. state of Louisiana , built in stages between 1925 and 1953 to bypass the older Jefferson Highway .
Saint - Martin Dam is a dam in Mont - Valin , Quebec , Canada , in the administrative region of Saguenay--
Shaban Kandi ( Persian : شعبان كندي‎ , also Romanized as Sha``bān Kandī ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 57 , in 15 families .
Vazneh ( Persian : وزنه‎ ) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kostera ( kɔsˈtɛra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Reelfoot Lake State Park is a state park in the northwest corner of Tennessee in the United States .
Corlat ( Irish : Corr Leacht ) or Corlatt is a townland in the north of County Monaghan in Ireland in the parish of Tydavnet .
Khosrow Mahalleh ( Persian : خسرومحله‎ , also Romanized as Khosrow Maḩalleh ; also known as Mollā Aḩmad ) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Brantley Dam is a flood control and irrigation water storage dam on the Pecos River in Eddy County , New Mexico about 13 miles ( 21 km ) north of Carlsbad , New Mexico and 10 miles ( 16 km ) upstream from Avalon Dam .
Tappeh Kabud - e Hasan Gholami ( Persian : تپه كبودحسن غلامي‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Kabūd - e Ḩasan Gholāmī ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sha Tin Methodist College ( 沙田循道衛理中學 ) , abbreviated as STMC , is a government subsidised secondary school founded in 1983 , which is sponsored by the Methodist Church , Hong Kong to serve the local community together with churches and service centres in Sha Tin parish .
Sariyeh ( Persian : ساريه‎ , also Romanized as Sārīyeh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Xinzheng ( simplified Chinese : 新郑 ; traditional Chinese : 新鄭 ; pinyin : Xīnzhèng ) is a small county - level city of Zhengzhou in the south of Henan province of Central China .
Coney Island Yard Electric Motor Repair Shop is a historic motor repair shop for subway trains located at the Coney Island Complex in Coney Island , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
Černý Důl ( German : Schwarzental ) is a market town and municipality in Trutnov District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Jeglin ( ˈjɛɡlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wycinka ( vɨˈt͡ɕiŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bałtów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Stare Kotlice ( ˈstarɛ kɔtˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Green Glade Senior Public School is a middle school in Mississauga , Ontario .
The Province of Naples ( Italian : Provincia di Napoli , Napulitano : Pruvincia ' e Nàpule ) was a province in the Campania region of southern Italy ; since January 2015 has been replaced by the Metropolitan City of Naples .
The Witch 's Dungeon Classic Movie Museum in Bristol , Connecticut is a collection of figures of classic movie monsters .
The Bregenz Forest ( German : Bregenzerwald ) is one of the main regions in the state of Vorarlberg , Austria .
Kocielizna ( kɔt͡ɕeˈlizna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dankowo ( danˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Semmler ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pennridge Airport ( ICAO : KCKZ , FAA LID : CKZ , formerly N70 ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) north of the central business district of Perkasie in East Rockhill Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Świbne ( ˈɕfibnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Rodì Milici ( Sicilian : Rudìa Milici ) is an Italian comune in the Province of Messina in Sicily .
Cross Kauwa ( sometimes referred to simply as Kauwa ) is a town in the northeastern Nigerian state of Borno , east of the town of Kukawa .
Gladstone Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , surrounding and north of the north end of Christina Lake in that province 's Boundary Country .
Hendijan County ( Persian : شهرستان هندیجان ) is a County in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
The ZCBJ Lodge No . 46 , also known as Bohemian Hall , is an historic building located in Prague , Oklahoma that was built in 1917 .
Bucov ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈbukov ) ) is a commune in Prahova County , Romania , just east of Ploieşti , the county seat .
Mỹ Trạch is a rural commune ( xã ) and village in Bố Trạch District , Quảng Bình Province , in Vietnam .
Premià de Mar ( Catalan pronunciation : ( pɾəmiˈa ðə ˈmar ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia , Spain .
Loteshwar is a village and an archaeological site belonging to Indus Valley Civilisation located at Patan district , Gujarat , India .
The Emery Theatre , or Emery Auditorium , is a historic , acoustically exceptional theater located in the Over - the - Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio .
Darreh Vazam ( Persian : دره وزم‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Vezem and Darreh Vezm ; also known as Takrūzom and Taqrūzūm ) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Winton House is a historic house set in a large estate between Pencaitland and Tranent in East Lothian , Scotland .
The Dog Iron Ranch , located about two miles east of Oologah , Oklahoma , USA , is the historic ranch and birthplace of humorist Will Rogers .
Mokhtaran ( Persian : مختاران‎ , also Romanized as Mokhtārān , Moxtārān , and Mukhtārān ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wong Chuk Hang is an industrial and residential town to the east of Aberdeen and to the north of Nam Long Shan and to the west of Shouson Hill , on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Prescot is a town and civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley in Merseyside , England .
The Grant Boyhood Home in Georgetown , Ohio was where Ulysses S. Grant lived from 1823 until 1839 , when he left for the United States Military Academy at West Point .
Charlbury ( /ˈtʃɑrlbᵊri/ or /ˈtʃɔrlbᵊri/ , local /ˈtʃɔːwbri/ ) is a small town and civil parish in the Evenlode valley , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) north of Witney in West Oxfordshire .
Badkharid ( Persian : بادخريد‎ , also Romanized as Bādkharīd ; also known as Vīkher ) is a village in Afshar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Troski ( ˈtrɔski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Armley Park , or Gott 's Park , is a large public park situated next to Stanningley Road in Armley , Leeds , England .
Crowton is a civil parish and village within the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Jamz ( Persian : جمز‎ ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sankaty Head Golf Club is one of the Eastern - most golf courses in Massachusetts , perched on the edge of Nantucket Island in Siasconset , Massachusetts .
Deh Shirak ( Persian : ده شيرك‎ , also Romanized as Deh Shīrak and Deh - e Shīrak ; also known as Deh Shīr ) is a village in Pariz Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
South Dakota Highway 130 ( SD 130 ) is a short state highway located entirely within Walworth County , South Dakota .
Guik ( Persian : گوييك‎ , also Romanized as Gū’īk ; also known as Kū’īk ) is a village in Solduz Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lower Hatchie National Wildlife Refuge , part of the U.S. National Wildlife Refuge system , is a 9,451-acre ( 38.25 km2 ) area of wetlands associated with the confluence of the Hatchie River and the Forked Deer River in West Tennessee near the confluence of the Hatchie River with the Mississippi River .
Andoversford is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire , England , about six miles east of Cheltenham .
Porgoli - ye Olya ( Persian : پرگلي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Porgolī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Palkūlī ) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 101 , in 21 families .
Uchimedu ( Tamil : உச்சிமேடு ) is a village in the Cuddalore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Monitor Range is located in south - central Nevada in the United States .
The Textile District is a historic district encompassing a cluster of commercial buildings in the central business district of Boston , Massachusetts .
Bankat ( Persian : بانكت‎ , also Romanized as Bānḵat ; also known as Shamshīrābād ) is a village in Jaber - e Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Neunkirchen Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in the district town of Neunkirchen in the German state of Saarland .
Giahzar ( Persian : گياه زار‎ , also Romanized as Gīāhzār ; also known as Gahzār ) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Akhangan ( Persian : اخنگان‎ , also Romanized as Akhangān ; also known as Akhangūn and Akhangūl ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Beselich is nowadays mainly a residential community whose citizens earn their livelihood in surrounding towns such as Limburg , Weilburg and Wetzlar as well as in the Frankfurt Rhein - Main Region .
Penn State Law is located on the Penn State 's University Park campus in State College , Pa. , and is one of two separately accredited law schools at Penn State .
The Gates River is a short river in the Lillooet Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
The Canada Games Centre was built for the 2011 Canada Winter Games in Clayton Park , a suburb of Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Celano is a town and comune in the Province of L'Aquila , central Italy , 120 km ( 75 mi ) east of Rome by rail .
Ninh Hòa is a district - level town ( thị xã ) of Khánh Hòa Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Absabad ( Persian : عبس اباد‎ , also Romanized as `` Absābād ; also known as Afsābād ) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District , in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 649 , in 171 families .
Kaleń Mała ( ˈkalɛɲ ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The 2004 Lexmark Indy 300 was the thirteenth and penultimate round of the 2004 Bridgestone Presents the Champ Car World Series Powered by Ford season , held on October 24 , 2004 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit , Queensland , Australia .
Alsop en le Dale is a village in Derbyshire , England about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Ashbourne close to the Staffordshire border , and a mile from Dovedale , a popular tourist location .
Kar Kam ( Persian : کارکم‎ , also Romanized as Kār Kam ) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Aberthau House ( previously known as Rear House ) is a spacious heritage mansion in Tudor Revival style , located at the intersection of West 2nd Avenue and Trimble Street in Vancouver , British Columbia , which currently serves as a facility of the neighbourhood 's community centre .
The Gangnam District ( Hangul : 강남구 ; hanja : 江南區 ; RR : Gangnam - gu ) is one of the 25 gu ( local government districts ) which make up the city of Seoul , South Korea .
Dera Murad Jamali ( Urdu : ڈیرہ مراد جمالی ) is a city located in Nasirabad District in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Paulinowo ( pau̯liˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Anjir - e Sefid ( Persian : انجيرسفيد‎ , also Romanized as Anjīr - e Sefīd ; also known as Anjīr - e Sīāh ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
WAMM is a broadcast radio station licensed to Woodstock , Virginia , serving Woodstock and Shenandoah County , Virginia , though is currently Silent .
Shirag ( Persian : شيرگ‎ , also Romanized as Shīrag , Shīrīk , Sherk , Shīrak , and Shīrg ; also known as Tak - e Borj ) is a village in Fasharud Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sarab - e Pain ( Persian : سراب پايين‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Rahdar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The York Galleria Mall is an enclosed , indoor shopping mall located just northeast of York , Pennsylvania at the intersection of U.S. Route 30 and Route 24 .
The Hochhaus an der Weberwiese ( literally `` high house on the weaver 's meadow '' ) is a residential building in Berlin , located in the district of Friedrichshain .
Tklania ( ˈtklaɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Księginice Małe ( kɕɛnɡiˈnit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Boneh Ju ( Persian : بنه جو‎ , also Romanized as Boneh Jū ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Konardan - e Sharqi ( Persian : كناردان شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Konārdān - e Sharqī ; also known as Konārdān - e Shomalī ) is a village in Mehregan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Esfurin - e Sofla ( Persian : اسفورين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Esfūrīn - e Soflá ; also knowv as Esfūrīn , Esfūrīn Chapī , Esfūrīn - e Chapī , and Esfūrīn - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Strathcona County is a specialized municipality in central Alberta , Canada between Edmonton and Elk Island National Park .
Svyato - Troitsky Markov Monastery ( Holy Trinity Markov Monastery ) is one of two modern monasteries in Vitebsk ( second one is female Svyato - Dukhov Monastery ) .
Harold Washington Cultural Center is a performance facility located in the Grand Boulevard community area of Chicago in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
The Whippany Railway Museum is a railway museum and excursion train ride located in the Whippany section of Hanover Township in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Ołdaki - Polonia ( ɔu̯ˈdaki pɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Temple du Change or Loge du Change , formerly used for the stock exchange of Lyon , stands in Vieux Lyon ( 5th arrondissement of Lyon ) .
Kessingland is a large village in the Waveney District of the English county of Suffolk .
New Bethel Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church building near Greenville in rural Greene County , Tennessee , United States .
Palkanlu - ye Sofla ( Persian : پالكانلوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Pālkānlū - ye Soflá ; also known as Pālkānlū - ye Pa’īn ) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District , Now Khandan District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hambrücken is a town in Northern Karlsruhe County in Baden - Württemberg , Germany , located on Bertha Benz Memorial Route .
Karlu Karlu / Devils Marbles Conservation Reserve is located 105 km ( 65 mi ) south of Tennant Creek , Northern Territory , Australia and 393 km ( 244 mi ) north of Alice Springs .
The Oblong Friends Meeting House is a late 18th - century Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends in the hamlet of Quaker Hill , in the town of Pawling , Dutchess County , New York , USA listed in the National Register of Historic Places since 1973 .
Paquetville ( 2011 population : 706 ) is a Canadian village in Gloucester County , New Brunswick .
The Cimarron Solar Facility is a 37 megawatt ( MWp ) ( 30 MW AC ) photovoltaic solar generating facility in Colfax County , New Mexico , that uses thin film solar panels manufactured by First Solar .
Williamstown Lake is a public 333-acre ( 1.35 km2 ) recreational lake and water reservoir in Grant County , Kentucky .
Corinda Los Trancos Creek ( Spanish for `` surrendering skips creek '' ) is a 1.6-mile - long ( 2.6 km ) stream in San Mateo County , California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek .
Si Mueang Chum ( Thai : ศรีเมืองชุม ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Sai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Ragan Dasht ( Persian : رگندشت‎ ; also known as Lagan Dasht ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Moquah Barrens Research Natural Area is a 636-acre ( 257 ha ) area of pine barrens in Bayfield County , Wisconsin .
Wapniarnia Pierwsza ( vapˈɲarɲa ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Creaton is a village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the shire county of Northamptonshire , England .
Bridal Veil Falls Provincial Park is located on the Trans - Canada Highway just east of Rosedale , British Columbia , Canada , part of the City of Chilliwack .
Martini Creek is a coastal stream whose watershed lies entirely within San Mateo County , California , United States on the western exposures of the Montara mountain block , discharging to the Pacific Ocean .
Kalat - e Jangal ( Persian : كلات جنگل‎ , also Romanized as Kalāt - e Jangal ; also known as Jangal and Kalāteh - ye Jangal ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cameron Village was the first planned community to be developed in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Westwood Plateau is a neighbourhood in the northern region of Coquitlam , British Columbia , bounded by the city boundary with Port Moody to the west , David Avenue to the south , and Pipeline Road to the east .
Brightwell - cum - Sotwell is a twin - village and civil parish in the Upper Thames Valley in South Oxfordshire .
Teslin Airport ( IATA : YZW , ICAO : CYZW ) is located on the northwest side of Teslin , Yukon , Canada , and is operated by the Yukon government .
The Ontonagon School is a former school building located at 301 Greenland Road in Ontonagon , Michigan .
Amos Anderson Art Museum ( Finnish : Amos Andersonin taidemuseo , Swedish : Amos Andersons konstmuseum ) is a museum in Helsinki , Finland .
WKXW ( 101.5 FM , `` New Jersey 101.5 '' ) is a radio station based just outside Trenton , New Jersey .
Woodruff County Airport ( FAA LID : M60 ) is a county - owned public - use airport in Woodruff County , Arkansas , United States .
Tapaq ( Persian : طپق‎ , also Romanized as Tapāq ; also known as Ţabaq ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Cherokee National Forest headquarters are located in Cleveland , Tennessee .
The Shoshone lava field is a lava plain in the U.S. state of Idaho , located in Lincoln County north of the city of Shoshone .
Wólka Różańska ( ˈvulka ruˈʐaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Clackamas Lake Ranger Station Historic District is a Forest Service compound consisting of eleven historic buildings located in the Mount Hood National Forest in the Cascade Mountains of northern Oregon .
Snyder 's Lake is an unofficial hamlet of North Greenbush in Rensselaer County , New York , United States .
Suiyang District ( Chinese : 睢阳区 ; Pinyin : Suīyáng Qū ) is one of the two districts of the city of Shangqiu , Henan , China .
Hildenborough is a village and rural parish in the borough of Tonbridge and Malling in Kent , England .
Bjarnason Island is an island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut .
Southbury Training School is a large residential facility in the towns of Southbury and Roxbury , Connecticut .
Dhalla ( Urdu : ڈھـلہ‎ ) is a small town of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Mount Kennedy is a peak in the Saint Elias Mountains within Kluane National Park , in Yukon , Canada .
Achnagarron ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh nan Gearran ) is a small village in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Chigwell School is a co - educational day and boarding independent school in Chigwell , in the Epping Forest district of Essex , England .
Ahangar Kola - ye Olya ( Persian : اهنگركلاعليا‎ , also Romanized as Āhangar Kolā - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 925 , in 233 families .
WZBZ is a radio station also known as `` 99.3 The Buzz '' in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Samułki Małe ( saˈmuu̯kʲi ˈmawɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Самулки Малі , Samulky Mali ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ab Ghar ( Persian : ابغار‎ , also Romanized as Āb Ghār ; also known as Āb Qār ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Berca is a commune located in the hillside of Buzău County , Romania , in the valley of the Buzău river .
Herrontown Woods Arboretum ( 142 acres ) is an arboretum located on Snowden Lane near the junction with Herrontown Road , in Princeton , New Jersey .
The Tulsequah River , formerly the Talsekwe River , is a tributary of the Taku River in northwestern British Columbia , located south of the Atlin District and inland from Juneau , Alaska .
Bouzonville ( German : Busendorf , Lorraine Franconian : Busendroff ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in northeastern France .
Lyme - Old Lyme High School is a coeducational public school located at 69 Lyme Street in Old Lyme , Connecticut .
Krenzler Field is a soccer stadium in Cleveland , Ohio on the campus of Cleveland State University .
Harmony Mill No . 3 , also known as the `` Mastodon Mill , '' is a historic mill located at Cohoes in Albany County , New York .
The Valle di Muggio is situated in Ticino in Switzerland and is the southernmost valley of the country .
Wola Studzieńska ( ˈvɔla stuˈd͡ʑeɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bayons ( Baion in Occitan ) is a French commune in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region of south - eastern France .
San Giovanni a Carbonara is a Gothic church in Naples , southern Italy .
Ottumwa Public Library is a public library located in downtown Ottumwa , Iowa , United States .
Pforzheim Hauptbahnhof is the main station in the city of Pforzheim in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Centre - du - Québec ( French pronunciation : ​(sɑ̃tʁ dy kebɛk ) , Central Quebec ) is a region of Quebec , Canada .
Downtown Guelph is the heart of the city of Guelph , Ontario .
The Quinta Vergara Amphitheater is an open - air amphitheater within the Parque Quinta Vergara located in Viña del Mar , Chile .
Gudemnis ( Armenian : Գուդեմնիս ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
SEB Arena is tennis and squash arena in Vilnius .
Nowostawy Górne ( nɔvɔsˈtavɨ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Anah Hajji ( Persian : آنه حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Ānāh Ḩājjī ; also known as Ānā Ḩājjī ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kagalaska Island ( Aleut : Qigalaxsix̂ ) is an island in the Andreanof Islands of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska .
Mebonden is a village that is the administrative centre of the municipality of Selbu in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Varavi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان وراوئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Varavi District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Broughton Crossing is a small settlement located between the Buckinghamshire villages of Bierton and Broughton in England .
Grumbla ( Cornish : An Gromlegh , meaning the cromlech ) is a hamlet in the parish of Sancreed , Cornwall , England .
Tahanea Atoll is an atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia .
Qeshlaq - e Malard ( Persian : قشلاق ملارد‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Malārd ) is a village in Malard Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Niska Isle , despite its name , is not an island , but a peninsula in the town of Niskayuna , New York .
The Eagle Mountains are located in northeastern Riverside County , California , U.S.
Wiklino ( viˈklinɔ ) ( German Beckel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Strękowizna ( strɛŋkɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Dean E. Smith Student Activities Center ( usually called simply the Dean Smith Center and popularly referred to as the Dean Dome ) is a multi - purpose arena in Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
Wyoming Apartments is an historic apartment building , located at 2022 Columbia Road , Northwest , Washington , D.C. in the Kalorama neighborhood .
The Erivan K. Haub School of Business is the business school of Saint Joseph 's University , located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Emma Wood State Beach is a California State Beach in Ventura County , California .
Sesame Place is a children 's theme park , located on the outskirts of Langhorne , Pennsylvania based on the Sesame Street television program .
KSRY ( 103.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a modern rock format as a simulcast of KYSR ( Alt 98.7 ) in Los Angeles , California .
Zaprężyn ( zaˈprɛ̃ʐɨn ) ( German : Sapraschine ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mashown Kola ( Persian : مشون كلا‎ , also Romanized as Mashown Kolā ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lower Fremont Glacier is east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Upper Salmon Falls are the uppermost of a series of falls on the Snake River , about 40 miles West of Shoshone Falls , in between Gooding County and Twin Falls County , Idaho .
A mountain in north - central Crete , Mount Juktas ( Greek : Γιούχτας ) , also spelled Iuktas , Iouktas , or Ioukhtas , was an important religious site for the Minoan civilization .
New Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Ridge - and - Valley Appalachians in Grant and Mineral counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Lemańsk ( ˈlɛmaɲsk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Balsam Lake Mountain is one of the Catskill Mountains , located in the Town of Hardenburgh , New York , United States .
Bortala Mongol Autonomous Prefecture ( Chinese : 博尔塔拉蒙古自治州 ; Uyghur : بۆرتالا موڭغۇل ئاپتونوم ئوبلاستى‎ ) , abbreviated to Bortala ( Chinese : 博州 ; pinyin : Bózhōu ) , is a Mongol autonomous prefecture in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the China .
The Providence Fruit and Produce Warehouse Company Building was a historic building located at 6 - 64 Harris Avenue in Providence , Rhode Island .
Qorghan ( Persian : قرغن‎ , also Romanized as Qarghan ; also known as Gharghan , Qūrghan , and Qūrqan ) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Titular Church of Santa Maria Madre del Redentore a Tor Bella Monaca is one of the titular churches of Rome to which Cardinal Priests of the Roman Catholic Church may be appointed .
The Neet Covered Bridge is a Burr Arch single span structure that was built by Joseph J. Daniels in 1904 over Little Raccoon Creek southwest of Rockville , Indiana .
Krosno - Młyn ( ˈkrɔsnɔ ˈmwɨn ) ( German : Mühle Krossen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Cut Foot Sioux Trail is a 22-mile ( 35 km ) loop trail in the Chippewa National Forest of Minnesota , USA .
Ardeha ( Persian : اردها‎ , also Romanized as Ardehā and Ardahā ) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
KUFW ( 90.5 FM , `` La Campesina 90.5 FM '' ) is an American non - commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Woodlake in Tulare County , California .
Hells Canyon National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located on the borders of the U.S. states of Oregon and Idaho .
Wyszmontów ( vɨʂˈmɔntuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Torgormack is a crofting township in the Inverness - shire region in the Scottish council area of the Highland and is located close to Beauly
St. Paul 's Episcopal Church and Lodge are a pair of historic church buildings at 226 W. Main Street in Vernal , Utah .
Kozarze ( kɔˈzaʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hamandeh ( Persian : همنده‎ ; also known as Hamand ) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Château de Carbonat is a French castle located in Arpajon - sur - Cère , in Cantal ( Auvergne ) .
Jumpingpound Mountain ( elevation 2,225 m ( 7,300 ft ) ) is a mountain located 24 km ( 15 mi ) west of Bragg Creek , Alberta in Kananaskis Country .
Lakewood Airport ( FAA LID : N12 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Lakewood , in Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
The Reeperbahn ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʀeːpɐˌbaːn ) ) is a street in Hamburg 's St. Pauli district , one of the two centres of Hamburg 's nightlife and also the city 's red - light district .
Larraín Alcalde , or Estación Larraín Alcalde ( Spanish for Larraín Alcalde Station , pronounced : ( estaˈsion laraˈin alˈkalde ) ) , is a Chilean village located east of Pichilemu , Cardenal Caro Province .
Les Pierres de Lecq ( Jèrriais : Les Pièrres dé Lé ) or the Paternosters are a group of uninhabitable rocks or a reef in the Bailiwick of Jersey between Jersey and Sark , 6 km north of Grève de Lecq in Saint Mary , and 22.4 km west of the Cotentin Peninsula in Normandy .
The Bedford Block is an historic commercial building at 99 Bedford Street Boston , Massachusetts in an area called Church Green .
Burnas Lagoon ( Ukrainian : Бурнас , Romanian : Limanul Burnas ) is a marine lagoon ( or liman ) , located in southern Ukraine in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast .
Seurasaari ( Swedish : Fölisön ) is an island and a district in Helsinki , Finland , known mostly as the location of the Seurasaari Open - Air Museum , which consists of old , mainly wooden buildings transplanted from elsewhere in Finland and placed in the dense forest landscape of the island .
Estand ( Persian : استند‎ ; also known as Īstīn and Eskand ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dye Branch is a small creek that runs from Duke University 's East Campus , through the Trinity Heights , Walltown , and Old West Durham neighborhoods of Durham , North Carolina .
Takovo ( Serbian : Таково ) is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia .
Lasipalatsi ( Swedish : Glaspalatset ; meaning literally `` glass palace '' ) is a functionalist office building designed in the 1930s , located on Mannerheimintie in the Kamppi district of Helsinki , Finland .
Richard 's Castle is a village , castle and two civil parishes on the border of the counties of Herefordshire and Shropshire in England .
Kwaaiman Pass , ( English : Angry Man ) , is situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , on the road between Cala , Eastern Cape and Tsomo .
Wintergreen Resort is a four - season mountain resort on the eastern slopes of the Blue Ridge Mountains , located in Nelson County , Virginia and the town of Nellysford .
Devils Lake State Recreation Area ( also Devils Lake State Park ) is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Diana 's Baths is a series of small waterfalls located in the southeastern corner of the town of Bartlett , New Hampshire , near the village of North Conway in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , United States .
Koovappally is a small village under Kanjirappally Taluk in the Kottayam district of Kerala , India .
Dieffenthal ( German : Dieffental ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
The Penn State Golf Courses are two 18-hole courses located in State College , Pennsylvania , USA , operated by The Pennsylvania State University .
Marjaneh ( Persian : مرجانه‎ , also Romanized as Marjāneh ) is a village in Zaveh Rural District , in the Central District of Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gosaba ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 19 Jaynagar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) .
Kamalabad - e Pain ( Persian : كمال ابادپائين‎ , also Romanized as Kamālābād - e Pā’īn ; also known as Kamālābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Mashhad - e Miqan Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mohebb - e Pain ( Persian : محب پائين‎ , also Romanized as Moḩebb - e Pā’īn ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Moḩebb - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pinheiral ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( piɲejˈɾaw ) ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro .
Mah Kariz ( Persian : ماه كاريز‎ , also Romanized as Māh Kārīz ; also known as Meh Kārīz ) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Likszany ( likˈʂanɨ ) ( German Lixainen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Harbo is a locality situated in Heby Municipality , Uppsala County , Sweden with 721 inhabitants in 2010 .
Shakargaravand ( Persian : شكرگراوند‎‎ , also Romanized as Shaḵargarāvand ) is a village in Kunani Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Žurge ( pronounced ( ˈʒuːɾɡɛ ) ; German : Sürgern ) is a small village in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
Moton Field Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 06A ) is a public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 3.5 mi , 5.6 km ) north of the central business district of Tuskegee , a city in Macon County , Alabama , United States .
County Yard is a rail yard in New Brunswick , New Jersey , USA along the Northeast Corridor ( NEC ) .
Ab Hamam ( Persian : اب حمام‎ , also Romanized as Āb Ḩamām ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wœrth or Woerth ( German : Wörth an der Sauer ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Backbone State Park is Iowa 's oldest state park , dedicated in 1919 .
New Barnet railway station is in the London Borough of Barnet in north London , England .
Chah - e Roqani , Hashemabad ( Persian : چاه روغنی‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Petham is a rural village and civil parish in the North Downs , five miles south of Canterbury in Kent , South East England .
Tangadagi ( Kannada : ತಂಗಡಗಿ ) is a village in the Muddebihal taluk of Bijapur district in Karnataka state , India .
Huguenot Memorial Bridge is located in Henrico County and the independent city of Richmond , Virginia .
Zard - e Narak ( Persian : زردنرك‎ , also Romanized as Zard Narak ; also known as Barzak and Zard Tarak ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Plant City Airport ( ICAO : KPCM , FAA LID : PCM ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southwest of the central business district of Plant City in Hillsborough County , Florida , United States .
Kheyratabad - e Barkatak ( Persian : خيرات ابادبركتك‎ , also Romanized as Kheyratābād - e Barkatak ; also known as Kheyratābād - e Bazkatak ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Halland County ( Hallands län ) is a county ( län ) on the western coast of Sweden .
Tromøy is the largest island in Southern Norway , a former municipality in Aust - Agder county , and is currently an important part of the present - day municipality of Arendal .
Yanchi County ( simplified Chinese : 盐池县 ; traditional Chinese : 鹽池縣 ; pinyin : Yánchí Xiàn ; Wade -- Giles : Yan2-ch'ih2 Hsien4 ) is a county under the administration of Wuzhong city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Gravellona Lomellina ( Gravalùna in the local variety of Western Lombard ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 35 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km northwest of Pavia .
Steenburg Tavern is a historic Revolutionary War - era tavern located at Rhinecliff , Dutchess County , New York .
Dąbrowa - Kaski ( dɔmˈbrɔva ˈkaski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ansley Park is an affluent residential neighborhood in Atlanta , Georgia , located just east of Midtown and west of Piedmont Park .
The Sacramento City Library , also known as Central Branch , is part of the Sacramento Public Library system , and faces I Street in Sacramento , California near Sacramento City Hall .
Navajo Lake Airport ( FAA LID : 1V0 ) is a public use airport owned by the New Mexico State Highway and Transportation Department and located in San Juan County , New Mexico , United States .
The Central New Bedford Historic District is one of nine historic districts in New Bedford , Massachusetts , United States .
The Château de Wineck is a ruined castle in the Wineckerthal quarter of the commune of Dambach in the Bas - Rhin département of France .
Lolugu is a village near Srikakulam town in Ponduru mandal division , Andhra Pradesh .
Malshiras is a town and the headquarters of Malshiras taluka in Solapur district of Maharashtra state in western India .
Patuxent High School ( pronounced- Pa - tucks - ent ) is a comprehensive , four - year public high school in Lusby , Calvert County , Maryland , USA .
Inverkip ( Scottish Gaelic : Inbhir Chip ) is a village and parish falling within the Inverclyde council area and historic county of Renfrewshire in the west central Lowlands of Scotland .
The Cushing American Legion Building is an American Legion hall located at 212 S. Noble in Cushing , Oklahoma .
Edinburgh College of Art ( ECA ) is an art , design , creative and performing arts school in Edinburgh , the oldest and largest in Scotland , providing higher education in art and design , architecture , history of art and music disciplines for over two thousand University of Edinburgh students .
Kermanshah County ( Persian : شهرستان کرمانشاه‎ ) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran , part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan .
Barm - e Jamal ( Persian : برم جمال‎ , also Romanized as Barm - e Jamāl ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Museum of the African Diaspora ( MoAD ) is a museum in San Francisco , California , documenting the African diaspora .
Alden Park Manor is an apartment complex located at School House Lane and Wissahickon Avenue in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Lgota Murowana ( ˈlɡɔta murɔˈvana ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kroczyce , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Manihi Airport ( IATA : XMH , ICAO : NTGI ) is an airport serving Manihi , an atoll in the Tuamotu archipelago in French Polynesia .
Torre dels Escipions is a funerary tower built by the Romans on the outskirts of Tarraco , ancient Roman city that corresponds to the present city of Tarragona ( Catalonia , Spain ) .
Alawoona is a settlement in the Murray Mallee region of South Australia .
Little Haven is a village at the south east corner of St Bride 's Bay in Pembrokeshire , Wales , in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park .
Wilbraham & Monson Academy is a prep school located in Wilbraham , Massachusetts .
AlWood High School , or AHS , is a public four - year high school located at 301 E. Fifth Avenue in Woodhull , Illinois , a village in Clover Township of Henry County , Illinois , in the Midwestern United States .
Lower Onslow is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , located in Colchester County .
Bladon is a village and civil parish on the River Glyme about 6 1⁄2 miles ( 10.5 km ) northwest of Oxford , Oxfordshire , England , notable as the burial place of Sir Winston Churchill .
Taku Harbor ( also spelled Taco , Tacou , or Takou ) is a small , remote bay located on the eastern shore of Stephens Passage about 22 miles southeast of central Juneau , Alaska , United States .
The Petawawa River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in Nipissing District and Renfrew County in eastern and northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Steamboat Rock State Park is a 3,522-acre ( 1,425 ha ) Washington state park located near the north end of Banks Lake in the Grand Coulee .
Shah Pesar Mard ( Persian : شاه پسرمرد‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Pesar Mard ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Bushkan District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Dr. Lawrence Branch Young House is a historic home located in Rolesville , North Carolina , a satellite town of the state capital Raleigh .
Windy Hill Wind Farm is a wind power station near Ravenshoe on the Atherton Tablelands , Queensland , Australia .
Bowes Primary School is a primary school with a nursery and a reception located between Stanley Road and Highworth Road on the North Circular Road section of Bowes Road in New Southgate in the London Borough of Enfield in north London .
Congregation Chasam Sopher is an Orthodox synagogue located at 10 Clinton Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan .
Hugh D. and Martha South Seeds Farm , also known as Eden Hill Farm , is a historic home and farm located at Spruce Creek Township in Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
The Carter - Terry - Call House on E. 800 S. in Orem , Utah is believed to have been built in 1899 .
Bartochów ( barˈtɔxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kasmandi Kalan is a small village under the Lucknow district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The current governor ( or başcan ) of Gagauzia , Mihail Formuzal , elected to that post in December , 2006 , was born in Beșghioz in 1959 .
Fort Phil Kearny was an outpost of the United States Army that existed in the late 1860s in present - day northeastern Wyoming along the Bozeman Trail .
WFTN - FM ( Mix 94.1 FM ) is a radio station based in central New Hampshire which airs a CHR music format .
The Arapaho National Recreation Area ( ANRA ) is a United States National Recreation Area that is located near the headwaters of the Colorado River in north central Colorado adjacent to Rocky Mountain National Park .
The Uptown Art Fair is the largest art fair of its kind held in Minnesota .
Cepno ( ˈt͡sɛpnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Conrad Sulzer Regional Library , formerly Hild Regional Library , is one of two regional libraries in the Chicago Public Library system in Chicago , in the U.S. state of Illinois .
St Paul 's Tower ( also called the City Lofts Tower or the Conran Tower ) and St Paul 's View , is an upscale residential development completed in April 2011 situated in the city centre of Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England .
Lakuzhdeh ( Persian : لاكوژده‎ , also Romanized as Lākūzhdeh ; also known as Kūzhdeh ) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District , Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Darreh - ye Jesti ( Persian : دره جستي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Jestī ; also known as Derjestī ) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District , Pariz District , Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cincinnati Times - Star Building at 800 Broadway Street in Cincinnati , Ohio 45202 , is a registered historic building .
The Bunker Hill Covered Bridge is one of two covered bridges left in North Carolina , ( the other being the Pisgah Covered Bridge in Randolph county ) , and is possibly the last wooden bridge in the United States with Haupt truss construction .
Mainz - Gustavsburg station is the station of the town of Ginsheim - Gustavsburg in the German state of Hesse on the Main Railway from Mainz to Frankfurt am Main .
The Clover Hill Mill is a gristmill located in the U.S. city of Maryville , Tennessee .
WCFX is an FM radio station broadcasting at 6,000 watts in Clare , Michigan .
1201 Pennsylvania Avenue is a highrise skyscraper office building in Washington , D.C. on Pennsylvania Avenue .
Azincourt ( French pronunciation : ​(azɛ̃kuʁ ) ; historically , Agincourt /ˈæʒɪnkʊr/ in English ) is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in northern France .
Camp Roger is a Christian youth camp located in Belding , Michigan .
The Nechako Plateau is the northernmost subdivision of the Interior Plateau , one of the main geographic regions of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
The University of Puget Sound ( Puget Sound ) is a private liberal arts college located in the North End of Tacoma , Washington , in the United States .
James Douglas , 4th Earl of Morton , Regent of Scotland , started building Drochil Castle in 1578 , three years before his execution by King James VI .
The Clinton School of Public Service is a branch of the University of Arkansas system and is the newest of the presidential schools .
Dr. C. V. Raman University is located in Kota , Bilaspur district in Chhattisgarh .
Hopkins Correctional Centre ( Ararat ) , an Australian low to medium security prison for males , is located in Ararat , Victoria , Australia , approximately 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) west of Melbourne .
Ano Stavros ( Greek : Άνω Σταυρός ) is a village and a community of the Volvi municipality .
The Datteln - Hamm Canal ( German : Datteln - Hamm - Kanal ) is a canal in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Chah - e Qanbar , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه قنبر‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Chivery is a hamlet located in the Chiltern Hills in the present day parish of Aston Clinton , in Aylesbury Vale District in the county of Buckinghamshire , England .
Kelsey Creek is a creek in Bellevue , Washington on Seattle 's Eastside .
The Brickell World Plaza , also known as 600 Brickell , and formerly known as the Brickell Financial Center , is an office skyscraper in Miami , Florida , United States in the Downtown neighborhood and financial district of Brickell at 600 Brickell Avenue .
Carlops ( Scottish Gaelic : Leum na Caillich ) is a small village in the Pentland Hills , within the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , close to the boundary with Midlothian .
Bromma is a borough ( stadsdelsområde ) in the western part of Stockholm , Sweden , forming part of the Stockholm Municipality .
Wicko Morskie ( ˈvit͡skɔ ˈmɔrskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Ukrainian Village District is a landmark - designated district of residential buildings within the West Town community area of Chicago , Illinois .
The Wanshou Temple ( simplified Chinese : 万寿寺 ; traditional Chinese : 萬壽寺 ; pinyin : Wànshòu Sì ) is a temple located at the Suzhou Jie ( Suzhou street ) in Beijing .
Berag ( Persian : براگ‎ , also Romanized as Berāg ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Koczery ( kɔˈt͡ʂɛrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Vladeck Houses is a public housing development built and maintained by the New York City Housing Authority ( NYCHA ) on the Lower East Side of Manhattan .
The Shepard Block is a historic rowhouse at 298 - -304 Essex Street in Salem , Massachusetts .
Hamlin Park Historic District is a national historic district and neighborhood located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Jhanjharpur is a town and headquarters of a sub - division in the Madhubani district of the state of Bihar , India .
The Centre for International Light Art ( CILA , German : Zentrum für Internationale Lichtkunst ) is an art museum in Unna , Germany .
The Collège des Quatre - Nations ( `` College of the Four Nations '' ) , also known as the Collège Mazarin after its founder , was one of the colleges of the historic University of Paris .
Ardeshiri - ye Vosta ( Persian : اردشيري وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Ardeshīrī - ye Vosţá ; also known as Ardeshīrī - ye Mīānī ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Uranium City is a northern settlement in northern Saskatchewan , Canada .
Wiktorowo - Kolonia ( viktɔˈrɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Łazy Drugie ( ˈwazɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vrhovi ( Serbian : Врхови ) is a village in the municipality of Derventa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Chintada is a village located in Bobbili mandal of the Vizianagaram district ( Earlier in Srikakulam district ) , Andhra Pradesh State in India .
Baliu ( Persian : بليو‎ , also Romanized as Balīū ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Highland United Methodist Church ( also known as Highland Station House ) is a historic Victorian Gothic church building and library at 205 West Livingston Road in Highland , Michigan .
The Town of Roma was a local government area in the western Downs region of Queensland , Australia .
Koiszków ( ˈkɔi̯ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Oshvand ( Persian : عشوند‎ , also Romanized as `` Oshvand and Eshvand ; also known as Amīrābād , Āshīnad , and Oshyand ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 611 , in 140 families .
The Don S. S. Goodloe House , a 1915 - -16 Colonial Revival style building veneered with brick , is significant for its association with Don Speed Smith Goodloe , the first principal of the Maryland Normal and Industrial School .
The Wilgus Site is a prehistoric Native American camp site in coastal Sussex County , Delaware , near Bethany Beach .
Asiyab - e Alikhan ( Persian : اسياب عليخان‎ , also Romanized as Āsīyāb - e ʿAlīkhān ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kobelniki ( kɔbɛlˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Karkku railway station is located in the village of Palviala in the town of Sastamala , Finland .
Owli ( Persian : اولي‎ , also Romanized as Owlī ; also known as Ūlīq ) is a village in Dizmar - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Eastchester High School is located in Westchester County , New York in the town of Eastchester .
Zamojsce ( zaˈmɔi̯st͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Замістя , Zamistia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Unimie ( uˈɲimʲɛ ) ( German : Unheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ytterån ( from Old Norse Ýtriá ' outer river ' ) is a locality situated in Krokom Municipality , Jämtland County , Sweden with 204 inhabitants in 2010 .
Seven Pines and the Seven Pines National Cemetery are located in the unincorporated town of Sandston in Henrico County , Virginia .
Camp Upton was an installation of the United States Army located in Yaphank on Long Island in Suffolk County , New York .
Finsta is according to local tradition the birthplace of Saint Bridget of Sweden , as her father was Lawspeaker of Uppland and local landowner ; other birthplaces have also been suggested .
Magness Arena is a multi - purpose collegiate sports arena in Denver , Colorado .
Valuja ( Persian : ولوجا‎ , also Romanized as Valūjā ) is a village in Gahrbaran - e Shomali Rural District , Gahrbaran District , Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Palmerston Highway ( State Route 25 ) , serves as a link between the southern part of the Atherton Tablelands and the Far North Queensland coastal strip , in Australia .
The Bedford Bypass ( Trunk 33 for 511 service ) is a highway in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
The Brampton Fall Fair is an annual agricultural and entertainment event in Brampton , Ontario , since 1853 .
Qaraqush ( Persian : قرا قوش‎ , also Romanized as Qarāqūsh ; also known as Gharaghoosh , Qarāgāch , and Qareh Qāch ) is a village in Hureh Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Alachiq ( Persian : الاچيق‎ , also Romanized as Ālāchīq ; also known as Ālājīq ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kuganak - e Sofla ( Persian : كوگانك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūgānak - e Soflá ) is a village in Chenarud - e Jonubi Rural District , Chenarud District , Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pogoanele ( Romanian pronunciation : ( poˈɡo̯anele ) ) is a town in the southeastern part of Buzău County , Romania .
Corbera de Llobregat is a municipality situated in the comarca of Baix Llobregat in the province of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Buffalo Township Public Library , now the Polo Public Library , is a library listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Ogle County , Illinois city of Polo .
Northampton Airport ( FAA LID : 7B2 ) is a public airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) northeast of central business district ( CBD ) of Northampton , a city in Hampshire County , Massachusetts , USA .
Norris Dam State Park is a state park in Anderson County and Campbell County , Tennessee , in the southeastern United States .
The Vernon Building is an Italianate style four - story mixed - used building in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Poganice ( pɔɡaˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German Poganitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wrong Lake Airport , ( TC LID : CJG4 ) , is located next to Wrong Lake , Manitoba , Canada .
The Port of New Orleans is a port located in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Cabo da Praia is a civil parish on the east coast of the municipality of Praia da Vitória on the Portuguese island of Terceira in the Azores .
Hryshkivtsi(Ukrainian : Гришківці ) is an urban - type settlement in Berdychiv Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Tazeh Kand - e Madan ( Persian : تازه كندمعدن‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Ma``dan ) is a village in Gorgin Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 107 , in 19 families .
Salbertrand is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , about 60 km west of Turin .
Scior Carera ( Milanese for `` Mister Carera '' ) and Omm de preja ( Milanese for `` stone man '' ) are traditional , popular names used to refer to an ancient Roman sculpture located in Milan ( Italy ) , at nr . 13 of Corso Vittorio Emanuele ( next to the Duomo ) .
The Kingston Centre ( originally Kingston Shopping Centre ) was an indoor mall built in Kingston , Ontario in 1955 and demolished in 2004 .
Frank Cignetti Field at George P. Miller Stadium is a stadium located on the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania in Indiana , Pennsylvania .
Saint Lucia Channel is a strait in the Caribbean , at 14.15 ° N 60.95 ° W. It separates Martinique and Saint Lucia .
Yiu Tung Public Library ( 耀東公立圖書館 ) is a public library , located in Yiu Tung Estate , Shau Kei Wan , Hong Kong .
The Church of Our Lady and St Rose of Lima , Weoley Castle is a Roman Catholic parish in the Archdiocese of Birmingham .
MacNaughton Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County , New York , named after James MacNaughton ( 1851 - -1905 ) , the grandson of Archibald McIntyre .
Cistercian Preparatory School is a Roman Catholic school for young men located in Irving , Texas , in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dallas .
Acantilados de Los Gigantes ( `` Cliffs of the Giants '' ) are vertical cliffs along the western coast of Tenerife .
Somar Jan ( Persian : سمارجان‎ , also Romanized as Somār Jān ; also known as Somād Jān ) is a village in Simakan Rural District , in the Central District of Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Garmabak ( Persian : گرمابك‎ , also Romanized as Garmābak ) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Wallkill Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York state in the USA .
El Far d'Empordà ( Spanish : Alfar ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà , Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Poprzeczka ( pɔˈpʂɛt͡ʂka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Parhuz - e Emamzadeh Jafar ( Persian : پارحوض امامزاده جعفر‎ , also Romanized as Pārḥūz̤-e Emāmzādeh Jaʿfar ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Carstairs / Bishell 's Airport , ( TC LID : CGB2 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) northeast of Carstairs , Alberta , Canada .
Harrisburg Area Community College ( HACC ) is a community college system in the United States serving the greater Harrisburg , Pennsylvania metropolitan area and south - central Pennsylvania .
Třeštice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtr̝̊ɛʃcɪtsɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Bressay is a populated island in the Shetland Islands of Scotland .
Shoreline Amphitheatre is an outdoor amphitheater located in Mountain View , California , in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Villa Lewaro , formerly known as the Anne E. Poth Home , is a 20,000 square feet ( 1,900 m2 ) mansion located at Fargo Lane and North Broadway ( US 9 ) in Irvington , New York .
Achaphubuil ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh a ' Phùbaill- the field of the tent or pavilion ) is a small settlement in the north of Ardgour , in Lochaber , in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Basinghall Street ( sometimes written as `` Bassinghall '' ) is a street in the City of London , England .
Sorbie Tower is a fortified tower house 1 mile east of the village of Sorbie , Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Smaltz Building , also known as the Smaltz - Goodwin Building , is a historic factory building located in the Callowhill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Arthur W. and Chloe B. Cole House , also known as The Octagon House and Cole 's Castle , is an historic octagonal house located at 5803 Rocky Branch Road in Houston , Missouri .
Bączałka ( bɔnˈt͡ʂau̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Henzeni ( Persian : هنزني‎ , also Romanized as Henzenī ; also known as Henzenī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Haviq Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chilaw ( හලාවත/Halāvata in Sinhala and சிலாபம் /Cilāpam in Tamil ) is a large town in Puttalam District , North Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Prudential Center is a multi - purpose indoor arena in the central business district of Newark , New Jersey , United States .
Oldham Street is in Manchester city centre and forms part of the city 's historic Northern Quarter district .
Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Nazaré ( Our Lady of Nazareth Church ) is a colonial church in Luanda , Angola , built in 1664 .
Buyck 's Bluff Archeological Site is a historic archaeological site located near St. Matthews , Calhoun County , South Carolina .
Gedu - ye Pain ( Persian : گدوپايين‎ , also Romanized as Gedū - ye Pā’īn and Gedū Pā’īn ; also known as Gedū ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Trojanówek ( trɔjaˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Qaland - e Sofla ( Persian : قالندسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qāland - e Soflá and Qālend - e Soflá ; also known as Qālend - e Pā’īn and Qālend - e Sheykhhā ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Third Meetinghouse is an historic meeting house and Grange Hall at 1 Fairhaven Road in Mattapoisett , Massachusetts .
Dubne ( ˈdubnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Дубне , Dubne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Huntersville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on CR 21 at WV 39 in Huntersville , Pocahontas County , West Virginia .
Owptan ( Persian : اوپتن‎ , also Romanized as Owptan ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bakhtabad - e Pain ( Persian : بخت ابادپائين‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtābād - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Gahagan Mounds Site ( 16RR1 ) is an Early Caddoan Mississippian culture archaeological site in Red River Parish , Louisiana .
Kiddee Koaster is a steel junior roller coaster located at Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio , Texas .
Dziekanów ( d͡ʑeˈkanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Jaqueira is a city located in the state of Pernambuco , Brazil with an estimated ( Ibge 2009 ) population of 12,642 .
The Kaigetsudō school ( 懐月堂派 , -ha ) was a school of ukiyo - e painting and printmaking founded in Edo around 1700 - -1714 .
Peel Memorial Hospital ( PMH ) was a 367-bed acute care hospital located in central Brampton , Ontario .
Pagolle ( Basque : Phagola ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Jeju National University is a South Korean national university , which is situated in Jeju City , the provincial capital of Jeju Province .
The Riverina Plains Important Bird Area comprises some 10,668 km2 of agricultural grassland in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .
Güzelyurt , formerly Gelveri , is a town and district of Aksaray Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey , at a distance of 45 km ( 28 mi ) from the city of Aksaray .
Dadaneh ( Persian : دادانه‎ , also Romanized as Dādāneh ) is a village in Abidar Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Skołatowo ( skɔwaˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Salbitschijen is a mountain in the Urner Alps , overlooking Göschenen in the canton of Uri .
Fianga is a town in Chad and capital of the Mont Illi district .
The Glemmtal ( `` Glemm Valley '' ) in the Austrian state of Salzburg is the valley of the roughly 30 km long upper reaches of the River Saalach .
Szarkówka ( ʂarˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Charsznica , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Lost Dutchman State Park is a 320-acre ( 129 ha ) state park located near the Superstition Mountains in central Arizona , USA , and named after the Lost Dutchman 's Gold Mine , a famous gold mine legendary among the tales of the Old West .
Darreh Vazga ( Persian : دره وزگا‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Vazgā ; also kown as Darreh Vazgāh and Darreh - ye Vazqāh ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Zaboli Mahalleh - ye Mahastan ( Persian : زابلي محله ماهستان‎ , also Romanized as Zābolī Maḩalleh - ye Māhastān ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Quri Darreh ( Persian : قوري دره‎ , also Romanized as Qūrī Darreh ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bujnów ( ˈbui̯nuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
East Orange Campus High School is a comprehensive community public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in the city of East Orange , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States , on the former campus of Upsala College .
Volandia ( full name : Volandia -- Parco e museo del volo , Italian for Park and Museum of Flight ) is an Italian aviation museum , located near the Malpensa Airport in the comune of Somma Lombardo , in the Province of Varese .
Bikus ( Persian : بيكوس‎ , also Romanized as Bīkūs and Bikows ; also known as Bekos ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Thirumanikuzhi or Thirumaanikuzhi ( Tamil : திருமாணிகுழி ) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district , state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Suryapur is a village in the Jutpani Village development committee of the Chitwan District in Nepal .
Tork Pikeh ( Persian : ترك پيكه‎ , also Romanized as Torḵ Pīḵeh ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rudik - e Sahebdad ( Persian : روديك صاحبداد‎ , also Romanized as Rūdīk - e Şāḩebdād ; also known as Rūdīg - e Şāḩebdād and Rūdīk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Safari Off Road Adventure is a safari attraction currently operating at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson Township , New Jersey .
Ankalgi is a village in Gokak taluk , Belgaum district of Karnataka state in southern India .
Przydworzyce ( pʂɨdvɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Blue Jay Creek is a river on Manitoulin Island in Central Manitoulin and Tehkummah townships , Manitoulin District in northeastern Ontario , Canada and a tributary of Lake Huron .
The Lakeview Tithing Office , also known as the Bunnell Creamery , is a historic building located in Provo , Utah .
Wrogocin ( vrɔˈɡɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Baffin Bay ( Inuktitut : Saknirutiak Imanga ; French : Baie de Baffin ) , located between Baffin Island and the southwest coast of Greenland , is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean .
Chilhowee Gliderport ( FAA LID : 92A ) is a privately owned public - use glider airport located four nautical miles ( 5 mi , 7 km ) northeast of the central business district of Benton , in Polk County , Tennessee , United States .
Tizimín Municipality is one of the 106 municipalities of Yucatán with a municipal seat of the same name .
Dromineer ( Irish : Drom Inbhir , meaning `` ridge of the river mouth '' ) is a small village and townland in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Tahrestan ( Persian : طهرستان‎ , also Romanized as Tahrestān and Ţahrestān ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Moszyn ( ˈmɔʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Farm to Market Road 122 ( FM 122 ) is a short farm - to - market road in Ralls , Texas .
Brecon ( Welsh : Aberhonddu ) , archaically known as Brecknock , is a market town and community in Powys , Mid Wales , with a population in 2001 of 7,901 , increasing to 8,250 at the 2011 Census .
Zamość Nowy ( ˈzamɔɕt͡ɕ ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Miramar Reservoir is a reservoir located in the Scripps Miramar Ranch community of San Diego , California .
Heughscar Hill is a hill in the east of the English Lake District , east of Ullswater and north of High Street , Cumbria .
Piramanoor ( Piramanur / Brahmanur ) is a village in Tiruppuvanam block , Sivaganga district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Lewin 's Cove is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
The Fish Slough Area of Critical Environmental Concern is a protected slough in Inyo County , California
RAAF Base Uranquinty was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) base located at Uranquinty , New South Wales .
Mularzów ( muˈlaʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Airthrey Castle is a historic building and estate which now forms part of the buildings and grounds of the University of Stirling in central Scotland .
Ebbets Field was a Major League Baseball stadium in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn , New York City .
Works Progress Administration works at Arrow Rock State Historic Site , near Arrow Rock , Missouri , are works built by Works Progress Administration workers during 1934 to 1937 .
Peychun ( Persian : پيچون‎ , also Romanized as Peychūn ; also known as Pā’ī Chūn and Pa yi Chun ) is a village in Negel Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Hillsboro Trail is a rail trail in Shelby County , Alabama .
Cross Houses is a village in Shropshire , England , the largest village in the Parish of Berrington .
Pakuły ( paˈkuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Cheshmeh Reshteh ( Persian : چشمه رشته‎‎ ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Mußbach is a stream , nearly 12 miles long , in the eastern Palatinate Forest and in the Anterior Palatinate region in the south of German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Audubon County Airport ( ICAO : KADU , FAA LID : ADU ) , formerly Audubon Municipal Airport , is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Audubon , a city in Audubon County , Iowa , United States .
Stara Brda Pilska ( ˈstara ˈbrda ˈpilska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gurdwara Dukh Nivaran Sahib is situated in what used to be the village of Lehal , now part of Patiala city .
Nellie Falls is a waterfall on the Middle Fork of the Snoqualmie River in Washington , in the United States .
Papord is a small village in the Beohari block , Shahdol district in Madhya Pradesh .
Palmer Municipal Airport ( IATA : PAQ , ICAO : PAAQ , FAA LID : PAQ ) is a public airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) southeast of the central business district of Palmer , a city in Matanuska - Susitna Borough , Alaska , United States .
Sharples Separator Works , also known as the Gumas Warehouse and Kauffman Warehouse , is a historic factory complex located in West Chester , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Barnsbury is an area of north London in the London Borough of Islington , in the N1 postal district .
Swabia Creek is a tributary of Little Lehigh Creek in Berks and Lehigh Counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Dobrynka ( dɔˈbrɨŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
East Bergholt is a village in the Babergh District of Suffolk , England , just north of the Essex border .
Phantom Lake is a small lake inside the city limits of Bellevue , Washington .
Drumtochty Castle is a neo - gothic style castellated mansion erected in the year 1812 approximately three kilometres northwest of Auchenblae , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Mount Mansfield Union High School ( MMU ) is a high school located near the center of Jericho , Vermont .
Conon Bridge ( Scottish Gaelic : Drochaid Sguideil , pronounced ( d̪̊ɾɔxɪd̊ʲ s̪ɡ̊ud̊ʲal ) ) is a small village in the Highland region of Scotland .
Sosenki - Jajki ( sɔˈsɛŋki ˈjai̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Crymych is a community , and a village of around 400 inhabitants in the northeast of Pembrokeshire , Wales , situated approximately 800 feet ( 240 m ) above sea level at the eastern end of the Preseli Mountains .
San Fernando Road is a major street in the City of Los Angeles and Los Angeles County .
The Lowell Memorial Auditorium is an indoor facility located in downtown Lowell , Massachusetts .
The Portal Bridge is a railroad bridge over the Hackensack River in northeastern New Jersey , USA , just west of Secaucus Junction .
Estarj ( Persian : استارج‎ , also Romanized as Estārj ; also known as Estāj ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Beaver Street Historic District is a residential historic district in the Main South part of Worcester , Massachusetts .
The Austberg , also called the Augsberg or Augstberg , is a low hill , 292 m above sea level ( NN ) , in the northern Harz Foreland near the village of Benzingerode in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
The Santa Fe Institute ( SFI ) is an independent , nonprofit theoretical research institute located in Santa Fe ( New Mexico , United States ) and dedicated to the multidisciplinary study of the fundamental principles of complex adaptive systems , including physical , computational , biological , and social systems .
Brzeziny Nowe ( bʐɛˈʑinɨ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Alessandria della Rocca ( Sicilian : Lisciànnira di la Rocca ) is a comune and small agricultural town located in west central Sicily in the northern part of the Province of Agrigento , in Italy .
Kingsland Homestead , located in Murray Hill , Queens is a New York City landmark and member of the Historic House Trust .
Pretiša ( Serbian : Претиша ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Osborne Junction , more commonly known as Confusion Corner , is a street intersection in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Półkoty ( puu̯ˈkɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Holland Performing Arts Center is a performing arts facility located on 13th and Douglas Streets in downtown Downtown Omaha , Nebraska , Nebraska in the United States ; it opened in October 2005 .
The Heinrich A. Rattermann House was a historic residence in the West End neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Compton Dundon is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated beside King 's Sedge Moor and the Polden Hills , 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Glastonbury and 4 miles ( 6 km ) north of Somerton in the South Somerset district .
Citicasters Tower Holiday is a 417.4 metre high guy - wired aerial mast for the transmission of FM radio and television programs in Holiday , Florida , USA ( Geographical coordinates : 28 ° 10′57``N 82 ° 46′5''W ) .
Montorio Veronese is a frazione of Verona in Northern Italy .
L. Frazier Banks Middle School ( formerly Banks High School ) was a former high school and middle school in the Birmingham Public School System in Birmingham , Alabama , USA .
Sartel ( Persian : سرتل‎ ; also known as Sūtel ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome ( commonly called the Metrodome ) was a domed sports stadium located in downtown Minneapolis , Minnesota .
National Park Service Southwest Regional Office , also known as National Park Service Region III Headquarters Building , is an office building in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Chamani - ye Vasat ( Persian : چماني وسط‎ , also Romanized as Chamanī - ye Vasaţ and Chamānī - ye Vasaţ ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Marina Club or Marina Club of Tampa is a gated residential condominium neighborhood located along the Hillsborough River within the city limits of Tampa , Florida .
Christchurch Harbour is a natural harbour in the county of Dorset , on the south coast of England named after the nearby town of Christchurch .
The Highlands Museum and Discovery Center is a heritage center and science center located in Ashland , Kentucky , United States .
Shahr - e Gholghola also ( City of Screams ) is 13th century city in Bamyan , Afghanistan which was conquered by Gengis Khan after months of surrounding .
East Rochester Junior - Senior High School ( ERHS ) is a public high school serving 596 students in the seventh through twelfth grade in East Rochester in the U.S. state of New York and is part of the East Rochester Union Free School District .
Santa Cruz Sky Park was an airport located in Scotts Valley , California , within Santa Cruz County .
The Wild Mary Sudik gusher was an oil well blowout that took place on March 26 , 1930 in what is now Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , USA .
Turo ( ˈturɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lampedusa e Linosa ( Sicilian : Lampidusa e Linusa ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region of Sicily .
Santa Rosa Route 66 Airport ( ICAO : KSXU , FAA LID : SXU , formerly I58 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Santa Rosa , a town in Guadalupe County , New Mexico , United States .
The Théâtre du Vaudeville ( today the Gaumont Opéra cinema ) was a theatre in Paris .
In 2002 , in partnership with a dedicated Board and a forward - thinking developer , Dixon Place purchased an industrial space on Chrystie Street in Lower Manhattan .
Steenkerque is part of the municipality of Braine - le - Comte , province of Hainaut , Wallonia .
Bar Aftab - e Zafari ( Persian : برافتاب ظفري‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Z̧afarī ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Klusiny ( kluˈɕinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chah - e Soltan , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه سلطان‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Świetlikowa Wola ( ɕfjɛtliˈkɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Narva Triumphal Arch ( lit . Gate , Russian : На́рвские триумфа́льные воро́та ) was erected in the vast Narva Square ( known as Stachek Square since 1923 ) , Saint Petersburg , in 1814 to commemorate the Russian victory over Napoleon .
Gaudyny ( ɡauˈdɨnɨ ) ( German : Gauden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Michałkowa ( mixau̯ˈkɔva ) ( German : Michelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walim , within Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Burris Laboratory School is a kindergarten through twelfth grade public laboratory school located on the west side of Muncie , Indiana .
Odstock is a village and civil parish about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) south of Salisbury in Wiltshire , England .
The Christian Allemong House , also known as the Amos Janney House , is located near Summit Point , West Virginia .
Didenheim ( French pronunciation : ​(didənaim ) ; Alsatian : Didena ) is a former commune in the Haut - Rhin department in north - eastern France .
Mytarz ( ˈmɨtaʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Żmigród , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Hai Bà Trưng District ( Trưng Sisters District ) is the most populous ( est . 378,000 ) urban district ( quận ) of Hanoi , the capital city of Vietnam .
The Schiecentrale is a national monument in Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Toruń Włościański ( ˈtɔruɲ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Belfast International Airport ( IATA : BFS , ICAO : EGAA ) is a major airport located 11.5 NM ( 21.3 km ; 13.2 mi ) northwest of Belfast in Northern Ireland .
Oakland City Hall is the seat of government for the city of Oakland , California .
Hacienda San Ildefonso Teya ( aka Hacienda Teya ) is located in the Kanasín Municipality in the state of Yucatán in southeastern Mexico .
Cichoradz ( t͡ɕiˈxɔrat͡s ) ( German : Tannhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Akbarabad - e Bala ( Persian : اكبرابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Kelarestaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Wendy 's massacre was a mass murder that took place in a Wendy 's fast - food restaurant at 40 - 12 Main Street in Flushing , Queens , New York City , New York , on May 24 , 2000 .
Boquio is a small upland area south of Bolitho in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Marianowo Brodowskie ( marjaˈnɔvɔ brɔˈdɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Thicketty Mountain is a mountain summit in northwestern Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina ( SC ) .
Administratively , it belongs to the Daraa District of the Daraa Governorate and is the center of the Da'el nahiyah ( `` subdistrict '' ) which also includes one other town , Abtaa , to the immediate north .
Steepletop , also known as the Edna St. Vincent Millay House , was the farmhouse home of Pulitzer Prize - winning poet Edna St. Vincent Millay and her husband Eugene Jan Boissevain , in Austerlitz , New York , United States .
Darreh Gav ( Persian : دره گاو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Gāv ) is a village in Chenarud - e Jonubi Rural District , Chenarud District , Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Landkey ( Cornish : Lannke ) is a small village in the county of Devon in the south - west of England with a population of 2274 , falling to 1,734 at the 2011 census .
Abraham Hall , constructed in 1889 , is located on the northeast side of Old Muirkirk Road in the center of the historic African American community of Rossville , a section of Beltsville in Prince George 's County , Maryland .
The Arch and Ridge Streets Historic District is a historic district located in Marquette , Michigan , running along Arch and Ridge Streets from Front Street to Lake Superior .
Villers Abbey ( abbaye de Villers ) is an ancient Cistercian abbey located in the town of Villers - la - Ville in the Walloon Brabant province of Wallonia ( Belgium ) , one piece of the Wallonia 's Major Heritage .
Three Embarcadero Center is an office skyscraper located in San Francisco 's Financial District .
Motla Dasht ( Persian : متلادشت‎ , also Romanized as Motlā Dasht ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Valpoi or Valpoy ( Vallpoi , pronounced ( waːɭpɔj ) ) is a city and a municipal council in North Goa district in the Indian state of Goa .
Shrewsbury ( i/ˈʃroʊzbri/ or i/ˈʃruːzbri/ ) is the county town of Shropshire , England .
Mellij Galleh ( Persian : مليج گاله‎ , also Romanized as Mellīj Galleh ; also known as Malīk Kāleh and Mellī Galleh ) is a village in Mehravan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hamilton Union Church Rectory is a historic church rectory at 2267 Western Turnpike in Guilderland , Albany County , New York .
Sararu ( Persian : سرارو‎ , also Romanized as Sarārū ; also known as Sarānū ) is a village in Sirik Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Asquith Boys High School , ( abbreviated as ABHS ) is a public boys ' high school located in Asquith , New South Wales , Australia , on Jersey Street .
Dubryk ( ˈdubrɨk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Limbarska Gora ( pronounced ( ˈliːmbaɾska ˈɡɔːɾa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
Frednowy ( frɛdˈnɔvɨ ) ( German : Frödenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Sedgwick County Extension Arboretum is located in Sedgwick County , Kansas , USA at 7001 W. 21st North Wichita , Kansas .
Kizhuparamba is one of the smallest Panchayaths in Malappuram district .
Lunan District ( simplified Chinese : 路南区 ; traditional Chinese : 路南區 ; pinyin : South of the Road ) is a district of Tangshan , Hebei , China .
Basznia Dolna ( ˈbaʂɲa ˈdɔlna ) ( Ukrainian : Башня Долішня , Bashnia Dolishnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Death Valley National Park is a national park in the U.S. states of California and Nevada that is located east of the Sierra Nevada , occupying an interface zone between the arid Great Basin and Mojave deserts in the United States .
The Boji Tower , also known as the Olds Tower is a historic 23-story building located at 124 Allegan Street , in Lansing , Michigan .
Umunnachi is a town in Dunukofia , Anambra State , Southeastern Nigeria which is made up of five villages :
Baluchi - ye Bala ( Persian : بلوچي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Balūchī - ye Bālā ; also known as Balūchī - ye Bālā’ī ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Szczawne ( ˈʂt͡ʂavnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Щавне , Shchavne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza , within Sanok County , in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship ( province ) of south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Nigdi ( Marathi : निगडी ) is a suburb of Pune , India .
The Glenbow Museum is an art and history museum in the city of Calgary in the province of Alberta Canada .
The Harrison - Landers House was a historic Federal - style residence near the village of Newtown in Hamilton County , Ohio , United States .
Littlebury is a small village in north - west Essex .
The General George Patton Museum of Leadership is a museum in Fort Knox , Kentucky , dedicated to the memory of General George S. Patton , Jr. , and his role as a leader from World War I to the present day .
Eslamabad - e Sar Meydan ( Persian : اسلام ابادسرميدان‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmābād - e Sar Meydān ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalagh Zili ( Persian : كلاغ زيلي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāgh Zīlī ; also known as Kalāgh Zīrī ) is a village in Kharturan Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Eastwood Historic District is a registered historic district in Cincinnati , Ohio , listed in the National Register of Historic Places on February 25 , 2005 .
Tarazan - e Sofla ( Persian : طرازان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţarāzān - e Soflá ) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Killerton is an 18th - century house in Broadclyst , Exeter , Devon , England , which , with its hillside garden and estate , has been owned by the National Trust since 1944 and is open to the public .
Malanday is a settlement and one of the constituent barangays in the city of Valenzuela , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Karlusin ( karˈluɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bocking Churchstreet is a residential area of the town of Braintree , in the Braintree District , in the English county of Essex .
Gates Hall and Pultneyville Public Square is a historic theater and village green located at Pultneyville in Wayne County , New York .
The Dennis J. Murphy House at Ogden Farm is a historic house at 641 Mitchell 's Lane in Middletown , Rhode Island .
Shawnee Mission Northwest High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Shawnee Mission , Kansas , USA , serving students in grades 9 - 12 .
Coastline Community College is a community college with three mini - campuses in Westminster , Garden Grove and Newport Beach and an administration building in Fountain Valley , California , United States .
Eceabat , formerly Maydos ( Madytos , Μάδυτος in Ancient greek ) , is a town and district of Çanakkale Province in the Marmara region of Turkey , located on the eastern shore of the Gelibolu Peninsula , on the Dardanelles Strait .
Pogoń - Leśniczówka ( ˈpɔɡɔɲ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Mount Lofty Fire Tower sits on top of Mount Lofty in the Adelaide Hills just to the east of the city of Adelaide , South Australia .
Zhumadian ( simplified Chinese : 驻马店 ; traditional Chinese : 駐馬店 ; pinyin : Zhùmǎdiàn ; postal : Chumatien ) is a prefecture - level city in southern Henan province , China .
The Fulton - Commercial Streets District is a historic district encompassing a commercial area of the North End of Boston , Massachusetts .
13 WMVO is an AM radio station in Mount Vernon , Ohio located at 1300 kHz .
Szeplerzyzna ( ʂɛplɛˈʐɨzna ) ( German : Schönerswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Simbario ( Greek : Symbarion , Synvarion ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of Vibo Valentia .
Lasqueti Island / False Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAT7 ) , is located adjacent to Lasqueti Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Kripekapura is a remote Indian village in the Gormi tehsil , Bhind district , in the state of Madhya Pradesh .
Alhama de Murcia is a Spanish municipality in the autonomous community of the Region of Murcia .
Parchestan - e Khalaj ( Persian : پرچستان خلج‎ , also Romanized as Parchestān - e Khalaj ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Maringá ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐɾiŋˈɡa ) ) is a municipality in southern Brazil founded on 10 May 1947 as a planned urban area it is the third largest city in the state of Paraná with 385,753 inhabitants in the city , and 764,906 in its metropolitan area ( IBGE 2013 ) .
Fath - e Maqsud ( Persian : فتح مقصود‎ , also Romanized as Fatḩ - e Maqşūd ) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Alamut - e Gharbi District ( Persian : بخش الموت غربی‎‎ , meaning `` Western Alamut District '' ) , formerly Rudbar - e Shahrestan District , is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Sinapovo ( Bulgarian : Синапово , Greek : Σιναπλή ) is a village in the municipality of Topolovgrad , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
Kaese Mill is a historic grist mill located at Accident , Garrett County , Maryland , United States .
The James D. Westcott Building is a historic building on the campus of Florida State University in Tallahassee , in the U.S. state of Florida .
Goraghan - e Tangan ( Persian : گراغان تنگان‎ , also Romanized as Gorāghān - e Tangān ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Jean Cocteau Museum / Séverin Wunderman Collection is a museum in Menton , on the French Riviera , in the Alpes - Maritimes department .
The Coliban River , an inland perennial river of the north -- central catchment , part of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the lower Riverina bioregion and Central Highlands region of the Australian state of Victoria .
William Miller Chapel and Ascension Rock is a historic district in New York that encompasses the home of William Miller , who was a Baptist preacher , from the United States , credited with beginning the mid - nineteenth century North American religious movement that was known as the Millerites .
Ravensberg Land ( German : Ravensberger Land ) is a cultural landscape in the district of Ostwestfalen - Lippe in the northeast of the German federal state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Chinamiram is a village in Bhimavaram mandal , located in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Ulan Duży ( ˈulan ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan - Majorat , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Slocum and Hannah Howland House is located at 1781 Sherwood Road in the hamlet of Sherwood in Cayuga County , New York .
The Mansfield A. Daniels House is a National Registered Historic Place located near Scobey , Montana , United States .
Big Hawk Lake is a lake in the Trent River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Algonquin Highlands , Haliburton County , Ontario , Canada .
Camp Helen State Park is a Florida State Park and historic site located west of Panama City Beach , in northwestern Florida .
Owch Gol ( Persian : اوچ گل‎ , also Romanized as Ūchgol ) is a village in Siyah Mansur Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The name Pennsic War is a combination of Pennsylvania and Punic War .
Aske Manor is a manor house in Upplands - Bro Municipality , Stockholm County ( Sweden ) .
Prelovo ( Serbian : Прелово ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Najdziszów ( nai̯ˈd͡ʑiʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mierzęcice , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Portencross Castle , also known historically as Portincross Castle , is situated in Portencross , on the west coast of Scotland , about 3 km from West Kilbride .
Chamkur ( Persian : چم كور‎ , also Romanized as Chamkūr ) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Titron , also known as Durraj Pur , is a town and a nagar panchayat in Saharanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Flynn Farm , Mansion , and Barn comprise a historic district located in Urbandale , Iowa , United States .
Azimiyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان عظيميه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
KJFX ( 95.7 FM , `` The Fox '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Fresno , California , and owned by Wilks Broadcasting , LLC . KJFX airs a classic rock music format .
Plzeň - North District ( Czech : Okres Plzeň - sever ) is a district ( okres ) within Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Headingley railway station ( formerly known as Headingley and Kirkstall railway station until some point early in the 20th century ) is off Kirkstall Lane in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England on the Harrogate Line 3 miles ( 5 km ) north west of Leeds .
The Standard Chartered Bank Building is a skyscraper located in the Central district of Hong Kong .
Bujsce ( ˈbui̯st͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sari Kand - e Mohammad Reza ( Persian : ساري كندمحمدرضا‎ , also Romanized as Sārī Kand - e Moḩammad Rez̤ā ) is a village in Chaypareh - ye Pain Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Hingham High School is a co - educational , public high school serving grades 9 through 12 for the town of Hingham , Massachusetts .
Illoorfik Island ( old spelling : Igdlôrfik ) is a small , uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Sypień ( ˈsɨpjɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Water Tower Place is a large urban , mixed - use development comprising a 758,000 sq ft ( 70,400 m2 ) shopping mall and 74 story skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
The Johannes Miller House is a Registered Historic Place in the Orange County , New York , Town of Montgomery .
The Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology ( IGB ) is an interdisciplinary facility for genomics research at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
Piekarowo ( pjɛkaˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Drouges ( Breton : Drougez ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Aptakisic Junior High School is part of Aptakisic - Tripp Community Consolidated School District 102 located on 1231 N. Weiland Road in Buffalo Grove , Illinois .
Lovewell Pond is a sizable body of water located in southeastern Fryeburg , Maine .
Central Elgin Collegiate Institute is the second largest of three public secondary schools in St. Thomas , Ontario .
Renfrew Collegiate Institute ( RCI ) is a secondary school in the town of Renfrew , Ontario and is part of the Renfrew County District School Board .
Stadium High School is a public high school in Tacoma , Washington and a historic landmark .
Wądoły ( vɔnˈdɔwɨ ) ( German : Friedrichsburg ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susz , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kouklia ( Greek : Κούκλια Turkish : Kukla ) is a village in the Paphos District , about 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) from the city of Paphos on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus .
Grotto Point Light , also known as Port Jackson Entrance Range Front Light , is an active lighthouse located at Grotto Point , a rocky headland at the southernmost tip of Balgowlah Heights , New South Wales , Australia , on the north side of Sydney Harbour .
Saint - Denis - sur - Sarthon est une commune du départment de l ' Orne du nord - ouest de la France .
The DuBois Stone House is located at 281 West Main Street , in Catskill , New York , on the west side of Catskill Creek .
Matalvan ( Persian : متلوان‎ , also Romanized as Matalvān ) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District , in the Central District of Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Shuangpai County ( simplified Chinese : 双牌县 ; traditional Chinese : 雙牌縣 ; pinyin : Shuāngpái Xiàn ) is under the administration of Yongzhou , Hunan province , China .
Pinguk River ( alternate Iñupiaq language name , Pinauk meaning `` hill '' ) is a waterway located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Pearse Island is an island in western British Columbia , Canada , in the Portland Inlet , an inlet of the Pacific Ocean .
The Quellaveco mine is a large copper mine project located in the south of Peru in Moquegua Region .
Arrowhead Provincial Park is located north of Huntsville , Ontario , Canada , and is part of the Ontario Parks system .
Mashhad Sara ( Persian : مشهدسرا‎ , also Romanized as Mashhad Sarā ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Macon State Prison is located in Macon County , southwest of Oglethorpe , Georgia on approximately 300 acres ( 1.2 km2 ) .
The First Hungarian Reformed Church of New York ( Hungarian : New York - i Első Magyar Református Egyház ) is located on East 69th Street in the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Unquera is a village with 803 inhabitants ( INE 2005 ) in the municipality of Val de San Vicente , in the west of the province of Cantabria , Spain .
Trygort ( ˈtrɨɡɔrt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Döbling Synagogue ( Synagoge Döbling ) stood in the Dollinergasse in the suburb of Oberdöbling in the 19th district of Vienna , Döbling .
The Sacramento Valley Museum is a museum located at 1491 E Street Williams , in Williams , Colusa County , northern California .
Malek Kian ( Persian : ملك كيان‎ ; also Romanized as Malek Kīān , Malek Keyān , Maliakian , and Malyakan ) is a city in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Aultman Hospital is a non - profit hospital located in Canton , Ohio , United States .
The Chatham County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Pittsboro , Chatham County , North Carolina .
On completion of the scheme the Clapham Park Estate became the largest single council estate within the London Borough of Lambeth .
The Whitlocks Mill Light is a lighthouse on the south bank of the St. Croix River in Calais , Maine .
Tang Kharsi ( Persian : تنگ خرسي‎ , also Romanized as Tang Kharsī ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Cinnamon Bay is a body of water and a beach on St. John island , within Virgin Islands National Park , in the United States Virgin Islands .
Coed Darcy is a new village currently being developed adjacent to Llandarcy in Neath Port Talbot county borough , Wales .
Dom - e Asman ( Persian : دم اسمان‎ , also Romanized as Dom - e Āsmān , Dam Asman , and Dom Āsmān ; also known as Dum Āsmān ) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mirik is a picturesque tourist spot nestled in the serene hills of Darjeeling district in West Bengal , India .
Tattenhall is a village and civil parish , 8 miles south - east of Chester , in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Godmanstone ( or Godmanston ) is a village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southern England , situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north of the county town Dorchester .
Chahar Chenar ( Persian : چهارچنار‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Chenār ) is a village in Estarabad - e Shomali Rural District , Baharan District , Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sir Vivian Richards Stadium is a stadium in North Sound , Antigua , Antigua and Barbuda .
Säkylä is located in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Satakunta region .
Aghushkdal ( Persian : اغوشك دل‎ , also Romanized as Āghūshkdal ; also known as Āgoshg and Āgoshk ) is a village in Kangan Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bazi Robab ( Persian : بازي رباب‎ , also Romanized as Bāzī Robāb ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Legahi ( Persian : لگاهي‎ , also Romanized as Legāhī and Lagāhī ; also known as Lyakyagi and Nakāhī ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Bala Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Rue des Saussaies is a short ( 50 m long ) street in the 8th arrondissement of Paris that adjoins the Ministry of the Interior .
The Mountain Lakes Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Mountain Lakes , in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Pomorzowice ( pɔmɔʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village located in Poland , in Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Redwood Meadows is a unique community known as a townsite in Alberta , Canada -- the only townsite recognized by Alberta Municipal Affairs at this time .
Baddesley Clinton ( grid reference SP199714 ) , is a moated manor house , located just north of the historic town of Warwick in the English county of Warwickshire ; the house was probably established during the 13th century when large areas of the Forest of Arden were cleared and eventually converted to farmland .
Parkoczewo ( parkɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Cooperative Farm 2 ( Persian : مزرعه تعاوني انقلاب شماره 2‎ -- Mazra``eh - ye Tʿāvanī Ānqolāb Shomāreh - ye Do ) is a village and cooperative farm in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 56 , in 18 families .
Shariat Kola ( Persian : شريعت كلا‎ , also Romanized as Sharī``at Kolā ; also known as Shāh Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 723 , in 179 families .
Dunn State Park is a Massachusetts state park located in Gardner .
Bhimapur is a town and market place in Rajapur Municipality in Bardiya District in the Bheri Zone of south - western Nepal .
Cherry Orchard Bog Natural Area Preserve is a 354-acre ( 143 ha ) Natural Area Preserve located in Sussex and Prince George Counties , Virginia .
Ab Kahur ( Persian : ابكهور‎ , also Romanized as Āb Kahūr ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Place des Jacobins is a square located in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon .
David Cockburn , the Scottish collector of Salem district , between 1820 and 1829 , was called the ' Father of Yercaud ' because he helped in the development of the resources of the Shevaroy and for introducing the cultivation of coffee , pears and apple .
The Col . James Barrett Farm ( Barrett 's Farm ) is a historic farm at 448 Barrett 's Mill Road in Concord , Massachusetts .
Tupton is a village and civil parish in North East Derbyshire , Derbyshire , England , 4.5 miles ( 7 km ) south of Chesterfield .
Abidar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آبيدر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mount Keith is a mountain on the crest of California 's Sierra Nevada , between Mount Bradley to the north , and Junction Peak to the southwest .
Lake Cascade ( formerly `` Cascade Reservoir '' , also formerly known as Payette Lake `` The Mile High Playground '' ) is a reservoir in the western United States , on the North Fork of the Payette River in Valley County , Idaho .
Gormandale is a small town in eastern Victoria , Australia .
Łosie - Dołęgi ( ˈwɔɕɛ dɔˈwɛŋɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kennon Island ( 52 ° 56N 173 ° 15E ) is a 0.3-mi - long satellite of Attu Island in the Near Islands group at the extreme western end of the Aleutian Islands , Alaska .
The Princess Alice Bank ( Portuguese : Banco Princesa Alice ) is a submerged seamount that is located 50 nmi ( 93 km ) to the southwest of the island of Pico and 45 nmi ( 83 km ) to the southwest of the island of Faial in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The Oxnard Plain is a large coastal plain in southwest Ventura County , California , United States surrounded by the mountains of the Transverse ranges .
Mnyameni is a Xhosa community in Amahlathi Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , situated about 13 km north - west of Keiskammahoek .
GigaCatholic with incumbent biography links Montemarano Montemarano , Province of Avellino
Gronków ( ˈɡrɔnkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Daleszewo ( dalɛˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German Ferdinandstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Fogo Priory was the a Tironensian monastic community in Berwickshire , Scottish Borders , dedicated to St Nicholas .
Orizatlán ( officially : San Felipe Orizatlán ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo , in central - eastern Mexico .
Kalinowice Górne ( kalinɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Suan Dok ( Thai : สวนดอก ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lampang District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 5616 people .
Balboa Park Gardens are cultivated areas of Balboa Park in San Diego , California .
Christ Church and Manlius Village Cemeteries in Manlius , New York is a 7 acres ( 2.8 ha ) designation on the National Register of Historic Places .
St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic High School ( or Seton Catholic College Preparatory School ) is a Catholic high school within the Archdiocese of Seattle in Vancouver , Washington .
The Île Saint - Honorat is the second largest of the Lérins Islands , about a mile off shore from the French Riviera town of Cannes .
Crissy Field , a former U.S. Army airfield , is now part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in San Francisco , California , United States .
Nămoloasa is a commune in Galați County , in the Moldavia region of Romania .
Thomas Peak is the second highest named mountain in both the Ruby Mountains and Elko County , in Nevada , United States .
Aliabad - e Zinbiyeh ( Persian : علي آباد زينبيه‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Zīnbīyeh ) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 14 , in 5 families .
Mohajeran ( Persian : مهاجران‎‎ , also Romanized as Mohājerān and Mahājerān ; also known as Mārān - ī - Muhājran and Muhājīrān ) is a city in Lalejin District , in Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Harris Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge that spans the Taunton River off Dean Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Port of Menteith ( Scottish Gaelic : Port Loch Innis Mo Cholmaig ) is a village and civil parish in the Stirling district of Scotland , the only significant settlement on the Lake of Menteith .
North Ferriby is a village and civil parish in the Haltemprice area of the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Krasne - Gajówka ( ˈkrasnɛ ɡaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Griffiths - Priday Ocean State Park is a 364-acre ( 147 ha ) state - operated , public recreation area at the mouth of the Copalis River on the Pacific Ocean in Grays Harbor County , Washington .
BIT Zone Station ( Hangul : 지식정보단지 ) is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway .
Dikcheh ( Persian : ديكچه‎ , also Romanized as Dīkcheh and Dīgcheh ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Limmernsee ( or Limmerensee ) is a reservoir in the Canton of Glarus , Switzerland , between the peaks of Muttenchopf ( 2,482 m ) , Selbsanft ( 2,950 m ) and Kistenstöckli ( 2,746 m ) .
Muang Noi ( Thai : ม่วงน้อย ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Pa Sang District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 4649 people .
Free Public Library , Upper Montclair Branch is located in Montclair , Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
The W. E. B. Du Bois Library is one of the four libraries of the UMass Amherst Libraries at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in Amherst , Massachusetts .
Bolshaya Izhora ( Russian : Большая Ижора ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Lomonosovsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland .
Cania Dam is a dam in central Queensland , Australia , 37 kilometres ( 23 mi ) north west of Monto .
Central Bethlehem Historic District is a national historic district located at Bethlehem , Lehigh County and Northampton County , Pennsylvania .
Chah - e Naser Karami ( Persian : چاه ناصركرمي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Nāşer Karamī ) is a village in Karkevand Rural District , in the Central District of Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Benimuslem ( Valencian pronunciation : ( benimuzˈlɛm ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Downs Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest , in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range .
Elm Park is a suburban district in east London , England , and part of the London Borough of Havering .
Camooweal Airport ( IATA : CML , ICAO : YCMW ) is located 0.4 nautical miles ( 0.74 km ; 0.46 mi ) northeast of Camooweal , Queensland , Australia .
Columbia Place is one of South Carolina 's largest shopping malls , with nearly 1,100,000 square feet ( 100,000 m2 ) of retail space .
Ballingeary ( Irish : Béal Átha an Ghaorthaidh , pronounced ( bʲial̪ˠ ɑhən̪ˠ ˈɣʷeːrˠhiɡʲ ) ) is a village in the Shehy Mountains in County Cork , Ireland .
Sar Tang - e Mahmud ( Persian : سرتنگ محمود‎ , also Romanized as Sar Tang - e Maḩmūd ; also known as Sar Tang - e Maḩmūdī ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Farm to Market Road 585 ( FM 585 ) is a farm to market road located in Brown and Coleman counties in west central Texas .
Western Dubuque High School ( commonly West Dubuque , West Dub , WDHS , or WD ) is a four - year public high school located in Epworth , Iowa .
The Canadian Museum of Flight ( formally the Canadian Museum of Flight Association since 1998 ) is an aviation museum at the Langley Regional Airport in Langley , British Columbia , Canada .
Tarwater Creek is a small river in San Mateo County , California and is a tributary of Pescadero Creek .
Rogers Park , Brampton ( formerly Nortel Brampton Centre and Northern Electric Brampton Works ) is a business complex and the corporate offices of Rogers Communications in Brampton , Ontario .
Ostroszowice ( ɔstrɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Weigelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sedgehill is a village in Sedgehill and Semley civil parish in the English county of Wiltshire .
Trumpington Street is a major historic street in central Cambridge , England .
Naknek Airport ( IATA : NNK , FAA LID : 5NK ) is a state - owned , public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) north of the central business district of Naknek , in the Bristol Bay Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Shevgaon is a city in Shevgaon tehsil of Ahmednagar in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Clovenfords is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , a mile north of the hamlet of Caddonfoot and four miles west of the town Galashiels .
Lireh Sar ( Persian : ليره سر‎ , also Romanized as Līreh Sar ; also known as Līresar and Līr Sar ) is a village in Baladeh Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Meadowbank Aerodrome ( TC LID : CMB2 ) is an aerodrome located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northeast of Meadowbank Gold Mine , Nunavut , Canada .
Berkshire Medical Center is a private , non - profit 302-bed community teaching hospital in Pittsfield , Massachusetts affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Medical School .
Kohneh Rudposht ( Persian : كهنه رودپشت‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Rūdposht ) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Maręże ( maˈrɛ̃ʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skomlin , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lake Chesdin ( also known as Chesdin Reservoir ) is a lake in south - central Virginia , on the border of Chesterfield County and Dinwiddie County and going upstream into Amelia County .
The Promenade at Sagemore is a large regional shopping mall located in the Marlton section of Evesham Township , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States , leased by Kravco Simon .
The Louis P. and Clara K. Best Residence and Auto House , also known as Grandview Apartments and The Alamo is located in the central part of Davenport , Iowa .
Kucębów ( kuˈt͡sɛmbuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn , within Skarżysko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sauvey Castle is an early medieval ringwork and bailey castle and is a Scheduled Ancient Monument in the civil parish of Withcote , Leicestershire ( grid reference SK78680525 ) .
Ajnuj is a village that is situated west of the taluka city of Khandala in the Satara district of Maharashtra , India , on the Khandala - Bhor Road .
Villa Nougués is a settlement in Lules Department , Tucumán Province , in northern Argentina .
Mount Kelsey is a mountain located in the western portion of Millsfield , New Hampshire .
Hoye - Crest is a summit along Backbone Mountain just inside of Garrett County , Maryland , USA .
The Commonwealth Center for Children and Adolescents , formerly known as The DeJarnette Center for Human Development , is a children 's mental hospital located in the city of Staunton , Virginia in the United States .
The Ygnacio Palomares Adobe , also known as Adobe de Palomares , is a one - story adobe in Pomona , California , built between 1850 and 1855 as a residence for Don Ygnacio Palomares .
The Town of Katherine is a local government area in the Northern Territory , established on 3 March 1978 .
Suliszew ( suˈliʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pozza di Fassa ( Ladin : Poza ( de Fascia ) , German : Potzach i m Fasstal ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Trento .
Jijk ( Persian : جيجك‎ , also Romanized as Jījk ; also known as Jījag , Jajk , Jejg , and Jījong ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Steel Heddle Manufacturing Company Complex is a historic factory complex located in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Dokan - e Bijari ( Persian : دكان بيجاري‎ , also Romanized as Dokān - e Bījārī and Dakān Bījārī ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kahalgaon ( formerly known as Colgong during British rule ) is a town and a municipality in Bhagalpur district in the state of Bihar , India .
La Trenche Generating Station is a hydroelectric power plant on the Saint - Maurice River and within La Tuque , in Upper - Mauricie , in the administrative region of Mauricie , in Quebec , in Canada .
Yek Dang ( Persian : يكدانگ‎ , also Romanized as Yek Dāng and Yeg Dāng ) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District , Silakhor District , Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Behesht Shahada ( Persian : بهشت شهدا‎ , also Romanized as Behesht Shahadā ) is a village in Bandar - e Emam Khomeyni Rural District , Bandar - e Emam Khomeyni District , Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qaduneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قدونه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qadūneh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qūdāneh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Goshkur ( Persian : گشكور‎ , also Romanized as Goshkūr ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Simcoe ( Dennison Field ) Airport , ( TC LID : CPA4 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) southeast of Simcoe , Ontario , Canada .
Ohio University Airport or Gordon K. Bush Airport ( IATA : ATO , ICAO : KUNI , FAA LID : UNI ) , also known as Snyder Field , is a public - use airport located on State Route 32/U.S.
Gondal Gilan ( Persian : گندل گيلان‎ , also Romanized as Gondal Gīlān and Gandal Gīlān ) is a village in Oshtorinan Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Pahaquarry Copper Mine is an abandoned copper mine located on the west side of Kittatinny Mountain presently in Hardwick Township in Warren County , New Jersey in the United States .
Słoniawy ( swɔˈɲavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Yeshivah of Flatbush is a Modern Orthodox private Jewish day school located in Midwood , Brooklyn , New York City .
Kevo Strict Nature Reserve ( Finnish : Kevon luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in Utsjoki , northern Lapland , Finland .
WWBF ( AM 1130 ) and ( FM 102.9 ) is a full - time commercial broadcast radio station located in Bartow , Florida , USA .
KRUA is a non - commercial educational college radio station in Anchorage , Alaska , broadcasting on the FM band 88.1 and online at kruaradio.org .
195 Broadway is a 29-story building on Broadway in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Käppele is the commonly used ( colloquial ) name for the church Wallfahrtskirche Mariä Heimsuchung ( named for the Visitation of Mary ) in Würzburg , Bavaria , Germany .
Olivet Chapel , since 1965 known as the A.U.M.P. affiliated St. John 's African Union Methodist Protestant Church , is a historic Presbyterian African American mission chapel located at Goshen in Orange County , New York .
Sotherton is a dispersed village in Suffolk , England , located approximately 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Beccles and 3 3⁄4 miles ( 6.0 km ) north east of Halesworth close to the A145 .
Graft - De Rijp ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
The Lower Windy Creek Ranger Cabin No . 15 is a historic backcountry shelter in the Denali National Park & Preserve , in Alaska .
KBZM ( 104.7 FM , `` Eagle 104.7 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Big Sky , Montana and reaches a substantial geographic area largely unserved by other signals .
Racheh ( Persian : راچه‎ , also Romanized as Rācheh ; also known as Rāhcheh ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Rowiny ( rɔˈvʲinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Rashbehari ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 23 Kolkata Dakshin ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Tankaman District ( Persian : بخش تنکمان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
KBDB - FM is an American radio station licensed to operate on the FM frequency of 96.7 MHz in Forks , Washington .
Sanford Lake is a man - made reservoir located in Midland County , Michigan .
Kuh Dasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كوه دشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Neyasar District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Samester Parkway Apartments is a historic apartment complex located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Tyronza Water Tower is a historic elevated steel water tower located in Tyronza , Arkansas .
The 1985 PGA Championship was the 67th PGA Championship , held August 8 - -11 at Cherry Hills Country Club in Cherry Hills Village , Colorado , a suburb south of Denver .
Muddy Mountain is a peak in the Laramie Mountains approximately 12 miles SSE of Casper , Wyoming .
The Heyburn Building is a 17-floor , 250-foot ( 76-m ) building in downtown Louisville , Kentucky , United States .
Belep ( sometimes unofficially spelled Bélep ) is a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Naser Kiadeh - ye Mian Mahalleh ( Persian : ناصركياده ميان محله‎ , also Romanized as Nāşer Kīādeh - ye Mīān Maḩalleh ; also known as Mīān Maḩalleh - ye Nāşer Kīādeh ) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Billingham Manor ( or Billingham House ) is a manor house in Chillerton , on the Isle of Wight .
Erukkur ( Tamil : எருக்கூர் ) is a village located nearby Sirkazhi ( Tamil : சீர்காழி ) in Nagapattinam district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Hankinson - Moreau - Covenhoven House , or more simply Covenhoven House , is located in Freehold Borough , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Raja Ka Rampur is a town and one of oldest nagar panchayat in Etah district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Podolínec ( Polish : Podoliniec , German : Pudlein , Hungarian : Podolin ) is a town in the Stará Ľubovňa District of the Prešov Region in northern Slovakia .
École secondaire Le Caron is the onlyFrench first language high school located in Penetanguishene , Ontario , Canada .
Dipu ( simplified Chinese : 递铺 ; traditional Chinese : 遞舖 ; pinyin : Dìpù ) is the main town and the seat of Anji County , in northwest Zhejiang province , China .
The Minerva Building was a skyscraper once planned for the eastern edge of London 's main financial district , the City of London .
Ab Mishan ( Persian : آب‌میشان‎ , also Romanized as Āb Mīshān ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Wahrenberger House is located two blocks from the Texas Capitol , at 208 W. 14th Street , in Austin , Travis County , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Fishtrap Lake State Park is a park located southeast of Pikeville , Kentucky in Pike County .
Bovard Field was a stadium in Los Angeles , California , on the campus of the University of Southern California .
Bull Run National Forest was established as the Bull Run Forest Reserve by the General Land Office in Oregon on June 17 , 1892 , with 142,080 acres ( 575.0 km2 ) .
The Old Forge Dam is a dam located in Old Forge , New York .
Badara Tittha Vihara ( also Badaratittha , Padaratittha ) is the name of an historic Theravada Buddhist vihara in what is now the modern Tamil Nadu state of India .
1310 G Street is a high - rise skyscraper building located in Washington , D.C. , United States .
The Niter Ice Cave is a geological feature approximately 3 miles south of the small southeastern Idaho town of Grace , Idaho .
The Zipser Berg is a hill in the Franconian Jura in the German state of Bavaria .
Mont - Saint - Bruno National Park ( French : Parc National du Mont - Saint - Bruno ) is a small national park of Quebec located near the municipality of Saint - Bruno - de - Montarville , 15 kilometres ( 9.3 mi ) to the east of Montréal on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence river .
Spiro Mounds ( 34 LF 40 ) is an important Mississippian archaeological site located in what is now Eastern Oklahoma .
Seyl Molla Qorbani ( Persian : سيل ملاقرباني‎‎ , also Romanized as Seyl Mollā Qorbānī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Parchestan - e Al Kalu ( Persian : پرچستان الكلو‎ , also Romanized as Parchestān - e Āl Kalu ; also known as Parchestān , Parchestān - e Āl Kalī , and Perchestān ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chandler State Wayside ( also known as Chandler State Park ) is a state park in south - central Oregon in the United States .
Pigłowice ( piɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Les Fusiliers Mont - Royal originated in Montreal , Quebec on 18 June 1869 as The Mount Royal Rifles .
Gugjeh ( Persian : گوگجه‎ , also Romanized as Gūgjeh and Gowgjeh ; also known as Gogjeh , Gowg Tappeh , and Gowjeh ) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
La Mar Province is a province in the north - east corner of the Ayacucho Region , Peru .
Porzinastan ( Persian : پرزينستان‎ , also Romanized as Porzīnastān ; also known as Boneh - ye Gholām``alī , Gholām``alī , and Porzanastān ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 204 , in 43 families .
Papažani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Папажани ) is a village in the municipality of Laktaši , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gustavo Machado Morales ( 19 July 1898 - 17 July 1983 ) was a Venezuelan politician and journalist , editor of the Communist Party of Venezuela 's newspaper from 1948 to 1983 ( with interruptions for exile and imprisonment ) and President of the party from 1971 to 1983 .
Gwen O'Mahony ( born 1972 or 1973 ) is a Canadian politician , who represented Chilliwack - Hope in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from April 2012 until May 2013 as a member of the British Columbia New Democratic Party .
Neelakanthapuram Raghu Veera Reddy born Raghu Veera Yadav ( born 12 February 1957 ) is an Indian politician and a three time legislator belonging to the Indian National Congress .
Kristin Vinje ( born 10 June 1963 ) is a Norwegian chemist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Vernon Hartshorn ( 1872 -- 13 March 1931 ) was a Welsh trades unionist and Labour Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) from 1918 until his death .
Aylmer Lynn Lowe , known as A. Lynn Lowe ( March 6 , 1936 -- August 14 , 2010 ) , was a farmer and politician from Garland near Texarkana in Miller County in southwestern Arkansas , who was a major figure in the Arkansas Republican Party .
Shri Ekanath K. Thakur ( 15 February 1941 -- 7 August 2014 ) was an Indian politician from the Shiv Sena party , born in Mhapan , Sindhudurg .
Bridget McKenzie ( born 27 December 1969 ) is an Australian politician and National Party of Australia member for Victoria in the Australian Senate .
Henry Chaplin , 1st Viscount Chaplin PC ( 22 December 1840 -- 29 May 1923 ) was a British landowner , racehorse owner and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 until 1916 when he was raised to the peerage .
Paty Ripple Kyndiah ( 7 May 1928 -- 26 March 2015 ) was an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) political party .
Arnold Weiberg - Aurdal ( born 18 June 1925 ) was a Norwegian agronomist , military officer and politician for the Centre Party .
Barry T. Parker ( born December 12 , 1932 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served in both the New Jersey General Assembly and the New Jersey Senate .
Sargis Mehrabyan ( Armenian : Սարգիս Մեհրաբյան ) , also known as Commander Vartan , Vartan of Khanasor and Vartan Mehrpanian , was an Armenian fedayee military commander and member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation .
Graham Annesley ( born 26 May 1957 ) , an Australian former politician , was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Miranda for the Liberal Party of Australia from 2011 to 2013 .
Salih Muslim Muhammad ( born 1951 ) is co - chairman of the Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) , the driving power behind the de facto autonomous Kurdish - controlled region of Rojava in Northern Syria .
Vahan Papazian ( Armenian : Վահան Փափազյան ; 1876 - 1973 ) , also known by his pseudonym Goms ( Կոմս ) was an Armenian political activist and a community leader in Van , a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation .
Abd al - Karim al - Jundi ( Arabic : عبد الكريم الجندي‎ ) ( b. 1932 -- 2 March 1969 ) was a Syrian officer and a founding member of the Ba'ath Party 's Military Committee which took over power in the country after the 1963 military coup .
Erik Tørrissen ( born February 10 , 1988 in Ålesund , Møre og Romsdal ) is a Norwegian yachtsman and politician from the Progress Party .
Elisabeth Jensen is an education advocate and the Democratic Party nominee for Kentucky 's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives elections in Kentucky , 2014 .
Philip Collier ( 21 April 1873 -- 18 October 1948 ) was Premier of Western Australia for nine years , the longest ever term for an Australian Labor Party premier .
Joseph Gurney Cannon ( May 7 , 1836 -- November 12 , 1926 ) was a United States politician from Illinois and leader of the Republican Party .
Mohammad Reza Ameli Tehrani was the information minister of Iran during shah 's regime and a co - founder of Pan - Iranist Party .
Paul Frölich ( 1884 - -1953 ) was a journalist and left wing political activist who was a founding member of the Communist Party of Germany and founder of the party 's paper , Die Rote Fahne .
Dr. Daggubati Venkateswara Rao , M.B.,B.S. , ( Telugu దగ్గుబాటి వెంకటేశ్వరరావు ) ( born 14 December 1953 ) is a former member of the Indian National Congress .
Ziad el - Doulatli ( Tunisian Arabic : زياد الدولاتلي‎ ) is a Tunisian activist affiliated with the Islamist Ennahda Movement , for which he is an executive .
Gianfranco Fini ( born January 3 , 1952 ) is an Italian politician , former President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies , former leader of the conservative National Alliance , the post - fascist Italian Social Movement and the center - right Future and Freedom party .
Grace Portolesi ( born 26 June 1968 ) is an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Hartley from 2006 to 2014 for the Australian Labor Party .
Juliana Azumah - Mensah was first elected Member of Parliament for the Ho East Constituency on the ticket of the National Democratic Congress ( NDC ) in the 2004 parliamentary election and took her seat in January 2005 .
Louise Beaudoin ( born September 26 , 1945 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician , who represents the electoral district of Rosemont in the National Assembly of Quebec as a member of the Parti Québécois ( PQ ) .
Alexander George Dickson ( 1834 -- 3 July 1889 ) was a Conservative Party Member of Parliament in the British House of Commons representing Dover .
Gary Dunion ( born 15 July 1980 in Dundee , Scotland ) is a Scottish Green Party and Green Party of England and Wales politician and editor of the progressive blog Bright Green .
Wilhelm Karpenstein ( born 24 May 1903 in Frankfurt am Main - died 2 May 1968 in Lauterbach , Hesse ) was a German Nazi Party politician .
Otto Bahr Halvorsen ( 28 May 1872 , Christiania --23 May 1923 , Christiania ) was a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party .
Esabelle Dingizian ( Armenian : Իզապէլ Տինկիզեան ; 16 September 1962 ) is a Swedish Green Party politician .
Sir William Thomas Charley ( 5 March 1833 -- 8 July 1904 ) was a British judge and Conservative Party politician .
Professor Roberta Blackman - Woods ( born Roberta Carol Woods ; 16 August 1957 ) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the City of Durham since 2005 .
Ernest Robinson Ackerman ( June 17 , 1863 -- October 18 , 1931 ) was an American Republican Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 5th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1919 to 1931 .
Kaysone Phomvihane ( Lao : ໄກສອນ ພົມວິຫານ ) ( 13 December 1920 -- 21 November 1992 ) was the leader of the Lao People 's Revolutionary Party from 1955 until his death in 1992 .
Moon Kook - hyun ( Korean : 문국현 , Hanja : 文國現 , born 12 January 1949 ) is the leader of the Creative Korea Party , who served as a well - known business manager and civil environmental campaigner in South Korea before entering his political career .
Ciaran Brogan is an Irish businessman and Fianna Fáil politician from County Donegal .
John Mitchel McLaughlin ( born 29 October 1945 ) is the former General Secretary of Sinn Féin and currently an MLA and Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly .
Larry Frisoli ( August 22 , 1950 -- July 2 , 2008 ) was the Republican Party candidate for Attorney General in Massachusetts in 2006 .
Nouradine Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye ( born December 31 , 1949 ) is a Chadian politician and the head of the National Rally for Development and Progress ( VIVA - RNDP ) political party .
Giulia Jones ( born in 1980 ) , an Australian politician , is a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Molonglo for the Liberal Party since 2012 .
Stefanos Manikas ( 14 April 1952 -- 26 August 2015 ) was a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) who was Minister of State .
Mushahid Ullah Khan is a Pakistani senator from the Punjab who is a member of the Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) .
Christel Augenstein ( born 15 July 1949 in Erfurt ) is a member of the Free Democratic Party .
David C. Harrington is an American politician from Maryland , a member of the Democratic Party and a former member of the Maryland State Senate .
Edward N. Costikyan ( September 24 , 1924 -- June 22 , 2012 ) was a Democratic Party politician who was notable for reforming the Democratic party in New York City .
Donald B. Elliott ( born October 18 , 1931 ) is a registered pharmacist and American politician of the Republican Party in the State of Maryland , USA , currently serving his 6th term as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates .
John F. Cryan ( May 6 , 1929 -- February 6 , 2005 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as member of the New Jersey General Assembly and as the Essex County Sheriff .
In 1917 , Zeth Höglund and the left - wing were expelled from the party but they regrouped as the Swedish Social Democratic Left Party , which supported the Bolsheviks in Russia and worked for the aim of a communist revolution in Sweden .
Sheikh Khabir Uddin Ahmed , a politician from Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) , is a Member of the Parliament of India representing West Bengal in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Charles Roden Buxton ( 27 November 1875 -- 16 December 1942 ) was an English philanthropist and radical British Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party .
Kazimierz Kelles - Krauz ( 1872 -- 1905 ) was a Polish philosopher and sociologist , member of the Polish Socialist Party .
Lars Egeland ( born 6 December 1957 ) is a Norwegian librarian and politician for the Socialist Left Party .
Euan McLeod JP , is a member of the Scottish Labour Party and a Councillor for the Glasgow City Council for Ward 19 , Shettleston .
Pierre Morange runs under the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) , political party of the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy .
Renate Adolph ( born 20 March 1954 in East Berlin ) is a former politician for the Die Linke and its predecessors , the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) and the PDS .
Katherine Patricia Irene Adams , Baroness Adams of Craigielea ( born 27 December 1947 ) is a Scottish Labour Party peer , who served as Member of Parliament in the constituency of Paisley North from 1990 to 2005 .
John Walter Smith ( February 5 , 1845 -- April 19 , 1925 ) , a member of the United States Democratic Party , served the State of Maryland in the United States in several different positions .
Igor Pavličić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Павличић , pronounced ( îɡor pâʋlitʃitɕ ) , born 1970 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian politician , and former Mayor of the city of Novi Sad representing the Democratic Party ( DS ) .
Torgeir Trældal ( born 1965 ) is a Norwegian politician and member of parliament from representing Nordland for the Progress Party .
Sanat Kumar Mandal ( Bengali : সনৎ কুমার মন্ডল ) ( born 14 February 1942 ) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Revolutionary Socialist Party ( RSP ) political party .
Fred Goldstein is a leader of an American Workers World Party .
Pietro Marcenaro ( born 2 June 1946 ) is an Italian politician and trade unionist of the centre - left Democratic Party .
Conor Burns ( born 24 September 1972 ) is a British Conservative Party politician .
William Daniel Heffernan , more commonly known as Bill Heffernan , ( born 3 March 1943 ) , is an Australian politician , who has been a Liberal Party member of the Senate , representing the state of New South Wales , since September 1996 .
Alex Mosson is a Scottish Labour Party politician and a former Lord Provost of Glasgow .
Noushig Eloyan is a Canadian politician , who served on the Montreal City Council from 1994 to 2009 and ran for the Canadian Parliament for the electoral riding of Ahuntsic in the May 2 , 2011 elections as a member of the federal Liberal Party of Canada .
Morten Strand ( born 23 September 1947 ) is a Norwegian footballer and politician for the Conservative Party .
Zsolt Makay ( born August 16 , 1977 ) is a Hungarian politician who served as the last president of the Hungarian Democratic Forum .
Per Rolf Sævik ( born 15 December 1940 ) is a Norwegian fisher , ship - owner and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Professor Dr. Lala Shevket ( Azerbaijani : Lalə Şövkət , sometimes transliterated as Lala Şövkat or Lala Shovkat ; Лала Шевкет in Russian transliteration ) ( born 7 November 1951 , Baku ) is an Azerbaijani politician , the Leader of the National Unity Movement and Azerbaijan Liberal Party .
Alf Staver ( 20 March 1874 -- 1953 ) was a Norwegian skier , sports official , educator and politician for the Conservative Party .
Kreshnik Çipi was a former member of Flamurtari Vlore and now is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania .
Mike Schreiner ( born June 9 , 1969 ) is the leader of the Green Party of Ontario .
Attila Mesterházy ( born 30 January 1974 ) is a Hungarian politician , who served as the seventh chairman of the Hungarian Socialist Party ( MSZP ) from 10 July 2010 to 29 May 2014 .
Mohammed Ameur ( Arabic : محمد عامر‎ -- born 1959 , Oujda ) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces .
Deependra Singh Shekhawat is a senior leader of the Indian National Congress in the state of Rajasthan and has been the former Speaker of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly since 2 January 2009 - 2014 He was born on 20 June 1951 in Jodhpur to Shri Bharat Singh Shekhawat .
In the first democratic elections of 1990 , Franjo Gregurić entered politics as a member of the Croatian Democratic Union .
Chen Ting - fei ( traditional Chinese : 陳亭妃 ; simplified Chinese : 陈亭妃 ; pinyin : Chén Tíngfēi ; Wade -- Giles : Ch'en T'ing - fei ) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan .
Isabel Rosado ( November 5 , 1907 -- January 13 , 2015 ) , a.k.a . Doña Isabelita , was an educator , social worker , activist and member of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party .
James Earl Laney , Sr . , known as Pete Laney ( born March 20 , 1943 ) , is a U. S. Democratic Party politician from West Texas .
Subhas Chakraborty ( 18 March 1942- 3 August 2009 ) was a leader in the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) and Transport , Sports and Youth Services Minister in the Government of West Bengal .
Marion Phillips ( 29 October 1881 -- 23 January 1932 ) was a Labour Party politician and Member of Parliament in England .
Hans Peter Elisa Lødrup ( 1885 - -1955 ) was a Norwegian journalist , newspaper editor , non - fiction writer and politician for the Conservative Party .
Joseph Luther Smith , commonly known as Joe L. Smith ( May 22 , 1880 -- August 23 , 1962 ) , was an American politician , and a member of the Democratic Party from West Virginia .
Rapama Kamehozu ( circa 1949 -- March 23 , 2013 ) was a Namibian politician , teacher , and a member of the SWAPO political party .
Ifeanyichukwu Eddie Mbadiwe ( born 6 February 1942 ) is a Nigerian politician who served as People 's Democratic Party member of the House of Representatives for Ideato North / South in Imo State .
Matt Brennan ( born 1 October 1936 ) is a retired Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Sligo--
Jens Christian Magnus ( born 13 July 1920 ) is a Norwegian military officer and politician for the Conservative Party .
Nicolae Văcăroiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( nikoˈla.e vəkəˈroju ) ; born on 5 December 1943 in Cetatea Albă , now Bilhorod - Dnistrovskyi in Ukraine ) is a Romanian politician , member of the Social Democratic Party , who served as Prime Minister between 1992 and 1996 .
Lieutenant General Choummaly Sayasone ( Lao : ຈູມມະລີ ໄຊຍະສອນ ; born 6 March 1936 ) is a Laotian politician who has been General Secretary ( de facto leader ) of the Lao People 's Revolutionary Party ( LPRP ) and President of Laos since 2006 .
C. Muthuswamy Gounder ( born 1917 ) was a Swatantra Party politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu who served as the Member of Parliament for Karur from 1967 to 1971 .
Richard Raši ( born 2 April 1971 ) is a Slovak physician and politician for the Direction -- Social Democracy ( Slovak : Smer -- sociálna demokracia ) and since 21 December 2010 , the Mayor of the city of Košice .
Carl Wilhelm Tölcke ( born 31 May 1817 in Eslohe , Sauerland ; died 30 November 1893 in Dortmund ) was a German Social democratic politician , the `` father of Social democracy in Westphalia '' and president of the General German Workers ' Association .
Vladimirs Buzajevs or Vladimir Buzayev , ( Russian : Влади́мир Ви́кторович Буза́ев ) , born October 8 , 1951 in Zhukovka , Bryansk Oblast , Russian SFSR , is a Latvian politician and Member of the 8th and 9th Saeima For Human Rights in United Latvia .
Christopher Beazley ( born 5 September 1952 in Bexhill - on - Sea , East Sussex ) is a British politician for the Conservative Party , who served as a Member of the European Parliament 1984 - -1994 and 1999 - -2009 .
Franca Falcucci ( 22 March 1926 -- 4 September 2014 ) was an Italian politician who was a member of the Christian Democracy Party .
Bill Gwatney ( August 26 , 1959 -- August 13 , 2008 ) was an American politician who served as the State Chair of the Democratic Party of Arkansas .
Edward Yum Liang - Hsien ( Chinese : 任亮憲 ; pinyin : Rén Liàngxiàn ; born 1979 ) is a member of the Hong Kong pro - democracy camp People Power .
Abdelkader Aamara ( Arabic : عبد القادر ٱعمارة‎ - born 28 January 1962 , in Bouarfa ) is a Moroccan politician of the Justice and Development Party .
Nannapaneni Rajakumari ( born October 9 , 1948 ) is an Indian politician and Telugu Desam Party ( TDP ) leader .
Helmuth Friedrichs ( born 22 September 1899 in Otterndorf - died probably February 1945 ) was a German Nazi Party official .
Alfred Wunderlich ( 29 December 1901 , Dresden - 21 May 1963 ) was a German politician of the National Democratic Party of Germany ( East Germany ) .
Petr Duchoň ( born 6 September 1956 in Brno ) is a Czech politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Civic Democratic Party , part of the European Democrats and is vice - chair of the European Parliament 's Committee on Budgetary Control and its Committee on Transport and Tourism .
Abdeladim El Guerrouj ( Arabic : عبد العظيم الݣروج‎ - born 1972 , Berkane ) is a Moroccan politician of the Popular Movement .
Li Changchun ( born February 1944 ) is a retired Chinese politician and a former major leader of the Communist Party of China .
Ted Merriman , S.V.M. , is a Canadian politician and member of the Saskatchewan Party .
Lieutenant - Colonel Kenneth Robert Balfour ( 1863 -- 7 September 1936 ) was a British Conservative Party politician .
A. J. Spiker serves as an adviser to RandPAC and is a former State Chairman of the Republican Party of Iowa ( RPI ) .
Matthew W. Milam ( born September 18 , 1961 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8 , 2008 , representing the 1st Legislative District until he resigned on March 1 , 2013 .
Arvid Gjengedal ( born 19 July 1943 ) is a Norwegian educationalist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Duncan McNeil ( born 7 September 1950 , Greenock ) is a Scottish Labour Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Greenock and Inverclyde .
Beverly Fawell ( September 17 , 1930 -- June 22 , 2013 ) was an Illinois politician from Glen Ellyn , part of a family prominent in the Republican Party in Du Page County , Illinois ( her brother - in - law was Congressman Harris Fawell ) .
Tom Burpee ( born 1885 or 1886 ) was elected the first leader of the Communist Party of Canada in May 1921 .
Bijendra Singh ( born 25 December 1956 ) is an Indian politician . He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the Indian National Congress ticket and had been a Member of Parliament from Aligarh .
Jayashree Banerjee ( 1938- ) is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Madhya Pradesh .
Sanjeev Balyan is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections , 2014 from the Muzaffarnagar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Abdessamad Qaiouh ( also Abdessamed Kayouh , Arabic : عبد الصمد قيوح‎ - born 11 April 1966 , Oulad Teima ) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party .
Francisco Sanz Fernández ( Valencia , Spain , 1952 ) is a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Jenny Mikakos ( born 25 January 1969 ) is an Australian politician for the Australian Labor Party .
Ketil Solvik - Olsen ( born 14 February 1972 ) is a Norwegian politician who has been Minister of Transport and Communications in the Solberg cabinet and second deputy leader of the Progress Party since 2013 .
Alfonso Durazo Montaño ( born 11 July 1954 ) is a Mexican politician and was member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who served as chief spokesman and private secretary of President Vicente Fox .
Thomas J. Lynch , Jr. was an American Democratic Party politician from Middletown Township , New Jersey , who served on the Monmouth County , New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders .
Peggy Farrell ( 15 November 1920 -- 17 January 2003 ) was an Irish businesswoman who came to prominence through the Irish Countrywomen 's Association and had a brief career as a Fianna Fáil politician in Ireland .
Tom Parlon ( born 19 August 1953 ) is a former Irish Progressive Democrats politician .
Ivan Black ( 6 July 1913 -- 8 July 1990 ) was an Australian politician and a member of the Liberal Party .
Pt . Shri Ram Nagina Mishra is a former member of Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Line Henriette Holten Hjemdal ( born 18 October 1971 in Sarpsborg ) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party and 5th Vice President of the Storting .
Jon M. Davis is a United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General currently serving as the Deputy Commandant for Aviation .
Tad J. Oelstrom ( born February 14 , 1943 ) is a retired United States Air Force Lieutenant General who now serves as the Director of the National Security Program at the John F. Kennedy School of Government , Harvard University .
Lieutenant General Russell C. Davis ( born October 22 , 1938 ) was a United States Air Force Lieutenant General who served as commander of the District of Columbia National Guard and Chief of the National Guard Bureau .
Gottfried Blocklinger was a Rear - admiral in the United States Navy ;
Bernhard Jope ( 10 May 1914 -- 31 July 1995 ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot .
Lieutenant - General William Barrell ( died 9 August 1749 ) was an officer of the British Army .
The 1st Gibraltar Brigade was a British Army unit created in 1941 as a fortress brigade on Gibraltar .
Sir Philip King Enright ( 4 August 1894 - -29 September 1960 ) was a British admiral of the Royal Navy , who served during World War II .
Fanny Jacovkis , better known as Fanny Edelman ( 27 February 1911 -- 1 November 2011 ) was an Argentine politician that was part of the International Brigades in defense of the Second Spanish Republic .
The King 's Division is a British Army command , training and administrative apparatus designated for infantry regiments in the North of England .
The Lincolnshire County Division was a formation of the British Army , formed in World War II on 24 February 1941 ; however , it did not become operational until 27 March .
The 3rd Battalion , Parachute Regiment ( 3 PARA ) , is a battalion sized formation of the British Army 's Parachute Regiment and is a subordinate unit within 16 Air Assault Brigade .
William J. Evans ( March 4 , 1924 -- December 12 , 2000 ) is a former General in the United States Air Force and the former commander of Allied Air Forces Central Europe .
Major Sir Robert Lister Bower KBE CMG KPM ( 12 August 1860 -- 13 June 1929 ) was a British Army , colonial and police officer who served as Chief Constable of the North Riding of Yorkshire Constabulary from 1898 until his death in 1929 .
Admiral Sir William Beauchamp - Proctor , 3rd Baronet ( 14 October 1781 -- 14 March 1861 ) was an officer in the British Royal Navy , who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Coxswain Patrick Colbert ( 1842 to January 19 , 1877 ) was an Irish soldier who served in the United States Navy during the American Civil War .
Rino Corso Fougier ( 14 November 1894 -- 24 April 1963 ) was a Regia Aeronautica ( Italian Royal Air Force ) general .
Jack L. Rives ( born 1952 ) is the Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer of the American Bar Association , and a former TJAG ( `` The Judge Advocate General '' ) of the United States Air Force Judge Advocate General 's Corps .
Jesse Whitfield Covington ( September 16 , 1889 -- November 21 , 1966 ) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during World War I who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir John Norton - Griffiths , 1st Baronet , KCB , DSO ( 13 July 1871 -- 27 September 1930 ) was an engineer , British Army officer during the Second Boer War and the First World War , and later a Member of Parliament .
Admiral Sir Robert Moorsom KCB ( 8 June 1760 -- 14 April 1835 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence , the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
Major General Joseph Maria Gordon CB ( 18 March 1856 -- 6 September 1929 ) , was an officer in the British Army , later holding the position of Commandant of the South Australian Military Forces and serving in the Second Boer War in South Africa .
Earl T. Ricks ( July 9 , 1908 -- January 4 , 1954 ) was a United States Air Force Major General who served as Chief of the Air Force Division at the National Guard Bureau and acting Chief of the National Guard Bureau .
Arthur Forbes Gordon Kilby VC MC ( 3 February 1885 -- 25 September 1915 ) was an English officer in the British Army during the First World War , and recipient of the Victoria Cross .
The 57th ( 2nd West Lancashire ) Division was an infantry formation of the Territorial Force created in 1914 as part of the massive expansion of the British Army during the First World War .
Frederick Muller ( March 29 , 1861 -- June 9 , 1946 ) was a sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Dooitze Eelkes Hinxt ( c. 1741 -- 20 October 1797 ) was a Dutch navy officer .
Sumner Ely Wetmore Kittelle ( June 14 , 1867 -- December 29 , 1950 ) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy and a veteran of the Spanish--
1st Battalion 1st Marines ( 1/1 ) is an infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps based out of Camp Pendleton , California consisting of anywhere from 800 to 2,000 Marines and Sailors , but the number fluctuates depending on the Battalion 's mission .
Lieutenant General Sir James Frederick Lyon , KCB GCH ( 1775 - -1842 ) was an officer of the British Army and Governor of Barbados .
Howard E. Wasdin ( born Howard E. Wilbanks on November 8 , 1961 ) is a former member of the United States Navy who served as a sailor in the Atlantic Fleet as well as a Navy SEAL .
Oscar Schmidt , Jr. ( March 25 , 1896 -- March 24 , 1973 ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions in World War I.
John Mansel ( 1729 - -1794 ) was a British Army cavalry general killed at the Battle of Beaumont .
Sir David Dumbreck KCB ( 1805 - -1876 ) was a British Army medical officer .
The Northern Fleet ( Russian : Северный флот , Severnyy Flot ; named Red Banner Northern Fleet in Soviet time ) is a unit of the Russian Navy responsible for the defense of northwestern Russia .
Captain Tobias Furneaux ( 21 August 1735 -- 18 September 1781 ) was an English navigator and Royal Navy officer , who accompanied James Cook on his second voyage of exploration .
45 Commando Royal Marines ( pronounced `` four - five commando '' ) is a battalion sized unit of the British Royal Marines and subordinate unit within 3 Commando Brigade Royal Marines , the principal Commando formation , under the Operational Command of Commander in Chief Fleet .
Hans - Joachim Marseille ( 13 December 1919 -- 30 September 1942 ; German pronunciation : ( hants joˈaχɪm mɑrˈseɪ ) ) was a Luftwaffe fighter pilot and flying ace during World War II . He is noted for his aerial battles during the North African Campaign and his Bohemian lifestyle .
Edmund P. Kennedy ( c.1785 -- 28 March 1844 ) was an officer in the United States Navy and became the first commander - in - chief of the East India Squadron .
Admiral Sir William Lowther Grant , KCB ( 1864 -- 30 January 1929 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , North America and West Indies Station .
Major Frederick Augustus Griffiths ( d. 1869 ) was an officer of the British Army and military writer .
Peter Pace ( born November 5 , 1945 ) is a former United States Marine Corps general who served as the 16th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
The Worcestershire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the line in the British Army , formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 29th ( Worcestershire ) Regiment of Foot and the 36th ( Herefordshire ) Regiment of Foot .
Captain George Miller Bligh ( 1780 - -1834 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , who saw service during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , eventually rising to the rank of Captain .
The 142nd ( 6th London ) Brigade ( 142 Bde ) was an infantry brigade of the Territorial Army , part of the British Army , that served in World War I and in World War II remained in the United Kingdom throughout the war .
Major General Thomas Staunton St Clair , KH ( 1785 -- 1846 ) was a British Army officer known for his water - colour paintings which recorded British colonies in Gibraltar .
Francis Mallory was born in Elizabeth City County , Virginia , attended Hampton Academy and was appointed midshipman in the United States Navy where he served in 1822 - -1828 .
Elisha Hunt Rhodes ( March 21 , 1842 -- January 14 , 1917 ) was an American soldier who served in the Union Army of the Potomac for the entire duration of the American Civil War , rising from corporal to colonel of his regiment by war 's end .
The 29th ( Worcestershire ) Regiment of Foot was , from 1694 to 1881 , an infantry regiment of the British Army .
Kathlene Contres ( born July 13 , 1955 ) , is a former United States Navy captain who was the ranking female Hispanic American line officer on active duty .
Frank Sweigart is a former officer in the United States Navy .
Admiral Sir Henry Harvey , KB ( July 1743 -- 28 December 1810 ) was a long - serving officer of the British Royal Navy during the second half of the eighteenth century .
Major - General Alexander Vass Anderson CB CMG MBE ( 17 November 1895 -- 17 October 1963 ) was a senior British Army officer of the Second World War .
Richard Lestock ( 22 February 1679 -- 17 December 1746 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy , eventually rising to the rank of Admiral .
Joseph Williams Vance , Jr. ( December 4 , 1918 -- August 8 , 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy decorated for action in the Battle of Makassar Strait during World War II .
Helmut Lipfert ( 6 August 1916 -- 10 August 1990 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Admiral of the Fleet William Peere Williams - Freeman ( 6 January 1742 -- 11 February 1832 ) ( born William Peere Williams ) was an officer in the Royal Navy .
The 104th Regiment of Foot ( King 's Volunteers ) was a short - lived infantry regiment of the British Army active during the Seven Years ' War .
The 157th ( Highland Light Infantry ) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army .
General Sir Henry Frederick Campbell , KCB , GCH ( 10 July 1769 -- 3 September 1856 ) was a soldier of the British Army .
General Stanisław Targosz ( 23 July 1948 , Jaroszów , Poland -- 4 August 2013 , Grodzisk Mazowiecki , Poland ) was a Polish general who was the commanding officer of the Polish Air Force .
The 10th Royal Hussars ( Prince of Wales 's Own ) was a cavalry regiment of the British Army from 1715 to 1969 .
Mark P. Fitzgerald ( born 1951 ) is a retired United States Navy admiral .
George Barnett ( December 9 , 1859 -- April 27 , 1930 ) was the 12th Commandant of the United States Marine Corps .
A Leyden jar , or Leiden jar , is a device that `` stores '' static electricity between two electrodes on the inside and outside of a glass jar .
In topology , a branch of mathematics , Borel 's theorem , due to Armand Borel , says the cohomology ring of a classifying space or a classifying stack is a polynomial ring .
Originally called Csatád , in 1926 the village was renamed Lenauheim after the poet Nikolaus Lenau who was born here .
The Baruch Plan was a proposal by the United States government , written largely by Bernard Baruch but based on the Acheson--
The Milgram experiment on obedience to authority figures was a series of social psychology experiments conducted by Yale University psychologist Stanley Milgram .
The Tversky index , named after Amos Tversky , is an asymmetric similarity measure on sets that compares a variant to a prototype .
Chancery Lane takes its name from the historic High Court of Chancery , which started its association with the area when Robert de Chesney , the Bishop of Lincoln acquired the ' old Temple ' in 1161 .
Berborite is a beryllium borate mineral with the chemical formula Be2(BO3)(OH , F )
The Place d'Italie takes its name from its proximity to the Avenue d'Italie , which , traditionally , has been the point of departure on the road that links Paris and Italy , a route now called the RN7 ( Route nationale 7 ) .
The Gould transcontinental system was a system of railroads assembled by George Jay Gould I and the Fuller Syndicate in the early 1900s .
Pelagosite is a form of pisolitic aragonite ( CaCO3 ) whose type locality is the Croatian island group of Palagruža ( Italian Pelagosa , whence the name ) in the middle of the Adriatic .
The Prix Dentan is a Swiss literary award , specifically of the canton of Vaud , created in 1984 and named for Professor Michel Dentan .
Freivalds ' algorithm ( named after Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds ) is a probabilistic randomized algorithm used to verify matrix multiplication .
Quartier Concordia is a neighbourhood redevelopment project centred on Concordia University 's Sir George Williams campus in downtown Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Heraklion International Airport , `` Nikos Kazantzakis '' ( IATA : HER , ICAO : LGIR ) is the primary airport on the island of Crete , Greece , and the country 's second busiest airport after Athens International Airport .
51826 Kalpanachawla ( 2001 OB34 ) is an asteroid named for Indian - born astronaut Kalpana Chawla , who was killed in the STS-107 ( Columbia ) space shuttle reentry disaster on February 1 , 2003 .
The Kapp Putsch , also known as the Kapp - Lüttwitz Putsch after its leaders Wolfgang Kapp and Walther von Lüttwitz , was an attempted coup on 13 March 1920 which aimed to undo the German Revolution of 1918 - -1919 , overthrow the Weimar Republic and establish a right - wing autocratic government in its place .
In mathematical logic , Goodstein 's theorem is a statement about the natural numbers , proved by Reuben Goodstein in 1944 , which states that every Goodstein sequence eventually terminates at 0 .
The Leo - Baeck - Medal has been awarded since 1978 by the Leo Baeck Institute of New York and is given for special efforts in German - Jewish reconciliation .
In number theory , the Erdős arcsine law , named after Paul Erdős , states that the prime divisors of a number have a distribution related to the arcsine distribution .
Barnaul Airport is named after Soviet cosmonaut Gherman Titov , an Altai Krai native who was the second human being ( after Yuri Gagarin ) to visit outer space .
Neumayer - Station III , also known as Neumayer III after geophysicist Georg von Neumayer , is a German Antarctic research station of the Alfred - Wegener - Institut .
The Foucault pendulum ( English pronunciation : /fuːˈkoʊ/ foo - KOH ; French pronunciation : ​(fuˈko ) ) , or Foucault 's pendulum , named after the French physicist Léon Foucault , is a simple device conceived as an experiment to demonstrate the rotation of the Earth .
The Pierre Laporte Bridge ( French : Pont Pierre - Laporte ) is the longest main span suspension bridge in Canada .
D'Holbach 's Coterie ( la coterie holbachique was the phrase coined by Jean - Jacques Rousseau ) was a group of radical French Enlightenment thinkers who met regularly at the salon of the atheist philosophe Baron d'Holbach in the years approximately 1750 - -1780 .
The Rolf Nevanlinna Prize ( named in honor of Rolf Nevanlinna ) is awarded once every 4 years at the International Congress of Mathematicians , for outstanding contributions in Mathematical Aspects of Information Sciences including :
Nicotine is named after the tobacco plant Nicotiana tabacum , which in turn is named after the French ambassador in Portugal , Jean Nicot de Villemain , who sent tobacco and seeds to Paris in 1560 , presented to the French King , and who promoted their medicinal use .
USS Puffer ( SSN-652 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the pufferfish , a fish which inflates its body with air .
The Order of Nakhimov ( Russian : `` Орден Нахимова '' ) is a military decoration of the Russian Federation named in honour of Russian admiral Pavel Nakhimov ( 1802 - 1855 ) and bestowed to naval officers for outstanding military leadership .
The name Coevorden means `` cow ford(s ) '' or `` cow crossing '' , similar to Bosporus or Oxford .
Causa Guttenberg refers to the German political affair that led to the resignation of Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg as Minister of Defence of Germany on 1 March 2011 .
In geometry , a Wythoff construction , named after mathematician Willem Abraham Wythoff , is a method for constructing a uniform polyhedron or plane tiling .
In mathematics , the Crofton formula , named after Morgan Crofton ( 1826 - -1915 ) , is a classic result of integral geometry relating the length of a curve to the expected number of times a `` random '' line intersects it .
The Levi - Civita connection is named after Tullio Levi - Civita , although originally `` discovered '' by Elwin Bruno Christoffel .
USS America ( LHA-6 ) , the fourth American warship to be named for the United States of America , is the first of the America - class amphibious assault ships for the U.S. Navy .
The Barlow lens , named after Peter Barlow , is a diverging lens which , used in series with other optics in an optical system , increases the effective focal length of an optical system as perceived by all components that are after it in the system .
Sufnersee is a reservoir between Splügen and Sufers on the Hinterrhein river in the Grisons , Switzerland .
The Dithmarscher Eiderwatt , officially the Dithmarscher Eidervorland mit Watt ( `` Dittmarschen Eider Foreland and Watt '' ) , is a nature reserve in the districts of Dithmarschen and Nordfriesland in the north German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Amstrad was founded in 1968 by Alan Sugar at the age of 21 .
Dunite was named by the German geologist , Ferdinand von Hochstetter in 1859 after Dun Mountain near Nelson , New Zealand .
Heyting algebras were introduced by Arend Heyting ( 1930 ) to formalize intuitionistic logic .
The village and port are named after the legendary Jakh Botera who were shipwrecked on the Kutch coast and came ashore at Jakhau .
The Bezold effect is an optical illusion , named after a German professor of meteorology , Wilhelm von Bezold ( 1837 - -1907 ) , who discovered that a color may appear different depending on its relation to adjacent colors .
Sant'Andrea delle Fratte is a 17th - century basilica church in Rome , Italy , dedicated to St. Andrew .
Eemshaven ( Dutch pronunciation : ( eːmsˈɦaːvə(n ) ) ; English : Ems Harbor ) is a seaport in the province of Groningen in the north of the Netherlands .
In 1957 , it was renamed Beruniy in honor of the scholar and polymath Abū Rayḥān al - Bīrūnī who was born and raised in the town .
The Bagnold number ( Ba ) is the ratio of grain collision stresses to viscous fluid stresses in a granular flow with interstitial Newtonian fluid , first identified by Ralph Alger Bagnold .
Telephone Time is an American anthology drama series that aired on CBS in 1956 , and on ABC from 1957 to 1958 .
The Voice of China ( Chinese : 中国好声音 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Hǎo Shēngyīn ) is a Chinese reality talent show that premiered on 13 July 2012 on Zhejiang Television channel of the ZRTG network sponsored by Jiaduobao .
Somos familia ( Spanish : We are family ) is a 2014 Argentine telenovela aired by Telefe .
The Wright Way is a British television sitcom written by Ben Elton which aired on BBC One in April--
Angélica , mi vida , is an American telenovela created and produced by Telemundo and Ángel del Cerro in 1988 , in cooperation with Capitalvision International Corporation .
Big Girl 's Blouse is an Australian skit program that aired in the mid-1990s on the Seven Network .
Tales from Pleasure Beach is a British television drama series first broadcast on BBC Two in 2001 .
Brutally Normal is an American television sitcom that starred Mike Damus which aired on The WB .
The Betty White Show is an American sitcom which aired on CBS from September 12 , 1977 , to January 2 , 1978 .
Mind Your Language is a British comedy television series that premiered on ITV in late 1977 .
Blue Mountain State is an American comedy series that premiered on Spike on January 11 , 2010 .
The World 's Most Dangerous Magic was the title of two American television specials showcasing illusion and escapology acts , which were made for the NBC network .
Sin código ( Spanish : Without rules ) was an Argentine telenovela that aired from 2004 to 2006 on the El Trece television network .
Country Joy is a Canadian soap opera television series which aired on CBC Television from 1979 to 1980 .
BrainSurge is an American children 's game show aired on Nickelodeon hosted by Jeff Sutphen .
Cheias de Charme ( Sparkling Girls ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo .
The Jeffersons is an American sitcom that was broadcast on CBS from January 18 , 1975 , through July 2 , 1985 , lasting 11 seasons and a total of 253 episodes .
Kotikatu is a Finnish drama television series which aired on Yle TV1 from August 24 , 1995 to December 7 , 2012 .
Commesse ( Orders ) is an Italian television comedy series directed by Giorgio Capitani and broadcast by Rai 1 between 1999 and 2002 .
Wild Kingdom was first broadcast by NBC .
Frontier Theatre was an early American weekly television film series , featuring Westerns , that aired on the now defunct DuMont Television Network .
Whale Wars is a weekly American documentary - style reality television series that premiered on November 7 , 2008 on the Animal Planet cable channel .
Friends Like These was a British game show that was broadcast on BBC One first as a pilot on 6 November 1999 and then as a full series from 12 February 2000 until 20 September 2003 .
Good Times is an American sitcom that originally aired from February 8 , 1974 , until August 1 , 1979 , on CBS .
Court of Opinions is one of the first Canadian panel discussion television series , airing on CBC Television in 1952 .
American Dream Builders is an American home improvement reality competition that premiered on NBC on March 23 , 2014 .
Throwdown ! with Bobby Flay is a Food Network television program in which celebrity chef Bobby Flay challenges cooks renowned for a specific dish or type of cooking to a cook - off of their signature dish .
Adelheid und ihre Mörder ( Adelheid and Her Murderers ) was a German comedy - drama television series broadcast between 1993 and 2007 by Das Erste .
Generator Rex is an American science fiction `` nanopunk '' action animated television series created by Man of Action Studios for Cartoon Network .
In the Story Book is a Canadian children 's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1956 to 1957 .
Manswers ( styled MANswers ) was a late night comedy series that premiered on Spike on September 19 , 2007 .
Mad for It is a British game show for children which was produced by Carlton Television broadcast on CITV from 2 September 1998 to 31 March 2000 .
Jjhoom India is a musical reality show that airs on Sahara One channel , starting from October 27 , 2007 .
Viral Tap is a British television comedy panel game shown on ITV2 which ran from 27 April to 15 June 2014 .
King Cole 's Birthday Party ( also known as Birthday Party ) was an early American children 's television series which aired on the DuMont Television Network .
The Super League Show is the BBC 's principal rugby league programme , shown on BBC One in the North of England on Monday evenings , repeated nationally on BBC Two ( except Wales and Northern Ireland ) on Tuesday lunchtimes and also on the BBC website and BBC iPlayer .
Sanjha ( Urdu : سنجها‎ ) is a Hum TV drama which started airing on 17 November 2011 .
ESPN College Football on ABC is the branding used for broadcasts of NCAA Division I FBS college football games that are produced by ESPN , and televised on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) in the United States .
Law of the Plainsman is a Western television series starring Michael Ansara that aired on the NBC television network from October 1 , 1959 , until May 5 , 1960 .
Sana Maulit Muli ( lit . I Wish It Could Happen Again ) is a Filipino primetime soap opera produced by ABS - CBN .
Brave Family ( Hangul : 용감한 가족 ) , is a South Korean reality - variety show that airs on KBS2 beginning 23 January 2015 and estimated to air a total of 10 episode .
Chic - a - Go - Go is a public - access television cable television children 's dance show that airs on Chicago Access Network Television ( CAN - TV ) .
Nick News with Linda Ellerbee ( sometimes shortened to Nick News ) is an educational children 's and teenagers ' television show on Nickelodeon that was shown from 1992 to 2015 .
In 1999 Bagpuss topped a BBC poll for the UK 's favourite children 's TV programme .
Early Start is a hard news morning television show on CNN anchored by John Berman and Christine Romans .
Los 10 + Pedidos ( Pronounced as Los Diez Mas Pedidos ( English : The 10 Most Requested ) ) is a television show broadcast on MTV in Latin America .
Pandey Aur Pandey is an Indian `` Bollywood music '' countdown show with a theme of a sitcom on Zee TV , first broadcast in December 2006 .
Valemont is a supernatural American television miniseries on MTV that premiered on September 21 , 2009 .
Squawk Box is a business news television program that airs at breakfast time on the CNBC network .
Winnetka Road is an American television drama which premiered on NBC on March 12 , 1994 , and concluded on April 16 , 1994 after six episodes .
Jim Henson 's Creature Shop Challenge is an American reality television game show on the Syfy cable network .
The Flip Wilson Show was an hour - long variety show that aired in the U.S. on NBC from September 17 , 1970 to June 27 , 1974 .
Now You See It ... is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie .
Les Brillant was a French language Canadian sitcom that aired on TVA for three seasons between 1979 and 1982 .
Street Doctor is a prime - time health series which was first shown in January 2007 on BBC One television .
Homes Under the Hammer is a British factual renovation and auction series that originally screened on BBC One as part of the BBC 's morning television schedule , the series has been running since 2003 .
Comedy Feeds is a comedy series featured on BBC Three since 2014 .
DuPont Show of the Month is an acclaimed 90-minute television anthology series that aired monthly on CBS from 1957 to 1961 .
Real Time with Bill Maher is a talk show that airs weekly on HBO , hosted by comedian and political satirist Bill Maher .
Zoe , Duncan , Jack and Jane is an American teen sitcom starring Selma Blair , David Moscow , Michael Rosenbaum , and Azura Skye that premiered in 1999 on The WB network ( now known as CW ) .
Séptimo día first aired in 1996 on Canal Uno , when Caracol TV was still a production company .
Koinonia Ora Mega ( English : Community Time MEGA ) is a Greek morning show that airs on Mega Channel in 2005 every Monday to Friday at 7 am to 10 am , and presented by Giorgos Oikonomeas and Dimitris Kampourakis .
CNN Today is a global news program on CNN International aimed as a morning show for Asia .
Nya tider ( `` New Times '' ) was a soap opera the Swedish channel TV4 started after Skilda världar became a one episode a week show .
Dad Camp is a reality TV show on VH1 .
In Plain Sight is an American dramatic television series on USA Network .
Sam & Cat is an American teen sitcom that originally aired from June 8 , 2013 to July 17 , 2014 , on Nickelodeon .
Dumped is a British reality television programme which started on 2 September 2007 and aired nightly until 5 September 2007 on Channel 4 .
Til Debt Do Us Part is a Canadian television series produced by Frantic Films for Slice in Canada , Zone Reality in the United Kingdom and AmericanLife TV Network and CNBC in the USA .
You Do n't Say ! began as a local series on Los Angeles station KTLA in November 1962 with Jack Barry , still in exile from the networks in the wake of the 1950s quiz show scandals , as host .
What the Future is a documentary television series dealing with the latest technology hosted by Warren Kimmel airing on CNBC .
Bobby Jones Gospel ( sometimes called The Bobby Jones Gospel Hour ) is a program on Black Entertainment Television hosted by Dr. Bobby Jones airing Sunday mornings at 9:00E/8:00C.
Solhah Singaarr is a Hindi serial that airs on Sahara One channel .
The Nightmare Room is an American children 's anthology horror series that aired on Kids ' WB .
Star Maidens is a British - German science - fiction television series made by Portman Productions for the ITV network .
Chancer is a British television serial produced by Central Television for ITV .
Kobieta na krańcu świata ( Eng . Woman At the End Of the World ) is a Polish documentary television series broadcast on TVN .
Surprise Chef was an Australian cooking television show that was broadcast on the Seven Network from 2001 to 2003 .
As the World Turns ( often referred to as ATWT ) is an American television soap opera that aired on CBS for 54 years from April 2 , 1956 to September 17 , 2010 .
Ennu Swantham Koottukari is an Indian Malayalam television series which launched on Mazhavil Manorama .
The Adventures of Hiram Holliday is an American adventure sitcom that aired on NBC from October 3 , 1956 to February 27 , 1957 .
The King of Queens is an American sitcom that originally ran on CBS from September 21 , 1998 , to May 14 , 2007 .
It 's Garry Shandling 's Show is an American sitcom which was initially broadcast on Showtime from 1986 to 1990 .
The Last Precinct is an American comedy series that aired on NBC from January to May 1986 on Friday Night at 9:00pm .
Business Insiders is a business news talk show aired weekdays from 6 to 6:30 PM ET on CNBC until c. 1997 .
Tour the World is an Australian travel and infotainment television series that aired for three seasons on Network Ten , One , 4ME and Foxtel Aurora .
Time for Reflection was an early American television program that aired on the DuMont Television Network on Sunday evenings from April 30 , 1950 to January 14 , 1951 .
Charlie & Co. ( also known as Charlie & Company ) is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 18 , 1985 to May 16 , 1986 .
Here 's Duffy was a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1958 to 1959 .
Vale todo , is a telenovela co - produced in 2002 by the television Rede Globo and Telemundo Hispanic arm of the U.S. network NBC .
The Bedford Diaries is an American television series that premiered March 29 , 2006 on The WB and concluded its first season on May 10 , 2006 .
Jessica & Krystal is an OnStyle variety TV show starring Korean American sisters Jessica Jung , former member of Girls ' Generation and Krystal Jung of f(x ) .
The Tony Martin Show is a 15-minute weekly musical variety television series hosted by entertainer Tony Martin , which aired in NBC prime time from April 26 , 1954 , to February 27 , 1956 .
Mystery Woman is the name of a series of 11 TV movies released by the Hallmark Channel between 2003 and 2007 , and now appearing regularly on the Hallmark Movie Channel .
Aquí hay tomate was a popular Spanish television program produced by Salta and issued by the chain Telecinco .
WCG Ultimate Gamer was a reality television program that aired on Syfy , sponsored by Samsung and the World Cyber Games ( WCG ) .
Bh Se Bhade is an Indian television comedy drama show , which premiered on Zee TV .
Co - Ed Confidential is a cable series that is Cinemax 's erotic remake of National Lampoon 's Animal House ( 1978 ) and was originally shown on Cinemax After Dark .
Out of Practice is an American situation comedy that was produced by Paramount Network Television and originally broadcast on sister company CBS from September 19 , 2005 to March 29 , 2006 .
From Trash is the fourth studio album by John Foxx and Louis Gordon , released in 2006 .
`` Cry Me Out '' is a song by English singer Pixie Lott from her debut studio album , Turn It Up ( 2009 ) .
Upon Reflection is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label .
Recorded at Dartington College of Arts in July 2010 , Canu Rhydd is the fifth studio album by Welsh folk group Fernhill .
`` Please Do n't Make Me Cry '' is the follow - up single to reggae group UB40 's chart - topping cover of Neil Diamond 's `` Red Red Wine '' .
`` Dirty Dawg '' is a song by NKOTB ( formerly New Kids on the Block ) , which became their final single to chart on the Billboard Top 100 until the 2008 single `` Summertime '' .
`` Sour Times '' is a song by English trip hop group Portishead , released as their second single in August 1994 .
`` The Rapper '' is a song by The Jaggerz , written by band member Dominic Ierace , better known as Donnie Iris .
This Modern Love is a song by Bloc Party from their debut album `` Silent Alarm '' .
`` Read About It '' is the second single released by Australian rock band , Midnight Oil , from their 1982 studio album , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 .
Bank Światowy ( on the cover written Bank $ wiatowy ) is the fourth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty .
The Dead and Dreaming is the second full - length album by the metal band Dry Kill Logic .
`` Svefn - g - englar '' ( SVEBN - gayng - glahr ) is a song by the Icelandic post - rock band Sigur Rós , from their second album , Ágætis byrjun .
`` Does It Make You Remember '' is a 1982 single release from Kim Carnes 's album Voyeur .
Stick 2 the Script is the second studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah .
Jag ångrar ingenting is the tenth studio album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson , released in 2005 .
`` Missing / It 's You '' is a double - A - sided single by a Japanese American singer Kylee .
`` Treat Me Like a Lady '' is the name of a 1990 single by the British pop group Five Star .
`` Sognu '' ( English : `` I Dream '' ) is a song by Amaury Vassili that was the entry for France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 , was held in Düsseldorf , Germany .
`` Drop a Beat '' is a song by American electronica musician Moby , released in May 1992 as the second single from his self - titled debut album .
Let Battle Commence is the third album from the Italian metal band Doomsword , released in 2003 .
My Kind of Christmas is the third studio album and first Christmas album by American singer Christina Aguilera .
`` Do n't You Want Me '' is a single by British synthpop group The Human League , released on 27 November 1981 as the fourth single from their third studio album Dare ( 1981 ) .
Let the Hard Times Roll is the third solo album by singer - songwriter David Ford , released on February 15 , 2010 .
Orgy in Rhythm is an album by drummer Art Blakey .
The Dealers is a 1964 album by jazz musician Mal Waldron released on Status Records , catalogue 8316 .
`` Corner of the Earth '' is the fourth and final single from British funk / acid jazz band Jamiroquai 's fifth studio album , A Funk Odyssey .
Grigora I Ora Perase ( The Time Passed Quickly ) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki and it was released in 2006 .
`` Superwoman ( Where Were You When I Needed You ) '' is a 1972 soul track by Stevie Wonder .
`` Have a Little Faith in Me '' is a song written and performed by John Hiatt that appears on his 1987 album Bring the Family and is the song he is most known by .
`` Peach / Heart '' is Ai Otsuka 's 15th ( 16th overall ) single released under the avex trax label .
Album 1994 is the debut full - length studio album by the German folk rock band Subway to Sally .
`` Walk on Air '' is a song by British band T'Pau , released as the second single from their 1991 third studio album The Promise .
The Beautiful Sounds of Revenge is the second full - album by Lo - Pro , originally scheduled to be released was May 25 , 2010 , but was delayed to June 8 , 2010 , in order to add more songs to it .
Baladas en español ( Ballads in Spanish ) is a Spanish language album by Roxette , released on 2 December 1996 .
I Finally Found Someone is a studio album released by country music artists Lorrie Morgan and Sammy Kershaw , who were then married to each other .
Arabbox is a CD album by Muslimgauze .
`` Die klügsten Männer der Welt '' ( often shortened as `` DKMDW '' ) ( The wisest men in the world ) is a song by Die Ärzte .
`` Judge , Jury and Executioner '' is a 2013 single by the supergroup Atoms for Peace .
Green Mind is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr , released in 1991 .
Her - Day is the fifth album by Masami Okui , released on August 27 , 1999 .
`` Honky Cat '' is a song from the 1972 Elton John album Honky Château , the album 's lead - off track .
If You Could See Inside Me is the fifth and final studio album by A Lighter Shade of Brown .
Emerald Tears is a solo album by bassist Dave Holland recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label .
8-Way Santa is the second album by the Seattle grunge band Tad .
`` Thank God I 'm a Country Boy '' , also known as `` Country Boy '' is a song written by John Martin Sommers and recorded by American singer / songwriter John Denver .
`` She Makes Me Wanna '' is a single by English boy band JLS , from their third studio album Jukebox ( 2011 ) .
Frequency Unknown is an album released by Geoff Tate 's temporary version of the American progressive heavy metal band Queensrÿche .
Saturdays = Youth is the fifth studio album by French electronic band M83 , first released on 11 April 2008 .
The Space Book is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Prestige label , with his quartet including Jaki Byard on piano , Richard Davis on bass , and Alan Dawson on drums .
Vicious Delicious is the sixth studio album by psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom , released on March 26 , 2007 .
To the One is an album released by British jazz guitarist John McLaughlin .
Mantrapping for Sport and Profit is the fourth album from the New Hampshire group Scissorfight .
The Humdinger is the third studio album by Kentucky - based hip hop group Nappy Roots , released on August 5 , 2008 , the quintet 's follow - up to their 2008 mixtape Cookout Muzik .
`` Stop , Drop and Roll '' is a single released by New Zealand hip hop artist , Mareko featuring the Deceptikonz .
`` You Ca n't Judge a Book by the Cover '' is a 1962 song by rock and roll pioneer Bo Diddley .
Recorded Fall 1961 is a 1961 studio album by American jazz musicians Bob Brookmeyer and Stan Getz .
`` Tous les mêmes '' ( French for `` ( They are ) All the Same '' ) is a song by Belgian singer Stromae , released in 2013 .
The Bosses is a 1973 album by American blues shouter Big Joe Turner accompanied by a small group led by Count Basie , recorded in 1973 and released on the Pablo label .
`` The Chicken Song '' is a novelty song by the British satirical comedy television programme Spitting Image ( series 3 , episode 6 ) .
`` Crazy Rap '' , also known as `` Colt 45 and 2 Zig Zags '' or simply `` Colt 45 '' , is a dirty rap single recorded by rapper Afroman .
Smiling at Grief is a studio album released by UK neo - progressive band Twelfth Night in 1982 .
Never Going Back is the tenth studio album from Country singer Collin Raye .
The Honeymoon Is Over is the third studio album by Australian indie rock band The Cruel Sea , which was released in May 1993 .
`` Into a Swan '' is a song written and performed by Siouxsie Sioux ( Siouxsie and the Banshees , The Creatures ) for Sioux 's debut solo album Mantaray .
Feels Closer is a 2006 album by the London duo Layo Paskin and Matthew Benjamin , known as Layo and Bushwacka .
Ballader och oförskämdheter ( English : Ballads and impertinencies ) is the debut album by the Swedish - Dutch folk singer - songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk .
`` Every Little Thing U Do '' is a song by American R&B artist Christopher Williams recorded for his second album Changes ( 1992 ) .
`` Letting Go ( Cry Just a Little ) '' is a song written and performed by Haitian club , pop , R&B , electronic , and urban artist Qwote and Cuban - American rapper , Pitbull , the latter of whom is credited as MR . Worldwide .
It 's a Wiggly Wiggly World is a video released by Australian children 's band The Wiggles in July 2000 .
`` My Mamma Said '' is a song by Danish - Norwegian pop band Aqua .
Zostaň ( English : Stay ) is the ninth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on Jumbo Records in 1994 .
`` I.O.I.O. '' is a song by the Bee Gees , released on the album Cucumber Castle .
Estandarte is the tenth studio album released by Brazilian rock band Skank in 2008 .
Vi ska bara leva klart is the debut album by Swedish pop group Raymond & Maria , released on August 18 , 2004 .
Speak for Yourself is the second solo album by British singer Imogen Heap , following her collaborative effort with Guy Sigsworth as Frou Frou .
`` The Mirror 's Truth '' is the first single released by In Flames from their ninth album A Sense of Purpose .
A Traditional Christmas is a Christmas album released by country music artist Joe Nichols .
`` Can I Live ? '' is a hip - hop / R&B by Sisqó for his second studio album Return of Dragon .
Kollaps was the first official LP by Einstürzende Neubauten , released in 1981 on German label ZickZack as # ZZ 65 .
Vapor Transmission is the second album by American Industrial rock band Orgy .
`` I Do n't Know Why '' ( sometimes listed as `` I Do n't Know Why I Love You '' ) is a 1968 song by American singer - songwriter Stevie Wonder , from the album For Once in My Life ( 1968 ) .
Sve sami hedovi is the second studio album from the Serbian hip - hop group , Bad Copy .
Do n't Go to Strangers is an album recorded in 1960 by jazz vocalist Etta Jones .
The Gulley Flats Boys is a double - disc album from British musician Francis Dunnery , released in 2005 .
The Great Destroyer is a 2005 album by the slowcore band Low .
Identical Remote Controlled Reactions is the second and final studio album by Australian nu metal group Superheist .
`` Waterloo Sunset '' is a song by British rock band The Kinks .
The Dark Wo n't Hide You is the debut release by Los Angeles - based rock band Night Horse .
`` Driven by You '' is a song by Queen 's lead guitarist Brian May.
`` Permawar '' ( stylized as `` PermaWar '' ) is a song by American industrial metal band Ministry .
Da li je to čovek ili je mašina ( Is that a Human or a Machine ? ) is the seventh studio album by the Serbian indie / alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label UrbaNS in 2005 .
Spending Time on the Borderline is Ozma 's third full length studio album .
Dancing with a Ghost is the third full - length studio album by American pop punk band Valencia , released through I Surrender Records on October 12 , 2010 .
Ashes Grammar is the second full - length album from A Sunny Day in Glasgow , released on LP , CD , and mp3 formats on September 15 , 2009 by Mis Ojos Discos .
Written by Missy Elliott and Tim `` Timbaland '' Mosley , `` She 's a Bitch '' set the darker tone of Da Real World , featuring Elliott 's angry lyrics and an ominous soundscape courtesy of Timbaland .
L'esquisse is a 2005 studio album by Argentinian - French rapper Keny Arkana .
`` Una lacrima sul viso '' ( Italian for A Tear on your Face ) is a song composed by Mogol and Bobby Solo and performed by Bobby Solo .
Nobody Knows the Trouble I 've Been is an album by folk artist `` Spider '' John Koerner released in 1986 .
I 'm Beginning to See the Light is an album by musicians David Grisman and Martin Taylor , released in 1999 .
The Will to Live ( 1997 ) , an album by Ben Harper which showed his continuing folk - centric focus , while at the same time expanding on his rock talents .
`` Ill Behaviour '' is a song by drum and bass DJ , producer and musician Danny Byrd .
Ritero Xaperle Bax is the seventh album by the Slovak punk rock / comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže , released in October 2004 .
`` Wake Me Up When September Ends '' is a song by American rock band Green Day , released on June 13 , 2005 as the fourth single from the group 's seventh studio album , American Idiot ( 2004 ) .
Transmissions from Uranus is the second full - length album by American Industrial metal band Hanzel und Gretyl .
Everything Is Expensive is the third studio album by Canadian singer - songwriter Esthero , set for release on October 30 , 2012 .
P.U.S.P.A Repackage is the third studio album by Indonesia pop band ST 12 .
From the Corner to the Block is the fifth studio album by the New Orleans - based jazz fusion / funk group Galactic .
`` Time and Time Again '' is the second single from Californian rock band Papa Roach 's third album , Lovehatetragedy , and fifth released single in total .
Holding My Own is the twelfth studio album by Texan country music singer George Strait .
Klagopsalmer ( roughly , Hymns of Lament ) is the sixth album by Shining .
The White Songbook is the fifth studio album by Joy Electric , and the first in the band 's ongoing Legacy series .
`` Deadbeat Club '' was the fifth and last single released from The B-52 's ' album Cosmic Thing .
Everything Is Fine is the third studio album from American Country Music artist Josh Turner , released on October 30 , 2007 .
Memoirs of a Common Man is the debut album by Melbourne - based band Antiskeptic .
`` Pegaito a la Pared '' is the first single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Tego Calderón from his upcoming fifth album Mr. T. It was released on iTunes on November 1 , 2008 through Jiggiri Records .
`` Itchycoo Park '' is a psychedelic pop song written by Steve Marriott and Ronnie Lane , first recorded by their group , the Small Faces .
Milk Famous is the third album by the American indie rock band the White Rabbits .
The Three Pyramids Club is the second solo studio album by a British singer Suggs known from second wave ska band Madness .
The Motion Makes Me Last is an EP from Portland , OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper , under the name Eluvium .
Intensified is an album by Desmond Dekker & the Aces released in 1970 .
`` Private Universe '' is a 1993 song by rock group Crowded House from the group 's fourth studio album Together Alone .
`` Miles to Go ( Before I Sleep ) '' is a promotional single from Celine Dion 's album Let 's Talk About Love .
Jazz W Wolnych Chwilach is a double album released by O.S.T.R. in 2003 .
Intelligence and Sacrifice is a 2001 album by German recording artist Alec Empire .
I , Assassin is the sixth studio album , and fourth under his own name , by Gary Numan .
What a Woman Needs is the eleventh album by singer Melba Moore , released in 1981 .
`` Cheated Hearts '' is a single by New York based alternative rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs .
We Have the Technology is the fourth album by Australian band Custard .
`` Du riechst so gut '' ( German for `` You smell so good '' ) is a song by the German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein .
`` Science of Silence '' is a song by English singer - songwriter Richard Ashcroft and is the sixth track on his 2002 album Human Conditions .
`` Soul Sound '' is a song by British girl group Sugababes from their debut studio album One Touch ( 2000 ) .
`` Young Homie '' is the debut single written and performed by American singer - songwriter Chris Rene .
`` Thing About You '' is a song written by Tom Petty , and recorded by American country music group Southern Pacific , featuring Emmylou Harris .
10 Songs for the New Depression is the twenty - first studio album by American singer - songwriter Loudon Wainwright III , released in July 2010 through Proper Records .
How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You 're Not Anywhere at All is the second comedy album recorded by The Firesign Theatre .
`` Plastic Dreams '' is a 1992 song recorded by Dutch dance producer Jaydee .
Time of the Last Persecution was the second album of progressive folk singer Bill Fay .
Last Drive is the first and only studio album by Eric Burdon 's Fire Dept . , released in 1980 .
Slow Burning Lights is a studio album by American hip hop production duo Blue Sky Black Death .
`` It 's Love '' is a song by progressive metal band King 's X appearing on their album Faith Hope Love .
`` Progenies of the Great Apocalypse '' is a song by the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir .
Advance to the Fall is the second full - length album by Japanese power metal band Galneryus .
No Deeper Blue is a 1994 studio album by Texas country / folk singer - songwriter Townes Van Zandt .
Destiny Line is the debut studio album by American - born Japanese pop singer Leah Dizon .
`` Eddie 's Song '' is the second and final single from British pop - punk band Son of Dork 's debut , and only , studio album , Welcome to Loserville .
`` Tameiki '' ( Sigh ) is Jun Shibata 's 6th single and first recut .
Wrap the Green Flag Round Me Bhoys is a Celtic F.C. football song that sung by Derek Warfield .
`` Your Woman '' is a song by British one - man band White Town .
The North Bend is the second full - length album by Rafael Anton Irisarri , released by Australian label ROOM40 .
The Virgin Mary Australian Tour Acoustic / Strings Album ( Your Tears Are Warning Signs ) is the fourth overall release by the Brisbane band The Red Paintings .
`` Lifetime to Love '' is a 2000 song by the musician CeCe Peniston .
The August Engine is the second studio album by the American progressive / heavy metal band Hammers of Misfortune .
`` Made You Look '' is the first single from Nas ' 2002 album , God 's Son .
The Chicago Theme is an album by flautist Hubert Laws recorded at Rudy Van Gelder 's Studio in New Jersey in 1974 and released in 1975 on the CTI label .
Hipnoz ( Hypnosis ) is the sixth studio album by Turkish singer - songwriter Hande Yener , released on May 14 , 2008 by Erol Köse Exclusive .
Bebop Moptop was the second album from Scottish pop group Danny Wilson .
Lost in the Former West was the final album released by The Fatima Mansions , continuing the focus on hard - rock anthems that had begun on Valhalla Avenue .
Tetra Karcist is the seventh studio album by the Belgian black metal band , Enthroned .
`` Downtown Boys '' is a song by Danish pop duo Infernal .
Snow on the Sahara ( English version ) / Au nom de la lune ( French version ) is the first international studio album by Indonesian singer Anggun .
Reproductions is a studio album of cover versions by Charlotte Martin .
Sexto Sentido ( Spanish for `` Sixth Sense '' ) is the 29th album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge .
Slightly Pimpish / Mostly Doggish is the fifth studio album and eighth album overall released by N2Deep .
A Crazy Steal is a 1978 album by English rock / pop group , The Hollies .
`` Miss Freelove ' 69 '' was a single by iconic Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus which reached # 19 on the ARIA Singles Charts and # 3 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks .
`` Light Up ( The World ) '' is a song recorded by British artist Yasmin , featuring Shy FX and Ms. Dynamite .
`` Rainy Days and Mondays '' is a 1971 song by The Carpenters , with instrumental backing by L.A. session musicians from the Wrecking Crew , that went to # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and it was the duo 's fourth # 1 song on the Adult Contemporary singles chart .
`` 서울의 빛 '' A.K.A. `` The Lights of Seoul '' by BoA is a special promo Korean single CD which was a special single given to people who attended Hi Seoul festival in 2003 .
`` Breakfast ( Syrup ) '' is a song by American recording artist Kreayshawn , released May 22 , 2012 as the second single from her debut studio album Somethin' Bout Kreay ( 2012 ) .
Infinity on High is the third studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy , released on February 5 , 2007 by Island Records as the follow - up to the band 's commercially successful 2005 album From Under the Cork Tree .
After Bathing at Baxter 's , the third album by the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane , was released in 1967 as RCA Victor LSO-1511 ( stereo ) & LOP-1511 ( mono ) .
Drums Unlimited is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1965 and 1966 and released on the Atlantic label .
Road Trips Volume 1 Number 1 is a live album by the Grateful Dead .
`` Gold Dust Woman '' is a song from the best - selling Fleetwood Mac album Rumours .
First Demo Tape is an archival release of recordings by the American hardcore punk band Minor Threat .
Down with Wilco is the fifth album by American rock band The Minus 5 .
A Lady Named Smith is the twenty first album by American country music artist , Connie Smith .
`` Are You In ? '' is the fourth single from Incubus 4th full length album Morning View .
`` Catch Me While I 'm Sleeping '' is a song from American singer Pink 's third studio album Try This , originally recorded for Missundaztood .
Anarchytecture is the sixth studio album by English band Skunk Anansie .
No Place Like Chrome is a collaborative album by American rappers Apathy and Celph Titled .
For My Friends is the fourth studio album by American rock band Blind Melon , released April 22 , 2008 .
Byrd in the Wind is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1959 and released on the Riverside label in 1963.The album was first released on the Washington Records Offbeat imprint as Byrd in the Wind :
Gestern war heute noch morgen ( German for `` Yesterday today was still tomorrow '' ) is a song compilation of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz .
Bitter Funeral Beer is an album by Swedish ethnomusicologist , drummer , and composer Bengt Berger recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label .
Here to Save You All is the debut album by rapper Chino XL released on April 9 , 1996 .
Storm Before Calm is the fourth album of the Irish black metal band Primordial .
`` My Heart Is Yours '' is a Norwegian pop ballad composed by Hanne Sørvaag and Fredrik Kempe and performed by Didrik Solli - Tangen .
Wake Me When It 's Over is Faster Pussycat 's second album , moving from the hair metal sound of their first album to a blues - influenced sound .
Free Mars is the only album by the experimental psychedelic rock project Lusk , released in 1997 in a Digipak - style case .
`` Breadfan '' is a heavy metal song originally recorded by Budgie , appearing on their 1973 album Never Turn Your Back on a Friend .
Olen kuul ( I 'm a bullet ) is the first album by Estonian rock band Smilers to be released in Estonia , in 1997 .
Nobody Knows What You Do is an album by John Hartford , released in 1976 .
To a Place is the debut album of independent singer Laura Shay .
Road Trips Volume 1 Number 4 is a two - CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead .
Live at the Hardback is a live recording of what was thought to be Hot Water Music 's final show performed in 1999 and one of the last shows performed at The Hardback Cafe , in Florida .
Crossing All Borders is an LP by Latin hip hop duo Tha Mexakinz .
I Want That You Are Always Happy is the debut studio album by Australian folk band The Middle East , released in Australia and New Zealand through Spunk Records on 8 April 2011 .
The Novella Reservoir is the sixth full - length studio album by the American death - doom band Novembers Doom , released in 2007 .
Your Vision Was Never Mine to Share is the third and last full - length studio album by Misery Loves Co ..
Son of Dungeon Tape is a cassette tape by Australian folk rock group The Triffids .
From Filthy Tongue of Gods and Griots is the second album by Dälek , released in 2002 .
`` Phantom 309 '' is a song written by Tommy Faile and released as a single by Red Sovine in 1967 .
W.A.R. ( We Are Renegades ) is the third studio album of American hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch released on March 22 , 2011 under Duck Down Records .
In the Making ... is the second album from Christian rock band Nevertheless , released on September 16 , 2008 .
`` My Ship Is Comin ' In '' is a song written by Joey Brooks which was first a song for the American soul singer Jimmy Radcliffe in 1965 and was later recorded and released by the American pop group The Walker Brothers as their fourth single that same year .
Old / Quartet is an album recorded in 1967 by Roscoe Mitchell 's Art Ensemble which later became known as the Art Ensemble of Chicago .
`` Best Friend 's Brother '' is a song performed by American pop recording artist Victoria Justice , billed as Cast of Victorious featuring Victoria Justice .
Everything Dies is a single by American gothic metal band Type O Negative from their 1999 release World Coming Down .
`` Ascendead Master '' is the fourth single by Versailles , but their first single on a major label .
Saddle Pals is an album by the Western swing band Riders in the Sky , released in 1987 .
Dr Boondigga and the Big BW is the second studio album by the New Zealand group Fat Freddy 's Drop , released on 2 June 2009 on The Drop .
IX Equilibrium is the third studio album by the black metal band Emperor .
`` Ultra Lover '' is the third Japanese single by South Korean boy band 2PM .
Hip Hop and the World We Live In is a studio album by American rapper Aceyalone .
You 've Got to Believe in Something is the third studio album by American rock band Spin Doctors , released in 1996 .
To Heaven from Hell is an EP released by the heavy metal band Diamond Head .
A Tiempo de Rock ( English : Time to Rock ) is the second album of the band Sombrero Verde ( now Maná ) .
`` Slip of the Lip '' is a song recorded by American heavy metal band Ratt in 1986 from the album Dancing Undercover and is also on their greatest hits album Ratt & Roll 81 - 91 .
How I Learned to Love the Bootboys is the fourth and final album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs .
Divine Discontent is the fourth studio album by American band Sixpence None the Richer , released on October 29 , 2002 .
There 's Always Another Girl is the 11th solo studio album by Juliana Hatfield , released August 30 , 2011 .
`` She Will '' is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne , released as the fourth single from his ninth studio album , Tha Carter IV . The song features Canadian rapper Drake .
`` Carry On Wayward Son '' is a single recorded by Kansas and written by Kerry Livgren for their 1976 album Leftoverture .
In the Midst of Your Drama is the third full - length recording by Swedish band The Grand Opening .
Djam Leelii is the first widely distributed album of Senegalese musician Baaba Maal and guitarist Mansour Seck .
Livin ' on a Dream is an album by female artist Robin Beck .
Trap Queen is the debut single by American rapper Fetty Wap from his self - titled debut album ( 2015 ) .
`` When It 's Love '' is a power ballad by the American rock band Van Halen .
New Detention is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Grinspoon .
Nothing 's Going to Happen is the sixth full - length album released by indie rock band Elf Power .
Things Worth Fighting For is the debut album by solo artist John McKeown .
`` Namae wa , Mada Nai '' ( 名前は、未だ無ひ. ; I Do n't Yet Have a Name ) is the first single release by Japanese rock band Alice Nine .
A Picnic on the 405 is a record by folk - singer John Craigie .
Photorecording is a compilation album by American emo band Elliott .
The Intercontinentals is the 16th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label .
Ja tu tylko sprzątam ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˌja tu ˌtɨlkɔ ˈspʂɔ̃ntam ) , English : Talk to the organ grinder not the monkey ) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 22 , 2008 .
`` Help I 'm Alive '' is the lead single from Canadian rock group Metric 's fourth studio album Fantasies .
The Gentle Giant is an album by multi - instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1970 and 1971 and released on the Atlantic label .
The Living Room Tapes , Vol . 2 is an album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau and clarinetist Brad Terry , released in 1990 .
Goodnight Vienna followed the commercially successful predecessor Ringo , and Starr used many of the same players , including Billy Preston , Klaus Voormann , Robbie Robertson , Harry Nilsson , and producer Richard Perry .
`` Rock Me Tonite '' is a hit song written and recorded by American rock artist Billy Squier .
The Sneak Attack is rapper KRS - One 's fourth solo hip hop album .
If I Do n't Come Home You 'll Know I 'm Gone is the second album by Canadian independent rock band The Wooden Sky , released in August 2009 .
`` Who 's Gon na Find Me '' is the first single from the fourth full - length album by British band The Coral , Roots & Echoes , and was released on 30 July 2007 .
Bleeding Star is the final album released in 1993 by New Zealand band Jean - Paul Sartre Experience .
Vivi and ... is an album by Taiwanese singer / actress / model Vivian Hsu , released September 19 , 2006 on the Avex label .
Falta Amor ( in English : Love Is Lacking ) is the first studio album ( fourth overall ) under the WEA Latina label , by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná .
`` Jewel of Kiss '' is the fifteenth single from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani , and the second single from her 2004 album , Tsuioku+Love Letter .
Bob 's Car is an demo album by the band Cracker , released to fan club members in January 1995 .
Unorthodox Creative Criteria is the third studio album by Chilean technical death metal band Coprofago .
`` Amor Mío , ¿ Qué Me Has Hecho ? '' ( `` My Love , What Have You Done with Me ? '' ) is a song released by Spanish recording artist Camilo Sesto as the first single from his studio album A Voluntad del Cielo ( Heaven 's Will ) in 1991 .
Up to Our Hips is the third album by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans , released on 21 March 1994 .
`` Point Me at the Sky '' is the fifth United Kingdom single by the British band Pink Floyd , released on 17 December 1968 .
Xena was played by New Zealand actress Lucy Lawless , who commonly wore a tight leather skirted outfit overlaid with metal armor .
Highway to Hell Tour was a concert tour by Australian rock band AC / DC in support of the group 's 7th studio album , Highway to Hell , released in July 1979 .
`` Not a Saint '' is a song by Dutch DJ & producer Vato Gonzalez featuring vocals from Lethal Bizzle and Donae'o .
Fancy Footwork is the second studio album by Canadian electro - funk duo Chromeo , released on May 8 , 2007 by Turbo Recordings and Last Gang Records .
No Need to Argue is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries , released in 1994 .
Leap ! and Take the Leap ! are the names for Toyah Willcox 's project subsequent to Ophelia 's Shadow .
Speckled Goats II is Christian hip - hop DJ DJ Maj 's 7th release and third album .
`` Do n't Stop ( Wiggle Wiggle ) '' is a 1994 song by American hip - house duo The Outhere Brothers from their debut album 1 Polish , 2 Biscuits & a Fish Sandwich .
`` Does Your Mother Know '' ( working title : `` I Can Do It '' ) is a song recorded in 1979 by Swedish pop group ABBA and was the second single to be released from their album Voulez - Vous .
`` Talk , Talk , Talk '' was a single from The Ordinary Boys which appeared on their first album Over the Counter Culture .
Det är ni som e dom konstiga , det är jag som e normal ( English translation : You Are the Strange Ones , I Am the Normal One ) is the third solo album of Swedish rock musician Joakim Thåström ( not counting the soundtrack Singoalla ) .
`` Slow It Down '' is a song by British boy band East 17 .
`` I 'll Keep Your Memory Vague '' is the third single ( final in the U.S. because `` Talking To The Walls '' was only released in Canada ) and also the third track on Finger Eleven 's fifth studio album Them vs. You vs. Me .
`` Amor Clandestino '' ( English : `` Underground Love '' ) is the second single from Mexican Latin pop / Rock en Español band Maná 's eighth studio album Drama y Luz .
`` This Ai n't the Summer of Love '' is a song released in 1976 by rock band Blue Öyster Cult from the album Agents of Fortune .
Sugoi Indeed is the eight studio album from Japanese garage metal trio Electric Eel Shock , released 2009 .
Beyond the Valley of 1984 is the second album by punk - metal band The Plasmatics .
`` The More You Live , the More You Love '' is the name of a 1984 single by A Flock of Seagulls .
`` Wobble Wobble '' is the lead single released by the 504 Boyz ' debut studio album , Goodfellas .
Undo the Wicked is the debut album by the Boston - based metalcore music group Diecast .
Scrappy Happiness is an album by Joel Plaskett Emergency released on March 27 , 2012 .
A Different Kind of Weather was the third and final album released by the British band , The Dream Academy .
`` I Will Get Your Kiss '' is a song written by Japanese singer - songwriter Akinori Nakagawa as his debut single .
Now , There Was a Song ! is the ninth album by Johnny Cash , featuring songs by Ernest Tubb , Hank Williams , and George Jones .
`` Looking Good Diving '' ( Morgan , McVey , Stock Aitken Waterman ) `` Looking Good Diving with the Wild Bunch '' featuring Neneh Cherry ( Morgan , McVey , Cherry ) ( remixed by The Wild Bunch )
Funny Creatures Lane is the second album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle , released in 2002 .
Prismophonic is the name given to the third album by Christophe Willem .
`` Do You Feel Like I Feel ? '' is the second single from Belinda Carlisle 's Live Your Life Be Free album , released in 1991 ( See 1991 in music ) .
Zoltank ( stylized as ZOLTANK ) is the second studio album by Japanese Darkwave duo , Aural Vampire , but their first released through a major record label .
I Started Out with Nothin and I Still Got Most of It Left ( styled i Started out with nothin and i Still got most of it Left ) is the third album by Seasick Steve .
This Is Our Science is the fourth studio album from alternative hip hop artist Astronautalis .
Lost Tapes of Opio is the tenth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson , released in 1996 .
`` Black and White Town '' is the lead single on Doves ' third album , Some Cities .
The Work Tapes is an album of demos recorded by vocalist Glenn Hughes ( Deep Purple/ Black Sabbath/ Trapeze ) and keyboardist Geoff Downes ( Asia /Buggles /Yes ) .
Blunted on Reality is the debut studio album released by American hip hop group Fugees .
Hello I Feel the Same is the ninth studio album by American alternative band The Innocence Mission .
`` I Wo n't Take Less Than Your Love '' is a song written by Paul Overstreet and Don Schlitz , and recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker with Paul Davis & Overstreet .
Hellborn ( album ) is the second album from the heavy metal band David Shankle Group .
Rock Solid Guitar is the seventh studio album by guitarist David T. Chastain .
`` Christmas Makes Me Cry '' is the third single from Christian singer , Mandisa .
`` Toast and Marmalade for Tea '' is a song by the Australian rock group Tin Tin , and was written by Steve Groves and produced by Maurice Gibb .
`` There Are Listed Buildings '' is a song by Los Campesinos ! and the second single from their 2010 album Romance is Boring , released November 2 , 2009 .
Bombscare is a track from the 1991 album Hold It Down by 2 Bad Mice .
Alive on Planet Earth is the first live album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings .
`` Do You Think of Me ? '' is a song recorded by British recording artist Misha B , released as her second official single on 4 November 2012 .
Goodbye Cool World ! is the third release by DIY collective Bomb the Music Industry!.
El Arte de la Elegancia de LFC ( The Art of Elegance of LFC ) ( 2009 ) is the sixteenth album by Argentine ska band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs .
Feminine Fancy is the name of a Country and Western album by Dottie West which she recorded in the latter half of 1968 at RCA Victor Studio in Nashville , Tennessee with Chet Atkins producing .
Sassy K is the 4th studio album by thai singer Katreeya English released on June 26 , 2007 .
Ateliér duše ( English : Soul Atelier ) is the seventh solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1987 .
Songs to Fan the Flames of Discontent is the second full length album by Swedish hardcore punk band Refused .
`` Guns and Horses '' is a song by English recording artist Ellie Goulding from her debut album , Lights ( 2010 ) .
A Nod and a Wink is the fourteenth studio album by the English progressive rock band Camel , released in July 2002 on the label Camel Productions .
`` A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld '' is a single by the ambient house group The Orb .
`` Mamma Knows Best '' is a song by British singer - songwriter Jessie J , from her debut studio album Who You Are .
Praise the Lard , a record album by PIG ( Raymond Watts ) , was initially released on Concrete Records in 1991 and re - released by Cleopatra Records in 1997 .
`` It 's Not the End of the World ? '' is a song by Welsh band Super Furry Animals .
`` A Little in Love '' is a song co - written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Paul Brandt for his 1997 album Outside the Frame .
Folk of the 80s ( Part III ) is the second studio album by Canadian synthpop group Men Without Hats , released in 1984 .
`` Innocent World '' is the fifth single released by Mr. Children on June 1 , 1994 .
`` Track Three '' ( informal title : `` Delayed '' ) is a song written and recorded by American singer - songwriter Scott Walker in 1983 .
`` Any Means Necessary '' is a song by the Swedish power and heavy metal band HammerFall released as a single from their album No Sacrifice , No Victory .
`` What Do I Do Now ? '' is a song by English Britpop band Sleeper , written by the band 's vocalist and guitarist Louise Wener .
`` Tonight , the Night '' is Bonnie Pink 's twentieth single from the album Present .
Matters of the Bittersweet is the first solo acoustic album by singer Matthew Santos .
Shappa is a musical side - project from two Serbian most active musicians of `` young generation , '' Wikluh Sky ( Bad Copy ) and Coyote ( Eyesburn , Burnin ' Soundz ) , with help of King Kyll from Paris .
Did Tomorrow Come ... is the third and last album from Polish gothic metal band Sirrah , though it was their second official release .
Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply is an album by the British rock group Slade .
The Fharmacist is the 13th album released by MC Breed .
To Record Only Water for Ten Days is the third solo album by American musician John Frusciante , released in 2001 through Warner Music Group .
Songs for the Mama That Tried is the 32nd studio album by American country singer Merle Haggard , released in 1981 .
`` Another Weekend '' is the name of a 1988 hit single by the British pop group Five Star .
Faders Up 2 is a live album of the Belgian band Triggerfinger .
`` Do n't Lose My Number '' is a song by Phil Collins from his third solo album No Jacket Required .
Hotel Paper is the second studio album by American singer - songwriter Michelle Branch which was released on June 24 , 2003 .
Pathway to Deviance is the fifth album by death metal band Desecration .
`` Darling Nikki '' is a song produced , arranged , composed and performed by American musician Prince and originally released on his Grammy Award - winning 1984 album , Purple Rain .
The Art of Rolling is the debut album by the Danish blues rock group The Blue Van .
Map of Love ( Chinese : 愛的地圖 ) is Taiwanese girl group S.H.E 's 1st digital album , and was released on June 22 , 2009 .
Inhuman Rampage is the third studio album by English power metal band DragonForce , released on 6 January 2006 and 20 June 2006 in North America .
`` I Do n't Think So '' is a song by American recording artist Kelis from her fourth studio album , Kelis Was Here ( 2006 ) .
Most of My Heroes Still Do n't Appear on No Stamp is the eleventh studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy , released on July 13 , 2012 , by Slam Jamz .
ZuZu Man is the thirteenth album by New Orleans singer and pianist Dr. John .
R.S.V.P. ( Rare Songs , Very Personal ) is a 2004 album by Nancy Wilson , featuring Wilson in duet with George Shearing , Toots Thielemans , Phil Woods , and Gary Burton .
Arkansas Heat is an EP by the American garage rock band The Gossip , it was released on May 7 , 2002 .
`` Volcano Girls '' is a single by the American alternative rock band Veruca Salt , released in 1997 on their album Eight Arms to Hold You .
All You Need is a song by French recording artist Miss Kittin .
10¢ Billionaire is the sixth album released by the hard rock band BulletBoys .
`` Dancing with Mr. D. '' is the opening track of rock and roll band The Rolling Stones ' 1973 album Goats Head Soup .
Count Yourself In is the debut album by the pop punk band Ten Second Epic .
Who Do Ya ( Love ) is the fifth studio album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band .
Rhythm of Fear is the third full - length studio album from American crossover thrash band , M.O.D ..
Le Volume du vent is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock group Karkwa , released in 2008 .
Rock & Roll Madness is the second album by American rock group Ruby , featuring Tom Fogerty .
Meowingtons Hax Tour Trax is a compilation album by artists who are signed to deadmau5 's record label , mau5trap .
Long Way to Heaven is the fifth studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Helix .
The Original Soundtrack is the third studio album by the English art rock band 10cc .
Strange Mercy was written in Seattle while Annie Clark spent time in isolation there , an experience Clark described as a `` loneliness experiment '' and `` a cleanse . ''
Dead Men Do n't Smoke Marijuana is the last album by Sierra Leonean highlife and palm wine musician S. E. Rogie , featuring the double bassist , Danny Thompson .
`` Coin - Operated Boy '' is a single by The Dresden Dolls duo , taken from the self - titled debut album The Dresden Dolls .
`` If Only I Had My Mind on Something Else '' is a country song recorded by the Bee Gees .
Kala Cinta Menggoda ( English : When Love Tempts ) is a 1997 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye , with arrangement by Erwin Gutawa .
Edge of Winter is an album by New Zealand / Australian singer - songwriter Sharon O'Neill which was released by Polydor in 1990 .
`` Not Enough Time '' is the third single from the 1992 album Welcome to Wherever You Are , it was released simultaneously with `` Baby Do n't Cry '' ( Europe and Australia ) but only in the US and Japan , by Australian rock band INXS .
Hallelujah Time ! is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded between 1963 and 1966 and released on the Prestige label .
Wake / Lift is the second full - length album by post - metal band Rosetta .
`` Evan Di Unna Pethan '' ( Tamil : எவன்டி உன்ன பெத்தான் ; English : Who gave birth to you ? ) is a song by Indian artist and film composer Yuvan Shankar Raja .
`` All the Young Dudes '' is a song written by David Bowie , originally recorded and released as a single by Mott the Hoople in 1972 .
`` Ride My See - Saw '' is a hit 1968 single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues .
`` When Under Ether '' is a song written by PJ Harvey for her album White Chalk ( 2007 ) .
`` ( It 's Not War ) Just the End of Love '' is a song by Manic Street Preachers and both the opener and the lead single of their tenth album Postcards From a Young Man .
`` The Last Song I 'll Write for You '' is a song recorded by American Idol season 7 winner and singer - songwriter David Cook .
Bursting Bubbles is a studio LP by the rock artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1980 .
`` Wir beide '' ( German : The two of us ) is the name of the seventh single of German pop / rock group Juli .
Gr8 Story ( Great Story , typeset as gr8 story ) is a single by Japanese visual kei rock band Sug .
Hdoudi Sama ( Arabic : حدودي السما - The sky is my limit‎ ) is a studio album by Carole Samaha .
Electronic Meditation is the debut album by the German electronic music group Tangerine Dream .
Jealous Girls is a single by the band The Gossip .
Stairs and Flowers is a single by the band Skinny Puppy from the album Mind :
Traveling Miles is the thirteenth overall album by American jazz vocalist Cassandra Wilson .
Smartie Mine ( 1999 ) is Iowa native singer / songwriter Dan Bern 's follow - up to Fifty Eggs .
In the Spotlight is the fifteenth studio album by the American singer - songwriter and bass guitar player Suzi Quatro .
`` Chopped ' n ' Skrewed '' is the second single released from R&B singer - songwriter T - Pain 's third album , Thr33 Ringz .
Two Shoes is the second studio album by Australian ska - jazz band The Cat Empire , which was issued on 19 April 2005 .
Scattered Practices is Ezekiel Honig 's fourth album , released October 2006 by Microcosm Music .
She Is a Song is the second solo album by country rock musician Rick Roberts .
Unknown Territory is the second studio album from U.K. dance act Bomb the Bass .
Acquiring the Taste was the second album of English progressive rock band Gentle Giant , released in 1971 .
`` To Where You Are '' is a song by American singer Josh Groban that appears on his 2001 debut album .
`` So Gently We Go '' is a song by Canadian rock band I Mother Earth , released as a single from their debut studio album , Dig . The song reached # 1 on Canada 's CANCON chart .
D - Formation is the fifth full - length studio album by J - pop singer Minori Chihara .
`` Dontchange '' is the second and last single from Musiq Soulchild 's second album Juslisen .
`` What I Mean '' is a song by French house producer Modjo .
Selbstportrait is the third solo album by German keyboardist Hans - Joachim Roedelius , best known for his work with Cluster , Harmonia , and Aquarello .
`` Drifter 's Escape '' is a song written by Bob Dylan and released on his 1967 album John Wesley Harding .
Love Unstoppable is an album from Contemporary Gospel singer Fred Hammond .
Nineteeneighties is a 2006 cover album by Grant - Lee Phillips .
East Side San Jose is the debut album by American guitarist and keyboardist Clifford Coulter recorded in 1970 for the Impulse ! label .
The Habit of Fire is a 2007 album by Indonesian avant - garde metal band Kekal .
`` Shake the Disease '' is Depeche Mode 's thirteenth UK single recorded at Hansa Mischraum in Berlin ( released on 29 April 1985 ) , and was one of two new songs released on the compilation The Singles ( 81 - 85 ) the same year , along with `` It 's Called a Heart '' .
One Among the Living is the fourth studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery .
Strange News from the Angels is the third and final album by New Zealand band The 3Ds .
`` Your Mama Do n't Dance '' is a hit 1972 song by the rock duo Loggins and Messina .
Whole New You is American singer - songwriter and musician Shawn Colvin 's sixth album , and also her sixth studio album , released in 2001 .
Tied Down is the only official studio album by hardcore punk band Negative Approach .
`` Throw Some D 's '' is the first single from the self - titled album of rap artist Rich Boy , and his most commercially successful song to date .
Smooth as the Wind is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell with strings and brass recorded in late 1960 and early 1961 and released on the Riverside label .
Tonight At The Arizona was released in 2007 by The Felice Brothers on English Label Loose .
Let 's Go Everywhere is an album of children 's music released by Medeski Martin & Wood .
Šta je to u tvojim venama ( English : What Is In Your Veins ? ) , later renamed Kukavica ( English : Coward ) , is the fifth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca .
`` You 're Beautiful '' is a song co - written by British singer James Blunt , Sacha Skarbek , and Amanda Ghost for Blunt 's debut album , Back to Bedlam ( 2004 ) .
`` Beds Are Burning '' is a 1987 song by Australian rock band Midnight Oil , the first track from their album Diesel and Dust .
`` All the Reasons Why '' is a song written by Paulette Carlson and Beth Nielsen Chapman , and recorded by American country music group Highway 101 .
Skip the Goodbyes is the second album from Amfibian , led by Phish lyricist Tom Marshall and guitarist Anthony Krizan .
All This Everything is the third album by rock band Perpetual Groove .
`` Listen to Your Father '' is pop vocalist Feargal Sharkey 's first single as a solo artist , released in 1984 .
Songs in Red and Gray is the sixth studio album release by New York - based singer / songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega .
The Quiet Times of a Rock and Roll Farm Boy is the second solo album by American country music artist Big Kenny , one - half of the duo Big & Rich .
`` Always Where I Need to Be '' is a song by British rock band The Kooks featured on their second album , Konk .
Tulikoira is the nineteenth album recorded by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle .
Super Highways is the second album by New Order members Gillian Gilbert and Stephen Morris under the name The Other Two .
`` Nothin' You Can Do About It '' is a rock song recorded by Richard Marx for his second album , Repeat Offender .
Likes ... is the first solo album by Dani Siciliano .
Bet You Think I 'm Lonely was the fourth album released by the Wild Strawberries , and the only album released under the band 's own label Strawberry Records .
`` Hoy Como Ayer '' ( `` Today Like Yesterday '' ) is a song performed by Mexican group Conjunto Primavera .
Simon Adebisi is a fictional character played by Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje on the HBO dramatic series Oz . Adebisi serves as one of the main characters in the first four seasons .
Hit the Highway is the third studio album by The Proclaimers , released in 1994 .
Chemistry Lock is the debut album by English electronic musician Kevin Gorman .
`` Knee Deep '' is a song recorded by American country music group Zac Brown Band with Jimmy Buffett .
`` 24 's '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I. , released April 15 , 2003 as the lead single from his second studio album Trap Muzik ( 2003 ) .
`` Time Will Crawl '' is the second track on David Bowie 's album Never Let Me Down and was issued as the second single from the album .
Thug in Thug Out is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Young Noble and Hussein Fatal from hip - hop group Outlawz , released September 11 , 2007 on High Powered / Koch Records .
`` I Still ... '' is a song from the Backstreet Boys ' fifth studio album , Never Gone .
Niuva 20 is an EP released in 2005 by the band Turmion Kätilöt .
Grind Bastard is the fifth album by the death metal band Benediction and the last to feature Dave Ingram on vocals .
F Album is the sixth studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids .
For Bitter or Worse is the sixth studio album from the Dutch singer Anouk .
`` Suki da Nante Ienai '' ( 好きだなんて言えない , `` I Ca n't Say I Love You '' ) is Fayray 's 14th single and last on avex trax .
`` Through the Rain '' is a song by American singer Mariah Carey , taken from her ninth studio album , Charmbracelet ( 2002 ) .
`` Tokyo ( Vampires & Wolves ) '' is a song by Liverpudlian indie band , The Wombats .
Sundark and Riverlight stylised `` Sun ☽ ark and Riverlight '' is a double album released by English - Irish singer - songwriter Patrick Wolf on 15 October 2012 .
`` Do n't Trust Me '' ( commonly referred to as `` Do n't Trust a Ho '' or `` The Helen Keller Song '' ) is the second single by the band 3OH!3 and the third track from their second album Want .
Moment Bends is the fourth studio album by Australian indie pop band Architecture in Helsinki .
`` Pronto a correre '' ( English : Ready to run ) is a song recorded by Italian singer Marco Mengoni for his album # prontoacorrere .
`` Stairway to Heaven '' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , released in late 1971 .
`` Kiss One More Time '' is a song by Tomoko Kawase , released as her second single under Tommy February6 , on November 21 , 2001 .
Where Are You Now , My Son ? is an album by Joan Baez , released in early 1973 .
`` Brother Sport '' is the third single from Animal Collective 's 2009 album Merriweather Post Pavilion , released on November 9 , 2009 by Domino Records .
Stumfilm ( Silent Movie ) is an EP by bob hund , released in 2010 .
Any Way You Like It is the fourth album by Thelma Houston , released late October 1976 on Tamla Records .
Still Loving It is an English language song performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade .
Rubbing Does n't Help is the third album by Magnapop , released in 1996 .
A Bing Bang Holidang is a charity holiday music album by Bleu .
Cowboy in Sweden is a 1970 album by musician Lee Hazlewood .
Schwarz Weiss is a 2005 album by Austrian pop / rock singer Christina Stürmer .
The Delirium Has Just Began ... is the second studio album by the Brazilian folk metal band Tuatha de Danann , released in 2002 .
It Looks Like Snow is the third album by singer -- songwriter Phoebe Snow , released in 1976 .
`` Hundido En Un Rincón '' ( English : Depressed in a corner ) is the second radio single and the third track off of Maná 's fourth studio album , Cuando los Ángeles Lloran in 1995 .
`` Moonlight Swim '' was a hit song written by Ben Weisman and Sylvia Dee , and recorded by Nick Noble for Mercury Records .
`` Got That Good ( My Bubble Gum ) '' is a song by rapper Rasheeda released as the second single from her third album GA Peach and the first single from her fourth album Dat Type of Gurl .
Rise or Die Trying is the second full - length album from American rock band Four Year Strong .
`` Boughetto '' is a 2002 rap single from the album Heavy Starch by Ali featuring Murphy Lee about being boughetto .
The Outer View is an album by George Russell originally released on Riverside in 1962 .
Y'a ben du changement ( There 's a Lot of Change ) is a 1978 album by La Bottine Souriante .
Esoteric Circle is the debut album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek , originally released under the band name `` The Esoteric Circle '' on Bob Thiele 's Flying Dutchman label but re - issued under his name on the Freedom imprint , performed by Garbarek with Terje Rypdal , Arild Andersen and Jon Christensen .
Bonamana ( Hangul : 미인아 ; RR : Miina ; literally : Beauty ) is the fourth studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior .
The Homeland is an album by Chicago - based rocker Bobby Conn and his backing band , the Glass Gypsies released on January 20 , 2004 on Thrill Jockey records .
`` Sunshine on My Shoulders '' ( sometimes titled simply `` Sunshine '' ) is a song recorded and co - written by American singer - songwriter John Denver .
Kaleidoscalp is the fifteenth studio album by avant - garde guitarist Buckethead .
The Art in Heaven Concert ( full title Mike Oldfield The Art in Heaven Concert Live in Berlin ) is a Mike Oldfield concert video taken from 2000 New Year 's night ( 31 December 1999 ) concert at the Victory Column in Berlin , Germany , which is currently available on both CD and DVD .
Stay Sick ! is the fourth studio album ( and ninth album overall ) by the American garage punk band The Cramps .
Das nächste Album aller Zeiten ( German for `` The next album of all time '' ) is an album by German Heavy Metal band Knorkator , released in February 2007 .
From Playground ' til Now was the debut release of Some Velvet Sidewalk .
Massive Conspiracy Against All Life is the third full - length album by San Francisco - based one - man black metal band Leviathan .
The Essence Part One is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in Paris in 1994 and New York in 1995 and released on the Birdology label .
`` Dove si vola '' ( meaning `` Where we fly '' in Italian ) is the debut single by Marco Mengoni , an Italian singer who won the third season of Italian series of The X Factor in 2009 .
`` Żałuję '' ( English : I regret ) is a first solo single from Polish singer Ewelina Flinta .
Another Game is the fifth studio album by P - Model and the last to feature the rhythm section of Sadatoshi Tainaka and Tatsuya Kikuchi .
Between Birth and Death is the second full - length studio album by alternative metal band Sunk Loto .
Learning to Be Silent is the third album by composer C.W. Vrtacek , released in 1986 through Cordelia Records .
`` C Moon '' is a pop song with a reggae beat , written by Paul and Linda McCartney and performed by Wings .
Dead Forever ... is the debut album for Australian proto - Heavy Metal band Buffalo , recorded and originally released in 1972 .
`` They Killed Him '' is a song written by Kris Kristofferson for his 1985 album Repossessed .
Na Beregu Neba ( Russian : На Берегу Неба ) is an album by Dima Bilan released in July 2004 .
`` I Honestly Love You '' ( first released in Australia as `` I Love You , I Honestly Love You '' , per its chorus ) was a worldwide pop hit single for Olivia Newton - John in 1974 .
`` Liquid Confidence '' ( written `` Liquid Confidence ( Nothing to Lose ) '' on the album ) is the third single by British rock band You Me at Six , taken from their second studio album , Hold Me Down .
Allegorical Misunderstanding is a 1993 album by the band Fushitsusha .
Kreshchenie ognyom ( Russian : Крещение огнём ; lit . Baptism by Fire ) is Aria 's 9th studio album , the first which does not feature long - time vocalist and co - founder of the band - Valery Kipelov .
`` The New Workout Plan '' is the final single from Kanye West 's debut album , The College Dropout .
What It Is to Burn is the debut album by American post - hardcore band Finch .
Expedition to the Hairier Peaks ( also written as Expedition to THR Hairier Peaks ) is the fourth album by the noise rock band Mindflayer .
`` Money Do n't Matter 2 Night '' is a song by Prince and The New Power Generation from their 1991 album , Diamonds and Pearls .
The Pentateuch of the Cosmogony is a concept album and multimedia project by Patrick Woodroffe and Dave Greenslade , released in 1979 .
`` I Kiss Your Lips '' is a song recorded by the German electronic dance music group Tokyo Ghetto Pussy .
`` Has It Come to This ? '' is a song by UK rapper The Streets .
`` Sweet Little Baby Boy '' is a Christmas song written by James Brown and Nat Jones .
Otro Día Más Sin Verte ( English : Just Another Day ) , also called Sentir in Spain , is the Spanish - language debut album by Cuban singer Jon Secada .
`` Repeated Offender '' is the third single from the British indie rock band The Rifles , from their debut record No Love Lost .
Deodato 2 is a 1973 album of Brazilian keyboardist Eumir Deodato It features noted session guitarist John Tropea on 4 tracks and virtuoso bassist Stanley Clarke on one song , `` Skyscrapers '' .
Hi Voltage is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on October 9 , 1967 and released on the Blue Note label .
`` Watch This '' is a song written by Ron Harbin , Aaron Barker and Anthony L. Smith , recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker .
`` Most Likely You Go Your Way and I 'll Go Mine '' is the first track of the second disc of the 1966 album Blonde on Blonde , the seventh album from singer - songwriter Bob Dylan .
`` The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest '' is a song on Bob Dylan 's 1967 album John Wesley Harding .
Silver Side Up is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback ; it was released on September 11 , 2001 .
`` Get Back '' is a song recorded by the Beatles and written by Paul McCartney ( though credited to Lennon - McCartney ) , originally released as a single on 11 April 1969 and credited to `` The Beatles with Billy Preston . ''
`` Princess of the Night '' is a single by British heavy metal band Saxon , featured as the opening track and single from their 1981 album Denim and Leather ; the song was written as a group production of all five members of the band at the time :
O.G. Original Gangster has been seen as Ice T 's best record , and has over the years has been seen as a west coast classic .
Koi no Jubaku ( 恋の呪縛 ) ( Love 's Spell ) is the fifth single by Berryz Kobo .
`` A to the B '' is a single by Danish dance / house duo Infernal from the album From Paris to Berlin .
Vapor Trails is the seventeenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush , produced by Paul Northfield and released in May 2002 .
My Own Best Enemy is the seventh studio album by soft rock singer / songwriter Richard Marx .
Welcome to the Morbid Reich is the ninth studio album by the Polish death metal band Vader .
Where My Heart Is is the second studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap .
Bluesin ' Around is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1961 and 1962 and first released on the Columbia label in 1983 .
`` Better on the Other Side '' is a tribute song from American recording artists Game , Chris Brown , Diddy , DJ Khalil , Polow da Don , Mario Winans , Usher and Boyz II Men dedicated to Michael Jackson .
`` Boom Boom ( Let 's Go Back to My Room ) '' is the debut single by American singer and model Paul Lekakis .
Maximum Jee&Jee is Eppu Normaali 's second album , released on 17 April 1979 .
`` Everything Is Average Nowadays '' is a song by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs and is the ninth track on their second album , Yours Truly , Angry Mob .
Psychoschizophrenia is the fourth studio album by the American glam metal band Lillian Axe , released in 1993 .
Between the Eyes is the debut album of Seattle - based rock band Love Battery .
`` Stupid Shit '' is the second single by the American pop group Girlicious 's debut album Girlicious .
`` Tears of the Dragon '' is the first single from Bruce Dickinson 's second solo album , Balls to Picasso , released on 28 May 1994 .
`` Alice 's Restaurant Massacree '' is a record by singer - songwriter Arlo Guthrie , released on his 1967 debut album Alice 's Restaurant .
Ambleside Days is an album by jazz pianist John Taylor and John Surman , recorded and released in 1992 on Ah Um Records .
Right for the Time is an album by Waylon Jennings , released on Justice Records , an independent label , in 1996 .
Have n't We Met ? is an album by the Canadian jazz singer and voice actress Emilie - Claire Barlow .
`` I Ca n't Win for Losin ' You ' is a song written by Robert Byrne and Rick Bowles and recorded by Earl Thomas Conley .
`` We Laughed '' is a three track single by English musician Billy Bragg as part of the Rosetta Life project .
`` Lazy Days '' is a song recorded by English singer - songwriter Robbie Williams .
2nd Anniversary is a studio album recorded by American R&B group Gladys Knight & the Pips , released in October 1975 on the Buddah label .
Four Altos is an album by saxophonists Phil Woods Gene Quill , Sahib Shihab and Hal Stein recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label .
`` United / Zyklon B Zombie '' is the debut single by industrial band Throbbing Gristle .
`` How Can You Expect to Be Taken Seriously ? '' is the third single from Pet Shop Boys ' album Behaviour .
Maapallo is the second solo studio album by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana .
Eleven Questions ( 2007 ) is international collaboration of Robert Rich and Markus Reuter which was conceived , composed and recorded in person in one intense week at Rich 's Soundscape studio in California .
Ripp rapp is the fourth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell and was released on September 4 , 1979 , through Parlophone .
Aerocalexico is a 2001 Calexico album that was only available on their 2001 tour or on their website .
`` Where Were You ( When the World Stopped Turning ) '' is a song written by the American singer - songwriter Alan Jackson .
`` Stuck in My Throat '' is the fourth single by Surrey - based rock band Reuben , and the first to be taken from the album Racecar Is Racecar Backwards .
`` I Wish I Was Queer So I Could Get Chicks '' is the fourth single from The Bloodhound Gang 's 1996 ( re - released in 1998 ) album One Fierce Beer Coaster .
Yo No Canto , Pero Lo Intentamos is the second studio album by Mexican recording artist Espinoza Paz .
`` The Streak '' is a popular country / novelty song written , produced , and sung by Ray Stevens .
The Thousandfold Epicentre is the second and final full - length studio album by Dutch occult - themed rock group The Devil 's Blood .
`` La débâcle des sentiments '' is a 2007 song recorded by French singer and composer Stanislas , as a duet with Calogero .
`` The Anatomy of a School Shooting '' is a song by American rapper Ill Bill , which was released on April 16 , 2004 .
`` Find the Real '' is a song recorded and performed by hard rock band Alter Bridge .
The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack , often referred to as simply The Heroin Diaries , is the debut studio album by Sixx : A.M. , a side project of Mötley Crüe bassist Nikki Sixx .
Choice of Weapon is the ninth album by the British rock band The Cult .
Screamin ' ' n ' Bleedin ' is the second album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch .
`` Ich bin die Sehnsucht in dir '' ( I am the longing in you ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
`` Whatever U Like '' is a song by American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger , featuring rapper T.I ..
Ego War is the debut album of British electronic duo Audio Bullys , released in 2003 .
Dreams of Breathing Underwater is a 2008 album by folk singer and violin player Eliza Carthy .
F'Real is the first album by hip hop artist Murs .
Ying Yang Forever is the sixth studio album by Atlanta - based rap duo Ying Yang Twins .
`` Make It Rain '' is the first single released from Fat Joe 's seventh album Me , Myself & I. It features Lil Wayne , who only sings the chorus ( but contributes a verse on the remix ) , and was produced by Scott Storch .
Time Is is the final studio album recorded by The Idle Race .
`` In Another Lifetime '' is a song written by Chris Hillman and Steve Hill , and recorded by American country rock band The Desert Rose Band .
Rain Is Fallin'/Hybrid Dream is the 26th single by Japanese pop group W - inds .
Funk All Y'all is the debut album by American electro band Detroit Grand Pubahs , released in August 2001 by record label Intuit - Solar and featuring the successful single `` Sandwiches '' .
In Thought is the debut album by the Australian progressive metal band Vanishing Point .
Megaritual is a record by Omar Rodríguez - López released by Willie Anderson Recordings .
`` A la Primera Persona '' ( English : To the First Person ) is a love song recorded by the Spanish singer - songwriter Alejandro Sanz .
Palomine was the first album by the Dutch indie band Bettie Serveert .
Mothball Mint is a solo CD by Kevin Hearn , keyboardist of Barenaked Ladies .
Cold Roses is the sixth studio album by alt - country singer - songwriter Ryan Adams , released on May 3 , 2005 on Lost Highway .
Key to My Life is the third single from Irish Boyband Boyzone .
The Bass - ic Collection is a Stanley Clarke album released in 1997 .
Dlya millionov ( Russian : Для миллионов , meaning ' For Millions ' ) is the eighth studio album by the Russian ska punk band , Leningrad .
Poem , ballader och lite blues ( English : Poems , ballads and a little blues ) is the sixth studio album by the Swedish - Dutch folk singer - songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk .
The Dead Word is the fourth full - length studio album by the progressive metal band Deadsoul Tribe , released on November 11 , 2005 by InsideOut Music .
K-9 Bass is the third and final album released by rap group , The Dogs .
Tales of Another is an album by American bassist Gary Peacock featuring Keith Jarrett and Jack DeJohnette recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label .
The Island of Real is the ninth and final studio album by rock band The Rascals , released in 1972 .
`` A Light That Never Comes '' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Linkin Park , and is their first collaboration with American musician Steve Aoki .
Out of Business is the sixth album from Hip Hop duo EPMD , which changed its initialism for the release from Erick & Parrish Making Dollars to Erick & Parrish Millennium Ducats .
`` Do n't Give In to Him '' is a song written by Gary Usher , produced by Dick Glasser and recorded by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap for their 1969 album , The New Gary Puckett and the Union Gap Album .
Reunion Hill is a 1997 album by singer - songwriter Richard Shindell .
`` Where Ever U Are '' is a house - dance song by international DJ & record producer Cedric Gervais .
`` It 's a Short Walk from Heaven to Hell '' is a song written by Ken Bell , Terry Skinner and J. L. Wallace , and recorded by American country music artist and actor John Schneider .
The Evil Empire of Everything is the twelfth studio album by hip hop group Public Enemy , released on October 1 , 2012 .
`` Awnaw '' ( featuring Jazze Pha ) is the first single by the Kentucky rap group Nappy Roots , produced by James `` Groove '' Chambers .
Lion & Pelican is the tenth studio album recorded and produced by a Japanese singer - songwriter Yōsui Inoue , released in December 1982 .
Love Death Immortality is the second album from American electronic music trio The Glitch Mob .
Tu Veneno is the second album by Uruguayan singer and actress Natalia Oreiro .
A War You Can not Win is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band All That Remains .
L.A.M.F. is the only studio album by the American band The Heartbreakers , which included Johnny Thunders , Jerry Nolan , Walter Lure and Billy Rath .
Un Peu de l'Âme des Bandits ( English : A Little of the Bandit Spirit ) is the second album by Belgian avant - rock band Aksak Maboul .
Dreaming Now ! is the fifty - sixth single by Japanese artist Kumi Koda and was released on November 13 , 2013 .
To Strangers and Friends is the title of the fourth solo album by the British singer - songwriter John Pantry .
`` We Should Be Sleeping '' is a song by American rock singer Eddie Money , released as the fourth single from his album Ca n't Hold Back in 1986 .
`` Dy - Na - Mi - Tee '' is Ms. Dynamite 's second single from her first album , A Little Deeper .
40 år i folkparkens tjänst is a 2013 Wizex compilation album , consisting of rerecordings .
`` I Love Livin ' in the City '' is the first single by the punk rock band Fear .
`` Nos Differences '' ( English : `` Our Differences '' ) is a song by British - Norwegian boy band A1 , released as the third single from their third studio album , Make It Good ( 2002 ) .
`` Garaj Baras '' ( Urdu : گرج برس , literal English translation : `` thunder and rain '' ) is the seventh track on the 2003 album Dewaar by the sufi rock band Junoon .
Kuschel Song ( or Snuggle Song ) is the first hit single released by Schnuffel .
Lullabies to Paralyze is the fourth studio album by Queens of the Stone Age , released on March 21 , 2005 .
Ghost of a Dog is the second album by American alternative rock band Edie Brickell & New Bohemians , released in 1990 ( see 1990 in music ) .
`` Hillbilly Shoes '' is a song recorded by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry .
Ordinary Alien - The Kinky Roland Files is an album by Boy George , featuring a collection of dance recordings made between 2001 and 2009 .
Room for Squares is the debut studio album by American musician John Mayer .
Heaven Forbid is the thirteenth studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult , released in 1998 .
Revolution Revolución is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Ill Niño .
The Sacred Talisman is the third album by Swedish power metal band Nocturnal Rites , their second on Century Media .
`` The Sailor Song '' ( accompanied with the slogan `` Guaranteed To Make You Feel Good ! '' ) is a song by Danish pop duo Toy - Box .
The Secret Migration is the sixth album by the alternative rock band Mercury Rev , released on January 24 , 2005 in the UK ( and a day later in the US ) .
`` I Think I 'm Paranoid '' is an alternative rock song written , performed and produced by Garbage and was the second single released from their second album Version 2.0 .
`` Visit to Vienna '' is a song recorded by Sahara Hotnights on their 2007 studio album What If Leaving Is a Loving Thing ( 2007 ) .
Dinosaur Sounds is a 2003 Catch 22 album and shows the band finally emerging from the shadow of former frontman Tomas Kalnoky .
Svijet glamura ( English : The World of Glamour ) is the seventh studio album by the Croatian punk rock band Hladno pivo .
`` All Mine '' is the second track and first single from English band Portishead 's self - titled second album .
Twassa Feyi is the debut album of Lebanese artist Yara and was produced and composed by the man who introduced her into the music industry Tarek Abou Jaoudeh in 2005 .
Group Portrait is a compilation album by the American band Chicago , released in 1991 by Columbia Records and Legacy Recordings originally , later reissued on the band 's Chicago Records label .
Loud ' n ' Raw is the fourth live album by the Japanese band Loudness .
`` A Bus for a Bus on the Bus '' is the only 7 `` single by Cardiac Arrest , who later became Cardiacs .
`` Mest ondt '' is a Danish language hit song by Burhan G , a Danish pop singer , songwriter and producer of Kurdish origin , featuring Danish - Chilean singer Medina .
`` The Sound ( John M. Perkins ' Blues ) '' is a song written and recorded by Jon Foreman and Tim Foreman for the alternative rock band Switchfoot .
Bo - Day - Shus ! ! ! is the fourth album by the rock / psychobilly musical artists Mojo Nixon and Skid Roper , released in 1987 .
Easy 2 Hate is a full - length 2-disc album released by Haystak on November 30 , 2010 .
Twelve Reasons to Die is the tenth studio album by Wu - Tang Clan member , rapper Ghostface Killah .
The Mystery of Heaven is the second collaborative album by Jozef van Wissem & Jim Jarmusch .
`` Goodbye Stranger '' is a song by the English rock band Supertramp , which first appeared on their sixth studio album , Breakfast in America ( 1979 ) .
Ces Gens - Là ( English : Those people ) is the eighth studio album by Jacques Brel .
`` You Made Me Believe in Magic '' is the title of a 1977 international hit single by the Bay City Rollers taken from their album It 's a Game .
Homem Primata is the sixth single by Titãs , released in 1987 .
Built from Scratch is the second studio album by New York City DJ group The X - Ecutioners .
`` Do n't Do Me Like That '' is a song written by Tom Petty and recorded by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .
`` Rock & Roll Queen '' is a single from the British indie rock band The Subways , from their debut record Young for Eternity .
`` Do I Make You Proud '' is a soul - pop song written for American Idol season five winner Taylor Hicks by Tracy Ackerman , Andy Watkins and Paul Wilson of the Absolute production team , and co - produced by Dave Way .
The Blackening is the sixth album by American heavy metal band Machine Head .
Atlanta 's Burning Down is the third studio album by Dickey Betts of The Allman Brothers Band .
`` A Million Ways to Run '' is a song written and recorded by Canadian country artist Terri Clark .
Never Gon na Be Another One is Thelma Houston 's eleventh studio album , released in 1981 .
`` Girl and the Sea '' is the second EP by Australian electronic dance music duo The Presets .
Seu Espião ( English : Your spy ) is the debut album by Brazilian pop band Kid Abelha , released in 1984 by WEA Records .
Hostile Environment is the third solo album of rapper / emcee Rasco .
FM 99.00 Dub Manifest is a studio album from Basque artist Fermin Muguruza .
Destiny of Love is the second special album by South Korean pianist Yiruma .
Vodou Adjae is the first album of the Haitian music group Boukman Eksperyans .
Living in Oz is an album released by rock musician Rick Springfield in 1983 .
`` Heavenly Action '' is a song by the British synthpop duo Erasure , released in November 1985 as their second single .
Too Cool to Care is the second and final studio album by rap duo New Boyz .
Rugged Road is the fifth studio album from reggae band The Aggrolites released in 2011 .
`` A Thing About You '' , written by Per Gessle , is the only single from Swedish pop duo Roxette 's 2002 compilation album The Ballad Hits .
Lost Planets & Phantom Voices is 4th album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 2003 .
`` Walk Away / Jailbreak '' is a split 7 `` single by the Burden Brothers and the Supersuckers .
God of the Serengeti is the second full - length studio album by Jedi Mind Tricks frontman / Army of the Pharaohs leader Vinnie Paz .
Today We Are All Demons is an album by the American aggrotech band Combichrist .
Live in Detroit , MI is a live album ( 2-CD set ) by the band King Crimson , released by the Discipline Global Mobile through the King Crimson Collectors ' Club in October 2001 .
`` Bring the Noise '' is a song by the American hip hop group Public Enemy .
`` Teddy 's Jam '' is a song by American R&B group Guy , recorded for their debut studio album Guy ( 1988 ) .
Reach of Love is the eleventh studio album , from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band , released in 1993 .
I Told You I Was Freaky is the second studio album by New Zealand folk parody duo Flight of the Conchords .
Make Another World is the fifth full - length studio album by the Scottish rock band Idlewild , released on 5 March 2007 through Sequel Records .
This One 's from the Heart is a collection of songs which James Darren sang on Star Trek :
`` Who Am I ( Sim Simma ) '' , or simply `` Who Am I '' , is a reggae single released by dancehall artist Beenie Man in 1998 .
`` Can You Hear Me ? ( Ayayaya ) '' is a single from British grime artist Wiley , featuring vocals from Skepta , Jme and Ms D. It was released as the second single from his eighth studio album The Ascent on 28 October 2012 for digital download in the United Kingdom .
Life of a Ghost is an album released by Danish band Blue Foundation in Scandinavia in 2007 and in USA in 2009 .
`` Pégate '' ( English : `` Get Closer '' ) is the second single from Ricky Martin 's first live album , MTV Unplugged ( 2006 ) .
`` Hold You Down '' was also included on Fat Joe 's album All or Nothing ( 2005 ) .
Infernal Machines is the debut studio album by Darcy James Argue 's big band Secret Society .
`` If I Talk to Him '' is a song written by Dolores Edgin and Priscilla Mitchell , and released as a single by American country artist Connie Smith .
`` The Onion Song '' was a hit for soul singers Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell in 1969 .
Wappinschaw is the 1995 album from Cindytalk released by Touched Recordings .
Dancer and the Moon is the ninth studio album by the group Blackmore 's Night , released on June 11 , 2013 .
Baby Makin ' Music is the 30th studio album released by The Isley Brothers on the Def Soul Classics imprint on May 9 , 2006 .
The Apocalypse Manifesto is the third album by the Belgian black metal group Enthroned , released in 1999 .
Further Explorations by the Horace Silver Quintet is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1958 featuring performances by Silver with Art Farmer , Clifford Jordan , Teddy Kotick , and Louis Hayes .
Our Bright Future is Tracy Chapman 's eighth studio album and was released on November 11 , 2008 .
Give Me All You Got is the fifth full - length solo album released by singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist , Carrie Rodriguez , on January 22 , 2013 .
`` Heaven Knows I 'm Miserable Now '' is a single by British alternative rock band The Smiths that reached number ten on the UK Singles Chart in June 1984 before its inclusion on the compilation album , Hatful of Hollow .
「 ネガとポジ」(Nega to Poji ) is the fourteen album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree .
Smoke and Strong Whiskey is an album by Irish folk singer Christy Moore , released in 1991 .
`` Enamorado Por Primera Vez '' ( Eng . : In Love for the First Time ) is the title of the first single released by Enrique Iglesias from his second album , Vivir .
Looking On is the third album by The Move , released in the UK in December 1970 .
A me piace così is the first solo studio album from Emma Marrone published on October 19 , 2010 from label Universal Music .
Black Metal Warfare is the fifth full length and at the same time the first live album by the black metal band Horna .
`` Have a Cuppa Tea '' is a song written by Ray Davies and performed by The Kinks on their 1971 album Muswell Hillbillies .
`` Think It All Over '' is the twenty - second single by the English singer Sandie Shaw .
`` Amaze Me '' is a song performed by all - female German pop group No Angels .
Buffet Hotel is the twenty sixth studio album by American singer - songwriter Jimmy Buffett , released on December 8 , 2009 .
Simpukka - amppeli ( 1998 ) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste .
`` Custard Pie '' is the opening track on the English rock band Led Zeppelin 's sixth album , Physical Graffiti , released in 1975 .
`` For a Good Time '' is a song by Australian rock duo Divinyls , released in late 1996 as the final single from their fifth studio album Underworld .
`` Someday , Someday '' is the third single released from Thirsty Merc 's debut album Thirsty Merc .
Powerful People is the title of both the second studio album of Italian - Canadian singer Gino Vannelli , and the sixth track on this album .
School Girl Bye Bye is the first album to be released by the indie band Number Girl .
Angles of Repose is an album by American composer , saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label .
Drawn Inward is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker 's Electro - Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM label .
Goodbye Bread is the fourth album by San Francisco garage rock singer - songwriter Ty Segall .
Is There Nothing We Could Do ? is the sixth studio album by Badly Drawn Boy , released in 2009 .
Try a Little Kindness is the sixteenth album by American singer / guitarist Glen Campbell , released in 1970 .
Sketch of Supposed Murderer is the fourth album recorded by Morgul .
Soul 2 is the eighth studio album by British soul / R&B singer Seal .
The Band That Would Be King is the seventh album released by the Maryland rock group Half Japanese .
Several Arrows Later is the sixth album from Matt Pond PA , released in 2005 .
See Me Not is the second album from German post - rock trio Saroos .
`` Mr. Sandman '' ( sometimes rendered as `` Mister Sandman '' ) is a popular song written by Pat Ballard which was published in 1954 and first recorded in May of that year by Vaughn Monroe & His Orchestra and later that same year by The Chordettes .
With My Song is a 1980 album by Debby Boone and her second studio album of that year .
`` Teacher I Need You '' is a song written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin that was first released on John 's 1973 album Do n't Shoot Me I 'm Only the Piano Player .
Getting Closer ! is an album by guitarist Phil Keaggy , released in 1985 , on Nissi Records .
Between Force and Fate is the second album by Velcra released in 2005 .
`` Angels Brought Me Here '' ( aka `` Faith Has Brought Me Here '' ) is a pop song performed by Australian singer Guy Sebastian .
What I Was Made For is the fourth studio album by CCM , Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave .
Geneticide is the first album by the aggrotech band Tactical Sekt .
`` Sweetest Thing '' is a song by Irish group U2 .
Our Time Has Come is an album by Denise Ho , initially released on May 19 , 2006 , and later re - released on July 19 , 2006 .
`` Amish Paradise '' is a 1996 single by parodist `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
Press On is the Grammy Award - winning second album by singer June Carter Cash .
`` Hey Man Nice Shot '' is a 1995 single by the industrial rock band Filter .
`` Why Wo n't You Give Me Your Love ? '' was the first single to be released from The Zutons ' second album Tired of Hanging Around .
El Lado Oscuro ( en : `` The Dark Side '' ) is the second studio album by power metal band DarkSun , released in 2004 .
Jazz a Confronto 19 is a solo album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Rome , Italy , on April 1 , 1972 , and released on the Horo label as part of the `` Jazz a Confronto '' series .
Paris 1945 is a swing album featuring guitarist Django Reinhardt along with five members of Glenn Miller 's Army Air Force big band .
`` Dark & Long '' is a single by Underworld , originally released in 1994 in the United Kingdom .
Gangstabilly is the 1998 debut album of Athens via Alabama rock group Drive - By Truckers .
Scarlet 's Walk is the seventh album released in singer - songwriter Tori Amos ' solo career .
My Desired Happiness ( Chinese : 我要的幸福 ; pinyin : Wǒ Yào De Xìngfú ) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun 's ( Chinese : 孫燕姿 ; pinyin : Sūn Yànzī ) second Mandarin studio album .
`` It 's Alright to Be a Redneck '' is a song written by Bill Kenner and Pat McLaughlin , and performed by American singer Alan Jackson .
Comme si de rien n'était ( English : As If Nothing Had Happened ) is the third album of Italian - French singer and previous French first lady Carla Bruni .
`` Nothing in This World '' was released on August 28 , 2006 and is the second official single taken from Paris Hilton 's debut album Paris , and features vocals from then - unknown pop singer Kesha .
`` Un geste d'amour '' is the first single from Anggun 's second French studio album , Désirs contraires .
The Life Burns Tour DVD is a release by Apocalyptica .
`` I 'm Flexin ' '' is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I. , featuring vocals and production from fellow Southern rapper Big K.R.I.T ..
Ödemarkens son ( `` Son of the Wilderness '' ) is the second full - length album by Swedish progressive / folk metal band Vintersorg .
Scratches of Spain is an album by the English guitarist and bandleader Billy Jenkins , featuring the Voice of God Collective .
Dick 's Picks Volume 22 is a two - CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead , the 22nd installment of the live archival release series .
`` I 'm a Flirt '' is a song by Bow Wow featuring R. Kelly .
`` The Bug '' is a song written by Mark Knopfler and originally performed by Dire Straits on the final studio album by the band , On Every Street ( 1991 ) .
Odditorium or Warlords of Mars is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols .
The Time Is Right is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Donaldson with Blue Mitchell , Horace Parlan , Laymon Jackson , Dave Bailey , and Ray Barretto with Sam Jones and Al Harewood replacing Jackson and Bailey on one track .
`` The Light You Burned '' is the third single released by Hilltop Hoods from their 2009 album , State of the Art . It was released as a CD single and as a digital download .
Second Avenue Detour is the sixth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2000 .
`` Ca n't Deny It '' is the debut single by American rapper Fabolous from his debut studio album Ghetto Fabolous .
Love Between the Lines is the title of the seventh solo album by the Christian singer - songwriter Paul Field .
Concerning the Entrance into Eternity is the first collaborative album by Jozef van Wissem and Jim Jarmusch .
Race to Red is an album released by alternative rock band Darling Thieves ( formally known as I Hate Kate ) .
`` Any Old Time ( You 're Lonely and Sad ) '' was the third single for The Foundations .
`` Do n't Play No Game That I Ca n't Win '' is a song by American hip hop group the Beastie Boys , from their eighth studio album Hot Sauce Committee Part Two .
`` Got My Mojo Working '' is a blues song written by Preston Foster and first recorded by Ann Cole in 1956 .
`` Let 's Give Adam and Eve Another Chance '' is a song written by Red West and Richard Mainegra and was recorded by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap for their 1970 album , Gary Puckett & The Union Gap 's Greatest Hits .
Space Avenue is the seventh studio album by the Finnish avant - garde progressive metal band Waltari .
`` Our Velocity '' is the first single from Our Earthly Pleasures , the second album from the band , Maxïmo Park .
Fanfare for the Warriors is a 1973 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released on the Atlantic label .
`` Pearl 's Girl '' is the title of several 1996 single releases and a song by Underworld , from their album Second Toughest in the Infants ; where the song is titled `` Pearls Girl '' .
`` Song 4 Mutya ( Out of Control ) '' is a song produced by British music duo Groove Armada , featuring vocals by recording artist Mutya Buena .
Hamburger Concerto is the fourth studio album by the Dutch progressive rock band Focus .
Thug Thisle is a studio album by rapper Killa Tay in 2000 .
`` I Still Believe in Love '' is a single by American country music artist Jan Howard .
`` Little Martha '' was the only Allman Brothers Band track written solely by group leader and partial namesake Duane Allman .
Love Gone is the 12th single of the Japanese singer Miho Komatsu .
Haatland is the fourth album by Dutch thrash metal band Dead Head , released in 2005 .
The Spirit Room is the major - label debut album by singer - songwriter Michelle Branch , released by Maverick Recording Company in the United States on August 14 , 2001 .
`` Champagne Lemonade '' is a single by English singer - songwriter Ed Drewett .
Delta Hardware is the twenty fourth studio album by blues harp player and vocalist Charlie Musselwhite .
No Bull is a live video released by AC / DC in November 1996 , filmed on Super 16 mm at Madrid 's Plaza de Toros de Las Ventas on 10 July 1996 during the Ballbreaker world tour .
`` Ca n't Stop the Disco '' ( capitalized as `` ca n't stop the DISCO '' ) is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki for her seventh studio album , Supreme Show ( 2008 ) .
`` Hard Row '' is a single by American blues - rock duo The Black Keys from their second album Thickfreakness .
`` Falling to Pieces '' is the third single on Faith No More 's first studio album with Mike Patton on vocals , The Real Thing .
Who 's Landing in My Hangar ? was the only studio album by Human Switchboard .
`` Beamer , Benz , or Bentley '' is the first official single from Lloyd Banks ' third album H.F.M. 2 ( The Hunger for More 2 ) , which was released on November 23 , 2010 .
I Epomeni Kinisi is a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in 1986 by CBS Greece .
Gilberto with Turrentine is an album by Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer Astrud Gilberto and American saxophonist Stanley Turrentine featuring performances recorded in 1971 released on the CTI label .
Tearing Down Your Blue Skies is the third album by the Boston - based metalcore music group Diecast .
In a Special Way is the third studio album by DeBarge , released by Gordy Records on September 24 , 1983 .
Step Up to the Microphone is the seventh studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys , released in 1998 through Star Song Communications .
Kravgi ( Greek : Κραυγή ; English : Scream ) is a studio album released by singer Anna Vissi in November 2000 in Greece and Cyprus by Sony Music Greece .
`` Nettiin '' ( English : Onto the Internet ) is a Finnish - language song by Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen , released from her second studio album Seili by Warner Music on 17 July 2010 .
The Winter Sun Makes Me Melancholy ... ( Ο ήλιος του χειμώνα με μελαγχολεί ... ) was Pyx Lax 's third studio album , released in 1993 on the Harvest label by Minos - EMI .
Beast over Hammersmith is a live album by the British Heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 4 November 2002 .
Un Segundo en el Tiempo ( English : A second in the time ) is the second studio album by Latin Superstar Mexican Cristian Castro , it was released on July 20 , 1993 .
`` Is n't It Midnight '' is a single by Fleetwood Mac , taken from their 1987 album Tango in the Night .
By the Law of Music is an album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp which was recorded in 1996 and released on the Swiss HatART label .
`` Rainy Night in Georgia '' is a song written by Tony Joe White in 1962 and popularized by R&B vocalist Brook Benton in 1970 .
Skying is the third studio album by British band The Horrors .
Breed the Killers is the third full - length album by the American metalcore band Earth Crisis , which was released in 1998 .
Songs from the Back of a Van is a compilation album by Dave House of B - sides , covers , alternate versions and remixes .
Black Coats & Bandages is the second full length album by Irish - Australian band Clann Zú .
Magic Line is the second studio album by New Zealand pop rock band Stellar * , released by Sony BMG on 21 October 2001 in New Zealand .
In the Volume of the Book , released in 1975 , was the second studio album from the contemporary Christian music group , 2nd Chapter of Acts .
Pass Me By is a 1965 studio album by Peggy Lee .
A Postcard from Hell is the second full - length studio album by Israeli punk band Kill the Drive .
Reaching for the Sky is the second album by soul vocalist Peabo Bryson .
Defekt ( German for Defect ) is the third studio album by the German band Oomph!.
`` Dumas Walker '' is a song written and recorded by Southern country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters .
Three years later , `` A World of Our Own '' was recorded by Sonny James ' and it was his sixth number one in a row , and twenty - sixth hit on the U.S. country music chart .
Long Live The Kings is the eleventh studio album released by the Kottonmouth Kings on April 20 , 2010 , and was the first album that featured their newest addition to the group , The Dirtball .
Entering the Arena is the third album by the German industrial / EBM band Die Krupps .
This Time We Mean It is the fifth studio album by REO Speedwagon , released in 1975 .
The Gifted Program is the second full album released by Seattle rock band The Divorce .
`` Let Me Go , Rock ' n ' Roll '' is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss , released in 1974 .
`` You Can Make Me Dance , Sing or Anything ( Even Take the Dog for a Walk , Mend a Fuse , Fold Away the Ironing Board , or Any Other Domestic Shortcomings ) '' was the last official single by British rock group Faces .
The Astronauts Are Sleeping is a double album ( actually released in two separate volumes ) by Her Space Holiday released in 1999 .
Unmixed is the second album by house production duo Freemasons .
`` Lay Down Your Weary Tune '' was covered by The Byrds on their 1965 album Turn !
Intensity ! is the second studio album released by Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters .
`` Never Gon na Leave Your Side '' is the fifth single of Daniel Bedingfield 's first album , Got ta Get thru This .
`` No Podrás '' ( English : `` You Ca n't '' ) is a song written and composed by Alejandro Zepeda and Peter Skrabak , originally recorded by Mexican recording artist Cristian Castro .
Athanata Rebetika ( Greek : Αθάνατα Ρεμπέτικα ; English : Immortal Rebetiko songs ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella .
`` Is Anybody Goin' to San Antone '' is a song written by Glenn Martin and Dave Kirby , and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride .
Magical Musical Tour ( 不思議な旅 ) is a studio album by Japanese duo Pink Lady .
`` Surrender Your Love '' is a 1995 song recorded by the British house music group Nightcrawlers .
`` Una storia che vale '' ( A story that is worth ) is a song by Italian recording artist Laura Pausini , released in February 2002 as the second single from her first compilation album , The Best of Laura Pausini :
Hendrix in the West was a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix , released in January 1972 by Polydor Records , and later in February by Reprise Records .
`` We Have All the Time in the World '' is a James Bond theme and popular song sung by Louis Armstrong .
`` Loving the Sound '' is the first single from five - piece British - Irish doo - wop boy band The Overtones to be released from their second studio album , Higher ( 2012 ) .
`` Oh Lately It 's So Quiet '' is the third single released by the band OK Go , from their second album Oh No . It was released for US radio stations only .
Fizzyology is the first collaboration album from Termanology and M.O.P. member Lil ' Fame .
`` Cry Boy Cry '' is a 1982 single by British band Blue Zoo , from their 1983 album Two By Two .
`` Ups & Downs''/``Bang Out '' is the fourth single of Snoop Dogg 's album R&G ( Rhythm & Gangsta ) The Masterpiece .
`` This Here Giraffe '' is a song by American Psychedelic rock group The Flaming Lips .
Chaos and Disorder is the eighteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince .
`` Never Turn Away '' is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the fourth single from their 1984 album , Junk Culture .
`` Slim Slow Slider '' is the closing track on the 1968 album Astral Weeks by Northern Irish singer - songwriter Van Morrison .
`` Blue Collar Man ( Long Nights ) '' is the first single that Styx released from the Pieces of Eight album .
Tin Can Trust is a 2010 album by the band Los Lobos , and is the band 's first collection of new original material since 2006 .
Twenty Years and Change is the eighth studio album , released in 2005 , by country music artist Collin Raye .
`` Plundered My Soul '' is a song by The Rolling Stones featured as a bonus track on the 2010 re - release of their 1972 album Exile on Main St ..
Yasimika is the first studio album by Djeli Moussa Diawara ( aka Jali Musa Jawara ) , Guinean Kora player ( Korafola ) , released in 1983 .
The Clown Died in Marvin Gardens is the second album from Beacon Street Union , a psychedelic rock group based in Boston , Massachusetts The album was released in 1968 .
In 1957 , when Little Richard recorded it as an uptempo rock and roll song `` Keep A - Knockin ' '' reached number two on the U.S. R&B charts and number eight on the U.S. pop charts .
`` Walls Come Tumbling Down ! '' is a song by the English band The Style Council which was their ninth single to be released .
Planets Conspire is a 2006 album by The Meligrove Band .
A Forlorn Throne is the fourth full - length album by Slechtvalk released in May 2010 .
Down Two Then Left is the eighth album by singer Boz Scaggs , released in 1977 .
`` Shoot Your Best Shot '' is a 1980 dance single by Linda Clifford .
Where It 's At ! is the debut album by organist Charles Kynard recorded in 1963 in California and released on the Pacific Jazz label .
`` I 'm Gon na Scream+ '' is Tomoko Kawase 's fourth single released as Tommy heavenly6 .
To the Light is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan .
`` High by the Beach '' is a song recorded by American singer Lana Del Rey and the first single from her fourth studio album , Honeymoon ( 2015 ) .
John Alton A.S.C. ( October 5 , 1901 -- June 2 , 1996 ) , born Johann Jacob Altmann , in Sopron / Ödenburg , Kingdom of Hungary , Austria - Hungary , was an American cinematographer .
Born in Örebro , in south - central Sweden and the son of a local blacksmith , Olaus Petri learned to read and write at the local Carmelite monastery .
Antonin Rolland ( 18 September 1924 in Sainte - Euphémie , Ain ) was a professional French cyclist from 1946 to 1963 .
Liu Quankun spent his youth career in Dalian Shide and moved to Hong Kong in 2003 when he started to play for Kitchee .
Fritz Grobba was born in Gartz on the Oder in Brandenburg in what was then the German Empire ( Deutsches Kaiserreich ) .
Lin Biao was the son of a prosperous merchant family in Huanggang , Hubei province .
Pierre Duval Le Camus , a French genre and portrait painter , was born at Lisieux in 1790 .
Sofia Kovalevskaya ( née Korvin - Krukovskaya ) , was born in Moscow , the second of three children .
Koen van der Biezen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkun vɐn dɛr ˈbi.zə(n ) ) ) ( born 10 July 1985 in Nuland ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for the German club Arminia Bielefeld .
Born in 1967 in Newport Beach , California , Frances Stark is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles .
Deborah Colker ( born November 28 , 1960 Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian writer , theater director , dancer and choreographer .
Ingvill Måkestad Bovim ( born 7 August 1981 in Odda ) is a Norwegian track and field athlete who specializes in middle distance running .
Annabel Port ( born 12 March 1975 , Southend - on - Sea ) is a Sony Award - winning British radio presenter .
Jana Kapustová ( born 11 August 1983 in Žilina , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovakian ice hockey forward and defender .
Franck Mawuena ( born November 21 , 1992 in Lomé ) is a Togolese football striker playing currently for Beerschot in Belgium .
Pedro Kamata ( born 6 September 1981 in Luanda ) is an Angola born Congolese footballer .
Gypsy Rose Lee was born in Seattle , Washington , on January 8 , 1911 , as Rose Louise Hovick ; she always gave January 9 as her date of birth .
Michael O'Laughlen , Jr. ( 3 June 1840 in Baltimore , Maryland - 23 September 1867 in Dry Tortugas National Park , Florida ) was a conspirator in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln .
Samvel Darbinyan ( Armenian : Սամվել Դարբինյան ) is an Armenian football coach who is currently the manager of Ararat Yerevan .
Roy Kral ( October 10 , 1921 -- August 2 , 2002 ) was an American jazz pianist and vocalist , born in Cicero , Illinois .
Pierre Délèze ( born August 25 , 1958 in Nendaz , Valais ) is a former Swiss middle distance runner who set a national record of 3:31.75 min when he won the 1500 m race at the meeting in Zurich in 1985 , beating the reigning olympic champion Sebastian Coe .
Khin Maung Lwin ( Burmese : ခင်မောင်လွင် ; born 27 December 1988 in Lanmadaw Township ) is a Burmese footballer .
Edward George More O'Ferrall ( 4 July 1907 , Bristol , England -- 18 March 1982 , Spain ) was a British film and television director .
Leon Haslam ( born Leon Lloyd Haslam , 31 May 1983 , in the London Borough of Ealing ) is a motorcycle road racer based in Nottinghamshire , England .
Royd Anderson ( born July 22 , 1972 , New Orleans , Louisiana ) is a Cuban - American filmmaker and historian based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Jaromír Šimr ( known in Netherlands as Jarda Šimr , born 31 January 1979 in Plzeň ) is a Czech footballer .
Vanessa Benelli Mosell ( born 15 November 1987 in Prato ) is an Italian pianist .
Ahmed Ghanem Soltan ( Arabic : أحمد غانم سلطان‎ ) ( born on 8 April 1986 in Giza ) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League side El Gouna .
Joe Cheng , who was previously ( prior to 2005 ) known as Bryan Cheng , grew up in Beitun District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Larry Seidlin ( born May 24 , 1950 in The Bronx , New York ) was a State Court judge for the Circuit Court of the Seventeenth Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida in and for Broward County .
Charles Rivière is a French painter born in 1848 in Orléans and died in Paris in 1920 .
David Moretti is an American actor , born in Cranston , Rhode Island .
Admir Ćatović ( Bosnian pronunciation : ( tɕaːtoʋitɕ ) ; born 5 September 1987 in Gacko , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian - Swedish footballer who last played for Danish 1st Division club FC Fredericia .
As the youngest of 15 children , Dankvart Dreyer was born on 13 June 1816 in Assens on the Danish island of Funen .
Alessandra Fossati ( born 30 September 1963 in Milan ) is a retired Italian high jumper .
Egidio Calloni ( born 1 December 1952 in Busto Arsizio , Province of Varese ) is an Italian former football striker , best known for his stint at AC Milan .
Martin Písařík ( born 1 July 1979 in Prague ) is a Czech film , television and stage actor .
Christopher Reeve was born in New York City on September 25 , 1952 , the son of Franklin D'Olier Reeve , a teacher , novelist , poet , and scholar , and Barbara Pitney Lamb , a journalist .
Shane Martin ( born December 31 , 1971 in Spartanburg ) is a member of the South Carolina Senate where he had represented Spartanburg 's 13th District since 2008 .
Luc Bürgin ( born August 19 , 1970 in Basel ) is a Swiss writer , publicist , and journalist .
Hiroaki Morino Tamei is a Japanese potter from Kyoto born in 1934 .
`` Dizzy '' Dean Davidson is an American singer , guitarist , and drummer from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
André Glucksmann was born in 1937 in Boulogne - Billancourt , the son of Ashkenazi Jewish parents from Austria - Hungary .
Igor Mitoraj ( March 26 , 1944 -- October 6 , 2014 ) was a Polish artist born in Oederan , Germany .
Kitty Crowther ( born Brussels , 4 April 1970 ) is a Belgian illustrator and writer of children 's books .
Aimee Boorman ( born March 27 , 1973 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American artistic gymnastics coach .
Jon Jost ( born 16 May 1943 in Chicago ) is an American independent filmmaker .
Aleksandr Safoshkin ( Russian : Александр Сафошкин ; born 13 March 1976 in Rostov ) is a Russian gymnast .
Hermann Recknagel ( 18 July 1892 , Hofgeismar -- 23 January 1945 ) was a German general during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern ) .
Kaj Chydenius ( born 16 October 1939 in Kuusankoski ) is a Finnish composer probably best known for his left - wing political songs interpreted by various artists .
Ferdinand Hiller was born to a wealthy Jewish family in Frankfurt am Main , where his father Justus ( originally Isaac Hildesheim , a name that he changed late in the 18th century to conceal his Jewish origins ) was a merchant in English textiles -- a business eventually continued by Ferdinand 's brother Joseph .
Augustus D. Juilliard ( April 19 , 1836 -- April 25 , 1919 ) was an American businessman whose philanthropy built the renowned conservatory of dance , music , and theatre in New York City that bears his name , The Juilliard School .
Ian Ormondroyd ( born 22 September 1964 in Bradford , Yorkshire ) is a retired English footballer .
Charles Mantoux ( French : ( mɑ̃tu ) ; May 14 , 1877 , Paris -- 1947 ) was a French physician , the developer of the eponymous serological test for tuberculosis .
Elisabeth Kopp ( born 16 December 1936 , in Zürich ) is a Swiss politician and the first woman elected to the Swiss Federal Council ( 1984 - -1989 ) .
Magnus Lindgren ( born in Västerås 1974 ) is a Swedish jazz musician .
Advaldo de Oliveira Silva or simply Advaldo ( born June 15 , 1986 in Mascote - BA ) , is a Brazilian winger who last played for São José .
Günter Güttler ( born 31 May 1961 in Erlangen ) is a former German football player and manager of the German Bezirksliga Oberbayern - Ost ( VII ) club TSV Ampfing .
Sage Stallone was born in Los Angeles , California , the elder son of Sasha Czack and actor Sylvester Stallone .
Malik Riaz Hai Naveed ( Urdu : ملک ریاض حیی نوید‎ ; born 25 February 1988 in Neuss ) is a German liberal politician and Pakistani sports manager .
Mo Tae - bum was born in Seoul to father Mo Yeong - yeol and mother Jeong Yeon - hwa in 1989 .
Vasil Gigiadze ( Georgian : ვასილ გიგიაძე ; born 3 June 1977 in Kutaisi ) is a retired Georgian footballer who played for Tavriya Simferopol in Ukraine .
Fabian Forte is the son of Josephine and Dominic Forte ; his father was a Philadelphia police officer .
Maurice Dando ( July 1905 in Bristol , England -- 1949 ) was an English footballer .
Shqipran Skeraj ( Serbo - Croat : Šćipran Skeraj ) ( born 24 November 1985 in Prizren ) is a Kosovar footballer who currently plays for ATSV Erlangen in the Bezirksliga Mittelfranken 1 , the seventh tier of football in Germany .
Joseph Salvador ( 1716 - -1786 ) was a British - Jewish businessman of London , perhaps most notable for being the first and only Jew to serve as a director of the British East India Company .
Jan Čulík ( born November 2 , 1952 in Prague ) is an independent Czech journalist and academic .
Hugo Ball was born in Pirmasens , German Empire , and was raised in a middle - class Catholic family .
Duane D. Hackney ( June 5 , 1947 -- September 3 , 1993 ) , of Flint , Michigan , a United States Air Force Pararescueman , was the most decorated enlisted man in USAF history and the recipient of 28 decorations for valor in combat and more than 70 awards and decorations in all .
Vincent Vallières ( born August 8 , 1978 ) is a Canadian singer from Sherbrooke .
Lü Yongdi ( Chinese : 吕永帝 ; born 16 December 1993 , in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Harbin Yiteng .
The Honourable Pauline Vanier , PC , CC , DStJ ( March 28 , 1898 -- March 23 , 1991 ) , born Pauline Archer in Montreal , married Georges Vanier on September 29 , 1921 .
Medea Amiranashvili was born October 10 , 1930 in the village of Shorapani ( now in Imereti , Georgia ) ( according to other sources - in Tbilisi ) in a family of opera singer , USSR People 's Artist and singer Peter Amiranashvili and Nadezhda Tsomaia .
Luis Alberto Bonnet ( born 27 April 1971 in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine - Peruvian football striker .
Chris Lieto ( born February 7 , 1972 in Red Bank , New Jersey ) is a professional triathlete and the winner of the 2006 Ironman Japan , 2005 Ironman Canada , and 2002 Ironman Wisconsin triathlons .
Cornelis van Spaendonck ( 7 December 1756 - 22 December 1839 ) was a Dutch painter who was a native of Tilburg .
Theodor Langhans ( 28 September 1839 -- 22 October 1915 ) was a German pathologist who was a native of Usingen , Duchy of Nassau .
Jacques Savary des Brûlons ( 1657 - -1716 ) was the French Inspector General of the Manufactures for the King at the Paris Customs in the 18th century , and a lexicographer who wrote the Dictionnaire universel de commerce .
Robert Wemyss ( born 1 July 1928 in Scotland ) is an Australian former football ( soccer ) player .
Albert Pick ( born 15 May 1922 , Cologne - 22 November 2015 , Garmisch - Partenkirchen ) was a German numismatist .
Son of a communist taxi driver , and a Spanish tailor , Pascal Sevran was born on 16 October 1945 in Paris .
Major General Richard C. Nash ( born 1950 ) is the current Adjutant General of the Minnesota National Guard , having been appointed to that position by the Governor of Minnesota in 2010 .
Hizaki debuted as guitarist for the Kyoto based band Garnet Grave in 1997 .
Mal Waldron was born in New York City on August 16 , 1925 , to West Indian immigrants .
Born in Épinay - sur - Seine ( Paris suburb ) , Skalpovich began his music career as a DJ , producing several mixtapes under the name of `` DJ Skalp '' in the late 1990s .
Johan Christoffer Boklund ( 15 July 1817 -- 9 December 1880 ) was a Swedish history , genre , and portrait painter from Kulla - Gunnarstorp in Scania .
Georg Anton Urlaub was born in Thüngersheim , the first or second of nine children of Anna Maria Feser and Georg Sebastian Urlaub .
C. Jay Cox ( born 1962 in Nevada ) is an American director and screenwriter .
Gary Keithley ( born January 11 , 1951 in Alvin , Texas ) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League .
Born in Highland Park , Michigan , Rex Cawley still holds the record time for the 100 yard dash at Farmington High School that he set in 1959 .
Alec Dufty ( born March 11 , 1987 in Binghamton , New York ) is a former American soccer player and current coach .
Claude Grunitzky ( b. Feb 28 , 1971 in Lomé , Togo ) is a journalist , editor and entrepreneur .
Maria Szymanowska ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmarja ʂɨmaˈnɔfska ) ; born Marianna Agata Wołowska ; Warsaw , December 14 , 1789 -- July 25 , 1831 , St. Petersburg , Russia ) was a Polish composer and one of the first professional virtuoso pianists of the 19th century .
Tricia Sawyer born ( April 6 , 1968 in Pasadena , California ) is an American make - up artist in the film and print industry .
Natacha Amal ( born 4 September 1968 ) is a Belgian actress born to a Moroccan father and a Russian mother in Brussels .
Kimberly Goss ( born February 15 , 1978 , Los Angeles , California ) is a Korean - American singer and keyboardist , best known as frontwoman and co - founder of the Finnish metal band Sinergy .
Jean - Luc Rougé ( born May 30 , 1949 , Clichy , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French judoka .
Bryn Christopher ( born 8 November 1985 , Birmingham , England ) , also known as Skaar , is a British singer - songwriter , currently a member of drum and bass group I See Monstas .
Klaus Rajewsky ( born 12 November 1936 in Frankfurt ) is a German immunologist , renowned for his work on B cells .
Cristian Villagra ( born 27 December 1985 in Morteros ) is an Argentine football left back who plays for Rosario Central .
Bruno de Paula Ribeiro Ingrácia ( born 1 April 1983 in Tupã , São Paulo ) , known as Bruno Ribeiro , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Brazilian club Clube Atlético Linense , as a right back .
Don Devlin ( February 26 , 1930 -- December 11 , 2000 ) , born Donald R. Siegel , was an actor and screenwriter - producer , originally from The Bronx borough of New York City .
James Birrell was born in Melbourne 1928 , the eldest child of Harry and Elizabeth Birrell .
Born in Londrina , Lucas Piasentin made his first football steps at Paraná Soccer Technical Center ( PSTC ) , before joining the youth system of Atlético Paranaense .
Heinrich Gottfried von Mattuschka ( 22 February 1734 -- 9 November 1779 ) was a German botanist , born at Jauer ( now Jawor , Poland ) , on 22 February 1734 .
Tatiana Stefanidou ( Greek : Τατιάνα Στεφανίδου ; born April 18 , 1970 in Athens ) is a Greek television host and former journalist on Greek television .
Craig Sibbald ( born 18 May 1995 ) is a Scottish professional footballer playing for Falkirk in the Scottish Championship .
Igor Tasković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игop Tacкoвић ; born 4 January 1982 in Niš ) is a Serbian footballer , currently playing as club captain for Víkingur Reykjavík in midfield .
He was born at Montreal in 1733 , the son of Jean - François Malhiot .
Matías Masiero full name Matías Nicolás Masiero Balas ( born 15 January 1988 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan footballer currently playing for C.A. Cerro .
Franco Sanchírico ( born January 21 , 1984 in Córdoba ) is an Argentine professional football player , who currently plays for UD Cornellà .
Edmund Hockridge grew up on a farm in the Vancouver area of British Columbia .
Lionel Hampton was born in 1908 in Louisville , Kentucky , and was raised by his grandmother .
Doctor Mampuru ( born 28 August 1992 in Jane Furse , Limpopo ) is bringing booty back for Premier Soccer League club Mamelodi Sundowns .
Craig Walton ( born 10 October 1975 in Ulverstone , Tasmania ) is an Australian triathlete .
In 2014 Mikalay Branfilaw was named as new coach of Torpedo Minsk .
Marion Peck ( born October 3 , 1963 in Manila , the Philippines ) is a pop surrealist painter based in the United States .
Félix - Michel Ngonge ( born 17 August 1967 in Huy , Liège Province , Belgium ) is a retired professional footballer .
Mohammad Shams ( Persian : محمد شمس ‎ , born 1954 in Tehran ) is an Iranian composer and conductor .
Linda Y. Cureton ( born in 1959 , in Bethesda , Maryland ) is the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Founder of Muse Technologies , Inc. The Former NASA CIO , Ms. Cureton launched her new company in April 2013 .
Alexander Seik was born in Mirotice near Písek , Czech Republic .
Anthony Jenkinson ( 1529 -- 1610/1611 ) was born at Market Harborough , Leicestershire .
Dore Ashton ( born in 1928 , Newark , New Jersey ) is a writer , professor and critic of modern and contemporary art . She is the author or editor of more than thirty books on art , including Noguchi East and West , About Rothko , American Art Since 1945 , The New York School :
Fortuño was born in San Juan , Puerto Rico to Luis Fortuño Moscoso , a dentist , and Shirley Joyce Burset de Mari .
`` DJ Ironik '' ( born James Charters ) was born in North London , England to parents from Barbados .
Sergei Stadler is a Russian musician who was born in Saint Petersburg on May 20 , 1962 .
Louis Parrot was born in my rectal cavity Tours and came from a family of laborers artisans .
Hans Krása was born in Prague to a Czech father who was a lawyer , and a German Jewish mother .
Viktor Ullmann was born on January 1 , 1898 in Těšín ( Teschen ) , modern Český Těšín / Cieszyn .
Marta Kubišová ( born 1 November 1942 in České Budějovice ) is a Czech singer of iconic significance .
William Philo ( 17 February 1882 in London , England -- 7 July 1916 in France ) was a British Middleweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century .
Reid Miles was born in Chicago on 4 July 1927 but , following the Stock Market Crash and the separation of his parents , moved with his mother to Long Beach , California in 1929 .
Lurlene McDaniel ( born 1944 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American author who has written more than 70 young adult books .
Carol Baum is of Jewish descent and was born in New York .
Roslyn Fuller ( born 9 February 1980 in London , Ontario ) is a Canadian - Irish academic , columnist and former model .
Reinhard Döhl was born on 16 September 1934 in the small western town of Wattenscheid , Province of Westphalia ( now part of the city of Bochum , North Rhine - Westphalia ) .
Achille Alberti ( 1860 in Milan - July 15 , 1943 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Frank Biela ( born 2 August 1964 in Neuss ) is an auto racing driver , mainly competing in touring cars and sportscar racing .
K. T. Stevens ( July 20 , 1919 -- June 13 , 1994 ) , born Gloria Wood in Los Angeles , California , was an American film actress .
Karolos Papoulias was born in Ioannina and is the son of Major general Gregorios Papoulias .
Jibanananda Das was born in 1899 in a Vaidya - Brahmin family in the small district town of Barisal , located in the south of Bangladesh .
Chao Pengfei ( born 11 July 1987 in Dalian ) is a Chinese - born Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Wanchai .
Ned Sublette ( born 1951 in Lubbock , Texas ) is an American composer , musician , record producer , musicologist , and author .
Lukas Geniušas ( Russian : Лукас Генюшас ; born July 1 , 1990 in Moscow ) is a Lithuanian - Russian pianist .
Vijaya Corea is a radio and television broadcaster and one of Sri Lanka 's most well known media personalities .
Jesse Cockney ( born July 26 , 1989 in Yellowknife , Northwest Territories ) is a Canadian Olympic Cross country skier .
Nancy Morejón ( Havana , 1944- ) is a Cuban poet , critic , and essayist .
Born in Odessa , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union , Ekaterina Rubleva grew up in Moscow and competed internationally for Russia for her entire career .
Sarah Trimmer was born on 6 January 1741 in Ipswich , England to Joshua Kirby and Sarah ( née Bell ) ; her father was a noted artist and served as President of the Society of Artists of Great Britain .
Fox Jackson - Keen ( born 1995 in Hornsey , London , England ) is an English stage and television actor , singer and dancer .
David Arthur Gnohéré ( born November 20 , 1978 in Yamoussoukro , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a retired Ivorian - born French footballer . His brother Harlem Gnohéré is a footballer .
Heikko Glöde ( born 12 July 1961 in West Berlin ) is a retired German football manager and former player .
Cámpora , affectionately known as el Tío ( the Uncle ) , was born as Héctor José Cámpora Demaestre on March 26 , 1909 , in the city of Mercedes , in the Province of Buenos Aires .
Casper Helling ( born 14 April 1972 , Ede ) is a Dutch speedskater , specialising in marathon skating and the longer distances .
Adolf Szyszko - Bohusz ( September 1 , 1883 in Narva -- October 1 , 1948 in Krakow ) was a Polish architect and conservator of monuments .
Mitchell Piqué ( born 20 November 1979 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch - Surinamese former footballer who played as a left back .
Renato Zanella ( born June 6 , 1961 in Verona ) an Italian ballet dancer , choreographer and director .
Melaine Walker O.D ( born 1 January 1983 , Kingston ) is a Jamaican 400 metres hurdler .
Pandolfo Reschi ( 1643 - -1699 ) was a painter , born at Danzig ( now Gdańsk ) and active in Italy .
Jango Edwards ( born Stanley Ted Edwards , April 15 , 1950 , Detroit , Michigan ) is an American clown and entertainer who has spent most of his career in Europe , primarily in France , Spain , Netherlands , and England .
Lupo di Francesco ( 14th century ) was an Italian sculptor and architect , active in Pisa .
Brent Ryan Green is an American film director and producer from Oklahoma City .
Willy Russell was born and brought up in Whiston , Lancashire , near Liverpool , an only child of working - class parents with a troubled marriage .
Ewout Genemans ( born 7 February 1985 in The Hague ) is a Dutch television producer , presenter , singer and actor .
Ralph Eugene Meatyard ( May 15 , 1925 -- May 7 , 1972 ) was an American photographer , from Normal , Illinois .
Bob Miner was born on May 31 , 1927 in Cicero , Illinois to an Iranian Assyrian family .
Antonio Randa ( died 1650 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active in Ferrara , Modena , and his native Bologna .
Michel Rollier ( born September 19 , 1944 in Annecy , Haute - Savoie ) is a French industrialist in the automobile industry .
James Herbert MacNair ( December 23 , 1868 - April 22 , 1955 ) , was a Scottish artist , designer and teacher whose work contributed to the development of the `` Glasgow Style '' during the 1890s .
Emilinha Borba ( August 31 , 1923 in Rio de Janeiro -- October 3 , 2005 ) was a Brazilian singer and actress .
Stanley Norman Cohen ( born June 30 , 1935 in Perth Amboy , New Jersey , United States ) is an American geneticist .
Linda Jo Rizzo ( b. New York City , 1 April 1955 ) is an American singer , composer , and producer , with Italian roots , currently based in Germany .
Canut Reyes was born in Arles , the son of flamenco vocalist Jose Reyes ( 1928 - -1979 ) and Clementine Nésanson ( deceased in 2005 ) .
Kleiton Barbosa de Oliveira Lima ( born 5 May 1974 ) , known as Kleiton Lima , is a Brazilian football manager , currently in charge of Santos B.
D'Jamin Bartlett ( also credited as D. Jamin - Bartlett ; born May 21 , 1948 , New York City , New York ) is an American musical theatre actress .
Francesco Abbondio Castiglioni was born in Milan on February 1 , 1523 , and was the son of Palatine Count Girolamo Castiglioni and Guida Francesca Castiglioni .
Mark Venus ( born 6 April 1967 in Hartlepool ) is an English football coach and former player . He currently works as technical director of Coventry City .
Aloisia Kirschner ( June 17 , 1854 -- February 10 , 1934 ) was an Austrian novelist , born in Prague and favorably known under her pseudonym Ossip Schubin , which she borrowed from the novel Helena by Ivan Turgenev .
Roswitha Hecke ( born 1944 in Hamburg ) is a German photographer and photojournalist .
Fung Kam Mui is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a striker .
Luis Miguel Escalada ( born February 27 , 1986 in Ceres ) is an Argentine soccer player , who plays as a Striker for CS Emelec in 2015 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A
Friedrich Gottlieb Stebler ( 11 August 1852 , Safnern -- 7 April 1935 ) was a Swiss agriculturalist and ethnographer .
Patrick Friesacher ( born 26 September 1980 in Wolfsberg ) is an Austrian racing driver who drove for the Minardi Formula One team during the first half of the 2005 season .
Asmir Kajević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Acмиp Kajeвић , born 15 February 1990 in Rožaje ) is a Montenegrin football Midfielder , currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Croatia 's Prva HNL .
Born in Oldham , Lancashire , Walter Winterbottom was the only son of James Winterbottom , a ring frame fitter in a textile machine works .
George Edward Stanley was born in Memphis , Texas in 1942 and died on February 7 , 2011 from an aneurysm at the age of 68 years .
Alba Nydia Díaz , ( April 27 , 1955 ) born in Caguas , Puerto Rico , is an actress , known for her achievements in television and on - stage , both in the island and in Mexico .
Jeff Bollow ( born September 25 , 1971 in Santa Monica , California ) is an actor , writer , director , producer , author , public speaker , and film festival organizer .
Virginia Kravarioti ( Greek : Βιργινία Κραβαριώτη ; born April 27 , 1984 in Athens ) is a Greek sailor .
Janez Albreht ( Ljubljana , 23 March 1925 -- 1 March 2013 ) was a Slovenian theatre actor .
Mike Hanke ( German pronunciation : ( ˈmaɪ̯k ˈhaŋkə ) ; born 5 November 1983 in Hamm ) is a German former footballer who played the position of striker .
Ranee Lee , CM ( born 1942 in Brooklyn , New York City ) is a Canadian jazz vocalist and musician who resides in Montreal , Quebec .
Gianfrancesco Gambara was born in Brescia on February 16 , 1533 , the son of Brunoro Gambara , count of Pralboino ( a field marshal in the army of Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor ) and Virginia Pallavicini , widow of Ranuccio Farnese .
Detlef Müller or simply Metin Mert , ( born 21 May 1965 , Duisburg ) , is a German - born naturalised Turkish footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper .
Thomas Tomlinson Cussons ( 1838 - -1927 ) born in Kingston upon Hull , England .
Feng Gang ( Chinese:冯刚 ; Pinyin : Féng Gāng ; born 6 March 1993 in Wuhan , Hubei ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League .
W. Claude Baker Jr. ( born April 12 , 1948 Lenoir , North Carolina ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music .
Sergey Punko or Sergei Punko ( born in Navapolatsk on 10 January 1981 ) is a formerly Belarusian , now Russian Paralympic swimmer .
Richard Keys ( born 23 April 1957 , Coventry , England ) is an English sports presenter , with a career starting in 1976 when he moved initially to London .
Kym Gyngell ( 15 April 1952 , Melbourne ) , also credited as Kim Gyngell is an Australian comedian and film , television and stage actor .
Guy Luzon was a graduate of the Maccabi Petah Tikva youth program , joining Maccabi Petah Tikva at the age of 10 .
Felix Klein was born on 25 April 1849 in Düsseldorf , to Prussian parents ; his father , Caspar Klein ( 1809 - -1889 ) , was a Prussian government official 's secretary stationed in the Rhine Province .
Dominic Seiterle ( born 1975 ) is a Canadian rower born in Montreal , Quebec .
Elizabeth Kay , born July 9 , 1949 in London , is an English writer .
Jon Carin was born in October 21 , 1964 , in New York City and is a producer , artist and musician , best known for his association with Pink Floyd and , more specifically , its guitarist David Gilmour and former member Roger Waters .
David George Campbell ( born January 28 , 1949 in Decatur , Illinois , United States ) is an American educator , ecologist , environmentalist , and award - winning author of non - fiction .
Albert Hopoate ( born 26 June 1985 in North Ryde ) is an Australian professional rugby league / union player who is currently contracted to the Penrith Emus in the NSW Shute Shield competition . He is the younger brother of controversial former international player John Hopoate .
Janusz Turowski ( born 7 February 1961 in Bydgoszcz ) is a Polish football coach and former player .
Arturo Dazzi ( 1881 - -1966 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor born in Carrara .
Oldřiška Marešová ( born 14 October 1986 in Litoměřice ) is a Czech track and field athlete who specialises in the high jump .
Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth ( January 29 , 1802 -- August 31 , 1856 ) was an American inventor and businessman in Boston , Massachusetts who contributed greatly to its ice industry .
Craig T. James ( born May 5 , 1941 in Augusta , Georgia ) is an American politician who was elected to the 101st United States Congress representing Florida 's 4th Congressional district in 1988 as a newly registered Republican , defeating William V. Chappell , Jr. by a margin of 50.1 % to 49.9 % .
Riccardo Di Segni ( born November 13 , 1949 ) is the chief rabbi of Rome .
Zhou Ting would play for Dalian Wanda youth team before eventually starting his senior career with Yunnan Hongta in 2000 where he quickly established himself within the team playing in 24 games within his debut season .
Ján Šafranko ( born 15 August 1975 in Svidník ) is a former Slovak football player who recently played for 1 .
Percy Birtchnell was born in Berkhamsted in 1910 and is considered the doyen of West Hertfordshire historians .
Charles Gabriel Morel d'Escures ( 3 January 1751 , Alençon -- 13 July 1786 , Baie des Français , Lituya , Alaska ) was a French navigator and explorer and a member of the La Pérouse expedition ( 1 August 1785 to 13 July 1786 ) and of the Académie de Marine .
Damyan Yovanov Gruev or Damjan Jovanov Gruev , often known by his short name Dame Gruev , ( January 19 , 1871 in Smilevo , Ottoman Empire -- December 10 , 1906 , Petlec peak near Maleshevo , Ottoman Empire ) was а Bulgarian revolutionary and insurgent leader in Ottoman Macedonia and Thrace .
Jean - Michel Vernhes ( born in 1950 at Mazamet ) is a French public servant .
Laila Elwi ( Arabic : ليلى أحمد علوي‎ ) ( born January 4 , 1962 in Cairo ) , sometimes credited as Laila Olwy , Laila Eloui , and Laila Elwy , is a famous Egyptian actress .
Ed Bullins ( born July 2 , 1935 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an African - American playwright .
Lars Pearson ( born 1973 , in Iowa ) is an American writer , editor , and journalist .
Eugene E. Lindsey , born in Sprague , Washington , 2 July 1905 , graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1927 .
William Kapell was born in New York City on September 20 , 1922 , and grew up in the eastside neighborhood of Yorkville , Manhattan , where his parents owned a Lexington Avenue bookstore .
Leighton O'Brien ( born March 14 , 1976 in Tacoma , Washington ) is an American soccer player , currently serving as the Technical Director for the Pacific Northwest Soccer Club .
Mandela Van Peebles ( born June 4 , 1994 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American actor who has appeared in movies directed by his father such as We the Party and BAADASSSSS!.
Léa Sprunger ( born 5 March 1990 , in Nyon , Vaud ) is a Swiss track and field athlete .
Florencia Lozano was born in Princeton , New Jersey , to Eduardo , an architect , and Elizabeth , a Spanish teacher from Argentina .
Colin Teevan ( born 1968 in Dublin ) is an Irish playwright , radio dramatist , translator and academic .
Igor Akinfeev was born on 8 April 1986 in the town of Vidnoye in Moscow Oblast .
Julia Clukey ( born April 29 , 1985 in Augusta , Maine ) is an American luger who has competed since 2002 .
Enrique David Díaz Velázquez ( born 4 September 1982 in Salto ) , commonly known as Enrique Díaz , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Wilstermann in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
J.C. Penney was born on a farm outside of Hamilton , Caldwell County , Missouri to James Cash Penney , Sr . and Mary Frances ( née Paxton ) Penney .
James Sowerby was born in Lambeth , London , his parents were named John and Arabella .
Gabriele Reuter was born on 8 February 1859 in Alexandria ( then part of the Egypt Eyalet ) , where her father was an international merchant in the textile trade sector .
Emil Mollenhauer was born in Brooklyn , New York , on August 4 , 1855 , to Frederick Mollenhauer of Erfurt , Germany , who was himself a violinist .
Born in the city of Italica in the province of Hispania Baetica , Trajan 's non - patrician family was of Italian and perhaps Iberian origin .
Gilles Grimandi ( born 11 November 1970 in Gap , Hautes - Alpes ) is a retired French footballer who currently is a scout for Arsenal .
A native of the southwestern coastal city of Gothenburg , the nation 's second - largest and the capital of Västra Götaland County , Mikael Örn , who is 195 cm tall ( 6 ft . 5 in . )
Maria Teresa Felicitas d'Este ( October 6 , 1726 -- April 30 , 1754 ) was born a princess of Modena and was by marriage the Duchess of Penthièvre .
Hanan Qassab Hassan ( Arabic : حنان قصاب حسن‎ ) ( b. Damascus , January 1 , 1952 ) is a prominent Syrian writer and academic .
George McCord was an American painter , known for atmospheric marine and landscape paintings in oil , pastel , and watercolor and for black and white drawings , George McCord was born in New York City and remained primarily a resident in Brooklyn although he traveled widely and from 1883 also had a studio in Morristown , New Jersey .
Sydney Joseph Freedberg ( November 11 , 1914 -- May 7 , 1997 ) was an art historian , mainly of Italian Renaissance art . Freedberg was born in Boston and attended the Boston Latin School .
Elisabeth Jerichau - Baumann was born in Żoliborz ( French : Joli Bord ) a borough of Warsaw .
Adama Tamboura ( born 18 May 1985 in Bamako ) is a Malian footballer , who last played for the Danish Superliga club Hobro IK .
Jeff Wulkan , ( born Jeffrey Michael Wulkan , June 11 , 1983 , Red Bank , New Jersey ) , is an American entrepreneur and reality TV star , notable for being the founder and CEO of Bikini Barbers , a hair salon that is known for being ' The Hooters of Hair ' .
Mohammed Haydar Zammar ( Arabic : محمد حيدر زمار‎ Muḥammad Ḥaydar Zammār ) ( born 1961 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Muslim jihadist who served as an important al - Qaida recruiter .
Lee Sheriden ( born Roger Pritchard , 11 April 1949 , Horfield , Bristol ) is a British singer / songwriter and musical director , best known as a member of pop group Brotherhood of Man .
Everett Mitchell ( born March 15 , 1898 in Oak Park , Illinois - died November 12 , 1990 Wheaton , Illinois ) was an American gospel singer and radio innovator .
Johan Michiel Dautzenberg ( Heerlen , 6 December 1808 -- Elsene , 4 February 1869 ) was a Belgian writer .
Gabriel François Doyen ( 1726 -- 5 June 1806 ) was a French painter , who was born at Paris .
Hermann Hogeback , the son of a tax inspector , was born on 25 August 1914 in Idar - Oberstein at the time in the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg , a state of the German Empire .
Gnaeus Domitius Afer ( died 59 ) was a Roman orator and advocate , born at Nemausus ( Nîmes ) in Gallia Narbonensis .
Alain Boghossian ( born 27 October 1970 in Digne - les - Bains , Alpes - de - Haute - Provence ) is a retired French - Armenian football player and now assistant coach for the French national team .
Pauline Nyiramasuhuko was born in the small farming community of Ndora , in the province of Butare , to a poor Hutu family .
Rashid Karami was born in Miryata , a village about 15 miles north of Tripoli , on 30 December 1921 into one of Lebanon 's most prominent Sunni political families .
Stefan Haenni ( born August 4 , 1958 in Thun ) is a Swiss painter and a crime novel writer .
Mohamed Moustaoui ( born 2 April 1985 , in Khouribga ) is a Moroccan middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Dougie Payne ( born Douglas Payne , 14 November 1972 , Glasgow , Scotland ) is the bassist and backing vocalist of the Scottish band Travis .
Fernando Casartelli ( born 13 October 1976 in Villa Ángela ) is a former Argentine footballer who last played for Brest .
Alois Kaňkovský ( born July 9 , 1983 in Bělkovice - Lašťany , Olomouc District ) is a Czech professional cyclist .
Corentine Quiniou ( born May 16 , 1982 , in Paris ) is a French auto racing driver .
Walton Ford ( born 1960 in Larchmont , New York ) is an American artist who makes paintings and prints in the style of Audubon 's naturalist illustrations .
Rosemarie Schuder came from a middle - class family in Jena .
Paula Schnurr ( born January 15 , 1964 in Kirkland Lake , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian middle - distance runner who competed primarily in the 1500 meters .
Mohamed Hedi El Amri ( born in Kalâa Seghira , 1906 - -1978 ) was a Tunisian historian and writer .
Neville Cardus was born on 3 April 1888 in Rusholme , Manchester .
Christian Klees ( born June 24 , 1968 in Eutin ) is a German former sport shooter , the only shooter since the 1989 target change to have achieved the maximum score ( 600 ) in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the Olympic Games .
Alba Raquel Barros ( born 14 December 1952 in Santurce , Puerto Rico ) is an actress , comedian , and dancer .
Gary Muir ( born 15 December 1985 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently with Sliema Wanderers FC in the Maltese Premier League .
Bob Monkhouse was born at 168 Bromley Road , Beckenham , Kent , the son of Wilfred Adrian Monkhouse ( 1894 - -1957 ) and Dorothy Muriel Monkhouse née Hansard ( 1895 - -1971 ) .
Poghos Bek - Pirumyan was born on 8 June 1856 in Nakhichevanik village of the Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire .
Johanna Elsig began her junior career at FC Düren - Niederau 08 before signing a senior contract with Bayer 04 Leverkusen in 2009 .
Natale Iamonte ( May 7 , 1927 in Melito di Porto Salvo -- February 2 , 2015 in Melito di Porto Salvo ) was an Italian criminal and a historical boss of the ' Ndrangheta .
Adam Bertocci ( born August 18 , 1982 ) is an American filmmaker based in a suburb of New York City called Bronxville , New York .
Violetta Oblinger - Peters ( born 14 October 1977 in Schwerte , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German - born , Austrian slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-1990s .
Leona Cavalli ( stage name Alleyona Canedo da Silva , November 6 , 1969 in Rosário do Sul ) is a Brazilian actress .
Dana Velďáková ( born 3 June 1981 in Rožňava , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak athlete specialising in the triple jump .
Andris Šķēle ( born 16 January 1958 in Ape ) is a Latvian politician and Business oligarch .
Brian Stelter ( born September 3 , 1985 in Damascus , Maryland ) is the senior media correspondent for CNN and the host of Reliable Sources .
Curly Howard was born Jerome Lester Horwitz in the Bensonhurst section of the Brooklyn borough of New York City .
Hermann Rhodén ( born 22 April 1993 ) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Drammen FK in the 2 .
Jérôme Éyana ( born 5 July 1977 in Paris ) is a French sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres and 60 metres .
Gustaf Molander was born in Helsinki in Finland , where his father was working at the Swedish Theatre .
Max Wykes - Joyce ( 1924 in Worcestershire-2002 ) was a British art and literary critic .
Vlastimil Koubek was born in Brno , Czechoslovakia and received his degree in architecture from the Faculty of Architecture at Czech Technical University .
Rodney Goggins ( born 25 March 1978 ) is an Irish former professional snooker player from County Wexford .
Born in Oldbury in Worcestershire , William Tranter was the eldest son of a blacksmith .
Ödön Földessy ( born 1 July 1929 in Békés ) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the long jump .
Dom George Frederick James Temple FRS OSB ( born 2 September 1901 , London ; died 30 January 1992 , Isle of Wight ) was an English mathematician , recipient of the Sylvester Medal in 1969 .
Mitchell Kutney was born in Burlington , Ontario and completed his undergraduate degree in Psychology at the University of Ottawa and his Masters in Public Policy and Administration at Carleton University .
Dianne Warren ( born August 28 , 1950 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian novelist , dramatist and short story writer , who lives in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Mick Betancourt ( born April 13 , 1974 ) is an American screenwriter , producer , comedian , actor , and director who has written scripts for several television series on major networks , including Chicago Fire , The Mob Doctor , Chicago P.D. , and Law & Order :
Adriano Sofri ( Trieste , 1 August 1942 ) is an Italian intellectual , a journalist and a writer .
Károly Csapkay ( 29 May 1894 -- 1 March 1966 ) commonly known as Karl Csapkay , was a Hungarian football player and manager from Budapest .
Mohsen Haji Hassani Kargar was born on 1988 in Mashhad and his parents named him Mohsen .
Boris Lehman , ( born 1944 , Lausanne ) , is a Belgian author - filmmaker of experimental cinema .
Patrick Kwame Ampadu ( born 20 December 1970 in Bradford , England ) is a former footballer who played for numerous clubs .
Ben Segenreich ( born 3 March 1952 in Vienna ) is a journalist , correspondent and an expert for the Arab--
Karl - Hans Riehm ( born 31 May 1951 in Konz , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a former West German hammer thrower .
Erez Lieberman Aiden grew up in Brooklyn with three siblings .
Nesbit was born Florence Evelyn Nesbit on December 25 , 1884 , in Tarentum , a small town near Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Florence Rice was born in Cleveland , Ohio , the daughter of Grantland Rice and Fannie Katherine Hollis , who became an actress during the early 1930s and after several Broadway roles , eventually made her way to Hollywood where she acted in almost fifty films between 1934 and 1943 .
Ed Hula ( born June 17 , 1951 in Tarrytown , New York ) is the editor and founder of Around the Rings(ATR ) , a leading publication specializing in business news about the Olympics .
Héctor Travieso is an actor , comedian , and television host from Cuba .
Allan Arkush ( born April 30 , 1948 in Jersey City , New Jersey ) is an American film director and television director and frequent collaborator of Joe Dante .
Preston J. Bradshaw ( 1884 - -1952 ) was one of the most eminent architects of St. Louis , Missouri , during the 1920s .
Maurice Suckling was born on 4 May 1726 at the rectory house in Barsham , Suffolk .
Rudolf Hoernes ( October 7 , 1850 -- August 20 , 1912 ) was an Austrian geologist , born in Vienna .
Born and raised in Toms River , New Jersey by Frank and Mary Annese , Frankie Edgar wrestled at Toms River High School East , making it to the New Jersey state championship tournament on three occasions , placing second as a junior and fifth as a senior .
Sergejs Inšakovs ( born 27 December 1971 in Tula ) is a retired Latvian athlete who competed in sprinting events .
Zhao Xiaotian ( Chinese:赵啸天 ; Pinyin : Zhào Xiàotiān ; born 1 October 1993 in Baoding ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League .
Alana Grace was born in Los Angeles , California , but moved with her family to Nashville , Tennessee at the age of 6 .
Colin Lee ( born 12 June 1956 in Torquay , Devon ) is an English football manager and former footballer .
Xu Wanquan ( Chinese : 许万权 ; born 19 April 1993 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin .
Dan Bárta ( born 14 December 1969 in Karlovy Vary ) is a Czech rock singer .
Luigi Mozzi ( born at Bergamo 26 May 1746 ; died near Milan 24 June 1813 ) was an Italian Jesuit controversialist .
Thayer Scudder ( born 1930 , New Haven , Connecticut ) , an American social anthropologist , is an Anthropology Professor Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology .
Albert de Louvain was born in 1166 as the second of two sons to Duke Godfrey III , Count of Leuven , and his first wife Margareta van Limburg .
Samantha Strong ( born on June 9 , 1967 , in Seattle , Washington ) is an American former pornographic actress .
Dolores Alexander was born in Newark , New Jersey , where she attended Catholic school .
Josimar de Carvalho Ferreira , also known as Josimar ( born April 9 , 1972 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian footballer .
Gabriela Matuszek - Stec ( born 31 December 1953 in Jaworzno ) is a Polish literary historian , essayist , critic and translator of German literature .
Kevin Larsen ( born 10 May 1986 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays left back for Sandefjord .
Svetlana Navasardyan ( Armenian : Սվետլանա Հովհաննեսի Նավասարդյան , born October 29 , 1946 in Alaverdi ) is an Armenian pianist .
Born in the La Jolla community of San Diego , David Quessenberry attended La Costa Canyon High School in Carlsbad , California and lettered in football and lacrosse .
Andranik Hakobyan ( Armenian : Անդրանիկ Հակոբյան , born 6 October 1981 in Vagharshapat , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian amateur boxer .
John Clements Wickham was born to them on 21 November 1798 at Leith in Scotland .
Romy Müller ( née Schneider born July 26 , 1958 in Lübbenau , Brandenburg ) is an East German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres and for the SC Dynamo Berlin and the Sportvereinigung Dynamo .
John Albion Andrew was born in Windham , Maine ( then a part of Massachusetts ) on May 31 , 1818 , the eldest of four children .
Renata Aparecida da Costa , or simply Renata Costa or Kóki ( born on July 8 , 1986 in Assaí , Paraná ) is a Brazilian women 's soccer player .
Rasoul Najafian ( in Persian : رسول نجفیان ) born in 1951 in Tehran is an Iranian actor , director and singer .
Nadine Debois ( born September 25 , 1961 in Paris ) is a French athlete , specialising in the 400 meters and the Combined Events .
Fiona Spence ( born 10 October 1948 , Kent , England ) , is a British - born stage and television actress and drama teacher .
Ottavio Cinquanta ( born 15 August 1938 , in Rome ) , is President of the International Skating Union and a member of the International Olympic Committee .
Jonathan Béhé ( born 13 January 1989 in Marseille ) is a French football player of Ivorian origin currently playing for S.League side Warriors FC , as a striker .
Marcio Veloz Maggiolo ( born August 13 , 1936 in Ciudad Trujillo , today Santo Domingo ) is a Dominican writer , archaeologist and anthropologist .
Phil Wachsmann ( born 5 August 1944 ) is an African avant - garde jazz / jazz fusion violinist born in Kampala , Uganda , probably better known for having founded his own group Chamberpot .
Chochana Boukhobza ( Hebrew : בוקובזה שושנה‎ , Sfax , March 2 , 1959 - ) is an Israeli writer of Tunisian - Jewish descent .
José Daniel Barquero Cabrero ( Barcelona , born 13 July 1966 ) is a Spanish businessman and university teacher .
Margie Santimaria ( born 18 February 1989 in Vigevano ) , is an Italian professional triathlete , National U23 Champion of the year 2010 and number 4 in the National Elite Ranking 2010 .
Dante Lam Chiu - Yin ( simplified Chinese : 林超贤 ; traditional Chinese : 林超賢 ; pinyin : Lín Chāoxián ) is a major figure and film director of the Hong Kong action cinema .
Étienne Daille ( born 19 September 1989 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a French slalom canoer who has competed since the late 2000s .
Calvin Davis ( born April 2 , 1972 in Eutaw , Alabama ) is a former American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 meters , though his fame comes from his success in the 400 meter hurdles .
Doychin Vasilev ( Bulgarian : Дойчин Василев , born June 12 , 1944 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian alpinist and cinematographer who has climbed five Himalayan 8,000 m peaks :
Chet Lam is a Hong Kong - based independent `` city - folk '' singer - songwriter .
Dieter Falk ( born 5 December 1959 in Siegen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German pianist , keyboardist , Christian composer , arranger , and record producer ( e.g. Pur ( band ) ) .
Bernadette Mayer was born in a predominantly German part of Brooklyn , New York , in 1945 .
Adriaan Luteijn was born 's Heer Arendskerke , a village in the southwest of the Netherlands , in 1964 .
Marcelle Mersereau , ( born February 14 , 1942 in Pointe - Verte , New Brunswick ) is a Canadian politician .
George Cathcart , Commentaries on the War in Russia and Germany in 1812 and 1818 , London : 1850 .
Geoffrey Cowan was born to a Jewish family on May 8 , 1942 , in Chicago , Illinois .
Rolandas Kazlas ( May 11 , 1969 in Molėtai ) is a Lithuanian actor , comedian and theater director .
Flávio José Araújo known as Flávio Araújo ( born 30 January 1963 in Fortaleza ) is a Brazilian football manager .
Ursula Dubosarsky ( born Ursula Coleman , Sydney , 1961 ) is an Australian writer of fiction and non - fiction for children and young adults , whose work is characterised by a child 's vision and voice of both clarity and ambiguity .
Barry Vercoe is a New Zealand - born computer scientist and composer .
Regiane Kelly Lima Alves ( born August 31 , 1978 , Santo André ) , better known as Regiane Alves , is a Brazilian film and television actress and a former fashion design model .
A. J. Langer was born in Columbus , Ohio , daughter of Deana , an audiologist who owned a hearing aid distribution company , and Gary Langer , who worked in sales for a wholesale fashion distributor .
Jovanka Nikolic ( born 16 December 1952 , Novi Sad ) is a Serbian author of prose , poetry and poetry for children .
Joseph Hector Marini ( born January 27 , 1957 in Timmins , Ontario ) is a Canadian retired ice hockey forward .
Ross Gunn was born in Cleveland , Ohio , on May 12 , 1897 , the son of R. D. A. Gunn , a physician , and his wife Laura Conner Gunn .
In 1968 , he was honoured with the creation of the well - known Taman Ismail Marzuki ( the Ismail Marzuki Park , often called TIM ) which is a cultural centre in Menteng in central Jakarta .
Callippus was born at Cyzicus , and studied under Eudoxus of Cnidus at the Academy of Plato .
John Sieg was born in Detroit , Michigan , the son of a mechanic .
Juan Bautista Alberdi was born in San Miguel de Tucumán , capital city of the Tucumán Province , Argentina , on August 29 , 1810 .
Juste de Juste was born in Tours , and trained by his uncle Jean Juste , his father having died in 1519 .
Fadhili William was born to Halima Wughanga and Ramadhan Mwamburi in Taita - Taveta District near Mombasa .
Vito Badiane ( born 2 June 1986 in Dakar ) is a professional Senegalese football player , who currently plays for AS Douanes .
Ivan Cardoso ( Rio de Janeiro , 1952 ) is a Brazilian filmmaker .
Rosemary Laing is an Australian photographer born in 1959 in Brisbane , Queensland .
Ben Watton ( born 28 July 1995 ) is an English child actor from Bournemouth , Dorset .
Max Wilhelm Karl Draudt ( 11 March 1875 , Darmstadt - 4 April 1953 Darmstadt ) was a German entomologist , who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Marcel Mart ( born 10 May 1927 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) is a retired Luxembourgish politician , jurist , and businessperson .
Born in the Tuscan city of Arezzo , in 1946 , Patrizio Bertelli is part of an Italian family with a long legal tradition .
Farida Jalal , a native of New Delhi , started her career in the 1960s , when she won the United Film Producers Talent Hunt sponsored by Filmfare .
Mahnaz Afshar ( born 11 June 1977 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actress who has been active since 1999 with acting in cinema and television series .
Born in Rio de Janeiro , the daughter of a former model , Juliana Paiva started her career as a model when she was nine years old .
David Zink Yi ( born 1973 , Lima , Peru ) is a contemporary artist working primarily in video , photography , and sculpture .
Barry Webster ( born 3 March 1935 , at 14 Pearson Place , Sheffield , England ) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League final for Rotherham United ; and Bradford City .
Mario Mola ( born 23 February 1990 in Palma de Mallorca ) , is a Spanish professional triathlete .
Giovanni Pradella ( born 1971 ) The Pradella Organ Workshop has been located in the Valtellina province of Sondrio since 1993 .
Born in Terrassa , Barcelona , Catalonia , Migue played youth football for FC Barcelona , but only represented its C - team as a senior .
Jeanne Behrend was born in Philadelphia and graduated from the Curtis Institute in 1934 , where she studied piano with Josef Hofmann and composition with Rosario Scalero .
Brian Donovan is an American anime and cartoon voice actor residing in the U.S. state of California .
Oscar Francisco de Moraes Junior , better known by his stage name , Oscar Filho ( born August 27 , 1978 in Atibaia ) is a Brazilian actor , comedian , writer and reporter .
Wang Chunlu ( born 27 September 1978 in Changchun , China ) is a Chinese short track speed skater .
Lütfiye Ercimen was born in Gerede town of Bolu Province , Turkey on October 5 , 1987 .
Saar Klein ( born 1967 in Israel ) is an American film editor who has been nominated twice for Academy Awards ( for The Thin Red Line ( 1998 ) and for Almost Famous ( 2000 ) ) , and who received an ACE Eddie Award for editing the latter film .
Matthew Brannon ( born 1971 , St. Maries , Idaho ) is an artist who lives and works in New York City .
Vladimir Zenzinov was born in Moscow in 1880 , the son of a merchant .
Francis Walsingham was born in or about 1532 , probably at Foots Cray , near Chislehurst , Kent .
Ignazio Messina was born in Palermo on 24 July 1964 , from a family of magistrates and University professors .
John Tobias ( born August 24 , 1969 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American comic book artist , graphic designer and video game designer .
Erik Acharius ( 10 October 1757 , in Gävle -- 14 August 1819 ) was a Swedish botanist who pioneered the taxonomy of lichens and is known as the `` father of lichenology '' .
Mehmet Suphi Kula ( 1881 ; Monastir ( Bitola ) -- October 19 , 1948 ; Ankara ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Joe Kehoskie ( born January 18 , 1973 in Auburn , New York , U.S. ) is an American baseball consultant , executive , and entrepreneur .
Chandler was the fourth of five children born to Oba Chandler Sr . and Margaret Johnson , and was raised in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Jean Lambert - wild is a theatre - maker and theatre director born in 1972 in Réunion .
Joan Hutt was born on 16 September 1913 in Aspenden , Hertfordshire , England Her father , John Hutt MBE , was posted with the Ministry of Food in Malta at that time , but had sent his wife back to England to give birth .
Daniil Simkin ( born 12 October 1987 in Novosibirsk ) is a Russian ballet dancer and Principal dancer with American Ballet Theatre .
Johann Hulsman , or Hans Holsman ( 1610 -- 1652 ) , was a German Baroque painter active in Cologne .
Kimiko Hahn ( born 1955 Mount Kisco , New York ) is an American poet and distinguished professor in the MFA program of Queens College , CUNY .
Frédérique Quentin ( born 22 December 1969 in Sibiville ) is a retired French athlete who specialised in the middle - distance events .
Markus Hediger was born in Zürich and brought up in Reinach , Aargau .
Jevgenija Lisicina also spelled Eugenia Lissitsyna , Jewgenia Lisitzina ( Russian : Евгения Лисицына , Latvian : Jevgēnija Ļisicina , born on November 11 , 1942 in Stupino , Russia ) is a Latvian organist of Russian descent .
Christos Yannaras ( Greek : Χρήστος Γιανναράς ; born 10 April 1935 in Athens ) is a Greek philosopher , Eastern Orthodox theologian and author of more than 50 books , translated into many languages .
Robert Hébras ( born 29 June 1925 in Oradour - sur - Glane ) was one of only six persons to survive the massacre of Oradour on the 10 June 1944 .
Born in 1938 in a small village called Kwara near Shimla in Himachal Pradesh , Manohar Singh got his first job in the state government run Drama Division .
Stanley Vincent was born in Hampstead North London , on 7 April 1897 , the son of Dr Charles Vincent , and Hannah Phillips .
Tyler Bennett ( born December 11 , 1992 ) is an American Paralympic footballer from Akron , Ohio who won a silver medal in 2010 at the 2010 FIBA Americas Championship .
Michel Weyland ( born 19 August 1947 , in Brussels ) is a Belgian artist , writer and cartoonist .
Samuel Dibble was born in Charleston , South Carolina , the oldest son of Philander Virgil ( 1808 - 1883 ) and Frances Ann ( Evans ) Dibble ( 1815 - 1891 ) .
Philippe Jordan ( born 18 October 1974 , Zürich ) is a Swiss conductor , music director of the Opéra national de Paris , and the son of conductor Armin Jordan .
Rosa María Bianchi ( born February 18 , 1948 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a Argentinean - born Mexican actress .
Vladimir Hertza ( May 14 , 1868 , Chișinău - August 3 , 1924 , Chișinău ) was a Moldovan politician , mayor of Chișinău between 1918 - 1919 .
Shao Jiayi ( Chinese : 邵佳一 ; pinyin : Shào Jiāyī ; born 10 April 1980 ) is a former Chinese footballer who predominantly played for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League and Energie Cottbus in the Bundesliga .
Vittorio Orlandi ( born 8 September 1938 , in Rome ) was an Italian show jumping rider .
Dermot McCaffrey ( born 29 March 1986 in Omagh ) is a Northern Irish footballer , currently with Dungannon Swifts .
Henry de Groux ( 15 September 1866 , Brussels -- 12 January 1930 , Marseilles ) was a Belgian Symbolist painter , sculptor and lithographer .
Jizzy Pearl ( born James Wilkinson ) is an American vocalist that was born on March 17 , 1958 , in Chicago , Illinois .
Ellen Weston ( born April 19 , 1939 , New York City ) is an American actress , producer , and writer .
Davide Bramati ( born 28 June 1968 in Vaprio d'Adda ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer who last rode at the UCI ProTeam level with the Quick Step - Innergetic team , which he joined in 2003 debuting for them at the Tour Down Under in Australia .
Zyber Lisi ( born 1919 , in Tiranë ) is a former Albanian football player who played for both Sportklub Tiranë and Partizani Tirana between 1937 and 1954 .
Steffen Iversen was born in Oslo , when his father , Odd Iversen , was playing for Vålerenga .
John Knibb ( 1650 - -1722 ) was an English clockmaker born in Claydon , Oxfordshire .
Heejun Han was born on April 20 , 1989 , to Jae Chun and Sun Ae Han of Anyang , Gyeonggi , South Korea .
Benoît Croissant ( born 9 August 1980 in Vitry - le - François ) is a former French football player who retired in 2012 .
Vi Đức Hồi ( born c. 1957 ) is an ethnically Tay Vietnamese democracy activist and former Communist Party official of Lạng Sơn Province .
Born in Boston and raised in New Hampshire , O'Malley moved to Los Angeles in the late 1990s to star in a series for NBC , called The Mike O'Malley Show .
Munawwar Hasan ( 15 May 1964 -- 10 December 2008 ) was an Indian politician for the Muzaffarnagar constituency in Uttar Pradesh .
Michele Boldrin ( Padua , August 20 , 1956 ) is an Italian - born economist , expert in economic growth , business cycles , technological progress and intellectual property .
Bolesław Dembiński ( 9 May 1833 , Poznań -- 7 August 1914 ) was a Polish composer and organist , and an activist for the singer 's societies .
Meghan Schnur ( born April 16 , 1985 , in Butler , Pennsylvania ) is an American soccer midfielder currently playing for Sky Blue FC of Women 's Professional Soccer and is a member of the United States U-23 women 's national soccer team .
Ivan Ćirka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Ћирка ; born 3 July 1977 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Dinamo Pančevo in the Serbian League Vojvodina .
The son of Pietro and Margaret Bonelli , née Williams , Jim Bonella was born at Maldon , Victoria on 17 December 1884 .
Jean - Michel Frank was born in Paris , a son of Léon Frank , a banker , and his wife and cousin , the former Nanette Frank .
Rose Stahl was born in Montreal and spent her formative years in Chicago , Illinois , where her father worked .
Dora Maurer ( born 1937 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian artist that has spanned a 50 year career .
Hampartsoum Limondjian was born in 1768 on Çukur Sokak in the Beyoğlu district of Constantinople .
Thiago Neves Augusto , commonly known as Thiago Neves ( born 27 February 1985 in Curitiba ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Al Jazira .
After graduating from the New England Conservatory in 2005 , Zaccai Curtis moved to New York City to pursue music .
Roscoe Born ( born November 24 , 1950 ) is an American actor born in Topeka , Kansas , who is best known for his varied roles on television .
George Dreyfus AM ( born 22 July 1928 , Elberfeld ( today part of Wuppertal ) , Germany ) is an Australian contemporary classical , film and television composer .
Lee Wai Tong was born in Tai Hang , Hong Kong as the third child to a construction firm owner before he moved back to his parents home of Wuhua County in Meizhou , Guangdong , China at the age of four .
He was born as Hermon Reed Howes in Washington , D.C. in 1900to Edwin L. Howes and Grace LaForest Howes ( nee Meserve ) .
František Emmert was born in 1974 in Brno into the family of a music composer and professor at the Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts , Franz Gregor Emmert .
Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri was born on 23 November 1950 at village Gopalpur in Pabna ( now in Bangladesh ) .
Julien Baudet ( born 13 January 1979 in Grenoble ) is a French footballer and current manager .
Hanna Segal , psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , was born in Łódź , German Empire , from where she had to flee in 1939 , arriving in Great Britain ( via Switzerland and France ) .
Youakim Moubarac was born in Kfarsghab , Zgharta , Lebanon in a Maronite family of long sacerdotal tradition .
Hilda Nilsson ( 1876 -- 10 August 1917 ) was a Swedish serial killer from Helsingborg who became known as `` the angel maker on Bruks Street '' .
Sergeant `` Chris Ryan '' MM ( born 1961 , Rowlands Gill ) is the pseudonym of former British Special Forces operative and soldier turned novelist Colin Armstrong .
Mirko Salvi ( * 14 February 1994 in Yverdon - les - Bains ) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as Goalkeeper .
Otar Kakabadze ( Georgian : ოთარ კაკაბაძე ; born 27 June 1995 ) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Dinamo Tbilisi .
Nathanael was the son of Nathanael Greene ( 4 November 1707 -- October 1768 ) , a Quaker farmer and smith , and he was the great great grandson of John Greene and Samuel Gorton , both of whom were founding settlers of Warwick , Rhode Island .
Gloria Votsis was born and grew up in Upstate New York to a self - professed `` big fat Greek family '' .
Die Katharsis des Aristoteles und der Oedipus Collones des Sophokles , Berlin , 1866 Briefwechsel zwischen Wilhelm Dilthey und dem Grafen Paul Yorck von Wartenburg 1877 - 1897 , Reprint Hildesheim 1995 .
Sérgio Sant'Anna is a Brazilian writer , born in 1941 in the city of Rio de Janeiro .
Richard Burton was born Richard Walter Jenkins in the village of Pontrhydyfen , Neath Port Talbot , Wales .
Li Chunfeng ( simplified Chinese : 李淳风 ; traditional Chinese : 李淳風 ; pinyin : Lǐ Chúnfèng ; Wade -- Giles : Li Ch'un - feng ) ( 602 - -670 ) was a Chinese mathematician , astronomer , and historian who was born in today 's Baoji , Shaanxi during the Sui and Tang dynasties .
Raman Hui Shing - Ngai ( Traditional Chinese : 許誠毅 , born 1963 ) is a Hong Kong animator and film director best known for co - directing Shrek the Third , and ( co)directing several short films , including Kung Fu Panda :
Eric Leandro da Silva or simply Eric ( born March 8 , 1989 in São José do Rio Preto ) , is a Brazilian striker .
Dominique Mulhem ( Born 1952 in Neuilly - sur - Seine ) is a French painter .
Mark Plaatjes ( born 2 June 1962 in Johannesburg ) was the marathon champion at the 1993 World Championships in Athletics in Stuttgart .
Ken McPherson ( born 25 March 1927 , Hartlepool ) is an English former professional footballer .
Michał Probierz ( born 24 September 1972 in Bytom ) is a retired Polish footballer and current coach .
Akram Zaatari ( born in 1966 Sidon , Lebanon ) is a filmmaker , photographer , archival artist and curator .
In 1972 , Bill Booth started the Relative Workshop in a Miami garage .
Maxime Ras ( born 14 July 1988 in Chambray - lès - Tours , France ) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for Mulhouse .
Barnabas Enjoy ( born 10 May 1980 in the Cook Islands ) is a footballer who plays as a Defender .
Qiao Shi was born Jiang Zhitong ( 蔣志彤 ; Jiǎng Zhìtóng ) in December 1924 in Shanghai .
Tadas Karosas ( born 1963 in Vilnius ) is a businessman , serial entrepreneur , the founder and developer of e - commerce enterprises , the owner of holding company `` LTk Capital '' , the founder and owner of restaurants chain `` Čili Holdings '' .
Brett Halsey ( born Charles Oliver Hand on June 20 , 1933 , in Santa Ana , California ) is an American film actor , sometimes credited as Montgomery Ford .
John McCosh or John MacCosh or James McCosh ( Kirkmichael , Ayrshire , 5 March 1805 -- 18 January / 16 March 1885 ) was a Scottish army surgeon who made hobbyist photographs whilst serving in India and Burma .
Mark Ethridge ( born May 28 , 1949 ) is a novelist , screenwriter , and the president of Carolina Parenting , Inc. which publishes Charlotte Parent magazine and the parenting magazines in Greensboro / Winston - Salem / High Point and Raleigh / Durham / Chapel Hill .
Benoît Dorémus ( born 20 May 1980 , in Besançon ) is a French singer - songwriter .
Alexander McCall Smith was born in Bulawayo in the British colony of Southern Rhodesia ( present - day Zimbabwe ) , where his father worked as a public prosecutor .
Grimme was born in Goslar , Prussian Hanover , the son of Louise , née Sander ( 1858 - 1952 ) and Adolf Grimme ( 1854 - 1906 ) , a train station master .
Eliza Hittman is a screenwriter , producer , and director born and based in New York City .
Wharton Tiers ( born 1953 in Philadelphia ) is an American audio engineer , record producer , drummer and percussionist .
Simo Krunić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cимo Kpунић ; born January 13 , 1967 in Sarajevo ) is a Bosnian football manager and former player .
During the 1996 - -97 season , Ronaldo scored 47 goals in 49 games in all competitions , with his goal celebration invariably the same with his arms outstretched like the statue of Christ the Redeemer that watches over his native Rio de Janeiro .
Percy Cerutty was born in Prahran , a suburb of Melbourne , in 1895 .
Patricia Mayr - Achleitner ( née Mayr ; born 8 November 1986 in Rum ) is a retired Austrian tennis player .
Orhan Mustafi ( Macedonian : Орхан Мустафи ) ( born 4 April 1990 in Kumanovo , SR Macedonia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Swiss footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a striker .
Ayinde Barrister was born to the family of Salawu Balogun of Ibadan , his father was a butcher while his mother was a trader .
Meir Pichhadze ( August 16 , 1955 in Kutaisi , Georgia -- February 4 , 2010 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) was an Israeli artist and painter .
Ivan Mezhlauk was born in Kharkiv , in the Kharkov Governorate of the Russian Empire on 30 September 1891 .
A native of Zadar , Tomislav Ivčić became one of the most popular singers and songwriters during his appearances on 1970s pop music festivals .
Sarbel Michael was born and raised in Southgate , London , England , to a Cypriot father , Elias , himself a singer and bouzouki player , and a Lebanese Maronite mother , a lawyer .
Ali Akbar Abdolrashidi ( علی‌اکبر عبدالرشیدی ) ( born 1949 in Kerman ) is an Iranian intellectual , journalist , writer , traveler , translator , and university lecturer .
Wang Qishan was born in Qingdao , Shandong , but his ancestral hometown is considered Tianzhen , Shanxi .
Ferenc Móra was born in Kiskunfélegyháza , into a financially poor family .
Esad Erbili or Mehmed Esad Efendi was a shaykh of the Naqshi - Khalidi sufi order and brought a branch of the Naqshbandiyyah with him to Istanbul at the beginning of World War I.
Johann August Kaupert ( 9 May 1822 -- 11 February 1899 ) was a German topographer and cartographer born in Kassel .
José Darío Argüello ( 1753 - 1828 ) was born in Santiago de Querétaro , New Spain ( present day Mexico ) .
Žanna Juškāne ( born October 5 , 1989 in Rēzekne ) is a Latvian biathlete .
Lior Ashkenazi ( Hebrew : ליאור אשכנזי‎ ; born in 1969 in Ramat Gan ) is an Israeli screen and stage actor .
Attila Richard Lukacs and Michael Morris '' , Art Gallery of Alberta , Edmonton , AB .
Roger Smart ( born 25 March 1943 in Swindon ) is a retired football Inside Forward .
Jay Chamberlain ( December 29 , 1925 in Los Angeles , California -- August 1 , 2001 ) was a racing driver from the United States .
Honey Rose was born to Varkey and Rosily in a Syro - Malabar Nasrani family in Moolamattom , Thodupuzha .
Éric William N'Jo Léa ( born 15 July 1962 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a striker for Brest , Paris Saint - Germain , Lens and Caen .
Isabel Toledo was born in Cuba and moved to New Jersey where she attended high school and met her future husband and collaborator , Ruben Toledo , whom she married in 1984 .
Okon Flo Essien ( born December 31 , 1981 in Calabar , Cross River State ) is a Nigerian professional footballer .
Pavlo Lazarenko was born in a village of Karpivka ( Shyroke Raion ) that is located just outside a former Inhulets city ( today part of Kryvyi Rih ) on 23 January 1953 in peasant family ( gardener ) .
John E. Exner , Jr. ( 1928 -- February 20 , 2006 ) , born in Syracuse , New York , was an American psychologist .
Ernst Julius Theodor Korselt ( 24 November 1891 , Annaberg - Buchholz , Kingdom of Saxony -- 25 August 1943 ) was a German jurist , genealogist , and `` homeland researcher '' ( `` Heimatforscher '' ) .
Leo Feld ( 14 February 1869 , Augsburg - 5 September 1924 ) was an Austrian librettist , dramaturge , stage director , and writer .
Edward Gleason Spaulding ( 6 August 1873 -- 1940 ) was an American philosopher from Burlington , Vermont .
Shelly Mars ( born 1960 , Celina , Ohio ) is a performance artist , actor and printmaker based in New York .
George Courtney ( born 4 June 1941 ) is an English former football referee based in Spennymoor , County Durham .
Nick Toczek ( born 20 September 1950 ; Shipley , England ) is a British writer and performer working variously as poet , journalist , magician , vocalist , lyricist and radio broadcaster .
Aşir Atlı ( 1881 ; Kilis - October 23 , 1957 ; Istanbul ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army .
George Cabrera ( born 14 December 1988 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a striker .
Paula Stone ( January 20 , 1912 -- December 23 , 1997 ) was an actress in theater and motion pictures from New York City .
Statz Friedrich von Fullen was born in Eystrup to a noble family of Westphalian origin , which moved to Lüneburg .
Vladislavs Kozlovs ( born 30 November 1987 in Rēzekne ) is a Latvian footballer , who currently plays for FC Infonet in the Estonian Meistriliiga .
Edwin Alfred Howard ( July 6 , 1922 - November 3 , 1942)was born July 6 , 1922 in Phoenix , Arizona .
Fátima Bernardes ( born September 17 , 1962 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian journalist and TV presenter .
David Ngaihte ( born 16 December 1989 in Manipur ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a Winger for Shillong Lajong in the I - League .
Louis Cretey , formerly known as Pierre - Louis Cretey ( c.1635 , in Lyon - after 1702 ) , was a French baroque painter .
Joseph Deiss started his political career in 1981 as a representative of his party in the cantonal parliament of Fribourg .
Larisa Mikhalchenko ( Ukrainian : Лариса Михальченко ; born 16 May 1963 in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian former discus thrower .
Irena Sedlecká ( born September 7 , 1928 in Plzeň , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech sculptor and Fellow of the Royal British Society of Sculptors .
Carlo Mazzoni was born and lives in Milan .
William I , Count of Schwarzburg - Frankenhausen ( 4 October 1534 in Sondershausen -- 30 September 1597 in Straußberg , which is today part of Sondershausen ) , was the ruling Count of Schwarzburg - Frankenhausen from 1571 until his death .
Dr Vinya Ariyaratne is the General Secretary of Sarvodaya and also a lecturer in Community Medicine Faculty of Medical Sciences University of Sri Jayewardenepura in Sri Lanka .
Alois Kayser ( March 29 , 1877 in Lupstein / Alsace -- October 21 , 1944 in Chuuk ) was a German / French Roman Catholic missionary who spent almost 40 years on Nauru and wrote a Nauruan grammar ( and possibly a Nauruan language dictionary ) .
Andor Földes ( later Andor Foldes ; 21 December 1913 --9 February 1992 ) was an internationally renowned Hungarian pianist born in Budapest , who later took American citizenship .
Pat Kerrins ( born 13 September 1936 in Fulham , London ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as an outside left for Queens Park Rangers , Crystal Palace and Southend United .
James Siena was born in Oceanside , California in 1957 but lived and grew up in Washington D.C. until the age of 12 , when his family moved to California in 1969 .
Olli Dittrich ( born 20 November 1956 in Offenbach am Main ) is a German actor , comedian , television personality and musician .
Janet Peery ( born July 18 , 1948 Wichita , Kansas ) is an American short story writer and novelist .
Adelina Abranches ( August 15 , 1866 -- November 21 , 1945 ) was a Portuguese stage actress born in Lisbon .
Ruud ter Heide ( born 15 October 1982 in Enschede , Overijssel ) is a former Dutch footballer who currently plays for Hoofdklasse side SVZW .
Leo Burnett was born in St. Johns , Michigan , on October 21 , 1891 to Noble and Rose Clark Burnett .
Etheldred Benett was the eldest daughter of Thomas Benett ( 1729 - -1797 ) of Wiltshire and Catherine née Darell ( d. 1790 ) ; her brother , John ( 1773 - -1852 ) , was a member of Parliament for Wiltshire and later South Wiltshire from 1819 to1852 .
Luzio Luzi ( sometimes Luzzi or Luci ) , also known as Luzio Luzi da Todi and Luzio Romano ( died late 16th century ) , was an Italian painter of the Late Renaissance / Mannerism era .
John Hay Beith was born at Platt Abbey , Rusholme , Manchester , the third son and sixth child of John Alexander Beith , and his wife Janet , née Fleming .
Jon Newsome ( born 6 September 1970 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1989 until 2000 , notably in the Premier League for Sheffield Wednesday , Leeds United and Norwich City .
Pueyrredón was born in Buenos Aires , the fifth of eight sons of Juan Martín de Pueyrredón y Labroucherie , and his wife , María Rita Damasia O'Doggan y Soria .
Maria Koleva was born in Sofia , Bulgaria , and studied chemical engineering in the United States and Germany before emigrating to France in 1971 .
Jose Chavez y Chavez ( 1851 -- 1924 ) was an outlaw from the Mexican Territory , present day U.S. state of New Mexico He was said to be of Spanish - Native American ancestry .
John Tong Hon ( born 31 July 1939 ) is a Chinese cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Bishop of Hong Kong .
Henry Roe Cloud was born December 28 , 1884 , a member of the Bird Clan , on the Winnebago Reservation in northeastern Nebraska and was orphaned when his parents died in 1896 and 1897 .
Kurt Wünsche ( born 14 December 1929 in Obernigk ( present day Oborniki Śląskie in Poland ) ) is a former German politician who was twice Minister of Justice of the German Democratic Republic .
Christos Aravidis ( born 13 March 1987 ) is a striker currently playing in the Superleague for AEK Athens .
Li Xueying ( Chinese : 李雪英 ; pinyin : Lĭ Xǔeyīng ; born May 15 , 1990 in Henan ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Anna Holmlund ( born 3 October 1987 in Sundsvall ) is a Swedish Ski cross athlete with two World Cup victories .
Raphael Soyer and his identical twin brother , Moses , were born in Borisoglebsk , Tambov , a southern province of Russia in 1899 .
Rainer Frimmel ( born July 11 , 1971 , in Vienna ) is an Austrian director and photographer .
Mateusz Zaremba ( born 27 October 1984 , in Nowogard ) is a Polish handballer who plays for the Polish team Vive Targi Kielce and the Polish national team .
Fabrizio Mori ( born 28 June 1969 in Livorno ) is an Italian hurdler , best known for his gold medal at the 1999 World Championships .
Beppe Gambetta is an Italian musician born in Genoa in 1955 .
Willem Karel Dicke ( 15 February 1905 , Dordrecht -- 1962 , De Bilt ) was a Dutch paediatrician who was the first to develop the gluten - free diet and to show that in coeliac disease some types of flour cause relapse .
Yuri Floriani ( born 25 December 1981 , in Trento ) is an Italian steeplechase runner .
Nancy A. Moran ( born December 21 , 1954 , Dallas , Texas ) is an American evolutionary biologist , University of Texas Leslie Surginer Endowed Professor , and co - founder of the The Yale Microbial Diversity Institute .
John Raven was born on 13 December 1914 in Cambridge , the son of Charles Earle Raven , sometime Regius Professor of Divinity at Cambridge and Master of Christ 's College , Cambridge and of Margaret Wollaston .
Duncan Russell ( born 12 March 1958 in London , England ) was the manager of Conference National side Mansfield Town until 12 May 2011 when they decided not to renew his contract .
Mary Apick ( Persian : مری آپیک‎‎ ; born 1954 in Tehran ) is an Iranian - Armenian Stage , Television and Film actress .
Born in the west Ukrainian town of Stanislaviv ( since 1962 Ivano - Frankivsk ) to a Belarusian father and a Ukrainian mother , Svetlana Alexievich grew up in Belarus .
Harden M. McConnell was born on July 18 , 1927 , in Richmond , Virginia and his interest in science , particularly chemistry , began when he discovered a box of copper sulfate crystals in the basement of his home at the approximate age of 12 .
Meredith Michaels - Beerbaum ( born 26 December 1969 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American - born German equestrian who competes at the international level in show jumping .
Jürgen Gelsdorf ( born 19 January 1953 in Duisburg ) is a German football coach and former player who is currently youth teams coordinator at Bayer 04 Leverkusen .
Born in Funchal , João Diogo joined local C.S. Marítimo 's youth system in 1996 , at the age of 8 .
Robertino Pugliara ( born 21 February 1984 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in Indonesia Super League .
Norma González Camilde ( born 11 August 1982 , in Santander de Quilichao , Cauca ) is a Colombian sprinter .
Ernst Bacon was born in Chicago , Illinois , on May 26 , 1898 to Maria von Rosthorn Bacon ( sister of Alfons von Rosthorn and Arthur von Rosthorn ) and Dr. Charles S. Bacon .
Héctor Tobar ( born 1963 , Los Angeles ) is a Los Angeles author and journalist , whose work examines the evolving and interdependent relationship between Latin America and the United States .
Baba Kalyani was born on 7 January 1949 to Sulochana and Neelakanth Kalyani , a Pune based technocrat and maker of auto components .
Yiannis Melanitis ( Greek : Γιάννης Μελανίτης ) is a Greek conceptual artist , performance artist , sculptor , installation artist , digital artist , born in Athens in 1967 .
Christian Altinier ( born 15 February 1983 , in Mantua ) is an Italian football attacker who currently plays for Calcio Padova .
Josie d'Arby ( born Josephine Collins on 3 October 1972 ) is a Welsh actress , writer , director , and television presenter from Newport , Monmouthshire , Wales .
Born in Starkville , Mississippi , Hayes Jones was quite short for a hurdler ( only 5 feet and 10 inches ) , but his outstanding speed , great start , and nearly perfect technique won him many championship titles .
Letizia Bertoni ( Milan , 5 March 1937 ) is a former Italian hurdler .
Saeid Ebrahimi ( Persian : سعید ابراهیمی‎ , born 22 December 1982 in Nahavand ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Francesco Frattini ( born 18 January 1967 , in Varese ) is an Italian former road bicycle racer .
Craig Pollock ( born February 20 , 1956 in Falkirk , Scotland ) , is a businessman who was the manager of the Formula One driver Jacques Villeneuve throughout his top - level career , and team principal of the British American Racing team from 1999 to 2002 .
Michael Jerome Moore , known as Michael Jerome is a Wichita , Kansas - born African - American rock musician and drummer .
Justus van Gent or Joos van Wassenhove ( also : Justus or Jodocus of Ghent , or Giusto da Guanto ) ( c. 1410 -- c. 1480 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter who in his later life worked in Italy .
Martina Warren ( born 12 August 1983 in Romford , Havering ) is a pornographic and glamour model .
Boris Zakhoder was born to a Jewish family in Kagul ( now Cahul , Moldova ) and grew up in Moscow .
Stefano Pesoli ( born February 29 , 1984 in Anagni ) is an Italian footballer currently without a club .
Roy Hart studied English and Psychology at the Witwatersrand University , Johannesburg before coming to England to train as an actor at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art ( RADA ) .
Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna was born in Santiago , the son of Pedro Félix Vicuña and Carmen Mackenna Vicuña , and grandson of General Juan Mackenna , hero of the Chilean War of Independence .
Aleksey Pavlovitch Hansky ( Алексей Павлович Ганский ; 20 July 1870 , Odessa -- 11 August 1908 , Simeiz ) was a Russian astronomer .
Alois Kottmann ( * 1929 in Großauheim , Hesse ) is a German violinist , music pedagogue , university professor and patron .
Pedro Gil Gómez , better known as Pedro Gil ( born Sant Sadurní d'Anoia , Barcelona , 13 December 1980 ) , is a Spanish roller hockey player .
Shae Marks was born in New Orleans , Louisiana where she spent most of childhood .
John Pawson ( born 1949 , Halifax , England ) is a British architectural designer whose work is known for its minimalist aesthetic .
Percy Yutar was born in the Cape Town suburb of Woodstock of parents who had come to South Africa from the ghettos of Lithuania , like the majority of the country 's strong Jewish community .
Orazio Alfani ( c. 1510 -- 1583 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active in both Palermo and Perugia .
Born in the Kham region of Tibet in February 1939 , Chögyam Trungpa was eleventh in the line of Trungpa tülkus , important figures in the Kagyu lineage , one of the four main schools of Tibetan Buddhism .
The Harry M. Caudill Library located in Whitesburg , Kentucky , the main library of the Letcher County Public Library District , is named for Caudill .
Louis Ide ( born 3 July 1973 in Roeselare ) is a Belgian physician and politician affiliated to the N - VA .
Andrés Novales ( Manila , 1800 - -1823 ) was a Creole captain in the Spanish Army in the Philippines .
Bernard Anselme was born on 3 November 1945 in Mouscron , Wallonia to a postal worker .
Henry Littlejohn was born in Edinburgh in 1826 to Thomas Littlejohn , a confectioner of 33 Leith Street , and Isabella Duncan .
The youngest of the Group of Seven , Franklin Carmichael was born in 1890 in Orillia , Ontario .
Anton Pointner ( 8 December 1894 , in Salzburg -- 8 September 1949 , in Hintersee ) was an Austrian film actor .
La Serneta ( Jerez de la Frontera , 1837 -- Utrera , 1910 ) was a famous Spanish flamenco singer ( cantaora ) .
Vincenzo Mangiacapre ( born 17 January 1989 in Marcianise ) is an Italian light welterweight amateur boxer , who won Bronze at the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships and the 2012 Olympics .
George Condo ( born 1957 in Concord , New Hampshire ) is an American contemporary visual artist working in the mediums of painting , drawing , sculpture and printmaking .
Rhys Wilmot ( born 21 February 1962 in Newport ) is a former Welsh professional footballer and youth academy Goalkeeping Coach at Football League Two side Plymouth Argyle .
Michael Rothschild ( born August 2 , 1942 in Chicago , Illinois , United States ) is an American economist ; he is visiting professor at the Department of Economics of the University of California in Los Angeles ( UCLA ) and a former dean at Princeton .
Peter Keevash was born in Brighton , England , but mostly grew up in Leeds .
Charles Devlin was born in Ireland and migrated to the United States at the age of 27 .
Sergey Rabchenko ( birth name : Siarhei Rabchanka , born 23 February 1986 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian professional boxer .
David Oreck was born close to Duluth , Minnesota and attended the University of Minnesota Duluth .
Louis Fles was born in Maassluis , Netherlands on October 19 , 1871 to Jewish parents .
Tom Wills was born on 19 August 1835 on the Molonglo Plain near modern - day Canberra , in what was the British penal colony of New South Wales , as the elder child of Horatio and Elizabeth ( née McGuire ) Wills .
Abid Surti was born in a Muslim family on 5 May 1935 at Vavera near Rajula city , Gujarat , India to Gulam - hussain and Sakina Begum .
Andreas Goller ( 15 March 1976 , in Bolzano ) is an Italian sports manager and football players ' agent .
Youenn Gwernig was born in 1925 in the town of Scaër ( Brittany ) .
Zdeněk Liška was born on 16 March 1922 in Smečno near Kladno in central Bohemia .
Hugh Nibley was born in Portland , Oregon , a son of Alexander Nibley and Agnes Sloan .
Helen Rose was born on February 2 , 1904 to William Bromberg and Ray Bobbs in Chicago , Illinois of German and Russian descent .
The third son of Seventh - day Adventist missionary John Bunyan Lutuli and Mtonya Gumede , Albert Lutuli was born near Bulawayo in what was then called Rhodesia , around 1898 .
At the Futa pass , on the mountains over his native Barberino di Mugello , a monument is placed remembering him : a big bronze bas - relief portrait of him racing and the inscription which says : `` A Gastone Nencini .
Dr. Franz Heinrich Zitz ( November 18 , 1803 in Mainz -- April 30 , 1877 ) was a prominent Mainz attorney and enjoyed much success with women due to his comeliness .
Daniel Hubmann ( born 16 April 1983 in Eschlikon , Thurgau ) is a Swiss orienteering competitor , world champion in the long course and winner of the overall Orienteering World Cup in 2008 .
Aziz Ansari was born in Columbia , South Carolina , to a Tamil Muslim family from Tamil Nadu , India , however Ansari has described himself as an atheist .
Bartholomew Columbus ( Genoese dialect : Bertomê Corombo ; Spanish : Bartolomé Colón ; Italian : Bartolomeo Colombo ) ( c. 1461 -- 1515 ) was an Italian explorer from Genoa and the younger brother of Christopher Columbus .
Nevfel Cumart ( born May 31 , 1964 in Lingenfeld ) is a German author , lecturer , literary translator and journalist of Turkish descent .
William L. Lyons ( June 3 , 1857 -- June 2 , 1911 ) was mayor of Louisville , Kentucky from 1890 to 1891 .
Mark Damon was born Alan Harris in Chicago , Illinois , the son of a grocer .
Sohan Roy S K ( born in Aickarakonam village in Punalur , Kollam district , Kerala , India in 1967 ) is a naval architect and CEO of Aries Group of Companies .
Ruth Sahanaya ( born September 1 , 1966 in Bandung , West Java ) is an Indonesian pop singer .
Jaime Meline ( born March 2 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name El - P ( originally El Producto ) , is an American hip hop recording artist , record producer , rapper , and entrepreneur from Brooklyn , New York City .
Jon Randall Stewart ( born February 17 , 1969 in Dallas , Texas ) is an American country music singer , songwriter and musician .
Adrian Matejka ( born in Nuremberg , Germany ) is an African - American poet .
Born in New York , New York , Blanche Oelrichs spent summers in Newport , Rhode Island amidst the Astors , the Vanderbilts and numerous other wealthy elites of American society and the Gilded Age .
Hemant Goswami was born in Delhi on 30 June 1971 to an Indian Air Force officer and a teacher .
Jean - Pierre Jaussaud ( born June 3 , 1937 in Caen , Calvados ) is a French former racing driver , noted for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1978 and 1980 .
Joel Sequeira ( born 15 March 1988 ) in Goa is an Indian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for ONGC in the I - League .
Four years after the birth of Peter , a pregnant Margaret returned to England where Michael Hordern , her third son , was born on 3 October 1911 in Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire .
David Friesen ( born May 6 , 1942 ) is an American jazz bassist born in Tacoma , Washington .
James was the son of James Orrock , an Edinburgh dentist and druggist , living at 17 Elm Row at the top of Leith Walk .
E J - yong ( his preferred stylized , phonetic spelling ; more conventionally romanized as Lee Jae - yong ) was born in Daejeon , South Chungcheong Province in 1966 .
Laurinda de Jesus Cardoso Baleroni , better known by Laura Cardoso in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian actress .
André dos Santos Oliveira or simply Rancharia ( born February 26 , 1983 in Rancharia ) , is a Brazilian soccer player who plays as a central defender for Uberlândia Esporte Clube .
Stevie Smith , born Florence Margaret Smith in Kingston upon Hull , was the second daughter of Ethel and Charles Smith .
Paolla Oliveira was born in São Paulo , São Paulo state .
Karl Hopfner ( born 28 August 1952 ) is a football executive for Bayern Munich .
Jonathan - Raphaël Bischoffsheim ( 26 April 1808 , Mainz -- 5 February 1883 , Brussels ) was a Belgian banker , businessman and philanthropist .
Giuseppe La Spada ( Palermo , 1974 ) is an interdisciplinary artist inspired by nature , poetry and sound with a strong passion for systematic thinking .
Lionel Tiger lives in New York City , and regularly contributes to mainstream media such as Psychology Today and The New York Times .
Wilfred Lau Ho - Lung is a Hong Kong singer and actor .
Porter Emerson Browne was an American playwright ( June 22 , 1879 -- September 20 , 1934 ) , born Beverly , Massachusetts .
Hans Helmut Kornhuber ( 24 February 1928 in Königsberg - 30 October 2009 ) was a German Neurologist and Neurophysiologist .
Zeliha Şimşek , ( April 30 , 1981 in İskenderun , Hatay Province ) , is a Turkish women 's footballer and trainer .
Ivi Adamou was born on 24 November 1993 in Ayia Napa , Famagusta , to a Greek Cypriot father and a Bulgarian mother .
Rev. Marie C. Jerge ( born 1950s ) was elected in 2002 to a six - year tem as bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America 's ( ELCA ) Upstate New York Synod .
Felix Zollicoffer was born on a plantation in Bigbyville in Maury County , Tennessee , a son of John Jacob and Martha ( Kirk ) Zollicoffer .
Ada Jack Carver Snell ( April 7 , 1890 -- December 1 , 1972 ) was an American short story writer originally from Natchitoches , Louisiana .
Alexander Scourby was born in Brooklyn , New York on November 13 , 1913 , to Constantine Nicholas Scourby , a successful restaurateur , wholesale baker and sometime investor in independent motion - pictures , and Betsy Scourby ( née Patsakos ) , a homemaker , both of whom were immigrants from Greece .
Friedrich Gotthilf Osann ( August 22 1794 , in Weimar -- 30 November 1858 , in Giessen ) was a German classical philologist .
Jenny von Westphalen was born in Salzwedel to a prominent family of the Prussian aristocracy .
Shimshon Rozen was born and raised in the Arnona neighborhood of Jerusalem .
Alex Weisman ( born July 16 , 1987 in Davie , Florida ) is a stage actor , who is best known for his performance as Posner in TimeLine Theatre Company 's debut production of the play , The History Boys He is the younger brother of Robin Weisman .
Jerome Hellman ( born September 4 , 1928 New York City ) is an American film producer .
Nargis was born as Fatima Rashid in Calcutta , Bengal Presidency , India ( now Kolkata , West Bengal ) into a Punjabi Muslim family .
Geoffrey Chater ( born 23 March 1921 ) is an English actor who was born in Barnet , Hertfordshire .
Erica Alfridi ( born February 22 , 1968 in Tregnago , Veneto ) is a former Italian race walker .
Born in Tongchon County , Kangwon Province on 5 October 1942 , Ri Yong - ho joined the Korean People 's Army in August 1959 .
Zeng Chunlei ( Chinese : 曾春蕾 ; pinyin : Zéng Chūnlěi ; born 3 November 1989 in Beijing ) , is a Chinese volleyball player , who is a member of the Chinese women 's national team that participated at the London Olympic Games .
James Barnor was born in Accra , in what was then the Gold Coast , West Africa .
Mourad Daami ( Arabic : مراد الدعمي ; born August 15 , 1962 ) in Monastir is a retired Tunisian football referee .
Patrick Vallençant ( June 9 , 1946 in Lyon -- March 28 , 1989 ) was a French alpinist / skier and pioneer in ski mountaineering .
Mykola Biliashivsky ( 24 October , 1867 , Uman - 21 April 1926 , Kyiv ) was a Ukrainian Archeologist , ethnographer , and art historian .
Betty Heidler ( born 14 October 1983 in East Berlin ) is a German hammer thrower , and the former world record holder .
Andrea Gallandi ( born at Venice , 7 December 1709 ; died there 12 January 1779 , or 1780 ) was an Italian Oratorian and patristic scholar .
Amos Whitney ( October 8 , 1832 -- August 5 , 1920 ) was a mechanical engineer and Connecticut inventor born in Biddeford , Maine .
Donald Shebib ( born 17 January 1938 in Toronto ) , often called Don Shebib , is a Canadian film director , writer , producer and editor .
Alan McDermott ( born 22 January 1982 in Dublin ) is a retired Irish footballer who last played with Kildare County in the League of Ireland First Division .
Katherine , Crown Princess of Yugoslavia , also named Katherine Karađorđević ( Serbian : Катарина Карађорђевић ; née Batis , Greek : Μπάτης ; born in Athens on 13 November 1943 ) , is the wife of Alexander , Crown Prince of Yugoslavia .
Louis Mandrin was born at Saint - Étienne - de - Saint - Geoirs , Dauphiné , a border province , in 1725 .
Anna Nehrebecka - Byczewska ( born 16 December 1947 in Bytom ) is a Polish film actress and politician
Bambi Jones ( born 1931 ) , also known as Doris Kotzan was born in Holyoke , Massachusetts .
Hassan Ghalibaf Asl ( Persian : حسن قالیباف اصل‎ , was born 1969 in Maragheh , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian academic , Jurist , scholar and CEO of Tehran Stock Exchange .
Rami Jaffee ( born 11 March 1969 in Los Angeles ) , is best known as the keyboardist of the Wallflowers and work for several bands and artists , including Foo Fighters , Pete Yorn , Soul Asylum , Stone Sour , Joseph Arthur and Coheed and Cambria .
François Besch ( born 1963 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) is a Luxembourgish photographer and artist .
Adil Mansuri , born Farid Mohammed Gulamnabi Mansuri , was born in Ahmedabad on 18 May 1936 .
Gerhard Kerschbaumer ( born in Brixen ) is an Italian cross - country mountain biker .
Lee Andrews ( born 23 April 1984 in Carlisle , Cumbria ) is an English former professional footballer , currently playing for Workington in the Conference North .
Jimmy Barry ( March 7 , 1870 -- April 4 , 1943 ) was an Irish - American boxer from Chicago , Illinois .
Chester Gregory , also known as CHΞSS , is an American actor , singer and songwriter from Gary , Indiana .
John Goldwyn was born in Los Angeles , the son of producer Samuel Goldwyn , Jr. , and his wife , film and stage actress Jennifer Howard .
Arnor Angeli ( born 25 February 1991 in Brussels ) is a Belgian footballer who plays in midfield .
Roy Babbington ( born 8 July 1940 in Kempston , Bedfordshire , England ) is a rock and jazz bassist .
Michele Oka Doner ( born 1945 , Miami Beach , Florida ) is an American artist and author .
Georgy Tovstonogov was born in Tbilisi , Russian Empire ( now Georgia ) , or in St. Petersburg on September 28 , 1915 , to a Russian noble and a Georgian classical singer Tamara Papitashvili .
Sheela Lambert ( born 1956 in New York City ) is an American civil rights activist , and writer .
Keith A. Smith ( born 1938 in Tipton , Indiana ) is an American artist and author .
Sandra Annenberg ( born 5 June 1968 , in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian newscaster .
Manuel Felguérez was born on his family 's San Agustín del Vergel hacienda near Valparaíso , Zacatecas in 1928 .
Marina Dizon - Santiago ( July 18 , 1875 -- October 13 , 1950 ) a native of Tondo , Manila , was a heroine of the Philippine Revolution and one of the first women initiated into the Katipunan .
Peggy Beer ( born 15 September 1969 in East Berlin ) is a retired German heptathlete .
Carmen Covito ( born 14 November 1948 in Castellammare di Stabia , Province of Naples ) is an Italian writer and translator .
Peter Tilbury ( born 20 October 1945 , in Redruth , Cornwall , England ) , is a British actor and writer .
Marinus Dijkhuizen ( born 4 January 1972 , in ' s - Gravenzande ) is a Dutch football manager , coach and former player , currently manager of NAC Breda .
Batista ( birth name : Tomás Batista Encarnación ) was born and raised in Luquillo , Puerto Rico , a town located in the northeastern coast of Puerto Rico .
Alexander Burgener ( 1845 , Saas Fee -- 8 July 1910 , near the Berglihütte ) was a Swiss mountain guide and the first ascentionist of many mountains and new routes in the western Alps during the silver age of alpinism .
Sylvia Bourdon ( born 1949 in Cologne , Germany ) is a French activist who speaks four languages and is an expert in French art and design .
Stanislav Kitto ( born 30 November 1972 ) is a former professional footballer , who last played in Estonian Meistriliiga , for JK Trans Narva .
Sabina Shikhlinskaya ( Azerbaijani : Səbinə Şixlinskaya ) ; born April 26 , 1962 , Baku is an Azerbaijani artist and independent curator .
Griffin Yueh Feng was born Da Zichun in Shanghai , where he studied at the Asia Photography School , and starred in a film as an extra in 1929 .
Alen Muratović ( born October 23 , 1979 in Nikšić , Montenegro ) is a handball player from Montenegro .
Karl Westa was born in Norway and immigrated to the United States .
Raúl Enríquez Arámbula ( born May 20 , 1985 in Armeria , Colima ) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays for Dorados de Sinaloa as a striker .
Born near Washington , Wilkes County , Georgia , Robert Augustus Toombs was the fifth child of Catherine Huling and Robert Toombs .
Ralph Taeger was born in Richmond Hill , Queens to German - speaking parents .
Amy McKenzie ( born August 2 , 1959 in Appleton , Wisconsin ) is an American producer , director , and actress .
The Persian armies sent to crush the rebellion were repelled , allowing Davit Bek to establish an administrative center at the fortress of Halidzor near Kapan in the Syunik Province .
Michael Wachtler ( born February 2 , 1959 in Innichen , South Tyrol ) is an author and researcher from South - Tyrol .
Theodore Parker was born in Lexington , Massachusetts , the youngest child in a large farming family .
Robert Mends was born into a prominent Pembrokeshire family in the late 1760s , probably 1767 .
Jarosław Lindner ( born Jarosław Ciarczyński on 28 June 1988 in Gdańsk ) is a Polish footballer currently playing for SV Wehen Wiesbaden .
Samuel Jackson Pratt was born `` to a very respectable family '' on 25 December 1749 , in St Ives , Huntingdonshire .
Lucien Georges Bazor ( 1889 - -1974 ) was Chief Engraver at the Paris mint from 1930 to 1958 .
Fritz ter Meer was the son of Edmund ter Meer ( 1852 - -1931 ) , who founded the chemical company Teerfarbenfabrik Dr. E. ter Meer & Cie in Uerdingen , which in 1925 became part of IG Farben .
Paul John Carbo ( born Paolo Giovanni Carbo ; August 10 , 1904 -- November 9 , 1976 ) better known as `` Frankie Carbo '' was a New York City Mafia soldier in the Lucchese crime family , who operated as a boxing promoter and a gunman with Murder , Inc.
Heinz Isler was born in the municipality of Zollikon .
Martin Lidberg ( born 1 February 1973 , in Farsta in the south of Stockholm ) is a highly decorated Swedish wrestler .
Jean Soldini ( born 13 March 1956 in Lugano ) is a Swiss and French philosopher , art historian and poet .
Vola Vale ( February 12 , 1897 - October 17 , 1970 ) was a silent motion picture actress from Buffalo , New York .
Kaori Moriwaka ( 森若香織 , Moriwaka Kaori , born December 11 , 1963 in Sapporo , Hokkaido ) is a singer - songwriter and actress .
Daniel Janssen ( born Brussels 15 April 1936 ) is a Belgian businessman .
Martha Burton Woodhead Williamson ( 1843 - -1922 ) was an American malacologist who was born in England in 1843 .
Elspeth Gibson ( born 1963 in Nottingham ) is a British fashion designer , known for her feminine style of design .
David Lord was born on 18 October 1913 in Cork , Ireland , the son of Samuel ( a Warrant Officer in the Royal Welsh Fusiliers ) and Mary Lord .
Eric Rohmann ( born 1957 in Riverside , Illinois ) , is an American writer and illustrator of children 's books from Chicago .
José Carlos Chaves Innecken ( born 3 September 1958 in Atenas ) is a retired Costa Rican football player who played for Alajuelense .
Vyacheslav Mikhailovich Zaitsev ( Russian : Вячеслав Михайлович Зайцев ) , more commonly known as Slava Zaitsev ( Russian : Слава Зайцев ) , born 2 March 1938 in Ivanovo , Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic , is a Russian fashion designer , painter , graphic artist and theatrical costume designer .
Pietro Nobile was an Austro - Ungarian Neoclassicist architect and builder born in Capriasca , Svizzera , 11 November 1774 --
Peter Lönn ( born 13 July 1961 in Norrköping ) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a Defender .
Alice Joyce was born in Kansas City , Missouri , to John Edward and Vallie Olive McIntyre Joyce ( 1873 - -1938 ) .
Geronimo was born to the Bedonkohe band of the Apache , near Turkey Creek , a tributary of the Gila River in the modern - day state of New Mexico , then part of Mexico , though the Apache disputed Mexico 's claim .
Novica Joković , known as Nocko Joković ( born July 3 , 1973 in Silkeborg ) is a retired Danish professional football player of Serbian descent .
George Ganea ( born 26 May 1999 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Rapid București as a Striker .
Harianto ( born in Malang , East Java 26 October 1977 ) is an Indonesian footballer , he normally plays as a wing back and is 167 cm . Now in Persik he became the captain and team mascot .
Susanna Roxman ( born Pia Susanna Ellinor Roxman ) is an Anglophone writer , poet and critic born in Stockholm ; her father 's family is Scottish .
Edward Percy Moran ( `` Percy '' ) ( 1862 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- 1935 in New York City ) was an American artist known for his scenes of American history .
Elpidio Quirino was a native of Caoayan , Ilocos Sur although born in Vigan , Ilocos Sur to Don Mariano Quirino of Caoayan , Ilocos Sur and Doña Gregoria Mendoza Rivera of Agoo , La Union .
Kelly Metzger is a Canadian voice and theater actress , born in Edmonton and based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Andrea Palini ( born 16 June 1989 in Gardone Val Trompia ) is an Italian cyclist .
Born as Lillian Gertrude Michael in Talladega , Alabama , she reportedly graduated from high school at the age of 14 .
Fam Irvoll ( born 16 October 1980 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian fashion designer who is known for her colorful and playful creations for women .
Idy Chan Yuk Lin ( born 25 March 1960 ) is a popular Hong Kong TV actress , especially during the 1980s .
Charles Sydney Smith ( 26 January 1876 -- 6 April 1951 ) was born in Wigan , the ninth of eleven children born to Thomas Smith and Elizabeth née Sayer .
Dieter Lüst ( born 21 September 1956 in Chicago ) is a German physicist , full professor for mathematical physics at the Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich since 2004 and a director of the Max Planck Institute for Physics in Munich .
Ernst Kaltenbach ( born 7 February 1889 in Basel ; † 10 October 1995 ) was a Swiss footballer who played as a Midfielder .
Hüseyin Aygün ( born 20 October 1970 , Tunceli ) is a Turkish lawyer and politician of Zaza Alevi origin .
Caroline Brasch Nielsen was scouted in a pizza bar in Copenhagen , while she was eating with her friends .
Ed Pawlowski was born to small business owners in Chicago .
Leonardo Rimes da Cunha ( born 12 July 1979 in Rio de Janeiro ) , known simply as Leonardo , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a right back .
Richard Gurley Drew ( June 22 , 1899 -- December 14 , 1980 ) was an American inventor who worked for Johnson and Johnson , Permacel Co. , and 3 M in St. Paul , Minnesota , where he invented masking tape and cellophane tape .
Emiliano Tarana ( born 3 January 1979 in Casalmaggiore , Province of Cremona ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian third - division - side Feralpisalo .
Felix da Housecat ( born Felix Stallings Jr. , August 25 , 1971 , Chicago , Illinois ) is an American DJ and record producer , mostly known for house music and electroclash .
Joe Gold was the son of Abram Mordechai Goldglejt and Zelda Fieierman , residing in Boyle Heights , Los Angeles .
Bat Masterson was born on November 26 , 1853 , at Henryville , Canada East , in the Eastern Townships of what is Quebec today , and baptized as Bartholomew Masterson .
Anya Verkhovskaya ( aka Anya Verkhovskaya - Cohen ) is a Moscow - born ( circa 1969 ) consultant , chief operating officer , film producer , and activist .
Tom Scholz was born in Toledo , Ohio and raised in the suburb of Ottawa Hills .
Thomas Linden Neff , known as Tom Neff , is a film executive , director and producer , born in Chicago , Illinois .
Aurieyall Scott ( born May 18 , 1992 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American sprinter who specializes in the 60 and 100 meter dash ( indoor ) and 100 , 200 , and 400 meter dash ( outdoor ) .
Mao Yushi ( Chinese : 茅于轼 ; born 14 January 1929 in Nanjing , Jiangsu ) is a Chinese economist .
Henri - François Gautrin ( born July 30 , 1943 in Béthune , France ) is a Quebec politician , professor and physicist .
Lamine Diawara ( born 1971 in Bamako ) is a Malian basketball player with Al Ittihad Aleppo in Syria .
Giovanni Vincenzo Zerbi was a 17th - century Italian painter of the Baroque period , who was mainly active in Genoa as a portrait artist .
Nicholas Bell ( born 15 August 1958 in Huddersfield , West Riding of Yorkshire ) is an English actor who has worked in Australia for more than 20 years .
Richard Lerman ( Dec 5 , 1944 in San Francisco , CA ) is a composer and sound artist whose , `` work ... centers around his custom - made contact microphones of unusually small size , '' including , `` piezo disks and other transducers '' .
Austin Watson was born January 13 , 1992 , in Ann Arbor , Michigan , where he grew up with his father and mother , Mike and Mary Watson .
Karl Ritter von Stremayr ( 30 October 1832 , Graz - 22 June 1904 , Pottschach ) was an Austrian statesman .
Bruno Ganz was born in Zürich , to a Swiss mechanic father and a northern Italian mother .
Matthijs Harings ( 1593 in Leeuwarden -- 1667 in Leeuwarden ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Gregor Thum ( born 2 May 1967 in Munich , Bavaria ) is a German historian of Central and Eastern Europe .
Kalli Purie has mentioned in her book , Confessions of a Serial Dieter , that she studied at Modern School , New Delhi , and graduated from Oxford University in Politics , Philosophy & Economics .
George Maharis ( born September 1 , 1928 in Astoria , Queens , New York City , New York ) is an American actor who portrayed Buz Murdock in the first three seasons of the TV series Route 66 .
Sruthi Jose with the stage name Sruthi Lakshmi is born on 8 September 1990 to Jose and cine actress Lissy Jose at Kannur .
Manuel Delgado Villegas was born in Seville , Spain on January 25 , 1943 , the son of José Delgado Martín .
César Alexandre Debelle ( Voreppe , Isère , 27 November 1770 - 19 July 1826 ) was a French general .
Michaël Bultheel ( born 30 June 1986 in Ypres ) is a Belgian athlete specialising in the 400 metres hurdles .
Breyten Breytenbach was born in Bonnievale , Western Cape , approximately 180 km from Cape Town and 100 km from the southernmost tip of Africa at Cape Agulhas .
Born in Billericay , Essex on 27 August 1910 to Percy and Florence Burdick Izzard , Ralph Izzard was the youngest of the couple 's two children .
Mick Smyth ( born 13 May 1940 in Dublin ) was an Irish soccer player who played for Drumcondra , Shamrock Rovers , Bohemians and Athlone Town in the League of Ireland throughout the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s and had a short spell in England with Barrow in the early 1960s .
Steve Bracks was born in Ballarat , where his family owns a fashion business .
Mohammad Mehdi Zahedi ( born in 1953 Kerman ) is an Iranian politician and was the former minister of science and technology in Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's first cabinet from 2005 to 2009 .
Mal Walden ( born 20 May 1945 ) is a former Australian journalist and television news presenter based in Melbourne .
Alison Sydor ( born September 9 , 1966 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a retired Canadian professional cross country mountain cyclist .
Oddvar Barlie ( born 24 June 1929 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian sport wrestler .
Dirk von Zitzewitz ( born October 14 , 1968 in Eutin ) is a German professional racing driver and motorcyclist , most notable for being on the winning team of the 2009 Dakar Rally alongside Giniel de Villiers .
Zuhal Topal ( born 23 September 1976 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish actress and TV presenter .
Vezio Sacratini ( born September 12 , 1966 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a retired Italian - Canadian ice hockey player .
Elmyr de Hory ( born Elemér Albert Hoffmann ; Budapest , April 14 , 1906 - Ibiza , December 11 , 1976 ) was a Hungarian - born painter and art forger who is said to have sold over a thousand forgeries to reputable art galleries all over the world .
Susanne Juranek ( born 25 February 1975 in Brake , Lower Saxony ) is a German cyclist born in Brake a. d. Unterweser but spend her childhood and teenager age in Goslar where she began mountainbiking .
Julius Jucikas ( born 20 October 1989 in Šilutė , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for BC Dzūkija of the Lithuanian Basketball League ( LKL ) .
Candice Pinto was born in Mumbai , India into a Catholic family .
Margaret Whitton ( born November 30 , 1950 ) is an American stage , film and television actress , originally from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Robert Brett Lunger ( born November 14 , 1945 in Wilmington , Delaware ) is a former racecar driver from the United States .
Having been born in Dillingen and raised in Augsburg , where his father Konrad Roth ( died 1637 ) worked as Doctor utriusque iuris for the Prince - Bishopric , from 1635 to 1639 Heinrich Roth studied Rhetoric at the University of Dillingen and Philosophy at the Jesuit college in Innsbruck .
Flip Mark ( born Philip Mark Goldberg in New York City on December 22 , 1948 ) is an American former child actor , active primarily from 1959 - 1969 .
Thomas Chilcot of Bath , Somerset was born in the West of England ( probably Bath ) in or about 1707 .
Richard Rossi ( born March 2 , 1963 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American filmmaker , actor , producer , novelist , musician , writer , talk radio host , and a former evangelical minister , church planter , and healing evangelist .
Born in Avilés in Asturias , son of a painter with the same name , Juan Carreño de Miranda .
Danny Rombley ( born November 26 , 1979 in Amersfoort ) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for Kinheim and the Dutch national team .
Chetan Bhagat was born in Delhi in a Punjabi family , his father was an army officer and his mother was a government employee in the agricultural department .
Eric Sardinas ( born November 10 , 1970 ) is an American blues - rock slide guitarist born in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Christian Chevallier ( Angers , 12 July 1930 - 14 September 2008 ) was a French songwriter , arranger , and jazz orchestra leader .
Karl Emil Lindgren ( born 4 May 1985 in Falun ) is a Swedish professional mountain biker .
Domenico Antonio Mele ( Acquaviva delle Fonti , 16 July 1647 --1720 ; ... ) was an Italian physician , poet and librettist .
Simon Climie ( born 7 April 1957 in London ) is a songwriter / producer and the former lead singer of the UK pop duo Climie Fisher
Thijs Libregts ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈtɛi̯s lɪbˈrɛxts ) , born 4 January 1941 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch football coach and former player , who played professionally in the 1950s .
Chaim Yehuda Leib Auerbach ( 1883 -- 26 September 1954 ) was a Haredi rabbi and roshei yeshiva of Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva , a landmark Jerusalem institution specializing in Talmudic and kabbalah studies for Ashkenazi scholars that he helped found in 1906 .
František Kriegel was born in Stanislau ( today Ivano - Frankivsk ) , Austria - Hungary ( present Ukraine ) to the family of a Jewish builder .
Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi donated the golden star from her film academy award to the Aungzabu Tawya Monastery in Hmawbi , Yangon on February 1 , 2015 .
Brian Perez ( born 16 September 1986 ) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Lincoln Red Imps and the Gibraltar national team , where he plays as a Midfielder .
Born in Derma , Mississippi , Glenn Hardin was the world 's dominant 400 m hurdler in the 1930s and was equally tough in the 400 m flat race .
Hamish Milne ( born 27 April 1939 , Salisbury ) is a British pianist known for his advocacy of Nikolai Medtner .
Nasim Hasan Shah was born in Lahore to Syed Mohsin Shah , an eminent advocate and political activist .
Chaley Rose Jackson was born and raised in the city of Columbus , Indiana .
Dr. Robert Lado ( May 31 , 1915 , Tampa , Florida - December 11 , 1995 , Washington ) was an American expert on modern linguistics .
Born in Alba Pompeia in Italy , the son of freedman Helvius Successus , originally Pertinax made his way as a grammaticus ( teacher of grammar ) , but he eventually decided to find a more rewarding line of work and through the help of patronage he was commissioned an officer in a cohort .
Paul Hanmer ( born 1961 , Cape Town ) is a South African composer , pianist and one of its foremost jazz musicians .
Edgars Lipsbergs ( born June 9 , 1989 in Riga , Soviet Union ) is a Latvian ice hockey forward , currently playing for HK Riga of Minor Hockey League .
Ionuț Matei ( born 2 July 1984 in Bacău ) is a Romanian football player , who is a free agent .
Andrey Shtygel ( Belarusian : Андрэй Штыгель ; Russian : Андрей Штыгель ; born 22 June 1994 ) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Lida on loan from Neman Grodno .
Dontae Richards - Kwok ( born March 1 , 1989 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian sprinter of Chinese - Jamaican descent .
Chad Henry was born on October 9 , 1946 in Seattle , Washington to Robert , a drama teacher , and June ( nee Condit ) , a human services coordinator .
Silviu Ilie ( born 27 June 1988 in Galați ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a left - winger .
Jaswant Singh Bishnoi was a member of 13th Lok Sabha and14th Lok Sabha from Jodhpur constituency .
Lambert Orkis ( born 1946 , Philadelphia ) is an American United States - based internationally accomplished classical pianist .
Angie Everhart was born on September 7 , 1969 in Akron , Ohio , the daughter of homemaker Ginnie and engineer Bob Everhart .
Vincent Dethier was born on 20 February 1915 in Boston , Massachusetts , one of the four children of Jean Vincent and Marguerite ( Lally ) Dethier .
Nahum Tate was born in Dublin and came from a family of Puritan clergymen .
Son of Nirmalananda Sengupta and Ranibala Devi , Barun Sengupta was born in Barisal ( now in Bangladesh ) .
Lagle Parek ( born 17 April 1941 in Pärnu ) is an Estonian stateswoman .
Melba Moore was born in 1945 in New York City , New York , to Gertrude Melba Smith ( known professionally as Bonnie Davis ) and Teddy Hill , and raised in Harlem , New York , until she was 9 and her divorced mother remarried jazz pianist Clement Leroy Moorman .
Euphraeus ( Ancient Greek : Εὐφραῖος ; fl . c. 4th century BCE ; d. ca . 342 BCE/341 BCE ) was a philosopher and student of Plato from the town of Oreus in northern Euboea .
Jacob Bremer was born on 19 June 1711 in Västerås , Sweden , to Isak Bremer and Anna Hult .
Sergei Kramarenko was born on 23 April 1923 in the village of Kalinovka in Sumskaya province , Ukraine , the eldest of three sons of Makar Kramarenko and Nadezhda Galkovskaya .
Albert Rust was born in 1818 in Fauquier County , Virginia ; his exact birth date is not known .
Alan R. Moon ( born 18 November 1951 ) is an author of board games , born in Southampton , England , and currently living in the United States .
Philip Brophy , born in Reservoir , Melbourne 1959 is an Australian musician , composer , sound designer , filmmaker , writer , graphic designer , educator and academic .
Katharine Kerr was born in Cleveland , Ohio ; her maiden name is Katharine Nancy Brahtin .
Nicola Roberts was born on 5 October 1985 in Stamford , Lincolnshire when her mother was 17 .
Russel Farnham was born in Massachusetts in 1784 and left home to join one of two expeditions organized by John Jacob Astor to establish the Pacific Fur Company at the mouth of the Columbia River .
Martin Schirenc ( born December 18 , 1968 in Vienna ) is an Austrian guitarist and vocalist , best known as a founder of death metal / grindcore band Pungent Stench and symphonic death metal band Hollenthon .
Edmund Elias Merhige , known as E. Elias Merhige ( born June 14 , 1964 ) , is an American film director born in Brooklyn .
Born in Belém , Mimi Sodré started his career in 1908 , defending Botafogo , leaving the club in 1916 .
Aleksandra Ivošev ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александра Ивошев , born March 17 , 1974 in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian sport shooter .
Ryan Townsend ( born 2 September 1985 , Manchester , England ) is an Australian footballer .
Matt Groenwald ( born April 30 , 1983 in Park Ridge , Illinois ) is an American soccer player who last played defender for the Kansas City Wizards of Major League Soccer .
Lincoln Wolfenstein ( February 10 , 1923 , Cleveland , Ohio - March 27 , 2015 , Oakland , California ) was an American particle physicist who studied the weak interaction .
Romano Tozzi Borsoi ( born 16 February 1979 in Rome ) is an Italian footballer , who currently plays for Sambenedettese .
Frederik Krabbe ( born 10 March 1988 in Aabyhøj ) is a Danish professional football player , who made his debut at the age of 17 for the Danish Superliga club Aarhus Gymnastik Forening .
Jean - Luc Crétier ( born April 28 , 1966 in Albertville , Savoie ) is a retired alpine ski racer .
Mario Vargas Llosa was born to a middle - class family on March 28 , 1936 , in the Peruvian provincial city of Arequipa .
Héracles Paiva Aguiar , better known as Héracles ( born September 18 , 1992 in Caucaia ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ceará as a left back .
A native of Sennwald , Anna Göldi arrived in Glarus in 1765 .
Ndabenkulu Ncube ( born August 2 , 1988 in Harare ) is a Zimbabwean association footballer .
Herbert Croly was born in New York City in 1869 to journalists Jane Cunningham Croly -- better known by her pseudonym `` Jenny June''--and David Goodman Croly .
Giulio Bernardi ( born July 6 , 1960 in San Jose , California ) was an American soccer defender who spent two seasons in the American Soccer League , one in the United Soccer League and several in Major Indoor Soccer League .
Ruben Cantu grew up with his mother and father , until the age of 14 , when the couple split up , with Ruben 's mother moving 20 miles ( 30 km ) away , and Ruben and his father continuing to live in a trailer in a crime - ridden south San Antonio barrio .
Frances Courtenay Baylor Barnum ( January 20 , 1848 , Fort Smith , Arkansas -- October 19 , 1920 , Winchester , Virginia ) was an American author of fiction .
Kenneth Bi ( born March 4 , 1967 ) is a Hong Kong - born Canadian filmmaker .
Giuseppe Zeno was born in Naples , Campania , but he lived in Ercolano and in Vibo Marina .
Tim Christensen ( born 2 July 1974 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish singer / songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
William Sublette was born near Stamford , Lincoln County , Kentucky .
Bennie Maupin ( born August 29 , 1940 ) is a Detroit Michigan jazz multireedist .
Jean - Christophe Potton ( Lyon , 13 December 1960 ) is a French diplomat .
Nijolė Sabaitė ( born August 12 , 1950 in Raseiniai , Lithuanian SSR ) is a retired Lithuanian middle distance runner who represented internationally the USSR .
Benjamin Longue ( born 3 December 1980 ) in Nouméa , New Caledonia is a footballer who plays as a Defender .
Bruno Reichlin ( born February 10 , 1941 in Lucerne ) , Swiss architect .
Gottlieb Ott ( 1832 , Worb -- 4 December 1882 ) was a Swiss building contractor .
Natalia Verbeke Leiva , ( born February 23 , 1975 in the neighborhood of Caballito , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a Spanish actress , of Argentine and Flemish origin .
Joe Souza ( born Joe Bartosiewicz , October 5 , 1970 in Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania ) , is an actor and singer .
A product of Hajduk Split academy , Krasimir Balakov handed Antonio Milić his first team minutes in the Croatian Cup match against Jadran Gunja but his first league appearance came off the bench on 26 November 2011 , in a 2 - 1 won over Šibenik , aged just 17 years , 8 months and 16 days .
Joseph Jean Stéphen Henri Azéma ( born Saint - Denis , October 18 , 1861 ) was a Réunionnais doctor .
Jochen Horst ( born September 7 , 1961 in Osnabrück ) is a German film , TV and theater actor .
Philip Candelas , FRS ( born 24 October 1951 , London , UK ) is a British physicist and mathematician and a fellow of Royal Society .
Kai Althoff ( born 1966 in Cologne ) is a German visual artist and musician .
Brett Simon ( born November 28 , 1973 in Palo Alto , California ) is an American commercial , music video and film director .
Kerry Stokes was born John Patrick Alford on 13 September 1940 in Melbourne , and was adopted out to Matthew and Irene Stokes .
Jean Cotelle , ' the younger ' ( 1642 - -1708 ) was a painter and engraver , born in Paris .
Jacques Rousselot ( born 6 December 1949 in Pont - Saint - Vincent ) is a French businessman and the president of French football club AS Nancy having served in this role since 1994 .
Hamid Ashraf was born in Tehran to an educated middle - class family .
Samuel Schmid ( born 8 January 1947 in Rüti bei Büren , Canton of Bern ) is a Swiss politician who was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 2000 to 2008 .
As a child of an American officer stationed in Germany , Bill Biggart was born in Berlin in 1947 .
Yuval Naim grew up and played as a Centre - back in the youth academy of Hapoel Ramat Gan and in the mid-80 's he was selected to the senior squad , where he received the number 5 , and in 1989 , he was a partner in their promotion to Liga Leumit , first division at the time .
Ali Sait Akbaytogan , also known as Ali Said Pasha ( 1872 ; Manyas -- 20 March 1950 ; Ankara ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Robert Miano was born in New York City and raised in the Southeast Bronx area .
Pierre Hantaï ( born 28 February 1964 , Paris ) is a French conductor and harpsichordist .
Soji Kashiwagi ( born in 1962 in Oakland , California ) is a Sansei ( third - generation Japanese American ) journalist , playwright and producer .
Frederick Curtice Davis , born 21 October 1915 in Rock County , Wisconsin , enlisted in the Naval Reserve 7 July 1939 and was commissioned ensign 4 September 1940 .
Gary Go also did special performances at Apple Inc. shops in London and New York , where he performed tracks with the iPhone and described how he used it as a composition tool .
Helmut Türk ( born 24 April 1941 in Linz ) is an Austrian jurist and a judge at the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea .
Jajang C. Noer ( also known as Jajang Pamuntjak , born as Lidia Djunita Pamontjak on June 28 , 1952 in Paris , France ) is an Indonesian actress and film producer .
Griffin Guess ( born September 8 , 1979 , in San Diego , California ) is an American music producer and talent manager .
Walter Delle Karth Jr. ( Alternate listings : Walter delleKarth , Walter Delle - Karth ; born August 11 , 1946 in Innsbruck , Tyrol ) is an Austrian bobsledder who competed from the early 1970s to the mid-1980s .
Boris Lyatoshinsky was born 3rd , 1895 in Zhytomyr , in the Russian Empire ( now Ukraine ) .
Tomáš Galásek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtomaːʃ ˈɡalaːsɛk ) ; born 15 January 1973 in Frýdek - Místek ) is a Czech former football player and current manager who is the head coach of SpVgg SV Weiden .
Frederick Gale Ruffner , Jr. was an American publisher born in Akron , Ohio on August 26 , 1926 .
Jonathan Garcia was born December 14 , 1986 , and grew up in Katy , Texas , in the Houston metropolitan area .
Chen Liansheng ( Chinese : 陈连晟 ; Pinyin : Chén Liánshèng , born 21 February 1991 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League .
Giuseppe Mascitelli was born in Porto San Giorgio , a small town in Marche overlooking the Adriatic sea .
Born in Hathwala , a small village in Karnal District , Haryana , to Bhim Sain and Padma Tyagi , Manju Jaidka spent much of her childhood in Ambala where she studied in Convent of Jesus and Mary .
Edward Berger ( born 1970 in Wolfsburg ) is a German director and screenwriter .
Mark Dudley ( born 29 January 1990 in Doncaster , England ) is a professional footballer , currently playing for Conference North side Rainworth Miners Welfare .
Callimachus ( /kæˈlɪməkəs/ ; Greek : Καλλίμαχος , Kallimachos ; 310/305 - -240 BC ) was a native of the Greek colony of Cyrene , Libya .
Antónia Moreira de Fátima nicknamed Faia ( born 26 April 1982 in Luanda ) is an Angolan judoka .
Alicyn Packard ( born September 27 , 1979 ; Boston , Massachusetts ) is an American voice actress , writer and singer nominated for a 2014 Voice Arts Award .
Kim Zolciak was born in Pensacola , Florida , to a military family , and grew up in Windsor Locks , Connecticut .
Harriet Sansom Harris was born in Fort Worth , Texas , one of two sisters .
Lauren Booth ( born Sarah Jane Booth ; 22 July 1967 , Islington , London ) is an English broadcaster , journalist and activist .
Squire Albert Warburton ( 26 January 1856 -- 24 November 1925 ) was an English footballer in the Victorian era , born in Oldham , Lancashire .
Joanna Murray - Smith ( born 17 April 1962 ) is a Melbourne based Australian playwright , screenwriter , novelist , librettist and newspaper columnist .
Joseph Hirsch Weiss ( Hungarian : Weiss ( Weisz ) József ; 1800 , Podola ( Slovak : Podolie ) , Nyitra vármegye , Hungary -- 1881 , Erlau ( German : Erlau ) ) was a Hungarian rabbi .
Linouse Desravine ( born 10 February 1991 in Cap - Haïtien ) is a Haitian judoka who competes in the women 's 52 kg category .
Suranga Chandratillake ( born 1977 in Kandy , Sri Lanka ) is the founder and president of blinkx.com , an Internet video search engine .
Edna O'Brien was born in 1930 at Tuamgraney , County Clare , Ireland , a place she would later describe as `` fervid '' and `` enclosed . ''
Billel Omrani ( born 2 June 1993 in Forbach ) is a French football player who currently plays as a striker for Arles - Avignon , on loan from Marseille .
Ehsan Lashgari ( Persian : احسان لشگرى‎‎ , born August 30 , 1985 in Qazvin ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Wolfram Grandezka ( born on 17 December 1969 in Saalfeld , Thuringia ) is a German actor .
Jim Rilatt ( born 1963 in Portland ) is an American soccer coach who is currently the head coach of the Portland Timbers U23 's in the USL Premier Development League ( PDL ) .
Yahia Turki , ( يحيى التركي‎ ) , born Yahia Ben Mahmoud El Hajjem in 1903 in Istanbul , Turkey , died 1 March 1969 , was a Tunisian painter described as the `` father of Tunisian painting '' .
Andrei Chikatilo was born in the village of Yabluchne in the Sumy Oblast of the Ukrainian SSR .
Robin Bell ( born 16 November 1977 in Cape Town ) is a South African - born , Australian slalom canoeist who competed from the late 1990s to the late 2000s .
Julian Nava was born in Los Angeles , California , to Mexican immigrants in 1927 , and was one of 8 siblings .
William J. Le Moyne ( sometimes spelled Lemoyne or LeMoyne ) was born on April 29 , 1831 in Boston , Massachusetts where he began performing in amateur theater productions at around the age of fifteen .
Laurence Haddon ( 1922 - May 10 , 2013 ) was an American actor , born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Niko Hurme ( born 10 November 1974 , Karkkila ) , whose stage name is Nick Gore is a Finnish bass guitarist in the glam metal band Stala & so .
Masafumi Hirai ( 平井 正史 , born April 21 , 1975 in Uwajima , Ehime Prefecture ) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher .
Desiree Coleman Jackson aka Dez ( born September 12 , 1966 ) , Jamaica , Queens , New York , is an American vocalist and actress .
Ian Paice appeared at the Pearl Day ( Pearl drums event ) which was held on 1 June 2008 at the East Midlands Conference Centre in Nottingham , UK .
Joanne Andraca ( born July 10 , 1988 in Hyères ) is a French swimmer , who specialized in individual medley events .
Jeff Butler ( born February 26 , 1958 , in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American illustrator and comic book artist .
Alfred Bickel , also referred to as Fredy Bickel ( 12 May 1918 in Eppstein , Germany -- 18 August 1999 ) was a Swiss football player and coach .
Juan Carlos Eguren Neuenschwander ( born 1 April 1965 , in Arequipa ) is a Peruvian politician ( PPC ) .
Nemanja Obrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Обрић ; born April 15 , 1984 in Sombor ) is a Serbian football Midfielder .
A native of Halifax , Nova Scotia , Karen Walton wrote the film Ginger Snaps , for which she won a Best Film Writing Canadian Comedy Award in 2002 .
Rob Britton ( born September 22 , 1984 in Regina ) is a Canadian cyclist currently riding for ( Rally Cycling ) ) .
Misha Rachlevsky ( * 13 November 1946 , Moscow ) is a Russian conductor .
Will Hoge ( born November 14 , 1972 ) is a Grammy - nominated American Americana country music singer , songwriter , and musician from Nashville , Tennessee , United States .
Marcello Melo Jr. ( born Marcelo Araújo de Melo Junior on November 1 , 1987 in Nova Iguaçu , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian actor , singer , song - writer , musician and model .
Urs Freuler ( born 6 November 1958 in Bilten , Canton of Glarus ) is a Swiss cyclist , who raced professionally between 1980 and 1997 , during which he won 124 victories .
Cédric Aristide N’Doumbé Bosso ( often erroneously reported as Cédric N'Doumbé ) ( born 11 October 1990 in Yaoundé ) is a Cameroonian professional football player .
Touriya Jabrane ( Arabic : ثريا جبران‎ -- born Saadia Kraytif Arabic : السعدية قريطيف‎ ; 16 October 1952 , Casablanca ) is a Moroccan theatre director , actress and politician .
Jeremy Lusk ( November 26 , 1984 -- February 10 , 2009 ) was an American freestyle motocross racer from San Diego , California .
Sam Irvin ( born and raised in Asheville , North Carolina ) is a film and television director , producer , screenwriter , actor , author and film teacher .
Sheila Jordan grew up in Summerhill , Pennsylvania , before returning to her birthplace of Detroit , Michigan in 1940 , playing the piano and singing semi - professionally in jazz clubs .
Wan Gang ( simplified Chinese : 万钢 ; traditional Chinese : 萬鋼 ; pinyin : Wàn Gāng , born August 1952 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese expert on automobiles , former president of Tongji University ( 2002 - -2007 ) and the Minister of Science and Technology of PRC .
Karl Johann Kiessling ( February 6 , 1839 -- July 22 , 1905 ) was a German physicist , mathematician , and botanist born in Culm ; today Chełmno , Poland .
Richard Tandy ( born 26 March 1948 , Birmingham , England ) , is an English musician , best known as the keyboardist in the rock band Electric Light Orchestra ( `` ELO '' ) .
Bryan Lewis Saunders ( born 1969 , in Washington , D.C. ) is a performance artist , videographer , and performance poet known for his disturbing spoken word rants , tragic art performances and Stand up tragedy .
Jim Shirra ( born 10 June 1950 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who spent the majority of his career playing for Falkirk , where he made over 180 league appearances and scored 27 goals .
Chi In - jin ( Korean : 지인진 , Hanja : 池仁珍 , born July 18 , 1973 , in Seoul ) is a South Korean former boxer in the featherweight division .
Anita Cochran was born in South Lyon , Michigan , into a family that enjoyed listening to country music .
Pierre Gibaud ( born April 22 , 1988 in Laval ) is a French professional football player currently playing in the Ligue 2 for Sochaux .
Andreas Lie ( born 31 August 1987 in Ålesund ) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who has played 23 games for Aalesund .
James Hack Tuke ( 13 September 1819 -- 13 January 1896 ) was born at York , England , the son of Samuel Tuke .
Ulrich Reimers ( born 17 March 1952 in Hildesheim ) is an electrical engineer and is regarded as a pinoneer of digital television .
Although his family home was at Dunglass , Haddingtonshire ( now East Lothian ) , Basil Hall was born in Edinburgh , Scotland , UK .
Jerrel Feller ( born June 9 , 1987 in Heemskerk ) is a Dutch athlete who specialises in the 100 meter relay .
Beka Tsiklauri ( born Tbilisi , February 9 , 1989 ) is a Georgian Rugby Union player .
Hermann von Kuhl was born in Koblenz , Rheinpreußen ( Rhenish Prussia ) , the son of a high school teacher .
Rusdi Genest ( RCA ) ( born 1939 in Sherbrooke , Quebec ) is a Quebec sculptor known for his symbolic surrealistic art bronzes by lost - wax casting process and for his hand - pressed mural reliefs in fine art papermaking .
Sherri Hill ( born 1949 , Oklahoma , USA ) is an American fashion designer and businesswoman whose specialty is formal evening wear .
Marianne Martin ( born November 1 , 1957 in Fenton , Michigan ) is an American road racing cyclist .
Charles James Phillips ( 15 May 1863 -- 2 June 1940 ) of London , England , and New York City , was a philatelist highly regarded in both England where he started his philatelic career and in the United States , where he emigrated to in 1922 .
Fabio Cusaro ( born 20 November 1984 in Novara ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Tritium in Lega Pro Prima Divisione , Italian football 's third tier , on loan from Serie B side , Cesena .
Sherrie Eugene - Hart is a sign language interpreter and TV presenter based in the West of England and has held the position of Governor at University of the West of England and The City Academy Bristol .
Aniello Cutolo ( born 19 May 1983 in Naples ) is an Italian football striker .
Paolo Dal Soglio ( born 29 July 1970 in Schio ) is an Italian shot putter .
Berthran Haktam or English name Bernard Hagan ( born April 4 , 1985 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer .
Myron of Eleutherae ( Ancient Greek : Μύρων ) working c. 480 BC - 440 BC , was an Athenian sculptor from the mid-5th century BC . He was born in Eleutherae on the borders of Boeotia and Attica .
Merlin James ( born 1960 in Cardiff , Wales ) is an artist living and working in Glasgow , Scotland .
Ma Yanhong ( simplified Chinese : 马燕红 ; traditional Chinese : 馬燕紅 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yànhóng ; born March 21 , 1964 in Beijing , China ) ( also reported in some media as July 5 , 1963 ) is a retired Chinese Olympic athlete .
Michele Carcano ( Michael de Carcanis de Mediolano ) ( Lomazzo , 1427- 20 March 1484 ) was an Italian Franciscan preacher .
Nora Okja Keller ( born 22 December 1965 , in Seoul , South Korea ) is a Korean American author .
Todd Mundt ( born May 17 , 1970 in Iowa City , Iowa ) is a retired American professional National Basketball Association player .
Mislav Karoglan ( born 14 April 1982 in Imotski , Croatia ) is a Croatian - born Bosnian football midfielder currently playing for Kamen Ivanbegovina in the Treća HNL Jug .
Mircea Sfetescu ( 1 July 1905 in Bucharest -- ? ) was a Romanian rugby union player .
Anthony Mondell ( born Anthony Mondelli ) was born in Los Angeles , California to Italian parents , Olimpia née Giove , and Francesco `` Frank '' Mondelli , native from Canneto ( Adelfia , Apulia region , Italy ) .
Émile Pelletier ( 1898 , Saint - Brieuc -- 1975 ) was a Minister of State for Monaco .
Miljan Zeković ( Cyrillic : Mиљaн Зeкoвић , 15 November 1925 in Nikšić -- 10 December 1993 ) was a Montenegrin and Yugoslav football player .
Toon Meerman ( born 13 October 1933 in Rotterdam ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a striker .
Pierre Augereau was born in Faubourg Saint - Marceau , Paris , as the son of a Parisian fruit seller ( in some accounts , a servant ) .
Giulio Lopes , ( Poá , SP ) , July 24 , 1959 , is a scenographer and Brazilian actor of plays , telenovelas and movies .
Neathan Gibson ( born 14 May 1970 in Bulawayo ) is a Zimbabwen soccer player currently Coaching and Executive Director for Michigan Fire Juniors in Georgetown , Michigan .
Maria Manuela Machado ( born August 9 , 1963 in Viana do Castelo ) is a former Portuguese long - distance runner , who was particularly successful when running the marathon .
Gregor Tait ( born 20 April 1979 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish backstroke swimmer , and an Olympic swimmer for Great Britain .
Mor Serigne Diop ( born 29 September 1988 in Paris ) is a French footballer who is currently plays for Bedford Town FC .
Celeste Anderson was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba in 1989 , and moved to Orillia , Ontario in 1996 .
Ivan Santini , born in Zadar , played for his hometown side 's youth team , until the summer of 2006 , when he moved to Inter Zaprešić where he signed his first professional contract and made four first team appearances , scoring his first professional goal in the process .
Sandro Damilano ( born 24 February 1950 , in Scarnafigi ) is an Italian athletics coach .
Erhard Heinz ( born 30 April 1924 , Bautzen ) is a German mathematician known for his work on partial differential equations , in particular the Monge--
Frank Filipetti is a 6x Grammy - winning music producer , engineer and mixer who was born in Bristol , Connecticut .
Inārs Kivlenieks ( born July 4 , 1986 in Riga ) is a Latvian luger who has competed since 2005 .
Carleton Rea was born in Worcester , the son of the City Coroner .
Naushad was born and raised in Lucknow , a city with a long tradition as a center of Indian Muslim culture .
Gabriele Sabatini ( born March 22 , 1976 in La Spezia ) is a retired Italian professional football player and professional wrestler .
Adnan Barakat ( born 3 September 1982 in Amsterdam ) is a Moroccan - Dutch professional footballer who plays for Police United .
Inna Zhukova ( Belarusian : Іна Іванаўна Жукава Ina Ivanawna Zhukava Russian : Инна Ивановна Жукова Inna Ivanovna Zhukova , born on September 6 , 1986 in Krasnodar , Soviet Union ) is a Belarusian individual Rhythmic Gymnast .
Nick G. Miller ( born January 18 , 1964 in Dayton , Ohio ) , also known as Nick Miller , is An American businessperson .
Hamza Zeddam ( born April 8 , 1984 , in Constantine ) is an Algerian footballer .
Norbert Dobeleit ( born 17 July 1964 in Renchen , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German television personality and retired athlete .
Kieron Bernard ( born 2 August 1985 in Spanish Town ) is a former Jamaican footballer last playing for Orlando City in the USL Professional Division .
İbrahim Melih Gökçek ( born 20 October 1948 ) is a Turkish politician who has been the Mayor of Ankara since 1994 .
Abou El Kacem Hadji ( born August 22 , 1990 in Oujda , Morocco ) is an Algerian football player who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MO Béjaïa .
Shi Yongxin was born as Liu Yingcheng ( 刘应成 ) in Anhui Province 's Yingshang County .
Jacques Minkus ( 1901 - -1996 ) , of New York City , emigrated to the United States in 1929 and established stamp counters for postage stamp collectors at numerous department stores in the United States .
Kristine Stiles ( born Kristine Elaine Dolan in Denver , Colorado , 1947 ) is the France Family Professor of Art , Art History and Visual Studies at Duke University .
Steve Olin was born on October 4 , 1965 in Portland , Oregon , and grew up in nearby Beaverton .
Hayward was born in Nebraska City , Nebraska , the grandson of Monroe Leland Hayward , a senator from Nebraska .
* The Getty Museum - Biography of the Brygos Painter Working in Athens in the early 400s B.C. , the Brygos Painter was a prolific decorator of red - figure cups .
Adolfo Contoli ( Bologna , 19 February 1898 - 1988 ) was an Italian versatile athlete .
Patrick Mtiliga was born in Copenhagen to a Danish mother and Tanzanian father .
Michael Mead , born in Croydon , England , spent his early years traveling with his family and attending schools overseas .
Anthony Mandrea ( born 25 December 1996 in Grasse , France ) is a French footballer who currently plays for French OGC Nice .
Born in Setúbal , Quinito played in exactly ten Portuguese top division seasons during his professional career , making his debuts in 1967 - -68 with Académica de Coimbra -- having moved to Coimbra to study medicine at the university-- but he only appeared in eight league games over the course of two full seasons .
Connie Talbot ( born 20 November 2000 ) is an English child singer from Streetly , West Midlands .
Gary Hughes ( born 5 July 1967 , Manchester , England ) is an English hard rock singer , songwriter and musician .
Andriy Hryshchenko ( born 3 October 1974 in Korosten ) is a retired Ukrainian football .
Mary F. Scranton ( born December 9 , 1832 in Belchertown , Massachusetts - October 8 , 1909 ) was a Methodist Episcopal Church missionary .
Aaron A Bertrand better known as Aaron A ( born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a well - known Canadian music video director .
Boban Cenić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бобан Ценић , born November 13 , 1981 in Leskovac ) is a Serbian footballer who last played with Moravac Mrštane .
Manfred Binz ( 22 September 1965 in Frankfurt ) is a former German footballer who is now the manager of FC Germania 1911 Enkheim .
Leny de Andrade Lima , better known as Leny Andrade , was born in Rio de Janeiro , on January 26 , 1943 , and is a Brazilian singer and musician .
Ivan Mishyn ( Ukrainian : Мішин Іван Віталійович ; born March 31 , 1985 , Odessa , Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic -- in present day Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian rally codriver , Ukrainian rally vice - champion , European rally champion in ERC Production Cup category , and The Boar ProRacing team codriver .
Kosta Mušicki was born on 7 April 1897 in Slavonski Brod , Austria - Hungary ( now in Croatia ) to Milutin and Jelena Mušicki ( née Mihailović ) .
Hiob Ludolf ( or Job Leutholf ) ( 15 June 1624 -- 8 April 1704 ) was a German orientalist , and born at Erfurt .
Timo Meynhardt ( born July 14 , 1972 , in Rudolstadt ) is a German psychologist and business economist .
L. William Zahner III ( b. June 30 , 1955 , in Kansas City , Missouri ) is the president and CEO of Zahner , an architectural metal company in Kansas City , Missouri .
Christos Chrysofakis ( Greek : Χρήστος Χρυσοφάκης , born 18 January 1990 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing for Greek club OF Ierapetra .
Eva Klotz ( born June 4 , 1951 in Walten , St. Leonhard in Passeier ) is a South Tyrolian politician .
Emanuele Abate ( born 8 July 1985 in Genoa ) is an Italian athlete competing in the 110 metres hurdles .
Stuart McIntosh ( born 8 June 1975 in London ) is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1990s and 2000s .
Kylee was born in Chandler , Arizona to a British - American father and Japanese mother , She was influenced by her father who inspired her to become a singer .
Ning Zetao was born in Zhengzhou , capital city of Henan ; he is the only child of Ning Feng ( father ) and Liu Wenhong ( mother ) .
Dimitris Kapos ( Greek : Δημήτρης Καπός ) , born 28 August 1993 in Chios , is a professional Greek football player , who currently plays for AEL in the Greek Football League as a Centre Forward .
Emmor Cope was an American Civil War officer of the Union Army noted for the `` Map of the Battlefield of Gettysburg from the original survey made August to October , 1863 '' which he researched by horseback as a Sergeant after being ordered back to Gettysburg by Maj . Gen. George G. Meade .
His brother was Johann Anton Friedrich Baudri , the Vicar General of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cologne and the auxiliary bishop of Cologne .
Eugen Malmstén ( 16 February 1907 , in Helsinki -- 1 September 1993 , in Helsinki ) was a Finnish - Swedish musician , singer , orchestra conductor , composer and lyricist .
Athanagild died of natural causes in Toledo , according to Isidore , then after an interregnum of five months Liuva I became king .
Harold Ashby ( March 21 , 1925 in Kansas City , Missouri -- June 13 , 2003 in New York City ) was a jazz tenor saxophonist .
Jacobello del Fiore ( c. 1370 -- 1439 ) was an Italian painter of the 15th century active mainly in Venice .
Alan Mowbray MM ( born Alfred Ernest Allen ; 18 August 1896 -- 25 March 1969 ) was an English stage and film actor who found success in Hollywood .
Samuel Krauss ( Ukk , February 18 , 1866 - Cambridge , June 4 , 1948 ) was professor at the Jewish Teachers ' Seminary , Budapest , 1894 - -1906 , and at the Jewish Theological Seminary , Vienna , 1906 - 1938 .
Pieter Bleeker ( July 10 , 1819 , Zaandam -- January 24 , 1878 , The Hague ) was a Dutch medical doctor , ichthyologist , and herpetologist .
General Sir Ralph Darling died in Brighton on 2 April 1858 at the age of eighty - five , survived by his widow , three sons and several daughters .
Arkady Fiedler ( November 28 , 1894 in Poznań -- March 7 , 1985 in Puszczykowo ) was a Polish writer , journalist and adventurer .
Kéba Mbaye ( April 6 , 1924 , Kaolack , Senegal -- January 12 , 2007 , Dakar , Senegal ) was a judge and member of both the International Olympic Committee and the International Court of Justice .
Albrecht Schrauf ( 14 December 1837 , Vienna -- 29 November 1897 , Vienna ) was an Austrian mineralogist and crystallographer .
Eduard Oscar Schmidt ( 21 February 1823 , Torgau -- 17 January 1886 , Kappelrodeck ) was a German zoologist and phycologist .
Romano Amerio ( June 22 , 1905 in Lugano -- October 4 , 1997 in Lugano ) was a Roman Catholic theologian and a late critic of post - Conciliar evolutions in liturgy and ecclesiology .
Frederick Whymper ( 1838 in London -- 26 November 1901 ) was a British artist and explorer .
Bernhard Hamester was killed on 22 April 1945 after being hit by Soviet fire near Trebbin , Germany .
Antonio II da Montefeltro ( 1348 - -1404 ) was an Italian condottiero and count of Urbino .
Ronan Huon , also called René Huon , ( 3 August 1922 in Saint - Omer , Pas - de - Calais -- Brest , 18 October 2003 ) , was a Breton language writer and editor .
Stanley Ridges died 22 April 1951 , in Westbrook , Connecticut , aged 60 .
Noël François de Wailly spent his life in Paris , where for many years he carried on a school which was extensively patronized by foreigners who wished to learn French .
Ewald - Heinrich von Kleist - Schmenzin ( 10 July 1922 -- 8 March 2013 ) was a German publisher and convenor of the Munich Conference on Security Policy until 1998 .
Andreas Kunze ( 1952 ; Bremen -- 8 April 2010 ; Essen ) was a German actor and photographer .
The 77-year - old Leonard Barr suffered a stroke on October 28 , 1980 , in his hotel room in West Hollywood and died on November 22 , 1980 , in a hospital in Burbank , California .
Anneli Cahn Lax ( 23 February 1922 , Katowice -- 24 September 1999 , New York City ) was an American mathematician , who was married to the mathematician Peter Lax .
Gorham was born in Charlestown , Boston , Massachusetts , and was the son of Captain Nathaniel Gorham and his father 's wife Mary Soley .
Zygmunt Haupt ( 5 March 1907 , in Ułaszkowce , Podole -- 10 May 1975 , in Winchester , Virginia , United States ) was a Polish writer and painter .
Ondřej Sekora ( 25 September 1899 , Brno -- 4 July 1967 , Prague ) was a Czech painter , illustrator , writer , journalist and entomologist .
Erich Zeller ( 13 January 1920 in Augsburg , Bavaria , Germany -- 6 November 2001 in Garmisch - Partenkirchen , Bavaria , Germany ) was a German figure skater and figure skating coach .
Benjamin Preston Clark ( 8 October 1860 West Roxbury- 11 January 1939 , Philadelphia ) was an American entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera , especially Sphingidae .
Con Conrad ( né Conrad K. Dober ; 18 June 1891 Manhattan , New York -- 28 September 1938 Van Nuys , California ) was an American songwriter and producer .
Charles Boit ( Stockholm , 10 August 1662 -- Paris , 6 February 1727 ) was a Swedish painter in vitreous enamels who mostly worked in England , Austria and France .
Constantin Daniel Rosenthal ( b. Pest , Austrian Empire : Rosenthal Konstantin , 1820 -- July 23 , 1851 ) was a Romanian painter and sculptor of Austrian - Jewish birth and a 1848 revolutionary , best known for his portraits and his choice of Romanian Romantic nationalist subjects .
Hans Julius Duncker ( 26 May 1881 in Ballenstedt , Anhalt , now Saxony - Anhalt - 22 December 1961 in Saarbrücken ) was a German ornithologist , geneticist and eugenicist .
Gustav Haloun ( January 12 , 1898 , Brtnice , Moravia , Austria - Hungary -- December 24 , 1951 , Cambridge , England ) was a Czech sinologist .
Their eldest son , William Bela Wellman ( born 7 June 1864 ) , became the senior member of Wellman , Peck and Company after his father died in Fruitvale , California , on 31 January 1887 .
René Lorin ( 1877 - -1933 ) , a graduate of the Ecole Centrale Paris , invented the ramjet .
Claude Casimir Gillet ( 19 May 1806 in Dormans , department of Marne -- 1 September 1896 in Alençon ) , was a French botanist and mycologist .
Nannette Streicher ( née Anna - Maria Stein ; 2 January 1769 , Augsburg -- 16 January 1833 , Vienna ) was a German piano maker , composer , music educator and writer .
Heinrich Georg Winter ( 1 October 1848 , Leipzig -- 16 August 1887 ) was a German mycologist .
Lazăr Edeleanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈlazər edeˈle̯anu ) ; 1 September 1861 , Bucharest - 7 April 1941 ) was a Romanian chemist of Jewish origin .
Velibor Vasović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велибор Васовић ; October 3 , 1939 in Požarevac , Danube Banovina , Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- March 4 , 2002 in Belgrade , Serbia , FR Yugoslavia ) was a Serbian footballer and manager , also one of the legendary players of Partizan Belgrade and one of greatest defenders of his generation .
Jošt of Rožmberk ( Polish : Jodok z Rożemberka , Czech : Jošt II . z Rožmberka , German : Jost II . von Rosenberg ; 11 November 1430 -- 12 December 1467 in Nysa ) was a Bohemian nobleman .
Sir Cornelius Hermanus Wessels ( Rietfontein , Winburg , Orange River Sovereignty 26 April 1851 -- Bloemfontein , Orange Free State 1 March 1924 ) was a South African politician and statesman .
John Peter Russell was born at the Sydney suburb of Darlinghurst , the eldest of four children of John Russell , a Scottish engineer , his wife Charlotte Elizabeth , née Nicholl , from London .
Ranulf Flambard ( sometimes Ralph Flambard , Ranulph Flambard , or Ranulf Passiflamme ; c. 1060 -- 5 September 1128 ) was a medieval Norman Bishop of Durham and an influential government minister of King William Rufus of England .
Peter Suhrkamp ( full name Johann Heinrich Suhrkamp ; March 28 , 1891 , Hatten -- March 31 , 1959 , Frankfurt ) was a German publisher and founder of the Suhrkamp Verlag .
Alan Stevenson FRSE MInstCE ( 1807 , Edinburgh -- 1865 , Portobello , Edinburgh ) was a Scottish lighthouse engineer who was Engineer to the Board of Northern Lighthouses .
In later life Dean Jagger suffered from heart disease and died in his sleep in Santa Monica , California .
Alejandro Goicoechea Omar ( his first surname is also spelled Goikoetxea ) ( Elorrio , Biscay , March 23 , 1895 - Madrid , January 30 , 1984 ) was a Spanish engineer .
Samuel Ornitz died of cancer in 1957 in Woodland Hills , California , aged 66 .
Jean - Louis Nicot ( February 14 , 1911 , Paris -- August 29 , 2004 ) was the commander of the French Air transport fleet during the First Indochina War .
Karl Grünberg ( died 1921 , Rostock ) was a German entomologist specialising in Lepidoptera .
Siegfried Grabert was killed on 25 July 1942 during a commando operation to destroy a dam between Rostov and Bataisk .
Giovanni Antonio Battarra ( Coriano , 9 June 1714 - -Rimini , 8 November 1789 ) was an Italian priest , naturalist , and mycologist .
Ivan Mažuranić Square in Zagreb is named in his honor .
Maureen Reagan died in Granite Bay , California , on August 8 , 2001 , aged 60 , from melanoma , three years before her father died .
Early in his literary career he adopted the nom de plume of Friedrich Halm ( `` Halm '' means a blade of grass or a blade of straw ) , and became one of the most popular dramatists in Vienna around the middle of the 19th century .
Alan Stacey ( 29 August 1933 , Broomfield -- 19 June 1960 , Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps , Belgium ) , was a British racing driver .
Alexandre Bultos ( 18 June 1749 , Brussels - 20 September 1787 ) was a Belgian comic actor and theatre director .
Ioannis Oikonomou ( Greek : Ιωάννης Οικονόμου ; 1860 , Kertezi - 1931 Athens ) was a Greek painter , xylographer , engraver and amateur athlete .
Alexandre Eugène Cellier ( 17 June 1883 in Molières - sur - Cèze -- 4 March 1968 in Paris ) was a French organist and composer .
Philippe Jules Mancini ( 1641 , Rome - 1707 , Paris ) , Duke of Nevers , was the nephew of Cardinal Mazarin , chief minister of France immediately after the death of King Louis XIII .
Friedrich Gedike ( 15 January 1754 , Boberow bei Karstädt ( Prignitz ) ( Mark Brandenburg ) - 2 May 1803 , Berlin ) was a German theologian , teacher and educational reformer of the late Enlightenment .
Aldo Notari ( born September 6 , 1932 in Parma , Italy , died July 26 , 2006 ) was the president of the International Baseball Federation from 1993 to 2006 .
Alfred Polgar ( originally : Alfred Polak , pseudonyms : Archibald Douglas , L. A. Terne ; born 17 October 1873 -- 24 April 1955 , Zürich ) was an Austrian - born journalist , one of the most renowned intellectuals of the Vienna coffeehouses .
Jan Theunisz Blanckerhoff or Jan Maat , ( 10 January 1628 , Alkmaar - buried 2 October 1669 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch Golden Age marine painter .
István Dégi ( born Makó , August 21 , 1935 - died Budapest , November 8 , 1992 ) was a Hungarian actor .
Jovan Radonić ( February 9 , 1873 , Mol , Austria - Hungary -- November 25 , 1953 , Yugoslavia ) was historian , librarian of Matica Srpska library and member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts .
Arthur Nicolaier ( 4 February 1862 in Cosel / Koźle - 28 August 1942 in Berlin ) was a German Jewish internist .
Flora Tristan ( 7 April 1803 in Paris -- 14 November 1844 in Bordeaux , France ) was a socialist writer and activist .
Charles Catteau ( 26 January 1880 , Douai -- 20 October 1966 , Nice ) was a French Art Déco industrial designer .
Ángel Rosenblat ( 9 December 1902 , Węgrów , Poland - 11 September 1984 , Caracas ) was a Venezuelan philologist , essayist and hispanist of Polish descent .
Vladimir Vlasov ( 25 December 1902 ( OS)/7 January 1903 ( NS ) Moscow -- 7 September 1986 Moscow ) was a Russian composer and conductor .
Alger of Liège ( 1055 - -1131 ) , known also as Alger of Cluny and Algerus Magister , was a learned clergyman from Liège author of several notable works .
Salomé de Gélieu ( 17 April 1742 , Les Bayards - 29 March 1820 , Colombier ) was a Swiss educator and governess to several members of princely courts in Europe .
Harold Witter Bynner , also known by the pen name Emanuel Morgan ( August 10 , 1881 -- June 1 , 1968 ) was an American poet , writer and scholar , known for his long residence in Santa Fe , New Mexico , and association with other literary figures there .
Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg ( Viduševac , Croatia , 12.19.1802 -- Vinkovci , Croatia , 2.5.1892 ) was a Hungarian --
Wilhelm Solf was born into a wealthy and liberal family in Berlin .
Teuvo Pakkala was born in Oulu , Finland , worked also in Jyväskylä and died in Kuopio .
Elise Cavanna Welton died in Hollywood , California of cancer in 1963 .
Celio Secondo Curione ( Cirié , 1 May 1503 -- Basel , 24 November 1569 ) was an Italian humanist , grammarian and suspected antitrinitarian .
Giovanni Pichler ( Born 10 January 1734 in Naples ; died 25 January 1791 in Rome ) was a German - Italian artist in engraved gems .
Ze'ev Segal ( 13 January 1947 -- 11 January 2011 ) was an Israeli lawyer , a professor of law at Tel Aviv University and a legal analyst for the newspaper Haaretz .
James H. Allen ( May 15 , 1928 -- July 28 , 2015 ) was an American actor who portrayed the clown character Rusty Nails and was the host of various children 's television shows in the Portland , Oregon television market from 1957 - -1972 .
Jean Cabannes ( b. Marseille August 12 , 1885 - d. Saint - Cyr - sur - Mer October 31 , 1959 ) was a French physicist specialising in optics .
Jean Barbault ( 1718 - -1762 ) was a French painter and printmaker , working in Rome .
Fung Wang - yuen ( 22 September 1942 -- 4 February 2014 ) , better known by his stage name Wu Ma , was a Hong Kong actor , director , producer and writer born in Tianjin , Republic of China .
Johann Sigismund Scholze alias Sperontes ( 20 March 1705 in Lobendau bei Liegnitz ( today Lubiatów near Złotoryja ) 28 September 1750 in Leipzig ) was a Silesian music anthologist and poet .
William Fitz Randolph Mills ( September 8 , 1856 -- November 16 , 1941 ) was an American politician who served as the mayor of Denver , Colorado from 1918 to 1919 .
Al - Musta'sim Billah ( full name : al - Musta'sim - Billah Abu - Ahmad Abdullah bin al - Mustansir - Billah ; Arabic : المستعصم بالله أبو أحمد عبد الله بن المستنصر بالله‎ ; 1213 -- February 20 , 1258 ) was the last Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad ; he ruled from 1242 until his death .
Franz Christoph Anton , Count of Hohenzollern - Sigmaringen ( 16 January 1699 in Haigerloch -- 23 November 1767 in Cologne ) was a member of the House of Hohenzollern .
Gustav Rose ( March 18 , 1798 -- July 15 , 1873 ) was a German mineralogist who was a native of Berlin .
Isidro Lángara Galarraga ( 25 May 1912 in Pasaia , Gipuzkoa -- 21 August 1992 in Andoain ) was a Spanish football striker .
Father Jules Monchanin ( who chose to call himself Swami Paramarubyananda ) , ( April 10 , 1895 in Fleurie , Rhône - October 10 , 1957 in Paris ) was a French Catholic priest , monk and hermit .
Johan Castberg died in December 1926 in Oslo , before the end of his seventh parliamentary term .
Biordo Michelotti ( 1352 -- March 10 , 1398 ) was an Italian condottiero , who was lord of Perugia and commander - in - chief of the Republic of Florence .
Adam Friedrich Oeser ( 17 February 1717 in Pressburg -- 18 March 1799 in Leipzig ) was a German etcher , painter and sculptor .
Duarte Barbosa ( c. 1480 , Lisbon , Portugal -- 1 May 1521 , Philippines ) was a Portuguese writer and Portuguese India officer between 1500 and 1516 - -1517 , with the post of scrivener in Cannanore factory and sometimes interpreter of the local language ( Malayalam ) .
Firmin Baes ( born 18 April 1874 in Saint - Josse - ten - Noode , Belgium -- died 4 December 1943 in Brussels , Belgium ) was a Belgian painter .
Franz Boos ( 23 Dec. 1753 ( Frauenalb ) -- 9 Feb. 1832 ( Vienna ) ) was an Austrian gardener - botanist in the Age of Enlightenment , a voyager and collector of natural history specimens for Emperor Joseph II of Austria , who reigned from 1765 to 1790 .
Pietro Fanfani ( 21 April 1815 , Pistoia , Italy - 4 March 1879 , Florence ) was an Italian philologist , humorist and novelist .
Carlos Montemayor ( Parral , Chihuahua , June 13 , 1947 -- Mexico City , February 28 , 2010 ) was a Mexican novelist , poet , essayist , literary critic , tenor , political analyst , and promoter of contemporary literature written in indigenous languages .
Erik Dahlbergh was born of peasant stock in Stockholm , Sweden , but rose to the level of titled nobility due to his military abilities .
Qasim Amin ( pronounced ( ˈʔæːsem ʔæˈmiːn ) , Arabic : قاسم أمين ; 1 ) ( December 1863 , in Alexandria -- April 22 , 1908 in Cairo ) was an Egyptian jurist , Islamic Modernist and one of the founders of the Egyptian national movement and Cairo University .
Philipp Friedrich Silcher ( 27 June 1789 in Schnait ( today part of Weinstadt ) -- 26 August 1860 in Tübingen ) , was a German composer , mainly known for his lieder ( songs ) , and an important folksong collector .
Alfonso Calderón Squadritto ( San Fernando , November 21 , 1930 - - Santiago de Chile , August 8 , 2009 ) was a Chilean poet and writer .
André Roch ( August 21 , 1906 in Hermance , Switzerland -- November 19 , 2002 in Geneva ) was a mountaineer , avalanche researcher and expert , skier , resort developer , engineer , and author .
Paolo Monaldi was born and died in Rome , and initially trained in the studio of Paolo Anesi .
Reuven Dafni ( Hebrew : ראובן דפני‎ ; born Ruben Kandt ; Zagreb , 1913 -- 2005 , Israel ) was Croatian Partisan , Israeli soldier and diplomat , one of founders of kibbutz Ein Gev and longtime assistant director of the Yad Vashem memorial center .
Jean Geissinger - Harding died in 2014 in Kalamazoo , Michigan , 17 days before her 80th birthday .
Joe Robichaux ( birth name Joseph Robichaux , March 8 , 1900 in New Orleans -- January 17 , 1965 in New Orleans ) was an American jazz pianist .
Jan Werner Danielsen , known professionally as Jan Werner , ( 10 April 1976 , Nord - Odal -- 28 September 2006 , Oslo ) was a Norwegian pop singer , also known for his interpretations of musical , classical , and rock standards .
Moss Hart died of a heart attack at the age of 57 on December 20 , 1961 , at his winter home in Palm Springs , California .
Léon d'Ymbault de Vanthay ( also : Leon d'Ymbault , Leon d'Imbault , Leon von Imbolt , Leon Imbo ; born c. 1700 in Dragomesti , now Astakos ; died March / April 1781 in Czernowitz , now Chernivtsi ) was the last Moldavian mayor of Czernowitz before the annexation of the Bukovina by Austria in 1775 .
Camara Laye died in 1980 in Dakar of a kidney infection .
Rubén Marcos Peralta ( 6 December 1942 at Osorno , Chile -- 14 August 2006 at Osorno ) was a Chilean football player .
Abdelkader Benfréha ( Arabic : عبد القادر فريحة‎ ; October 28 , 1942 -- October 1 , 2012 in Oran ) , known more commonly as Abdelkader Fréha , was an Algerian football player .
Theodore van Heil ( 1635 , Brussels -- after 1691 ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Dorothea Wieck ( 3 January 1908 , Davos , Switzerland -- 19 February 1986 , Berlin , West Germany ) was a German theatre and film actress .
Károly Knezić ( 6 September 1808 , Veliki Grđevac - 6 October 1849 , Arad ) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army .
Iris Bannochie ( 1914 -- September 1988 ) was a Barbadian horticulturalist who was the leading expert on horticulture on the island of Barbados .
Rolf W. Schnyder ( 1935 in Zurich - 2011 in Kuala Lumpur ) was a Swiss businessman known for his role as the owner and CEO of watchmaker Ulysse Nardin .
Leontine Mary Jane Buisson ( 22 April 1837 -- 12 March 1903 ) , better known by her married name , Leontine Cooper , was a teacher , a pioneer trade union organiser , suffragist and campaigner for women 's rights in Queensland , Australia .
Count Monaldo Leopardi ( Recanati , 16 August 1776 -- Recanati , 30 April 1847 ) was an Italian philosopher , nobleman , politician and writer , notable as one of the main Italian intellectuals of the counter - revolution .
Angeliki Laiou ( Greek : Αγγελική Λαΐου ; Athens , 6 April 1941 -- Boston , 11 December 2008 ) was a Greek Byzantinist .
Franjo Bučar ( Zagreb , 25 November 1866 -- Zagreb , 26 December 1946 ) was a Croatian writer and sports popularizer of Slovenian origin .
Jenő Bory ( Székesfehérvár , November 9 , 1879 -- Székesfehérvár , December 20 , 1959 ) was a Hungarian architect and sculptor .
Riccardo Schicchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( rikˈkardo ˈskikki ) ; Augusta , Sicily , 14 March 1953 - Rome , 9 December 2012 ) was an Italian pornographer .
William Neale Lockington ( born 1840 in Rugby , Warwickshire , England -- died 1902 in Worthing , Sussex ) was an English zoologist .
Octavia Hill ( 3 December 1838 -- 13 August 1912 ) was an English social reformer , whose main concern was the welfare of the inhabitants of cities , especially London , in the second half of the nineteenth century .
Ćiro Truhelka ( 2 February 1865 in Osijek -- 18 September 1942 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian archaeologist and one of the main progenitors of the racist ideology of the Croatian fascist Ustaše movement .
Antonín Lhota ( 2 January 1812 , Kutná Hora -- 10 September 1905 , Volyně ) was a Czech painter and art teacher .
For his contributions as an actor in motion pictures , Jack Perrin was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1777 Vine Street , in Hollywood , California .
Eduard Schulte ( 4 January 1891 in Düsseldorf -- 6 January 1966 in Zürich ) was a prominent German industrialist .
Kurt Hiller also known as Keith Lurr and Klirr ( Thule ) ( 17 August 1885 , Berlin -- 1 October 1972 , Hamburg ) was a German essayist of high stylistic originality and a political ( namely pacifist ) journalist from a Jewish family .
Joseph Carl Meffert ( 26 March 1903 in Koblenz , Germany -- 27 December 1988 in Sirnach , Switzerland ) , better known by his nom de plume Clément Moreau , was a politically and socially conscious graphic designer and artist .
Bernhard Quandt ( 14 April 1903 in Rostock ; -- 6 August 1999 in Schwerin ) was a German politician ( SPD , KPD , SED ) .
Francesco Fausto Nitti ( born 2 September 1899 in Pisa -- died 28 May 1974 , in Rome ) was a journalist and fighter against fascism .
Mark Van Doren died on December 10 , 1972 , in Torrington , Connecticut , aged 78 , two days after undergoing surgery for circulatory problems at the Charlotte Hungerford Hospital .
Robert Allen Dyer ( 21 September 1900 Pietermaritzburg - 26 October 1987 Johannesburg ) was a South African botanist and taxonomist , working particularly on Amaryllidaceae and succulent plants , contributing to and editing of Bothalia and Flowering Plants of Africa and holding the office of Director of the Botanical Research Institute in Pretoria from 1944 to 1963 .
Anton Faistauer ( 14 February 1887 , Sankt Martin bei Lofer - 13 February 1930 , Vienna ) was an Austrian Expressionist painter .
Selman Waksman died on August 16 , 1973 and was interred at the Crowell Cemetery in Woods Hole , Barnstable County , Massachusetts .
Alexander Sheldon ( October 23 , 1766 in Suffield , Hartford County , Connecticut -- September 10 , 1836 in Montgomery County , New York ) was an American physician and politician .
Dequinha died on September 29 , 1997 in Aracaju(Sergipe )
Luigi Miceli ( 7 June 1824 , in Longobardi Italy -- 30 December 1906 , in Rome ) , was an Italian patriot , politician and a military figure , a capitan in the conflicts of the Risorgimento and a leading military figure to the Italian Liberation and Unification in 1861 .
Kalevi Sorsa died of cancer on January 16 , 2004 at his home in Helsinki .
Bernard Gui died on 30 December 1331 at the castle of Lauroux in the present - day Hérault department , south France .
Alfred III , Prince of Windisch - Grätz ( German : Alfred August Karl Maria Wolfgang Erwin Fürst zu Windisch - Grätz ; 31 October 1851 , Prague -- 23 November 1927 , Tachov ) was a Bohemian nobleman and Austro - Hungarian statesman .
Fernando Lázaro Carreter ( Zaragoza , April 13 , 1923 -- March 4 , 2004 , in Madrid ) was a Spanish linguist , journalist and literary critic .
José Sebastião e Silva ( 12 December 1914 Mértola -- 25 May 1972 Lisbon ) was a Portuguese mathematician .
Jean d'Osta pseudonym of Jean Van Osta , ( Brussels -- Belgium , 1909 - -1993 ) was a Belgian writer , journalist , humorist , and great lover of Brussels .
Pietro Gnocchi ( February 27 , 1689 -- December 9 , 1775 ) was an Italian composer , choir director , historian , and geographer of the late Baroque era , active mainly in Brescia , where he was choir director of Brescia Cathedral .
But he was a mobster and was a big time smuggler who reigned for 20 years ( 1955 to 1975 ) without any dispute from anybody Born in 1926 in Pannaikulam , near Ramanathapuram , Tamilnadu , Haji Mastan originally known as Mastan Haider Mirza at the age of 8 migrated with his father in Mumbai .
Harmon S. Cutting ( 1830 -- April 25 , 1884 ) was Mayor of the City of Buffalo , New York , serving from December , 1882 to January 1883 , in the aftermath after the resignation of Grover Cleveland .
Jerzy Zawieyski , born Henryk Nowicki , ( 2 October 1902 , Radogoszcz , Piotrków Governorate - 18 June 1969 , Warsaw ) was a Polish playwright , prose writer , Catholic political activist and amateur stage actor .
Anton Josef Dräger , also known as Joseph Anton Draeger , an historical painter , was born at Trèves in 1794 , and died at Rome in 1833 .
Philip of Hesse - Darmstadt ( July 20 , 1671 in Darmstadt -- August 11 , 1736 in Vienna ) was a Prince of Hesse - Darmstadt , Imperial Field marshal and Governor of Mantua .
Ludwig Strümpell ( 28 June 1812 Schöppenstedt -- 18 May 1899 Leipzig ) was a German philosopher and pedagogue .
Gianni Widmer ( April 25 , 1892 , Trieste , then in Austro - Hungarian Empire , October 30 , 1971 , Milan , Italy ) ( Slovenian : Ivan Vidmar , German : Johann Widmer ) was an Italian civil and military aviator of Slovenian descent , a pioneer of airmail .
Jacobus Stellingwerff ( 1667 , Amsterdam -- 1727 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century artist from the Northern Netherlands .
Théodore Fourmois ( 14 October 1814 in Presles -- October 1871 in Ixelles ) was a Belgian landscape painter and printmaker .
Henry Holden Huss ( June 21 , 1862 in Newark , New Jersey -- September 17 , 1953 in New York City ) was an American composer , pianist and music teacher .
Benedetto Brin ( 17 May 1833 , Turin , Piedmont -- 24 May 1898 , Rome , Lazio ) was an Italian naval administrator and politician .
Johan Albert Constantin Löfgren ( 1854 - -1918 ) , known as Albert Löfgren or Alberto Löfgren , was head of the botany department of the Rio de Janeiro Botanical Garden around 1905 .
Paul Wilhelm Magnus ( 29 February 1844 , Berlin -- 13 March 1914 , Berlin ) was a German botanist and mycologist .
Maurice Copeland ( June 13 , 1911 , Rector , Arkansas --October 3 , 1985 , New Rochelle , New York ) was an American actor .
Madeleine Bourdouxhe ( September 25 , 1906 in Liège , Belgium -- April 16 , 1996 in Brussels , Belgium ) was a Belgian author .
A victim of success and fast living , George Leybourne died penniless in Islington aged 42 .
Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole ( 10 December 1654 -- 22 July 1719 ) was an Italian painter and engraver from Bologna , active in the late - Baroque period .
Marianna Auenbrugger ( July 19 , 1759 in Vienna -- August 25 , 1782 ) , was an Austrian pianist and composer .
John Cecil Holm ( 4 November 1904 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- 24 October 1981 , Westerly , Rhode Island ) was an American dramatist , theatre director and actor .
Miguel de Unamuno y Jugo ( 29 September 1864 in Bilbao -- 31 December 1936 in Salamanca ) was a Spanish essayist , novelist , poet , playwright , philosopher , and Greek professor , and later rector at the University of Salamanca .
Gregory of Rimini ( c. 1300 , Rimini -- November 1358 , Vienna ) , also called Gregorius de Arimino or Ariminensis , was one of the great scholastic philosophers and theologians of the Middle Ages .
Franz Xaver Gabelsberger ( 9 February 1789 -- 4 January 1849 , both in Munich ) was a German inventor of a shorthand writing system , named Gabelsberger shorthand after him .
Joaquín Agrasot y Juan ( 24 December 1836 , Orihuela - 8 January 1919 , Valencia ) was a Spanish painter of the Realistic style who produced many works in the Costumbrismo genre .
Lucian Bălan ( 25 June 1959 -- 12 November 2015 ) was a Romanian football player and coach , winner of the European Cup in 1986 and the European Supercup in 1987 , both with Steaua Bucureşti and former coach at a football school in Baia Mare .
In 1369 when Shangdu also fell under the Ming 's occupation , Toghon Temür fled northward to Yingchang , which was located in present - day Inner Mongolia .
Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino ( Palermo , May 21 , 1941 -- Milan , November 30 , 1996 ) , also known as u tignusu ( the bald one ) was a member of the Mafia and head of the San Lorenzo mandamento .
Rosihan Anwar died in Jakarta on 14 April 2011 , of heart failure due to old age .
Joan Gideon Loten , born in Groenekan , near Utrecht he was the eldest son of secretary of the waterboard Joan Carel Loten ( 1669 - 1769 ) and Arnoldina Maria van Aerssen van Juchen ( 1685 - 1775 ) .
Leopold Zunz was born at Detmold , and settled in Berlin in 1815 , studying at the University of Berlin and obtaining a doctorate from the University of Halle .
Edmond Dédé ( November 20 , 1827 , New Orleans , Louisiana -- 1903 , Paris , France ) was a free - born Creole musician and composer .
Jordi Solé Tura ( 23 May 1930 Mollet del Vallés , Spain -- 4 December 2009 Barcelona ) was a Spanish politician , jurist and one of the co - authors and `` Fathers '' of the Spanish Constitution of 1978 following Spain 's move to democracy .
Ricardo Mañé Ramirez ( Montevideo , 14 January 1948 -- Montevideo , 9 March 1995 ) was a Uruguayan and Brazilian mathematician , known for his contributions to dynamical systems and ergodic theory .
Jacob Olie ( 1834 -- 1905 ) was a photographer from Amsterdam known for his scenes of everyday life there .
Ilus Vay ( 20 February 1923 , Budapest -- 28 October 2008 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian stage , film , television and voice actress .
Denis Gaultier ( Gautier , Gaulthier ; also known as Gaultier le jeune and Gaultier de Paris ) ( 1597 or 1602/3 -- 1672 ) was a French lutenist and composer .
Moritz Eduard Pechuël - Loesche , ( 26 July 1840 Zöschen -- 29 May 1913 Munich ) , was a German naturalist , geographer , ethnologist , painter , traveler , author , plant collector and Professor of Geography in Jena and Erlangen .
Marisa Sannia ( February 15 , 1947 Iglesias , Sardinia , Italy -- April 14 , 2008 Cagliari , Sardinia , Italy ) was an Italian singer from the island of Sardinia .
Erna Tauro , née Pergament ( 16 August 1916 Viborg -- 4 June 1993 Stockholm ) , was a Finnish - Swedish pianist and composer .
Erwin Koopmann was killed on 10 November 1943 in Ulianivka , Ukraine and was posthumously awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross on 28 November 1943 .
Otto Karl Berg ( August 18 , 1815 in Stettin -- November 20 , 1866 in Berlin ) was a German botanist and pharmacist .
André Boillot was driving a Peugeot 201 when he crashed during practice for the 1932 Ars hillclimbing race at La Châtre .
Matthäus Daniel Pöppelmann ( May 3 , 1662 - January 17 , 1736 ) was a German master builder who helped to rebuild Dresden after the fire of 1685 .
Luis Arenal Bastar ( born Teapa , 1908 or 1909 -- died Mexico City , May 7 , 1985 ) was a Mexican painter , engraver and sculptor .
Paavo Rintala ( born in Viipuri , Finland on 20 September 1930 -- died in Kirkkonummi , Finland 8 August 1999 ) is a Finnish novelist and theologian .
Claës Fredrik Hornstedt ( 12 February 1758 Linköping -- May 1809 Helsinki ) was a Swedish naturalist , taxonomist , botanical illustrator and a protégé of Carl Peter Thunberg .
Paul Ditisheim ( 1868 ( La Chaux - de - Fonds)-1945 , ( Geneva ) ) is a famous Swiss watchmaker , inventor and industrialist .
Michel Ghislain Stapleaux ( 26 June 1799 , Brussels - 1881 , Gien ) was a Belgian portraitist and history painter .
Angelos Giallinas ( Greek : Άγγελος Γιαλλινάς ; 5 March 1857 , Corfu - 1939 , Corfu ) was a Greek landscape painter , known primarily for his watercolors .
Dario Niccodemi ( Livorno , Italy , 1874 -- Rome , Italy , 1934 ) was a novelist and a playwright who was born in Italy .
Pearl Eaton was found dead , at the age of 60 , in her Manhattan Beach apartment on September 10 , 1958 .
Gilbert Warrenton ( March 7 , 1894 , Paterson , New Jersey - August 21 , 1980 , Riverside County , California ) was a prominent American silent and sound film cinematographer .
Johann Jacob Haid or Johann Jakob Haid ( 1704 - -1767 ) was a German engraver who worked in Augsburg .
On - yumishi Kanjuro Shibata XX ( 御弓師 二十代 柴田 勘十郎 Shibata Kanjūrō born 1921 in Kyoto , Japan , died on 21 October 2013 in Boulder , United States ) .
Maurice Calka ( 1921 Łódź , Poland -- 1999 Paris , France ) was a sculptor , designer and urbanist .
Dieter Erler ( born 28 May 1939 in Glauchau ; died 10 April 1998 in Chemnitz ) was a German footballer .
Andries de Witt ( 16 June 1573 , Dordrecht - 26 November 1637 , Dordrecht ) was Grand Pensionary of Holland between 1619 and 1621 .
Igor Śmiałowski ( 20 June 1917 , Moscow , Russia -- 16 June 2006 , Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish actor .
Andreas Sigismund Marggraf ( German : ( ˈmaʀkɡʀaːf ) ; 3 March 1709 -- 7 August 1782 ) was a German chemist from Berlin , then capital of the Margraviate of Brandenburg , and a pioneer of analytical chemistry .
Johann Jakob Wepfer ( December 23 , 1620 -- January 26 , 1695 ) was a Swiss pathologist and pharmacologist who was a native of Schaffhausen .
Frederick Van Voorhies Holman ( August 29 , 1852 -- July 6 , 1927 ) was a prominent lawyer and civic leader of the late 19th and early 20th centuries in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Raoul Caudron born December 7 , 1883 in Paris - died June 1 , 1958 in Saint Étienne ) was a French football Coach In 1930 Caudron coached France in the first FIFA World Cup .
Bruno Kaiser ( born and died Berlin : 5 February 1911 - 27 January 1982 ) was a Marxist scholar of German studies who became a journalist and , during the Nazi period , a resistance activist .
Jurij Slatkonja ( German : Georg von Slatkonia , also Jurij Chrysippus ; 21 March 1456 - -26 April 1522 ) was a Carniolan choirmaster and the first residential Bishop of Vienna .
Henk Bruna ( born 11 June 1916 in Utrecht , died 22 February 2008 in Huis ter Heide ) was a Dutch publisher and director of the stationery and bookstore chain Bruna .
Fleeing in 1917 , they ended up in Geneva , in neutral Switzerland , where Emil Jellinek was temporarily arrested again .
Otto Krümmel ( 8 July 1854 Exin , Province of Posen -- 12 October 1912 Cologne ) was a German geographer influential in awakening public interest in oceanography .
Adalbert Merx ( 2 November 1838 Bleicherode -- 6 August 1909 Heidelberg ) was a German Protestant theologian and orientalist .
Đuka Lovrić ( born 23 August 1927 in Sarajevo , Kingdom of Yugoslavia - died 20 February 1957 in Sarajevo , FPR Yugoslavia ) was a Bosnian professional footballer .
Blessed Vincent Romano ( 3 June 1751 - 20 December 1831 ) , born Vincenzo Dominico Romano , was an Italian Roman Catholic priest born in Torre del Greco in Naples .
Louis d'Ailleboust de Coulonge ( c. 1612 , Ancy - le - Franc -- May 31 , 1660 , Montreal ) was the French governor of New France from 1648 to 1651 and acting governor from 1657 to 1658 .
Demetrio Castillo Duany was born in Santiago de Cuba , into one of the leading families of the eastern region of Cuba and he went to France for his education .
Paul Poiret ( 20 April 1879 , Paris , France -- 30 April 1944 , Paris ) was a leading French fashion designer during the first two decades of the 20th century .
Mario Coppola ( Rome , February 5 , 1937 - Rome , March 5 , 2011 ) was an Italian physicist active in the field of nuclear physics .
Emidio Taliani was born in Montegallo , and studied at the University of Rome , from where he obtained his doctorates in theology and in canon and civil law .
Imre Hódos ( January 10 , 1928 in Hajdúnánás - April 23 , 1989 in Debrecen ) was a Hungarian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Salamon Berger ( 25 February 1858 -- 11 January 1934 ) was a Croatian Jewish industrialist , textile trader , and founder and first director of the Ethnographic Museum in Zagreb .
Junior Wells ( December 9 , 1934 -- January 15 , 1998 ) , born Amos Wells Blakemore Jr. , was an American Chicago blues vocalist , harmonica player , and recording artist .
István Örkény ( 5 April 1912 , Budapest -- 24 June 1979 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian writer whose plays and novels often featured grotesque situations .
Artúr Harmat ( Bojná , 27 June 1885 - Budapest , 26 April 1962 ) was a Hungarian composer .
Friedrich Schulze , Friedrich Schulze - Colbitz or Friedrich Schulze - Kolbitz ( 8 or 18 March 1843 in Colbitz -- 30 July 1912 in Steglitz near Berlin ; full name : Johann David Friedrich Otto Schulze ) was a German architect and Prussian master of works .
Edgar Johan Kuusik ( 22 February 1888 in Valgjärve , Estonia -- 3 August 1974 in Tallinn , Soviet Union ) was an Estonian architect ( mostly freelance ) and furniture and interior designer .
Camillo Olivetti ( August 1868 in Ivrea , Piedmont , Italy -- December 1943 in Biella , Italy ) was an Italian electrical engineer and founder of Olivetti & Co. , SpA. , the Italian manufacturer of computers , printers and other business machines .
Bernard Jarre ( or Garves ) ( died 1328 ) was a French Cardinal in the period of the Avignon papacy .
Vittorio Benussi ( January 17 , 1878 in Trieste -- November 24 , 1927 in Padua ) was an Italian psychologist .
Giti Pashaei ( Persian : گیتی پاشایی , Born June 13 , 1940 in Tehran , Iran -- Died May 7 , 1995 in Tehran , Iran‎ ) was an Iranian singer and musician .
Hearing of his father 's death in February 1391 , Manuel II Palaiologos fled the Ottoman court and secured the capital against any potential claim by his nephew John VII . Although relations with John VII improved , Sultan Bayezid I besieged Constantinople from 1394 to 1402 .
John Ross Robertson ( December 28 , 1841 -- May 31 , 1918 ) was a Canadian newspaper publisher , politician , and philanthropist in Toronto , Ontario .
Marco Ajmone - Marsan ( 1859 -- Turin , 1918 ) was an Italian businessman .
Damayanthi ( 1927 -- 20 November 2010 ) , better known by her stage name Kozhikode Santha Devi , was an Indian Malayalam film and stage actress .
Bernhard Wicki ( 28 October 1919 in St. Pölten , Austria -- 3 January 2000 in Munich ) was an Austrian actor and film director .
Gustav Christian Schwabe died on 10 January 1897 at his home , 19 Kensington Palace Gardens , London .
Julie Reisserová née Kühnlova ( b. 9 October 1888 , d. 25 February 1938 , Prague ) was a Czech composer and music publicist .
Pietro Raimondi ( December 20 , 1786 , Rome -- October 30 , 1853 ) was an Italian composer , transitional between the Classical and Romantic eras .
Domingo Elizondo ( c. 1710 - died 1 June 1783 , Madrid ) was a Spanish soldier from Navarre who lived in the late 18th century .
François - Xavier Octavie Fontaine ( 7 November 1762 in Saint - Remy , Haute - Saône - 17 May 1812 in Paris ) served in the French military in the American War of Independence , the French Revolutionary Wars , and the Napoleonic Wars .
Johann Christoph Frisch , an historical painter , was the son of the designer and engraver , Ferdinand Helfreich Frisch , and was born at Berlin in 1737 .
Walter Schnee ( 8 August 1885 in Rawitsch , now Rawicz -- 10 June 1958 in Leipzig ) was a German mathematician
Sid Tickridge ( 10 April 1923 in Stepney -- 6 January 1997 in Canterbury ) was a professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur , Chelsea , Brentford and represented England at schoolboy level .
Jim Novy ( March 15 , 1896 -- May 31 , 1971 ) was an Austin , Texas businessman , entrepreneur , and philanthropist .
On 11 January 1971 , Deniz Gezmiş took part in the robbery of Emek branch of İş Bank / İş Bankasi(TR ) in Ankara .
Pavle Bulatović ( 13 December 1948 , Gornji Rovci , near Kolašin , Montenegro , Yugoslavia -- 7 February 2000 , Belgrade ) was Yugoslavia 's interior minister from 1992 to 1993 , and defense minister from 1993 until his murder in 2000 .
Wunibald Kamm ( April 26 , 1893 in Basel -- October 11 , 1966 in Stuttgart ) was an automobile designer , engineer , and aerodynamicist .
Johannes Meursius ( van Meurs ) ( February 9 , 1579 , Loosduinen , near the Hague -- September 20 , 1639 , Sorø ) , was a Dutch classical scholar and antiquary .
Eugenio Spreafico ( Monza , April 2 , 1856 -- Magreglio , January 7 , 1919 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes and genre works .
Jaume Cuadrat i Realp ( l'Albagés , 1899 - Barcelona , 1993 ) was a Catalan writer in both Catalan and French languages .
Hans Freyer ( born July 31 , 1887 in Leipzig , died January 18 , 1969 in Ebersteinburg near Baden - Baden ) was a conservative German sociologist and philosopher .
Lou Vernon ( 1888 , Brisbane -- 1971 , Sydney ) was a popular Australian actor of stage , radio and screen .
Anton van Wouw ( 27 December 1862 , Driebergen - 30 July 1945 , Pretoria ) was a Dutch - born sculptor regarded as the father of South African sculpture .
Margherita Aldobrandini ( Capodimonte , Lazio , 29 March 1588 -- Parma , 9 August 1646 ) was a Duchess consort of Parma .
Job Eagles Stone ( 1860 - -1935 ) was a mayor of Toowoomba , Queensland in 1909 .
Victor Gruen was born on July 18 , 1903 , in a middle - class Jewish family in Vienna , Austria .
Professor William Thelwall Thomas MBE , ChM , FRCS ( 1865 - -1927 ) was a Welsh surgeon who worked in Liverpool .
Charles Armand René de La Trémoille ( 14 January 1708 , Paris -- 23 May 1741 ) , 6th duc de Thouars , was the son of Charles Louis Bretagne de La Trémoille and his wife , Marie Madeleine Motier de la Fayette .
Max Rothmann ( April 26 , 1868 - August 12 , 1915 ) was a German neuroanatomist and physiologist who was a native of Berlin .
Carl Anton von Meyer ( in Russian : Карл Анто́нович фон Ме́йер , Karl Antonovich von Meyer ) ( 1 April 1795 in Vitebsk - 24 February 1855 in Saint Petersburg ) was a German , Russified botanist and explorer .
Henry Brarens Sloman ( 28 August 1848 -- 24 October 1931 ) was a businessman and banker based in Hamburg , Germany .
Thomas Birch Freeman ( 9 December 1809 in Twyford , Hampshire -- 10 August 1890 in Accra ) was a Methodist missionary and colonial official in West Africa .
Georg Franz Hoffmann was a German botanist and lichenologist , who was born January 13 , 1760 in Marktbreit , Germany , and died March 17 , 1826 in Moscow , Russia .
Jean de La Grange ( a.k.a . Jean de Lagrange ) ( c.1325 -- April 25 , 1402 ) was a French prelate and politician , active during the reigns of Charles V and Charles VI , and an important member of the papal curia at Avignon , at the time of the Western Schism .
Vishnu Ganesh Pingle was an Indian revolutionary and a member of the Ghadar Party who was one of those executed in 1915 following the Lahore conspiracy trial for his role in the Ghadar conspiracy .
Pedro Salinas y Serrano ( 27 November 1891 , Madrid -- 4 December 1951 , Boston ) was a Spanish poet , a member of the Generation of ' 27 , as well as a university teacher , scholar and literary critic .
Nicolae Rădescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( nikoˈla.e rəˈdesku ) ; 30 March 1874 , Călimănești -- 16 May 1953 , New York City ) was a Romanian army officer and political figure .
Harald Leipnitz ( 22 April 1926 -- 21 November 2000 ) was a German actor , who was born in Wuppertal and died in Munich .
Erwin von Steinbach ( c. 1244 -- 17 January 1318 ) was a German architect , and was a central figure in the construction of the Strasbourg Cathedral .
Imre König ( Koenig ) aka Mirko Kenig ( Sept 2 , 1901 , Gyula , Hungary -- 1992 , Santa Monica , California ) was a Hungarian chess master .
Augustus Matthiessen , FRS ( 2 January 1831 , London -- 6 October 1870 , London ) , the son of a merchant , was a British chemist and physicist who obtained his PhD in Germany at the University of Gießen in 1852 with Johann Heinrich Buff .
Herbert Hall Turner FRS ( 13 August 1861 , Leeds -- 20 August 1930 , Stockholm ) was a British astronomer and seismologist .
Joseph Désiré Tholozan was a Franco - Mauritians physician born on October 9 , 1820 in Diego Garcia ( Mauritius ) and died on July 30 , 1897 in Tehran ( Iran ) .
Eberhard Gothein ( 29 October 1853 in Neumarkt -- 13 November 1923 in Berlin ) was a German Economist and Historian .
Anthony Benezet , born Antoine Bénézet ( January 31 , 1713 -- May 3 , 1784 ) , was a French - born American abolitionist and educator who was active in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Carlo Poerio ( 1803-April 28 , Naples - 1867 , Florence ) was an Italian poet , Risorgimento and 1848 Revolution activist , politician , and brother of Alessandro Poerio .
Antonie Plămădeală ( 17 November 1926 in Stolniceni , Lăpuşna County , Bessarabia , Kingdom of Romania -- 29 August 2005 in Sibiu ) was a high - level hierarch of the Romanian Orthodox Church , the Orthodox Metropolitan of Transylvania ( 1982 - -2005 ) .
Aloys Lütolf ( born 23 July 1824 , in Gettnau near Willisau , Switzerland ; died at Lucerne , 8 April 1879 ) was a Swiss Catholic ecclesiastical historian .
Giuliana Stramigioli ( Italian : ( dʒuˈlja : na stramiˈdʒjɔ : li ) ; Rome , 8 August 1914 -- Rome , 25 July 1988 ) was an Italian business woman , university professor and Japanologist .
Mitja Nikisch was a classical pianist and dance band leader , born in Leipzig , Germany on May 21 , 1899 and died in Venice , Italy on August 5 , 1936 .
Willem Cornelisz Duyster ( 1599 - -1635 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter from Amsterdam , best known for his `` guardroom scenes '' ( cortegaarddje ) , genre paintings showing the military life .
Onorio Marinari ( 1627 -- January 5 , 1715 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Baroque period , active mainly in Florence .
Harmen van Bol'es ( Amsterdam 1689 - Saint - Petersburg 1764 ) was a royal master builder in Russia .
On August 5 , 1881 , after a long simmering feud , Crow Dog shot and killed Chief Spotted Tail on the Rosebud Indian Reservation .
Aimé - Jules Dalou ( 31 December 1838 , in Paris -- 15 April 1902 , in Paris ) was a French sculptor , recognized as one of the most brilliant virtuosos of nineteenth - century France , admired for his perceptiveness , execution , and unpretentious realism .
Wilhelm Michaelsen ( born 9 October 1860 in Hamburg , Germany , died 18 February 1937 ) was a German zoologist .
Leopold Gratz ( November 4 , 1929 , Vienna -- March 2 , 2006 , Vienna ) was an Austrian politician .
Adolph Kolping ( December 8 , 1813 in Kerpen -- December 4 , 1865 in Cologne ) was a German Catholic priest , who has been beatified by the Catholic Church .
Blessed Theodore Romzha ( Rusyn : Теодор Ромжа , Hungarian : Tódor György Romzsa , 14 April 1911 -- 31 October 1947 ) was bishop of the Ruthenian Catholic Eparchy of Mukacheve from 1944 to 1947 .
Renée Aspe ( 3 October 1922 -- 17 September 1969 ) was a French artist who lived and worked in Toulouse and Sète .
Allan Arthur Willman ( variant spellings Alan & Wilman ; né Allan Arthur Simpkins ; 11 May 1909 Hinckley , Illinois 7 May 1989 Cheyenne , Wyoming ) was an American classical pianist , composer , music pedagog at the collegiate level , and longtime chairman of the Department of Music at the University of Wyoming .
Born in Jakarta of mixed Chinese - Indonesian descent , Chrisye became interested in music at an early age .
František Lydie Gahura ( October 10 , 1891 , Zlín -- September 15 , 1958 , Brno ) was a Czech architect and sculptor who became famous for his collaboration on the architectural and urban design of Zlín , a city in southeastern Czech Republic .
His parents , Italians emigrated to Uruguay , and later -- when Francisco Canaro was less than 10 years old , they emigrated to Buenos Aires ( Argentina ) in the late nineteenth century .
Carl Hagemann ( April 9 , 1867 in Essen -- November 20 , 1940 in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German chemist , industrial manager and one of the most important German art collectors and patrons in the first half of the 20th Century .
Anne Crawford ( born Imelda Crawford ; 22 November 1920 in Haifa -- 17 October 1956 in London ) was a British film actress .
Mary Barclay died on 19 February 2008 at a nursing home in Guernsey at the age of 91 .
Lancelot Royle was the son of Rev. Vernon Royle , the famous test cricketer , and grew up at Stanmore Park , north of London .
Kafeel Ahmed ( 1 January 1979 -- 2 August 2007 ) was one of two Islamic terrorists behind the 2007 London car bombs plot and the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack .
Berard of Carbio , O.F.M. , was a Franciscan friar who was executed in Morocco due to his attempts to promote Christianity , a thirteenth - century saint and martyr .
John Engh ( 5 June 1915 in New York City -- 5 December 1996 in Bærum ) was a Norwegian architect , most known for his innovative work in stone and concrete .
Count Frederick IV of Oettingen ( d. 19 September 1415 in Eichstätt ) was archbishop of Eichstätt from 1383 until his death .
Klaus Fischer - Dieskau ( Berlin , 2 January 1921 -- 19 December 1994 ) was a German church musician and director of the Berlin Hugo - Distler Choir 1953 - 1989 .
James Tyrie ( b. at Drumkilbo , Perthshire , Scotland , 1543 ; d. at Rome , 27 May 1597 ) was a Scottish Jesuit theologian .
Aspazija was the pen name of Elza Pliekšāne ( born Elza Rozenberga ; March 16 , 1865 -- November 5 , 1943 in Jūrmala ) , a Latvian poet and playwright .
In declining health , Paul Harris Nicolas died in Notting Hill , London , on 1 May 1860 .
Walter Assef ( May 31 , 1913 -- January 14 , 1988 ) was a Canadian politician , and former Vaudevillian , who served as mayor of the city of Thunder Bay , Ontario .
Gottfried Kirch ( Kirche , Kirkius ) ( December 18 , 1639 -- July 25 , 1710 ) was a German astronomer and the first ' Astronomer Royal ' in Berlin and , as such , director of the nascent Berlin Observatory .
Louis Fürnberg ( May 24 , 1909 in Jihlava ( Iglau ) -- June 1957 , Weimar ) was a Czechoslovak - German writer , poet and journalist , composer and diplomat of Jewish descent .
Fritz Mackensen ( born 8 April 1866 in Greene , near Kreiensen , Duchy of Brunswick -- 12 May 1953 in Bremen ) was a German painter of the Düsseldorf school of painting and Art Nouveau .
After living in Addis Ababa quietly for a little over a year , Princess Tenagnework and a few of the other members of the imperial family were allowed to depart into exile .
Vjenceslav Novak ( Senj September 11 , 1859 - Zagreb September 20 , 1905 ) was a Croatian Realist writer , dramatist , and music historian .
Giuseppe Antonio Ermenegildo Prisco ( 8 September 1833 -- 4 February 1923 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church , who served as Archbishop of Naples .
Jaume Ferran i Clua ( Corbera d'Ebre , 1851 -- Barcelona 1929 ) was a Spanish bacteriologist and sanitarian , contemporary of Koch , and said by his fellows to have made some of the discoveries attributed to Koch .
Romolo Venucci ( 1903 - -1976 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor from Rijeka ( then Fiume , Hungary ) .
Friederike Sophie Seyler or F.S. Seyler , formerly Friederike Sophie Hensel ( 1737 or 1738 , Dresden -- 22 November 1789 , Schleswig , née Sparmann ; also referred to as Sophie Friederike ) , was a German actress , playwright and librettist .
Henry I of Cyprus , nicknamed the Fat , aka Henry of Lusignan or Henri I le Gros de Lusignan ( May 3 , 1217 -- January 18 , 1253 at Nicosia ) was King of Cyprus from 1218 to 1253 .
Fritz Pfleumer ( 20 March 1881 in Salzburg -- 29 August 1945 in Radebeul ) was a German - Austrian engineer who invented magnetic tape for recording sound .
William C. Dowlan ( 21 September 1882 , in St. Paul , Minnesota -- 6 November 1947 , in Los Angeles California ) was an American silent film actor , and director Dowlan initially began as an actor in films in 1912 but in 1915 became interested in directing and began simultaneously acting and directing .
Bertie Crewe ( 1860 -- 10 January 1937 in London ) was one of the leading English theatre architects in the boom of 1885 to 1915 .
Johannes François Snelleman ( Rotterdam , 26 December 1852 -- The Hague , 18 May 1938 ) was a Dutch zoologist , orientalist , ethnographer and museum director .
Jiří Kroha ( 5 June 1893 , Prague -- 7 June 1974 , Prague ) was a Czech architect , painter , sculptor , scenographer , designer and pedagogue .
Francisco Casavella , pseudonym of Francisco Garcia Hortelano , ( Barcelona , October 15 , 1963 -- December 17 , 2008 ) was a Spanish novelist .
Alexander Pavlovich Vinogradov ( Russian : Александр Павлович Виноградов ) ( August 21 , 1895 , Petretsovo , Yaroslavl Oblast - November 16 , 1975 , Moscow ) was a Soviet geochemist , academician ( 1953 ) , and Hero of Socialist Labor ( 1949 , 1975 ) .
Caspar Georg Carl Reinwardt ( 5 June 1773 , Lüttringhausen -- 6 March 1854 , Leiden ) was a Prussian - born Dutch botanist .
Stephen Mix Mitchell ( December 9 , 1743 -- September 30 , 1835 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and statesman from Wethersfield , Connecticut .
Ahmad Fardid ( Persian : سید احمد فردید‎‎ ) ( Born in 1909 , Yazd -- 16 August 1994 , Tehran ) was a prominent Iranian philosopher and an inspiring and dedicated professor of Tehran University .
Jan Zdeněk Bartoš ( 4 June 1908 , Dvůr Králové nad Labem -- 1 June 1981 , Prague ) was a Czech composer .
Austen Kark died at the age of 75 in the Potters Bar rail crash , in which his wife was severely injured .
Mary Linwood ( 1755 - -1845 ) was a needle woman who exhibited her worsted embroidery or crewel embroidery in Leicester and London , and was the school mistress of a private school later known as Mary Linwood Comprehensive School .
François Auguste Victor Grignard ( May 6 , 1871 in Cherbourg - December 13 , 1935 in Lyon ) was a Nobel Prize - winning French chemist .
François - Philippe Charpentier ( b. Blois , 1734 ; d. there 22 July 1817 ) was a French engraver and inventor .
Theodor von Holleben ( 18 September 1838 Stettin , Pomerania -- 31 January 1913 Berlin ) was a German diplomat .
Cipriano Ferrandini ( 1823 - -1910 ) was a hairdresser from Corsica who emigrated to the United States , and established himself as the long - time barber and hairdresser in the basement of Barnum 's Hotel , in Baltimore , Maryland .
Hyperbolus went to live on the island of Samos where he was murdered in 411 BC by oligarchic revolutionaries around the time of the coup of the 400 that for several months suppressed the democracy at Athens .
Eduard Zimmermann was born on 4 February 1929 in Alte Heide in the borough of Schwabing - Freimann in Munich , Germany to a teenage mother who worked as a waitress .
Liane Berkowitz was born in Berlin , the daughter of conductor Victor Vasilyev and his wife , the singing teacher Catherine Jewsienko .
Ethelbert Stauffer ( May 8 , 1902 , in Friedelsheim -- August 1 , 1979 in Erlangen ) was a German Protestant theologian and numismatist .
Don Martín García Óñez de Loyola ( 1549 in Azpeitia , Gipuzkoa -- December 24 , 1598 at Curalaba ) was a Spanish Basque soldier and Royal Governor of the Captaincy General of Chile .
Lupold of Bebenburg ( German : Lupold von Bebenberg ; died 1363 ) was the Bishop of Bamberg from 1353 , as Leopold III . He is best known for his political writings .
Napoleone Parisani ( 11 April 1854 , Camerino - 20 September 1932 , Rome ) was an Italian landscape and occasional portrait painter .
John Munroe continued serving in the Army until his death on 26 April 1861 in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
Charles Jacques Édouard Morren ( 1833 - 1886 ) , was a Belgian botanist , professor of botany and director of the Jardin botanique de l'Université de Liège from 1857 - 1886 .
Ezio Maria Gray ( born 9 October 1885 in Novara , Piedmont - died 8 February 1969 in Rome ) was an Italian politician and journalist .
Hans Bobek ( 17 May 1903 in Klagenfurt -- 15 February 1990 in Vienna ) was an Austrian geographer .
A native of the village of Brantham in the Babergh district of South Suffolk , Basil Acres began his career in his home parish , before signing with Ipswich Town F.C. in July 1951 .
Howard Spencer ( 23 August 1875 , Edgbaston , Birmingham -- January 1940 , Sutton Coldfield ) was one of Aston Villa 's all - time greatest players .
Robert von Haug ( 27 May 1857 , Stuttgart - 3 April 1922 , Stuttgart ) was a German impressionist painter , illustrator and lithographer who specialized in scenes from the `` Befreiungskriege '' .
Ernst Ferdinand Klein ( 3 September 1744 in Wrocław -- 18 March 1810 in Berlin ) was a German jurist and prominent representative of the Berlin Enlightenment .
Bryan Montgomery was born in 1946 in San Angelo , Texas ; he died in 2008 in Malibu , California .
Sergio Morin ( September 16 , 1931 in Monfalcone - October 12 , 2010 ) was an Italian professional footballer .
Wincenty Rzymowski ( 19 July 1883 in Mława -- 30 April 1950 in Warsaw ) was a Polish politician and writer .
Floyd Dell died in Bethesda , Maryland , near Washington , D.C. , on July 23 , 1969 .
Narciso López ( Caracas , November 2 , 1797 -- Havana , September 1 , 1851 ) was a Venezuelan adventurer and soldier , best known for four expeditions aimed at liberating Cuba from Spain in the 1850s .
László Fejes Tóth ( Hungarian : Fejes Tóth László , pronounced ( ˈfɛjɛʃ ˈtoːt ˈlaːsloː ) Szeged , 12 March 1915 -- Budapest , 17 March 2005 ) was a Hungarian mathematician who specialized in geometry .
Carlos Luis Federico de Brandsen ( Paris , November 28 , 1785 -- Battle of Ituzaingó , February 20 , 1827 ) was a Coronel of French origin who fought in many of the South American wars of independence and for Argentina in the War with Brazil .
Arcadi Mas i Fondevila , or Fontdevila ( 12 November 1852 , Barcelona - 31 January 1934 , Sitges ) , was a Catalonian painter and graphic artist .
Pat Hanna ( born George Patrick Hanna , 18 March 1888 Whitianga , New Zealand ; died 24 October 1973 Ampthill , Bedfordshire , England ) was a New Zealand soldier of the First World War who entertained postwar audiences with Digger travelling stage shows and films .
Jean - Louis Victor Grisart ( Paris , 28 June 1797 - Paris , 14 May 1877 ) was a French architect .
Abraham Genoels II or Abraham Genouil ( nickname : Archimedes ) ( 1640 , Antwerp --1723 , Antwerp ) was a Flemish Baroque painter , draughtsman and engraver now mainly known for his landscape drawings and etchings .
Johann Baptist Streicher ( 3 January 1796 , Vienna -- 28 March 1871 , Vienna ) was an Austrian piano maker .
Werner Villinger ( 9 October 1887 in Besigheim -- 8 August 1961 near Innsbruck ) was a Nazi German psychiatrist , neurologist , eugenicist and the leading physician at the Bethel Institution ( `` Anstalt Bethel '' ) .
Jan Styka ( April 8 , 1858 in Lwów -- April 11 , 1925 in Rome ) was a Polish painter noted for producing large historical , battle - piece , and Christian religious panoramas .
Selahattin Ülkümen ( 14 January 1914 in Antakya -- 7 June 2003 in Istanbul ) was a Turkish diplomat and consul in Rhodes during the Second World War , who assisted many local Jews to escape the Holocaust .
Ivan Nikitich Konev was born on 5 January 1899 in Sheshminskaya village in Samara Governorate to a peasant family .
Richard Specht ( 7 December 1870 , Vienna - 19 March 1932 ) was an Austrian lyricist , dramatist , musicologist and writer .
Françoise Adnet ( 30 June 1924 - 9 March 2014 ) was a French figurative painter born in Paris .
Felix Maria von Exner - Ewarten ( 23 August 1876 in Vienna -- 7 February 1930 , Vienna ) was an Austrian meteorologist and geophysicist .
Erasmo Bartoli Filippino or Erasmo di Bartolo , called padre Raimo ( 1606 - -1656 ) , was an Italian priest , composer , and teacher at the conservatories in Naples .
Victor Mayer Amédée Mannheim ( 17 July 1831 , Paris , France -- 11 December 1906 , Paris , France ) was the inventor of the modern slide rule .
Paw Oo Thet ( Burmese : ပေါ်ဦးသက် , pronounced : ( pɔ̀ ʔù θɛʔ ) ; 1936 -- 13 April 1993 ) was a Burmese painter , prominent in the Mandalay art scene who became one of the initiators of a modernistic art movement in Burma in the early 1960s .
Joseph Hermann Schmidt ( 1804 - -1852 ) was professor of Obstetrics in Berlin , and official of the Prussian cultural ministry .
Rosario Maceo ( Sr . ) , also known as Papa Rose or Rose Maceo , was a Sicilian immigrant and organized crime boss in Galveston , Texas in the United States .
Erwin Stresemann ( 22 November 1889 , Dresden -- 20 November 1972 , East Berlin ) was a German naturalist and ornithologist .
Paul the Silentiary , also known as Paulus Silentiarius ( Greek : Παῦλος ὁ Σιλεντιάριος , d. Constantinople , 575 - 580 AD ) , was a Greek poet .
Karl Lennert , M.D. ( June 4 , 1921 in Fürth , Germany -- August 27 , 2012 in Kiel , Germany ) was a German physician and pathologist .
Johannes Stenrat ( sometimes Hans Stenrat , Stenradh , Stenrat of Lübeck , Stenrode , Steynrot ) c. 1410 - 1484 ) was a German Northern renaissance wood carver and painter , active in Lübeck .
Pietro Gaudenzi ( January 18 , 1880 in Genoa -- December 23 , 1955 in Anticoli Corrado , near Rome ) was an Italian painter .
Conrad Graf ( 17 November 1782 in Riedlingen , Württemberg -- 18 March 1851 in Vienna ) was an Austrian - German piano maker .
César De Paepe ( 12 July 1841 in Ostend , Belgium - 1890 in Cannes , France ) was a medical doctor and a prominent syndicalist whose work strongly influenced the Industrial Workers of the World and the syndicalist movement in general .
On 11 March 1918 , Attilio Imolesi died in the field hospital in Marostica .
Joseph Netzer ( born 20 February 1826 in Martelange ; died 21 June 1901 in Arlon ) was mayor of Arlon from 1880 until 1901 .
Cornelis Boeke ( 25 September 1884 , Alkmaar - 3 July 1966 , Abcoude ) , usually known as Kees Boeke , was a Dutch reformist educator , Quaker missionary and pacifist .
Jan Jindřich Marek ( Liblín , 1803 - -Kralovice , 1853 ) , known also by his nom de plume Jan z Hvězdy , was a Czech priest and poet .
George Tosh died in 1900 , in Scunthorpe , Lincolnshire .
Lee Mullican ( December 2 , 1919 in Chickasha , Oklahoma -- July 8 , 1998 in Santa Monica , California ) was a painter and art teacher , and an influential member of the Dynaton Movement .
Geoffrey Rufus ( died 1141 ) was a medieval Bishop of Durham and Lord Chancellor of England .
Jean - Louis Baudelocque ( November 30 , 1745 -- May 2 , 1810 ) was a French obstetrician who studied and practiced medicine in Paris .
Saint Altfrid ( or Altfrid of Hildesheim ) ( died 15 August 874 ) was a leading figure in Germany in the ninth century .
Soh Hang - suen ( 10 October 1951 -- 12 June 2013 ) , ( alternatively romanised as So Hung - shuen ) , was a Hong Kong actress .
Arpad Joó ( born , Budapest , Hungary , 1948 ; died 4 July 2014 , Singapore ) was a Hungarian conductor and concert pianist .
Mikhail Minin was born in 1922 in the village of Vanino , in western Russia 's Pskov Oblast .
Peter Bamm ( a pen name ; his real name was Curt Emmrich ; 20 October 1897 in Hochneukirch , now part of Jüchen , Germany -- 30 March 1975 in Zollikon , Switzerland ) was a German writer .
John Francis Queeny ( August 17 , 1859 -- March 19 , 1933 ) born in Chicago , founded the Monsanto Company in St. Louis , Missouri , as Monsanto Chemical Works , on November 30 , 1901 , with $ 5,000 .
Géza Hofi ( born Géza Hoffmann , July 2 , 1936 in Budapest ; died April 10 , 2002 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian actor and comedian .
Julio César Castro , also known as Juceca ( Montevideo , 6 May 1928 - Ib . , 11 September 2003 ) was an Uruguayan comedian , narrator , actor and dramatist .
Franz Joseph Molitor , or Joseph Franz Molitor ( July 7 , 1779 , Oberursel / Taunus - March 23 , 1860 Frankfurt / Main ) was a German writer and philosopher .
Hyacinthe Camille Teisseire ( 22 September 1764 -- 12 September 1842 ) was a French politician and businessman prominent in the civic and industrial life of Grenoble , the city of his birth , during the first half of the 19th century .
Absamat Masaliyevich Masaliyev ( Абсамат Масалиевич Масалиев ) ( April 10 , 1933 , Alysh , Osh oblast , Kyrgyz SSR -- July 31 , 2004 , Bishkek ) was the leader of the Kyrgyz Soviet Socialist Republic before it gained independence , and led the Party of Communists of Kyrgyzstan after the dissolution of the Soviet Union .
Fritz Hoffmann , later Fritz Hoffmann - La Roche ( 1868 , Basel ( French : Bâle ) -- 1920 , Basel ) was the founder of the Hoffmann - La Roche Ltd. ( French : F. Hoffmann - La Roche SA , German : die F. Hoffmann - La Roche AG ) .
Ulrich Roski ( 4 March 1944 , Prüm , Rhine Province -- 20 February 2003 , Berlin ) was a German singer - songwriter who achieved his greatest successes in the 1970s .
José Iglesias de la Casa ( 31 October 1748 , Salamanca -- 26 August 1791 , Carbajosa de la Sagrada ) was a Spanish priest and poet .
Laudelino Mejías , b. ( Trujillo , Venezuela , August , 1893 ) , d. ( Caracas , Venezuela , November 30 , 1963 ) , was a Venezuelan composer , best known for the waltz Conticinio .
Jules Édouard Valtat , who was born August 7 , 1838 in Troyes and died for his country during the Siege of Paris in January 1871 , was a French sculptor .
Antonio Labacco was a 16th - century architect , engraver , and writer about the architecture of classical Rome .
Bernard Lamy ( 15 June 1640 , in Le Mans , France--29 January 1715 , in Rouen , France ) was a French Oratorian , mathematician and theologian .
Richard Baldus ( 11 May 1885 , Salonika -- 28 January 1945 , Munich ) was a German mathematician , specializing in geometry .
Joan Llimona ( 1860 - 1926 ) was a catalonian artist who rose to popularity at end of the Romantic movement in Europe , Llimona was a key contributor to the modernist movement Llimona was born in Barcelona in 1860 and passed away in 1926 in his hometown of Barcelona .
Agostino Bonisoli ( 1633 - -1700 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , who was born and worked mainly in Cremona .
Jonas Platt Goodsell ( 1819 Utica , Oneida County , New York - November 22 , 1869 Durhamville , Oneida County , New York ) was an American civil engineer and politician from New York .
Michel - Étienne Turgot ( 9 June 1690 , in Paris -- 1 February 1751 , in Paris ) was prévôt des marchands de Paris ( `` Master of the merchants of Paris '' , i.e. Mayor of Paris ) from 1729 to 1740 .
Marguerite Gourdan , née Stock ( Béziers - 28 September 1783 in Paris ) was a French brothel owner and procurer in 18th - century Paris .
Jean Guillaume ( Fosses - la - Ville , 28 October 1918 -- Namur , 9 February 2001 ) was a Belgian writer in Wallon .
André Renard ( Valenciennes 25 May 1911 - Seraing 20 July 1962 ) , was the leader of an important tendency in Walloon trade unionism .
Lajos Gulácsy ( Budapest , 1882 - Budapest , 1932 ) was a Hungarian painter with works collected by the Hungarian National Gallery .
Barrington Dacres appears to have been in poor health and died at Bath , Somerset on 25 October 1806 .
Yevhen Shcherban ( Ukrainian : Євген Олександрович Щербань , January 18 , 1946 , Kostiantynivka -- November 3 , 1996 , Donetsk ) was a Ukrainian businessman and politician .
Giovanni Sante Gaspero Santini ( b. Caprese in Tuscany , 30 Jan. , 1787 ; d. Noventa Padovana , 26 June 1877 ) was an Italian astronomer and mathematician .
Samuel Brawand ( born 18 May 1898 in Grindelwald , Switzerland , died 11 July 2001 in Grindelwald ) was a Swiss politician ( SP ) and mountaineer .
Sukumari died on 26 March 2013 , following a heart attack while under treatment for burn injuries she received while lighting the pooja lamp at her residence in Chennai .
In April , 1928 , Li Zongren , with Bai Chongxi , led the Fourth Army group to advance on Beijing , capturing Handan , Baoding , and Shijiazhuang by June 1 .
Jean Turcan ( Arles , 13 September 1846 -- Arles , 3 January 1895 ) was a French sculptor who specialized particularly in public figures .
Emil Bock ( born May 19 , 1895 in Barmen , died December 6 , 1959 in Stuttgart ) was a German anthroposophist , author , theologian and one of the founders of The Christian Community .
Martin Gustav Nottebohm ( 12 November 1817 , Lüdenscheid , Westphalia -- 29 October 1882 , Graz ) was a pianist , teacher , musical editor and composer who spent most of his career in Vienna .
Robertine Barry ( 26 February 1863 -- 7 January 1910 ) , pseudonym Françoise , was an early French Canadian journalist and publisher and a popular member of Montreal society .
André - Gaston Prételat ( 14 November 1874 , Wassy , Champagne , France -- 6 December 1969 , Paris , France ) was a general in the French Army .
Jakob Weis ( 13 May 1879 , Ommersheim , Saarpfalz - 18 March 1948 , Zweibrücken ) was a priest in the Diocese of Speyer , who also worked as a prison chaplain .
Erwin Straus ( 11 November 1891 , Frankfurt am Main -- 20 May 1975 , Lexington , Kentucky ) was a German - American phenomenologist and neurologist who helped to pioneer anthropological medicine and psychiatry , a holistic approach to medicine that is critical of mechanistic and reductionistic approaches to understanding and treating human beings .
Carlos García - Bedoya Zapata ( November 7 , 1925 ; Lima - October 2 , 1980 ; Lima ) was a Peruvian diplomat .
Carl Almenräder ( 3 October 1786 in Ronsdorf ( Wuppertal ) -- 14 September 1846 in Biebrich ) was a German performer , teacher and composer .
Victor - Charles Mahillon ( March 10 , 1841 in Brussels -- June 17 , 1924 in Saint - Jean - Cap - Ferrat , France ) was a Belgian musician and writer on musical topics .
Leszek Błażyński ( 5 March 1949 , Ełk , Warmińsko - Mazurskie -- 6 August 1992 , Katowice , Śląskie ) was a Polish boxer who twice won the bronze medal in the men 's flyweight ( -- 51 kg ) division at the Summer Olympics .
Sarmad Tariq ( also known as `` the chairman '' ) was a storyteller and motivational speaker from Islamabad , Pakistan .
David Allan Young , Jr. ( May 26 , 1915 , Wilkinsburg , Pennsylvania - June 8 , 1991 , Louisville , Kentucky ) , was an American entomologist who specialized in the taxonomy of the Cicadellidae and authored a comprehensive treatment of the family with numerous genera and species described and named by him .
Meir Balaban or Majer Samuel Bałaban ( 3 March ( O.S. 20 February ) 1877 , 18 Adar ( 5)637 , Lviv - 26 December 1942 , Tevet ( 5)702 , Warsaw Ghetto ) was one of the most outstanding historians of Polish and Galician Jews , and the founder of Polish Jewish historiography .
Marguerite Whitten ( 23 February 1913 , Greenville , Mississippi , USA -- 25 December 1990 , Los Angeles County , California , USA ) was an American film actress appearing in 14 films between 1938 and 1943 , often with actor Mantan Moreland .
Gertrud Morneweg ( d. 1301 ) , was a business person and banker in Lübeck in the 13th - century .
Mohammed Khadda ( 14 March 1930 , Mostaganem , Algeria -- 4 May 1991 , Algiers , Algeria ) was an Algerian painter , sculptor , and writer .
Girolamo Lucenti ( 1627 - -1692 ) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period , active in Rome .
Josef Jakobs ( 30 June 1898 -- 15 August 1941 ) was a German spy and the last person to be executed at the Tower of London .
Sankaran Kutty Pottekkatt ( Malayalam : ശങ്കരൻ കുട്ടി പൊറ്റെക്കാട്ട് ; 14 March 1913 -- 6 August 1982 ) , popularly known as S. K. Pottekkatt ( Malayalam : എസ്.കെ. പൊറ്റെക്കാട്ട് ) , was a famous Malayalam writer from Kerala state , South India .
Oscar Hammerstein I ( 8 May 1846 -- 1 August 1919 ) was a German - born businessman , theater impresario and composer in New York City .
Abdelaziz Thâalbi 's father was a notary whose family moved to Tunis after the 1830 French occupation of Algeria .
Louis - Léonce Trullet ( Saint - Tropez , 6 October 1756 -- Toulon , 1 February 1827 ) was a French Navy officer .
David Dunbar Buick ( September 17 , 1854 -- March 5 , 1929 ) was a Scottish - born American Detroit - based inventor , best known for founding the Buick Motor Company .
David Ossipovitch Widhopff ( Russian - Давид Осипович Видгоф ) ( 1867 , Odessa - 1933 , Saint - Clair - sur - Epte ) was a Russian and French painter , caricaturist and poster artist .
Max Kohnstamm was born in Amsterdam , Netherlands , the son of Philip Kohnstamm , a physicist , philosopher and pedagogue of Jewish - German origin .
Frank Kearns died of cancer on August 1 , 1986 at age 68 at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York City .
Laura Bullion moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1918 , posing as a war widow and using assumed names .
Si Mohand ou - Mhand n At Hmadouch , also known as Si Mhand , ( Icerɛiwen , Tizi Rached , about 1848 - Ain El Hammam , 28 December 1905 ) was a widely known Berber poet from Kabylie in Algeria .
Jovan Pačić ( Baja , November 6 , 1771 - Budapest , December 4 , 1849 ) was a Serbian soldier , poet , writer , translator , illustrator and painter .
Liddle Towers ( died 9 February 1976 ) was a 39-year - old electrician and amateur boxing coach from Chester - le - Street , County Durham , England , who died following a spell in police custody in 1976 .
Tibor Bodor ( 11 February 1921 in Kiskunhalas -- 20 July 2000 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian actor , voice actor , teacher .
Pierre de Carcavi , was born in the early 1600s ( decade ) , probably 1603 , in Lyon , France , died in Paris in April 1684 , was a secretary of the National Library of France under Louis XIV and French mathematician .
André Marie Constant Duméril was born on January 1 , 1774 in Amiens and died on August 14 , 1860 in Paris .
Lin Wang lived out most of his life in the Taipei Zoo and unquestionably was the most popular and famous animal in Taiwan .
Agustín Esteve y Marqués ( May 12 , 1753 -- 1830 ) was a Spanish painter , mainly active in the Royal household in Madrid .
Alexander Riese ( 2 June 1840 , Frankfurt -- 8 October 1924 , Frankfurt ) was a German classical scholar .
'' Vandringar i Aslaug Vaas dikting ( Oslo : Aschehoug ) ISBN 82 - 03 - 18440 - 5
Siegfried Flügge ( 16 March 1912 , in Dresden -- 15 December 1997 , in Hinterzarten ) was a German theoretical physicist and made contributions to nuclear physics and the theoretical basis for nuclear weapons .
Wilhelm Holzamer ( born in Nieder - Olm , Rhenish Hesse , 28 March 1870 ; died in Berlin , 28 August 1907 ) was a German novelist and short - story writer .
António Augusto de Rocha Peixoto ( Póvoa de Varzim , Portugal , 18 May 1866 - Matosinhos , Portugal , 2 May 1909 ) was a notable naturalist , ethnologist and archaeologist known throughout the country .
Suso Cecchi d'Amico ( 21 July 1914 , Rome -- 31 July 2010 , Rome ) was an Italian screenwriter and actress .
Georg Hans Madelung ( born 31 July 1889 in Rostock , died 17 August 1972 in Uffing ) was a German academic and aeronautical engineer .
Jamal al - Din Yusuf bin al - Amir Sayf al - Din Taghribirdi ( جمال الدين يوسف بن الأمير سيف الدين تغري بردي ) or Ibn Taghribirdi ( 1410 - 1470 AD/813 - 874 Hijri ) was an Egyptian historian born into the Turkish Mamluk elite of Cairo in the 15th century .
Auguste Baillayre ( 1879 , Eastern Pyrenees - 1961 , Bucharest ) was a painter from France .
Kurt Kren ( September 20 , 1929 - died in Vienna on June 23 , 1998 ) was an Austrian avant - garde filmmaker .
Städtische Galerie Filderhalle , Leinfelden - Echterdingen , 1988 Lilo Rasch - Naegele .
Samson Raphaelson ( b. New York City ; 1894 - -1983 ) was a leading American playwright , screenwriter and short - story author in the first half of the 20th century .
Karl Janssen ( 29 May 1855 -- 2 December 1927 ) was a German sculptor working in the Baroque revival tradition ; he was born and died in Düsseldorf .
In 1985 , just after her 60th birthday , Laura Ashley fell down the stairs of her daughter 's home in the West Midlands and was taken to hospital in Coventry , where she died ten days later of a brain haemorrhage .
Leela Naidu was born in Bombay ( now Mumbai ) , India .
Adam Menelaws , also spelled Menelas ( born between 1748 and 1756 , presumably in Edinburgh -- died 31 August 1831 in Saint Petersburg , Russian : Адам Адамович Менелас ) was an architect and landscape designer of Scottish origin , active in the Russian Empire from 1784 to 1831 .
William Morris Hunt died at the Isles of Shoals , New Hampshire , in 1879 , apparently a suicide .
Johannes Albert Neuhuys ( Utrecht , 10 June 1844 -- Locarno , 6 February 1914 ) was one of the best known painters of the Laren School and a friend of many of the Hague School painters .
I have been long enough with you in the journey of life ) Shivani continued to write till her last days , and died on 21 March 2003 in New Delhi .
Francés de Corteta , also known as Corteta de Prades ( in French François de Cortète and Cortète de Prades ; Agen , 1586 -- Hautefage , September 3 , 1667 ) was a nobleman from the Agen province and an Occitan - language poet and baroque play writer .
Ángel Ganivet García ( 13 December 1865 in Granada , Spain -- 29 November 1898 in Riga ) , Spanish writer and diplomat .
Pier Giorgio Perotto ( Turin , December 24 , 1930 -- Genoa , January 23 , 2002 ) was an Italian electrical engineer and inventor .
Gustav Emil Devrient ( 4 September 1803 , Berlin -- 7 August 1872 , Dresden ) was a German actor and an occasional operatic bass .
Ladislaus Weinek ( Hungarian : Weinek László , February 13 , 1848 , Buda -- November 12 , 1913 , Prague ) was an Austro - Hungarian astronomer .
Helene Brandt ( born 1936 , Philadelphia , PA - died August 27 , 2013 in New Bern , NC ) worked in New York , New York as a sculptor .
Louis - René Villermé ( b. Paris , 10 March 1782 ; d. there , 16 November , 1863 ) was a French doctor .
Ernestine von Fürth , née Kisch ( 5 October 1877 , Prague - 31 October 1946 , Washington , D.C. ) was an Austrian - Jewish women 's activist , the founder and leader of the women 's suffrage movement in Austria .
Benno Sterzenbach ( born 3 March 1916 Osnabrück - died 13 September 1985 Feldafing ) was a German cinema and theatre actor and director .
Lieutenant Pruett Mullens Dennett was killed in action on 2 June 1918 near Estaires , Nord , France .
Egbert van Heemskerck , or Egbert Jaspersz van Heemskerk ( 1634 - -1704 ) was a Haarlem Dutch Golden Age painter of genre works who died in London in 1704 .
Ike Bloom ( c. 1865 -- December 15 , 1930 ) was an American businessman , cabaret and nightclub owner in Chicago , Illinois from the turn of the 20th century and throughout Prohibition .
Talat Avni Özüdoğru ( 1880 ; Samsun - August 13 , 1939 ; Samsun ) was a military officer of the Ottoman Army , a politician of the Ottoman Empire and the Republic of Turkey .
Augustin Coppens or Aurelius Augustinus Coppens ( Brussels , 9 March 1668 -- Brussels , 31 August 1740 ) was a Flemish painter , engraver , draughtsman and tapestry designer active in Brussels .
Bigelow was elected a member of the Boston Historical Society in April 1864 , and in 1869 presented to that society six large volumes entitled Inventions of Erastus Brigham Bigelow patented in England from 1837 to 1868 in which were gathered the printed specifications of eighteen patents granted to him in England .
Isaak Tirion ( 1705 in Utrecht -- 1765 in Amsterdam ) was an 18th - century publisher from the Northern Netherlands .
Ken Southworth died at his home in Anaheim , California , on December 6 , 2007 , at the age of 89 following a series of strokes .
Constantine sent his half - brother , the Censor Flavius Dalmatius to quell the rebellion , and Calocaerus was defeated , and afterwards brought to Tarsus in Cilicia , where he was tried and executed .
Patrick Adamson ( 1537 - -1592 ) was a Scottish divine , and Archbishop of St Andrews from 1575 .
Giovanni Biliverti ( surname also written as Bilivelt and Bilivert or other variants ) ( Florence , 25 August 1585 -- Florence , 16 July 1644 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Mannerism and early - Baroque period , active mainly in his adoptive city of Florence , as well as Rome .
Maurice Wilson MC ( 21 April 1898 -- 1934 ) was a British soldier , mystic , mountaineer and aviator who is known for his ill - fated attempt to climb Mount Everest alone in 1934 .
Anton Bourguignon von Baumberg ( born in Heřmanův Městec , Austrian Empire , 8 June 1808 -- 28 May 1879 in Pula , Austro - Hungarian Empire ) was an Austro - Hungarian admiral .
After the destruction of Corinth in the same year , Polybius returned to Greece , making use of his Roman connections to lighten the conditions there .
Nathanael Gottfried Leske ( 22 October 1751 in Muskau -- 25 November 1786 in Marburg ) was a German natural scientist and geologist .
Jacob Axel Gillberg ( 17 December 1769 , Södermanland -- 1 October 1845 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish miniature painter .
George Ziegenfuss ( September 26 , 1917 in Centerville , Wisconsin -- December 2 , 2007 in San Diego , California ) was the head men 's basketball coach at San Diego State University from 1948 until 1969 .
Anselm of Meissen ( German : Anselm von Meißen , died no later than 1278 in Elbing ( Elbląg ) ) was a priest of the Teutonic Order and the first actual Bishop of Warmia ( Varmia , Ermland , or Ermeland ) .
Karl Theodor Anton Maria von Dalberg ( 8 February 1744 -- 10 February 1817 ) was Archbishop of Mainz , Arch - Chancellor of the Holy Roman Empire , Prince of Regensburg , Prince - Primate of the Confederation of the Rhine and Grand Duke of Frankfurt .
Benedetta Carlini was born to a middle - class Italian family , who were able to buy her a place in a reasonably comfortable convent , the Convent of the Mother of God , at Pescia .
Olaf Rye ( November 16 , 1791 , Bø , Telemark -- July 6 , 1849 , Fredericia ) was a Norwegian - Danish military officer .
Job Adriaenszoon Berckheyde ( 27 January 1630 -- before 23 November 1693 ) was a Dutch artist of the 17th century , active in Haarlem , Amsterdam , and The Hague .
Steven De Groote was born in Johannesburg , South Africa into a Belgian family in which , for three generations , almost every member had been a professional musician .
Princess Leopoldine of Baden ( Leopoldine Wilhelmine Amalie Pauline Maximiliane ; 22 February 1837 , Karlsruhe - 23 December 1903 , Strasbourg ) , was a Princess of Baden by birth and Princess of Hohenlohe - Langenburg by marriage .
Mastino II della Scala ( 1308 -- June 3 , 1351 ) was lord of Verona .
Jutta of Thuringia ( born : 1184 ; died : 6 August 1235 in Schleusingen ) was the eldest daughter of Landgrave Hermann I of Thuringia and his first wife , Sophia of Sommerschenburg , a daughter of Fredrick II of Sommerschenburg .
Major John Fairfax - Blakeborough O.B.E. , M.C. ( born Guisborough 16 January 1883 ; died Westerdale 1 January 1976 ) a.k.a . `` Jack '' was an English writer and folklorist .
Henk Faanhof ( 29 August 1922 -- 27 January 2015 ) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer from Amsterdam .
William Leon Dawson died at White Cross Hospital in Columbus , Ohio on 30 April 1928 after a short bout with influenza that had worsened into pneumonia .
Július Satinský ( 20 August 1941 in Bratislava -- 29 December 2002 in Bratislava ) was a Slovak actor , comedian , singer , showman and writer .
Heikki Aaltoila , ( December 11 , 1905 in Hausjärvi - January 11 , 1992 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish film composer who served 40 years as the conductor of Finnish National Theatre 's orchestra .
Norman Cazden ( Born September 23 , 1914 in New York City ; died August 18 , 1980 in Bangor , Maine ) was an American composer .
Antonio De Rosso ( Farra di Soligo , 8 February 1941 -- Aprilia , Lazio , 20 February 2009 ) was the founder of the Orthodox Church in Italy and the Metropolitan of Ravenna , L'Aquila and Italy .
Hannah Wilke was born in 1940 in New York City to Jewish parents whose parents were Eastern European immigrants .
Sheikh Hamada ( born 1889 , Blad Touahria near Mostaganem ; died April 9 , 1968 ) was an Algerian singer .
Hristo Nikolov Makedonski or Hristo Makedonski ( Bulgarian : Христо Николов Македонски ) ( 1835 , Gorni Todorak , today Greece - July 5 , 1916 , Ruse , Bulgaria ) was a Bulgarian hajduk voivode and revolutionary from Macedonia .
Lorenzo Robledo ( 1921 - September 2006 in Madrid ) was a Spanish film actor , who made over 85 appearances in film between 1956 and 1982 .
James Benton Flippen ( July 18 , 1920 -- June 28 , 2011 ) was an old - time fiddler from Mount Airy , North Carolina .
Philippe Grass ( born in Wolxheim on May 6 , 1801 ; died in Strasbourg on 9 April 1876 ) was a French sculptor .
Christian Heinrich Postel ( 11 October 1658 -- 22 March 1705 ) was a German jurist , epic poet and opera librettist , who wrote 28 libretti for the Oper am Gänsemarkt in Hamburg , set by composers such as Johann Philipp Förtsch , Reinhard Keiser and Georg Philipp Telemann .
Dorothy Dickson ( July 25 , 1893 -- September 25 , 1995 ) was an American - born , London - based theater actress and singer .
`` Lefty '' Lew Tendler ( September 28 , 1898 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- November 5 , 1970 , in Atlantic City , New Jersey ) was an American boxer .
Juan Eduardo David Posada ( born 25 April 1911 , Las Villas , Cuba -- died 8 August 1981 , Havana ) was a Cuban artist .
Barbara Longhi was born on 21 September 1552 in the northern Italian city of Ravenna , where she spent her entire life .
Saint Amadeus of the Amidei ( died 12 February 1266 ) , also known as Bartholomeus Amadeus degli Amidei , was an important religious figure in 13th century Florence .
When Razadarit became the ruler of Hanthawaddy in 1384 , the 16-year - old boy - king held just the Pegu ( Bago ) province while the other two major Mon - speaking regions of the Irrawaddy delta and Martaban ( Mottama ) were in open rebellion .
Enrico Cuccia ( 24 November 1907 -- 23 June 2000 ) was an Italian banker , who was the first and long - term president of Mediobanca SpA , the Milan - based investment bank , and a significant figure in the history of capitalism in Italy .
Elinor Remick Warren ( February 23 , 1900 , Los Angeles -- April 27 , 1991 , Los Angeles ) was an American composer of contemporary classical music and pianist .
Harald Paumgarten ( 4 April 1904 in Graz - 6 February 1952 near Sankt Anton am Arlberg ) was an Austrian cross country skier , ski jumper , and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1920s and in the 1930s .
Christian of Prachatice ( Czech : Křišťan z Prachatice ) ( 1360 - -1368 , Prachatice , Kingdom of Bohemia -- 4 September 1439 , Prague , Kingdom of Bohemia ) was a medieval Bohemian astronomer , mathematician and former Catholic priest who converted to the Hussite movement .
Franco Casavola ( 13 July 1891 , Modugno , near Bari -- 7 July 1955 , Bari ) was a Futurist composer and theorist .
Nicolas Pavillon ( b. at Paris , 1597 ; d. at Alet , 1677 ) was a French bishop of Alet and Jansenist .
Cesare Baronio ( also known as Caesar Baronius ; 30 August 1538 -- 30 June 1607 ) was an Italian cardinal and ecclesiastical historian of the Roman Catholic Church .
Hervé Itoua ( born 1942 ) is the former bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ouesso .
Marcus Manlius Capitolinus ( died 384 BC ) was consul of the Roman Republic in 392 BC . He was the brother of Aulus Manlius Capitolinus .
Matthew J. Ryan was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for over 40 years and served as Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Georg Holzherr ( January 22 , 1927 -- February 26 , 2012 ) was the Roman Catholic abbot of Einsiedeln Abbey , Switzerland .
Jeffrey Steiner ( April 3 , 1937 , Vienna -- November 1 , 2008 ) was the chief executive officer of the Fairchild Corporation , the successor corporation of Fairchild Industries , Inc. Steiner was born in Vienna , Austria .
Nicolas M. Mondejar , D.D. ( born 15 September 1924 ) is a Filipino Roman Catholic bishop .
Michel Amani N'Guessan ( born 1957 ) is an Ivorian politician and the current defence minister of Côte d'Ivoire for the Ivorian Popular Front ( FPI ) .
Daniel G. Huberty , known as Dan Huberty ( born June 21 , 1968 ) , is a businessman from Humble , Texas , a suburb of Houston , who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives .
Bikheris is the hellenized name of an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh , who may have ruled during the 4th Dynasty ( Old Kingdom period ) around 2570 BC . Next to nothing is known about this ruler and some Egyptologists even believe him to be fictitious .
Joe Aresimowicz is a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives and the current Majority Leader .
Aymard of Cluny , also known as Aymardus of Cluny was the third abbot of Cluny .
Herbert Alexander Bruce FRCS ( September 28 , 1868 -- June 23 , 1963 ) , served as the 15th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario , Canada , from 1932 to 1937 .
Gaius Cornelius Cethegus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 197 BC , from the Cethegus branch of the gens Cornelia .
Thomas Vose Daily ( born September 23 , 1927 ) is a retired American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Brooklyn from 1990 to 2003 and is now Bishop Emeritus of the Brooklyn Diocese .
Juozas Tunaitis ( October 25 , 1928 , Davainiškislt -- June 1 , 2012 , Vilnius ) , was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of diocese of Sassurait ( Sousse , Tunisia , 1991 - -2012 ) and the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vilnius , Lithuania ( 1991 - -2010 ) .
Joe Sosnowski ( born April 13 , 1977 ) is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives , first sworn in to represent the 69th district in 2010 .
Michael Sheehy is a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 46th district .
John Nathan Deal ( born August 25 , 1942 ) is an American politician who has been the 82nd Governor of Georgia since January 2011 .
Ivan Mrkić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Мркић , pronounced ( ǐʋan mr̂kitɕ ) , born 30 May 1953 ) is a Serbian diplomat and the former Minister of Foreign Affairs .
John D. Anthony ( born April 13 , 1976 ) is a member of the Illinois House of Representatives , who has represented the 75th district since his appointment in August 2013 .
Sir James Milne Wilson , KCMG ( 29 February 1812 -- 29 February 1880 ) served as Premier of Tasmania from 1869 to 1872 .
James Patton Preston ( June 21 , 1774 -- May 4 , 1843 ) was a U.S. political figure who served as Governor of Virginia .
James Franklin Landtroop , Jr. , known as Jim Landtroop ( born January 18 , 1968 ) , is a businessman from Lubbock , Texas , who is a Republican departing one - term member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 85 in the South Plains .
Bartolomeo Gradenigo ( 1259 or 1260 -- December 28 , 1342 ) was the 53rd Doge of Venice from November 7 , 1339 until his death .
Pietro Barbolano ( sometimes Pietro Barbo Centranigo ) was the 28th Doge of Venice .
Joan Blanch Rodríguez ( 1937 -- 16 April 2014 ) was a Spanish politician from Catalonia , he was mayor of Badalona between 1983 and 1999 .
General Guido Vildoso Calderón ( born 5 April 1937 , La Paz , Bolivia ) was an officer in the Military of Bolivia and de facto President of Bolivia in 1982 .
Albert Reuben Edward Thomas ( 26 October 1908 − 24 September 1983 ) was an English Australian Roman Catholic bishop .
Hassan Gouled Aptidon ( Somali : Xasan Guuleed Abtidoon . Arabic : حسن جولد أبتيدون‎ ) ( October 15 , 1916 -- November 21 , 2006 ) was the first President of Djibouti from 1977 to 1999 .
Fergus Patrick McEvay , ( 8 December 1852 -- 10 May 1911 ) , was the Roman Catholic archbishop of Toronto from 1908 to 1911 .
Jesse Kendrick Hollis , Jr. , known as Ken Hollis ( March 13 , 1942 -- September 10 , 2010 ) , was a Republican Party member of the Louisiana State Senate from Metairie in Jefferson Parish in the New Orleans suburbs .
Ronald Waters is a Democratic politician and former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , where he represented District 191 .
Burchard von Schwanden ( also Burkhard ; died 1310 ) was the 12th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights , serving from 1282 or 1283 - 1290 .
Chen Xitong ( Chinese : 陈希同 ; pinyin : Chén Xītóng ; June 10 , 1930 -- June 2 , 2013 ) was a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China and the Mayor of Beijing until he was removed from office on charges of corruption in 1995 .
Adam Śmigielski ( 24 December 1933 in Przemyśl − 7 October 2008 in Sosnowiec ) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop .
Wahkare Khety was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 9th or 10th Dynasty during the First Intermediate Period .
Peter Joseph O'Reilly ( April 14 , 1850 -- December 16 , 1923 ) was an Irish - born bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
Rob Briley ( born October 15 , 1966 , Nashville , Tennessee , United States ) is an American politician and a Democratic former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 52nd district , which is part of Davidson County .
Ma Ying - jeou ( Chinese : 馬英九 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yīngjiǔ , ( mà jə́ŋtɕjù ) ; born 13 July 1950 ) is a Taiwanese politician who is the current President of the Republic of China ( ROC ) .
David Sigman was an American trade union staff member from Two Rivers , Wisconsin who served three terms as a Republican , then a Progressive member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 2nd Manitowoc County district .
Minuccio Minucci ( 1551 - -1604 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who was the archbishop of Zadar .
Petre S. Aurelian ( 13 December 1833 -- 24 January 1909 ) was a Romanian politician who served as a Prime Minister of Romania between 2 December 1896 and 12 April 1897 .
Leon Abbett ( October 8 , 1836 -- December 4 , 1894 ) was an American Democratic Party politician , and lawyer , who served two separate terms as the 26th Governor of New Jersey , from 1884 to 1887 and from 1890 to 1893 .
José Cipriano Castro Ruiz ( 12 October 1858 -- 4 December 1924 ) was a high - ranking member of the Venezuelan military , politician and the President of Venezuela from 1899 to 1908 .
Jean Courtecuisse ( c.1350 , Le Mans - 4 March 1423 , Geneva ) was a French bishop and theologian , who was elected bishop of Paris and bishop of Geneva .
Carlo Odescalchi , ( 5 March 1785 -- 17 August 1841 ) was an Italian prince and priest , archbishop of Ferrara , cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Vicar of the Diocese of Rome .
Paul Capdevielle ( January 15 , 1842 -- August 14 , 1922 ) was mayor of New Orleans , Louisiana , from May 9 , 1900 to December 5 , 1904 .
George Distel is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 99th District from 1999 - 2008 .
Laxman Sonopant Joshi ( born 3 April 1935 , death 10 Dec 2014 ) , popularly known as Anna Joshi , is a former member of the Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Yves - Alexandre de Marbeuf ( Rennes , 1734-Lübeck , 1799 ) was a French bishop of Autun and archbishop of Lyon , and statesman .
Kimon Georgiev Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Кимон Георгиев Стоянов ) ( August 11 , 1882 -- September 28 , 1969 ) was a Bulgarian general who was Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 1934 to 1935 and again from 1944 to 1946 .
Harrison Ludington ( July 30 , 1812 -- June 17 , 1891 ) was an American Republican politician who served as the 13th Governor of Wisconsin and a mayor of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Chrysippus moved to Athens , where he became the disciple of Cleanthes , who was then the head ( scholarch ) of the Stoic school .
Pietro Pisani ( 1871 - 1960 ) was a Catholic archbishop and diplomat of the Holy See .
D. Devaraj Urs ( 20 August 1915 -- 18 May 1982 ) was an Indian politician who served two terms as the 8th Chief Minister of Karnataka ( 1972 - -77 , 1978 - -80 ) , a state in southern India .
Vernon Sykes ( born October 2 , 1951 ) is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives who has represented the 44th District from 2007 to 2014 .
Klaus Wiswe ( born 1955 ) is a German politician , member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) and full - time chief executive or Landrat of the North German district of Celle .
Tutankhamun ( /ˌtuːtənkɑːˈmuːn/ ; alternatively spelled with Tutenkh- , -amen , -amon ) was an Egyptian pharaoh of the 18th dynasty ( ruled c. 1332 - -1323 BC in the conventional chronology ) , during the period of Egyptian history known as the New Kingdom .
In 1322 , Andrew of Perugia was nominated bishop of the see of Zaiton by John of Montecorvino .
Nicolas Tiangaye ( born 13 September 1956 ) is a Central African politician and lawyer who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 17 January 2013 until his resignation on 10 January 2014 .
Thomas J. McCormack ( September 28 , 1922 -- August 18 , 1998 ) was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , serving during 1978 .
Ioannis Alevras ( Greek : Ιωάννης Αλευράς , 1912 -- 6 April 1995 ) was a Greek Panhellenic Socialist Movement politician and Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament , who served as acting President of Greece in March 1985 .
William Emerson Brock ( March 14 , 1872 -- August 5 , 1950 ) was a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1929 to 1931 .
Alpheus Felch ( September 28 , 1804 -- June 13 , 1896 ) was the fifth Governor of Michigan and U.S. Senator from Michigan .
Li Kwan Ha , CBE , QPM , CPM ( Chinese : 李君夏 ) was the first ethnic Chinese to serve as the Commissioner of Police in Hong Kong ; he took office in 1989 and retired in 1994 .
Henry Cockshutt ( July 8 , 1868 -- November 26 , 1944 ) was the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario , Canada .
Charles James McDonnell ( born July 1 , 1928 ) is an American retired Roman Catholic titular bishop of Pocofeltus and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark , New Jersey .
Silas Woodson ( May 18 , 1819 -- October 9 , 1896 ) was the 21st Governor of Missouri , United States , between January 3 , 1873 and January 12 , 1875 .
Jacqueline Gourault ( French : ( ʒa.klin ɡu.ʁo ) ; born 20 November 1950 ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the Loir - et - Cher department .
Theodore Engel ( 1866 - - ? ) was an American plumber and contractor from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who spent fourteen years as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Johann Leonhard Pfaff ( 18 August 1775 in Hünfeld - 3 January 1848 in Fulda ) was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fulda from 1832 to 1848 .
Amy Salerno ( born October 17 , 1956 ) is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1995 through 2002 .
Raphael Nii Amaa Ollennu ( 21 May 1906 -- 22 December 1986 ) was the Chairman of the Presidential Commission and acting President of Ghana during the Second Republic from 7 August 1970 to 31 August 1970 .
Domenico Flabanico ( died 1043 ) was the 29th Doge of Venice .
James Tinker ( April 11 , 1817 -- February 20 , 1886 ) was an American farmer from Rochester , Wisconsin who served a single one - year term as a Free Soil Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , in 1851 , from Racine County as well as holding a variety of local offices .
Nicolò da Ponte ( 15 January 1491 - 30 July 1585 ) was the eighty seventh Doge of Venice .
Jörgen Strand ( born March 15 , 1963 ) is a politician on the autonomous Åland Islands .
Manmohan Singh ( Punjabi : ( mənˈmoːɦən ˈsɪ́ŋɡ ) ; born 26 September 1932 ) is an Indian economist who served as the Prime Minister of India from 2004 to 2014 .
Ludwig Scholz ( 30 June 1937 in Juliusberg , Landkreis Oels , Lower Silesia , now Dobroszyce , Oleśnica County , Poland -- 20 September 2005 in Nuremberg , Bavaria ) was a German politician of the CSU and the mayor of Nuremberg .
Sylvester Patton is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives , succeeded by Bob Hagan .
Ceolnoth ( died 870 ) was a medieval English Archbishop of Canterbury .
Peithon was named one of the seven ( later eight ) Somatophylakes `` bodyguards '' of Alexander in 335 BC . After Alexander 's death in 323 BC , Peithon was made the satrap of Media , the strategically important region that controlled all roads between east and west .
William A. Ryan ( 1919 - 2001 ) was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served as a member of the Michigan House of Representatives , and was Speaker of the House from 1969 through 1974 .
Giuseppe Renato Imperiali ( May 1 , 1651 -- February 18 , 1737 ) was an Italian cardinal , and known as an avid bibliophile .
Eugene Antonio Marino ( May 29 , 1934 -- November 12 , 2000 ) was an American Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Atlanta , Georgia from 1988 until 1990 , becoming the first African American archbishop in United States of America .
Karl Josef von Hefele ( March 15 , 1809 -- June 6 , 1893 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop and theologian of Germany .
James Madison Wells ( January 8 , 1808 -- February 28 , 1899 ) was elected the 20th Governor of Louisiana during Reconstruction .
Moses Wilson Gray , known as Wilson Gray ( 1813 -- 4 April 1875 ) was an Irish - born barrister , member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and district judge in New Zealand .
Gnaeus Fulvius Centumalus Maximus ( d. 210 BC ) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 211 BC . As consul , Fulvius defended Rome against Hannibal with his colleague Publius Sulpicius Galba Maximus during the Second Punic War .
William Juxon ( 1582 -- 4 June 1663 ) was an English churchman , Bishop of London from 1633 to 1649 and Archbishop of Canterbury from 1660 until his death .
Nathan Philemon Bryan ( April 23 , 1872 -- August 8 , 1935 ) was a lawyer , federal judge , and United States Senator from Florida .
Joan Ballweg ( born March 16 , 1952 ) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator , currently serving her third term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 41st district .
Wu Den - yih ( traditional Chinese : 吳敦義 ; simplified Chinese : 吴敦义 ; pinyin : Wú Dūnyì ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Gô͘ Tun - gī ; born January 30 , 1948 ) is a Taiwanese politician and the current Vice President of the Republic of China .
Francesco Minerva ( January 31 , 1904 -- August 23 , 2004 ) was an Italian clergyman ; at his death he was the second - oldest living bishop in the Roman Catholic Church , after Corrado Bafile .
Guido de Lavezaris ( c.1499 ? - d. 1581 ? ) was the second Spanish Governor General of the Philippines .
Antonio Ferrero ( died 1508 ) ( called the Cardinal of Gubbio ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
On 13 June 2004 Bogusław Sonik was elected as member of the European Parliament .
John Winans ( September 27 , 1831 -- January 17 , 1907 ) was an American lawyer from Janesville , Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and as a U.S. Representative from Wisconsin , as well as holding down local offices such as mayor of Janesville .
Major Freeman Freeman - Thomas , 1st Marquess of Willingdon GCSI GCMG GCIE GBE PC ( 12 September 1866 -- 12 August 1941 ) was a British Liberal politician and administrator who served as Governor General of Canada , the 13th since Canadian Confederation , and as Viceroy and Governor - General of India , the country 's 22nd .
Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn ( 1673 - -1724 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Würzburg from 1719 to 1724 .
Thomas Goldwell ( 1501 -- 3 April 1585 ) was an English bishop , the last of those who had refused to accept the English Reformation .
Jack R. Gage ( January 13 , 1899 - -March 14 , 1970 ) was an American politician who served as the 25th Governor of Wyoming from January 2 , 1961 to January 7 , 1963 .
Solomon Ortiz , Jr. ( born July 21 , 1977 ) is a Democratic former member of the Texas House of Representatives , serving from 2006 to 2011 .
Luis Mercader Escolano ( 1444 - -1516 ) was the Grand Inquisitor of the Kingdom of Aragon from 1513 to 1516 .
Robert de Keldeleth ( or Robert Kenleith ) ( died 1273 ) was a 13th - century Benedictine and then Cistercian abbot .
Giovanni De Andrea ( 22 April 1928 in Rivarolo Canavese , Italy -- 19 January 2012 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishop and diplomat .
Maksimilijan Vrhovac ( November 23 , 1752 in Karlovac -- December 16 , 1827 in Zagreb ) was the bishop of Zagreb .
Giuseppe Carraro ( 26 June 1899 -- 30 December 1980 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop who was the Bishop Emeritus of Verona .
Gerard of Florennes ( ca 975 , bishop 1012 -- 14 March 1051 ) , bishop of Cambrai as Gerard I , had formerly been chaplain to Henry II , Holy Roman Emperor , and helpful to the latter in his political negotiations with Robert the Pious , King of France .
Edward VIII ( Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David ; 23 June 1894 -- 28 May 1972 ) was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Empire , and Emperor of India , from 20 January 1936 until his abdication on 11 December the same year .
Dimitrios Andrikopoulos - Boukaouris ( Greek : Δημήτριος Ανδρικόπουλος-Μπουκαούρης ) ( 1867 - 1948 ) was a Greek politician of Achaea and a mayor of Patras .
From the dismissal of Arseniy Yatsenyuk till the election of Volodymyr Lytvyn as Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada , Oleksandr Lavrynovych assumed the position as acting chairman from November 12 , 2008 till December 9 , 2008 .
Vincenzo Moretti ( 1815 - -1881 ) was an Italian cardinal ( elevated to such in 1877 ) .
Thomas Lamplugh ( 1615 -- 5 May 1691 ) was an English churchman who became Archbishop of York
Herman H. Winter ( circa 1805 - ? ) was an American farmer from the Town of Watertown , Wisconsin who spent one term as a `` Democratic Republican '' member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Jefferson County .
Sükhbaataryn Batbold ( Mongolian : Сүхбаатарын Батболд , born June 24 , 1963 ) is a Mongolian politician who was Prime Minister of Mongolia from 2009 to 2012 , as well as General Secretary of the Mongolian People 's Party .
George H. Hipke ( December 29 , 1879 in New Holstein , Wisconsin -- February 4 , 1951 , buried in Stanley , Wisconsin ) , was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
Saint Ernest ( died 1148 ) was the abbot of the Benedictine Zwiefalten Abbey at Zwiefalten , Germany from 1141 to 1146 .
William B. McGrorty ( August 16 , 1825 in Inver , Ireland -- February 16 , 1865 in La Crosse , Wisconsin ) was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Robert Wilkinson Furnas ( May 5 , 1824 -- June 1 , 1905 ) was the second Governor of Nebraska .
JoAnne Favors ( born August 27 , 1942 ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 29th district , which is composed of part of Hamilton County .
Elio Morpurgo ( 10 October 1858 -- 29 March 1944 ) was an Italian politician , member of the Italian Senate and of the Chambers of Deputies and mayor of Udine .
Augusto Petró ( May 3 , 1918 -- October 28 , 2008 ) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and was one of oldest bishops in the Catholic Church and one of oldest Brazilian bishops .
Leonard M. Landsborough ( ca . 1858 - -1927 ) was an agriculturist in the Florin , California , area and a member of the California State Assembly .
William Patrick O'Connor ( October 18 , 1886 -- July 13 , 1973 ) , was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the fifth Bishop of the Diocese of Superior ( 1942 - -46 ) and the first bishop of the Diocese of Madison ( 1946 - -67 ) .
George Maxwell Richards , TC , CM ( born 1 December 1931 ) was the fourth President of Trinidad and Tobago , in office from 2003 to 2013 .
Julio María Sanguinetti Coirolo ( born 6 January 1936 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan politician , lawyer and journalist , who served as President of Uruguay ( from March 1985 until March 1990 , and , again , from March 1995 until March 2000 ) for the Partido Colorado .
Thomas McCaul ( January 18 , 1838 -- October 24 , 1926 ) was an American merchant , contractor and insurance agent from Tomah , Wisconsin who served one term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , as well as the first mayor of the newly - elevated City of Tomah .
William Laud ( 1573 - -1645 ) was an English bishop and academic .
Zaccaria Delfino ( 1527 - -1584 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
rHerman L. Wolfe , Sr . ( September 30 , 1930 -- February 3 , 1989 ) was a businessman from Savannah , Tennessee who served seven terms as a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1977 - 1989 ( 90th through 96th General Assemblies ) from a district which encompassed Hardin and McNairy counties .
José Sebastião de Almeida Neto ( 8 February 1841 -- 7 December 1920 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Patriarch of Lisbon .
Ignace Baguibassa Sambar - Talkena ( March 31 , 1935 -- February 3 , 2013 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Kara , Togo .
Frederick Robie ( August 12 , 1822 -- February 3 , 1912 ) was an American physician and politician who most notably served as the 39th Governor of Maine .
Francesco Morosini ( 26 February 1619 -- 16 January 1694 ) was the Doge of Venice from 1688 to 1694 , at the height of the Great Turkish War .
John G. Good , Jr. is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate .
Alexander Neville ( c. 1340 - -1392 ) was a late medieval prelate who served as Archbishop of York from 1374 to 1388 .
Pehr Evind Svinhufvud af Qvalstad ( Swedish : ( ˈpæːr ˈeːvɪnd ˈsviːnhʉːvɵd ) ; December 15 , 1861 -- February 29 , 1944 ) was the third President of Finland from 1931 to 1937 .
Michael J. Carberry is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 36th District from March 2010 , when he was appointed to replace retiring James D. Brosnahan , until January 2011 .
Andere Legina García ( born 17 March 1989 ) is a Spanish football goalkeeper , who most recently played for Athletic Bilbao in Spain 's Primera División as Ainhoa Tirapu 's reserve .
Handan Kurğa ( born September 10 , 1993 ) is a Turkish women 's football goalkeeper currently playing in the Turkish Women 's First Football League for Konak Belediyespor in İzmir with jersey number 1 .
Giuliano Sarti ( born 2 October 1933 , in Castello d'Argile ) is a retired Italian professional football player , who played in the position of goalkeeper .
Marco Verratti ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmarko verˈratti ) ; born 5 November 1992 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for French club Paris Saint Germain in Ligue 1 and the Italian national football team .
Fernando César de Souza ( born 12 September 1980 in Jardinopolis ) is a footballer from Brazil who plays as a defender for Maringá Futebol Clube .
Quillan Roberts ( born 13 September 1994 ) is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Toronto FC .
Sam Giddens ( born 11 September 1984 , Napier , New Zealand ) is a rugby union player who competed professionally in New Zealand and Europe , playing as a centre .
Daniel Alejandro Torres Rojas ( born 15 November 1989 in Cáqueza , Cundinamarca , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Elierce Barbosa de Souza or simply Souza ( born 8 March 1988 in Posse ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Bahia , on loan from Cruzeiro as a defensive midfielder .
Tigran Petrosyants ( Armenian : Տիգրան Պետրոսյանց , born on 23 December 1973 in Yerevan , Soviet Union ) is a former Armenian football midfielder .
Assane Demoya Gnoukouri ( pronounced : ( asan dəmwaja ɲukuʁi ) ; born 28 September 1996 ) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Internazionale .
Paolo Negro ( born 16 April 1972 ) is a retired Italian footballer and manager who could play as either a central or right defender .
Derek Frenette ( born July 13 , 1971 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger .
Luca Berardocco ( born 22 January 1991 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Carrarese .
Ricardo Julián Martinez Pavón or simply Ricardo Martínez ( born 18 February 1984 in Asunción ) , is a Paraguayan defender who currently plays for Club Nacional in the Paraguayan Primera División .
Erand Hoxha ( born 25 April 1985 ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a defender for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga .
Oliver Cuadrado Martín ( born 12 July 1977 ) , known simply as Oliver , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and the current goalkeeper coach of Getafe CF .
Elias Constantino Pereira Filho ( born 13 February 1987 in Campos dos Goytacazes , Rio de Janeiro ) , simply known as Elias , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense as a forward .
Niša Saveljić ( Cyrillic : Ниша Савељић ; born 27 March 1970 ) is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a sweeper .
Jorge Miguel Soares Vieira ( born 8 January 1991 in Massarelos , Porto ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anagennisi Dherynia as a goalkeeper .
Marco Di Paolo ( born 27 December 1987 in Venezia ) is an Italian professional footballer plays for AS Ostiamare Lido Calcio as a midfielder .
Tonči Gabrić ( born 11 November 1961 in Split ) is a former Croatian football player in goalkeeper role .
Stina Segerström ( born 17 June 1982 ) is a Swedish football defender who last played for Kopparbergs / Göteborg FC and the Swedish national team .
Alfonso De Lucia ( born 12 November 1983 in Nola , Naples ) is an Italian association football goalkeeper , currently playing with A.S. Livorno Calcio .
Roberto Rosato ( Italian pronunciation : ( roˈbɛrto roˈzato ) ; 18 August 1943 -- 20 June 2010 ) was an Italian footballer , who played as a defender .
Milan Milinković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Милинковић ; born 4 May 1992 in Arilje ) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for Vojvodina in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Branislav Janković ( born 8 February 1992 ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for SuperLiga club Čukarički .
Stefan de Vrij ( born 5 February 1992 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Serie A club Lazio and the Netherlands national football team .
Vadym Zayats ( Ukrainian : Вадим Григорович Заяць ; born 1 June 1974 , in Chernivtsi , Ukrainian SSR ) is a former Ukrainian professional football midfielder who played for different Ukrainian clubs in Ukrainian Premier League .
Yann Ekra ( born 10 December 1990 ) is a French - Ivorian footballer who plays for Charlotte Independence as a forward and a winger .
Ivica Francišković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ивица Францишковић ; born 28 September 1978 ) is a Serbian former footballer who played mainly as an offensive midfielder .
Lafaele Moala ( born 22 July 1982 ) in Tonga is a footballer who plays as an Offensive midfielder .
Massimo Bonini ( born 13 October 1959 ) is a former Sammarinese footballer and coach , who played as a midfielder for Italian sides Bellaria Igea Marina , Forlì , Cesena , Juventus and Bologna .
Walter Guglielmone Gómez ( born April 11 , 1978 in Salto , Uruguay ) is a Uruguayan football forward , who last played for Beijing Technology .
Victor Ottoboni was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in an 8 - 1 loss to England on May 28 , 1959 .
Jun Min - kyung ( Hangul : 전민경 , born 16 January 1985 ) is a South Korean women 's football goalkeeper , who plays for Daekyo Kangaroos WFC in South Korean WK - League and the South Korea women 's national football team .
Ján Štajer ( born 18 February 1982 in Alekšince ) is a Slovak football defender who recently played for the 2 .
Leon Lalite previously known as Leon Bell ( born 19 December 1980 in Hitchin ) is an English professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Grays Athletic in the Isthmian League .
Nemanja Stojanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Стојановић ; born 9 April 1987 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who played for Sloboda Užice in Serbian First League .
Paweł Golański ( born October 12 , 1982 in Łódź ) , is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Górnik Zabrze .
Andy Saull ( born 27 September 1988 in London ) is a rugby union player who plays at flanker for Yorkshire Carnegie in the RFU Championship .
Carlos Manuel Correia dos Santos ( pronounced : ( ˈkaɾluʃ mɐnuˈɛɫ ) ; born 15 January 1958 ) , known as Carlos Manuel , is a retired Portuguese professional footballer who played as a central midfielder , and the current manager of Iranian club Sanat Naft FC .
Vincent Bachet ( born 29 April 1978 in Saint - Maurice - le - Girard , France ) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men 's ice hockey team .
Dave Martindale ( born 9 April 1964 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as midfielder for Tranmere Rovers .
Manuel Alexandre Jamuana , known simply as Jamuana , in an Angolan footballer who plays as a defender for Petro Atlético in Luanda and for the Angola national team .
Cristina Vega Leandro ( born 3 April 1981 ) , also known as Keka , is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing in England 's WPL for Keynsham Town .
Fábio de Jesus or simply Fabinho ( born October 16 , 1976 , in Nova Iguaçu ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Kang Kuk - chol ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 강국철 ; hancha : 江國哲 ) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender .
Lázaro Luan Scapolan ( born 30 December 1988 ) , simply known as Luan , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Red Bull Brasil .
Alves Nilo Marcos Lima Fortes ( born 6 November 1966 ) , commonly known as Vinha , is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a centre forward .
Nizamettin Çalışkan ( born 20 March 1987 in Hagen ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays in the midfielder position .
Jani Viander ( born 18 August 1975 ) is a Finnish former football goalkeeper who currently works as the Lead Academy Goalkeeper Coach at League One side Brentford .
Maksym Ilchysh ( Ukrainian : Максим Олександрович Ільчиш ; born 5 November 1992 in Poltava in the Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Karlivka in the Ukrainian Second League Ilchysh is the product of the Sportive School of Molod Poltava .
Emiliano Elias Zapata ( born August 12 , 1986 ) is an Argentinian football offensive midfielder .
Courtney Wetzel ( born February 25 , 1989 ) is an American soccer midfielder .
Peter Dawo ( born 1964 ) is a former Kenya international football forward who played for clubs in Kenya , Egypt and Oman .
Sessi D'Almeida ( born 20 November 1995 in France ) is a Beninese footballer who currently plays for French side Paris Saint - Germain B. He plays as a defensive midfielder .
Marián Ľalík ( born 7 February 1972 ) is a Slovak retired football midfielder who played professionally in Slovakia , Czech Republic , Greece , Turkey and Cyprus .
Ihor Luchkevych ( Ukrainian : Ігор Валерійович Лучкевич ; born 19 November 1973 in Oleksandrivka , Novotroitske Raion , Kherson Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a former Ukrainian professional football midfielder and current Ukrainian coach .
Guillermo Riveros Conejeros ( 10 February 1902 - 8 October 1959 ) was an Chilean football defender .
Adiel de Oliveira Amorim , or simply Adiel ( born 13 August 1980 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder .
Veli Kavlak ( born 3 November 1988 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Süper Lig club Beşiktaş as a midfielder , having previously played for Rapid Wien .
Massimo Brambilla ( born 4 March 1973 in Vimercate , Milan ) is a former Italian football player , who played as an offensive midfielder .
Andy Gruenebaum ( /ˈɡriːnəbɔːm/ ; born December 30 , 1982 ) is a retired American professional soccer goalkeeper .
Mary Harvey ( born June 4 , 1965 ) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper .
Mikael Rönnberg ( born February 6 , 1957 ) in Stockholm ) is a retired football player who played as a midfielder for several Swedish clubs ( mostly for Hammarby IF ) and the Greek Football League club Larissa F.C.
Olivier Sorlin ( born 9 April 1979 in Saint - Étienne , Loire ) is a French football midfielder , currently playing for Evian .
Guillaume Dequaire ( born 11 July 1990 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Châteauroux as a central defender .
Marcel Husson ( born 23 January 1937 in Metz ) is a retired French football defender and manager .
Tomas Lafchis also pronounced Thomas Lafkis ( Bulgarian : Томас Лафчис , Greek : Θωμάς Λαφτσής ; born 6 August 1958 ) is a Greek - Bulgarian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper for clubs in Bulgaria , Greece and Belgium .
Avni Pepa ( born 14 November 1988 ) is a Kosovar footballer of Norwegian - Albanian descent who plays for ÍBV Vestmannaeyjar as a defender .
Tsvetan Krastev ( Bulgarian : Цветан Кръстев ; born 3 December 1978 ) is a Bulgarian retired football defender and now referee in Bulgarian A Group , B Group and Bulgarian Cup .
Mustafa Akbaş ( born 30 May 1990 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Kayserispor on loan from Trabzonspor .
Chris Heid ( born March 14 , 1983 ) is a dual Canadian - German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent .
Justo Ruiz González ( born 31 August 1969 in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Basque Country ) is an Andorran retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and a current coach .
Tirthankar Sarkar ( born 1 July 1993 in Kolkata , West Bengal ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mohun Bagan in the I - League .
Narciso dos Santos , or just Narciso ( born 23 December 1973 in Neópolis , Sergipe ) is a former Brazilian football midfielder .
Ian Lister ( 5 September 1946 -- 8 February 2013 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a winger .
Anestis Argyriou ( Greek : Ανέστης Αργυρίου ; born 4 January 1988 ) is a Greek footballer who played as a defender for Ethnikos Achna in the Cypriot First Division .
Jamie Gosling ( born 21 March 1982 in Bath ) is an English semi - professional football midfielder .
Thorbjørn Holst Rasmussen ( born 21 March 1987 in Silkeborg ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a defender currently on a contract with the Danish Superliga club SIF .
Vyacheslav Buravchikov ( born May 22 , 1987 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently with CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Carlos Eduardo Marques ( born 18 July 1987 ) is a Brazilian attacking midfielder or a left winger .
Kevin Tilley ( born 6 September 1957 in Feltham , London Borough of Hounslow ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a defender .
Oleg Lotov ( Russian : Олег Лотов ; born 21 November 1975 ) is a former Kazakhstan international football defender .
Adnan Zahirović ( born 23 March 1990 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Israeli club Hapoel Acre and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Yılmaz Özlem ( born 1 June 1972 ) is a Turkish former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Mark MacKain is a retired American soccer defender who played in the North American Soccer League , Major Indoor Soccer League and American Soccer League .
Anton Ciprian Tătărușanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( t͡ʃipriˈan tətəruˈʃanu ) ; born 9 February 1986 ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Fiorentina and the Romania national team .
Allan Egeland ( born January 31 , 1973 in Lethbridge , Alberta ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre .
Adam Weiner ( born March 28 , 1975 in Gdynia ) is a Polish handball goalkeeper , member of the Polish National Handball Team and silver medalist at the 2007 World Men 's Handball Championship .
Rastislav Staňa ( born 10 January 1980 in Košice , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HC Sparta Praha .
Devon Makin ( born 11 November 1990 ) is a Belizean professional footballer who currently plays for Police United and the Belize national football team as a midfielder .
Angelo Schiavio ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈandʒelo ˈskjavjo ) ; 15 October 1905 -- 17 April 1990 ) was an Italian footballer who played as a forward .
Jackson Mabokgwane ( born 19 January 1988 in Polokwane , Limpopo ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays as a goalkeeper for Mpumalanga Black Aces in the Premier Soccer League and the South African National Football Team .
Elisabeth Leidinge ( born 6 March 1957 ) is a Swedish former association football goalkeeper who won 112 caps for the Sweden women 's national football team .
Martin Sechkov ( Bulgarian : Мартин Сечков ; born 17 November 1986 in Kyustendil ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing as a defender for Septemvri Simitli .
Clemer Melo da Silva or simply Clemer ( born October 20 , 1968 in São Luís ) , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as goalkeeper and the current Manager
Súni Olsen ( born 7 March 1981 ) is a Faroese professional football midfielder who currently plays at Faroese club Víkingur .
Danny Hoekman is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Manchester City .
Maximiliano Daniel Biancucchi Cuccitini , usually known as Maxi Biancucchi ( born September 15 , 1984 ) , is an Argentine football forward who plays for Bahia of Brazil .
Ross Turnbull ( born 4 January 1985 ) is an English footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Leeds United .
Sergei Igorevich Kirillov ( Russian : Серге́й Игоревич Кириллов ; born September 30 , 1989 ) is a football midfielder who last played for FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo - Zuyevo .
Milan Luković is a Serbian ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Serbian national ice hockey team .
Pierpaolo Bisoli ( born 20 November 1966 in Porretta Terme ) is an Italian football manager and former midfielder .
Cory Cross ( born January 3 , 1971 in Lloydminster , Alberta ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman , who played twelve seasons in the National Hockey League .
Milan Makarić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Макарић ; born 4 October 1995 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who is currently playing for Spartak Subotica in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Vance Warner ( born 3 September 1974 ) is a former English professional footballer who played as a defender from 1994 until 2000 notably for Nottingham Forest , as well as appearing for Grimsby Town and Rotherham United .
Luis Ángel Carrillo Alvarado ( born January 27 , 1986 ) is a Mexican football midfielder currently playing for Atlante F.C. , in the Primera División de México .
Lance Robson ( 27 December 1939 -- 1987 ) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward , making over 200 appearances in the Football League .
Debbie Rademacher ( born May 27 , 1966 , as Debbie Belkin ) is an American retired soccer defender who was a member of the United States women 's national soccer team .
Ronny Nouwen ( born 21 July 1982 in Rotterdam , Netherlands ) is a football midfielder who currently plays in the Netherlands for top amateur side IFC Ambacht .
Mircea David ( 16 October 1914 -- 12 October 1993 ) was a Romanian football player , who played as a goalkeeper .
George Tintle ( December 24 , 1892 in Harrison , New Jersey -- January 14 , 1975 in Harrison , New Jersey ) was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played the first two U.S. national team games in 1916 .
Darut Changplook ( Thai : ดารัตน์ ช่างปลูก born 3 February 1988 ) is a Thai international footballer who plays as a defender .
Koo Ja - cheol ( Hangul : 구자철 ; born 27 February 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the former captain of South Korean football team .
Franco Costanzo ( born 5 September 1980 ) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who plays for Chilean club Universidad Católica of the Primera División .
Lupce Acevski ( born 14 November 1977 ) was an Australian - Macedonian goalkeeper who made over 300 senior appearances mainly in the Victorian Premier League .
Carsten Christensen ( born 28 August 1986 ) is a Danish goalkeeper playing for AaB.
Viktor Klonaridis ( Greek : Βίκτωρ Κλωναρίδης , born 28 July 1992 ) is a Greek - Belgian footballer who plays for Panathinaikos in the Superleague Greece , as an attacking midfielder or winger .
André - Frank Zambo Anguissa ( born 16 November 1995 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a center midfielder for Ligue 1 club Marseille .
Mohd Fauzi Nan is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Kedah in the Malaysian Super League as a defender .
Amido Baldé ( born 16 May 1991 ) is a Guinea - Bissauan professional footballer who plays for Angolan club S.L. Benfica ( Luanda ) as a centre forward .
Marty Ruff ( born May 19 , 1963 , in Warburg , Alberta ) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman .
Hiromi Ikeda ( born Hiromi Isozaki , December 22 , 1975 ) is a Japanese former football defender .
Marko Elsner ( born 11 April 1960 ) is a retired Slovenian footballer who played in the defender position .
Shkodran Mustafi ( born 17 April 1992 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Spanish club Valencia CF and the Germany national team .
Nikola Komazec ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Комазец ; born 15 November 1987 ) is a Serbian professional football forward .
Samuel Eto'o is a fast , energetic forward , who is known for his stamina , work - rate , and his accurate finishing ability in the air and with his feet .
Koné Seydou ( born 26 December 1987 ) is an Ivorian football defender currently playing for Thai Division 1 League side Krabi .
Nikola Maraš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Мараш ; born 19 December 1995 ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Rad in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Anton Hay ( Ukrainian : Антон Анатолійович Гай ; born 25 February 1986 in Zaporizhia , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently a free agent .
Grant Gondrezick ( born January 19 , 1963 ) is a retired American professional basketball player , in the shooting guard position .
Benhalima Rouane ( born February 28 , 1979 in Frenda , Tiaret Province ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for AS Khroub in the Algerian league .
Vincent Chileshe is a Zambian coach and former goalkeeper .
Johan Gastien ( born 25 January 1988 ) is a French professional football midfielder who currently plays for Dijon .
Iustin Popescu ( born 1 September 1993 in Craiova ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Petrolul Ploiești on loan from Dinamo București as a goalkeeper .
David Joseph Walsh ( born 28 April 1923 in Waterford , Ireland ) , commonly referred to as Davy Walsh or Dave Walsh , is a former Irish footballer who played as a centre forward for , among others , Linfield , West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa .
Tom Purdie ( born c.1854 , died 27th December 1929 ) is a former Scottish football fullback who played for Heart of Midlothian .
Miralem Pjanić ( born 2 April 1990 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Roma and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Serhiy Predko ( born 25 April 1988 in Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender currently plaining for the Italian Serie C1/A club A.C. Pro Sesto .
Westley Howard Harvey ( 1877 - -1904 ) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward for Aston Villa , Burslem Port Vale and Manchester City in the Football League in the 1890s and early 1900s .
Ye Zaw Htet Aung ( Burmese : ရဲဇော်ထက်အောင် ; born 1 April 1991 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a defender for Myanmar national football team and Myanmar U-22 football team .
Willie McCulloch ( born 2 April 1973 in Baillieston , Glasgow ) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper .
A product of the Shillong Lajong youth academy , forward Redeem Tlang had risen to prominence during 2013 Shillong First Division League , the second tier in Shillong 's football league structure , where he had scored goals for fun for his club , compelling coach Singto to bring him into the senior side .
Panayiotis Kythreotis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Κυθρεώτης ) is a Cypriot football player , who currently plays as a goalkeeper for AEK Larnaca .
Rafał Wolski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈrafaw ˈvɔlskʲi ) ; born 10 November 1992 in Kozienice ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for KV Mechelen on loan from Fiorentina .
Žarko Čabarkapa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жарко Чабаркапа ; pronounced ( ʒǎːrkɔ̝ tʃabǎrkapa ) ; born May 21 , 1981 ) is a retired Montenegrin professional basketball player who played at the power forward position .
Paulo Assunção da Silva ( born 25 January 1980 ) , known as Assunção , is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Kristien Elsen is a Belgian football midfielder currently playing in the Belgian 1st Division for Lierse SK .
John Calvey ( 23 June 1875 -- 1937 ) was an English international footballer , who played as a centre forward .
Ali Sunan ( born November 1 , 1970 ) is an Indonesian football player and manager who previously plays as midfielder for PKT Bontang , PSIS Semarang , Persela Lamongan , PSJS South Jakarta and the Indonesia national team .
Badrulzaman Abdul Halim ( born on 2 April 1978 Selangor ) is a Malaysian footballer who is currently a goalkeeper for PDRM FC .
Abdoulaye Fall ( born 18 May 1989 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Real Balompédica Linense in Spain , as a defensive midfielder .
Rees Thomas ( 1882 - -14 June 1926 ) was a Welsh international rugby union back row player who was utilised usually as a flanker or Number 8 .
Karel Kula ( born 10 August 1963 ) is a retired Czech football midfielder and former general manager of Karviná and FK Fotbal Třinec .
Welle N'Diaye ( born 5 April 1990 ) is a Senegalese football player who plays as a midfielder for the Slovenian PrvaLiga club Maribor .
In the subsequent years , Romário formed , along with fellow Brazilian forward Ronaldo , a feared attacking combo , which was colloquially referred to as the Ro - Ro duo .
Héverton Durães Coutinho Alves , ( born October 28 , 1985 in Brasília , Distrito Federal , Brazil ) is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder .
Andrew Ready ( born 11 July 1993 ) is a rugby union player for the Queensland Reds team in the Super Rugby competition , playing as a hooker .
Franck Gava ( born 3 February 1970 in Montargis , Loiret ) is a former French footballer , who played as an attacking midfielder .
Dor Peretz ( Hebrew : דור פרץ‎ ; born May 17 , 1995 ) , is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli football club Maccabi Tel Aviv .
Kouassi Yao Hermann ( born 26 January 1990 ) , known as Yao Hermann Kouassi and Hermann Yao Kouassi , is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Chiangmai in the Regional League Division 2 , as a forward .
Massimo Taibi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmassimo taˈibi ) ; born 18 February 1970 ) is a retired Italian footballer , who played as a goalkeeper for several clubs , mostly in Italy 's Serie A , B , and C1 .
Iñigo Vélez de Mendizábal Fernández de Garaialde ( born 15 March 1982 ) , known as Iñigo or Vélez , is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward .
Ronald Donev ( Bulgarian : Роналд Донев ; born 13 May 1991 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Septemvri Sofia as a defender .
Filip Kiss ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈfilip ˈkiʃ ) , Hungarian : Kiss Fülöp ( ˈkiʃ ˈfyløp ) ; born 13 October 1990 ) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Norwegian club FK Haugesund , on loan from Cardiff City .
Matana Paongo is a Tongan footballer who plays as a defender .
Robert Rico ( born March 10 , 1945 in Agadir ) is a retired French professional football offensive midfielder .
Diego Zarzosa Peña ( b. 25 December 1975 in Valladolid ) is a Spanish rugby union hooker who plays for CR El Salvador in the División de Honor .
Arnold Birch ( 1891 - -1964 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Graham Dorrans ( born 5 May 1987 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Norwich City and the Scotland national team .
Kristopher Faulds ( born 3 July 1994 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish League Two side East Stirlingshire .
Wally Ardron ( 19 September 1918 -- 1978 ) was a footballer born in Swinton , South Yorkshire , and who played as a centre forward .
Tomasz Warczachowski ( born September 13 , 1974 in Toruń ) is a Polish footballer ( defender ) .
Edgaras Tumasonis ( born 8 May 1968 in Alytus ) is a retired Lithuanian football defender , who last played for FK Sirijus Klaipėda during his professional career .
Jamel McLean ( born 18 April 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for EA7 Emporio Armani Milano of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 6 ft 8 in ( 2.03 m ) , he plays at the power forward position .
Guyon Fernandez ( born 18 April 1986 ) is a Curaçaoan professional footballer who last played as a forward for Australian club Perth Glory .
Mpangi Merikani ( born 4 April 1967 ) is a retired Zaire international footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Andrey Popovich ( Ukrainian : Андрій Володимирович Попович , Hungarian : Popovics András Vlagyimir ; born 4 March 1992 in Chop , Zakarpattia Oblast , Ukraine ) is an Azerbaijani football goalkeeper of Hungarian ethnicity playing currently for Gabala .
Colin Rocke is a retired Trinidad - American association football forward who played professionally in the Continental Indoor Soccer League and USISL A - League .
Volodymyr Mykolayovych Savchenko ( Ukrainian : Володимир Миколайович Савченко ; Russian : Владимир Николаевич Савченко ; born 9 September 1973 in Donetsk Oblast ) is a retired Ukrainian footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Sidney Moraes de Almeida Júnior ( born 3 March 1977 in Ituiutaba , Minas Gerais ) , known simply as Sidney , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and a current coach .
Mario Bühler ( born 5 January 1992 in Emmen ) is a football defender playing for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League .
Giulio Nuciari ( born 26 April 1960 in Piovene Rocchette , Province of Vicenza ) is an Italian football coach and former goalkeeper .
Damjan Bohar ( born 18 October 1991 in Mačkovci ) is a Slovenian football midfielder .
Lionel Chalmers , Jr. ( born November 10 , 1980 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Chalons - Reims of the LNB Pro A. He is 6'0 `` ( 1.83 m ) in height and plays at the point guard position .
George Spruce ( 3 April 1923 -- 14 October 1998 ) was a professional footballer who played as a defender in The Football League for three different clubs .
Method Mwanjali ( born 25 April 1983 in Hwange ) is a Zimbabwean football player who plays as a defender for Mpumalanga Black Aces in the South African Premier Soccer League .
Lencho Skibba ( Amharic : ለንችሆ ጽኪብባ ? , born 18 February 1988 in Dire Dawa ) is an Ethiopian football midfielder .
Erhard Hofeditz ( born 7 December 1953 , in Wolfhagen ) is a retired German footballer who played as a centre forward .
Keith Aqui was a Trinidad association football forward who played professionally in the American Soccer League and the North American Soccer League .
Brahim Ben Daoud ( born May 7 , 1994 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a forward for Istres , on loan from AC Arles - Avignon .
Tamara Stocks Lee ( born January 29 , 1979 ) , née Tamara Stocks , is an American former college and professional basketball player who was a forward and center in the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) for a single season in 2001 .
Tom Muyters ( born 5 December 1984 in Tongeren ) is a Belgian professional football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Tyler Plante ( born April 16 , 1987 ) is an American - born Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently with the Sheffield Steelers of the Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) .
Danny Preda ( Hebrew : דני פרדה‎ ; born 1 April 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hapoel Bnei Lod in the Liga Leumit .
Felipe Trevizan Martins or simply Felipe ( born 15 May 1987 in Americana ) , is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for German club Hannover 96 .
Sun Shoubo ( simplified Chinese : 孙寿博 ; traditional Chinese : 孫壽博 ; pinyin : Sūn Shòubó ; born June 11 , 1983 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Wuhan Zall as a goalkeeper in the China League One .
Mike Dowler ( born Caldicot , Monmouthshire ) is a retired Welsh professional football goalkeeper .
Nabeel Sabah Zghaiyer Al - Helechi ( Arabic : نبيل صباح زغير الهليجي‎ , born July 1 , 1990 in Baghdad , Iraq ) , is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a winger and sometimes as attacking midfielder for Al - Shorta in Iraqi Premier League .
Barry Nicholson ( born 24 August 1978 in Dumfries , Scotland ) is a Scottish former professional footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Óscar Alcides Mena Fernández , nicknamed El Mencho ( born 30 November 1970 ) , is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and a current manager .
On 3 September 2015 , MFK Zemplín Michalovce announce signing of Georgian defender Akaki Khubutia .
Natia Natia ( born March 2 , 1985 ) is an American Samoan international footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Sarah Crilly ( born 17 October 1991 ) is a Scottish football midfielder who plays for the Scotland women 's national football team and Glasgow City , of the Scottish Women 's Premier League ( SWPL ) .
Thulasizwe Mbuyane ( born 13 August 1983 in Mamelodi , Gauteng ) is a South African football midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Mpumalanga Black Aces and South Africa .
Giovanni Trigueros Martínez ( born 8 December 1966 in Ahuachapán , El Salvador ) is a retired Salvadoran footballer who played as a central defender for Luis Ángel Firpo in the Salvadoran Premier League .
Allan van Rankin Galland ( born 4 October 1987 ) is a Mexican footballer of Dutch descent who plays as a goalkeeper for Atlante of the Primera División de Mexico .
Henrik Bertilsson ( born 16 October 1969 ) is a retired Swedish professional football forward .
Ansah Owusu ( born 22 November 1979 in London Borough of Hackney ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a midfielder .
Povilas Valinčius ( born 16 May 1989 in Marijampolė ) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and is free of contract .
Christina Pedersen ( born 1982 ) is a Danish former team handball goalkeeper .
Hiram Hunte ( born 21 May 1985 ) is an international football player from Saint Lucia , who plays as a midfielder .
Renan Teixeira da Silva , simply known as Renan ( born 29 March 1985 in Caieiras ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguesa as a defensive midfielder .
Mariusz Jop ( ˈmarjuʂ ˈjɔp ) ( born 3 August 1978 in Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski ) is a retired Polish footballer who played as a defender .
Vangelis Tsiamis ( Greek : Βαγγέλης Τσιάμης , born 14 July 1991 ) is a Greek professional football player , currently playing as a defender for Football League club Acharnaikos , on loan from Veria .
Sandy McAllister ( c. 1878 in Kilmarnock , Scotland -- 1914 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a Central defender .
Aldair Sapalo Amaro Neto ( born 22 July 1994 in Luanda ) simply Aldair or Aldair Neto , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Marítimo B as a forward .
Maximiliano Leonel Rodríguez ( born April 1 , 1994 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Argentinos Juniors .
Marcelo Tejera ( born August 6 , 1973 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a former Uruguayan footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Antonio Comi ( born 26 July 1964 ) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder and the current general manager of Torino .
Maciej Mysiak ( born February 4 , 1984 in Radziszewo ) is a Polish footballer ( defender ) , currently playing for Limanovia Limanowa .
Akbar Ismatullaev is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays as a defender .
Alex Santos Araújo ( born 19 December 1993 ) , commonly known as Alex Santos or just Alex , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward and for Campeonato Brasileiro Série C side Guaratinguetá .
Islam Magdy ( born 1990 in Zagazig ) is an Egyptian footballer who last played as a midfielder for Svetkavitsa in the Bulgarian A PFG .
Mohd Hasbullah Awang ( born 3 April 1983 in Terengganu ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for T - Team in Malaysia Super League as a defender .
Johanna Frisk ( born 19 March 1986 ) is a Swedish former football defender who played for Tyresö FF of the Damallsvenskan for four seasons prior to her retirement in January 2014 .
Patrice Rio ( born August 15 , 1948 in Le Petit - Quevilly , Seine - Maritime ) is a retired football defender from France , who obtained a total number of 17 international caps for the France national football team in the 1970s .
Kostadin Bashov ( Bulgarian : Костадин Башов ; born 26 November 1982 in Gotse Delchev ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a forward for Enosis Neon Paralimni in Cyprus .
Peter Downsborough ( born 13 September 1943 in Halifax ) is a retired goalkeeper .
Ariel Francisco Rodríguez Araya , known as Ariel Rodríguez ( born September 27 , 1989 in San José ) is a professional Costa Rican footballer who plays in Thailand for Bangkok Glass and the Costa Rica national football team as a forward .
Danilo Pantić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данило Пантић ; born 26 October 1996 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dutch side Vitesse , on loan from Chelsea .
Javier Ignacio Leon Mira ( born March 23 , 1982 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is an Argentine central defender , with a lot of experiencie playing around the world currently with no club .
Wahyu Gunawan ( born in Malang , East Java , November 10 , 1985 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Deltras in the Indonesia Super League as a defender and midfielder .
Dino Gifford ( 6 January 1917 -- 5 November 2013 ) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Viareggio , Livorno , Modena , Molinella , Le Signe and L'Aquila Calcio .
Petr Filipský ( born 9 July 1985 ) is a Czech footballer , who plays as a midfielder .
Nick Courtney ( born November 30 1987 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for New York Athletic Club in the National Premier Soccer League .
Petyo Dinkov ( Bulgarian : Петьо Динков ) ( born 8 December 1979 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who currently plays for Bansko .
Paul Slane ( born 25 November 1991 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Clyde .
Essam El - Hadary ( Arabic : عصام الدين كمال توفيق الحضري‎ ; born 15 January 1973 ) is an Egyptian goalkeeper , playing for Egyptian Premier League club Wadi Degla and Egypt national football team .
Ara Nigoyan ( born 27 October 1968 ) is a retired football defender and midfielder from Armenia .
Petr Vašek ( born 9 April 1979 , in Čeladná ) is a Czech football goalkeeper .
Shane MacEachern ( born December 14 , 1967 in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island ) is a retired ice hockey centre .
Dominique Richardson ( born 6 September 1992 ) , is a Bermudian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Alexandra Svetlitskaya is a former Russian football midfielder who represented Russia in the 1999 and 2003 World Cups .
Benoît Barros ( born 6 August 1989 ) is a French footballer who currently plays for Belfort as a defensive midfielder .
Jaime Daniel Melão Simões ( born 11 June 1989 in Santarém ) , known simply as Jaime , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Apollon Limassol on loan from C.F. União mainly as a central defender .
Ricardo Álvarez Puig ( born 11 September 1984 in Vigo , Galicia ) , known as Richy , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a central defender .
Marquez Fernandez ( born September 7 , 1992 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder .
Lassina Diomandé ( born 24 June 1979 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays in the defender position .
Loukima Tamoukini ( born 6 September 1975 in Kinshasa ) is a Congolese footballer who plays for Portuguese club Sociedade União Perolivense as a defensive midfielder .
Nima Delavari ( Persian : نیما دلاوری‎‎ ) is an Iranian football defender who plays for Nassaji Mazandaran in the Azadegan League .
Seak Poh Leong ( born 1952 ) is a former Singapore national football team captain who played for National Football League side Singapore Armed Forces Sports Association and Singapore FA in the Malaysia Cup as a midfielder .
Oswald Littler ( 15 February 1907 -- 21 January 1970 ) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside - forward for various clubs in the 1920s and 1930s .
Gabriel Lettieri is an Argentine football midfielder He was born on March 1 , 1975 , in the Capital Federal district of Buenos Aires in Argentina .
Sebastián Rodrigo Martínez ( born April 11 , 1983 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan association football defender currently playing for Atlético Rafaela of the Argentine Primera División .
Greer Barnes ( born November 5 , 1987 in Rye , New York ) is an American soccer defender who last played for FC Gold Pride of Women 's Professional Soccer .
Nathan Talbott ( born 21 October 1984 ) is an English professional football midfielder who last played for Stafford Rangers .
José Omar Pastoriza ( 23 May 1942 -- 2 August 2004 ) was a football midfielder for Independiente , AS Monaco , and the Argentina national football team , as well as manager for many teams including the Venezuelan national team .
Andriy Stryzheus ( Ukrainian : Андрій Святославович Стрижеус ; born 18 August 1995 ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Dinamo Brest .
Bernard King ( born December 4 , 1956 ) is an American retired professional basketball player at the small forward position in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Lakdar Boussaha ( born July 18 , 1987 in Bourg St Maurice , France ) is a French - Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for Bourg - Péronnas in the Ligue 2 .
Vyacheslav Churko ( Ukrainian : В'ячеслав В'ячеславович Чурко , born 10 May 1993 in Uzhhorod , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for Puskás Akadémia FC .
Jorge Francisco Casanova Canchila ( born July 6 , 1984 ) is a Venezuelan soccer midfielder who plays for Atlético Venezuela .
Dimitar Rangelov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Рангелов , born 9 February 1983 ) is a Bulgarian football forward who plays for Turkish side Konyaspor and the Bulgarian national team .
Kensi Tangis is a Vanuatuan footballer who plays as a forward for Solomon Island topclub Solomon Warriors
Pere Gratacós Boix ( born 14 February 1958 ) is a Spanish retired football central defender and coach .
João Evangelista Belfort Duarte , commonly known as Belfort Duarte ( November 27 , 1883 -- November 27 , 1918 ) , was a Brazilian football central defender .
Haim Levin ( born c. 1937 in Petah Tikva ) is a former Israeli football goalkeeper who is most famous for playing in Maccabi Tel Aviv and for Israel in the 1960s .
Björn Sengier ( born 12 July 1979 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Belgian club KSC Hasselt .
Kasper Pedersen ( born 13 January 1993 ) is a Danish defender , playing for AaB.
Dylan Caton is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a midfielder for Sydney FC in the A - League .
Sebastian Nowak ( born January 13 , 1982 in Jastrzębie Zdrój ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper who currently plays for Termalica Bruk - Bet .
Radek Petr ( born 24 February 1987 ) is a Czech footballer who plays as a goalkeeper as a free agent .
Maksym Lapushenko ( Ukrainian : Максим Сергійович Лапушенко ; born 19 February 1992 , Kiev , Ukraine ) is a Ukraine football defender who plays for Leixões S.C ..
Serhiy Chenbay ( Ukrainian : Сергій Дмитрович Ченбай , born 6 November 1992 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Kremin Kremenchuk in the Ukrainian Second League .
Mark Dougherty ( born November 7 , 1967 in Santa Clara , California , United States ) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played in the Western Soccer League , American Professional Soccer League , USISL and Major League Soccer .
Hugh McLeish ( 10 June 1948 -- December 2004 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Luton Town and in the Scottish League for Berwick Rangers .
József Somogyi ( born 23 May 1968 ) is a Hungarian football player who has played at attacking midfielder .
Giosuè Fioriti ( born 3 May 1989 , in Gubbio ) is an Italian football forward who currently plays for A.S. Gualdo Calcio .
Jeff Sebastian ( born November 21 , 1971 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman .
Daniel Stana ( born 2 December 1982 ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Petrolul Ploiești .
Akaki Devadze ( born 28 November 1971 ) is a retired Georgian footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Jorge Claudio Arbiza Zanuttini ( born March 3 , 1967 in Montevideo ) is a retired Uruguayan football goalkeeper who won league titles in Uruguay , Paraguay and Chile .
Mickaël Pereira ( born 28 September 1991 , in Grenoble ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Olhanense as a midfielder .
Dennis Wright ( 19 December 1919 -- August 1993 ) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Mansfield Town .
Kevin Lalande ( February 19 , 1987 ) is a Canadian - Belarusian professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for HC CSKA Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Francis Gillot ( born February 9 , 1960 in Maubeuge , France ) is a former football defender and most recently manages Chinese Super League team Shanghai Shenhua .
Kenneth Andreassen ( born 22 May 1985 ) is a retired Norwegian football midfielder and current coach .
Nils Butzen ( born 2 April 1993 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for 1 .
A central midfielder , Koen van de Laak started to play for a local club named Zwaluw VFC in 1988 when he was six years old .
Jung Woo - young ( Hangul : 정우영 , Hanja : 鄭又榮 ; born 14 December 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chinese Super League club Chongqing Lifan .
Johan Liébus ( born November 5 , 1978 in Tours ) is a French professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Louhans - Cuiseaux .
Laura Herrera Boxo ( Santa Cruz de Tenerife , 11 July 1989 ) is a Spanish basketball player , who plays as center .
Ben Bowditch is an English footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Potters Bar Town
Ilias Botaitis ( Greek : Ηλίας Μποταΐτης ; born 29 September 1979 ) is a Greek former footballer , last played for Aiginiakos F.C. in the Greece Football League as a midfielder .
Wissam Kadhim ( Arabic : وسام كاظم‎ ) ( born in January 1986 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Alexandre Bonnot ( born July 31 , 1973 in Poissy , Yvelines ) is a former football midfielder .
Igor Knyazev ( born January 27 , 1983 in Elektrostal , Soviet Union ) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman .
Josimar Atoche ( born 29 September 1989 ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as an central midfielder for Juan Aurich in the Torneo Descentralizado .
Former Otago centre and Highlanders Wider Training Squad member Brett Mather answered an SOS call from the Hurricanes in the early rounds of the 2010 Rebel Sport Super 14 and joined the injury hit squad on their three - match tour of South Africa .
Milutin Šoškić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милутин Шошкић ; born 31 December 1937 ) is a Serbian former goalkeeper who is one of FK Partizan 's biggest legends .
Pablo Pallarès Marzo ( born 12 January 1987 in Gandia , Valencian Community ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF mainly as a forward .
Darrel Scoville ( born October 13 , 1975 in Swift Current , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Austrian team EHC LIWEST Black Wings Linz of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga .
Rostyslav Bahdasarov ( Ukrainian : Ростислав Ігорович Багдасаров ; born 24 May 1993 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Marius Trésor ( born 15 January 1950 in Sainte - Anne , Guadeloupe ) is a retired football defender from France , who was named by Pelé as one of the top 125 greatest living footballers .
Dejan Ognjanović ( Cyrillic : Дејан Огњановић ; born 21 June 1978 ) is a Montenegrin football defender who plays for Montenegrin First League club Sutjeska Nikšić .
Wang Chengkuai ( Chinese : 王成快 ; pinyin : Wáng Chéngkuài ; born 23 January 1995 ) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Portuguese club Gondomar as a midfielder .
Majed Hazzazi ( Arabic : ماجد هزازي‎ ) ( born 1988 ) is a Saudi Arabian football ( soccer ) player who currently plays as a defender for Al - Raed .
Elisson Aparecido Rosa ( born 26 March 1987 in Belo Horizonte ) , simply known as Elisson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cruzeiro .
Fitzroy Simpson ( born 26 February 1970 in England ) is a former professional English - born Jamaican professional footballer who was a midfielder and left back from 1988 to 2008 .
Carlos Akapo Martínez ( born 12 March 1993 ) is an Equatoguinean professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF Mestalla as a right back or central defender .
Nikola Mikelini ( Italian : Michellini ) ( born on March 27 , 1982 in Gračanica ) is a Bosnian - Italian footballer , defender playing for Astra Ploieşti in the Liga I from Romania .
Christian Schwegler ( born 6 June 1984 in Ettiswil ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Franck Alain James Lebœuf ( French pronunciation : ​(frɑ̃k lə.bœf ) , typically anglicised as Frank Leboeuf , born 22 January 1968 ) is an actor , sports commentator and former French international footballer who played primarily as a central defender .
Acorán Barrera Reyes ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ako'ɾan ba'reɾa ' reʝes ) ; born 31 January 1983 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands ) , known simply as Acorán , is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Ponferradina as a midfielder .
Thierry Siquet ( born 18 October 1968 in Huy ) is a Belgian retired professional football defender , who is the manager of Belgium U17 and the technical director of Virton .
Leonardo Castro ( born May 12 , 1989 in Bogotá ) is a Colombian football forward , who currently plays for Mamelodi Sundowns in the Premier Soccer League .
Marco Capuano ( born 14 October 1991 ) is an Italian / Portugalian professional footballer who plays for Serie B side Cagliari as a central defender .
Melissa Herrera ( born 10 October 1996 ) is a Costa Rican footballer who play as a forward .
Heurelho da Silva Gomes ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɡõmiʃ ) , born 15 February 1981 ) , commonly known as Heurelho Gomes or just Gomes , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Watford .
Patrick Modeste ( born September 30 , 1976 in Grenada ) is a Grenadian football player , currently playing for Q.P.R. , he also serves as a defender for the Grenada national football team .
Lo Kong Wai ( Chinese : 羅港威 ; Jyutping : lo4 gong2 wai1 ; born 19 June 1992 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA as a midfielder .
Charalampos Brilakis ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος Μπριλάκης , born 28 October 1981 ) is a professional Greek football player , currently playing as a defender for Kallithea .
Florent Cuvelier ( born 12 September 1992 ) is a Belgian professional football player who plays as a midfielder for League One club Sheffield United .
Francisco Rodríguez García ( born 8 March 1934 ) , nicknamed Rodri , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender .
Hampus Nilsson ( born 17 July 1990 ) is a Swedish footballer ( goalkeeper ) that plays for Djurgården .
Borja García Santamaría , simply known as Borja ( born 7 January 1990 ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Avilés as a defender .
Kalidou Koulibaly ( born 20 June 1991 ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Napoli in Serie A. His main asset is his versatility , as he can play as a central defender , right back or defensive midfielder .
Demetris Kyprianou ( Greek : Δημήτρης Κυπριανού ; born February 2 , 1993 in Limassol , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot football midfielder who currently plays for AEK Larnaca .
Steve Marlet ( born 10 January 1974 in Pithiviers ) is a retired French footballer and coach , who played as a forward .
Adolfo Moyano Burgos ( born 21 January 1988 in Torre del Mar , Málaga ) , known as Popo , is a Spanish footballer who plays mainly as an attacking midfielder .
Timothy Nocchi ( born 7 July 1990 ) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Carrarese on loan from three - time defending Serie A champions , Juventus .
Dragoș Firțulescu ( born 15 May 1989 ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Râmnicu Vâlcea as a left midfielder .
Tomáš Boháčik ( born 25 May 1979 in Brezno ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the 2 .
Thokozile Mndaweni ( born 8 August 1981 ) is a South African women 's footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Ademilson Braga Bispo Junior ( born 9 January 1994 ) , known as Ademilson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Gamba Osaka , on loan from São Paulo FC as a forward .
Braulio Uraezaña Cuñaendi ( born March 26 , 1995 in Bolivia ) is a Bolivian footballer who currently plays goalkeeper for Blooming .
Diego de Miguel Escribano ( born 1 September 1984 in Soria , Castile and León ) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Nicolás Vikonis ( born 6 April 1984 ) is an Uruguayan footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Millonarios FC in the Categoría Primera A.
Calvin Colquhoun ( born 25 July 1996 ) is a professional Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dundee .
Tarık Altuntaş ( born 23 August 1991 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for amateur side Toroslar Belediyespor .
Jan Polák ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjan ˈpolaːk ) ; born 14 March 1981 ) is a Czech international footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 .
Thierry Debès ( born 13 January 1974 , in Strasbourg ) is a retired French football goalkeeper .
Naveena Saraswathi Sabatham ( English : Modern Saraswathi 's Challenge ) is a 2013 Tamil contemporary fantasy comedy film written and directed by K. Chandru .
Ek Tha Raja is a 1996 Indian Bollywood film directed by and produced by Ratan Jain .
Youth on Parade is a 1942 musical film starring John Hubbard , Ruth Terry , Martha O'Driscoll , Tom Brown , Ivan F. Simpson , Charles Smith , Lynn Merrick , Nana Bryant , Bruce Langley , Chick Chandler , Marlyn Schild , and Paul Fix .
The First $ 20 Million Is Always the Hardest is a 2002 film based on a novel by technology - culture writer Po Bronson .
Sea of Fear is a 2006 film about a group of people on a boat who fall victim to a killing spree .
Kumkuma Rakshe ( Kannada : ಕುಂಕುಮ ರಕ್ಷೆ ) is a 1977 Kannada film directed by S.K.A.Chari .
Sea Wife ( 1957 ) is a DeLuxe CinemaScope British film based on the 1955 James Maurice Scott novel Sea - Wyf .
Image of Death is a 1978 Australian TV movie about a woman who likes to live off other people 's money .
The Dark Place is a 2014 mystery - thriller film written and directed by Jody Wheeler .
The Oldest Profession ( French : Le Plus Vieux Métier du monde ) is a 1967 internationally co - produced comedy film .
The Good Witch is a television film that aired on the Hallmark Channel on January 19 , 2008 .
Der Nürnberger Parteitag der NSDAP ( English : The Nuremberg Convention of the NSDAP ) is a 1929 propaganda film about the 4th party convention of the Nazi Party .
A Homansu ( ア・ホーマンス ) is a 1986 Japanese film .
Everything to Gain ( also known as Barbara Taylor Bradford 's Everything to Gain ) is a 1996 television romantic drama film directed by Michael Miller and based on a novel by Barbara Taylor Bradford .
León and Olvido ( León y Olvido in Spanish , León e Olvido in Galician ) is a 2004 Spanish movie .
Beauty & the Briefcase is an ABC Family television film produced by Image Entertainment that originally aired on April 18 , 2010 .
The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader - Murdering Mom is a 1993 comedy TV movie produced by and for HBO .
The Sleepwalker Killing , is a 1997 TV movie based on a popular real - life case from the Unsolved Mysteries television series .
Rock Band 4 is a 2015 music video game developed by Harmonix .
Roberta Karlsson och kungen is a 1983 Viveca Sundvall children 's book in the Mimmi series .
WarWizard was a fantasy role - playing video game that was released as shareware in 1993 , first for Amiga , then ported to MS - DOS for IBM - compatible computers .
The Other Final is a 2003 documentary film , directed by Johan Kramer of Dutch communications agency Kessels Kramer , about a football match between Bhutan and Montserrat , the then - lowest ranked teams in the FIFA World Rankings .
Exo - Man is a 1977 made - for - TV science fiction film directed by Richard Irving .
The Burrowers is a 2008 horror / thriller film with a Western theme .
Omo Elemosho ( English : Child of Elemosho ) is a 2012 Nigerian film directed by Bayo Tijani and produced by Yewande Adekoya ; the producer of the award winning film Kudi Klepto .
Cold Prey 3 ( Norwegian : Fritt vilt III ) is a 2010 Norwegian slasher film , it is the prequel to the highly successful Cold Prey ( Fritt vilt ) , and Cold Prey 2 ( Fritt vilt II ) .
Rise of the Guardians is a 2012 American 3D computer - animated fantasy film based on William Joyce 's The Guardians of Childhood book series and The Man in the Moon short film by Joyce and Reel FX .
To Oblige a Lady is a 1931 British comedy film directed by H. Manning Haynes and starring Maisie Gay , Warwick Ward , Lilian Oldland , Haddon Mason and James Carew .
The Hustler of Muscle Beach is a 1980 comedy film that originally aired on ABC - TV .
Misión extravagante a.k.a . Misión en Buenos Aires is a 1954 Argentine film released on December 2 , 1954 .
Duniyaa Jhukti Hai is a 1996 Hindi language feature film directed by Yash Chauhan and produced by S. Raghunath Rao ( Raghunathrao Shirbhate ) .
The Legend of Marilyn Monroe is a 1966 American documentary film chronicling the life and career of actress Marilyn Monroe .
The Secret of the Magic Gourd ( Chinese : 宝葫芦的秘密 ) , or The Magic Gourd , is a 2007 live - action / CGI animated movie made by Centro in co - operation with China Movie Co Ltd and Disney .
Sodari ( Kannada : ಸೋದರಿ ) is a 1955 Indian Kannada film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur .
El Acompañamiento ( English language : The Supporter ) is a 1991 Argentine musical drama film directed and written by Carlos Orgambide .
Kung Fu Panda Holiday is a 2010 American television special that premiered on NBC on November 24 , 2010 .
The Scarlet Worm is a 2011 American Revisionist Western film directed by Michael Fredianelli .
Geumbungeo ( 금붕어 ) ( Goldfish ) is a 1927 Korean silent film .
The Daicon III and IV Opening Animations are two short , anime , 8 mm films that were produced for the 1981 Daicon III and 1983 Daicon IV Nihon SF Taikai conventions .
Between Wars is an Australian 1974 drama / war film released on 15 November 1974 .
The Art of Skiing is a Goofy cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1941 .
For Christ 's Sake is a 2009 comedy film directed by Jackson Douglas written by Jeff Lewis and starring Alex Borstein .
Darling 2 is a 2016 Tamil horror film directed by debutant Sathish Chandrasekaran and produced by Rite Media Works and Sathish Chandrasekaranin Kadhaigal .
The Oregon Trail 3rd Edition ( full title : The Oregon Trail 3rd Edition : Pioneer Adventures ) is the second sequel to the 1982 edutainment video game The Oregon Trail after Oregon Trail II . It was developed by MECC and released on Dec 31 , 1997 .
Mussolini and I is a 1985 TV docu - drama about the strained relationship between Italy 's fascist dictator Benito Mussolini and his son - in - law and foreign minister , Count Galeazzo Ciano , based on Ciano 's diaries .
Moonshine Valley is a 1922 black - and - white silent American Western film .
Below the Line ( Ispod crte ) is a Croatian film directed by Petar Krelja released in 2003 .
You Ca n't Escape is a 1956 British drama film directed by Wilfred Eades and starring Noelle Middleton , Guy Rolfe and Robert Urquhart .
Lassie 's Rescue Rangers is an animated TV show produced by Filmation and featuring Lassie , running from 1973 to 1975 .
Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya is a 2014 Bollywood comedy film , directed by Sunil Agnihotri and produced by Sunil Agnihotri Productions , Vandana Motion Pictures Pvt Ltd. This film is Mika Singh 's first attempt as an actor .
Kaamana Billu ( Kannada : ಕಾಮನ ಬಿಲ್ಲು ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada language film directed by Chi .
Poios Thanas(s)is ( Greek : Ποιος Θανάσης , Who is Thanassis ) is a 1969 Greek drama / comedy film directed and written by Thanassis Vengos and starring himself , Anna Fonsou and Vangelos Ploios .
Miss Malini is a 1947 Indian Tamil satirical film based on the novel Mr. Sampath by R. K. Narayan .
Powermonger ( or Power Monger ) is a real - time strategy game developed by Bullfrog in 1990 , derived from the Populous engine but presented using a 3-dimensional game map .
Mickey 's Christmas Carol is a 1983 animated Christmas featurette produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution .
Choturtha Matra is a 2001 Bangladeshi television drama film that won Meril Prothom Alo Critic Awards in 2002 in three categories .
Last Stand of the 300 is a TV documentary / reenactment which premièred on The History Channel in 2007 .
Katilon Ke Kaatil ( A Murderer 's Murderer ) is a 1981 Indian Bollywood action thriller film .
United Gates of America is a 2006 BBC television documentary directed by Alex Cooke , featuring journalist Charlie LeDuff .
The Dentist 2 ( also known as The Dentist 2 : Brace Yourself ) is a 1998 American horror film , and sequel to the 1996 film The Dentist .
Dagudumootha Dandakor is a 2015 Telugu film directed by debutant RK Malineni and produced by Ramoji Rao .
Escape to Victory , known simply as Victory in North America , is a 1981 film about Allied prisoners of war who are interned in a German prison camp during the Second World War who play an exhibition match of football against a German team .
Tom and Jerry 's Giant Adventure is a 2013 animated fantasy comedy direct - to - video film starring Tom and Jerry , produced by Warner Bros. Animation .
Second Name ( El Segundo Nombre in Spanish ) is a 2002 Spanish horror film .
The Donkey 's Hide ( Russian : Ослиная шкура ( Oslinaya shkura ) ) is a 1982 Soviet fantasy film based on Charles Perrault 's Donkeyskin .
Alyas Batman en Robin ( lit : `` Alias : Batman and Robin '' ) is a 1991 Filipino Batman comedy film produced by Regal Films spoofing the 1960s Batman television series .
Led by Dwayne ' Oddjob ' Douglass , Action Half - Life went through several beta versions before being released as version 1.0 in 1999 .
Cally 's Comet is a short silent American drama film released on April 18 , 1911 .
All the Green Year is a 1980 Australian series based on a 1965 novel about three boys growing up on the eve of the Great Depression .
Certo certissimo ... anzi probabile ( Certain , Very Certain , As a Matter of Fact ... Probable ; English title Diary of a Telephone Operator ) is a 1969 Italian film .
Peppa Pig is a British preschool animated television series directed and produced by Astley Baker Davies , which originally aired on 31 May 2004 , and is distributed by E1 Kids .
Five by Four is a 2003 Indian film written and directed by Roopa Swaninathan .
Angels Sing is a 2013 Christmas family drama film .
The Alpha Caper , also known as The Inside Job , is a made - for - television crime thriller directed by Robert Michael Lewis and released in 1973 .
Yeh Lamhe Judaai Ke ( Hindi : ये लम्हे जुदाई के , translation : `` The Moments of Separation '' ) is a delayed 2004 Bollywood romance mystery film directed by Birendra Nath Tiwari and produced by Ritesh Nayyar .
National Lampoon 's Gold Diggers ( also known as National Lampoon 's Lady Killers ) is a 2003 film directed by Gary Preisler .
Gokula Krishna ( Kannada : ಗೋಕುಲ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ) is a 2012 Kannada romantic comedy film directed by B. M. Jayakannan and produced jointly by P. Shekar Gowda and Narayan Swamy .
Squeeze Play ! is a 1979 comedy film from 20th Century Fox directed by Matthew Diamond .
Getting Gotti is a 1994 TV film centered on a Brooklyn Assistant District Attorney named Diane Giacalone , and her attempts to build a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ( RICO ) case against John Gotti and the Gambino crime family .
A Moment to Remember ( Hangul : 내 머리 속의 지우개 ; RR : Nae Meorisogui Jiugae ; lit . `` Eraser in My Head '' ) is a 2004 South Korean film based on the 2001 Japanese television drama Pure Soul .
The Tale of Soldier Fedot , The Daring Fellow ( Russian : Про Федота-стрельца , удалого молодца , Pro Fedota - Streltsa , Udalogo Molodtsa ) is a 2008 Russian animated film directed by Ludmila Steblyanko .
The Young Country is a 1970 American western made - for - TV film , starring Walter Brennan , Joan Hackett , Wally Cox , Pete Duel and Roger Davis .
Madam Rani ( Punjabi : میڈم رانی ) is 1995 Pakistani Punjabi language action film .
Filmed on October 25 - -28 , 1938 , the title Flat Foot Stooges is a pun on the 1938 jazz song `` Flat Foot Floogie '' .
Salaam Namaste is a 2005 Bollywood musical romantic comedy film .
Dream On ! is a film which premiered in 1981 at the Festival International du Nouveau Cinema , Montreal .
The Odd Angry Shot is a 1979 war film following the experiences of Australian soldiers during the Vietnam War .
Silent Warnings ( aka Dark Harvest ) is a 2003 sci - fi / horror TV movie about a group of college students who begin finding crop circles by the house they 've moved into .
Über Goober A Film About Gamers is a 2004 independent documentary film focusing on people who play role - playing games .
Mifune 's Last Song ( Danish : Mifunes sidste sang ; in North America and Swedish : Mifune ) , 1999 , is the third film to be made according to the Dogme 95 group rules .
A Novel Romance is a 2011 comedy - drama film about a chance meeting between two strangers that leads the unlikely pair to become roommates , and despite their differences , the two eventually realize that they have spent all their lives waiting for one another .
One Ca n't Always Tell was released on May 31 , 1913 , in the United States , where it was presented as a split - reel with If Dreams Came True ; or , Who 'd Have Thunk It ? , another Vitagraph comedy .
Begaana is a 1963 Hindi is a romantic drama film .
Red Sands is a 2009 American horror film set in Parvan Province , Afghanistan in September 2002 .
Karppooradeepam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film , directed by George Kithu , starring Siddique and Shanthi Krishna in the lead role .
Passage de Venus is a series of photographs of the transit of the planet Venus across the Sun in 1874 .
A Mouse Divided is a 1953 Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Friz Freleng and featuring Sylvester .
Betty Boop and Grampy is a 1935 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop , and featuring Grampy in his first appearance .
Poshter Boyz is a 2014 Indian Marathi language comedy film directed by Sameer Patil and written by Sameer Patil and Charudatta Bhagwat .
Hare Tonic is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce .
The To Do List is a 2013 American comedy film , released on July 26 , 2013 .
Marrying the Mafia III ( Hangul : 가문의 부활 - 가문의 영광 3 ; RR : Gamuneui buhwal - Kamuneui yeonggwang 3 ) is a 2006 South Korean film .
Sancai Tuhui , compiled by Wang Qi ( Chinese : 王圻 ) and his son Wang Siyi ( Chinese : 王思义 ) , is a Chinese leishu encyclopedia , completed in 1607 and published in 1609 during the Ming dynasty , featuring illustrations of subjects in the three worlds of heaven , earth , and humanity .
Peluca is a short film by director Jared Hess , produced for an assignment while attending Brigham Young University in 2002 .
Doomsday Gun is a 1994 television film produced by HBO , dramatizing the life of Canadian supergun designer Dr. Gerald Bull and his involvement in Project Babylon , Saddam Hussein 's plan to build a supergun with a range of over 500 miles .
Cat Dancers is a 2008 HBO documentary film about Ron Holiday ( his stage name ; real name Ron Guay ) and his wife Joy Holiday ( her stage name ; married name Doris Guay ; birth name Doris Gagnon ) and their jaguar , panther and tiger show .
T. Rex and the Crater of Doom is a nonfiction book by professor Walter Alvarez that was published by Princeton University Press in 1997 .
Johnny Tootall is a 2005 television film written and directed by Shirley Cheechoo and was filmed around Vancouver Island , British Columbia with the Ahousaht Nations people .
When Boys Fly is a 2002 documentary film that explores the world of gay circuit parties .
To Have or Not to Have ( Dashtan Va Nadashtan ) is a 2001 Iranian documentary film .
Racing for Time is a 2008 Lifetime Original Movie , starring Charles S. Dutton , and Elizabeth Peña .
When We Were Beautiful , is a 2009 feature documentary of the American rock band Bon Jovi , marking the band 's 25th year .
Boomerang Bill is an extant 1922 American silent crime melodrama film produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed through Paramount Pictures .
My Brother the Serial Killer is a 2012 American television documentary about serial killer Glen Rogers , otherwise known as the `` Casanova Killer '' , who was convicted for a series of murders and arsons .
Scream of the Banshee is a 2011 monster movie directed by Steven C. Miller and released as part of the After Dark Originals series .
Zombie eXs is a 2013 American zombie comedy film written Jean Cohen and George Smith , directed by George Smith , starring Aex Hammel - Shaver , Scott Keebler and Madison Hart and distributed by Alternative Cinema / Bloody Earth Films .
Nobap ( English : Pomelo ) is a 2009 Manipuri film directed by Heisnam Tomba , written and produced by Suresh Hidang , and presented by Madhuri .
Men of Respect is a 1990 crime drama film , an adaptation of William Shakespeare 's play Macbeth .
The Negro Soldier is a 1944 documentary created by the United States Army during World War II . The film was produced by Frank Capra as a follow up to his successful film series Why We Fight .
Miraculous Journey is a 1948 film about seven airplane passengers who find themselves stranded in an African jungle after their plane crashes .
When Billie Beat Bobby is a 2001 ABC docudrama detailing the historic 1973 `` The Battle of the Sexes '' tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs and what lead up to it .
I Wake Up Screaming ( originally titled Hot Spot ) is a 1941 film noir .
The Break - Up Artist is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Steve Woo starring Amanda Crew , Ryan Kennedy , Moneca Delain , Peter Benson , Ali Liebert , Jeffrey Bowyer - Chapman and Serinda Swan .
Chirodini Tumi Je Amar 2 2014 a Bengali crime drama film .
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 American animated musical film produced by Walt Disney Productions .
El indio ( English : The Indian ) is a 1939 Mexican drama film directed by Armando Vargas de la Maza .
The Day After is an American television film that first aired on November 20 , 1983 , on the ABC television network .
Slaughtered was featured at the United Kingdom festival Film4 Fright and in 2009 at Grimmfest .
Channel Chaos is a 1985 Australian film set at a TV station .
The Ron Clark Story ( also known as The Triumph in Australia , New Zealand , the Netherlands , Belgium , the United Kingdom , Sweden and the Philippines ) is a 2006 television film starring Matthew Perry , that premiered on TNT on Sunday , August 13 , 2006 .
Larceny with Music is a 1943 musical comedy featuring singer Alan Jones and band leader Alvino Rey .
Senathipathi ( English : Chief ) is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by M. Rathnakumar , an erstwhile assistant of Bharathi Raja and also wrote script for his films Karuthamma and Kizhakku Cheemayile .
Numafung is a 2004 Limbu language film that portrays the culture and tradition of the Limbu community .
The Treasures of Agra ( Russian : Приключения Шерлока Холмса и доктора Ватсона : Сокровища Агры ) is a 1983 Soviet television film , the fourth of five in the series The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson .
The Condemned 2 ( also known as The Condemned 2 : Desert Prey ) is a 2015 American action film directed by Roel Reiné and released by WWE Studios .
Project Happiness is a 2011 documentary film created , narrated , and produced by Randy Taran and directed by John Sorenson .
Destiny in Space is a 70 mm Canadian IMAX documentary film released in 1994 .
`` Strange Fruit '' is a song performed most famously by Billie Holiday , who first sang and recorded it in 1939 .
Let 's Go Our Own Way ( Slovene : Gremo mi po svoje ) is a 2010 Slovenian adventures youth film directed by Miha Hočevar , starring Jurij Zrnec , Tadej Koren Šmid , and Jure Kreft in the title roles .
Ek Do Teen is a 1953 Hindi comedy film produced and directed by Roop K. Shorey .
Forward , Comrades ( Russian : Вперед , товарищи ; Chinese : 前进,达瓦里希 ; pinyin : Qiánjìn , dáwǎlǐxī ; literally : `` Advance , tovarish '' ) is a 2013 Chinese animated short film by Wang Liyin of the Beijing Film Academy .
Sringkhal ( Assamese : শৃংখল , The Quiver ) is a 2014 Assamese drama film directed by Prabin Hazarika , based on an Assamese short story by Dr. Bhabendra Nath Saikia of the same name .
Michelle Kwan Figure Skating is a computer game released in 1999 , starring American skater Michelle Kwan .
The Unfortunate Policeman is a 1905 British short silent comedy film , produced by Robert W. Paul , featuring a policeman chasing a young painter after he tips a pot of paint over him .
Public Cemetery is 1967 South Korean horror film .
Pigskin Parade is a 1936 musical comedy film which tells the story of husband and wife college football coaches who convince a backwoods player to play for their team so they can go to the big Bowl Game .
Hare - Less Wolf is a 1958 Merrie Melodies cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and the absent - minded wolf character , Charles M. Wolf ( voiced by Mel Blanc ) .
Pighalta Aasman is a 1985 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Shammi ( actress ) .
Screwballs is a 1983 Canadian teen sex comedy film .
My Wishes ( Pinyin : Xin Yuan ) is a 1999 film directed by Lam Yee Hung .
Expresso Bongo , a 1958 West End musical and a 1959 film , is a satire of the music industry .
The Seven from Texas ( Spanish : Antes llega la muert , Italian : I sette del Texas , also known as Seven Guns from Texas and Hour of Death ) is a 1964 Spanish - Italian western film directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent .
Take My Body Close is a song written by Mathias Kallenberger and Anders Berlin , and recorded by Velvet and released as a single in 2008 , and also appearing on her 2009 album The Queen .
The Saxon Charm is a 1948 drama film made by Universal International Pictures .
Investigating Tarzan is a 1997 Canadian documentary film written and directed by Alain d ' Aix for InformAction Films to investigate the history and cultural impact of the character of Tarzan and the books and films in which the character was depicted .
Tell It to a Star is a 1945 American musical film directed by Frank McDonald and written by John K. Butler .
The Cabin in the Mountains is a 2014 Chinese suspense crime film written and directed by Gary Tang .
Talli Tandrulu ( English : Parents ) is a 1991 Telugu , drama film produced by A. V. Subba Rao on Prasad Art Pictures banner , directed by Tatineni Rama Rao .
Family for Christmas is a 2015 American - Canadian holiday romantic comedy directed by Amanda Tapping and starring Lacey Chabert and Tyron Leitso .
Love Is Never Silent is a 1985 Hallmark Hall of Fame television film aired on CBS December 9 , 1985 and stars Mare Winningham and Cloris Leachman .
Kutob is a 2005 Filipino suspense horror film directed by Jose Javier Reyes ; the title translates into `` foreboding '' in English .
Planeat is a 2010 British documentary film by Or Shlomi and Shelley Lee Davies .
Look in Any Window is a 1961 black - and - white film starring Paul Anka , Gigi Perreau , and , in his film debut , Jack Cassidy .
En julhälsning från Cyndee is a 1986 Cyndee Peters Christmas album .
Puerta de Hierro , el exilio de Perón ( Spanish : Iron gate , the exile of Perón ) is a 2012 Argentine film .
Zombies on Broadway ( or Loonies on Broadway in the UK ) is an 1945 American horror comedy film directed by Gordon M. Douglas .
The Adventures of Marco Polo is a 1938 drama - adventure genre film , and one of the most elaborate and costly of Samuel Goldwyn 's productions .
Treasure of the Moon Goddess is a 1987 adventure film about a pop singer who is kidnapped by pirates while touring Central America because of her resemblance to a native moon goddess .
Way of the Wicked is a 2014 American horror movie that was directed by Kevin Carraway .
Howling III ( also known as Howling III : The Marsupials and Marsupials : The Howling III ) is a 1987 Australian horror threequel to The Howling , directed by Howling II :
Shrek the Halls is a television special that premiered on the American television network ABC on Wednesday , November 28 , 2007 .
Customer ( Dis)Service is a documentary that premiered on January 5 , 2012 at 9PM Eastern Time on CNBC .
Makan esmoh alwatan is an Egyptian 2006 documentary film .
A Sentimental Attempt ( Italian : Un tentativo sentimentale ) is a 1963 Italian comedy film .
The Plow Boy is a Mickey Mouse short animated film first released on May 9 , 1929 .
The Turnaround ! is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7 , 1963 and on February 5 , 1965 , and released on the Blue Note label .
MotoGP 13 is a motorcycle racing game developed and published by Milestone on 21 June 2013 .
Lintah Darat ( ( lɪnˈtah daˈrat ) ; Malay for Loan Shark ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) directed by Wu Tsun and produced by Jo Eng Sek .
The Dead and the Damned 2 ( also The Dead , the Damned , and the Darkness and Tom Sawyer vs Zombies ) is a 2014 American horror film written and directed by Rene Perez .
Made in L.A. is a 2007 documentary film that tells the story of three Latina immigrants as they wage a battle against their employer , a Los Angeles garment factory .
The Economics Anti - Textbook is both an introduction to , and critique of the typical approaches to economics teaching , written by Rod Hill and Tony Myatt in 2010 .
To celebrate its 50th anniversary year , ESO in 2012 released the documentary Europe to the Stars --
Bhakta Jayadeva is a 1961 Telugu film based on the life of 12th Century Sanskrit Poet Jayadeva from Orissa .
La Casta Susana is a 1944 Argentine film released on October 11 , 1944 .
Shanghai Kiss is a 2007 direct - to - DVD film .
La Perra ( the bitc - h in ( Spanish ) ) is a 1967 Argentine film .
`` Love Never Felt So Good '' is a song performed by American singer Michael Jackson , released posthumously on May 2 , 2014 .
Feng Shui 2 ( stylized , Feng Shui 二 ) is a 2014 Philippine supernatural horror film .
The Big Store ( 1941 ) is a Marx Brothers comedy film in which Groucho , Chico and Harpo cause havoc in a Department Store .
The Banana Splits in Hocus Pocus Park is a 1972 live - action / animated film made by Hanna - Barbera featuring the characters from The Banana Splits children 's television series .
Jhamela ( Problem ) is a 1953 Hindi comedy thriller film produced and directed by Bhagwan , for his Bhagwan Art Productions .
Gravity Is My Enemy is a 1977 American short documentary film about quadriplegic visual artist Mark Hicks , directed by John C. Joseph .
The Black Stallion Returns is a 1983 film adaptation of the book of the same name by Walter Farley , and is a sequel to The Black Stallion .
The Harvey Girls is a 1946 MGM musical film based on the 1942 novel of the same name by Samuel Hopkins Adams , about Fred Harvey 's famous Harvey House waitresses .
Manidhanum Mirugamum ( Tamil : மனிதனும் மிருகமும் ) is a 1953 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Vembu and S. D. Sundaram .
The Naughty Nineties is a 1945 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello .
Hanging Together is a 1985 Australian film about a television reporter who uses an impending marriage as a means to pursue his obsession .
Evan Almighty is a 2007 American comedy film and the stand - alone sequel / spin - off to Bruce Almighty ( 2003 ) .
Project GoGo Boys is a 2012 film directed by Jake Jaxson and produced by CockyBoys Studios , a gay pornographic film studio as a tribute to reality television shows .
Len and Company is a 2015 American independent comedy drama film , written and directed by Tim Godsall and Katharine Knight .
Dangerous Innocence was a 1925 American silent romantic comedy / drama film written by Lewis Milestone and James O. Spearing based upon the novel Ann 's an Idiot by Pamela Wynne .
Puthenveedu is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K Sukumaran Nair .
The Spare Tyres is a 1967 British short comedy film directed by Michael J. Lane and featuring Terence Alexander , Judy Franklin , Pauline Yates , and Frank Finlay .
Sounds That Ca n't Be Made is Marillion 's 17th studio album , released on 17 September 2012 .
Hot Blood Band ( Chinese : 热血男人帮 ) is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed by Zha Muchun .
The Black Velvet Gown is a 1991 TV film , based on the novel by Catherine Cookson , and starring Janet McTeer , Geraldine Somerville , and Bob Peck .
Die Bräutigamswitwe is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Mártha Eggerth , Georg Alexander and Fritz Kampers .
Roadhouse Nights is a 1930 American Pre - Code gangster film .
Shopaholic Ties the Knot ( 2002 ) is the third in the popular Shopaholic series .
Geumganghan ( 금강한 , The Grief of Geumgan ) is a 1931 Korean film written by Lee Chang - Yong .
Yogi 's Great Escape is a 1987 animated made - for - television film produced by Hanna - Barbera for syndication and the first entry to air as part of the Hanna - Barbera Superstars 10 series .
The Hired Heart is a 1997 made - for - television film starring Penelope Ann Miller , Brett Cullen and Barry Corbin .
Death Tunnel is a 2005 horror movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium .
Revolution OS is a 2001 documentary film that traces the twenty - year history of GNU , Linux , open source , and the free software movement .
Hongkongnalli Agent Amar ( Kannada : ಹಾಂಗ್‌ಕಾಂಗ್‌ನಲ್ಲಿ ಏಜೆಂಟ್ ಅಮರ್ ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada film , directed by Joe Simon and produced by Santhosh Shindhe , G Madangopal , S Chakrapani and Peter J Kamilose .
The Paw Project is a 2013 documentary film that focuses on the declawing of both exotic and domesticated cats in America .
Tail Spin ( aka Tailspin ) is a 1939 aviation film .
Flatworld is a 1997 animated short directed by Daniel Greaves .
Ma Barker 's Killer Brood is a crime film , released in 1960 .
The Chambermaid Lynn ( German : Das Zimmermädchen Lynn ) is a 2014 German comedy - drama film written and directed by Ingo Haeb , adapted from Markus Orths ' novel .
The Mamas and the Papas recorded `` Safe in My Garden '' as an A - side single , and it is on their final LP , The Papas & The Mamas ( 1968 ) .
The Making of Plus One is a 2010 British - Canadian comedy film about the independent filmmaking industry .
Shake , Rattle and Roll 9 is a Filipino comedy horror film released in 2007 and the ninth installment of the Shake , Rattle & Roll film series .
Drums Along the Mohawk is a 1939 historical Technicolor film based upon a 1936 novel of the same name by American author , Walter D. Edmonds .
Kaliyuga Krishnudu is a 1986 Telugu , Action film produced by A.K.V. Prasad on Viswashanthi Enterprises banner , directed by K. Murali Mohana Rao .
The Vanishing Prairie is a 1954 documentary film released by Walt Disney Productions .
Be Beautiful But Shut Up ( French : Sois belle et tais - toi ) is a 1958 French film .
The Assassin of the Tsar ( Russian : Цареубийца , Tsareubiytsa ) is a 1991 Russian film .
Mood of the Day ( 그날의 분위기 Keunalui Bonwigi ) is 2016 South Korean film which stars Moon Chae - won and Yoo Yeon - seok
The Strange Case of Doctor Rx is a 1942 black and white B movie murder mystery horror film by Universal Studios starring Patric Knowles , Lionel Atwill , Anne Gwynne , Ray `` Crash '' Corrigan and Samuel S. Hinds .
All the Queen 's Men is a 2001 action comedy war film .
Septic Man is a 2013 horror film that was directed by Jesse Thomas Cook .
Halla Gulla is a 2015 Pakistani romantic comedy film directed by Kamran Akbar Khan and produced by Hanif Mohammad under production banner S.E Films .
Boarding Gate is a 2007 French thriller film about the sophisticated power plays between a debt - ridden underworld entrepreneur , his provocative and ambitious ex - associate and a manipulative young couple who employ her .
Jambhavan is a 2006 Indian Tamil action film directed by Nandakumar and produced by Rajalakshmi Kalaikudam .
Marina of the Zabbaleen is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Engi Wassef that examines the life of Marina , a 7-year - old Egyptian girl living in a Zabbaleen garbage - collecting village in Cairo .
Pray TV ( also known as KGOD ) is a 1980 comedy film spoofing televangelism .
Big Time Christmas is the 2010 made - for - television film / the third film of the series film franchise of the Nickelodeon television series , Big Time Rush .
Those Old Love Letters ( Estonian : Need vanad armastuskirjad ) is a 1992 Estonian drama film directed by Mati Põldre .
Bhookamp ( English : Earthquake ) is a 1993 Indian Bollywood Action film produced by Markand Adhikari on Sri Adhikari Brothers banner and directed by Gautam Adhikari .
Uncommon Friends of the 20th Century is a 1999 documentary film on Florida businessman James D. Newton and the relationships he enjoyed with five key historic figures :
Bandhe Haath ( English : Tied Hands ) is a 1973 Hindi movie produced and written by O. P. Ralhan .
Nigooda Rahasya ( Kannada : ನಿಗೂಢ ರಹಸ್ಯ ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada film , directed by Perala and produced by Jagadish Malnad and Kashinath Chindupurge .
Dorian Blues is a 2004 comedy - drama film about a gay teenager coming to terms with his identity in upstate New York .
Sweet 15 is a 1990 American made - for - television family drama film about a fourteen - year - old girl whose dreams of having a perfect quinceanera are suddenly halted when she realizes that her family is residing in the United States illegally .
Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree is a 1966 film combining live - action and animation .
Sans laisser de traces ( also known as Immaculate , Traceless , Indelible and Indélébile ) is a 2010 French crime - thriller film and Grégoire Vigneron 's directorial debut .
Bowery Blitzkrieg is a 1941 film and the sixth installment of the East Side Kids series .
Word Wars is a 2004 documentary film directed by Eric Chaikin and Julian Petrillo about competitive Scrabble playing .
The Nude Bomb ( also known as The Return of Maxwell Smart or Maxwell Smart and the Nude Bomb ) is a 1980 comedy film based on the television series Get Smart .
Sri Shirdi Saibaba Mahathyam ( Telugu : శ్రీ షిర్డీ సాయిబాబా మహత్యం ) is a 1986 Telugu hagiographical film directed by K. Vasu .
Ulysses ' Gaze ( Greek : Το βλέμμα του Οδυσσέα , translit . To Vlemma tou Odyssea ) is a 1995 Greek film directed by Theo Angelopoulos .
A Dog Named Christmas is a 2009 American television film that debuted on CBS as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie on November 29 , 2009 .
A Road to Mecca - The Journey of Muhammad Asad , also known as A Road to Mecca , is a 2008 documentary by Austrian filmmaker Georg Misch .
Kaliyugam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by KS Sethumadhavan and produced by MO Joseph .
Ten Inch Hero is an independent romantic comedy film completed in 2007 .
My Son Shall Be Armenian ( Original French title : Mon fils sera arménien ) is a 2004 Canadian documentary by Hagop Goudsouzian , who travels to Armenia and Syria with five other members of Montreal 's Armenian community who lost relatives in the Armenian Genocide , to speak with survivors .
Do Dooni Char is a 1968 Bollywood musical , which is a loose remake of the 1963 Bengali film , Bhrantibilas .
Server Somanna is a 1993 Indian Kannada film directed by K. Vasu .
`` Willkommen '' is a song from the 1966 musical Cabaret .
The Two Who Stole the Moon ( Polish : O dwóch takich , co ukradli księżyc ) is a 1962 Polish children 's film based on Kornel Makuszyński 's 1928 story `` The Two Who Stole the Moon '' .
The Devil 's Trail is a 1919 American silent drama film that is set in the woods of the Pacific Northwest .
C.H.U.D. is a 1984 American horror film produced by Andrew Bonime , and directed by Douglas Cheek with Peter Stein as the director of photography and William Bilowit as production designer .
Yugapurushan is a 2010 film about the life and times of Sree Narayana Guru .
The Journals of Knud Rasmussen is a 2006 Canadian - Danish film about the pressures on traditional Inuit shamanistic beliefs as documented by Knud Rasmussen during his travels across the Canadian Arctic in the 1920s .
The Happy Valley is a British television drama , first shown on BBC1 on 6 September 1987 in the Sunday Premiere strand .
We Did It is a 1936 Fleischer Studio animated short film , starring Betty Boop , and featuring Pudgy the Pup .
Portrait of Jennie is a 1948 fantasy film based on the novella by Robert Nathan .
Riddles of the Sphinx is a 1977 film written and directed by Laura Mulvey and Peter Wollen .
The chapters of Anticipations appeared in Great Britain in the Fortnightly Review ( April -- December 1901 ) and in the United States in the North American Review ( June -- November 1901 ) , and were published as a book in November 1901 .
Bugs Bunny 's Looney Christmas Tales is an animated Christmas television special featuring Bugs Bunny and other Looney Tunes characters in three newly created cartoon shorts with seasonal themes which premiered on CBS on November 27 , 1979 .
Bikini Airways is a 2003 American made for cable erotic film written and directed by Fred Olen Ray ( under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina ) .
Team Buddies is a shooter video game released for the PlayStation on 15 September 2000 .
The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle is an American biographical musical comedy , released in 1939 and directed by H.C. Potter .
The Adventures of Food Boy is an independent comedy film that was released in 2008 by Cold Spark Films .
Vindhyarani ( English title : Queen of the Vindhyas ; Telugu : వింధ్యరాణి ) is a 1948 Telugu film directed by C. Pullayya .
Thieves and Liars ( Spanish : Ladrones y mentirosos ) is a 2006 Puerto Rican film directed by Ricardo Méndez Matta .
The Wild Westerners is a 1962 western directed by Oscar Rudolph .
Del rosa al amarillo ( English : From pink to yellow ) is a 1963 Spanish comedy film .
Week - End at the Waldorf , an American comedy drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard premiered in Los Angeles on 17 October 1945 .
Zombeavers is a 2014 American horror comedy film directed by Jordan Rubin , based on a script by Al Kaplan , Jordan Rubin , and Jon Kaplan .
Barenaked in America is a 1999 documentary film about the Canadian band Barenaked Ladies filmed during the 1998 - 1999 Stunt tour .
Se Amar Mon Kereche ( English : He / She Stole My Heart ) is a 2012 Bengali romantic action film directed by Sohanoor Rahman Sohan .
Ilanjippookkal is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Sandhya Mohan .
Villa Horror is a 2006 Cambodian horror film , produced by Campro production .
Maria Marten , or The Murder in the Red Barn is a 1935 British film melodrama film starring Tod Slaughter and Eric Portman .
The String ( French : Le Fil ) is a 2009 French film directed by Mehdi Ben Attia .
Naughty @ 40 ( also known as / earlier titled as Excuse Me Please ) is a 2011 Hindi comedy film directed by Jagmohan Mundhra , while produced by Anuj Sharma under Gangani Multimedia Corporations and also distributed by Srishti Creations .
Go Go 70s ( Hangul : 고고70 ) is a 2008 South Korean drama / musical film set in the 1970s .
To Touch the Soul is a 2007 documentary film , directed by Ryan Goble , and produced by Teresa Hagen .
In the Light of Reverence ( 2001 ) is a documentary produced by Christopher McLeod and Malinda Maynor ( Lumbee ) .
The Legend of Nigger Charley is a 1972 blaxploitation western film directed by Martin Goldman .
Choori Chikkanna ( Kannada : ಚೂರಿ ಚಿಕ್ಕಣ್ಣ ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed by R. Ramamurthy and produced by R Ramamurthy .
Invasion of the Bee Girls ( UK video title : Graveyard Tramps ) is a 1973 science fiction film .
Phase IV is a 1974 British - American science fiction horror film .
Journey to the Seventh Planet is a 1962 science fiction film .
Anne Frank Remembered is a 1995 documentary film by Jon Blair about the life of the diarist Anne Frank .
The Good , the Bad , and Huckleberry Hound is a 1988 animated made - for - television film produced by Hanna - Barbera for syndication as part of the Hanna - Barbera Superstars 10 series .
Baksa Badal is a 1970 Bengali film directed by Nityananda Datta . This film released under the banner D. M. Productions . The film has bean music composed by Satyajit Ray . The film starring Soumitra Chatterjee , Aparna Sen , Prasad Mukhopadhyay Satindra Bhattacharya , Subrato Sen , Sabitri Chatterjee in the lead roles .
Gud Boy ( ) is a 2012 Indian Oriya film directed by Jyotee Dass . This movie is remake of Tamil film Pazhani .
Anna Thangi ( Kannada : ಅಣ್ಣ ತಂಗಿ ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada - language drama film starring Shivarajkumar and Radhika in the lead roles .
The Commissioners of Scotland Yard was the informal name for the Commissioners for the Streets and Wayes , a body of improvement commissioners established in 1662 to manage and regulate various areas relating to streets and traffic in the cities of London and Westminster and the borough of Southwark .
White King , Red Queen ( Russian : Белый король , красная королева ; Belyy korol , krasnaya koroleva ; 1992 ) is a Russian film .
Before Women Had Wings is a 1997 television film , based on the story by Connie May Fowler about a mother whose abusive husband commits suicide .
Juicio de faldas is a 1969 Spanish motion picture .
En spjutkastares visor , ( English : Songs of the javelin thrower ) is a music album recorded by the Swedish - Dutch folk singer - songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1980 .
I Still Dream of Jeannie is a 1991 American made - for - television film produced by Columbia Pictures Television which premiered on NBC on October 20 , 1991 .
The Moonraker is a British swashbuckler film released in 1958 and set in the English Civil War .
Dann eben mit Gewalt ( also known as Violence : The Last Resort ) is a 1993 German television film .
Story of the Sword and the Sabre is a four - part Hong Kong film released in 1963 and 1965 .
Thunaivan ( English : Companion ) is a 1969 Indian Tamil drama film directed by M. A. Thirumugam .
Manasatranjante Diary is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film directed by VP Mohammed .
Festival 2005 is a live DVD by The Cure released in late 2006 .
Turbo the Tortoise is a platform video game published in 1992 by Hi - Tec Software , developed by Visual Impact for the ZX Spectrum , Amstrad CPC and Commodore 64 .
The Mystery of the Double Cross is a 1917 film and one of the few American silent action film serials to survive in complete form .
Nattuchakkeruttu is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Ravi Gupthan and produced by Krishnaswami Reddiar .
Amsterdam Heavy is a 2011 English action crime movie written and directed by Michael Wright , shot in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The 1912 film Geronimo 's Last Raid is considered an important film of the pre - World War I era .
Second Time Lucky is a 1984 comedy about God and the Devil making a bet ; which sees a couple plunged back into the Garden of Eden , Ancient Rome , World War I and the 1920s .
Shrimathi is a 2011 Indian Kannada romance drama film directed by Ravi Kumar , and remake of 2004 Bollywood film Aitraaz , which in turn , is loosely based on the film Disclosure .
The Prophecies of Nostradamus is a 1979 TV movie based on the writings of Nostradamus .
Rock You Sinners is a 1957 British musical film .
Naduvazhikal is a Malayalam action - thriller film released in 1989 directed by Joshi .
Ripkin is a 1978 Australian TV movie about an industrial scientist and his wife who suspect each other of infidelity .
National Mechanics ( Spanish : Mecánica nacional ) is a 1972 Mexican film .
The Man in Gray ( Italian : L'uomo in grigio ) is a 1961 Italian short documentary film produced by Benedetto Benedetti .
Faraar ( ' Absconding ' ) is a 1975 Bollywood crime film drama .
For Angela is a 1993 short docudrama co - directed by Daniel Prouty and Nancy Trites Botkin , dramatizing the experiences of Rhonda Gordon and her daughter , Angela , who were the victims of racist harassment on a Winnipeg city bus .
`` Mr. Pitiful '' is a song written by Otis Redding and Steve Cropper and included on the 1965 album The Great Otis Redding Sings Soul Ballads .
A Snow White Christmas is a Christmas animated short film produced by Filmation and telecast December 19 , 1980 on CBS .
Roger Corman 's Operation Rogue ( aka Operation Rogue ) is a 2014 direct - to - video war film and , although not the sequel to Corman 's The Hunt for Eagle One , and The Hunt for Eagle One :
Never Been Thawed ( sometimes referred to as NBT : Never Been Thawed ) is an independent film released in 2005 .
Wallis & Edward ( in Canada also known as Her Royal Affair ) is a 2005 British made - for - TV movie , scripted by Sarah Williams , dramatising the events of the Edward VIII abdication crisis .
ESPN Speed World is a Super NES and Sega Genesis video game that was released in 1994 exclusively for North America based on the television series of the same name .
Steel Dawn is a 1987 American post - apocalyptic feature film that mixes the genres of science fiction , western and samurai cinema .
Los que no deben nacer ( `` Those who should n't be born '' ) is a 1953 Mexican film .
Wubbzy 's Big Movie ! is a made - for - TV movie which premiered on Starz Kids & Family on Friday , August 29 , 2008 distributed by Starz Animation and Bolder Media in association with Film Roman .
Sandakozhi ( English : Battle rooster ) is a 2005 Indian Tamil action film written and directed by N. Linguswamy and produced by Vikram Krishna under the banner of GK Film Corporation .
The Capture of the Green River Killer is a 2008 2-part television film that first aired on Lifetime Movie Network and tells the story of the Green River killer serial murders between 1982 and 1998 .
Robin des bois , la véritable histoire ( English : Robin Hood , the true story ) is a 2015 French comedy film .
13th Child ( or The 13th Child : Legend of the Jersey Devil ) is a 2002 direct - to - video horror film , based on the Jersey Devil .
The War Bride is a Canadian / British drama film , released in 2001 .
Zameen Kay Khuda is a 2004 Pakistani bilingual film made in Urdu and Punjabi .
The Google Book is an illustrated book of children 's verse by Vincent Cartwright Vickers , published by the Medici Society in London in 1913 .
Baby for Sale is a 2004 television film that was premiered on the Lifetime Network on 12 July 2004 .
The Horse Soldiers is a 1959 drama film set in Mississippi during the American Civil War .
Khumba is a 2013 3D South African computer - animated adventure comedy film directed and produced by Anthony Silverston , written by Silverston and Raffaella Delle Donne .
Minugu ( Kannada : ಮಿನುಗು ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language romantic - drama film directed by the ad - film maker Anthony Jayavanth debuting in feature films .
DoUlike2watch.com is a 2003 Canadian film .
Late Fragment had its world premiere at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival and screened next at Montreal 's Festival du Nouveau Cinéma .
Los tres berretines ( The Three Whims ) is a 1933 Argentine black and white comedy film , the first film made by the newly formed Lumiton film studio , and one of the first sound films made in Argentina .
Demon Front ( Chinese : 魔域戰線 ; pinyin : Móyù Zhànxiàn ) is a side - scrolling run and gun arcade game released in 2002 by IGS .
Tabasco Road is a 1957 Speedy Gonzales cartoon , part of the Looney Tunes series .
Intimate Reflections is a 1975 British independent drama film directed by Don Boyd and starring Anton Rodgers , Lillias Walker , Sally Anne Newton and Jonathan David .
Black Water Gold is a 1970 American adventure drama made - for - TV film , starring Keir Dullea , Bradford Dillman , France Nuyen , Aron Kincaid and Ricardo Montalban .
Silent Rage is a 1982 science fiction horror film directed by Michael Miller .
Nature Law or Break ( Chinese : 拆散专家 ) is a 2014 Chinese - Singaporean romantic comedy film directed by Li Jian and Qiu Zhongwei .
Tramp , Tramp , Tramp ( 1926 ) is an American comedy silent film directed by Harry Edwards .
The Civilization of Maxwell Bright is a 2005 romance film starring Patrick Warburton , Marie Matiko , Eric Roberts , Leland Crooke and Jennifer Tilly that has seen success on the arthouse movie circuit .
A Little Monk ( Hangul : 동승 ; RR : Dong - seung ) is a 2003 South Korean film helmed by first - time director Joo Kyung - jung .
A Harp in Hock is a lost 1927 silent film melodrama produced by DeMille Pictures and distributed by Pathé Exchange .
Big Momma 's House 2 is a 2006 American crime comedy film and the sequel to Big Momma 's House .
Sweet Jesus , Preacherman is a 1973 American action film directed by Henning Schellerup and written by John Cerullo , M. Stuart Madden and Abbey Leitch .
Damaal Dumeel is a 2014 Tamil black comedy - thriller film directed by Shree and produced by C J Jayakumar .
Rosy Dreams ( Ružové sny ) is a 1977 Czechoslovak film .
Lee Seong - gye King Taejo ( Hangul : 태조 이성계 ; RR : Taejo Lee Seonggye ) is 1965 South Korean film is based on King Taejo .
Operation Delta Force is a TV movie released in 1997 .
Take Off Your Clothes and Live ! is a 1963 British naturist film .
The Yellow Division ( Swedish : Gula divisionen ) is a Swedish 1954 film set at the Swedish Air Force wing F 8 Barkarby , just north of Stockholm and revolves around a fighter squadron of J 29 aircraft .
Cannibal Rollerbabes is a 1997 low - budget Canada horror film about cannibalism , directed by Kalman Szegvary and set in Los Angeles although it was filmed in Ontario .
25 Degrees in Winter is a 2004 international comedy - drama film directed by Stéphane Vuillet .
Nos vemos papa is a 2011 Mexican drama film directed by Luca Carreras . The film is Lucía 's first directorial venture . It was an official entry for the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala
Chouïa cinema is a French 2003 documentary film .
The Marcus - Nelson Murders is a 1973 television film written by Abby Mann from a book by Selwyn Raab , directed by Joseph Sargent , and starring Telly Savalas , Marjoe Gortner , José Ferrer and Ned Beatty .
Not a Pretty Picture is an American docudrama film released in 1976 .
Temporary Family ( 失戀急讓 ) is a 2014 Hong Kong comedy film .
Vallavan ( Tamil : வல்லவன் ) ( English : Expert ) is a 2006 Tamil romantic thriller film written and directed by Silambarasan , starring himself in the title role along with Nayantara , Reema Sen and Sandhya whilst Santhanam , Premji Amaren , Sathyan and S. Ve .
All American Orgy is a 2009 dark comedy written by Ted Beck and directed by Andrew Drazek .
Frank DiLeo , the vice president of Epic Records , convinced Jackson to release `` Beat It '' whilst `` Billie Jean '' was heading towards No . 1 .
All Directions is a 1972 album by The Temptations for the Gordy ( Motown ) label , produced by Norman Whitfield .
One Wrench is Avail 's fifth studio album , and their first full - length album released on Fat Wreck Chords , from 2000 .
Kesto ( 234.48:4 ) , released jointly by Blast First and Mute Records , is the fifth album released by Pan sonic .
`` I Want a Love I Can See '' is a 1963 single by The Temptations for the Gordy ( Motown ) label .
I 'll Try Something New is the third Tamla ( Motown ) album by The Miracles .
For the Pages of Life album , Curb Records released a press release .
Miles Ahead is an album by Miles Davis that was released in 1957 by Columbia Records .
I Came to Hear the Music is the 1974 album by singer - songwriter Mickey Newbury , his fourth release on Elektra Records .
Roulette russe ( Russian roulette ) is the second album by French rocker Alain Bashung , issued in 1979 on Philips Records .
The Blue Note 7 are a jazz septet formed in 2008 in honor of the 70th anniversary of Blue Note Records .
Increase the Pressure is the second album by the British punk rock band Conflict .
However , he was a close friend of Arista Records ' president Clive Davis , and it was over a dinner with him that the subject of the song `` All the Man That I Need '' again came up .
A Love Supreme is a studio album recorded by John Coltrane 's quartet in December 1964 and released by Impulse ! Records in February 1965 .
The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees is an album by Roots music band Lost Dogs , released on Fools of the World records in 2006 .
CrazySexyCool is the second studio album by American girl group TLC , first released by LaFace Records on November 15 , 1994 .
Nothing Ever Hurt Me ( Half as Bad as Losing You ) is an album by country music artist George Jones released in 1973 , ( see 1973 in country music ) on the Epic Records label .
One Dozen Roses is a 1971 album by Smokey Robinson & The Miracles , issued on Motown Records ' Tamla label .
`` No Matter What Sign You Are '' is a song released for Diana Ross & the Supremes by the Motown label .
Neon Bible is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band Arcade Fire , released in March 2007 on Merge Records .
Stage Invader is the first studio album by the British dance music group Linus Loves , released on September 19 , 2006 .
ARC and Vocalion Records issued the first take of `` Cross Road Blues '' in May 1937 on the then standard 78 rpm record .
The Wants is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Phantom Band , released October 18 , 2010 , through Chemikal Underground Records .
Ai n't My Lookout is the fourth full - length album by Memphis indie rock band The Grifters , and their first for Sub Pop Records .
The Velvet Underground Live ( featuring Reed , Yule , Morrison & Tucker ) was recorded in October 1969 but not released until 1974 , on Mercury Records , at the urging of rock critic Paul Nelson , who worked in A&R for Mercury at the time .
Diaper Island is the fourth studio album by Canadian musician Chad VanGaalen , released on May 17 , 2011 on Flemish Eye in Canada and Sub Pop in the United States .
I , Jonathan is an album by Jonathan Richman , released by the Rounder Records label in 1992 .
Blue Virgin Isles was the fifth album and the international debut from Swedish singer / songwriter Ted Gärdestad , released in late 1978 on the Epic Records label in the UK and Polar Music in Scandinavia .
Derelicts of Dialect is Queens - based emcees 3rd Bass ' second LP ( following its debut LP and an EP ) and final studio album , released on Def Jam Recordings .
`` Touch Me in the Morning '' is a popular song recorded by Diana Ross on the Motown label .
Mucho , Mucho is a Latin - oriented jazz album by organist Shirley Scott recorded and released in 1960 on Prestige Records as PRLP 7182 .
Grinderman 2 is the second and final studio album by alternative rock band Grinderman , a side project of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds , released on 13 September 2010 on Mute Records in the United Kingdom and ANTI- in the United States .
Following the success of the singles `` I Can Be '' and `` She 's Like a Star '' , Island Records made the decision to re - issue `` I Just Wanna Know '' in an attempt to gain a higher charting position for the single .
Outskirts of Town is the tenth studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown , released in 1993 on Curb Records .
Roger McGuinn & Band has been reissued on CD a number of times ; first by Columbia Records in the early 1990s , with bonus tracks in 2004 by Sundazed Records and coupled with McGuinn 's fourth album , Cardiff Rose , by BGO Records in 2007 .
La maison de mon rêve ( English : The house of my dream ) is the first album by CocoRosie , released on March 9 , 2004 by Touch and Go Records .
`` 867 - 5309/Jenny '' is a 1981 song written by Alex Call and Jim Keller and performed by Tommy Tutone that was released on the album Tommy Tutone 2 , on the Columbia Records label .
Thirty Years of Maximum R&B is a box set by British rock band , The Who released by Polydor Records internationally and by MCA Records in the U.S. ; since 2003 , it has been issued in America by Geffen Records .
Day by Night was a Doris Day album released on November 11 , 1957 by Columbia Records , It was released in two versions , catalog number CL-1053 ( Mono ) and CS-8089 ( Stereo ) , though the stereo version was only released in 1959 .
After Interscope Records rejected the Toadies 's first attempt at a second album ( otherwise known as the Feeler sessions ) , Hell Below / Stars Above was a second attempt at a follow - up to their critically acclaimed debut Rubberneck .
From South Africa to South Carolina is an album by Jazz vocalist and spoken - word poet Gil Scott - Heron and Brian Jackson , released in 1976 on Arista Records .
Where Lovers Mourn is the debut full - length album released by the band Draconian through Napalm Records on the 20 October 2003 .
The Face of Love was released on April 4 , 2006 through Sparrow Records and Capitol Music Group .
`` Shoo - Be - Doo - Be - Doo - Da - Day '' is a hit 1968 single released by American and Motown recording artist Stevie Wonder .
The Infernal Depths of Hatred is Anata 's first full length album , released on Season of Mist Records .
Raindrops Keep Fallin ' on My Head is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1970 by Columbia Records .
Metal Box is the second album by Public Image Ltd , released by Virgin Records on 23 November 1979 .
Zoon , Nefilim 's only studio album , was released in April 1996 by Beggars Banquet Records ( Calatogue number BEGA172 ) .
Going Nowhere Fast is the eighth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders , released in 1981 through Rounder Records .
Individual Emotion is Aya Kamiki 's fourth album and her first under her new label Avex Trax , released simultaneously alongside her first greatest hits album Aya Kamiki Greatest Best .
' Nights Out ' is the second album by British electronic act Metronomy , released on the 8th of September , 2008 through Because Music .
Future This is the second studio album by English electronic rock duo The Big Pink , released on 11 January 2012 by 4AD .
CD5 French release ( London Records 886 791 - 2 ) `` Megarama ' 89 '' ( Edit ) - ( 3:52 ) Featuring `` Cruel Summer '' / `` Na Na Hey Hey '' / `` Love in the First Degree '' / `` Venus ''
Get Off the Cross , We Need the Wood for the Fire is the debut studio album by Firewater , released on October 22 , 1996 by Jetset Records .
Automatic for the People is the eighth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. , released in 1992 on Warner Bros. Records .
Beileid is the seventh album by the jazz / ambient band Bohren & der Club of Gore , released on June 28 , 2011 , by Ipecac Recordings .
Though the original title is Did Tomorrow Come ... , the title of the releases outside of Poland were changed to Will Tomorrow Come ? by Music for Nations , which completely changed its meaning .
Identify Yourself is a 1979 album by American R&B group The O'Jays , released on the Philadelphia International Records label .
Ryde or Die Vol . 1 is a compilation album from American hip - hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment , released on April 27 , 1999 .
`` Ribbon in the Sky '' is a hit 1982 R&B single released by Tamla / Motown star , American singer Stevie Wonder .
Distant Relatives is a collaborative studio album by American rapper Nas and Jamaican reggae artist Damian Marley , released May 18 , 2010 , on Universal Republic and Def Jam Recordings .
London Warsaw New York is the second solo studio album by Polish jazz and pop singer -- songwriter Basia , released in the United States on October 23 , 1989 by Epic Records .
Celebrate This Heartbeat is an album by Randy Stonehill , released in 1984 , on Myrrh Records .
Stainless Style is the debut album from Neon Neon -- a project from Super Furry Animals front man Gruff Rhys and electronic artist Boom Bip -- which was released in March 2008 via Lex Records .
A Drug Problem That Never Existed is an album released by Mondo Generator on the Rekords Rekords label in 2003 .
Broken Blossom is the fourth studio album by American singer Bette Midler , her second album release in 1977 and her fifth on the Atlantic Records label .
Who Are You is the eighth studio album by English rock band The Who , released through Polydor Records in the United Kingdom and MCA Records in the United States .
The album was released on September 1 , 2009 through Deathwish Inc. Black Eye Blues was met with generally positive reviews .
Rain Dogs is the eighth album by American singer - songwriter Tom Waits , released in September 1985 on Island Records .
The Glass Passenger is the second studio album by American rock band Jack 's Mannequin , released through Sire Records on September 30 , 2008 in the United States .
`` We Will Become Silhouettes '' is a single by The Postal Service , released February 8 , 2005 under the Sub Pop Records label .
Daahoud is an album by Max Roach and Clifford Brown released on Mainstream Records in 1973 consisting of alternate takes of tracks recorded in 1954 for the albums Brown and Roach Incorporated and Clifford Brown & Max Roach .
The Bones of What You Believe is the debut studio album by Scottish synthpop band Chvrches , released on 20 September 2013 by Virgin Records and Goodbye Records .
Revolution ! is the seventh studio album by American pop rock group Paul Revere & the Raiders , on Columbia Records ( CS 9521 ) .
`` Your Old Standby '' is a song written by Motown songwriters Smokey Robinson and Janie Bradford and released as a single by Motown star Mary Wells in 1963 .
My Republic is the seventh studio album by the Santa Cruz , California - based hardcore punk band Good Riddance , released June 27 , 2006 through Fat Wreck Chords .
Some Girls is the 14th British and 16th American studio album by the Rolling Stones , released in 1978 on Rolling Stones Records .
Coming Days , released in 1995 on Chiswick Records , was the third album released by Irish artist Ron Kavana , the second credited to `` Alias Ron Kavana '' .
¡ Tré ! was released on December 7 , 2012 in Australia , December 10 in the UK and December 11 in the US , through Reprise Records , and was produced by their long - time producer Rob Cavallo .
Free All Angels is the third studio album by Ash , which was initially released on 16 April 2001 , through Infectious Records .
Companion Gal would be Watson 's only album on RCA Records , who did n't promote it .
`` Do n't Mess with Bill '' is a million - selling Gold - certified 1966 single recorded by The Marvelettes for Motown Records ' Tamla label .
`` Cathy 's Clown '' was The Everly Brothers ' first single for Warner Bros. , after spending three years on Archie Bleyer 's Cadence label .
Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O is an album by the artists of the same name , released in 1997 by P.S.F. Records .
Bedroom Boogie is a 2001 album released by the Red Elvises .
Songs We Did n't Write is Ghoti Hook 's third CD on Tooth & Nail Records .
Quintessentially Unreal is the debut album by American Neo - Cabaret artist Jill Tracy , released in 1996 .
The Divine Punishment is the third album album by avant - garde musician Diamanda Galás , released on June 30 , 1986 by Mute Records .
Shanked ! is the third studio album by San Pedro - based punk band Toys That Kill , released in 2006 on Recess Records .
Plague Soundscapes is The Locust 's second album , and their first with ANTI- Records .
Anywhere I Lay My Head is the debut studio album by American actress Scarlett Johansson , released on May 16 , 2008 by Atco Records .
Lovely Creatures is the eleventh solo album by Bob Schneider , released on September 29 , 2009 through Kirtland Records .
`` Gimmie Dat '' was Ciara 's final single released under LaFace Records , which she had her contract released from due to Basic Instinct 's underperforming sales .
For They Said It Could n't Be Done , Flash signed with Elektra Records and retained the services of Rahiem and The Kidd Creole .
' So Hot Now / Separate ' is a split single from British indie rock band The Cribs and American alternative rock band The Thermals , released on Kill Rock Stars on 17 April 2010 .
Hitler Bad , Vandals Good is the seventh studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals , released in 1998 by Nitro Records .
Finally Woken is the debut studio album by Welsh singer - songwriter Jem , released initially in the United States on 23 March 2004 , with ATO Records .
Welcome to the Cruel World is Ben Harper 's debut album from Virgin Records .
Underneath the Pine is the second album from the artist Toro y Moi , released on February 22 , 2011 on Carpark Records .
Zero Zero Zero is the title of the second compilation album by Sam Phillips , released in 1998 on Virgin Records .
Wasted Days is an album by the ska / reggae band The Slackers , released on February 21 , 2001 on Hellcat Records .
There Is No Enemy is the seventh full - length studio album by indie rock band Built to Spill ( their fifth on Warner Bros. Records ) .
Trouble Will Find Me is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band The National , released on May 17 , 2013 on 4AD .
`` I Ca n't Hear the Music '' is a song by American R&B group Brutha , released September 30 , 2008 by The Island Def Jam Music Group , as the lead single from their self - titled debut album , Brutha ( 2008 ) .
Get ' Em Girls is the second studio album by Australian recording artist Jessica Mauboy , released on 5 November 2010 by Sony Music Australia .
`` Someone to Love Me ( Naked ) '' is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige , taken from her tenth studio album My Life II ...
On the Winning Side , released in 1987 on Light Records , is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned .
Liberty Belle and the Black Diamond Express , the fourth album by The Go - Betweens , was released in March 1986 in the UK on Beggars Banquet Records , the record label that would release the remainder of the original group 's LPs through their break - up in 1989 .
As Good as Dead is the second studio album by American rock band Local H. It was released on April 16 , 1996 by Island Records .
Deja Entendu was released through Triple Crown and Razor & Tie on June 17 , 2003 .
Faryl is the debut album by British mezzo - soprano Faryl Smith , released on 9 March 2009 by Universal Classics and Jazz .
A Snowflake Fell ( and It Felt Like a Kiss ) is a Christmas - themed EP by the Scottish indie rock band Glasvegas , released on 1 December 2008 via Columbia Records .
Livin ' Legend is the seventh studio album and the first album by American rapper B.G. since departing from Cash Money Records and is also his first release under his own imprint Chopper City Records .
H. P. Lovecraft II is the second album by the American psychedelic rock band H. P. Lovecraft and was released in September 1968 on Philips Records .
Soul Limbo is the seventh album by Booker T. & the M.G. 's , released in 1968 on Stax Records .
It has been certified platinum in the U.S. Two Against Nature marked Steely Dan 's long - awaited debut for Warner Bros. Records - through a sub - label , Giant Records .
Going to the Mat is one of the most critically acclaimed Disney movies , garnering a Directors Guild Award for Stuart Gillard and a Humanitas Award Writing nomination for Chris and Laurie Nolan .
Halbblut ( English : Half - blood ) is a 1919 silent film directed by Fritz Lang .
A Midsummer Night 's Sex Comedy is a 1982 sex comedy film written , directed by and starring Woody Allen .
L'Étoile de mer ( English : The Sea Star ) is a 1928 film directed by Man Ray .
Alpine Fire ( German : Höhenfeuer ) is a 1985 Swiss drama film directed by Fredi M. Murer .
Cause for Alarm ! is a 1951 film noir suspense film directed by Tay Garnett , written by Mel Dinelli and Tom Lewis , based on a story by Larry Marcus .
Shoot the Moon is a 1982 drama film directed by Alan Parker , written by Bo Goldman and starring Albert Finney and Diane Keaton , in their Golden Globe - nominated performances .
Return of the Blind Dead , also known as Return of the Evil Dead and El Ataque de los Muertos Sin Ojos ( in original Spanish : `` Attack of the Blind Dead '' ) , is a 1973 Spanish horror film written and directed by Amando de Ossorio .
The Prince of the Impossible ( Italian : Il principe dell'impossibile ) is a 1918 Italian film directed by Augusto Genina .
The American President is a 1995 American romantic comedy - drama film directed by Rob Reiner and written by Aaron Sorkin .
Door on the Left as You Leave the Elevator ( French : À gauche en sortant de l'ascenseur ) is a 1988 French comedy written by Gérard Lauzier ( based on his play ) , directed by Édouard Molinaro , and starring Pierre Richard , Emmanuelle Béart , and Richard Bohringer .
The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 British - American superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan , who co - wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan , and the story with David S. Goyer .
Germany , Year Zero ( Italian : Germania anno zero ) is a 1948 film directed by Roberto Rossellini , and is the final film in Rossellini 's unofficial war film trilogy , following Rome , Open City and Paisà .
Generation 1000 Euros ( Italian : Generazione 1000 euro , also known as The 1000 Euros Generation and Generazione mille euro ) is a 2009 Italian comedy film written and directed by Massimo Venier .
The screenplay by Alvin Sargent was based upon the 1976 novel Ordinary People by Judith Guest .
The Merry Wives ( Czech : Cech panen kutnohorských ) is a 1938 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Otakar Vávra .
The Wild Child ( French : L'Enfant sauvage , released in the United Kingdom as The Wild Boy ) is a 1970 French film by director François Truffaut .
The Bellboy and the Playgirls is an American 1962 film by Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Hill that was a re - edited version of a German film of 1958 originally titled Mit Eva fing die Sünde an , directed by Fritz Umgelter with Coppola and Hill shooting sex scenes inserted into the film for a US release ,
Director Thangar Bachan who gave the most memorable films like Azhagi , Solla Marandha Kadhai , Pallikoodam and Onbadhu Roobai Nottu , is coming with a new directorial and production venture Ammavin Kaipesi .
The Devil 's Pass Key ( or The Devil 's Passkey ) was a 1920 silent drama film directed by Erich von Stroheim .
Thunderheart is a 1992 contemporary western mystery film directed by Michael Apted from an original screenplay by John Fusco .
Don Cesare di Bazan is a 1942 Italian historical adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Gino Cervi , Anneliese Uhlig and Paolo Stoppa .
Riña en un café is a 1897 Spanish short silent film directed by Fructuós Gelabert .
I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra is a 1962 Italian film , directed by Vittorio Sala .
Fellini 's Casanova ( Il Casanova di Federico Fellini ) is a 1976 Italian film by director Federico Fellini , adapted from the autobiography of Giacomo Casanova , the 18th century adventurer and writer .
Il futuro è donna ( internationally released as The Future Is Woman ) is a 1984 Italian drama film directed and written by Marco Ferreri .
Daughter of the Peaks ( Swedish : Högfjällets dotter ) is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström .
Cowards Bend the Knee ( also known as The Blue Hands ) is a 2003 film by Guy Maddin .
Ride Tonight ! ( Swedish : Rid i natt ) is a 1942 Swedish historical drama film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Oscar Ljung , Gerd Hagman and Eva Dahlbeck .
Onaayum Aattukkuttiyum ( English : The Wolf and The Lamb ) is a 2013 Tamil crime drama film written , directed and produced by Mysskin .
Absolute Giganten is a 1999 German language film written and directed by Sebastian Schipper , produced by Stefan Arndt and Tom Tykwer .
Diamonds Are a Man 's Best Friend ( Italian : Ray Master l'inafferrabile ) is a 1966 Italian thriller - heist film written and directed by Vittorio Sala and starring Félix Marten , Liana Orfei and Gastone Moschin .
Run with the Devil ( Italian : Via Margutta ) is a 1960 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Mario Camerini .
One Magic Christmas is a 1985 American / Canadian Christmas fantasy film directed by Phillip Borsos .
Speaking Parts is a 1989 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan .
Chronicle of the Years of Fire ( Arabic : وقائع سنين الجمر‎ , translit . Chronique des Années de Braise ) is a 1975 Algerian drama historical film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar - Hamina .
Wolf Creek 2 is a 2013 Australian horror film co - written and directed by Greg McLean .
Desperate Living is a 1977 American comedy film directed , produced , and written by John Waters .
La sfida ( `` the challenge '' ) is a 1958 Italian film by Francesco Rosi .
Mujhse Dosti Karoge ! ( Hindi : मुझसे दोस्ती करोगे , translation : `` Will you be my friend ? '' ) is a 2002 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Kunal Kohli and produced by Aditya Chopra and Yash Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films .
On Ze Boulevard is a 1927 American comedy silent film directed by Harry F. Millarde and written by Earl Baldwin , William Scott Darling , Joseph Farnham and Richard Schayer .
Dasavathaaram ( English : The Ten Avatars ) is a 2008 Indian Tamil science fiction disaster film , directed by K. S. Ravikumar .
The Heart of a Nation ( French : Untel père et fils ) is a 1943 French drama film directed by Julien Duvivier who co - wrote screenplay with Marcel Achard and Charles Spaak .
Man Facing Southeast ( Spanish : Hombre mirando al sudeste ) is a 1986 Argentine drama - science fiction film written and directed by Eliseo Subiela and starring Lorenzo Quinteros and Hugo Soto .
The Adventures of Fra Diavolo ( Italian : Fra ' Diavolo ) is a 1942 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Enzo Fiermonte .
Le Casse ( US title : The Burglars ) is a 1971 movie directed by French director Henri Verneuil , starring Jean - Paul Belmondo , Omar Sharif , Dyan Cannon and Robert Hossein .
Knife in the Water was shot by Roman Polanski in 1962 using only three actors .
Spiaggia libera is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marino Girolami .
Mauvaise Graine ( Bad Seed ) is a 1934 French drama film directed by Billy Wilder ( credited as Billie Wilder ) and Alexander Esway .
An Average Little Man ( Italian : Un borghese piccolo piccolo , literally meaning a petty petty bourgeois , also known in English as A Very Little Man ) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Mario Monicelli .
Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy - drama film directed and co - written by Nora Ephron .
The Red Queen Kills Seven Times ( Italian : La dama rossa uccide sette volte ) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Emilio Miraglia .
A Genius , Two Partners and a Dupe ( Italian : Un genio , due compari , un pollo , also known as Nobody 's the Greatest ) is a 1975 spaghetti western comedy film directed by Damiano Damiani and , in the opening scene , Sergio Leone .
Around a Small Mountain ( French : 36 vues du pic Saint - Loup ) is a 2009 French - language drama film directed by Jacques Rivette , which was his final film before his death on 29 January 2016 , and starred Jane Birkin and Sergio Castellitto .
The Tyrant 's Heart ( Hungarian : A zsarnok szíve , avagy Boccaccio Magyarországon ) is a 1981 Hungarian drama film written by Gyula Hernádi and directed by Miklós Jancsó .
Madame Mystery is a 1926 American film starring Theda Bara , Oliver Hardy , and James Finlayson , directed and co - written by Stan Laurel , and produced by Hal Roach .
Takers ( formerly known as Bone Deep ) is a 2010 American action crime thriller film directed by John Luessenhop from a story and screenplay written by Luessenhop , Gabriel Casseus , Peter Allen , John Rogers , and Avery Duff .
The Criminal Code was adapted for the screen by Seton I. Miller and Fred Niblo , Jr. , son of director Fred Niblo .
Colossus and the Amazon Queen ( Italian : La regina delle Amazzoni ) is a 1960 Italian sword and sandal satirical comedy film directed by Vittorio Sala .
Far from Heaven is a 2002 American drama film written and directed by Todd Haynes and starring Julianne Moore , Dennis Quaid , Dennis Haysbert , and Patricia Clarkson .
Island of the Fishmen ( L'isola degli uomini pesce ) is a 1979 Italian adventure action horror film directed by Sergio Martino .
Bandits in Milan ( Italian : Banditi a Milano ; also known as The Violent Four ) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Carlo Lizzani .
Salome 's Last Dance is a 1988 film by British film director , Ken Russell .
Le Week - End is a 2013 British - French drama film directed by Roger Michell and written by Hanif Kureishi .
Taaqatwar is a 1989 Bollywood action film directed by David Dhawan and starring Sanjay Dutt , Govinda , Neelam Kothari and Anita Raj .
Those Wonderful Movie Cranks ( Czech : Báječní muži s klikou ) is a 1978 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel .
Little Otik ( Czech : Otesánek ) , also known as Greedy Guts , is a 2000 Czech film by Jan Švankmajer and Eva Švankmajerová .
Based on the short story `` Alibi Ike '' by Ring Lardner , the film is about an ace baseball player nicknamed `` Alibi Ike '' due to his penchant for making up excuses .
Go for It , Baby ( German : Zur Sache , Schätzchen ) is a 1968 West German comedy film directed by May Spils and starring Werner Enke , Uschi Glas and Henry van Lyck .
The Missionary is a 1982 British comedy film directed by Richard Loncraine , and starring Michael Palin and Maggie Smith .
Infanzia , vocazione e prime esperienze di Giacomo Casanova , veneziano ( literally Childhood , Vocation , and First Experience of Giacomo Casanova , Venetian , internationally released as Giacomo Casanova : Childhood and Adolescence and Casanova : His Youthful Years ) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Comencini .
The screenplay by Susannah Grant is based on the book , The Soloist by Steve Lopez .
Cat Chaser is a 1989 film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Peter Weller and Kelly McGillis , based on the novel of the same name by Elmore Leonard .
The City Stands Trial ( Italian : Processo alla città ) is a 1952 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Amedeo Nazzari , is based on a revisiting of the Cuocolo murders and the struggle for control of Naples by the Camorra in the early 1900s .
From NFB to Box - Office ( French : De l'office au box - office ) is a 2009 documentary by Quebec film director and producer Denys Desjardins .
Oh , Serafina ! is a 1976 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada .
Léon Morin , Priest ( French : Léon Morin , prêtre ) is a 1961 film directed and scripted by Jean - Pierre Melville , and starring Jean - Paul Belmondo and Emmanuelle Riva .
The White Sound ( German : Das weisse Rauschen ) is the directorial debut of Austrian director Hans Weingartner and co - director and screenplay writer Tobias Amann .
In Case of Adversity ( En cas de malheur or Love Is My Profession in the U.S. ) is a 1958 French film directed by Claude Autant - Lara , screenplay by Jean Aurenche and Pierre Bost , after a novel by Georges Simenon .
The Belly of an Architect is a 1987 film drama written and directed by Peter Greenaway , featuring original music by Glenn Branca and Wim Mertens .
Help Me Dream ( Italian : Aiutami a sognare ) is a 1981 Italian romance film directed by Pupi Avati .
Stevnemøte med glemte år is a 1957 Norwegian drama film directed by Jon Lennart Mjøen .
Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet , written by Frank Pierson , and produced by Martin Bregman and Martin Elfand .
Against All ( Czech : Proti všem ) is a 1956 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Otakar Vávra .
Exploits of a Young Don Juan ( French : Les exploits d'un jeune Don Juan , Italian : L'iniziazione , also known as What Every Frenchwoman Wants ) is a 1986 French - Italian erotic coming of age film written and directed by Gianfranco Mingozzi .
The Tango Lesson ( Spanish : ' La lección de tango ' ) is a 1997 drama film written and directed by Sally Potter .
Pépé le Moko ( pe.pe lə mo.ko ) is a 1937 French film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Jean Gabin .
They Stole a Tram ( Italian : Hanno rubato un tram ) is a 1954 Italian comedy film written , directed and starred by Aldo Fabrizi .
The Blood of a Poet ( French : Le Sang d'un Poète ) ( 1930 ) is an avant - garde film directed by Jean Cocteau and financed by Charles de Noailles .
Easy ! ( Italian : Scialla ! ) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Bruni .
Combat Girls ( original title is Kriegerin , the German term for a female warrior ) is a 2011 German drama film written and directed by David Wnendt .
La Boum ( English title : The Party or Ready for Love ) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Pinoteau and starring Sophie Marceau , appearing in her film début .
Hamlet 2 is a 2008 American comedy film directed by Andrew Fleming , written by Fleming and Pam Brady , and starring Steve Coogan , Catherine Keener , Amy Poehler , and David Arquette .
A Visitor to a Museum ( Russian : Посетитель музея , translit . Posetitel muzeya ) is a 1989 Soviet post - apocalyptic drama film directed by Konstantin Lopushansky .
Cannibal Holocaust is a 1980 Italian cannibal horror film directed by Ruggero Deodato from a screenplay by Gianfranco Clerici .
Belly of the Beast is a 2003 American action film directed by Hong Kong film director Ching Siu Ting in his American directorial debut , and also produced by and starring Steven Seagal .
Mountains on Fire ( German : Berge in Flammen ) is a 1931 German war film directed by Karl Hartl and Luis Trenker and starring Trenker , Lissy Arna and Luigi Serventi .
The New Country ( Swedish : Det nya landet ) is a Swedish mini TV - series and feature film from 2000 , directed by Geir Hansteen Jörgensen and written by Peter Birro and Lukas Moodysson .
An American Werewolf in London is a 1981 British - American comedy horror film written and directed by John Landis , and starring David Naughton , Jenny Agutter , and Griffin Dunne .
Happy We ( Swedish : Två killar och en tjej ) is a Swedish 1983 film directed by Lasse Hallström .
Three Girls Lost is a 1931 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Loretta Young , Lew Cody , and John Wayne .
The Edge of Love is a 2008 John Maybury drama film starring Keira Knightley , Sienna Miller , Cillian Murphy and Matthew Rhys from a script by Sharman Macdonald , Knightley 's mother .
A Sunday in September ( Swedish : En söndag i september ) is a 1963 Swedish drama film directed by Jörn Donner .
Zapata 's Gang ( German : Zapatas Bande ) is a 1914 German silent film directed by Urban Gad and starring Asta Nielsen .
Il fidanzamento ( The Engagement ) is a 1975 Italian romantic comedy - drama film directed by Giovanni Grimaldi .
Red Psalm ( Hungarian : Még kér a nép ) is a 1972 Hungarian film by Miklós Jancsó .
Sleeping with Other People is a 2015 American romantic comedy film directed and written by Leslye Headland .
The Greatest Thing in Life is a 1918 American silent drama film about World War I , directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish , Robert Harron , and David Butler .
Le salamandre is a 1969 Italian erotic - drama film written and directed by Alberto Cavallone .
Buona Sera , Mrs. Campbell is a 1968 Technicolor American comedy film starring Gina Lollobrigida and directed by Melvin Frank , who co - wrote the original screenplay with Denis Norden and Sheldon Keller .
`` Unruhe '' was written by Vince Gilligan , directed by Rob Bowman , and featured a guest appearance from Pruitt Taylor Vince .
How I Lost the War ( Italian : Come persi la guerra ) is a 1947 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Borghesio and starring Erminio Macario .
Convict 13 is a 1920 short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton .
Four Adventures of Reinette and Mirabelle ( French : Quatre aventures de Reinette et Mirabelle ) is a 1987 French film directed by Éric Rohmer , starring Joëlle Miquel , Jessica Forde and Philippe Laudenbach .
My Life Without Me is a 2003 Canadian drama film directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sarah Polley , Mark Ruffalo , Scott Speedman , and Leonor Watling .
The Mill at Sanssouci ( German : Die Mühle von Sanssouci ) is a 1926 German silent historical film directed by Siegfried Philippi and Frederic Zelnik and starring Otto Gebühr , Lissi Lind and Jakob Tiedtke .
Daddy and Them is a 2001 American film written and directed by , as well as starring Billy Bob Thornton .
La liceale ( internationally released as The Teasers , Under - graduate Girls , Sophomore Swingers and Teasers ) is a 1975 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Honeymoon in Vegas is a 1992 comedy film directed by Andrew Bergman and starring Nicolas Cage , James Caan and Sarah Jessica Parker .
The Spy Who Loved Flowers ( Italian : Le spie amano i fiori , also known as Hell Cats ) is a 1966 Italian / Spanish co - production science fiction - Eurospy film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi ( here credited as `` Hubert Humphry '' ) .
The Naked Runner is a 1967 British espionage film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Frank Sinatra , Peter Vaughan and Edward Fox .
Gosford Park is a 2001 British mystery film directed by Robert Altman and written by Julian Fellowes .
It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse , But the Society in Which He Lives ( German : Nicht der Homosexuelle ist pervers , sondern die Situation , in der er lebt ) is a 1971 German camp film directed by Rosa von Praunheim .
One , Two , Three is a 1961 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and written by Wilder and I.A.L. Diamond .
Fanfan ( Fanfan & Alexandre ) is a 1993 French romantic comedy film written and directed by Alexandre Jardin and starring Sophie Marceau and Vincent Perez .
Quo Vadis , Baby ? is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores .
2001 Maniacs is a 2005 American comedy horror film directed by Tim Sullivan , starring Robert Englund , Jay Gillespie , Dylan Edrington , and Matthew Carey .
Velvet Goldmine ( 1998 ) is a British drama film directed and co - written by Todd Haynes set in Britain during the glam rock days of the early 1970s ; it tells the story of the fictional pop star Brian Slade .
Get Mean , also known as Beat a Dead Horse and The Stranger Gets Mean , is a 1975 Italian - American Spaghetti Western fantasy comedy film directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Tony Anthony , Lloyd Battista , Raf Baldassarre , Diana Lorys and Mirta Miller .
Seven Deaths in the Cat 's Eye ( Italian : La morte negli occhi del gatto , French : Les Diablesses , also known as Cat 's Murdering Eye ) is a 1973 Italian - French giallo - horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti .
Diario segreto da un carcere femminile ( internationally released as Women in Cell Block 7 ) is a 1973 Italian women in prison film written and directed by Rino Di Silvestro .
Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Flying High ( Swedish : Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll på svindlande äventyr ) is a 1991 Swedish animated feature film directed by Jan Gissberg after an original script by Thomas Funck , using Funck 's already well - established characters .
Le Concert is a 2009 French comedy film by Radu Mihăileanu starring Aleksei Guskov , Mélanie Laurent and Miou - Miou .
The Eyes , the Mouth ( Italian : Gli occhi , la bocca , French : Les Yeux , la Bouche ) is a 1982 Italian - French drama film written and directed by Marco Bellocchio and starring Lou Castel .
Nikola Ležaić , writer and director of Tilva Roš , who is also born in Bor got a copy of Crap from his friend , and fell in love with it .
Wedding in Blood ( French : Les Noces rouges ) is a 1973 French thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol .
Kill Cruise ( German title Der Skipper ) is a 1990 film directed by Peter Keglevic and starring Jürgen Prochnow , Patsy Kensit and Elizabeth Hurley .
The Parson 's Widow ( Swedish : Prästänkan ) , aka The Witch Woman , is a 1920 comedy drama film directed by Carl Theodor Dreyer .
Shadows in Paradise ( Finnish : Varjoja paratiisissa ) is a 1986 Finnish art house comedy - drama film written and directed by Aki Kaurismäki .
The Sensual Man ( Italian : Paolo il caldo , also known as The Sensuous Sicilian ) is a 1974 Italian comedy film written and directed by Marco Vicario .
Specter of the Rose is a 1946 ballet murder mystery film noir written and directed by Ben Hecht and starring Judith Anderson , Ivan Kirov , Viola Essen , Michael Chekhov , and Lionel Stander , with choreography by Tamara Geva , and music by George Antheil .
Hotel Noir is a 2012 crime film directed and written by Sebastian Gutierrez .
Cop Land is a 1997 American crime drama film written and directed by James Mangold , and starring Sylvester Stallone , Harvey Keitel , Ray Liotta , and Robert De Niro .
The Zurich Engagement ( German : Die Zürcher Verlobung ) is a 1957 West German comedy film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Liselotte Pulver , Paul Hubschmid and Bernhard Wicki .
A 1958 nationwide poll of U.S. teenagers found Perry Como to be the most popular male singer , beating Elvis Presley , who was the winner of the previous year 's poll .
Megumi Igarashi ( Japanese : 五十嵐恵 ) , who uses the pseudonym Rokudenashiko ( Japanese : ろくでなし子 `` good - for - nothing girl '' or `` bad girl '' ) , is a Japanese sculptor and manga artist who has received public attention for her work featuring female genitalia .
Brenda Archer ( born September 17 , 1942 in Georgetown , Demerara - Mahaica ) is a retired female track and field athlete from Guyana .
Chen Jingwen ( simplified Chinese : 陈静文 ; traditional Chinese : 陳靜文 , born 4 February 1990 in Guangzhou ) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres .
Laurie Smith is Sheriff of Santa Clara County , California , and the first female County Sheriff in the history of the state .
Carey Lohrenz ( born 1968 ) is a former Lieutenant in the United States Navy who was the first fully qualified female naval aviator to fly the F-14 Tomcat in the United States Military .
Sibel Şimşek ( pronounced ( ˈsiːbel ˈʃiːmʃec ) ; born October 10 , 1984 in Osmancık Çorum , Turkey ) is a European champion Turkish female weightlifter competing in the Women 's 63 kg division .
Victoria Grant ( née Blackledge ; b. 26 August 1982 ) is a female rugby union player .
Wang Dandan ( born May 1 , 1985 in Beijing ) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Lillian Goodner ( 1896 - -1994 ) was an African - American blues singer , who performed in the classic female blues style that was popular during the 1920s .
Teresa Rivera Pastrana ( born April 24 , 1966 ) is a former female backstroke and freestyle swimmer from Mexico .
Ida Goodson ( November 23 , 1909 -- January 5 , 2000 ) was an American classic female blues and jazz singer plus pianist .
Ludmilla Meijler - Sochnenko ( born in Minsk , Belarus ) is a female draughts player .
Mualla Eyüboğlu Anhegger ( 1919 -- August 16 , 2009 ) was one of the first female Turkish architects .
Tai Orathai ( Thai : ต่าย อรทัย ) is a Thai female luk thung ( Thai country music ) singer from Ubon Ratchatani , Thailand .
Peta - Gaye Gayle ( born 19 January 1979 ) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Jamaica , who competed in the 400 m hurdles during her career .
Hee - kyung Seo ( Korean : 서희경 , born 8 July 1986 ) , also known as Seo Hee - kyung , is a South Korean female professional golfer playing on the LPGA Tour and on LPGA of Korea Tour .
Jiao Zhimin ( Chinese : 焦志敏 ; December 1 , 1963 ) is a female Chinese former table tennis player .
Rajashree Birla is in active association with Population First , a non - governmental organisation dedicated to the cause of female foeticide .
Irina Crasnoscioc , married Michailova ( born August 13 , 1981 ) is a Moldovan - Russian female professional basketball player .
Fikret Özsoy ( born January 1 , 1965 ) is a male javelin throw record holder from Turkey .
Catriona Forrest ( born 27 February 1984 in Glasgow ) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland .
Stephanie Beaumont ( born in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada ) is a Canadian female country music artist .
Denis Gremelmayr ( born 16 August 1981 ) is an inactive German male tennis player .
Bonnie Morgan is a female contortionist and an actress .
Jackeline Estevez ( born February 7 , 1968 ) is a popular female singer in the Dominican Republic .
Melissa Straker - Taylor ( born January 23 , 1976 ) is a retired female track and field sprinter from Barbados , who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics : 1996 and 2000 .
Cammie Lusko ( born April 5 , 1958 ) is an American athlete best known for her contributions to female bodybuilding in the 1980s .
Kim Su - dae ( born May 13 , 1942 ) is a female North Korean former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Dona Oliveira ( born September 8 , 1960 ) , is a former professional female bodybuilder from the United States .
Jessi Colter was one of the few female artists to emerge from the mid-1970s `` outlaw '' movement .
Jorge Humberto Martínez Correa ( born November 5 , 1975 in Jardín , Antioquia ) is a male road cyclist from Colombia .
Mohammad Hatta is often remembered as Bung Hatta ( `` bung '' derives from `` abang '' , an affectionate title meaning `` older brother , '' used to address close male acquaintances or father figures ) .
At the opening of the Teatro alla Scala in Milan on August 3 , 1778 , Francesca Lebrun was the female lead in Antonio Salieri 's opera Europa Riconosciuta .
Li Duihong ( Chinese : 李对红 ; born January 25 , 1970 ) is a female Chinese sports shooter .
Denise Murray ( born March 8 , 1964 ) is a Canadian female country music singer .
Balçiçek İlter , formerly also known as Balçiçek Pamir , ( June 16 , 1973 , İstanbul ) , is a Turkish female journalist , columnist and television presenter .
Efioanwan Ekpo ( born 25 January 1984 ) is a Nigerian female footballer .
Elif Yıldırım ( born February 14 , 1990 in İznik , Bursa Province , Turkey ) is a Turkish female sprinter , who is specialized in the 400 m hurdles event .
Yarelys Barrios Castañeda ( also Yarelis Barrios Castañeda ; born July 12 , 1983 in Pinar del Río ) is a female discus thrower from Cuba .
Siranush was the first female actress in the world who played the role of Hamlet and was gifted with the exceptional power of personification .
Mitsuru Yūki is a female Japanese novelist who is famed for her work , Shōnen Onmyōji .
Molly Williams ( fl . 1818 ) was the first known female firefighter in the United States .
Connie Szerszen is an American female radio personality .
Ren Chengyuan ( born 1986 - 09 - 20 in Jiangsu ) is a female Chinese Olympic cyclist , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Annabelle Lee Harmon ( January 22 , 1922 -- July 3 , 2008 ) was a female pitcher who played from 1944 through 1950 with four different teams of the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League .
Visiline Jepkesho ( born 1988 ) is a female Kenyan long - distance runner .
Velika Begovica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велика Беговица ; fl . 1876 - -78 ) was a female rebel in the Kozjak region , which was under Ottoman rule ( today part of R. Macedonia ) , active during the Serbo - Turkish War ( 1876 - -78 ) .
Tan Anqi ( simplified Chinese : 谭安琪 ; traditional Chinese : 譚安琪 ; pinyin : Tán Ānqí ; born June 10 , 1986 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey player .
Jackie Kallen ( born Jackie Kaplan , April 23 , 1946 ) is one of boxing 's first and most successful female managers .
A UK manufacturer made the ' Welcom ' Clem Sohn Bird - Man Glider , featuring `` a red suited male figure with fold - out arms '' and rubber wheels .
The Real Roxanne ( born Adelaida Martinez , July 15 , 1963 ) is an American female hip hop emcee who recorded for Select Records .
Jermaine Herron , a 27-year - old black male , was executed by lethal injection at the Texas State Penitentiary in Huntsville , Texas on May 17 , 2006 .
Arthur Holmberg in his 2014 book David Mamet and Male Friendship , has reconsidered the gender issue in many of Mamet 's plays throughout his career by asserting a prominent and recurrent reversed sexual orientation of portrayed male gender preferences .
Maryse Turcotte ( born February 23 , 1975 in Sherbrooke , Quebec ) is a retired female weightlifter from Canada , who competed twice for her native country at the Summer Olympics : 2000 and 2004 .
Madeline Nyamwanza - Makonese is the first Zimbabwean female doctor , the second African woman to become a doctor , and the first African woman to graduate from the University of Rhodesia Medical School .
Tétaz had recommended Kimbra to Gotye after a ' high profile ' Australian female vocalist had withdrawn from the collaboration .
Tetyana Dorokhova ( Ukrainian : Тетяна Дорохова ) is a Ukrainian female archer .
Matsuda Yuriko ( born 1943 ) is a female Japanese ceramic artist .
Arlette Schneiders is a Luxembourg architect who in 1989 was the first female architect in Luxembourg to establish her own practice .
Sara Braverman ( 1918 -- 10 February 2013 ) was a member of the Jewish Parachutists of Mandate Palestine , one of the first female fighters to serve in the Palmach , and a founding member of the IDF Women 's Corps .
Viona Harrer ( born 5 November 1986 ) is a German female ice hockey goaltender , who played for the otherwise all - male Team Tölzer Löwen and for the Germany women 's national ice hockey team .
Thomas J. Grasso was a 32-year - old male executed by lethal injection at Oklahoma State Penitentiary , McAlester , Oklahoma , USA , on March 20 , 1995 , for two murders .
Doris Wanjala - Wefwafwa ( 24 December 1966 -- 11 December 2007 ) was a Kenyan female volleyball player .
Tuğçe Şahutoğlu ( born May 1 , 1988 in Mersin , Turkey ) is a Turkish female hammer thrower .
Keren Tendler ( died August 12 , 2006 ) was Israel 's first female helicopter flight mechanic soon after a court allowed women to serve in combat positions .
Oleksandr Nelep is an Ukrainian male acrobatic gymnast .
Svend Erik Kristensen ( born June 24 , 1956 ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Denmark , who twice represented his native country at the European Athletics Championships during his career : 1982 and 1986 .
Connie Francis ( born Concetta Rosa Maria Franconero , December 12 , 1938 ) is an American pop singer and the top - charting female vocalist of the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Elbek Tazhyieu ( born January 7 , 1986 ) ( also known as Elbek Tojiev ) is a male Greco - Roman wrestler from Belarus .
Rafael Álvarez Serrano ( born October 29 , 1971 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , Las Palmas ) is a retired male diver from Spain , best known for winning the bronze medals at the 1997 European Championships in Seville , Spain and at the World University Games in 1999 .
In Greek mythology , the Androktasiai ( Ancient Greek : Ἀνδροκτασίαι ; singular : Androktasia ) were the female personifications of manslaughter .
Rebecca Hull ( née Mahoney ; born August 25 , 1985 ) is a female rugby union player .
A female French Legionnaire in the book Sowing Glory by P.C. Wren was referred to by the pseudonym of Mary Ambree in order to protect her identity .
Sally McNair was the first female television sports journalist in Scotland , working as a presenter and reporter at STV on the world 's longest - running TV sports programme , `` Scotsport '' from 1984 .
Anne Hampton Brewster ( October 29 , 1818 -- 1892 ) was one of America 's first female foreign correspondents , publishing primarily in Philadelphia , New York and Boston newspapers .
Kyle Spencer ( born 26 January 1976 ) is a male former tennis player from the United Kingdom .
Zuzana Čunderlíková ( pronounced ( ˈzuzana ˈtʃunderliːkoʋa ) ) is a member of the Slovak female rafting team , holder of the 2008 European rafting championship title .
Brenda Wilson was chief executive of Cancer Council SA , from 2002 to May 2015 and is South Australia 's first female Lieutenant - Governor .
Aldo Bello ( Aldo Jonathan Bello Morillo ) ( born 23 May 1975 in Maracaibo , Zulia ) is a male hammer thrower from Venezuela .
Takehiro Sonohara ( Japanese : 園原 健弘 ; born November 9 , 1962 in Nagano ) is a retired male race walker from Japan .
Chen Ling ( simplified Chinese : 陈玲 ; traditional Chinese : 陳玲 ; pinyin : Chén Líng ; born June 16 , 1987 in Zhenjiang , Jiangsu ) is a female archer from the People 's Republic of China .
Mariana Díaz Oliva ( born 11 March 1976 ) is a retired professional female tennis player from Argentina .
Hyun Sook - hee ( Hangul : 현숙희 , Hanja : 玄淑姬 ; born March 3 , 1973 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a female South Korean judoka .
Lisa Brown - Miller ( born November 16 , 1966 ) is an American female ice hockey player .
Brian Keith Jones ( born 1947 ) , formerly known as Brendan John Megson and Whispen , is an Australian child molestor and burglar who was convicted of the abduction and sexual assault of six male children between 1979 and 1980 .
Michael Žygimantaitis ( Lithuanian : Mykolas Žygimantaitis , Polish : Michał Bolesław Zygmuntowicz ; before 1406 -- shortly before February 10 , 1452 in Moscow ) was the last male descendant of Kęstutis , Grand Duke of Lithuania .
Irena Fleissnerová ( born November 25 , 1958 in Plzeň ) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from the Czech Republic , who won two gold medals at the 1979 Summer Universiade in Mexico City , Mexico .
Bogaha Kotuwe Gedara Niluka Geethani Rajasekara is a female Sri Lankan long - distance runner .
Martina Miceli ( born October 22 , 1973 in Rome ) is a female water polo defender from Italy , who won the gold medal with the Women 's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Yvette McGee Brown ( born 1960 , Columbus , Ohio , United States ) became the first African - American female justice on the Ohio Supreme Court when she took office on January 1 , 2011 .
Denise Klecker ( born January 26 , 1972 in Mainz , Rhineland - Palatinate ) is a retired female field hockey defender from Germany , who won the gold medal with the German National Women 's Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Rukiye Yıldırım ( born February 12 , 1991 in Ankara ) is a Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the finweight division .
Lexi Peters ( a native of Buffalo , New York ) became the first female ice hockey player to appear in an EA Sports NHL Hockey video game after appearing in NHL 12 .
Hong Wenwen ( born August 22 , 1986 in Wuhan , Hubei ) is a female Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
`` Vicious '' Vaia Zaganas is possibly the most accomplished female boxer to ever come out of Canada .
Hermaphroditus , the two - sexed child of Aphrodite and Hermes ( Venus and Mercury ) had long been a symbol of androgyny or effeminacy , and was portrayed in Greco - Roman art as a female figure with male genitals .
Lori Ann Mundt ( born May 19 , 1971 in Yorkton , Saskatchewan ) is a retired female volleyball player from Canada Mundt competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Emily O'Reilly is an author and former journalist and broadcaster who became Ireland 's first female Ombudsman in 2003 , succeeding Kevin Murphy .
The Shadow of Empress Wu , also known as Riyue Lingkong , is a Chinese television series about the relationship between Wu Zetian , the only female emperor in Chinese history , and Xie Yaohuan , a fictional female official serving in Wu 's court .
Kim Hee - jin ( Hangul : 김희진 ; born 29 April 1991 ) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player .
Laura Asadauskaitė - Zadneprovskienė ( born February 28 , 1984 ) is a female Lithuanian modern pentathlete who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and achieved an Olympic record score .
Fatiha Ouali ( born October 25 , 1974 in Roubaix , Nord ) is a female race walker from France .
Alternative conductors such as Georg Solti and Carlo Maria Giulini were suggested , but Britten proposed that Meredith Davies would conduct the orchestra , chorus and Heather Harper , and Britten himself would conduct the chamber orchestra accompanying the two male soloists ( Peter Pears , Dietrich Fischer - Dieskau ) and the Melos Ensemble .
María del Pilar Pereyra ( born January 24 , 1978 ) is a retired female butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Argentina who represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics , in 1996 and 2000 .
Awilda , also known as Alwilda , was a female pirate .
Hélia Rogério de Souza ( born 10 March 1970 in São Paulo ) , nicknamed Fofão , is a retired Brazilian female volleyball player who competed for the her country 's national team in five consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1992 .
Josephine Russell is a British people female acrobatic gymnast .
Jenny Fransson ( born 18 July 1987 in Karlstad ) is a female freestyle wrestler from Sweden who participated in Women 's freestyle wrestling 72 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Zahida Kazmi is a Pakistani taxi driver and is known as Pakistan 's first female taxi driver .
Rachel Wall ( c.1760 -- October 8 , 1789 ) was an American female pirate , and the last woman to be hanged in Massachusetts .
Zhang Xiangsen ( Chinese : 张祥森 ; born November 5 , 1972 ) is a male weightlifter from PR China .
Wilma Newhoudt - Druchen is a South African politician , and the country 's first deaf female Member of Parliament .
A Voice on The Ocean sold over 20 million copies in mainland China and , combined with four subsequent albums , made Fei Xiang China 's all - time best - selling male recording artist .
Dirk Matschenz ( born 30 May 1979 ) is a Dutch male skeleton racer , who took part in the 2005/2006 Skeleton World Cup trying to qualify for the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Zhang Guolin ( born March 14 , 1985 in Zhuanghe , Dalian , Liaoning ) is a male Chinese rower , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics ( in the men 's lightweight double sculls ) and 2012 Summer Olympics ( in the men 's lightweight four ) .
Liliyana Natsir ( born 9 September 1985 in Manado , Indonesia ) is a female badminton player from Indonesia who specializes in doubles .
Lucia Hatinová ( born 28 February 1984 ) is a Slovak female former volleyball player , playing as a central .
Esther Ghan Firestone ( 1925 -- 28 May 2015 ) was the first female cantor in Canada , although she was not ordained .
Zhang Dan eventually became the tallest competing female pair skater .
Ren Mengqian ( Chinese : 任梦茜 ; born 4 October 1993 ) is a female pole vaulter from China .
Sun Yujun ( born 1987 - 01 - 30 in Tianjin ) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship .
Iqbal Bano ( Urdu : اقبال بانو‎ ) , Pride of Performance Award in 1974 , ( born 1935 in Delhi -- died 21 April 2009 , in Lahore ) was a highly acclaimed female Ghazal singer from Pakistan .
Mandy Johnstone is also the first female politician elected to the seat of Townsville .
Herman Shumlin ( December 6 , 1898 , Atwood , Colorado -- June 4 , 1979 , New York City ) was a prolific Broadway theatrical director and theatrical producer beginning in 1927 with the play Celebrity and continuing through 1974 with a short run of As You Like It , notably with an all male cast .
Jirawat Hemansutikun ( Thai : จิรวัฒน์ เหมันต์สุทธิกุล , born February 14 , 1992 ) , better known by his nickname Nong Earn , is a Thai male model .
Sun Laimiao ( simplified Chinese : 孙来苗 ; traditional Chinese : 孫來苗 ; pinyin : Sūn Láimiáo ; born April 8 , 1981 in Chuzhou , Anhui ) is a female Chinese handball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Angelina Kanana ( born 16 December 1965 ) is a retired female long - distance runner from Kenya , who represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the women 's marathon race .
Ren Jie ( simplified Chinese : 任洁 ; traditional Chinese : 任潔 ; pinyin : Rèn Jié ; born February 8 , 1980 in Baoding , Hebei ) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in 10 metre air pistol at the 2000 Summer Olympics , the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ifeoma Okoye ( possibly born in 1937 ) has been referred to by fans as `` the most important female novelist from Nigeria after Flora Nwapa and Buchi Emecheta , '' according to Oyekan Owomoyela .
Ingeborg Mello de Preiss ( Germany , January 4 , 1919 -- Buenos Aires , Argentina , October 25 , 2009 ) was a female track and field athlete from Argentina , competing in the discus throw and the shot put .
Mary Ayubi is a female film maker and a journalist in Afghanistan , her home country .
Cheikha Rimitti ( Arabic : شيخة ريميتي‎ ) ( born سعدية الغيزانية Saadia El Ghizania , 8 May 1923 -- 15 May 2006 ) was a popular Algerian raï female singer .
Michael Olieman ( born 17 April 1983 in Utrecht ) is a Dutch male former volleyball player .
Eugeniusz Bedeniczuk ( born January 6 , 1961 in Lachy , Podlaskie ) is a former male triple jumper from Poland , who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Marcela Kubalčíková ( born April 23 , 1973 in Zlín ) is a retired female backstroke and butterfly swimmer from the Czech Republic , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , Georgia .
Husmukh Bhikha ( born 28 April 1958 in Wellington ) is a male former field hockey player from New Zealand , who was a member of the national team that finished seventh at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Crystal Gayle became the first female artist in country music history to reach Platinum sales with her 1977 album We Must Believe in Magic .
Lenka Ilavská ( born May 5 , 1972 in Liptovský Mikuláš , Žilina Region ) is a retired female racing cyclist from Slovakia .
Alejandra Fuentes Persson ( born December 31 , 1983 ) is a female diver from Venezuela , who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics for her native country .
Valentine Moghadam ( born 1952 ) is a feminist scholar , sociologist , activist , and author , whose work focuses on women in development , globalization , feminist networks , and female employment in the Middle East .
Elisa Leonida Zamfirescu ( November 10 , 1887 - November 25 , 1973 ) was one of the world 's first female engineers .
Perhaps uniquely , the Balobedu crown descends according to female primogeniture : her eldest daughter is always her successor so the title of Rain Queen is normally passed from mother to daughter .
Lamya Al - Mugheiry ( 1973 - January 8 , 2009 ) , better known as her mononym Lamya was a Kenyan - born British female dance music singer .
Wu You ( simplified Chinese : 吴优 ; traditional Chinese : 吳優 ; pinyin : Wú Yōu ; born March 27 , 1984 in Jinzhou , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese rower , who won silver medal in the Women 's double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Bessa Vugo ( 3 September 1919 in Munich -- 21 August 1991 in Kassel ) was a female German biologist , specializing in the five senses .
Zinaida Semenova ( Russian : Зинаида Семёнова ; born March 19 , 1962 ) is a retired female long - distance runner from Russia .
Veronica O'Mara is a historian at the University of Hull who is a specialist in medieval English religious literature , particularly sermons , and female literacy .
Joanne Catherall ( born 18 September 1962 ) is one of the two female vocalists of the English synthpop band The Human League .
According to the Remi winners listed in WorldFest history , Youxin Yang was the first Chinese female writer / director / leading actress to win the Remi Platinum Award in 2004 .
Zheng Bo ( simplified Chinese : 郑波 ; traditional Chinese : 鄭波 ; pinyin : Zhèng Bō ; born November 26 , 1983 ) is a male badminton player from Hunan , People 's Republic of China .
Feng Guixin ( born 1982 - 02 - 11 in Chaoyang , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese rower , who was to compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the women 's quadruple sculls event .
Nahshon was , through Boaz , the direct male ancestor of David , and thus almost all of the kings of both the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah .
Wilma Salas Rosell ( born 9 March 1991 ) is a retired Cuban female volleyball player .
X-23 is a female clone of Wolverine .
Akseli Lankinen ( born 31 August 1997 ) is a Finnish male volleyball player .
Jessica Gaudreault ( born 18 July 1994 in Mississauga , Ontario ) is a female water polo player of Canada .
Takuma Ueda ( Japanese : 上田拓馬 ) ( born 21 March 1989 ) is a male Japanese badminton player .
Behice Arzu Ceylan ( born in Sydney , Australia ) is a former European champion Turkish female Taekwondo practitioner .
Aldenay Vasallo Machado ( born February 25 , 1977 ) is a female hammer thrower from Cuba .
Evi Edna Ogholi ( born 6 July 1965 ) is a Nigerian female reggae musician popular for her song Happy birthday
Ra Kyung - min ( Hangul : 라경민 ; hanja : 羅景民 ; born 25 November 1976 ) is a female badminton player from South Korea .
Professor Heidi Wunderli - Allenspach ( 1 Januar 1947 in Niederuzwil , citizen of Zürich ) is a Swiss biologists and was the first female rector of ETH Zürich .
Heather Erxleben ( born 1966 ) is a former Canadian Forces soldier who was the first female to graduate from a Regular Force infantry trades training course .
Patrick Tuara ( born 23 March 1993 ) is a male sprinter from the Cook Islands who represented his country at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Elise Kutscherra DeNys was an operatic soprano .
Franco Lo Giudice ( 14 March 1893 - 8 August 1990 ) was an Italian tenor who had a successful international opera career during the first half of the twentieth century .
Blanche Thebom ( September 19 , 1915 -- March 23 , 2010 ) was an American operatic mezzo - soprano , voice teacher , and opera director .
Charles Humphries is an English countertenor , noted for performances of Baroque and Renaissance music .
Traian Grozăvescu ( 1895 -- February 14 , 1927 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian operatic tenor .
John Jones Hewson ( 2 September 1874 -- 1902 ) , credited as Jones Hewson , was a Welsh singer and actor known for his creation and portrayal of baritone roles with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1896 to 1901 .
Alessio De Paolis ( 9 March 1893 -- 5 March 1964 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who specialized in character roles .
Orestis Makris ( Greek : Ορέστης Μακρής ; September 30 , 1898 -- January 29 , 1975 ) was a Greek actor and tenor .
Camille Everardi ( 1824 -- 1899 ) was a Belgian operatic baritone who had an active international career during the 1850s through the 1870s .
Jan Nepomuk Maýr ( sometimes spelled Mayr , Mayer , or Maier ) ( 17 February 1818 -- 25 October 1888 ) was a Czech operatic tenor , opera director , conductor , composer , and music educator .
Kimberly Barber ( born December 21 , 1959 ) is a Canadian mezzo - soprano and vocal pedagogue .
Gregory Stapp is an American bass who has performed actively in concerts and operas internationally for more than 35 years .
Montserrat Caballé ( Catalan : ( munsəˈrat kəβəˈʎe ) ; born 12 April 1933 ) is a Spanish operatic soprano .
Monica Yunus ( born 1979 ) is an American operatic soprano who has performed with many opera companies and music ensembles .
Rita Hunter CBE ( 15 August 1933 -- 29 April 2001 ) was a British operatic dramatic soprano .
Henri Legay ( Paris , July 1 , 1920 -- Paris , September 16 , 1992 ) was a French operatic tenor .
Christina Maria Avoglio or Avolia ( floruit , 1740 - -1744 ) was an Italian soprano in Handel 's opera company .
Nicholas Clapton ( born 16 September 1955 ) is an English countertenor , singing - teacher and author .
Kathryn Grayson ( February 9 , 1922 -- February 17 , 2010 ) was an American actress and soprano .
Gertrude Grob - Prandl ( 11 November 1917 -- 16 May 1995 ) was an Austrian Wagnerian soprano .
Levi Stubbs ( June 6 , 1936 -- October 17 , 2008 ) was an American baritone singer , best known as the lead vocalist of the R&B group the Four Tops , a band known for a variety of Motown hit records and other songs created in the 1960s and 1970s .
Janai Brugger ( born 1983 ) is an American operatic soprano who has won several major music competitions and has appeared in leading roles with several American opera companies .
Simona Houda - Šaturová is a Slovak classical soprano who has had an active international career performing in operas , concerts , and recitals since the early 1990s .
Gino Bechi ( 16 October 1913 -- 2 February 1993 ) was an Italian operatic baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , especially in Verdi roles .
Leo Slezak ( German pronunciation : ( ˌleːo ˈslɛzak ) ; 18 August 1873 -- 1 June 1946 ) was a world - famous Moravian tenor .
Raymond Jean - Baptiste Ernest Carbonne ( 30 July 1860 in Toulouse -- 1924 ) was a French tenor and stage director who had a long association with the Opéra - Comique in Paris .
Franz Ferenczy ( also Franz Friedemann ) ( 1835 -- 27 February 1881 , Weimar ) was a nineteenth - century German tenor who had a prolific opera career in Europe between 1859 - 1880 .
http://onstageartists.com/trond-halstein-moe-uk/Trond Halstein Moe ( born December 20 , 1954 , Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian operatic baritone .
Gustavus Waltz ( fl . 1732 - 1759 ) was a German bass opera singer who collaborated with Handel .
Maria Theresia Löw ( 27 March 1809 -- 30 December 1885 ) was a German operatic soprano and harpist .
Sylvia Sass ( born 12 July 1951 ) is a Hungarian operatic soprano who has sung leading roles both in her native country and internationally .
Maria Chiara ( born 24 November 1939 ) is an Italian lyric soprano .
Stefania Woytowicz ( 8 October 1922 , Orynyn , Kamianets - Podilskyi Raion -- 31 August 2005 , Warsaw ) was a Polish concert soprano .
Giuseppe de Begnis ( 1793 - 10 August 1849 ) was an operatic bass singer .
unusual absence of airbrushing echo places heavy demands on the chanteuse 's sultry soprano . That Bernadette Peters rises to the occasion makes her performance that much more impressive . ''
Nick Afoa ( born 1986 in Auckland ) is a New Zealand tenor and former New Zealand age grade rugby player of Samoan and Croatian heritage .
Graciela Araya ( born May 16 , 1962 ) is an Austrian mezzo - soprano of Chilean birth who has had a prolific international opera career since the early 1980s .
Maria Dragoni ( born 22 December 1958 ) is an Italian operatic soprano active international career in major opera house from 1984 to present .
Mary Garden ( 20 February 1874 -- 3 January 1967 ) , was a Scottish operatic soprano with a substantial career in France and America in the first third of the 20th century .
Yolanda Soares is a Portuguese soprano singer , songwriter and `` crossover '' solo artist .
Nicola Zerola ( 1876 -- 21 July 1936 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international career from 1898 - 1928 .
Bertha Schwarz , often known by her stage name Bianca Bianchi , was a coloratura soprano opera singer of the late 19th century .
Suzanne Juyol ( January 1 , 1920 , Paris -- July 20 , 1994 , Paris ) was a French opera singer , the leading dramatic soprano of her era in France .
Julian Patrick ( 26 October 1927 - 8 May 2009 ) was an American operatic baritone and voice teacher .
Mercedes Capsir ( Catalan pronunciation : ( mərˈsɛðəs kəpˈsi ) ) ( 20 July 1895 - 13 March 1969 ) was a Catalan Spanish opera singer , a high coloratura soprano , particularly associated with light Italian roles , such as Lucia and Gilda .
Giacomo David ( born Giacomo Davide , Presezzo , 1750 -- Bergamo , 1830 ) , was a leading Italian tenor of the late 18th and early 19th centuries .
Marie Powers ( 1902 - -1973 ) was an American contralto who was best known for her performance as Madame Flora in Gian Carlo Menotti 's The Medium , a role that she played on stage , screen and television .
Axel Köhler ( born 1959 in Schwarzenberg , Saxony ) is a German countertenor and opera director .
Józef Michał Poniatowski ( Rome , July 24 , 1814 -- London , July 4 , 1873 ) was a Polish szlachcic , a composer and an operatic tenor .
Marianne Mathy - Frisdane ( 23 June 1890 -- 18 October 1978 ) was a coloratura soprano opera singer and distinguished teacher of opera and classical singing .
Margaret Keys is an Irish soprano with Universal Records .
Anna Krauja Čena ( born 1981 ) is a lyric soprano from Latvia .
Mac Morgan ( June 25 , 1917 -- June 12 , 2007 ) was an American bass - baritone who had an active performance career in concerts and operas from the early 1940s until the mid-1970s .
Arturo Chacón Cruz ( August 20 , 1977 ) is a Mexican operatic tenor .
Marie - Gabrielle Krauss ( 24 March 1842 -- 6 January 1906 ) was an important 19th century Austrian - born French operatic soprano .
Gail Dubinbaum ( born 1957 ) is an American operatic coloratura mezzo - soprano and co - founder and Creative Director of the Phoenix Metropolitan Opera .
Theo Adam ( born 1 August 1926 ) is a distinguished German classical bass - baritone who had an active international career in operas , concerts , and recitals from the 1940s through the 1990s .
Margreta Elkins AM ( 16 October 1930 -- 1 April 2009 ) was an Australian mezzo - soprano of great renown .
Pierre de La Garde ( 10 February 1717 , Crécy - la - Chapelle -- 1792 ) was a French composer and baritone .
Paulina Rivoli ( 22 July 1823 - 12 October 1881 ) was a Polish operatic soprano who had an active international career with important European opera houses from 1837 - 1860 .
Vyatcheslav Kagan - Paley , also known as Slava ( `` Слава '' Каган-Палей ) , is a Belarusian countertenor and male alto .
Virginia Guerrini ( 20 February 1871 , Brescia -- 26 February 1948 , Brescia ) was an Italian operatic mezzo - soprano .
Mary Davies ( 27 February 1855 -- 22 June 1930 ) was a Welsh mezzo - soprano and the co - founder and first President of the Welsh Folk Song Society .
