Gamma Serpentis ( γ Serpentis , γ Ser ) is a star in the equatorial constellation Serpens , in the part of the constellation that represents the serpent 's head ( Serpens Caput ) .
Jean Puy ( 8 November 1876 , Roanne , Loire -- 6 March 1960 , Roanne ) was a French Fauvist artist .
Mary Webb ( 25 March 1881 -- 8 October 1927 ) was an English romantic novelist and poet of the early 20th century , whose work is set chiefly in the Shropshire countryside and among Shropshire characters and people which she knew .
The Mid - Hudson Bridge ( officially the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Mid - Hudson Bridge ) is a toll suspension bridge which carries US 44 and NY 55 across the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie and Highland in the state of New York .
Velykyi Bychkiv ( Ukrainian : Великий Бичків ; Rusyn : Великый Бичкôв ; Hungarian : Nagybocskó , Nagybocska ; Romanian : Bocicoiu Mare ; Slovak : Veľký Bočkov , Bočková ) is an urban - type settlement in Rakhiv Raion ( district ) of Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Pomigacze ( pɔmiˈɡat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality ( formerly Greater Groblersdal Local Municipality ) is located in the Sekhukhune District Municipality of Limpopo province , South Africa .
Langley Park School for Girls ( also known as Langley Park Girls ' School , LPGS , or just Langley Girls ) is a girls ' secondary academy school in Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley , England , with a mixed - sex sixth form .
Jane & Gerry Swan Track at Rotary Stadium is a fully lighted , multi - purpose stadium located in Abbotsford , British Columbia .
Bentonville High School ( BHS ) is a comprehensive public high school in Bentonville , Arkansas , Secondary education in the United States .
Yongsheng County ( 永胜县 ; Pinyin : Yǒngshèng Xiàn ) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture , Yunnan , China .
The Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge ( MVNWR ) is a protected wildlife refuge administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , located in the Warm Springs Natural Area in the Moapa Valley of Clark County , Nevada .
Skuleskogen National Park is in the municipalities of Örnsköldsvik and Kramfors , both of Västernorrland County , both in the historical Swedish province of Ångermanland .
Mowtowpam - e Pansar 5 ( Persian : موتوپم پنثر5‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowpam - e Pans̱ar 5 ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The P-15 Termit ( Russian : П-15 `` Термит '' ; English : termite ) is an anti - ship missile developed by the Soviet Union 's Raduga design bureau in the 1950s .
The Legend of The Beverly Hillbillies special ignored several plot twists of the TV movie , notably Jethro was now not a film director but a leading Los Angeles physician .
József Pércsi ( 19 March 1942 in Földes -- June 2011 ) was a Hungarian wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Shadows of Glory ( Spanish : Sombras de gloria ) is a Spanish - language American film released in 1930 .
Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences ( French : Revue Canadienne des Sciences de l'Administration ) is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada .
Matt Schnobrich ( born November 12 , 1978 ) is a male rower who qualified for the prestigious bow seat in the United States Men 's Eight in the rowing events of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
