The Revolt of Mamie Stover is a 1951 novel by William Bradford Huie about a young woman from Mississippi who goes to Hollywood to work as an actress .
The Tin Roof Blowdown ( 2007 ) is a crime novel by American author James Lee Burke .
`` War Song '' is a 1972 single credited to Neil Young & Graham Nash , backed by The Stray Gators .
What I Was is Meg Rosoff 's third novel for young adults .
The Sanctuary Lamp is a play by Irish playwright Tom Murphy written in 1975 but revised for subsequent productions .
From Doon with Death was the debut novel of British writer Ruth Rendell , first published in 1964 .
Calling All Monsters is the second novel by Chris Westwood , a British author of children 's and young adult fiction .
Did I Ever Tell You How Lucky You Are ? is a children 's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House on September 12 , 1973 .
The Tempering is a young adult novel by the American writer Gloria Skurzynski set in 1911 in the fictional mill town of Canaan ( a parallel to the author 's hometown of Duquesne , Pennsylvania , just south of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River ) .
The Million Dollar Goal is a children 's sports novel by American author Dan Gutman , first published by Hyperion Books for Children in 2003 .
In 2007 , Percy Schmeiser and Louise Schmeiser were named winners of the Right Livelihood Award : ... for their courage in defending biodiversity and farmers ' rights , and challenging the environmental and moral perversity of current interpretations of patent laws .
William Preble Hall ( June 11 , 1848 -- December 14 , 1927 ) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor in action on October 20 , 1879 near the White River , Colorado .
Peder Anker was decorated with the Royal Order of the Seraphim and the Order of Charles XIII .
John Mathai was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire ( CIE ) in 1934 , and was awarded the Padma Vibhushan in 1959 .
John McLennon ( 1855 - -May 14 , 1888 ) was a United States Army musician who was awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of the Big Hole in Montana in 1877 .
In the 1954 New Year 's Honours , Pattie Menzies was appointed Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire .
Lawrence Day ( born Kitchener , Canada , February 1 , 1949 ) is a Canadian chess International Master , author , and journalist .
André Diamant ( born February 9 , 1990 in Fortaleza ) is a Brazilian chess Grandmaster .
Karl - Heinz Weber ( 30 January 1922 -- 7 June 1944 ) was a Luftwaffe flying ace of World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Louis J. Carpellotti ( February 13 , 1918 -- August 7 , 1942 ) was a United States Marine who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions during World War II . Carpellotti was born in Old Forge , Pennsylvania .
Ottayal Pattalam ( English : One Man Army ) is a 1992 Malayalam comedy film starring Mukesh , Madhoo , and Innocent in the lead roles .
Said - e - Havas ( Prey To Desire ) or ( Greed ) also known as King John is a 1936 Hindi / Urdu film adaptation of the Shakespeare play , King John , directed by Sohrab Modi .
Le traquenard ( 1915 ) is a French crime silent film starring Fernand Mailly and Irène Bordoni .
The Defection of Simas Kudirka is a 1978 television movie based on actual events , featuring Alan Arkin as Simas Kudirka , a Lithuanian merchant seaman in Soviet - era 1970 who attempts to defect to the United States by jumping onto a U.S. Coast Guard cutter .
Annorikkal is a Malayalam movie released in 2005 , directed by Sarathchandran Wayanad and starring Sunil Kumar ( alias Narain ) , Kavya Madhavan , Kalabhavan Mani , Murali & Others .
Krishna Kuchela is 1961 Mythological Malaylam film telling the story of Krishna and Kuchelan . The movie was directed and produced by Kunchacko , Starring Prem Nazir , KPAC Sulochana , Harikeshan Thampi , T. S. Muthaiah , Ambika Sukumaran .
Aval Peyar Thamizharasi ( Tamil : அவள் பெயர் தமிழரசி ; English : Her name is Tamil Arasi ) is a 2010 Tamil romantic drama movie directed and written by Meera Kathiravan and starring Jai , Nandhagi , Dhiyana , S. Theodore Baskaran and Ganja Karuppu in lead roles .
Enemies of Women is a 1923 silent romantic drama film directed by Alan Crosland and starring Lionel Barrymore , Alma Rubens , Gladys Hulette , Pedro de Cordoba , and Paul Panzer .
Idhayakkani ( Tamil : இதயக்கனி English : The Fruit Of The Heart ) , is a 1975 Indian Tamil action thriller starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role , with Pandari Bai , R. S. Manohar and Radha Saluja among others enacting supporting roles .
Love in Limbo is a 1993 Australian comedy film directed and produced by David Elfick , and starring Craig Adams , Aden Young and Russell Crowe .
Frog Dreaming is a 1986 Australian film starring Henry Thomas and directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith who described it as `` a charming mystery adventure . ''
Rovin ' Tumbleweeds is a 1939 American Western film directed by George Sherman and starring Gene Autry , Smiley Burnette and Mary Carlisle .
Revenge of the Creature marks the screen debut for Clint Eastwood , who appears uncredited as a lab technician named `` Jennings '' early in the story .
No . 1 of the Secret Service is a 1977 imitation James Bond film starring Nicky Henson as British secret agent Charles Bind .
Thoroughbreds Do n't Cry features Rooney as a jockey famous for his daring come - from - behind wins in the stretch and Garland as the niece of Sophie Tucker , who runs a jockey 's boardinghouse where Rooney resides .
Edge of Doom is a 1950 black - and - white film noir directed by Mark Robson and starring Dana Andrews , Farley Granger , and Joan Evans .
Thommy Berggren as `` Giliap '' Mona Seilitz as Anna Gustavsson Willie Andréason as Gustav Svensson , `` The Count '' Lars - Levi Læstadius as Kreip Henry Olhans as `` The Vulture '' Rainer Mieth as Fat chef Julie Bernby as Singer Arne Leif Nielsen as Simonsson Pernilla August as Girl at Summer Hotel
Act of Vengeance is a 1986 television movie starring Charles Bronson , Ellen Burstyn , and Keanu Reeves .
Three Cuckoo Clocks ( German : Die drei Kuckucksuhren ) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and starring Lillian Hall - Davis , Nina Vanna and Nils Asther .
Take One False Step is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Chester Erskine , and starring William Powell , Shelley Winters , Marsha Hunt and Dorothy Hart .
The Alphabet Murders is a British detective film based on the novel The A.B.C. Murders by Agatha Christie , starring Tony Randall as Hercule Poirot .
Wanda Nevada is a 1979 western comedy film starring Peter Fonda and Brooke Shields .
The Last Ride to Santa Cruz ( German : Der Letzte Ritt nach Santa Cruz ) is a 1964 West German - Austrian Western film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Edmund Purdom .
Bad Golf My Way is a short movie by actor Leslie Nielsen .
Four Jills in a Jeep is a 1944 film starring Kay Francis , Carole Landis , Martha Raye , and Mitzi Mayfair as themselves , re - enacting their USO tour of Europe and North Africa during World War II .
The Detonator is a 2006 American action film directed by Po Chih Leong , and starring Wesley Snipes , Silvia Colloca , Tim Dutton and William Hope .
Going Shopping is a 2005 American romance film directed by Henry Jaglom and stars Victoria Foyt , Rob Morrow and Lee Grant ( in her last film role as of 2011 ) .
Men Who Have Made Love to Me is a 1918 American silent biographical film starring Mary MacLane , based on her book I , Mary MacLane ( 1917 ) , and directed by Arthur Berthelet .
Chato 's Land is a 1972 western Technicolor film directed by Michael Winner , starring Charles Bronson and Jack Palance .
Lovers in Paris ( Hangul : 파리의 연인 ; RR : Pari - ui yeon - in ) is a 2004 South Korean television drama series starring Kim Jung - eun , Park Shin - yang and Lee Dong - gun .
Last Night at the Alamo is a 1983 American black - and - white independent film directed and co - produced by Eagle Pennell , written and co - produced by Kim Henkel and starring Sonny Carl Davis and Lou Perryman .
A Window in London is a 1940 British thriller film directed by Herbert Mason starring Michael Redgrave as Peter , a crane operator , Patricia Roc as Pat , Sally Gray , Paul Lukas and Hartley Power .
Kaakan is a Marathi language movie released in 2015 directed by Kranti Redkar starring Jitendra Joshi and Urmila Kanitkar on lead roles .
Meet the Baron is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film starring Jack Pearl , Jimmy Durante , Edna May Oliver , Zasu Pitts , Ted Healy and the Three Stooges .
Bad Golf Made Easier is a 53-minute video by actor Leslie Nielsen .
After . Life is a 2009 American psychological horror - thriller film starring Liam Neeson , Christina Ricci and Justin Long , directed by Agnieszka Wójtowicz - Vosloo from her original screenplay .
Boy Eats Girl is a 2005 horror - comedy film directed by Stephen Bradley and starring Samantha Mumba , produced and shot in Ireland .
The commander ( Jan - Michael Vincent ) of the spaceship dispatches The Alienator ( Teagan Clive ) -- a deadly female gynoid , to capture Kol .
Kill the Man is a 1999 American comedy film starring Luke Wilson and Joshua Malina as the owners of an independent copy - shop who are in competition with a large chain of copy - shops .
The Adventures of Gerard is a 1970 British - Italian - Swiss adventure comedy film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski and starring Peter McEnery , Claudia Cardinale , Eli Wallach and Jack Hawkins .
Little Treasure is a 1985 American action drama starring Ted Danson , Margot Kidder and Burt Lancaster .
Taxi driver Xiaoyi ( Tang Wei ) is discovered by a race car coach and becomes a member of the racing team Speed Angels .
Koshish ( Hindi : कोशिश , translation Effort ) is a 1972 Hindi movie starring Sanjeev Kumar and Jaya Bhaduri , and directed by Gulzar .
The Trousers ( German : Die Hose ) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Hans Behrendt and starring Werner Krauss , Jenny Jugo and Rudolf Forster .
The Ice Follies of 1939 is a 1939 American musical drama film directed by Reinhold Schünzel , and starring Joan Crawford , James Stewart , Lew Ayres and Lewis Stone .
Burn ' Em Up O'Connor is a 1939 race car film directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Dennis O'Keefe , Cecilia Parker , Nat Pendleton and Harry Carey .
Paris , Not France is a 2008 documentary film following American heiress and entertainer Paris Hilton .
Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo is a 1926 American silent Western starring Cullen Landis , Kathryn McGuire and Joe Rickson , and featuring Bob Fleming , Ralph McCullough , Fletcher Norton , Anne Berryman , Jay Morley , Thomas G. Lingham , Frank Rice , Betty Brown and Bob Steele .
Sadgamaya ( Malayalam : സദ്ഗമയ ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Hari Kumar , starring Suresh Gopi , Navya Nair and Shweta Menon in the lead roles .
One Foot in Heaven is a 1941 American biographical film starring Fredric March , Martha Scott , Beulah Bondi , Gene Lockhart and Elisabeth Fraser .
Deep Crimson ( Spanish : Profundo Carmesí ) is a 1996 Mexican crime film directed by Arturo Ripstein , written by Paz Alicia Garciadiego and starring Regina Orozco and Daniel Giménez Cacho .
Death Race 2000 is a 1975 cult political satire action film directed by Paul Bartel , and starring David Carradine , Simone Griffeth and Sylvester Stallone .
4th Period Mystery ( Hangul : 4교시 추리영역 ; RR : 4Gyoshi Churiyeongyeok ) , released internationally as The Clue , is a 2009 South Korean thriller film starring Yoo Seung - ho and Kang So - ra .
My Giant is a 1998 comedy drama film starring Billy Crystal and NBA player Gheorghe Mureșan in his only film appearance , and directed by Michael Lehmann .
Last of the Dogmen is a 1995 American Western adventure film written and directed by Tab Murphy and starring Tom Berenger and Barbara Hershey .
The Wreck of the Dunbar or The Yeoman 's Wedding is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Gaston Mervale starring Louise Lovely .
Starring Robert Urich as the title character , The Lazarus Man debuted on Turner Network Television and ran for 20 episodes .
Stormy Crossing is a 1958 British mystery film starring John Ireland , Derek Bond , Leslie Dwyer , John Schlesinger and Arthur Lowe .
Emmanuelle 6 is a 1988 French softcore erotica movie directed by Bruno Zincone , and starred German actress Natalie Uher .
Our Shining Moment is a 1991 television family drama film directed by Mark Tinker and starring Cindy Pickett , Max Gail and Don Ameche .
He trains at a local boxing gym , and is instructed by the Kong Ching team trainer Lau ( Gordon Liu ) , in an effort to be a competitor in the Star Runner Pan Asian Martial Arts Competition .
Enemy Gold is a 1993 action / adventure film starring Bruce Penhall , Mark Barriere and Suzi Simpson .
Who Was That Lady ? is a 1960 comedy film starring Tony Curtis , Dean Martin , and Janet Leigh .
Dr. Heckyl and Mr. Hype is a 1980 film directed by Charles B. Griffith , starring Oliver Reed and Sunny Johnson .
The Local Stigmatic is a film directed by David Wheeler and produced by and starring Al Pacino .
Ghost in the Noonday Sun is a 1973 British comedy film , directed by Peter Medak , starring Peter Sellers , Anthony Franciosa and Spike Milligan .
An Empress and the Warriors is a 2008 Chinese historical drama film directed by Ching Siu - tung and starring Donnie Yen , Kelly Chen , Leon Lai and Kou Zhenhai .
Enter the Ninja is a 1981 ninja action film directed by Menahem Golan and starring Franco Nero , Susan George , Christopher George , and Sho Kosugi .
The Devil 's Sword ( Indonesian : Golok Setan ) is a 1984 Indonesian sword and sorcery film directed by Ratno Timoer .
99 River Street is a 1953 film noir , starring John Payne , Evelyn Keyes , Brad Dexter , Frank Faylen , and Peggie Castle .
The Return of Frank James is a 1940 western film directed by Fritz Lang and starring Henry Fonda and Gene Tierney .
Eat Pray Love is a 2010 American romantic comedy - drama film starring Julia Roberts as Elizabeth Gilbert , based on Gilbert 's best - selling memoir of the same name .
Un rey en la Habana ( A king in Havana ) is a film produced in 2005 starring Alexis Valdés .
Three Stooges Fun - O - Rama is a 1959 feature - length Three Stooges compilation of several 1957 - 1959 Three Stooges shorts starring Moe Howard , Larry Fine , and Joe Besser .
The Million Pound Note ( released as Man with a Million and as Big Money in the U.S. ) is a 1954 British comedy , directed by Ronald Neame and starring Gregory Peck .
Emmanuel 's Gift is a 2005 documentary narrating the life of Emmanuel Ofosu Yeboah , a disabled man born in Ghana .
La Châtelaine du Liban is a 1934 French thriller film directed by Jean Epstein , starring Spinelly and Jean Murat .
Goubbiah , mon amour ( English : Goubbiah , my love ) is a French romance drama film from 1956 , directed by Robert Darène , written by René Barjavel , starring Jean Marais .
A Woman 's Story or The Story of One Woman ( Italian : La storia di una donna ) is a 1920 Italian silent drama film directed by Eugenio Perego and starring Pina Menichelli , Luigi Serventi and Livio Pavanelli .
Jagathy Jagadeesh in Town is a 2002 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Nissar , starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Jagadish in the lead role , both of them playing dual roles .
My Friend Barbara ( German : Meine Freundin Barbara ) is a 1937 German comedy film directed by Fritz Kirchhoff and starring Grethe Weiser , Paul Hoffmann and Ingeborg von Kusserow .
Gridiron Gang is a 2006 American sports drama film directed by Phil Joanou , and starring Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson , Xzibit , L. Scott Caldwell and Kevin Dunn .
Innocent Lies is a 1995 British - French thriller film directed by Patrick Dewolf and starring Stephen Dorff , Gabrielle Anwar , Adrian Dunbar and Joanna Lumley .
Phase 7 ( Spanish : Fase 7 ) is a 2010 Argentine science fiction black comedy film written and directed by Nicolas Goldbart and starring Daniel Hendler , Yayo Guridi , Jazmín Stuart and Federico Luppi .
War Hunt is a 1962 war film starring John Saxon , Robert Redford and Charles Aidman .
Assault of the Killer Bimbos is a 1988 American comedy film starring Elizabeth Kaitan , Christina Whitaker .
The Happiest Millionaire is a 1967 musical film starring Fred MacMurray and based upon the true story of Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle .
Casanova & Co. is a 1977 fictional period comedy film starring Tony Curtis .
Blackfellas stars John Moore , David Ngoombujarra , Jack Charles , John Hargreaves and Ernie Dingo .
This Filthy World is a one - man show / documentary film by John Waters concerning his origins in the trash genre and his successful career navigating Hollywood .
Fort Apache , The Bronx is a 1981 American Neo - noir crime drama film directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Paul Newman , Ken Wahl , Danny Aiello , Edward Asner , Rachel Ticotin , Kathleen Beller , Pam Grier , Clifford David and Miguel Piñero .
Eight Iron Men is a 1952 American World War II drama film directed by Edward Dmytryk and featuring Lee Marvin in a supporting role .
Thoonga Nagaram ( Tamil : தூங்கா நகரம் ; English : The city never sleeps ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil - language thriller - drama film written and directed by debutant Gaurav Narayanan , starring himself along with Vimal , Bharani , Nishanth and Anjali in the lead roles .
Malibu Express is a 1985 American action / adventure film starring Darby Hinton , Sybil Danning , Lori Sutton and Art Metrano .
Bain el Atlal ( Arabic : بين الأطلال‎ , English : Among the Ruins ) is a 1959 Egyptian romance film starring Faten Hamama and Emad Hamdy .
Happy Go Lovely is a 1951 British musical comedy film with Technicolor , directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Vera Ellen , David Niven , and Cesar Romero .
Take My Life is a 1947 British crime film directed by Ronald Neame and starring Hugh Williams , Greta Gynt and Marius Goring .
The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse is a 1938 American crime film starring Edward G. Robinson , Claire Trevor and Humphrey Bogart .
Show People is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by King Vidor .
Paanch ( Hindi : पाँच ; English : Five ) is an unreleased Indian crime thriller film written and directed by Anurag Kashyap and starring Kay Kay Menon , Aditya Srivastava , Vijay Maurya , Joy Fernandes and Tejaswini Kolhapure .
To Dorothy a Son is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Muriel Box and starring Shelley Winters , John Gregson and Peggy Cummins .
The Great Deception is a 1926 American silent film starring Basil Rathbone , Ben Lyon and Aileen Pringle .
The Great Man is a 1956 drama film directed by and starring José Ferrer , based on a novel by Al Morgan .
Every Saturday Night is a 1936 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and starring June Lang , Thomas Beck and Jed Prouty .
Special Studies Film II is a 2003 short film starring Sean Hall and Worm Miller that appears before the feature Hey , Stop Stabbing Me!.
They Were Sisters is a 1945 British melodrama film , directed by Arthur Crabtree for Gainsborough Pictures and starring James Mason and Phyllis Calvert .
Footsteps in the Fog is a 1955 British crime film starring Stewart Granger and Jean Simmons , with a screenplay co - written by Lenore Coffee and Dorothy Davenport , and released by Columbia Pictures .
Firelight is a 1997 period romance film written and directed by William Nicholson and starring Sophie Marceau and Stephen Dillane .
Although many well known and not so well known actors appeared in Soldier Soldier over the period it was broadcast , perhaps the best known are Robson Green and Jerome Flynn , who portrayed Fusilier Dave Tucker and Sergeant Paddy Garvey respectively .
King Creole is a 1958 American musical drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Elvis Presley , Carolyn Jones , and Walter Matthau .
Ana Horra also written Ana Hurra ( Arabic : أنا حرة‎ , English : I Am Free ) is a 1959 Egyptian drama starring Lobna Abdel Aziz .
Warlock Moon is a 1973 horror - thriller feature film starring Laurie Walters , Joe Spano and Edna MacAfee .
The Babe is a 1992 biographical drama film about the life of famed baseball player Babe Ruth , who is portrayed by John Goodman .
Against All Flags is a 1952 American pirate film starring Errol Flynn as Brian Hawke , Maureen O'Hara as Prudence `` Spitfire '' Stevens and Anthony Quinn as Roc Brasiliano .
Bharathan or Bharathan Effect is a 2007 Malayalam science fiction - thriller film written by Madhu Muttam , directed by Anil Das and starring Biju Menon in the title role .
Smashing Through is a 1929 British silent adventure film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring John Stuart , Eve Gray and Hayford Hobbs .
I Found Stella Parish is a 1935 melodrama starring Kay Francis as a beloved actress whose dark secret is revealed to the world .
Barah Aana stars Naseeruddin Shah , Tannishtha Chatterjee , Vijay Raaz and Arjun Mathur .
The Spider Woman ( alternatively titled Sherlock Holmes and the Spider Woman and Spider Woman ) is a 1944 mystery film starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson , the seventh of fourteen such films the pair were involved in .
To Noora with Love is a 2014 Malayalam romantic film directed by Babu Narayanan and produced by Mohammed Ansar under the banner of Don Bros. Mamta Mohandas , Krish J. Sathaar , Kanika and Archana Kavi play the lead roles in the film .
Saving My Hubby ( Hangul : 굳세어라 금순아 ; RR : Gudseura Geum - suna ; lit . `` Be Brave , Geum - soon ! '' ) is a 2002 South Korean film starring Bae Doona , and is the directorial debut of Hyun Nam - seop .
Vášnivý bozk ( also known as Vášnivý polibek ; `` Kiss of Passion '' ) is a 1995 Czecho - Slovak psychodrama , starring Jozef Kroner , Ivana Chýlková and Jiří Bartoška .
A Taste of Money is a 1960 British comedy film , from the Danzigers , directed by Max Varnel , and starring Jean Cadell , Dick Emery and Pete Murray .
Bart Got a Room is a 2008 comedy film written and directed by Brian Hecker , and stars Steven Kaplan , Alia Shawkat , William H. Macy , and Cheryl Hines .
Spy for Germany ( German : Spion für Deutschland ) is a 1956 West German thriller film directed by Werner Klingler and starring Martin Held , Nadja Tiller and Walter Giller .
Lower Learning is a 2008 American comedy film starring Jason Biggs , Eva Longoria , Rob Corddry , Ryan Newman , Monica Potter , and Andy Pessoa .
Father 's Doing Fine is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Henry Cass and starring Richard Attenborough , Heather Thatcher , Noel Purcell and Sid James .
Marrakech Express is a 1989 Italian film directed by Gabriele Salvatores and starring Diego Abatantuono , Fabrizio Bentivoglio , Cristina Marsillach , Giuseppe Cederna , and Gigio Alberti .
The Story of Joanna is a 1975 pornographic film starring Jamie Gillis and Terri Hall and directed by Gerard Damiano .
Her Father 's Silent Partner is a 1914 American drama film featuring Harry Carey .
Unforgiven is a 1992 American western film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood , who also starred in the lead role .
Their Night Out is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Harry Hughes and starring Claude Hulbert , Renee Houston and Gus McNaughton .
Livin ' It is a Christian themed skateboarding film directed by Stephen Baldwin .
The title song `` Where the Boys Are '' was sung by Connie Francis , who also co - starred in a supporting role .
Notebook on Cities and Clothes is a documentary film about Yohji Yamamoto directed by Wim Wenders .
Mickey Virus is produced by DAR Motion Pictures in association with Trilogic Digital Media Limited & Awesome Films Pvt . Ltd. The film features Manish Paul , Elli Avram , Manish Choudhary , Puja Gupta , and Varun Badola as main characters .
Mr. Gilfil 's Love Story is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and starring Robert Henderson Bland , Mary Odette and Peter Upcher .
Skinner 's Dress Suit is a 1926 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and starring Reginald Denny .
Anaswaram is a 1991 Malayalam movie directed by Jomon starring Mammootty and Shweta Menon in the lead roles .
Bodil Kjer - Elly Petersen Poul Reichhardt - Hjalmer Lilian Ellis - Nina Karl Gustav Ahlefeldt - Leif Faber Grethe Holmer - Lise Faber Betty Helsengreen - Agnes Irwin Hasselmann - Lauritsen Ib Schønberg - Hjalmars far Valdemar Skjerning
Changathipoocha ( Malayalam : ചങ്ങാതിപ്പൂച്ച ) is a 2007 Malayalam language romantic comedy film directed by debutant S. P. Mehesh , starring Jayasurya , Radhika and Ramya Nambeeshan in the lead roles .
Kandam Becha Kottu ( Malayalam : കണ്ടം ബെച്ച കോട്ട് , English : The Patched - up Coat ) is an Indian film in Malayalam language by T. R. Sundaram , starring Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Aranmula Ponnamma .
The Countess of Corfu ( Greek : Η Κόμησσα Της Κέρκυρας ) is a 1972 film starring Rena Vlahopoulou , Alekos Alexandrakis and Nonika Galinea .
40 Days and 40 Nights is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Michael Lehmann , written by Rob Perez and starring Josh Hartnett , Shannyn Sossamon and Paulo Costanzo .
Purampokku Engira Podhuvudamai is an Indian Tamil police procedural thriller film co - produced , written and directed by S. P. Jananathan , which stars Arya , Shaam , Vijay Sethupathi and Karthika Nair .
Bus Riley 's Back in Town is a 1965 film written by William Inge , directed by Harvey Hart , and starring Ann - Margret and Michael Parks .
The Melomaniac ( French : Le Mélomane ) is a 1903 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Sam 's Song is a 1969 drama film starring Robert De Niro .
Knight and Day is a 2010 American action spy romantic comedy film starring Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz .
Sex Is Zero ( Hangul : 색즉시공 ; RR : Saekjeuk shigong ) is a 2002 South Korean film written and directed by Yoon Je - kyoon , starring I m Chang - jung and Ha Ji - won .
Convention City is a 1933 American Pre - Code sex comedy film directed by Archie Mayo , and starring Joan Blondell , Guy Kibbee , Dick Powell , Mary Astor and Adolphe Menjou .
Fireworks International went into Cannes with Adventure Inc. , and with its star Michael Biehn worked the Croisette hard to promote the show .
Sherman 's Way is a comedy - drama independent film starring James LeGros , Enrico Colantoni , Lacey Chabert , Donna Murphy , Brooke Nevin , and Michael Shulman .
Tragic Night ( Italian : Tragica notte ) is a 1942 Italian drama film directed by Mario Soldati and starring Doris Duranti , Carlo Ninchi and Andrea Checchi .
I Live Again ( alternate title : Live Again ) is a 1936 British musical film directed by Arthur Maude and starring Noah Beery , Bessie Love , and John Garrick .
To End All Wars is a 2001 war film starring Robert Carlyle , Kiefer Sutherland and Sakae Kimura and directed by David L. Cunningham .
The House on Telegraph Hill is a 1951 American film noir directed by Robert Wise , and starring Richard Basehart , Valentina Cortese , and William Lundigan .
The Moonlighter is a 1953 3D Western film starring Barbara Stanwyck and Fred MacMurray .
Mr. Haney ( Pat Buttram ) is the oily , dishonest salesman who originally sold Oliver the Green Acres farm ( previously the Old Haney Place ) .
The New Godfathers ( Italian : I contrabbandieri di Santa Lucia ) is a 1979 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Alfonso Brescia .
Where the Pavement Ends is a 1923 American silent South Seas romance drama film directed by Rex Ingram on location in Cuba and starring his wife Alice Terry and Ramón Novarro as inter - ethnic lovers .
No Sad Songs for Me is a 1950 film directed by Rudolph Maté , featuring Margaret Sullavan in her last film role as a woman dying of cancer .
Colegas ( English : Pals ) is a 1982 Spanish film written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia and starring José Luis Manzano , Antonio Flores and Rosario Flores .
The first spin - off of Cheers , The Tortellis stars Dan Hedaya and Jean Kasem .
Doing Time for Patsy Cline is a 1997 Australian multi - award - winning film starring Miranda Otto , Richard Roxburgh , and Matt Day and directed by Chris Kennedy .
Hiam Abbass as Hind al - Husseini Freida Pinto as Miral Yasmine Al Masri as Nadia Ruba Blal as Fatima Alexander Siddig as Jamal Omar Metwally as Hani Willem Dafoe as Eddie Vanessa Redgrave as Bertha Spafford Stella Schnabel as Lisa Makram Khoury as Khatib Doraid Liddawi as Sameer Shredy Jabarin as Ali
Singham ( Hindustani pronunciation : ( sɪnɡʱəm ) `` Lion '' ) is a 2011 Indian action film directed by Rohit Shetty , starring Ajay Devgn in the title role alongside Kajal Aggarwal and Prakash Raj as the antagonist .
My Wife , the Impostor ( German : Meine Frau , die Hochstaplerin ) is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Kurt Gerron and starring Heinz Rühmann , Käthe von Nagy and Fritz Grünbaum .
Her Younger Sister is a 1914 American silent short film drama film directed by Frank Cooley starring Fred Gamble and Charlotte Burton .
In Order of Disappearance ( Norwegian : Kraftidioten ) is a 2014 Norwegian action - black comedy film directed by Hans Petter Moland and starring Stellan Skarsgård .
Names changed to Rose Baxter in a show called Absolutely Psychic but finally settling on Raven Baxter when actress Raven - Symoné won the lead part , with the show titled That 's So Raven . Symoné originally auditioned for the role of the best friend , Chelsea .
Laila Boonyasak as Buppah Rahtree Krit Sripoomseth as Ake Chompunoot Piyapane as Muay Sirisin Siripornsmathikul as Mrs. See Ampon Rattanawong as Maew Somlek Sakdikul as Master Tong
Six Hours to Lose ( French : Six heures à perdre ) is a French romance film from 1946 , directed by Alex Joffé , written by Alex Joffé and Jean Lévitte , starring André Luguet .
Three in the Attic is a 1968 movie , starring Christopher Jones and Yvette Mimieux , with Judy Pace and Maggie Thrett .
Ellam Un Kairasi is a Tamil film acted by Rajinikanth and directed by M. A. Thirumugam .
Two Seats at the Opera is a 1916 American silent short comedy directed and starring William Garwood .
Two Wives for Henry is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Garry Marsh , Dorothy Boyd and Jack Raine .
McQ is a 1974 neo - noir crime drama film directed by John Sturges , starring John Wayne .
Against the Sun is a 2014 American survival film written , produced and directed by Brian Falk and starring Garret Dillahunt , Tom Felton and Jake Abel ; the film was released to video on January 23 , 2015 .
Three Sinners ( 1928 ) is a silent film directed by Rowland V. Lee , starring Pola Negri , and co - starring Warner Baxter , Olga Baclanova , and Paul Lukas .
Jingle All the Way 2 is a 2014 American Christmas comedy film starring Larry the Cable Guy and Santino Marella and is a straight - to - video sequel to the 1996 film Jingle All the Way .
Portrait of a Call Girl is a 2011 American pornographic film starring Jessie Andrews , and directed and written by Graham Travis .
Magistrarna på sommarlov is a 1941 Swedish film directed by Schamyl Bauman and starring Alice Babs .
Gaja Gamini / Sangita / Shakuntala / Monika / Mona Lisa Tanvi Hegde - Baby Shakuntala Shabana Azmi --
Twelve Mile Road is a made - for - television film starring Tom Selleck that debuted on CBS in 2003 .
The Petty Girl ( 1950 ) , also known as Girl of the Year , is a musical romantic comedy Technicolor film starring Robert Cummings and Joan Caulfield .
Nicholas Saputra as Soe Hok Gie Jonathan Mulia as Young Soe Hok Gie Thomas Nawilis as Tan Tjin Han Christian Audi as Young Tan Tjin Han Sita Nursanti as Ira Wulan Guritno as Sinta Lukman Sardi as Herman Lantang
Spy Girl ( Hangul : 그녀를 모르면 간첩 ; RR : Geunyeoreul moreumyeon gancheop ; lit . `` Those Who Do n't Know Her Are Spies '' ) is a 2004 South Korean film starring Kim Jung - hwa and Gong Yoo .
Ladaai is a 1989 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Shivdasani , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Rekha , Dimple Kapadia , Mandakini , Aditya Pancholi , Gulshan Grover , Satish Shah , Shakti Kapoor , Anupam Kher , Archana Puran Singh and Rohini Hattangadi .
A Christmas Romance is a 1994 made - for - television Christmas film directed by Sheldon Larry and starring Olivia Newton - John and Gregory Harrison which premiered on CBS on December 18 , 1994 .
Happy Hell Night ( also known as Frat Night ) is a 1992 slasher film directed by Brian Owens and starring Darren McGavin and Nick Gregory .
Vober Hat ( Bengali : ভবের হাট ) is a Bangladeshi dramaserial written by Masum Reza and directed by Salauddin Lavlu .
The Odds Against Her is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Milton Rosmer , Edna Dormeuil and Lorna Della .
Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 romantic comedy film starring Dane Cook and Jessica Alba .
The Immortal Heart ( German : Das Unsterbliche Herz ) is a 1939 German drama film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Heinrich George .
Good Morning , Judge is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Jean Yarbrough and starring Dennis O'Keefe , Louise Allbritton and Mary Beth Hughes .
Cute Girl , also known as Lovable You , ( Chinese : 就是溜溜的她 ; pinyin : Jiùshì liūliū de tā ) is a 1980 movie directed by Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao - Hsien , starring Kenny Bee , Anthony Chan and Fong Fei Fei .
Three for All is a 1975 British comedy film directed by Martin Campbell and starring Adrienne Posta , Robert Lindsay , Paul Nicholas , Edward Woodward , Richard Beckinsdale and John Le Mesurier .
Becky Sharp is a 1935 American historical drama film directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Miriam Hopkins .
A Christmas Story 2 ( also known in the trailer as A Christmas Story 2 : Official Sequel ) is a 2012 film directed by Brian Levant and starring Braeden Lemasters .
The Best Years of Our Lives ( aka Glory for Me and Home Again ) is a 1946 American drama film directed by William Wyler and starring Myrna Loy , Fredric March , Dana Andrews , Teresa Wright , Virginia Mayo , and Harold Russell .
Enemies Closer is a 2013 American action thriller film directed and photographed by Peter Hyams , and starring Jean - Claude Van Damme , Tom Everett Scott and Orlando Jones .
The Gamma People is a 1955 Anglo - American science fiction film directed by John Gilling and starring Paul Douglas , Eva Bartok and Leslie Phillips .
Afraid of Nothing , the Jobless King is a 1999 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by Joe Ma and starring Gallen Lo and Gigi Leung .
Set in Melbourne , House Husbands stars Firass Dirani , Gyton Grantley , Rhys Muldoon and Gary Sweet as four fathers who stay at home to raise their children .
Vadakkumnadhan ( Malayalam : വടക്കുംനാഥന്‍ ) is a 2006 Malayalam drama film , directed by Shajoon Kariyal , written by Gireesh Puthenchery , starring Mohanlal , Padmapriya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles .
My Father and I ( Chinese : 我和爸爸 ; pinyin : Wǒ hé Bàba ) is a 2003 Mainland Chinese drama directed by actress Xu Jinglei in her directorial debut .
Police in Pollywood is a Punjabi film directed by Sunita Dhir , produced by Rajinder Gautam & Monika Gautam and starring Anuj Sachdeva , Bhagwant Mann , Raj Brar and Sardool Sikander .
Meet the Wife is a 1960s BBC situation comedy written by Ronald Chesney and Ronald Wolfe , which featured Freddie Frinton as Freddie Blacklock with Thora Hird as his tyrannical wife , Thora .
Straight Shooting is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey .
The Pumpkin Karver is a 2006 slasher film written by Robert Mann and Sheldon Silverstein , produced by Sheldon Silverstein and directed by Robert Mann , it stars Amy Weber , Minka Kelly , Terrence Evans and Charity Shea .
Balettan is a 2003 Malayalam film directed by V. M. Vinu and starring Mohanlal , Devayani , Harisree Ashokan , Innocent , Nedumudi Venu and Jagathy Sreekumar . The movie was the biggest hit of 2003 .
La vie promise is a 2002 French film directed by Olivier Dahan , written by Olivier Dahan and Agnès Fustier - Dahan , and starring by Isabelle Huppert , Pascal Greggory and Maud Forget .
A Challenge for Robin Hood is a 1967 British adventure film directed by C. M. Pennington - Richards and starring Barrie Ingham , Peter Blythe and John Arnatt .
Blondie Plays Cupid ( 1940 ) is a comedy movie starring Penny Singleton and Arthur Lake and directed by Frank R. Strayer .
In Search of Gregory is a 1969 American drama film directed by Peter Wood and starring Julie Christie .
Tarzan and the Valley of Gold ( 1966 ) is an adventure film starring Mike Henry in his debut as Tarzan .
Dove volano i corvi d'argento ( Italian for `` Where The Silver Crows Fly '' ) is a 1977 Italian crime - drama film written and directed by Piero Livi and starring Corrado Pani , Jenny Tamburi , Flavio Bucci and Renzo Montagnani .
Our Private World starred Eileen Fulton as Lisa Miller Hughes , the same heroine she had played on As the World Turns , as well as Nicolas Coster .
Singin ' in the Rain is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by Gene Kelly and Stanley Donen , starring Kelly , Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds , and choreographed by Kelly and Donen .
El Romance del Aniceto y la Francisca is a 1967 Argentine drama film co - written and directed by Leonardo Favio and starring Federico Luppi , Elsa Daniel and María Vaner .
Daaku Aur Jawan is a 1978 Bollywood film directed by and starring Sunil Dutt Sunil Dutt ...
True Heart is a 1997 American adventure film , starring Kirsten Dunst as Bonnie and Zachery Ty Bryan as Sam .
Trouble on the Corner is a 1997 Crime , Drama Film in which Tony Goldwyn plays Jeff Steward , a psychologist , takes good care of his patients mostly living in the same apartment .
The Miami Story is a 1954 American crime film directed by Fred F. Sears starring Barry Sullivan and Luther Adler .
A Thief Catcher is a one - reel 1914 American comedy film , produced by Mack Sennett for his Keystone film company , directed by Ford Sterling , and starring Sterling , Mack Swain , Edgar Kennedy , and Charles Chaplin as a policeman .
The Adventures of Prince Courageous , also known as The Little Defender , is a 1923 silent film starring Bessie Love and Arthur Trimble , directed by Frederick G. Becker .
Return to Me is a 2000 American romantic comedy - drama film directed by Bonnie Hunt and starring David Duchovny and Minnie Driver .
The Convicted ( German : Die Vorbestraften ) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Eugen Klöpfer , Margarete Schlegel and Albert Steinrück .
Praia do Futuro ( English : Futuro Beach ) is a 2014 Brazilian - German drama film directed by Karim Aïnouz , and starring Wagner Moura , Clemens Schick and Jesuita Barbosa .
Charley Varrick ( aka The Last of the Independents and Kill Charley Varrick ) is a 1973 crime film directed by Don Siegel and starring Walter Matthau , Andrew Robinson , Joe Don Baker and John Vernon .
Aval Viswasthayayirunnu is a 1978 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Jeassy , starring M. G. Soman , Vincent and Jayabharathi in lead roles .
Madhura Sangama ( Kannada : ಮಧುರ ಸಂಗಮ ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film directed by T. P. Venugopal , and stars Anant Nag , Ashok , Dwarakish and Udaykumar in the lead roles .
Ulli and Marei ( German : Ulli und Marei ) is a 1948 Austrian drama film directed by Leopold Hainisch and starring Eduard Köck , Attila Hörbiger and Ludwig Auer .
Me and My Gal is a 1932 American Pre - Code motion picture , drama and romantic comedy starring Spencer Tracy and Joan Bennett , directed by Raoul Walsh , and released by the Fox Film Corporation .
Murder in Greenwich Village is a 1937 American mystery film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Richard Arlen , Fay Wray and Raymond Walburn .
Tarzan 's Peril is a 1951 film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan and Virginia Huston as Jane , and featuring Dorothy Dandridge as `` Melmendi , Queen of the Ashuba . ''
Top Bet ( Chinese : 賭霸 Literal translation : Queen of Gambling ) is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau and Corey Yuen and starring Carol Cheng , Anita Mui and Ng Man - tat .
Sandy the Seal is a 1965 British family film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Heinz Drache , Marianne Koch and Gert Van den Bergh .
Sandra Milovanoff as Parisette Georges Biscot as Cogolin Fernand Herrmann as Le banquier Stephan Édouard Mathé as Pedro Alvarez René Clair as Jean Vernier Henri - Amédée Charpentier as Le père Lapusse Jeanne Rollette as Mélanie Parent ( as Jane Rollette ) Jane Grey as Mme .
Wife , Husband and Friend is a 1939 comedy film starring Loretta Young , Warner Baxter and Binnie Barnes in the three title roles , respectively .
Divorce His , Divorce Hers is a 1973 television film starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton .
Double Bang is an American dramatic film starring William Baldwin , Jon Seda , Adam Baldwin and written and directed by Heywood Gould .
The President 's Man is a made - for - TV action movie released in 2000 , and starring Chuck Norris and Dylan Neal .
... und sowas muß um acht ins Bett is a 1965 Austrian - West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Peter Alexander , Gitte Hænning and Ingeborg Schöner .
Desperate Hours stars Mickey Rourke , Anthony Hopkins , Mimi Rogers , Kelly Lynch , Lindsay Crouse , Elias Koteas and David Morse .
Bharya Athra Pora is a 2013 Malayalam family film , directed by Akku Akbar , starring Jayaram and Gopika in the lead roles .
The Final Test is a 1953 British sports film written by Terence Rattigan , directed by Anthony Asquith , and starring Jack Warner , Robert Morley , George Relph and Ray Jackson .
Rangula Ratnam is a Telugu movie directed by B. N. Reddy , starring Chandra Mohan , Vanisri and Anjali Devi , under the banner of Vahini pictures .
Up in the World is a 1956 comedy film starring Norman Wisdom , Maureen Swanson and Jerry Desmonde , directed by John Paddy Carstairs and produced by Rank .
The Intelligence Men is a 1965 comedy film starring the British comic duo Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise .
La señora del intendente ( The mayor 's wife ) is a 1967 Argentine comedy film directed by Armando Bó and starring Isabel Sarli and Pepe Arias .
Yaaruda Mahesh ( English : Who is Mahesh ) is a 2013 Tamil adult comedy film directed by R. Madhan Kumar , starring Sundeep Kishan and Dimple Chopade .
Arthana is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film , directed by IV Sasi and starring Murali , Priya Raman and Raadhika Sarathkumar in lead roles .
Dalagang Bukid is a story about a young flower vendor named Angelita ( Atang de la Rama ) , who is forced by her parents to marry a wealthy old man , Don Silvestre , despite her love for Cipriano , a law student .
Steel Toes is a 2006 film directed by David Gow and Mark Adam , and starring David Strathairn .
The White Masai ( German : Die weiße Massai ) , directed by Hermine Huntgeburth , is a 2005 film about a woman named Carola ( Nina Hoss ) falling in love in Kenya with Maasai Lemalian ( Jacky Ido ) .
Hot Summer Days is a 2010 Hong Kong romantic comedy film featuring an ensemble cast including Nicholas Tse , Jacky Cheung , Daniel Wu , Vivian Hsu , Barbie Hsu , Rene Liu , Angelababy and Jing Boran and also featuring a guest appearance by Maggie Cheung .
Autumn in My Heart ( Hangul : 가을동화 ; hanja : 가을童話 ; RR : Gaeul Donghwa ; also known as Autumn Fairy Tale or Autumn Tale ) is a 2000 South Korean romantic television drama , starring Song Seung - heon , Song Hye - kyo and Won Bin .
Sensational Janine features director Billian 's girlfriend Patricia Rhomberg in the title role .
Den store gavtyv is a 1956 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Dirch Passer .
The Movie Show on ITV2 is a weekly British television film review show on ITV2 , presented by James King .
Three Many Weddings ( Spanish : 3 bodas de más ) is a 2013 Spanish romantic comedy directed by Javier Ruiz Caldera and starring Inma Cuesta and Martiño Rivas .
The Treasurer 's Report ( 1928 ) is a comedy sketch , made into a short film , written and performed by Robert Benchley .
Stranger from Venus ( aka Immediate Disaster and The Venusian ) is a 1954 UK black - and - white science fiction film produced by Burt Balaban , Gene Martel , and Roy Rich , directed by Burt Balaban , and starring Patricia Neal and Helmut Dantine .
Liberated Hands or Freed Hands ( German : Befreite Hände ) is a 1939 German drama film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Brigitte Horney , Olga Tschechowa and Ewald Balser .
Double Harness ( 1933 ) is an American Pre - Code film starring Ann Harding and William Powell .
Collars and Cuffs is a 1923 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel .
Take Care of Amelia ( Italian : Occupati d’Amelia ) is a 1925 Italian silent comedy film directed by Telemaco Ruggeri and starring Pina Menichelli , Marcel Lévesque and Elena Lunda .
Every Breath U Take is 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Mae Czarina Cruz and starring Piolo Pascual and Angelica Panganiban .
Grahan ( English : Eclipse ) is a 2001 film directed by Shashilal Nair , starring Jackie Shroff , Manisha Koirala and Raghuvaran .
Sømand i knibe is a 1960 Danish family film directed by and starring Lau Lauritzen , Jr ..
Taxi 3 is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk .
The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend is a 1949 romantic comedy Western film starring Betty Grable and featuring Cesar Romero and Rudy Vallee .
Charlie Chan in Egypt is the eighth of sixteen 20th Century Fox Charlie Chan film starring Warner Oland in the title role .
Disco Singh is a 2014 Punjabi romance comedy film directed by Anurag Singh and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Surveen Chawla .
In the Grid was a British game show that aired on Five from 30 October 2006 to 2 February 2007 and was hosted by Les Dennis .
The Frozen Child ( Hungarian : A Megfagyott gyermek ) is a 1921 Hungarian silent drama film directed by Béla Balogh and starring Mária Szepes , Ferenc Szécsi , Anna Breznay and Viktor Galánthay .
When waiting alone fails , Ponette enlists the help of her school friend Ada ( Léopoldine Serre ) to help her become a `` child of God '' to hopefully convince God to return her mother .
Pale Rider is a 1985 American western film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood , who also stars in the lead role .
Reconvergence is a 2012 documentary film directed by Edward Tyndall featuring the lives and views of four characters : naturalist Eustace Conway , scientist Preston Estep , historian Waite Rawls , and poet Caleb Whitaker .
Dog Nail Clipper ( Finnish : Koirankynnen leikkaaja ) is a 2004 Finnish film directed by Markku Pölönen and starring Peter Franzén and Taisto Reimaluoto .
Delta Force 2 ( also known as Delta Force 2 : The Colombian Connection and Delta Force 2 : Operation Stranglehold ) is a 1990 action film , and a sequel to the Chuck Norris film The Delta Force ( 1986 ) , also starring Norris as Maj . Scott McCoy .
Charlie Chan and the Curse of the Dragon Queen is a 1981 film directed by Clive Donner that stars Peter Ustinov , Angie Dickinson and Lee Grant .
Trouble with the Curve is a 2012 sports - drama film directed by Robert Lorenz and starring Clint Eastwood , Amy Adams , Justin Timberlake , Matthew Lillard , and John Goodman .
The Beaver Trilogy ( 2001 ) is a documentary film directed by Trent Harris , featuring `` Groovin ' Gary '' , Sean Penn , Crispin Glover and co - starring Courtney Gains and Elizabeth Daily .
Big Bug Man is an American animated movie starring Brendan Fraser and Marlon Brando .
Yesterday 's Hero is a 1979 British film starring Ian McShane , Suzanne Somers ( in her film debut ) , Adam Faith , Paul Nicholas and Cary Elwes ( in his film debut ) .
Lost in Thailand is a 2012 Chinese comedy film directed and co - written by Xu Zheng and starring Xu Zheng , Wang Baoqiang , and Huang Bo .
Hvad vil De ha ' ? is a 1956 Danish comedy film directed by Jens Henriksen and Preben Neergaard and starring Dirch Passer .
The Corpse Vanishes is a 1942 American mystery and horror film starring Bela Lugosi , directed by Wallace Fox , and written by Harvey Gates .
Englandsfarere ( English : We Leave for England ) is a 1946 Norwegian war film directed by Toralf Sandø , starring Knut Wigert and Jørn Ording .
James Robertson Justice - Anton Muller Françoise Arnoul - Thérèse Étienne Muller Pierre Vaneck - Gottfried Muller Guy Decomble - Rothlisberger Georges Chamarat - Le Président de la Cour François Chaumette - Le procureur Roger Burckhardt - Le prêtre Pierre Collet - L'avocat Léonce Corne - Le notaire Erika Dentzler - Hedwige
Man Trouble is a 1992 romantic comedy starring Jack Nicholson and Ellen Barkin .
A Northern Affair is a 2014 Ghanaian Nigerian romantic drama film directed by Leila Djansi , and starring John Dumelo , Joselyn Dumas & Kofi Adjorlolo .
Dick Turpin 's Ride is a 1951 American adventure film directed by Ralph Murphy and starring Louis Hayward , Patricia Medina and Suzanne Dalbert .
I Wonder Who 's Killing Her Now ? ( original USA theatrical name Kill My Wife , Please ) is a 1975 black comedy movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern , and starring Bob Dishy and Joanna Barnes .
Houston , We 've Got a Problem is a 1974 television film about the Apollo 13 spaceflight , directed by Lawrence Doheny and starring Ed Nelson in the role of NASA Flight Director Gene Kranz .
Lady from Louisiana is a 1941 American disaster film starring John Wayne .
Adventure in the Night ( Spanish : Una aventura en la noche ) is a 1948 Mexican mystery film directed by Rolando Aguilar and starring Luis Aguilar , Miroslava and Susana Cora .
Phantom Raiders is a 1940 film starring Walter Pidgeon as Nick Carter .
Through the Neighbor 's Window is a 1913 American silent short comedy film directed by Lorimer Johnston starring Charlotte Burton , Edith Borella , Jean Durrell , Robert Grey and Billie West
The Lawless Rider is a 1954 American western black and white film directed by Yakima Canutt , starring Johnny Carpenter , Texas Rose Bascom and Frankie Darro , and marketed by United Artists .
Agent trouble is a 1987 French film directed by Jean - Pierre Mocky and starring Catherine Deneuve .
Heaven Is Never a Great Distance ( Persian title : Behesht door nist- Persian : بهشت دور نیست‎‎ ) is a 1969 Iranian Persian - genre dance Romantic film directed by Esmaeil Riahi and starring Mohammad Ali Fardin , Asadolah Yekta , Forouzan and Taghi Zohouri .
Jeeo Shaan Se is a 1997 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Talat Jani and produced by Pranlal Mehta , starring Dharmendra , Reena Roy , Ayub Khan and Monica Bedi Dharmendra appears in triple role .
Snehituda ... is a Telugu film directed by Satyam Bellamkonda starring Nani and Maadhavi Latha in the lead roles .
Hawthorne of the U.S.A. is a 1919 American silent comedy adventure film directed by James Cruze and starring Wallace Reid and Lila Lee .
Alvin Purple is an 1973 Australian comedy film starring Graeme Blundell , written by Alan Hopgood and directed by Tim Burstall .
Play - by - play announcer Dan Shulman joined color commentators Hershiser and Bobby Valentine as the new Sunday Night Baseball crew beginning in 2011 .
My Learned Friend is a 1943 British , black - and - white , comedy , farce , directed by Basil Dearden with regular collaborator Will Hay and starring Ronald Shiner as the Man in Wilson 's café , Will Hay as William Fitch and Charles Victor as `` Safety '' Wilson .
The Sixth Element is a 2006 surfing film and documentary directed by Justin MacMillan about Ross Clarke - Jones .
Mr. Brahmachari is a 2003 Indian film in malayalam language by Thulasidas starring Mohanlal and Meena Durairaj .
Prime Risk is a 1985 drama film directed by Michael Farkas and starring Lee Montgomery and Toni Hudson .
Waiting to Exhale is a 1995 American romantic drama film directed by Forest Whitaker ( in his feature film directorial debut ) and starring Whitney Houston and Angela Bassett .
Dream a Little Dream 2 is a 1995 direct - to - video American teen comedy film , starring Corey Feldman , Corey Haim , Robyn Lively and Stacie Randall .
Bramwell is a British television series starring Jemma Redgrave as Dr. Eleanor Bramwell , a woman challenging the domination of men in the medical establishment , who runs a free hospital for the poor in the East End of London , during the late Victorian era ( 1895 ) .
The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe ( 1991 ) is the filmed version of the one - woman stage show written by Jane Wagner and starring Lily Tomlin , which won the Drama Desk Award for Unique Theatrical Experience .
The New Adventures of Old Christine ( often shortened to simply Old Christine ) is an American television sitcom starring Julia Louis - Dreyfus as Christine Campbell , a middle - aged divorced mother who struggles to keep pace with those around her .
Ladies Who Do is a 1963 British comedy film starring Peggy Mount , Robert Morley and Harry H. Corbett .
My Big Break is a 2009 documentary film directed by Tony Zierra starring Wes Bentley , Tony Zierra , Brad Rowe , Chad Lindberg and Greg Fawcett .
Last of the Renegades ( German : Winnetou -- 2 . Teil and also known as Winnetou : Last of the Renegades ) is a 1964 German Western film directed by Harald Reinl and starring Lex Barker .
Lady by Choice is a 1934 American romantic drama film starring Carole Lombard as a fan dancer and May Robson as a homeless drunk who is asked to pose as the dancer 's mother for a publicity stunt , with unexpected consequences .
Bloody Beach ( Hangul : 해변으로 가다 ; RR : Haebyeoneuro gada ) is a 2000 South Korean horror film starring Kim Hyun - jung and Jae Hee .
The Fair Love ( Hangul : 페어 러브 ; RR : Pe - eo Reobeu ; lit . `` Fair Love '' ) is a 2010 South Korean romance film starring Ahn Sung - ki and Lee Ha - na .
The Beginning or the End ( 1947 ) is an American docudrama film about the development of the atomic bomb in World War II , directed by Norman Taurog , starring Brian Donlevy and Hume Cronyn , and released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer ( MGM ) .
Panic 5 Bravo is an action - thriller film directed by Kuno Becker about American paramedics that become trapped on the Mexican side of the border and terrorized by a violent psychopath .
Peter the Pirate ( German : Pietro der Korsar ) , also known in English as The Sea Wolves , is a 1925 German silent historical adventure film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Paul Richter , Aud Egede Nissen and Rudolf Klein - Rogge .
Vertical Limit is a 2000 American survival thriller film directed by Martin Campbell and starring Chris O'Donnell , Bill Paxton , Robin Tunney and Scott Glenn .
Confessions of a Porn Addict is a 2008 Canadian mockumentary comedy film directed by Duncan Christie starring Spencer Rice and Mark Breslin .
Deadful Melody is a 1994 Hong Kong fantasy wuxia film directed and produced by Ng Min Kan , starring Brigitte Lin , Yuen Biao , and Carina Lau .
The Amazing Mr. Williams is a 1939 film starring Melvyn Douglas as a police officer who is too busy solving crimes to spend much time with his frustrated fiancee , played by Joan Blondell .
My Fellow Americans is a 1996 American comedy film starring Jack Lemmon and James Garner as feuding ex - presidents .
Messalina vs. the Son of Hercules ( Italian : L'ultimo gladiatore , French : Hercule contre les mercenaires , also known as Messalina Against the Son of Hercules and The Last Gladiator ) is a 1964 Italian - French peplum film written and directed by Umberto Lenzi and starring Richard Harrison and Lisa Gastoni .
Trottie True is a 1949 British musical comedy film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Jean Kent , James Donald and Hugh Sinclair .
Kalicharan is a 1976 Indian action drama film directed by Subhash Ghai and starring Shatrughan Sinha , Reena Roy , Ajit , Danny Denzongpa , Madan Puri and Premnath .
... tick ... tick ... tick ... was the penultimate film appearance of screen legend Fredric March .
The Woman on Pier 13 is a 1949 American film noir drama directed by Robert Stevenson , and featuring Laraine Day , Robert Ryan and John Agar .
William Drew Robeson I ( July 27 , 1844 -- May 17 , 1918 ) was the father of Paul Robeson and the minister of Witherspoon Street Presbyterian Church in Princeton , New Jersey from 1880 to 1901 .
By his wife Sigyn , Loki is the father of Narfi and/or Nari .
Pauline LaFon Gore ( October 6 , 1912 -- December 15 , 2004 ) was the mother of former United States Vice President Al Gore and the wife of former US Senator Al Gore , Sr ..
Odysseus eventually gave the armor to Neoptolemus , the son of Achilles .
He was a great - grandson of Noah 's son Shem and the father of Peleg born when Eber was 34 years old , and of Joktan .
Daišan ( 43 years old ) , Amin ( son of Nurhaci 's brother Šurhaci ; 40 or 41 ) , Manggūltai ( 38 or 39 ) , and Huangtaiji himself ( 33 ) .
Anna Jantar - Kukulska ( born Anna Maria Szmeterling ; 10 June 1950 -- 14 March 1980 ) was a Polish singer and the mother of singer Natalia Kukulska .
Win Aung 's son , Thaung Su Nyein , is CEO of Seven Days News , a widely read journal in Myanmar .
Töregene Khatun ( also Turakina ) ( 1242 - -1246 ) was the Great Khatun and regent of the Mongol Empire from the death of her husband Ögedei Khan in 1241 until the election of her eldest son Güyük Khan in 1246 .
Khun Sirikitiya Jensen ( born 18 March 1985 ) While Ubolratana Rajakanya Jensen remained in the U.S. , her mother Queen Sirikit and other members of the Royal Family often flew to the United States for visits .
James J. Nash ( 1875-June 11 , 1927 ) was a soldier serving in the United States Army during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Brigadier General and Brevet Major General Henry Goddard Thomas ( April 5 , 1837 -- January 23 , 1897 ) was a Union general in the American Civil War .
William Scott Ketchum ( 1813 - -1871 ) , U. S. Army officer before and during the American Civil War .
Alex Lees ( 11 July 1911 -- 22 April 2009 ) was a British World War II veteran , who , as a POW , took part in planning the Great Escape .
Lieutenant Robert MacIntyre Gordon ( 30 September 1899 -- 19 April 1983 ) was a Glasgow - born seventeen - year - old World War I flying ace .
USS Gladiolus ( 1864 ) was a steamship acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Fidel Dávila Arrondo ( 24 April 1878 -- 22 March 1962 ) was a Spanish Army officer during the Spanish Civil War .
William Harrow ( November 14 , 1822 -- September 27 , 1872 ) was an Indiana lawyer and a controversial Union general in the American Civil War .
Jean - Baptiste Hamelin ( August 9 , 1733 -- September 23 , 1804 ) was a French Canadian soldier who fought on the U.S. side of the American Revolutionary War , serving in Moses Hazen 's 2nd Canadian Regiment of the Continental Army .
Isaac Ferdinand Quinby ( January 29 , 1821 -- September 18 , 1891 ) was a U.S. soldier and Union general during the American Civil War .
During the American Civil War , Peter John Sullivan took a very active part in organizing several Ohio volunteer regiments and went to the scene of action as colonel of the 48th Ohio Infantry .
John Edward Sharman , DSC and Bar and Croix de guerre ( 11 September 1892 -- 22 July 1917 ) was a Canadian Flying Ace in World War I credited with 8 victories .
Major General Sir Henry Havelock KCB ( 5 April 1795 -- 24 November 1857 ) was a British general who is particularly associated with India and his recapture of Cawnpore from rebels during the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
Rufus Putnam ( April 9 , 1738 -- May 4 , 1824 ) was a colonial military officer during the French and Indian War , and a general in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War .
William d'Aubigny , 3rd Earl of Arundel , also called William de Albini IV , ( before 1180 -- 1 February 1221 ) was an English nobleman , a favourite of King John , and a participant in the Fifth Crusade .
Alberto Bayo y Giroud ( 1892 in Camagüey -- 1967 in Havana ) was a Cuban military leader of the defeated left - wing Loyalists in the Spanish Civil War .
Henry J. Muller , Jr. ( born 1917 ) is a retired American soldier who served during World War II in the United States Army with the 11th Airborne Division between 1944 and 1945 .
Solomon Meredith ( May 29 , 1810 -- October 2 , 1875 ) was a prominent Indiana farmer , politician , and lawman who was a controversial Union Army general in the American Civil War .
James Langley Dalton VC ( 1833 -- 7 January 1887 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces for service at the Battle of Rorke 's Drift during the Anglo - Zulu War .
Sir Thomas Adams , 6th Baronet ( bpt . 17 February 1738 -- April 1770 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy who served during the Seven Years ' War .
Johnno Stuntz ( born 1884 - -1917 ) was an Australian pioneer rugby league footballer and soldier who served in World War I and died on the Western Front .
Gaspard Amédée Gardanne ( 24 April 1758- 14 August 1807 ) was a French general who fought in the Napoleonic Wars .
Harold Leslie Edwards DFC MM ( 28 April 1893 -- 15 June 1951 ) was a Canadian World War I flying ace gunner , who in conjunction with his pilots , was officially credited with 21 victories .
Karl August Nerger ( 25 February 1875 -- 12 January 1947 ) was a naval officer of the Imperial German Navy in World War I , who achieved fame and recognition during the war for his command of the auxiliary cruiser SMS Wolf .
Mladen Bratić ( Serbian : Младен Братић ) was a Serbian war commander during the Battle of Vukovar with the rank of major general .
During World War I , Dent McSkimming served as a pharmacist 's mate on a Navy gunboat .
Abner Monroe Perrin ( February 2 , 1827 -- May 12 , 1864 ) was a Confederate general in the Army of Northern Virginia during the American Civil War .
Tenente Giovanni Sabelli was an Italian World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories .
Hans - Heinrich Koenig ( 23 July 1920 -- 24 May 1944 ) was a World War II German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , an award conferred in recognition of extreme battlefield bravery or distinguished military leadership .
Josef Fözö was credited with 27 aerial victories in his career , 3 in the Spanish Civil War and 24 in World War II , including 9 on the Eastern Front .
Brigadier General John Stricker ( 1758 - -1825 ) was a Maryland state militia officer who fought in both the American Revolutionary War in the First Maryland Regiment of the famous `` Maryland Line '' of the Continental Army and in the War of 1812 .
Harold John Ellison ( 17 January 1917 - 4 June 1942 ) was a naval aviator and member of Torpedo Squadron 8 , the whole of which was lost during the Battle of Midway .
Fritz Feßmann ( 25 December 1913 -- 11 October 1944 ) was a German officer serving during World War II and recipient of the coveted Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords .
Robert Leamy Meade ( December 25 , 1842 -- February 11 , 1910 ) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the American Civil War , Spanish--
Rear - Admiral Sir George Johnstone Hope , KCB ( 6 July 1767 -- 2 May 1818 ) was a British naval officer , who served with distinction in the Royal Navy throughout the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , including service at the Battle of Trafalgar .
Nicholas Longworth Anderson ( April 22 , 1838 -- September 18 , 1892 ) was a United States Army officer who served in the American Civil War as Colonel of the 6th Ohio Volunteer Infantry .
Elias Dayton ( May 1 , 1737 -- October 22 , 1807 ) led a New Jersey regiment during the American Revolutionary War and became a brigadier general .
Thomas Connor ( 1842 -- Unknown ) was a U.S. sailor stationed aboard the USS Minnesota during the American Civil War .
Hauptmann Friedrich Marnet ( 22 January 1882 -- 3 October 1915 ) was a German World War I Pilot .
Agustín Aznar Gerner ( 18 August 1911 -- 2 May 1984 ) was a Spanish medical doctor , political activist with the Falange and a leading figure during the Spanish Civil War .
Akio Matsuba ( Japanese : 松場 秋夫 ) was an officer and ace fighter pilot in the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during the Second Sino - Japanese War and the Pacific theater of World War II . Matsuba was officially credited with destroying a total of 18 enemy aircraft in aerial combat .
Otto Carius ( 27 May 1922 -- 24 January 2015 ) was a German tank ace within the German Army who fought during World War II and was credited with destroying more than 150 tanks .
John Stewart , Earl of Buchan ( c. 1381 -- 17 August 1424 ) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier who fought alongside Scotland 's French allies during the Hundred Years War .
Charles Shambaugh ( August 25 , 1839 -- October 13 , 1913 ) was born in Prussia and was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who received America 's highest military decoration the Medal of Honor for his actions at the Battle of Charles City Crossroads .
Heinrich Hogrebe ( 22 June 1913 -- 25 June 1998 ) was a highly decorated Oberstleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
USS Home ( 1862 ) was a large steamship purchased by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Dixie Kiefer ( April 5 , 1896 -- November 11 , 1945 ) was a United States Navy officer who served during World War II as Executive Officer of USS Yorktown and commanding officer of USS Ticonderoga .
Leutnant Ernst Hess HOH IC was a World War I flying ace credited with 17 confirmed and four unconfirmed aerial victories .
Ferdinand Van Derveer ( February 27 , 1823 -- November 5 , 1892 ) was a lawyer and a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Captain Horace Percy Lale ( 8 April 1886 -- 5 April 1955 ) , Distinguished Service Order , Distinguished Flying Cross with Bar , was a British World War I flying ace credited with 23 victories .
William Terry Badham was a World War I fighter ace credited with five victories .
Pietro Maletti ( 24 May 1880 -- 9 December 1940 ) was an Italian military officer who participated in World War I , the subjugation of Italian North Africa , the Second Italo - Abyssinian War , and World War II . He was killed in action during the early stages of the North Africa Campaign .
In 1988 , the Alamo Scouts were individually awarded the Special Forces Tab in recognition for their services in World War II and are included in the lineage of the current United States Army Special Forces .
Enos D. Hopping ( 1805 -- September 1 , 1847 ) was a brigadier general in the United States Army during the Mexican - American War .
Lieutenant ( later Commandant ) Maurice Arnoux ( 7 September 1895 -- 6 June 1940 ) was a World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories .
HMAS Doomba was a Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) warship of World War II . Built for the Royal Navy around the end of World War I as the Hunt - class minesweeper HMS Wexford , the ship only saw two years of service before she was decommissioned in 1921 and sold to the Doomba Shipping Company .
USS Howell Cobb ( 1861 ) was a schooner acquired on an emergency temporary basis by the Union Navy from the U.S. Coast Survey during the start of the American Civil War .
Niepoczołowice ( ɲɛpɔt͡ʂɔwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tulyholove ( Ukrainian : Тулиголове ; Polish : Tuligłowy ) is a village in the Horodok Raion ( district ) of Lviv Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Chungmuro refers to an avenue 1.75 km in length and 10 - 20 m in width and the area nearby , located in Jung - gu , central Seoul of South Korea .
Bo'ame ( Somali : Boocame ) is an ancient town in the northern Sool region of Somalia , the capital of Bo'ame district which includes the small towns of Karin - gorfood , Fardhidin , Dan - Gudban , Caleeli , Buura - wadal and Garaca Dacare and Biriqodayaga .
Hrvatska Dubica is a village and a municipality in central Croatia in the Sisak - Moslavina county .
The Monastery of Bonaval ( Spanish : Monasterio de Bonaval ) is a monastery located in Retiendas , Spain .
Niur is an island in Riau province close to the east coast of Sumatra island , Indonesia .
Forschungsreaktor 2 ( FR2 ) ( Research Reactor 2 ) was the second nuclear reactor built in and by Germany after restrictions on nuclear research imposed as a result of the Second World War were lifted in 1955 .
Brzozówka - Kolonia ( bʐɔˈzufka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Parkan - e Gishu ( Persian : پركان گيشو‎ , also Romanized as Parkān - e - Gīshū and Parkān Gīshū ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , Ruydar District , Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Marcelina Vahekeni ( born in 1990 ) is an Angolan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Angola 2011 and represented her country in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant .
Ahmed Tidiane Souaré ( born 1951 ) is a Guinean political figure who was the Prime Minister of Guinea from May 2008 to December 2008 , when he was replaced by Kabine Komara following a military coup d'état .
Hans Frauenlob ( born November 22 , 1960 ) is a New Zealand curler originally from Barrie , Ontario .
Licenciado José María Silva ( c. 1804 , San Miguel , El Salvador -- October 16 , 1876 , San Miguel ) was a Liberal Salvadoran politician .
Fabio Civitelli ( born 9 April 1955 , Lucignano ) is an Italian comic artist best known for illustrating stories for Tex Willer , a popular comic in Italy .
Jean - François Houbigant ( 21 December 1752 -- 22 October 1807 ) was a French perfumer who founded the second oldest perfumery in France .
Alfred Ter - Mkrtychyan ( Armenian : Ալֆրէդ Տէր-Մկրտչյան , born March 19 , 1971 in Yerevan , Armenian SSR ) is a former Armenian Greco - Roman wrestler for the Soviet Union and later Germany .
Abbey McCulloch ( born 12 February 1990 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian netballer .
Cristina Llovera Rossell ( born 1 October 1996 in Andorra la Vella , Andorra ) is an Andorran runner .
Cao Yupeng ( Chinese : 曹宇鹏 ; pinyin : Cáo Yǔpéng ; born October 27 , 1990 in Guangzhou ) is a professional snooker player from the People 's Republic of China .
Zoltán Joó was born in 1956 and has lived in Budapest and in a nearly small town , Veresegyház , Hungary .
Linnar Viik is a member of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology governing board , member of Advisory Board of Nordic Investment Bank , member of the Research and Development Council of Estonia , Chairman of the Board of the Open Estonia Foundation .
Major Muhammad Akram ( Urdu : محمد اکرم ; c. 1938 - -1971 ) , was a Pakistan Army officer who was posthumously awarded Pakistan military 's highest decoration , the Nishan - e - Haider , for his actions during the 1971 Indo - Pak War .
Damien Dempsey ( born in Donaghmede , Dublin ) is an Irish singer and songwriter who mixes traditional Irish folk with contemporary lyrics to deliver social comment on the positive and negative aspects arising from Ireland 's Celtic Tiger society .
Martín Mondragón ( born November 11 , 1953 ) is a retired long - distance runner from Mexico , who won the 1988 edition of the Los Angeles Marathon .
George Edgecumbe ( 4 January 1845 - -11 March 1930 ) was a New Zealand newspaper proprietor and businessman .
Yuriy Zorin ( Russian : Юрий Зорин ; born September 4 , 1947 ) is a former Russian athlete who participated in world athletics representing the Soviet Union in the late 1960s and 1970s .
M. N. Govindan Nair ( 10 December 1910 - -1984 ) , popularly known as MN , was born in Pandalam , in Pathanamthitta District , India .
Artur Adson was a surveyor , journalist and theater critic in Estonia and Russia .
Rudolf Senti ( born 4 January 1898 , date of death unknown ) was a Liechtenstein sports shooter .
Dani Kouyaté ( born June 4 , 1961 ) is a film director and griot from Burkina Faso , which BBC describes as `` Africa 's most important film - making country '' .
Renat Mirzaliyev ( born 24 March 1982 ) is an ethnic Azerbaijani judoka from Ukraine .
Philippe Bianconi ( born in Nice , France on 27 March 1960 ) is a French pianist .
Active in the Boy Scouts of Canada for many years , in 1969 William Tetley was awarded the Boy Scouts of Canada Medal .
Tracey Hannah ( born 13 June 1988 in Cairns , Australia ) is a Professional Downhill bike rider and Mick Hannah little sister .
Kathaleeya McIntosh ( Thai : คัทลียา แมคอินทอช ) ( also known as Mam ) ( born November 10 , 1972 in Bangkok , Thailand ) , is a Thai actress and a television host in a popular talkshow , Samakhom Chomdao .
Li Chengpeng ( Chinese : 李承鹏 ; pinyin : Lǐ Chéngpéng ) ( born September 22 , 1968 ) is a prominent writer and social critic in the People 's Republic of China .
Oktawia Kawęcka ( born 1985 in Radom , Poland ) is a vocalist , flautist , arranger , and also the leader of her own band .
Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi ( Urdu : احمد رضاخان بریلوی‎ , Hindi : अहमद रज़ा खान , 14 June 1856 CE or 10 Shawwal 1272 AH - 28 October 1921 CE or 25 Safar 1340 AH ) , also known as Ala'Hazarat , was a Muslim scholar , Sufi , and reformer in British India .
Wahyudi ( born on April 4 , 1978 in Kediri , East Java ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently work for Persik Kediri as assistant coach in the Indonesia Super League .
Mosaraf Ali ( born 1953 in Calcutta , India ) is a physician trained in both Western and Indian medicine , and is a proponent of integrated medicine .
Graciela Figueroa is a dancer and choreographer from Uruguay .
Marina Erakovic ( Croatian : Marina Eraković pronounced ( ɛraːkoʋitɕ ) ) ( born 6 March 1988 ) is a professional tennis player from New Zealand .
Miriam Barr ( born 1982 ) is a New Zealand page and performance poet .
Jochen Hippel ( born October 14 , 1971 ) is a musician from Kirchheimbolanden in southwest Germany .
Adèle Hugo was raised in a cultured , affluent home in Paris , the youngest child of Adèle ( née Foucher ) and Victor Hugo , France 's most famous writer .
Mattias Flink ( born March 8 , 1970 ) is a Swedish spree killer who killed seven people on June 11 , 1994 , in Falun , Sweden .
Adewale Ayuba popularly known as Ayuba , Mr. Johnson and the Bonsue - fuji maestro was born May 6 , 1966 in Ikenne Remo , Ogun State Nigeria .
Shinichi Katoh ( 加藤 伸一 , born July 19 , 1965 in Kurayoshi , Tottori , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball pitcher .
Ludger Stühlmeyer ( born October 3 , 1961 in Melle , Germany ) is a German cantor , composer , docent and musicologist .
Anton Sluka is a paralympic athlete from Slovakia competing mainly in category B3 marathon events .
Harold Gladstone Miller ( 15 May 1898 - -4 March 1989 ) was a notable New Zealand lecturer , librarian and writer .
Maravarman Sundara Pandyan I ( Tamil : முதலாம் மாறவர்மன் சுந்தர பாண்டியன் ) was a Pandyan king , who ruled regions of South India between 1216 - -1238 CE . He laid the foundation for the Pandya revival , after being dominated by the Cholas for several centuries .
Jovan Avakumović ( 1 January 1841 -- 3 August 1928 ) was a lawyer , politician , and Prime Minister of Serbia .
Jessica Mila ( born in Langsa , Aceh , on August 3 , 1992 ) is a model and actress of Indonesia .
Manuel Carvalho da Silva ( born 2 November 1948 in Viatodos , Barcelos , Portugal ) is a Portuguese sociologist , professor and former General Secretary of the General Confederation of the Portuguese Workers ( CGTP - IN ) .
Juan Escarré Urueña ( born February 23 , 1969 in Alicante ) is a Spanish field hockey player , who competed for Spain in three Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 , when he captured the silver medal with his national side .
Alberico Gentili was born into a noble family in the town of San Ginesio , Macerata , Italy .
Matakite John Chong Nee , better known by his stage name Chong Nee , is a New Zealand hip hop and R&B singer - songwriter and producer .
Fabio Sakaj was born in Alatri , a comune of province of Frosinone in the Italian region of the Lazio , to Albanian parents originally from Lezhë , Albania .
Deborah Coddington ( born 5 February 1953 ) is a New Zealand journalist and former ACT New Zealand politician .
Keith Blair ( born 31 March 1976 , Trelawny Parish , Jamaica ) , better known by the stage name Anthony B , is a Jamaican deejay and member of the Rastafari movement .
Efat Ghazi ( Persian : عفت قاضی‎‎ , born 2 November 1935 -- died 6 September 1990 ) was a Kurdish refugee from Iran who was killed by a letter bomb in Västerås , Sweden , in 1990 .
Gary Prohm is a New Zealand former rugby league player and coach who represented his country , including in matches that counted towards the 1988 World Cup .
Emperor Nijō ( 二条天皇 Nijō - tennō ) ( July 31 , 1143 -- September 5 , 1165 ) was the 78th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Edwin Keith Russack OAM ( 2 April 1918 -- 26 February 1999 ) , known as Keith Russack , was a politician in the State of South Australia .
Aleksa Asanovic is professor of cello and solo cellist , teacher , conductor , director and founder of the first school of music for strings in Montenegro .
Esmond Samuel de Beer ( 15 September 1895 - -3 October 1990 ) was a New Zealand scholar , editor , collector , bibliophile and philanthropist .
Rea Mauranen ( born 25 April 1949 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish television actress who has appeared in several Finnish films .
Drew Henry ( born 24 November 1968 in Cambuslang , Scotland ) is a former Scottish professional snooker player , who spent five seasons in the top 32 in the rankings in his career , peaking at # 18 .
François de la Chaise ( August 25 , 1624 -- January 20 , 1709 ) was a French Jesuit priest , the father confessor of King Louis XIV of France .
Ni Yulan ( born 1960 ) is a civil rights lawyer in the People 's Republic of China .
Cyril Hammond Elgee ( 18 October 1871 -- 17 August 1917 ) was a British colonial administrator in Nigeria , based in Ibadan at the time when the basic colonial institutions were being established .
Eldridge Rojer ( born 13 March 1984 in Willemstad , Curaçao in the former Netherlands Antilles ) is a Dutch footballer of Curaçaoan descent who plays as a winger for WKE in the Dutch Topklasse .
Cherubino Cornienti ( March 25 , 1816 -- May 12 , 1860 ) was an Italian painter , active in a Romantic style mainly in Northern Italy .
Beenie Man had his first number one single in Jamaica in 1993 with `` Matie '' ( Produced by Ephraim Barrett , Donovan and Dave Mills on the Shelly Power Records label ) and he won the DJ of the Year Award the same year , the first of eight consecutive awards .
Hetty Naaijkens - Retel Helmrich ( Dutch born 1955 , Bandoeng ) raised in the Netherlands , is the director of Scarabeefilms ( Netherlands ) .
Eevi Huttunen , married name Pirinen ( 23 August 1922 -- 3 December 2015 ) , was a speed skater from Finland .
Dario Frigo ( born September 18 , 1973 in Saronno , Italy ) is a former professional road bicycle racer .
Jens Semjan ( born 13 February 1979 in Ulm , Germany ) is a conceptual artist and communication and media theorist .
In 1980 , El Mundo de Luis de Alba became one of the first Televisa television series to use electronic graphics in its credits , as one of Mexico 's first character generators was installed at Televisa San Angel , where the program as taped .
Miša Molk ( born September 6 , 1954 , in Vrhnika ) is an award - winning journalist and television personality based in Slovenia .
Rolandas Kazlas was born in 1969 in Molėtai town , Lithuania .
Giuseppe Di Cristina ( April 22 , 1923 -- May 30 , 1978 ) was a powerful mafioso from Riesi in the province of Caltanissetta , Sicily , southern Italy .
Sergio Gonella ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsɛrdʒo ɡoˈnɛlla ) ; born 23 May 1933 , in Asti , Italy ) is an Italian businessman ( Bank Manager ) and a noted football referee .
Felix Rácz ( born 1973 in Satu Mare , Romania ) is the founder of Felix Promotion , a sports and television promotional firm .
Andrzej Janikowski ( 1799 - -1864 ) was a Polish physician and professor of theoretical surgery at the University of Warsaw , a pioneer of forensic medicine in Poland of the nineteenth century .
José María Gatica ( 25 May 1925 -- 12 November 1963 ) was an Argentine boxer , one of Argentina 's most famous sports idols .
Louis Antoine de Saint - Just was born at Decize in the former Nivernais province of central France .
Peer Åström ( born 1972 in Ljusdal , Sweden ) is a Swedish composer , lyricist , musician and record producer and partner with Anders Bagge .
Simo Vuorilehto , titled Vuorineuvos ( born August 8 , 1930 , in Savonlinna , Finland ) , is a Finnish businessman and the former chairman and CEO of Nokia Corporation .
Jean - Jacques Laffont was diagnosed with cancer in autumn 2002 and died of the disease at his home in Colomiers in the Haute Garonne region of southern France on May 1 , 2004 .
Pierre Bordage is one of France 's best - selling science fiction writers .
Ralf Pittelkow ( born April 9 , 1948 , in Sønderborg , Denmark ) is a frequent commentator in both radio and television .
Victor Vechersky ( born 15 August 1958 Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union , in present - day Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian architect .
Joan Lino Martínez Armenteros ( born January 11 , 1978 in La Habana , Cuba ) is a Spanish athlete .
Jan Hermansson ( born 1942 ) is one of the very first aikido pioneers in Sweden , the only one from that generation of practitioners who still practices aikido , and a respected aikido practitioner in the country .
K. K. S. S. R. Ramachandran ( generally known as Sattur Ramachandran ) was the Minister for Backward Classes between 2006 and 2011 in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly , India .
In 1990 Harald Burger was naturalized in Switzerland .
Șerban Cantacuzino ( 1640 - -1688 ) was a Prince of Wallachia between 1678 and 1688 .
Donny Imam Priambodo was born in a small town called Jombang in East Java , Indonesia .
Baba Saad was born in Lebanon , but came to Germany in 1994 .
Bahador Abdi ( Persian : بهادر عبدی‎‎ , born on 1 May 1984 in Tehran ) is an Iranian football Midfielder who currently plays for Rah Ahan in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Milivoje Vitakić ( born 16 May 1977 in Čačak , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Grenoble Foot 38 in the French Ligue 2 , after departing Lille OSC under freedom of contract .
Murdoch Dryden is a New Zealand rower .
Taking advantage of his trip to Peru where he planned to study the ayahuasca , Ginsberg was able to interview Martín Adán .
Sibongile Khumalo was born in Soweto in Johannesburg , South Africa , and guided by her father , Khabi Mngoma , a professor of music , she studied violin , singing , drama and dance .
Omar Kabbaj is advisor to King Mohammed VI of Morocco since 22 June 2006 .
Per Axel Rydberg was born in Odh , Västergötland , Sweden and emigrated to the United States in 1882 .
Lobsang Wangyal ( བློ་བཟང་། དབང་རྒྱལ། ; born 1970 ) is a photojournalist and events producer , based in McLeod Ganj , Dharamshala , India .
Leongino Unzaim ( 16 May 1925 - date of death unknown ) is a former football striker from Paraguay .
Nirupama Mankad is the daughter of G. Vasant , a leading tennis player in India in his time .
Except for the years 1940 - -1945 during the German occupation of Norway , Leif Iversen held the mayor post until 1965 , when Nord - Vågsøy was merged with Sør - Vågsøy to create the new municipality Vågsøy .
Nycasius de Clibano ( also Nicasius , Casijn ) ( fl . 1457 -- 1497 ) was a Franco - Flemish singer and composer of the Renaissance , probably active only in his homeland , the southern part of the Netherlands .
Stewart Murray Wilson ( born 11 December 1946 ) was born and raised in Timaru , New Zealand .
James Anderson McPherson ( 3 June 1900 - -18 February 1980 ) was a New Zealand horticulturist , horticultural administrator and writer .
Air Vice Marshal Monday Riku Morgan is a Nigerian Airforce officer who heads the Defence Intelligence Agency of Nigeria .
Sandra Keith ( born December 11 , 1980 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is an Olympic Games biathlete for Team Canada .
Alicia Endemann ( born 15 December 1988 , Hamburg ) is a German actress , beauty queen and model she was represented Germany in Miss Universe 2012 but failed .
Y Điêng ( born 1928 ) is an E De author and ethnographer from Sông Hinh District , Phú Yên Province , Vietnam .
Narsinh Mehta , also known as Narsi Mehta or Narsi Bhagat , ( 1414 - -1481 ) was a poet - saint of Gujarat , India , notable as a bhakta , an exponent of Vaishnava poetry .
Mirko Poledica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирко Поледица , born 11 September 1978 ) is a retired Serbian professional footballer and the current President of the Sindicate of Professional Footballers in Serbia .
Jiranun Sakultangphaisal ( Thai : จิรนันท์ สกุลตั้งไพศาล , RTGS : Chiranun Sakultangpaisan , born 22 December 1965 in Sakhon Nakhon , Thailand ) is a Thai feminist and philanthropist , and is one of Thailand 's 100 leading women .
Marc Burns ( born 7 January 1983 ) is an athlete from Trinidad and Tobago specializing in the 100 metres and the 4 x 100 metres relay .
Miroslav Kalousek ( born 17 December 1960 in Tábor ) is a Czech politician and former Finance Minister of the Czech Republic between 2007 - -2009 and 2010 - -2013 .
Margarita Mbywangi ( born 1962 ) is an Aché indigenous leader , who in 2008 was appointed the Minister of Indigenous Affairs in Paraguay .
Jørgen Markussen played ten games for Denmark scoring a single goal .
Paul Were Ooko ( Kenyan English : ( ˈwɛrɛ ) ; born 8 January 1991 ) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for Superleague Greece side Kalloni and the Kenya national team as a winger .
Alexander Franklin Campbell ( born March 1845 ) was a journalist and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Saulo Cavalari ( born in 1989 ) is a Brazilian light heavyweight kickboxer , fighting out of Thai Brasil team in Curitiba , Paraná , Brazil .
Olivia Merry ( born 16 March 1992 ) is a New Zealand field hockey player who plays for the national team .
Mazhar Kerem Özyeğen ( born on September 26 , 1977 in İstanbul , Turkey ) is the lead guitarist and one of the backing singers in the Turkish rock group Mor ve Ötesi .
Peter Kowitz is one of Australia 's most prolific stage performers and has worked extensively in comedy .
Giordan Harris ( born April 19 , 1993 ) is a competitive swimmer from Ebeye of the Marshall Islands .
Amik Kasoruho ( November 20 , 1932 -- May 5 , 2014 ) was an Albanian author , translator and publicist who formerly served as a cultural affairs advisor to the president of the Republic of Albania .
Lucian Dunăreanu ( born 22 November 1977 ) is a Romanian gay rights activist and the executive director of Be An Angel Romania , an LGBT rights organisation based in Cluj - Napoca .
Lila Kumari Bagale Somai ( Nepali : लिला कुमारी बगाले सोमई ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Ghulam Hassan Sofi ( 1932 , Srinagar - 2009 , Srinagar ) was a singer and harmonium player of traditional music of Kashmir , India .
Dragos Mihalcea - Principal Dancer with The Royal Swedish Ballet Born on December 17 , 1977 in Bucharest , Romania and began his dancing career at the Bucharest School of Choreography .
Harlene Bautista is a former child star , film and television actress , film producer and businesswoman in the Philippines .
Adrian Macey , ( b. Sutton Coldfield , England 6 December 1948 ) is a New Zealand diplomat .
Edith Stauber ( born in 1968 in Linz , Austria ) is an Austrian film director and illustrator .
Bishop Karas ( born Sorial Ayad Sorial ) was the first bishop of the Coptic Orthodox Church in the United States and the first abbot of the church 's first monastery outside of Egypt .
Takashi Ogino ( 荻野 貴司 , born October 21 , 1985 in Asuka , Nara ) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder and shortstop for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Sascha Maassen , born September 28 , 1969 , in Aachen , Germany ) is a veteran sports car driver .
Thi That Nguyen is a road and track cyclist from Vietnam .
Jef Geys ( born 29 May 1934 ) is a Belgian artist born in Leopoldsburg , Belgium .
Frank Anthony ( 25 September 1908 -- 1993 ) was a prominent leader of the Anglo - Indian community in India , and was until his death their nominated representative in the Parliament of India except 6th and 9th Lok Sabha .
Hannah Retter ( 1839 - -1940 ) was a New Zealand founding mother and midwife .
Gregers Brinch is born in Esbjerg , Denmark .
Seva Novgorodsev MBE ( Russian : Се́ва Новгоро́дцев , which is a pseudonym , his real name being Vsevolod Borisovich Levenstein ( Всеволод Борисович Левенштейн ) ; born 9 July 1940 ) is a radio presenter on the BBC Russian Service , and is famous through the former Soviet Union .
Thomas Kennedy Macdonald ( 6 April 1847 -- 17 October 1914 ) , known as Kennedy Macdonald or Kennedy Mac , was a 19th - century Liberal Party Member of Parliament in Wellington , New Zealand .
Hjalmar Kjær ( 8 March 1803 -- 13 May 1863 ) was a Danish architect who worked extensively in Odense and made notable contributions to architecture in Denmark in the 19th and 20th centuries .
Amara Lakhous was born in 1970 in Algiers , Algeria , in a Berber family with nine siblings .
José Ramón Calderón Ramos ( born 26 May 1951 in Palencia , Spain ) is a lawyer and an ex - President of Spanish sports club Real Madrid .
Jean - Baptiste - Jules Prévost ( March 7 , 1828 -- 1881 or later ) was a merchant and political figure in Canada East .
Gisela Kinzel , née Gottwald ( born 17 May 1961 in Kirchhellen ) is a retired athlete who represented West Germany .
Paulo Cesar Siqueira Cavalcante Farias ( September 20 , 1945 -- June 23 , 1996 ) commonly known as Paulo Cesar Farias or PC Farias , was the political campaign treasurer of Brazilian President Fernando Collor de Mello and a central figure in the corruption scandal that resulted in Collor 's 1992 removal from Brazil 's presidential office .
Peter Gutteridge ( 19 May 1961 -- 15 September 2014 ) was a musician from Dunedin , New Zealand .
Peet Stol ( 26 January 1880 -- 27 November 1956 ) was a Dutch footballer who played in the Netherlands ' first ever international match on 30 April 1905 .
Chen Bingkun , ( simplified Chinese : 陈炳焜 ; traditional Chinese : 陳炳焜 ; pinyin : Chén Bǐngkūn),(1868 -- September 1927 ) was born in 1868 in Liujiang , Guangxi , China .
Melody Coleman is a former New Zealand fencer .
Sulejman Delvina was born in Delvinë , modern southern Albania on October 5 , 1871 .
Magdalena Lamparska ( born 6 January 1988 , Słupsk , Poland ) is a Polish film and theater actress .
Wilhelm Sihler was born in Germany in Bernstadt , near Breslau , in the historical region of Lower Silesia .
Jonas Anderson is a Swedish singer known in Thailand for singing lookthung or Thai country / folk music .
Asad Jahangir Khan ( born 25 December 1945 , Campbellpur , Punjab ) is a former first - class cricketer and senior police officer in Pakistan .
Laura Flores ( born Laura Aurora Flores Heras on August 23 , 1963 in Reynosa , Tamaulipas , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , hostess and singer .
Catherine Théot ( born at Barenton ( Normandy ) , France in 1716 ; died September 1 , 1794 ) was a French visionary .
Julien Amegandjin ( born May 2 , 1940 in Togoville ) is a Togolese academic . He received his education in Togo and France , studying mathematics and statistics at the University of Paris .
Matthias Wolfes ( born August 28 , 1961 , Buchholz in der Nordheide , West Germany ) is a German Protestant theologian .
Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller , generally known as Friedrich Burgmüller ( born Regensburg , Germany 4 December 1806 -- died 13 February 1874 ) was a German pianist and composer .
Kenneth McKenzie Wark was born in Newcastle , Australia in 1961 and grew up with his older brother Robert and sister Susan .
Rosemarie Schuder has belonged to the P.E.N .- Zentrum of East Germany since 1978 being a member of the PEN - Zentrums Deutschland today as well as the Deutsche Schillergesellschaft .
Yutaka Ishinabe ( 石鍋 裕 Ishinabe Yutaka , born 1948 in Yokohama , Japan ) was the first French chef in the Japanese cooking show Iron Chef .
Iwona Marcinkiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( iˈvɔna mart͡ɕinˈkʲevʲit͡ʂ ) ; born Iwona Dzięcioł , 23 May 1975 in Warsaw ) is an athlete from Poland .
Humberto Mauro Gutiérrez ( born November 8 , 1988 in Los Mochis , Sinaloa , Mexico , where he also resides ) is a professional boxer who goes by the nickname of Cachorrito .
Nancy Lam ( born in Singapore in 1948 ) is a celebrity chef famous for her Oriental food and television appearances .
Ingeborg Eriksdottir of Norway ( Norwegian : Ingebjørg Eiriksdatter ; 1297 - -1357 ) was a medieval Norwegian princess and by marriage a Swedish princess , Duchess of Uppland , Öland and Finland , with a seat in the regency government of her nephew , Magnus IV of Sweden .
Radhika Roy has over ten years of experience in print journalism , with leading publications such as `` Indian Express '' and `` India Today '' .
Balázs Sebestyén ( born 18 July 1977 , Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian television presenter and winner of multiple `` Story Ötcsillag '' prizes .
Chang Qu ( 常璩 ) ( c. 291 -- c. 361 CE ) was a 4th - century Chinese historian who wrote the Chronicles of Huayang or Records of the States South of Mount Hua , the oldest extant regional history of China .
Yang Chou ( died 198 ) was a military general serving under the warlord Zhang Yang during the late Han Dynasty period of China .
Tilly Fleischmann was born on 2 April 1882 in Cork , Ireland , the second of nine children born to her German parents , Walburga née Rössler of Dachau and Hans Conrad Swertz of Camperbruch , today Kamp - Lintfort .
Tom Tyquin ( born 18 June 1932 ) represented for Australia at rugby league and like his brother , Bill , played his club football with Souths ( Brisbane ) .
Ingo Zechner ( born December 24 , 1972 in Klagenfurt , Austria ) is a philosopher and historian , until 2009 Business Manager of the Vienna Wiesenthal Institute for Holocaust Studies ( VWI ) .
Thomas Dietz ( born May 19 , 1982 ) is a professional juggler from Regensburg , Germany .
Christos Karipidis ( Greek : Χρήστος Καρυπίδης ; born 2 December 1982 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a Greek professional footballer currently playing for Superleague Greece club Skoda Xanthi as a Centre back .
Jérôme Lulling is a linguist from Luxembourg who has been a leading figure in preservation and educational efforts relating to the Luxembourgish language , a Germanic language that became one of Luxembourg 's three official languages in 1984 and spoken by 300,000 persons .
He switched allegiance to Turkey on 8 June 2011 , changing his name from Paul Kipkosgei Kemboi to Polat Kemboi Arıkan .
Hrant Matevosyan was born in the village of Ahnidzor , Armenia 's Lori region . He studied in the village school then he continued his education in Pedagogical University of Kirovakan .
S. P. Singh ( Tundla , Agra , India , 1 February 1948 -- ) , he is Professor of Biochemistry .
Lieutenant - Colonel the Hon Albert Pitt ( 1842 -- 18 November 1906 ) was a 19th - century New Zealand politician , and a cabinet minister .
Zarnia Cogle ( born 10 May 1976 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Waldemar Lindgren was born in Vassmolösa , Kalmar Municipality , in the historical province of Småland in southern Sweden , the son of Johan and Emma Lindgren .
Colonel The Hon . John Simcoe Macaulay ( 13 October 1791 -- 20 December 1855 ) was a businessman and political figure in Upper Canada .
Dr. Vasudev Vishnu Mirashi ( Marathi : वासुदेव विष्णु मिराशी ) ( 1893 - -1985 ) was a Sanskrit scholar and a prominent Indologist of the 20th century hailed from Maharashtra , India .
Keith Walford is the representative for the Saint Ann district in the Parliament of Jamaica .
Philip V. Francis ( 5 November 1964 -- 4 March 2008 ) was a tabla player , composer and Ghazal singer from Kerala , India .
Peter Stubbs is a leading New Zealand marketing lawyer and the head of the Sports , Entertainment and Marketing practice of Simpson Grierson .
James Gow Black ( 10 May 1835 - -25 December 1914 ) was a New Zealand chemist , mineralogist , lecturer and university professor .
Daley Blind ( born 9 March 1990 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre - back , left - back and defensive midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Netherlands national team .
Józef Klotz ( 2 January 1900 - -1941 ) , born in Kraków , was a Polish footballer of Jewish origin , who scored the first - ever goal for the Poland national football team .
Edgar Lissel , born 1965 in Northeim , Germany is a visual artist .
Kalle Koskinen ( born January 3 , 1972 in Jyväskylä , Finland ) is a defenceman playing for the JYP hockey team in the Finnish SM - liiga .
In the 1942 Hollywood film , Cat People , a small statue of Jovan Nenad ( albeit referenced as `` King John of Serbia '' ) , plays a central role in developing the underlying mythological basis of the film 's plot .
Weynay Ghebresilasie ( born 24 March 1994 in Gheza Hamle , Eritrea ) is an Eritrean runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Ermanno Cressoni ( 22 July 1939 in Milano , Italy -- 30 June 2005 in Milano , Italy ) was an Italian car designer who worked for both Alfa Romeo and Fiat during his career .
Stephen Amritraj ( born March 28 , 1984 in Los Angeles ) is a now inactive professional tennis player who represented India .
Günseli Başar ( 11 February 1931 -- 19 April 2013 ) was a Turkish beauty contestant and columnist who was crowned Miss Turkey 1951 and Miss Europe 1952 .
Rachel Manley is a Jamaican writer in verse and prose , born in Cornwall , England , raised in Jamaica and currently residing in Canada .
Jean Calmette ( 5 April 1692 , Rodez , Aveyron , France - February 1740 , Chikballadur , Karnataka , India ) was a French Jesuit missionary in South India and an Indologist .
Maki Tabata ( Japanese : 田畑真紀 , born 9 November 1974 in Mukawa , Hokkaido , Japan ) is a speed skater and cycle racer .
Sarun Promkaew ( Thai : ศรัณย์ พรมแก้ว , born February 15 , 1982 ) , simply known as Run ( Thai : รัน ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Yekaterina Ryabova ( July 14 , 1921 - September 12 , 1974 ) was a Russian military pilot , awarded the title of Heroine of the Soviet Union on February 23 , 1945 .
On 25 September 2008 , the Supreme Court of Indonesia rejected the final appeals of Imam Samudra and Mukhlas ; having dismissed Amrozi 's appeal earlier that month .
Aung Aung Taik is a member of a group of Burmese modern artists called the New Zero Art Group as well as the founder of ( Friends of Myanmar Arts ) , a non - profit organization formed to benefit the arts community in Burma .
Jaime García was born on July 8 , 1986 in Reynosa , Tamaulipas , Mexico , as the second of three children to civil engineer Jaime García , Sr . , and Gloria Rodríguez Flores .
Udhayan ( born in 1966 ) is a Tamil film director , based in Chennai , India .
Conrad Martens ( London 1801 -- 21 August 1878 ) was an English - born landscape painter active on HMS Beagle from 1833 , and in Australia from 1835 .
Martin Sjølie ( born April 25 , 1979 in Bærum , Norway ) is a Norwegian pianist , songwriter and record producer , who has enjoyed widespread commercial success through his work with artists such as Maria Mena , Eva & The Heartmaker and Bertine Zetlitz .
Thomas Tellefsen , the youngest of six siblings , was born in Trondheim , Norway , where he studied with his father , the organist Johan Christian Tellefsen ( 1774 - -1857 ) , and with Ole Andreas Lindeman .
Andrew Perkins ( born 31 December 1961 in Warkworth , Northland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand composer , choral conductor and teacher .
General Tobias Joaquim Dai ( born November 25 , 1950 ) was Minister of National Defence of Mozambique from 2000 to 2008 .
Aziz Ahmed Khan was Pakistan 's High commissioner to India from June 2003 to September 2006 .
Ewen McQueen is a New Zealand social commentator , blogger and politician who is a member of the New Zealand National Party .
Martín Sánchez ( May 3 , 1979 in Mexico City -- July 2 , 2005 in Clark County , Nevada ) , aka The Fireman ( Bombero in Spanish ) , was a Mexican super featherweight boxer .
Laura Andel was born in Argentina of Moldovian heritage , and began music lessons in Buenos Aires at the age of five .
Dahyabhai Patel ( 1906 - -1973 ) was the son of Indian leader Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , an Indian freedom fighter and later a member of the Parliament of India .
Éric Barone ( born 4 November 1960 in Oyonnax , France ) is a French sportsman .
Puhi o Aotea Ratahi ( 1898/1899 - 1966 ) was the fourth president of the Rātana Established Church of New Zealand and younger sister of the church 's founder T. W. Ratana , the Mangai .
Mario Fuchs ( born 9 August 1976 ) is a professional snowboarder from Austria .
Abbas Namazian ( born 1940 ) was born in Kerman , Iran .
Prince Vladimir Mikhailovich Yashvil ( Russian : Владимир Михайлович Яшвиль ; Georgian : ვლადიმერ იაშვილი ) ( July 15 , 1764 -- July 20 , 1815 ) was a Russian general of Georgian noble origin ( Iashvili ) personally involved in the assassination of Paul I of Russia ( 1800 ) .
Christoph Fischhaber ( born 1 June 1988 in Benediktbeuren ) is an ice hockey player from Germany , who plays for Tölzer Löwen .
V. Lakshminarayana ( 1911 -- 1990 ) was the Professor of Music from Kerala , India .
Geir Bratland ( born July 29 , 1970 in Narvik , Norway ) is the former keyboardist for the Norwegian band Apoptygma Berzerk and session keyboardist for The Kovenant and Satyricon .
Cyril C. Valloor is a former India men 's national volleyball team player from Kerala .
Marek Reichman , born in Sheffield , United Kingdom in 1966 , is an Industrial Designer currently working as Chief Creative Officer and studio head at Aston Martin .
Albert Calmes , born 26 February 1881 in Paris and died 22 September 1967 in Luxembourg city , was a Luxembourgish economist and historian .
Graham Candy ( born 1 April 1991 in Auckland , NZ ) , is a singer - songwriter and actor from New Zealand .
Harrie van Heumen ( born 24 December 1959 ) is a former ice hockey forward from the Netherlands .
Marthe Valle ( born 29 November 1982 in Harstad , Norway ) , is a Norwegian singer and songwriter , living in Bergen .
Christian Leotta ( born 1980 in Catania , Italy ) is an award - winning Italian virtuoso pianist .
Tomasz Gapiński ( born 8 July 1982 in Piła , Poland ) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who was riding in 2007 Speedway Grand Prix of Europe .
Kayne Vincent ( born 29 October 1988 ) is a New Zealand professional footballer currently play at Perlis FA from Malaysia second division football league , Malaysia Premier League .
Kawana Pitiroi Paipai ( ? -- 11 June 1884 ) was a New Zealand tohunga , military leader and assessor .
Phil Wood ( born 29 December 1953 ) was a New Zealand triple jump competitor who still holds the current national triple jump record of 16.22 m. He won four national titles in the triple jump .
Andy Caldecott ( 10 August 1964 -- 9 January 2006 ) was an off road motorcycle racer born in Keith , South Australia .
Himani Shah , Former Crown Princess of Nepal ( born October 1 , 1976 ) is the wife of the former heir apparent to the throne of Nepal , Crown Prince Paras .
Roberts Ancāns was born on 11 November 1919 , in Tilža parish , Latvia .
Matti Mäntylä ( born 9 December 1945 , Turku , Finland ) is a Finnish actor who has worked predominantly on Finnish television .
Sami Kelopuro ( born 1987 in Finland ) , a.k.a . LarsLuzak , is a professional poker player represented by Poker Icons .
Alison James ( born 31 March 1971 ) , is a New Zealand actor , best known for her roles as Nurse Tiffany Pratt Warner Marinovich in the soap opera Shortland Street .
Katerina Didaskalou ( born December 29 , 1960 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek theatre , stage , television and film actress .
Maciek Pysz ( born 6 September 1982 in Rybnik , Poland ) is a jazz musician , guitarist and composer .
Hedwig Dransfeld was born in Hacheney ( now Dortmund ) , Germany to the Romberg family ( German aristocrats ) .
Vagner Rocha ( born June 6 , 1982 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian - American Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu practitioner and professional mixed - martial artist , currently competing in the lightweight division .
Yoann Folly ( born 6 June 1985 in Paris , France ) is a retired French - born Togolese footballer .
Chen Kuan - jen ( Chinese : 陳冠任 ; born April 15 , 1982 in Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Lamigo Monkeys of Chinese Professional Baseball League .
Vangelis was born 29 March 1943 , in Agria , near Volos , Greece .
Susan Nalugwa Kiguli ( born 24 June 1969 in Luweero District , Uganda ) is an Ugandan poet and literary scholar .
Paul Adey ( born August 28 , 1963 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is the head coach of Belfast Giants in the EIHL .
Romāns Miloslavskis ( born 17 October 1983 in Liepāja , Latvia ) is a swimmer and politician from Latvia .
Katrin Kauschke ( born September 13 , 1971 in Braunschweig , Lower Saxony ) is a former field hockey midfield player from Germany .
After studying music and art in Sweden and abroad , Sven Scholander began working in the late 1880s as an architectural sculptor and art teacher .
Loukas Karadimos ( Greek : Λουκάς Καραδήμος ) ( born 6 August 1974 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek footballer defensive midfielder .
Mossad Awad ( Arabic : مسعد عوض‎ ) ( born January 15 , 1993 in Ismailia ) is a football ( soccer ) Goalkeeper from Egypt plays for Al - Ahly of Egypt .
Fabijan Šovagović was born in the village of Ladimirevci , in the Slavonia region of Croatia .
Jesse Ketchum ( March 31 , 1782 -- September 7 , 1867 ) was a tanner and political figure in Upper Canada .
Maurice Venezia ( now Morris Venezia ) ( born Thessaloniki , Greece , 25 February 1921 ) is a Jewish - Italian - Greek survivor of the Auschwitz concentration camp ; he was a member of the special squads ( Sonderkommando ) and he 's one of the few eyewitnesses to the gas chambers .
Juan Alberto Rosas ( born November 28 , 1984 in Tepic , Nayarit , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer and the former IBF Super Flyweight champion .
Sergiu Coropceanu ( born in 1975 ) is a Moldovan politician , currently general secretary of the Social Democratic Party of Moldova .
Vlad Lupan ( born 26 July 1971 , Chişinău ) is the Ambassador , Permanent Representative of the Republic of Moldova to the United Nations .
Hugo Pastor Corro ( November 5 , 1953 -- June 15 , 2007 ) , better known plainly as Hugo Corro , was a former boxer from Argentina who was world Middleweight champion .
Stefan Lehner ( born 1957 in St. Gallen , Switzerland ) is a Swiss designer who lives and works in Utrecht , The Netherlands .
Parasram Gurjar ( allegedly 10 October 1886 ? -- 10 December 2011 ) was a native of the Talkesari village in Hoshangabad district in India and a farmer by trade .
Padmanabhan Balaram is an Indian biochemist and a former director of the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore , India .
Nimi Barigha - Amange ( born 10 May 1952 ) is a former Senator for the Bayelsa East constituency of Bayelsa State , Nigeria .
William Aberhart Sr . had immigrated to Canada from Germany with his family at the age of seven , while Louisa Pepper was born in Perth County , Ontario .
Karin Kadenbach has five children and lives in Brussels and in Lower Austria .
Division General Juan Pablo Bennett Argandoña ( January 25 , 1871 -- August 12 , 1951 ) was a Chilean military officer and member of the Government Junta that ruled Chile between 1924 and 1925 .
Walter D'Arcy Cresswell ( 22 January 1896 -- 21 February 1960 ) was a New Zealand poet , journalist and writer .
Dan Kutler ( born May 2 , 1970 in Mountain View , California ) is a former butterfly swimmer , who was born in the United States , and swam for Israel in the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta .
James Waitaringa Mapu ( 4 March 1894 - -8 August 1985 ) was a New Zealand interpreter , sportsman , farmer and community leader .
George Macovescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈd͡ʒe̯ord͡ʒe makoˈvesku ) ; May 28 , 1913 -- March 20 , 2002 ) was a Romanian writer and communist politician who served as the General Secretary of Ministry of Information of Romania and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania .
Mamadsho Ilolovich Ilolov ( Tajik : Мамадшо Илолович Илолов , Persian : ممدشا الال‌اف‎ ) is President of the Tajik Academy of Sciences , a former member of the Tajikistan Parliament and former Minister of Labor and Social Protection of Population of the Republic of Tajikistan , and former rector of Khorugh State University .
Vida Samadzai ( born February 22 , 1978 ) is an Afghan - American actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was Miss Afghanistan in 2003 .
Sir Murray Bisset ( 14 April 1876 -- 24 October 1931 ) was a Test cricketer who captained South Africa before moving to Southern Rhodesia where he briefly served as Governor of Southern Rhodesia .
Rhonda Galbally ( born 1948 ) is an Australian working in health development , disability , social and health policy in Australia .
Reverend George Aaron Barton Ph.D. ( 12 November 1859 , in East Farnham , Quebec , Canada -- 28 June 1942 , in Weston , Massachusetts ) was a Canadian author , Episcopal clergyman and professor of Semitic languages and the history of religion .
Béco Dranoff ( born August 1963 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian music and film producer and founder of the Ziriguiboom music label .
Roland Asch ( born 12 October 1950 in Altingen , West Germany ) is a race car driver from Ammerbuch , near Stuttgart .
Alfredo Cardona Peña ( 1917 -- 1995 ) was a science fiction writer who was born in San José , Costa Rica .
Krystyna Klimczak ( born September 24 , 1992 in Oświęcim , Poland ) is a Polish figure skater who has competed as a single skater and pair skater .
Nicholas Colla ( born on 14 October 1986 in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian actor , writer and director , best known for his roles as Joel Peterson in Holly 's Heroes and Adam Stevens in Neighbours .
Dunya Mikhail ( born 1965 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Iraqi poet based in the United States .
Anna Berndtson ( born 1972 ) in Malmö , Sweden , is a performance artist .
Ángel de Oro 's real name is not a matter of public record , as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans .
Tanure Ojaide God 's Medicine Men and Other Stories ( Lagos , Nigeria : Malthouse Ltd. , 2004 )
Jani Vreto was born in Postenan , a village near Leskovik , southern Albania in 1822 .
Alin Goyan ( Armenian : Ալին Գոյան ) is an Armenian music singer from Yerevan , Armenia .
Ottomar Ladva represented Estonia in Chess Olympiads :
Alfonso Thiele ( 5 April 1920 -- 15 July 1986 ) was a racing driver who held dual citizenship of the United States and Italy , though he spent most of his life in Italy .
Weller Hauraki ( born 18 February 1985 in Dannevirke , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Salford Red Devils in the Super League .
Angela Salawa came from the village of Siepraw near Kraków , Poland .
Kezang Wangmo is a well - known actress , poet , singer , dancer and goodwill ambassador for organic farming in Bhutan .
Vladimir Kolupaev ( born on September 17 , 1964 , Mesherskoye , Chekhovsky District , Russia ) is a historian , Doctor of Historical Sciences , a graduate of the Moscow State University of Culture and Arts and Catholic priest .
Jacob Lüroth ( 18 February 1844 , Mannheim , Germany -- 14 September 1910 , Munich , Germany ) was a German mathematician who proved Lüroth 's theorem and introduced Lüroth quartics .
Trond Pedersen ( born 10 February 1951 ) is a former footballer and coach from Norway .
Rangsarit Sutthisa ( Thai : รังสฤทธิ์ สุทธิสา , born 9 April 1979 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Melodie Robinson ( born 25 May 1973 in New Plymouth ) is a New Zealand sports journalist and presenter , and former international rugby union player for the New Zealand women 's national rugby union team .
Warwick Henderson ( born 1953 Te Kopuru , New Zealand ) , is a New Zealand gallerist , art collector , art fair pioneer and author of `` Behind the Canvas --
Deon Dreyer ( 7 August 1974 -- 17 December 1994 ) was a South African recreational scuba diver who died in Bushman 's Hole in South Africa .
Mohamed Boudiaf was born in Ouled Madhi ( now in M'Sila Province ) , French Algeria , to a family of former nobility , which had lost its standing and influence during colonial times .
Princess Désirée of Hohenzollern ( German : Désirée Margarethe Victoria Louise Sibylla Katharina Maria Prinzessin von Hohenzollern ; born 27 November 1963 ) was born in Munich , Germany .
Since the record 's release Tim Chaisson & Morning Fold have toured and played shows across Canada and Australia with such acts as The Trews , Joel Plaskett , The Tragically Hip , Big Sugar , Finger 11 , Lady Antebellum , Shannon Noll , Lennie Gallant , Matt Andersen and Ashley MacIsaac .
Sergeant Władysław Grydziuszko ( 1910 - -1946 ) was a soldier in the Polish Army during World War II . He was born on September 6 , 1910 in the small rural village of Mikulicze , Poland .
Dimitar Nikolov Asenov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Николов Асенов ) ( 10 May 1840 -- 10 August 1868 ) , better known as Hadzhi Dimitar ( Хаджи Димитър ) , was one of the most prominent Bulgarian voivods and revolutionaries working for the Liberation of Bulgaria from Ottoman rule .
Francisco Quiroz ( June 4 , 1957 - May 5 , 1993 ) was a Dominican professional boxer and WBA Light Flyweight champion born in Moca , Dominican Republic .
Evaristo Rocha was the acting 7th President ( then called Supreme Director ) of Nicaragua in 1839 .
John Alexander McCullough ( 17 January 1860 -- 29 July 1947 ) was a New Zealand tinsmith , trade unionist and political activist .
Dato ' Zulkifli Noordin ( born 19 February 1962 ) is a Malaysian politician and a former Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Kulim--
Claribel Medina ( born December 16 , 1961 in San Juan ) is a Puerto Rican actress who has acted for soap operas and movies filmed both in her native Puerto Rico and in Argentina .
Finally , Dalí erected a monument to Francesc Pujols outside the entrance to the Dalí Theatre and Museum in Figueres , Spain .
Mendsaikhany Enkhsaikhan ( Mongolian : Мэндсайханы Энхсайхан ; born 1955 ) was the prime minister of Mongolia from July 7 , 1996 to April 23 , 1998 , the first in 80 years not belonging to the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party .
Dominique Aurientis ( born in 1953 in Aix - en - Provence , France ) is a French fashion designer .
Maria Borges was born in Angola and raised by her siblings during the Angolan Civil War .
Hans Wachtmeister , Count of Johannishus , ( 3 January 1642 ( O.S. 24 December 1641 ) -- 15 February ( O.S. 26 February ) 1714 ) was admiral general of the Swedish Navy and advisor to King Charles XI of Sweden and King Charles XII of Sweden .
Sulo , who was born in Katrineholm , Sweden , co - founded The Diamond Dogs in Katrineholm along with Anders Lindström , throughout the years the band 's line up has changed several time and Lindström left the band in 1996 to join The Hellacopters .
Bruno Akrapović ( born 26 September 1967 in Zenica ) is a retired football player from Bosnia and Herzegovina who played in Germany for most of his career .
As political tension rose in France , Olympe de Gouges became increasingly politically engaged .
Mohammad Mahmoudvand ( Persian : محمد محمودوند‎ ) ( born 1985 ) , is an Iranian footballer who playED for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League as a Goalkeeper .
Lina Murr Nehme was born in 1955 in Lebanon , and graduated from Ecole des Beaux Arts in Paris , in 1982 .
Milad Meydavoudi ( Persian : ميلاد میداوودی‎‎ , born 10 January 1985 in Masjed Soleyman ) is an Iranian football player , who currently plays for Saipa in Iran 's Premier Football League .
Bo Lundquist was born in 1942 in Sollefteå , Sweden and is the chairman of Djurgårdens IF Fotboll .
Born Jean de Paleologu in Bucharest , he trained in England , then returned to Romania and attended a military academy , before visiting London again several times and moving to Paris more permanently .
Lenin Steenkamp ( born 9 September 1969 in Durban , South Africa ) is a retired South African football player who spent his entire career in the United States .
Guo Pu ( Chinese : 郭璞 ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo P'u ; AD 276 -- 324 ) , courtesy name Jingchun ( 景純 ) , was a Chinese writer and scholar of the Eastern Jin period , and is best known as one of China 's foremost commentators on ancient texts .
Elizabeth Woodville ( also spelled Wydville , Wydeville , or Widvile ; c. 1437 -- 8 June 1492 ) was Queen consort of England as the spouse of King Edward IV from 1464 until his death in 1483 .
Ho Kwon Ping ( born 1952 ) is the Executive Chairman of Banyan Tree Holdings , a Singapore - based leisure business group , which owns both listed and private companies engaged in the development , ownership and operation of hotels , resorts , spas , residential homes , retail galleries and other lifestyle activities in the region .
Helena Rojo ( born María Elena Enríquez Ruiz on August 18 , 1944 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and model .
August Hjalmar Edgren was born in Östanås , Älvsbacka parish in Värmland , Sweden .
Dorjee Khandu was born in Gyangkhar Village in Tawang district , North East Frontier Agency , India to Leki Dorjee .
Gérard Latulippe ( born November 5 , 1944 ) is a Canadian diplomat and former politician , currently serving as Canada 's high commissioner to Trinidad and Tobago .
Sala Fa'alogo is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for Widnes in the Super League .
Juliane House received a degree in English and Spanish Translation and International Law from the University of Heidelberg , Germany .
James Beauttah led the Kikuyu Central Association , Kenya 's first all - African political organization together with Joseph Kang'ethe .
This book contained many theories involving early sciences of astronomy and meteorology , and Wang Chong was even the first in Chinese history to mention the use of the square - pallet chain pump , which became common in irrigation and public works in China thereafter .
Siamak Koohnavard ( Persian : سیامک کوهنورد‎‎ ; born 21 July 1984 ) is an Iranian Football player who currently plays for Rah Ahan of the Iran Pro League .
Uwe Rosenberg ( born 27 March 1970 in Aurich , Germany ) is a German game designer .
Pasi Rantanen ( born 30 October 1969 Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish singer .
Benjamin - Hyacinthe - Martin Cherrier ( November 11 , 1757 -- December 15 , 1836 ) was a surveyor and political figure in Lower Canada .
Pier Francesco Guarguaglini ( born 1937 in Tuscany , Italy ) is an Italian engineer , university educator and businessman .
Geronimo ( Mescalero - Chiricahua : Goyaałé ( kòjàːɬɛ́ ) `` the one who yawns '' ; June 16 , 1829 -- February 17 , 1909 ) was a prominent leader of the Bedonkohe Apache who fought against Mexico and Arizona for their expansion into Apache tribal lands for several decades during the Apache Wars .
While Lou Bega was born in Munich , Germany , he is of Italian and Ugandan descent .
Chandril Bhattacharya ( Bengali : চন্দ্রিল ভট্টাচার্য্ ) is a popular Bengali columnist , lyricist , poet , singer and director from Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Dmytro Shutkov ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Шутков , born 3 April 1972 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) was an Ukrainian footballer who played in Ukrainian Premier League club Shakhtar Donetsk his entire career .
William Ralph Boucher Hassell , best known as Bill Hassell , ( born 6 June 1943 ) is an Australian former politician who was Leader of the Opposition in Western Australia during the mid-1980s .
Georg , Duke of Hohenberg ( born 25 April 1929 ) , is a grandson of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and Hungary and his morganatic wife Sophie , Duchess of Hohenberg .
Tracy Robinson grew up in Jamaica , attending Immaculate Conception High School .
Beata Kozidrak ( born 4 May 1960 in Lublin , Poland ) is a Polish singer and vocalist of the pop - rock band Bajm .
Mrinal Gore ( c. 24 June 1928 -- 17 July 2012 , Vasai ) was a veteran socialist leader of India , and was a member of the Parliament of India .
Ndèye Fatou Soumah ( born 6 April 1986 in Saint - Louis , Senegal ) is a Senegalese woman sprinter .
Kipoi Tonny Nsubuga ( born 26 June 1978 ) is the Member of 9th Parliament of Uganda , elected by the majority voters with over 72 % in Bubulo west Constituency , Manafwa District following his NRM party 's victory in the general election 18 February 2011 .
Girish Panchwadkar ( Marathi : गिरीश पंचवाडकर , born 1 July 1960 ) is a Marathi singer and music director from India .
Alice Annie Kenny ( 31 August 1875 -- 15 May 1960 ) was a New Zealand poet , short - story writer and novelist .
Nicolae Timofti ( Romanian pronunciation : ( nikoˈla.e tiˈmofti ) ; born 22 December 1948 ) is a Moldovan politician and jurist who has been President of Moldova since 23 March 2012 .
Loucif Hamani ( born 15 May 1950 ) he represented Algeria in the boxing , competing at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in the light - middleweight event , he reached the 3rd round before losing to Alan Minter .
Lennie Lee is a British artist born in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Gabriela Pulgar Luco ( born c. 1989 ) is a Chilean singer , finalist of Chile 's Got Talent TV Show and Miss World Chile 2011 .
Gogó Rojo ( née Gladys del Valle Rojo Castro , December 7 , 1942 in Santiago del Estero , Argentina ) is a former vedette , actress and dancer .
Jorge Reynolds Pombo is an electrical and bio- engineer born in Colombia ( June 22 , 1936 , Bogota ) , self - styled as the inventor in 1958 of the first external artificial pacemaker with internal electrodes .
Giovanni Maria Ruggieri or Ruggeri was a Baroque composer from Italy .
Chingiz Ildyrym oglu Sultanov ( Azerbaijani : Çingiz İldırım oğlu Sultanov ) ( 1890 - -1937 ) better known as Chingiz Ildyrym , was a Bolshevik revolutionary , innovator and the first People 's Commissar for Military and Naval Affairs of Azerbaijan after the Sovietization of Azerbaijan .
Akkarapol Meesawat ( Thai : อัครพล มีสวัสดิ์ , born August 8 , 1991 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Felix Zandman was born in Grodno in the Second Polish Republic ( now Belarus ) and lived in Kresy until the Nazi - Soviet invasion of Poland .
Yuriy Boyko ( Ukrainian : Юрій Анатолійович Бойко ) is a Ukrainian politician , former Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine , and a former Minister of Fuel and Energy of Ukraine .
Leticia Torres is a paralympic athlete from Mexico competing mainly in category T52 sprint events .
Georges - Isidore Delisle was a politician in Quebec , Canada .
Tomás Aldazabal M. ( born May 30 , 1976 in Santa Fe ) is a volleyball player from Cuba , who plays as a wing - spiker .
Bunleua Sulilat was born in 1932 as the seventh of eight children to a family in Nong Khai province , Thailand .
Fabian Bohn known by his stage name Brennan Heart ( born 2 March 1982 in Netherlands ) is a Dutch DJ and producer of Hardstyle .
Gaël Duval ( born 1973 ) is a graduate of the Caen University in France , where he studied networks and documentary applications .
Marco Antonio Rodríguez Moreno ( born November 10 , 1973 in Mexico City ) is a former Mexican football referee .
Martin Šmíd was a fictitious Czechoslovak university student , who was supposedly killed in the police attack on the November 17 , 1989 student demonstration in Prague that launched Czechoslovakia 's Velvet Revolution .
Fabiola Guajardo ( born Fabiola Guajardo Martínez on January 5 , 1987 in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress and model , known for having competed in Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León 2007 finishing as the first runner up and being finalist on the National pageant of Nuestra Belleza Mexico in 2007 .
Larry Spencer ( born December 21 , 1941 ) is a Baptist pastor in Canada , and former Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Saskatchewan riding of Regina--
Eva Kurfürstová ( born August 30 , 1977 in Karviná , Czechoslovakia ( now Czech Republic ) ) is a Czech alpine skier , a specialist of Slalom and Giant Slalom .
Ahmed Mater ( b. 1979 , Tabuk , Saudi Arabia ) is a Saudi artist and physician .
Hoàng Cao Khải ( 黃高啟 ; 1850 , Đức Thọ District -- 1933 ) was a viceroy of Tonkin ( locally known as Bắc Kỳ ) , the northernmost of the three parts of Vietnam under French colonial rule .
Nirmal Baba ( born Nirmaljeet Singh Narula ) is an Indian spiritual leader and a motivational speaker who is known for his public discourses and has followers in some parts of India .
Yoon Son - ha ( Hangul : 윤손하 ; born October 23 , 1975 , Jeonju , Jeollabuk - do , South Korea ) is a South Korean actress , singer and television personality ( gaijin tarento ) .
Marny Eng is a member of Stunts Canada and moves from Executive member to President for 2015 .
Knut Jungbohn Clement ( born 4 December 1803 in the island of Amrum , Denmark -- 7 October 1873 in Bergen , New Jersey ) was a Danish linguist .
R. V. S. Peri Sastri , was a former Chief Election Commissioner of India and served from January 1 , 1986 until his death from cancer on November 25 , 1990 .
Willy Lindwer was born in Amsterdam , Netherlands , where he studied at the Netherlands Film and Television Academy .
Emanuel Solomon ( 1800 -- 3 October 1873 ) was a businessman and politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia
Raniera Te Ahiko ( ? --1894 ) was a notable New Zealand historian .
Paul Joseph Mukungubila Mutombo , also known as Gideon Mukungubila , is a Christian religious leader and self - proclaimed prophet in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Dan McLeod ( born 1943 ) is one of the founders and the present owner , publisher , and editor of the influential weekly newspaper , the Georgia Straight in Vancouver , Canada .
Svend Asmussen ( born 28 February 1916 in Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a jazz violinist from Denmark , known as `` The Fiddling Viking '' .
Leo Vaz ( June 6 , 1890 -- March 5 , 1973 ) , writer , teacher and journalist in Brazil .
María del Refugio García ( ca . 1898 -- 1970 ) is an important figure in the early struggle for women 's rights in Mexico .
Rev. Ndabaningi Sithole ( pronunciation : nda - va - nin - gee sitt - o - le ) ( 31 July 1920 -- 12 December 2000 ) founded the Zimbabwe African National Union ( ZANU ) , a militant organisation that opposed the government of Rhodesia , in July 1963 .
Brigadier General Lê Nguyên Vỹ ( 22 August 1933 , Son Tay - 30 April 1975 ) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
Patelisio Punou - Ki - Hihifo Finau ( 15 March 1934 -- 4 October 1993 ) was the second Roman Catholic Bishop of Tonga born in Tonga .
Tommy Seebach ( September 14 , 1949 - March 31 , 2003 ) , born Tommy Seebach Mortensen in Copenhagen , Denmark , was a popular Danish singer , composer , organist , pianist and producer .
Graeme Cairns ( born c.1957 ) is a New Zealand musician , artist , and political candidate .
Laurent Mosar ( born 8 February 1958 in Luxembourg City ) is a Luxembourgish politician and lawyer .
John Peter El Hajj was born in the village of Dlebta , in the Keserwan District , Lebanon on November 1 , 1817 , son of the priest of the village .
Jan Vogler ( born February 18 , 1964 , Germany ) is a German - born classical cellist who lives in New York City .
Lobat Vala ( born 1930 in Tehran ) is an Iranian poet , and campaigner for the Women Liberation and Equal Rights in Iran .
Bedri Omuri ( born 16 January 1957 in Albania ) nicknamed Bedrana by the SK Tirana fans during the 1980s is a former Albanian footballer .
Emil Zografski ( Bulgarian : Емил Зографски ) ( born 3 February 1968 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is a retired Bulgarian ski jumper .
Stathis Damianakos ( Greek : Στάθης Δαμιανάκος ; 1939 - -2003 ) is considered one of the most prominent researchers in the fields of agriculture , ethnological and cultural sociology in Greece .
Koichi Hori ( 堀 幸一 , born April 2 , 1969 in Nagasaki , Nagasaki , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball infielder .
Igho Otegheri ( born November 20 , 1983 in Nigeria ) is a Nigerian football striker .
Sebastian Bayer ( born 11 June 1986 in Aachen , Germany ) is a German long jumper best known for having history 's second longest indoor long jump .
Juan Trigos , is a Mexican composer and conductor , born February 26 , 1965 , in Mexico City .
Joanne Broadbent ( born 29 November 1965 , in Woodville , South Australia ) is a former Australian cricketer .
Roman Bondarenko ( b. 14 August 1966 ) is a Soviet / Turkmenistani striker from Ukraine .
Ants Kurvits was born on 14 May 1887 in Mihkli - Aadu farm in Äksi , Tartu County , Estonia , then part of the Governorate of Livonia of the Russian Empire .
In 1973 , Erik Vea competed for Norway in both the European and World Championships , and finished in 13th and 10th places respectively .
He is the patron saint of many churches in Gwynedd in north - west Wales , such as St Mary and St Bodfan Church in Llanaber and St Bodfan church in Abergwyngregyn .
Stefanos Linaios ( Greek : Στέφανος Ληναίος ) , born Dionysios Mytilinaios ( Διονύσιος Μυτιληναίος ) on 6 August 1928 in Messini , Messinia , Greece ) , is a Greek actor , writer , director , and theatrical manager .
Paul Rowney ( born 2 December 1970 in Botany , Australia ) is an Australian Olympic cyclist .
Nils Bäckström ( born June 29 , 1986 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player who has played professionally in USA , Finland , Sweden and Russia .
Zdeněk Pazdírek ( born 13 December 1953 ) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia .
Lise Klaveness ( born 19 April 1981 ) is a Norwegian lawyer and footballer who played 73 matches for the Norway women 's national football team between 2002 and her retirement from international football in 2011 .
' Jan ter Laan ' ( Slochteren , December 12 1872 - Rotterdam , August 9 1956 ) was a Netherlands politician and long - term member of the Lower House of Parliament for SDAP .
Eric Jamili ( born May 20 , 1977 in Silay , Negros Occidental , Philippines ) is a retired Filipino professional boxer .
Greer Robson - Kirk born ( 16 October 1971 ) is a New Zealand television actress well known for her role in the Television Drama , Shortland Street .
Orestes Fiandra ( August 4 , 1921 in Montevideo , Uruguay -- April 22 , 2011 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) , was a professor and researcher in medicine and cardiology in Uruguay .
Essaïd Belkalem ( Arabic : عيد باقلم‎ ; born 1 January 1989 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a defender for Watford and the Algeria national team .
Madeline Hartog - Bel ( born 1946 ) is a Peruvian model and beauty queen who won the 1967 Miss World contest , representing Peru .
Stephen Reuben Tonkin , known as Stevie Tonks , ( born 1992 ) is an New Zealand singer from Christchurch , who came 4th on the second season of The X Factor ( New Zealand ) .
Khatuna Narimanidze ( Georgian : ხათუნა ნარიმანიძე ; born 2 February 1974 ) is an athlete from Georgia .
Bui Tuan Dung ( born 1975 ) As a director working in Vietnam Feature Film Studio ( Vietnam Feature Film Studio ) .
Rashad Amirov , also known as Rashad Daghly , ( Azerbaijani : Rəşad Dağlı , born April 21 , 1984 in Azerbaijan SSR ) is a performer of Azerbaijani meykhana music .
Yves V has also been guest DJ in well - known clubs such as Guaba , Pacha , Anzu Club , Nikki Beach and many others in Indonesia , Malaysia , Brasil , Cyprus , Spain , France , Finland , Italy , Greece and his native country Belgium .
Abdul Hai Habibi ( Pashto : عبدالحى حبيبي‎ -- ʿAbd ' ul - Ḥay Ḥabībi ) ( 1910 -- 9 May 1984 ) was a prominent Afghan historian for much of his lifetime as well as a member of the National Assembly of Afghanistan ( Afghan Parliament ) during the reign of King Zahir Shah .
Damir Memišević ( born January 22 , 1984 in Banja Luka ) is a Bosnian football player currently playing for FK Borac Banja Luka in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The family name in the Dominican Republic is Rojas , but Felipe Alou and his brothers became known by the name Alou when the Giants ' scout who signed Felipe mistakenly thought his matronymic was his father 's name .
Abdullah Laghmani ( 1960s --2 September 2009 ) was Deputy Chief of the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) in Afghanistan , and a prominent ally of President Hamid Karzai .
Keumalahayati , or Malahayati ( fl . 16th century ) , was an admiral in the navy of the Aceh Sultanate , which ruled the area of modern Aceh Province , Sumatra , Indonesia .
Kanti Ganguly ( full name : Kanti Bhusan Gangopadhyay ) is an Indian politician , belonging to the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Edgar Martins ( born 1977 in Évora , Portugal ) is a Portuguese photographer and author who lives and works in the United Kingdom .
Tony de la Guardia ( born Antonio de la Guardia y Font in 1939 in Havana , Cuba - 1989 in Havana , Cuba ) was a Colonel in the Cuban Ministry of Interior .
Napoleon Einstein ( born 16 August 1989 , Madras , Tamil Nadu , India ) is an Indian cricketer .
Abdelbaki Sahraoui ( Arabic : عبد الباقي صحرواي‎ ) was a co - founder of the Islamic Salvation Front ( FIS ) in Algeria .
Étienne Weill - Raynal was born on 9 December 1887 in the 9th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Henri Mathé was born on May 27 , 1837 in Moulins , in rural France .
Hans - Georg Tersling was born on a farm outside the small town of Karlebo north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Segundo Luna was an Argentinian footballer , born in Santiago del Estero , Argentina .
Monyane Moleleki ( born 5 January 1951 ) is a Lesotho politician who held various ministerial portfolios beginning in the 1990s .
Wentworth Cavenagh also known as Wentworth Cavenagh - Mainwaring , ( 1821 -- 05 January 1895 ) was a politician in colonial South Australia .
Camille Khoury ( Arabic : كميل خوري , born 1961 ) born in Lebanon is the Free Patriotic Movement representative in the Matn riding near Beirut , Lebanon .
Njoo Han Siang ( August 31 , 1930 -- September 30 , 1985 ) was a journalist , writer , banker , entrepreneur , and film producer in Indonesia .
Bhimbor Deori ( 1903 -- 30 November 1947 ) was a freedom fighter and a renowned lawyer from the state of Assam in India .
Leonardo Boto ( born April 29 , 1970 in Buenos Aires ) , is the former Chairman of the National Institute of Tourist Promotion of Argentina .
Patrizio Di Renzo ( born May 6 , 1971 in Zug , Switzerland ) is a Swiss photographer and director .
Nikola Perlić ( 4 February 1912 -- 19 January 1986 ) was a Croatian footballer who played in top league clubs in Yugoslavia and France , and played for the Yugoslav national team .
Hans Kammerlander ( born 6 December 1956 , Bolzano South Tyrol , Italy ) is an Italian mountaineer .
Ghaleb Bencheikh chairs the World Conference of Religions for Peace , which leads to many interventions in France and abroad .
On 17 May 2009 , back in the Netherlands , Tonny Bruins Slot took a position as an assistant manager at AZ from Alkmaar , where he was responsible for the tactical analysis of the opponents .
Christfried Berger ( 7 January 1938 -- 19 November 2003 ) was a protestant theologian in the German Democratic Republic and , subsequently , in Germany following reunification .
Francis Wesley Lipsett ( October 25 , 1850 -- after 1883 ) was a veterinarian and political figure in Manitoba , Canada .
Joseph Nyagah ( born 1948 ) is a Kenyan politician and the Minister of Cooperative Development and Marketing in Kenya 's grand coalition government .
Patrick Pouyanné ( born 24 June 1963 in France ) is the chairman and CEO of Total .
Bangaru Usha Rani , is the Member of Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Clodovis Boff ( born in 1944 , Concordia , Santa Catarina ( state ) , Brazil ) is a Roman Catholic theologian , philosopher , writer and professor .
Major Adriano Visconti di Lampugnano ( 11 November 1915 - 29 April 1945 ) was one of Italy 's top flying aces of the Second World War , shooting down between 10 to 26 enemy aircraft .
Mushegh I Mamikonian was the sparapet of Armenia under King Papas ( Pap ) and then , after Papas was killed , was the regent for his nephew Varasdates ( Varazdat ) .
Daniel Anthony Watkins ( 24 February 1918 -- 22 February 1982 ) was a notable New Zealand agrochemical distributor and manufacturer , businessman .
Miguel Paternain , C.Ss . R. ( Minas , Uruguay , 16 November 1894 -- 21 October 1970 ) was a Uruguayan Roman Catholic cleric .
Kylie Gillies ( born 4 May 1967 ) is an Australian television presenter for the Seven Network , based in Sydney , Australia .
General Manuel Bonilla Chirinos ( 7 June 1849 -- 21 March 1913 ) was President of Honduras from 13 April 1903 to 25 February 1907 , and again from 1 February 1912 to 21 March 1913 .
Robert Kościecha ( born November 22 , 1977 in Toruń , Poland ) is a Polish speedway rider has won 2005 European Pairs Speedway Champion title .
Leo Echegaray ( 11 July 1960 -- 5 February 1999 ) was the first Filipino to be meted the death penalty after its reinstatement in the Philippines in 1993 , some 23 years after the last judicial execution was carried out .
Wong Swee Chin who was more well known as Botak Chin was one of the most notorious and dangerous gangsters during the 1960s and 1970s in Malaysia .
`` Professor '' Irwin Corey ( born July 29 , 1914 ) is an American comic , film actor and activist , often billed as `` The World 's Foremost Authority '' .
Ricardo Alberto Arias ( born 11 September 1940 in Panama City , Panama ) was the Panamanian Ambassador to the United Nations , serving from 2004 to 2009 .
Ross Ongaro ( born September 9 , 1959 , in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a retired Canadian soccer player who earned one cap each with the Canada U-20 men 's national soccer team and Canadian Olympic soccer team .
Mikalai Shubianok ( Belarusian : Мікалай Шубянок ; born 4 May 1985 in Gomel ) is a decathlete from Belarus .
Petros Filipidis ( Greek : Πέτρος Φιλιππίδης ; also written as Petros Philippidis , born 31 December 1963 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek actor of modern times , who has appeared in many a television series during the last two decades .
Jacobo Borges ( b. 28 Nov. 1931 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a contemporary , neo - figurative Latin- American artist .
Abdul Haseeb Khan ( Urdu : عبدل حسیب خان ) is a Pakistani Politician and a Member of Senate of Pakistan .
Hokutōriki Hideki ( born October 31 , 1977 as Hideki Kimura ) is a former sumo wrestler , from Tochigi , Japan .
Gary Henley - Smith is a New Zealand sprinter and professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and ' 80s , playing club level rugby league for Wigan as a Wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
Gheorghe Benga ( born on January 26 , 1944 in Timişoara , Romania ) is a professor in the Department of Cell and Molecular Biology of the University of Medicine and Pharmacy `` Iuliu Haţieganu '' of Cluj - Napoca , Romania .
Johannes Leimena ( 6 March 1905 -- 29 March 1977 ) was Deputy Prime Minister of Indonesia from 1957 to 1966 and served as Minister of Health under President Sukarno from 1946 to 1956 .
Lee Kang - sheng ( born 1968 in Taipei , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese actor , film director , and screenwriter .
Emanuel Porumbaru ( Romanian : Emanoil Porumbaru ) ( 1845 -- 1921 ) was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania from January 4 , 1914 until December 7 , 1916 under the reign of Romanian Kings Carol I and Ferdinand .
Ian Gilroy is a New Zealand musician who played drums in bands such as The Plague , The Whizz Kids , The Crocodiles ( where he replaced Bruno Lawrence ) and The Swingers .
Alok Joshi was chief of Research and Analysis Wing , the external intelligence agency of India .
Markus Gandler ( born August 20 , 1966 in Kitzbühel ) is former cross country skier from Austria who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s .
Amanda Simper ( born 2 February 1968 in Perth , Western Australia ) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed in the early 2000s .
Christos Arkoudas ( Greek : Χρήστος Αρκούδας ; born 13 June 1990 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek footballer who plays professionally for Lamia F.C. in the Football League , as a Defender .
Ronald Virag ( born December 7 , 1938 . In Metz , France ) , is a French cardiovascular surgeon , specialized in andrology ( the medicine of masculine health ) .
Peerapong Pichitchotirat ( Thai : พีรพงศ์ พิชิตโชติรัตน์ , born June 28 , 1984 ) simply known as Benz ( Thai : เบนซ์),is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Hassan Muhammed Gusau , or Hassan Nasiha ( born 12 December 1960 ) was elected Senator for the Zamfara Central constituency of Zamfara State , Nigeria , taking office on 29 May 2007 .
Modi Rosenfeld ( born April 29 , 1970 , in Tel Aviv , Israel as Mordechai Rosenfeld ) , known professionally as Modi is a Israeli stand - up comedian , actor , and cantor .
Harold Raymond Ballard ( born : February 5 , 1918 , Provost , Alberta , Canada -- died : January 31 , 1997 ) was a business executive as well as a chartered accountant .
General Marc van Uhm is a two - star general in the Royal Netherlands Army and currently serves as its deputy commander .
Lucy Masey Smith ( 1861 - -1936 ) was a notable New Zealand editor , feminist , temperance and welfare worker .
-- 223 p. Dimitrie Bogos , United States of Europe , Warsaw International Reference Library and Political Parties in Romania , London , 1936 .
Gianni Pettenati ( born in Piacenza , Italy on 29 October 1945 ) is an Italian singer and musical critic .
Angèle Diabang Brener is a screenwriter , director and film producer from Senegal .
Baba Kalyani joined Bharat Forge in 1972 when the company 's annual turnover was about US $ 1.3 million ; it was then a global company with 11 manufacturing facilities spread across India , USA , Germany , Sweden , and China .
Princess Elizabeth of Yugoslavia ( Serbian : Kneginja Jelisaveta Karađorđević / Кнегиња Јелисавета Карађорђевић ; born 7 April 1936 ) is a member of the House of Karageorgevich , a human rights activist and a former presidential candidate for Serbia .
Margareth Madè ( 22 June 1982 , Paternò , Italy ) born Margareth Tamara Maccarrone is an Italian model and actress .
Vojo Kushi ( August 3 , 1918 -- October 10 , 1942 ) was an Albanian and Yugoslav communist guerilla fighter ( partisan ) and one of the founders of the Communist group based in Shkodër , following the Italian occupation of Albania in April 1939 .
Pia Parolin ( born 24 August 1965 in Castelfranco Veneto , Italy ) is a biologist and tropical ecologist , Vice - President of the Society for Tropical Ecology ( gtö ) and Chair of the Conservation Committee of the Association of Tropical Biology and Conservation ( ATBC ) .
Chiwetalu Agu ( Enugu , Nigeria , 1956 ) is a veteran Nollywood actor , comedian and movie producer who won the 2012 Nollywood award for ' best actor in indigenous movie ( non - English speaking language ) ' .
Karim Haddad ( Arabic : كريم حداد‎ ) ( born January 22 , 1962 in Dar - el Mraisseh , Beirut , Lebanon ) is a Lebanese composer
Lorraine Hill ( born 24 October 1946 , Perth , Western Australia ) is a former Australian cricketer .
Helmut Clasen ( born September 3 , 1935 , in Cologne , Germany ) is an active motorcycle enduro competitor since 1957 , called `` Speedy '' by family and friends alike .
DJ Laila or Laila Chikadora ( born Jessica R. Asis on December 24 , 1978 ) is a radio DJ and TV personality in the Philippines .
Yang Dipertuan Besar Syarif Kasim Abdul Jalil Saifuddin or Sultan Syarif Kasim II ( Jawi : شريف كاسيم عبدالجليل صيفالدين ‎ ; born in Sultanate of Siak Sri Indrapura , Riau , 1 December 1893 - died in Rumbai , Pekanbaru , Riau , Indonesia , 23 April 1968 ) was the 12th sultan of the Sultanate of Siak .
Ali Karimli ( Azerbaijani : Əli Kərimli ) born Ali Amirhuseyn oglu Karimov ( Azerbaijani : Əli Əmirhüseyn oğlu Kərimov ) ( born April 28 , 1965 ) is an Azeri politician and the head of the reformist wing of the Azerbaijan Popular Front Party ( APFP ) .
Rosine Deréan was born in Paris and died in Genille , Indre - et - Loire , France .
Joanne Horniman grew up in Murwillumbah in country New South Wales , Australia .
Åshild Breie Nyhus ( born 27 January 1975 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician ( Hardanger fiddle , violin , viola and nyckelharpa ) who plays folk music and classical music , the daughter of fiddler Svein Nyhus and the older sister of pianist Ingfrid Breie Nyhus .
Valiollah Khakdan ( 1923 , Baku , Azerbaijan -- 1996 , Tehran , Iran ) ( Persian : ولی الله خاکدان‎‎ ) was an Iranian art director .
Edwin Kjeldner was born in Colombia and came to Rogaland , Norway in 1991 as an adoptee , along with his two siblings .
Hitesh Naran is a South African amateur snooker player who won the South African Snooker Championship twice , and was the first unified champion of South Africa .
Pushpa Pradhan ( born November 25 , 1981 ) is a member of the India women 's national field hockey team .
Adriaan van der Hoop ( 28 April 1778 , Amsterdam -- 17 March 1854 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch banker and in the first half of the 19th century one of the richest men in the Netherlands .
Gheorghe Ghimpu ( July 26 , 1937 in Coloniţa -- November 13 , 2000 ) was a Romanian politician and a political prisoner in the former Soviet Union and then Moldova .
Chinggeltei ( 12 June 1924 -- 27 December 2013 ; also Činggeltei , Chinggaltai , Chenggeltai , or Chenggeltei ) was a professor of linguistics at the Inner Mongolia University in Hohhot , Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , focusing on the Mongolic languages .
Hope Fleming Mackenzie ( May 24 , 1821 -- June 4 , 1866 ) was a Scottish - born cabinet - maker , shipbuilder and political figure in Canada West .
William Horace Nunn ( 8 August 1891 -- 4 February 1957 ) was a New Zealand rugby footballer who played both rugby union and rugby league .
Vladimir Ponkin is a Russian principal conductor , Professor and a recipient of both the Golden Mask and People 's Artist of Russia award from Irkutsk .
Shawn Slovo ( 1950 ) is a screenwriter , best known for the film A World Apart , based on her childhood in South Africa under apartheid .
Rhea Fairbairn of Canada ( 1890 - 1953 ) was an amateur tennis player .
Professor Siegfried Blechert studied chemistry at the University of Hannover , Germany and completed his PhD under the supervision of Professor Ekkehard Winterfeldt in 1974 .
Serge Gauya ( born Serge Gauye , 1977 Sion , Switzerland ) is a Swiss singer and record producer .
Anel Omar Rodríguez ( died March 10 , 2009 ) was a Panamanian politician , who served as Panama 's Minister of Culture and deputy Minister of Labor during his career .
Gyula Kállai ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɟulɒ ˈkaːlːɒi ) ; 1 June 1910 -- 12 March 1996 ) was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the People 's Republic of Hungary from 1965 to 1967 and as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary 1967 - -1971 .
Wilhelm Jensen was born at Heiligenhafen in the Duchy of Holstein ( now Germany ) , the natural son of Swenn Hans Jensen ( 1795 - -1855 ) , the Mayor of the city of Kiel , later administrator ( Landvogt ) of the German / Danish island of Sylt , who came of old patrician Frisian stock .
Rogelia Cruz Martínez ( 1940 - January 11 , 1968 ) was a Guatemalan left - wing activist , the 1958 Miss Guatemala Universe winner , and Guatemala 's representative in the 1959 Miss Universe pageant .
Mario Tchou ( 1924 - -1961 ) , was an Italian engineer , of Chinese descent , a pioneer of computer science in Italy .
Abbasuddin Ahmed ( 27 October 1901 -- 30 December 1959 ) was a Bengali folk song composer and singer born in the Bengal province of British India .
Valery Kipelov was born in 1958 at Kapotnya , Moscow , in Russian SFSR , Soviet Union .
Pushkar Sharma is a medical scientist working in the National Institute of Immunology , New Delhi , India .
Sumit Sangwan ( born January 1 , 1993 in Sohana , Haryana , India ) is an Indian amateur boxer .
The Chenghua Emperor ( Chinese : 成化 ; pinyin : Chénghuà ; 9 December 1447 -- 9 September 1487 ) , born Zhu Jianshen , was Emperor of the Ming dynasty in China , between 1464 and 1487 .
Umika Kawashima ( born March 3 , 1994 in Saitama Prefecture , Japan ) is a Japanese idol , singer , and actress .
Ron Gibbs ( born 14 April 1962 in Brewarrina , New South Wales ) is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played professionally in Australia and England .
António Mendes Belo was born at São Pedro , Gouveia , ( District of Guarda ) , Portugal , son of Miguel Mendes Belo and wife Rosalina dos Santos de Almeida da Mota .
Pilín León ( born Carmen Josefina León Crespo , May 19 , 1963 ) is a Venezuelan writer for newspapers who won the 1981 Miss World pageant , held in London , United Kingdom , representing Venezuela .
During the Spring 1941 Resettlement of Baltic Germans , Walter Zapp moved to Germany .
Miguel Donoso Pareja ( July 13 , 1931 -- March 16 , 2015 ) was an Ecuadorian writer and 2006 Premio Eugenio Espejo Award - winner ( Ecuador 's National Prize in literature , given by the President of Ecuador ) .
Oswald Freisler ( 29 December 1895 in Hamelin -- 4 March 1939 in Berlin ) was a lawyer in Nazi Germany and the brother of the Judge President of the People 's Court , Roland Freisler .
Verona Pooth ( born Verona Feldbusch , April 30 , 1968 in La Paz , Bolivia ) is a German television personality , beauty pageant winner , and an occasional actress .
Jean Obeid ( born 8 May 1939 ) is a Lebanese journalist and politician , who served at different cabinet posts last of which was foreign minister of Lebanon from 2003 to 2004 .
Mihai Leca ( born 14 April 1992 in Romania ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Zakho FC as a centre back .
Stergios Psianos ( Greek : Στέργιος Ψιάνος , born 12 September 1989 in Kozani ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Apollon Smyrnis in the Football League ( Greece ) .
Časlav Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Часлав Ђорђевић ; born 16 February 1942 ) is a Serbian writer and a member of the Association of Writers of Serbia .
Lloyd Daley also known as Lloyd 's the Matador ( born 12 July 1939 , Kingston , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican electronic technician , sound system pioneer , studio engineer and reggae producer .
Leonardo Cauteruchi ( born April 5 , 1973 in Mar del Plata ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine former football goalkeeper who played for clubs in Argentina and Chile .
R. Selvaraj is a Member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) representing Neyyattinkara constituency , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
Mathurin Anghiley ( 3 June 1886 in Libreville , Gabon - 1 June 1949 in Libreville ) was a Gabonese politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1947 .
Eddy Paape was born in Grivegnée ( now a part of Liège ) , Belgium in 1920 .
Roberto de Miranda ( born 1947 in Camagüey , Cuba ) is a Cuban professor and head of the College of Independent Teachers of Cuba , which a non - governmental organization that he founded in July 1992 .
Milada Emmerová ( born 4 November 1944 ) is a Czech doctor , politician and former Minister of Health for the Czech Republic .
Sándor Fodor ( Dunaújváros , Hungary , 1954 ) well known as a Hungarian sculptor .
Nils Johan Ekdahl ( 27 April 1799 in Fågeltofta , Sweden -- 20 December 1870 in Stockholm , Sweden ) was a Swedish theologian , political writer and cultural historian .
Augustine Van de Vyver ( 1 December 1844 in Haasdonk , East Flanders , Belgium -- 16 October 1911 in Richmond , Virginia , United States ) was a Belgian - American Catholic priest , who became the sixth Bishop of Richmond , Virginia .
Ante Kotromanović ( pronounced ( ǎːnte kotromǎːnoʋitɕ ) ; born 8 May 1968 ) is Croatian politician and army officer who served as Defense Minister of Croatia from December 2011 until January 2016 .
Steen Steensen Blicher ( 11 October 1782 , Vium -- 26 March 1848 in Spentrup ) was an author and poet born in Vium near Viborg , Denmark .
Justus de Harduwijn , also written Hardwijn , Herdewijn , Harduyn or Harduijn ( 11 April 1582 - Oudegem , 21 June 1636 ) , was a 17th - century Roman Catholic priest and poet from the Southern Netherlands .
Kaoru Mende ( born June 12 , 1950 in Tokyo , Japan ) is an architectural lighting designer from Japan .
Peter Ebert ( born 6 April 1918 , Frankfurt am Main , Germany - d. 25 December 2012 , Sussex , England ) was a German opera director .
Alla Vasilenko ( original name : Алла Василенко ; born 12 June 1972 ) is a former track and road cyclist from Kazakhstan .
Jacques Balthazart , born on June 29 , 1949 in Liège Belgium ( Belgique ) , is a Belgian biologist who specializes in behavioral neuroendocrinology , author of multiple publications and working at the University of Liege .
He was born in Saint - Antoine - sur - Richelieu , Canada East , the son of notary Victor Gladu and Adée Perrin , and was educated at the Jesuit College in Montreal .
Considered one of the most humble and loving pastors of Brazil , Márcio Valadão was affectionately nicknamed `` paistor '' ( father ) Márcio by members of his church .
Reynaldo Malonzo or Rey Malonzo was a former Filipino actor , film director and politician in the Philippines .
Kane Ferris is a New Zealand rugby league player who previously played in the National Rugby League .
Pedro Almíndez Chirino ( or Pedro Almíndez Chirinos ) was a conquistador born in Úbeda and member of several councils that governed New Spain while Hernán Cortés was traveling to Honduras , in 1525 - 26 .
Norma Abdala de Matarazzo ( born 13 April 1948 ) is the First Vice President of the Argentina 's Chamber of Deputies .
Brice Guyart ( born 15 March 1981 in Suresnes ) is a foil fencer from France .
Calixto Bravo Villaso ( 1790 in Chilpancingo , Guerrero -- April 5 , 1878 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican colonel , he was a cousin of Nicolás Bravo .
Jeanna Petyarre is from the Utopia district of Central Australia and her works feature in a number of collections including the National Gallery of Australia , Canberra , and the Holmes a Court Collection , Perth , as well as many private collections worldwide .
Dean Anastasiadis ( born 6 June 1970 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a former Australian football ( soccer ) player .
Jean - Abdo Arbach , BC , ( born on June 28 , 1952 in Yabroud , Syria ) is the current archeparch of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Homs , Hama and Yabroud .
Damon Keating ( born 25 July 1974 in Brisbane , Australia ) was an Australian rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition .
Barsaman Pun is a Nepali politician who was a Finance Minister of Nepal from August 2011 to March 2013 .
Voltaire Gazmin ( born October 22 , 1944 in Moncada , Tarlac ) is a Filipino soldier who is the 35th and current Secretary of the Department of National Defense of the Philippines .
Hiroyuki Saito ( 斎藤 弘幸 ) ( born May 25 , 1961 in Kawasaki , Japan ) is a professional wrestler best known by the shortened name of Hiro Saito ( ヒロ 斉藤 ) .
Zaza Tuschmalischvili ( * May 15 , 1960 in Skra , Georgia ) is a Georgian painter , living and working in Berlin since 1991 .
Vishwanath Vaman Bapat , also known as Vasant Bapat ( Devanagari : वसंत बापट ) ( July 25 , 1922 -- September 17 , 2002 ) was a Marathi poet from Maharashtra , India .
Liu Bingyan ( Chinese : 刘秉彦 ) ( 1915 - -1998 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Omar Souleyman is a musician from the village of Tell Tamer near the city of Ra 's al-'Ayn in the northeastern region of Syria .
Since retiring from the ATP circuit , Krajicek runs The Richard Krajicek Foundation , which builds sports facilities for children in inner - city areas in the Netherlands .
Abir Muhaisen ( born 1973 ) was adopted by King Hussein of Jordan and his third wife Queen Alia after Muhaisen 's biological mother was killed by a plane crash at a Palestinian refugee camp in Amman , Jordan in 1976 .
Born in the outskirts of Stavanger , Norway on 16 February 1973 , Hans - Peter Lindstrøm is a multi - instrumentalist , DJ and producer who goes by the name of `` Lindstrøm '' .
He was born in Golden Lake , Ontario , Upper Canada in 1838 , the son of John Lorn McDougall , Sr ..
Taru Sinikka Mönkäre ( born 6 March 1947 ) is a Finnish politician who served as minister in different cabinets of Finland .
DJ Layla , born in Chișinău , Moldavian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Moldovan DJ . She is best known for her 2009 hit `` Single Lady '' , which won the `` Most airplayed songs 2009 '' at Radio România Actualităţi Awards and reached the top 40 charts in Romania , Moldova and Russia .
Jason deCaires Taylor ( born 12 August 1974 in Dover , Kent county , United Kingdom ) is a British sculptor and creator of the world 's first underwater sculpture park - the Molinere Underwater Sculpture Park - and underwater museum .
Jaffar Khan ( Urdu : عمران حسین‎ ; born on March 10 , 1981 ) is a Pakistani footballer , who is the current captain of Pakistan Army FC .
In J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle - earth legendarium , Malbeth the Seer was a sage of Arthedain who was remembered for two prophecies .
Mourad Medelci ( born 30 April 1943 ) is an Algerian politician who served in the government of Algeria as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2007 to 2013 .
Naeto C is from Owerri in Imo State , Nigeria ;
Athanasios John Traicos ( born 17 May 1947 ) is a former cricketer who represented South Africa and Zimbabwe at international level .
Gus Gordon ( born in Sydney , 1971 ) is a children 's book illustrator and writer based in Sydney , Australia .
Lisa Alborghetti is an Italian football midfielder , currently playing for ACF Brescia in Italy 's Serie A. An Under-19 international , she scored two goals in the 2011 U-19 European Championship against Russia and Belgium .
Martín de Padilla y Manrique , 1st Count of Santa Gadea , Adelantado of Castile , ( Calatañazor , present - day Castile and León , 1540 -- El Puerto de Santa María , 1602 ) , secretary of state and war of Philip II of Spain , was a Spanish Admiral during the Anglo--
V.R. Raghava Krishna ( born 1987 ) is a Carnatic music vocalist from Chennai , India .
Tristan Moran ( born 15 August 1983 in Blenheim , New Zealand ) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a prop for Bay of Plenty Steamers in the ITM Cup and the Hurricanes and Chiefs in Super Rugby .
Adolf Muschg was born in Zollikon , canton of Zurich , Switzerland .
Francesc Xavier Gil Sánchez ( born 24 May 1982 ) , commonly known as Xavier Gil , is an Andorran footballer , who currently plays for FC Santa Coloma and Andorra national team .
Lieutenant - General A. Chester Hull CMM , DFC , CD ( April 19 , 1919 -- April , 9 2012 ) was a Canadian Forces officer who became Vice Chief of the Defence Staff in Canada .
Robert van de Geijn was born in the Netherlands and moved to the United States while still young .
Hilde Hildebrand was a German actress born in Hanover , Germany on 10 September 1897 .
Jean Baptiste Baby ( January 5 , 1770 -- October 3 , 1852 ) was a businessman , farmer and political figure in Upper Canada .
Samuel Shobal Ryckman ( January 4 , 1849 -- August 16 , 1929 ) was a grocer , real estate agent and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
Naima Samih ( Arabic : نعيمة سميح ) is a Moroccan artist , born in 1953 in Derb Sultan , Casablanca , Morocco .
G. K. Vasan ( born Govindaswamy Karuppiah Vasan , 28 December 1964 ) is a former Union Minister of Shipping of the Government of India .
The Swedish Humanist Association , known in Sweden as `` Humanisterna '' , offers the Ingemar Hedenius Award each year to support humanist ideas and critical thinking .
Jimmy Bondoc ( born James Patrick Romero Bondoc on May 31 , 1975 ) is a Filipino pop singer from the Philippines .
Sendy Rleal Aquino ( /reɪˈæl/ ; born June 21 , 1980 in San Pedro de Macorís , Dominican Republic ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher .
Gabino Barreda ( b. Puebla , 1818 -- d. Mexico City 1881 ) was a Mexican physician and philosopher oriented to French positivism .
Tamara Adrián ( born 20 February 1954 in Caracas ) is a Venezuelan politician , who was elected to the National Assembly of Venezuela in the Venezuelan parliamentary election , 2015 .
Luis Carlos Asprilla Mosquera ( born July 1 , 1977 Colombia ) is a Colombian football player .
Eylül Cansın ( 1992 -- 5 January 2015 ) was a 23-year - old Turkish transgender woman who committed suicide by jumping off the Bosphorus Bridge in Istanbul , Turkey , despite police 's attempts to stop her .
Jill Forster ( born 1936 ) is a British Australian actress who came to Australia in 1964 .
Marcel Schlechter ( born 9 July 1928 in Luxembourg City ) is a retired Luxembourgian politician and government minister who started his career as a bus driver .
After his death in 1904 , Shaykh Sufi 's resting place became a site of annual pilgrimage for the faithful from across Somalia and East Africa .
Györgyi Zsivoczky - Farkas ( née Farkas ; born February 13 , 1985 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian heptathlete .
Ayatollah Morteza Moghtadai ( born 1936 in Isfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian Shia scholar , and deputy chairman of Society of Seminary Teachers of Qom .
Paloma Varga Weisz ( born 1966 ) is a contemporary artist living in Germany , best known for her sculptures and drawings .
Nola Luxford ( 24 December 1901 -- 10 October 1994 ) was a New Zealand - born film actress of the silent film era , and into the 1930s .
Gary Berkovich , AIA , NCARB ( born May 26 , 1935 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is an American and Soviet architect , and the first Soviet architect of 1960s -- 1980s immigration wave , who had opened his office ( Gary A. Berkovich Associates , 1987 ) in the United States .
Nathalie Cely Suárez ( born 28 December 1965 in Portoviejo ) , is the Minister of Production of Ecuador .
Khadir Ghaïlan ( generally known to English - speakers as Gayland or Guyland ) was a powerful warlord in Morocco during the seventeenth century .
Sohini Ray ( born August 25 , 1966 ) is a classical Manipuri dancer dance - researcher and anthropologist from India currently based in Los Angeles , United States .
Nurul Elfira Loy Binti Ahmad Sabri , was born on 8 March 1994 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia to Ahmad Sabri and Filzah Binti Yusoff .
Indriyanto Nugroho ( born on September 14 , 1976 ) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as striker for Persepam Pamekasan and the Indonesia national team in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup .
Isikeli Vuruna ( born 27 January 1988 at Taveuni , Fiji ) is a Fijian Rugby Union footballer .
Johan Vonlanthen Benavídez ( born 1 February 1986 in Santa Marta , Colombia ) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a winger for Swiss Promotion League side Servette FC .
Marcus André Charles Rose ( 1954- , Melbourne , Australia ) is an artist , lawyer and jeweller .
Virginie Pouchain ( born 1980 in Saint - Montan , Ardèche ) , is a singer and hairdresser from the département of Ardèche in southern France .
Tomás MacCormik ( born June 7 , 1978 in Buenos Aires ) is a field hockey midfielder from Argentina .
Hans Raastad was a leader of the Workers ' Youth League in Norway from 1969 - 1971 .
Andrzej Kremer ( 8 August 1961 in Kraków -- 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish lawyer and diplomat , the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland .
Arben Arbëri ( born 1 June 1964 ) is a former Albanian football who played primarily as a striker for Tomori Berat in Albania and PAS Giannina in Greece .
Lay Raksmey ( born October 29 , 1989 , in Cambodia ) is a footballer for Svay Rieng in the Cambodian League .
Betty Curtis represented Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1961 with her San Remo winning song , which tied for sixth in Cannes .
Erhun Obanor is a Nigerian professional footballer , who plays as a Defender for Abia Warriors F.C. He 's a member of the Nigeria national football team .
Ingen was born on December 7 , 1592 , in Fuqing , Fujian province , during China 's Ming Dynasty .
Digna Luz Murillo Moreno ( born 22 May 1981 in Carepa , Antioquia , Colombia ) is a Spanish athlete competing in the sprinting events .
Siamand Rahman ( born March 22 , 1989 in Oshnaviyeh , Iran ) is an Iranian Kurdish Paralympic powerlifter .
Varavara Rao ( born 3 November 1940 ) is a communist , activist , naxalite sympathiser , renowned poet , journalist , literary critic , and public speaker from Telangana , India .
Gilmak Queiroz da Silva , commonly known as Gilmak , ( born December 2 , 1986 in Horizonte , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for the Brazilian football club Botafogo - SP . He made his debut for Fredrikstad FK as a substitute against Strømmen IF August 8 , 2010 .
Ganesh Thapa ( Nepali : गणेश थापा ) is an ex president of the All Nepal Football Association ( ANFA ) .
Abdul Wardak ( born 15 August 1940 ) is a former Afghanistan track and field athlete , who specialised in hurdling .
Takaanui Hohaia Tarakawa ( 1852 -- 11 December 1919 ) was a notable New Zealand tohunga , historian , genealogist , and writer .
Eystein Glumra ( the Clatterer ) , also called Eystein Ivarsson ( born ca . 805 in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway ) was Jarl ( Earl ) of Oppland and Hedmark in Norway .
Dragan Tomić ( Serbian : Драган Томић ) ( born 1936 in Pristina , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a former Speaker of the National Assembly , holding the position from 1994 to 2001 .
Saint Jean - Théophane Vénard , M.E.P. ( November 21 , 1829 at Saint - Loup - sur - Thouet , Diocese of Poitiers , France -- February 2 , 1861 in Tonkin , Vietnam ) was a French Catholic missionary to Indo - China .
Hetephernebti was a queen of the third dynasty of the Old Kingdom of ancient Egypt .
Tarkan Tüzmen ( born 7 March 1968 ) , known professionally as Tüzmen , is a Turkish singer and actor , known for being a representative for Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 , and being the brother of former minister for Turkey Kürşad Tüzmen .
Ronan Hardiman ( born 1962 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish composer , famous for his soundtracks to Michael Flatley 's dance shows Lord of the Dance , Feet of Flames and Celtic Tiger Live .
Maitland Stewart McCarthy ( February 5 , 1872 -- May 17 , 1930 ) was a politician , lawyer and judge from western Canada .
Faith Anne is the eldest child of Catholic church 's singer and theater actors , Edna and Rodolfo Herminigildo , born in Angono City , Philippines on June 3 , 1994 .
Edmond Delathouwer ( 26 May 1916 - 26 August 1994 ) was a professional road bicycle racer from Belgium .
Halvor Kongsjorden ( 5 November 1911 -- 15 June 1990 ) was a Norwegian sport shooter , World Champion from 1939 and 1947 , Olympic competitor from 1948 , and a resistance member during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany in World War II .
Mary Ann Buxton ( c.1795 -- 18 October 1888 ) was a New Zealand teacher and businesswoman .
Elena Bolotina ( Belarusian : Алена Балоціна ; Russian : Елена Болотина , born September 23 , 1997 in Minsk , Belarus ) is a Belarusian individual rhythmic gymnast .
Rune Ohm ( born June 10 , 1980 in Greve , Denmark ) is a Danish handballplayer ( right back ) who plays for the Danish league team Skjern Håndbold .
Tshuutheni Emvula(born October 19 , 1981 in Berlin , Germany),sometimes known as Becoming Phill is an entrepreneur , hip hop record producer , DJ , composer , and video editor from Windhoek , Namibia .
Sherzod Karimov ( Uzbek : Шерзод Каримов , born 26 January 1989 ) is an Uzbekistan footballer currently playing for Pakhtakor as a Midfielder .
Ayesha Gaddafi was appointed as the United Nations Development Program National Goodwill Ambassador for Libya on 24 July 2009 , primarily to address the issues of HIV / AIDS , poverty and women 's rights in Libya , all of which are culturally sensitive topics in the country .
Willem de Rooij ( born 1969 in Beverwijk , Netherlands ) is an artist working in a variety of media , including film and installation .
Duncan Garner ( 8 March 1974 ) is a New Zealand radio and television host and journalist .
Brigadier General Trần Quang Khôi was a general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
Tarcísio Magalhães Sobrinho , usually known as Tarcísio Meira ( born October 5 , 1935 in São Paulo ) is a well - known actor in Brazil .
Colin Kazim - Richards ( born 26 August 1986 ) , also known as Colin Kâzım , Kâzım or Kâzım Kâzım , is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Celtic and internationally for the Turkey national team .
Stoffel Vandoorne ( born 26 March 1992 ) is a professional racing driver from Belgium , currently competing in the GP2 Series with ART Grand Prix .
Nedo Nadi was born in Livorno , Italy , the elder son of famous Italian fencing master , Giuseppe ( Beppe ) Nadi .
José de Santiago Concha Jiménez Lobatón ( ? - ? ) was interim Governor of Chile from April 1801 to December 1801 .
Franz Klammer ( born 3 December 1953 ) is a former champion alpine ski racer from Austria .
Professor Rajendra Prasad Das is credited with discovery of a chalcolithic site in the Prehistoric Ganges Basin of India , an importance archaeological find .
Kotozakura Masakatsu ( 琴櫻 傑將 , November 26 , 1940 -- August 14 , 2007 ) was a former sumo wrestler from Kurayoshi , Tottori , Japan .
Ali Nasr ( 1891 - 1961 ) was an Iranian dramatist and playwright and one of the founders of theatres in Iran .
Justin Warsylewicz ( born 19 October 1985 in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is a Canadian speedskater .
George Stewart Henry ( July 16 , 1871 -- September 2 , 1958 ) was a farmer , businessman and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Siomara Girón was the acting first lady of Honduras from June 28 , 2009 to January 27 , 2010 .
Hugo Correa ( Curepto May 24 , 1926 -- Santiago de Chile March 23 , 2008 ) was a Chilean journalist and science fiction writer , and is widely credited with launching modern science fiction in Latin America .
Didi Priyadi is a musician and songwriter from Jakarta , Indonesia who is most notable for his brief stint as a guest guitarist for avant - garde metal band Kekal , his pop punk band Happy Day , and for his role as front man for progressive goth metal band in Memoriam .
Nicolas Saint - Martin ( August 10 , 1753 -- July 12 , 1823 ) was a militia officer and political figure in Lower Canada .
George Mraz ( born Jiří Mráz on 9 September 1944 in Písek , Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia , now Czech Republic ) is a jazz bassist and alto saxophonist .
André Burthe d'Annelet de Rosenthal ( 1772 - -1830 ) was a Baron of France .
Philip Ashton Smithells ( 12 April 1910 -- 13 January 1977 ) was a New Zealand physical educationalist and university professor .
José Augusto Alves Roçadas ( 6 April 1865 in Vila Real , Portugal - 28 June 1926 ) was an officer of the Portuguese Army and a colonial administrator .
General Girolamo Ramorino ( 8 April 1792 -- 22 May 1849 ) was born in Genoa , in northern Italy .
Mohammad Nosrati ( Persian : محمد نصرتى‎‎ , born January 10 , 1981 in Karaj , Iran ) is an Iranian Football player .
During his stay in Deccan from 1591 - -3 , Faizi wrote a celebrated series of reports on political and cultural conditions of Deccan , as well as contemporary Iran .
Leo Trepp ( March 4 , 1913 -- September 2 , 2010 ) was a German - born American rabbi who was the last surviving rabbi who had led a congregation in Nazi Germany during the early days of The Holocaust .
Enzo Traverso ( born 14 October 1957 in Gavi , Piedmont region , Italy ) is an Italian historian who has written on issues relating to the Holocaust and totalitarianism .
Tito Steiner ( born March 1 , 1952 ) is a retired decathlete of German descent who represented Argentina in the 1970s and 1980s .
Born into an ethnic Armenian family in Azerbaijan , Karapet Karapetyan moved to the Netherlands aged sixteen in 1998 in the aftermath of the Nagorno - Karabakh War , initially living in Rotterdam before settling in Nijmegen with his parents and two sisters .
Arthur Langan Haddon ( 3 October 1895 - -17 December 1961 ) was a New Zealand Church of Christ minister , theological college principal , writer and ecumenical leader .
Anubha Bhonsle is an Executive Editor of CNN - IBN and a TV and print journalist based in India .
Raúl Macías Guevara ( July 28 , 1934 in Mexico City - March 23 , 2009 ) was a former Mexican boxer and boxing trainer .
Ron Johnston ( 31 December 1930 -- 28 July 2014 ) in Dunedin , New Zealand was a former speedway rider who rode for the Belle Vue Aces .
Raphael Mechoulam ( Hebrew : רפאל משולם‎ ) ( born 1930 ) is an Israeli organic chemist and professor of Medicinal Chemistry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel .
Varun Sood ( born 12 October 1990 in Delhi , India ) is a cricketer who plays for Delhi in Indian domestic cricket .
Rasmus Festersen ( born 26 August 1986 in Viborg , Denmark ) is a Danish footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder / striker for OB in the Danish Superliga .
The name of Michele Amatore was not given when he was born ( probably ) in the Nuba mountains of the Sudan .
Raghunandan Swarup Pathak , ( R. S. Pathak ) ( 25 November 1924 -- 17 November 2007 ) was the 18th Chief Justice of India .
Mikael Håkanson ( born May 31 , 1974 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player who last played with the Linköpings HC team in the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL , formerly named Elitserien or SEL ) , the top - tier league in Sweden .
Claus Spahn ( born 15 May 1940 in Bottrop , Germany ) is a former TV programme editor of Germany 's Westdeutscher Rundfunk ( WDR ) broadcasting corporation , a presenter , producer and author .
Fizuli Alakbarov Hasan oglu ( Azerbaijani : Füzuli Ələkbərov Həsən oğlu ) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Minister of Labor and Social Protection of Population of Azerbaijan Republic .
Praveen Kumar first came to limelight for his performances for India Red in the NKP Salve Challenger Trophy 2007 .
Ernest Frederick Armstrong ( July 14 , 1878 in Flesherton , Ontario , Canada -- March 14 , 1948 ) was a Canadian politician and dental surgeon .
Christian David Ginsburg ( 25 December 1831 in Warsaw , Congress Poland ( now Poland ) -- 7 March 1914 in Palmers Green , Middlesex , England ) was a Polish - born , British Bible scholar and student of the masoretic tradition in Judaism .
Mike Arnaoutis ( Mighty Mike ) ( born September 6 , 1979 in Zefyri , Athens , Greece ) is a professional boxer in the welterweight ( 147 lb ) division .
Andrew Kennaway Henderson ( 25 May 1879 -- 17 January 1960 ) was a New Zealand clerk , illustrator , cartoonist , editor and pacifist .
Jarek Goebel is a New Zealand Rugby league footballer who currently plays with Shellharbour Sharks in the Bundaberg Red Cup .
Emil Lemnaru is the current mayor of the city of Oneşti , situated in Bacău County , Romania .
Job Osborne ( 1842 - -1931 ) was a New Zealand farmer , contractor and well - sinker .
Tim Naish is a New Zealand glaciologist .
Corey Lof ( born 21 January 1990 in Saint Catharines , Ontario , Canada ) is an English - speaking Canadian actor ( living in Toronto ) .
Bairbre de Brún ( born 10 January 1954 ) is an Irish politician and former Member of the European Parliament for Northern Ireland .
Andreas Hinterstoisser was born on October 3 , 1914 in Bad Reichenhall , Bavaria , Germany , where he was raised .
Lütfullah Kayalar ( born 1952 in Yozgat , Turkey ) is a Turkish lawyer from profession and politician , who served twice as government minister .
Sarat Kumar Kar is a politician and writer from Odisha , India .
Justo Suárez ( b. Buenos Aires , Argentina , January 5 , 1909 - † Cosquín , Córdoba , Argentina , August 10 , 1938 ) , nicknamed `` El Torito de Mataderos '' ( `` The Little Bull of Mataderos ) '' , was a popular Argentine light weight boxer .
Özge Özpirinçci is a popular television and movie actress in Turkey .
Víctor González Fuentes was de facto president of Bolivia for less than a day , and is a former military general and a member of the military junta that ruled the country from 1971 - -1978 .
Ratnayake Mudiyanselage Chandrasiri Bandara Ratnayake ( known as C. B. Ratnayake ) is a Sri Lankan politician , a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister .
Anna Sofie Jakobsen ( Chinese : 鄭安娜 , Pinyin : Zhèng ānnà , 8 November 1860 , Kristiansand , Norway - 1913 , China ) , also named Anna Cheng , was a Norwegian missionary to China belonging to the Evangelical Lutheran Free Church and later with the China Inland Mission .
Henrik Dethloff ( 1867 - 17 June 1925 ) was a Norwegian philatelist who was a specialist in the stamps of Norway .
Tigranes I of Armenia ( Armenian : Տիրան Ա ) reigned as King of Armenia from 115 BC to 95 BC . Artavasdes I did not leave any heir ; his brother , Tigranes ascended to the throne of the Artaxiads .
Aloma Mariam Mukhtar ( born 20 November 1944 ) is a Nigerian jurist and former Chief Justice of Nigeria from July 2012 to November 2014 .
Victor Olabisi Onabanjo ( February 12 , 1927 -- April 14 , 1990 ) was governor of Ogun State in Nigeria from October 1979 --
Mohammed Naseeb Qureshy ( MN Qureshy ) ( 4 January 1933 -- 2005 ) was a prominent geologist from India .
Greg Urwin was born on 21 August 1946 , in Lithgow , New South Wales , Australia , to parents Frank and Verna Urwin .
Louis de Caix d'Hervelois ( pronounced : ( lwi də ke də‿ɛʁ.və.lwa ) ; ca . 1670 , France--18 October 1759 , France ) was a composer of chamber music .
Valentina Meredova ( née Nazarova ; born 29 September 1984 ) is a Turkmenistan sprinter .
Malla Reddy Institute of Dental Sciences ( MRIDS ) and Malla Reddy Dental College for Woman ( MRDCW ) from the academic year 2013 - 2014 , thereby making him the only person in India to achieve such a feat .
İsmail Türüt ( born 8 June 1965 at Rize , Turkey ) is a Turkish folk singer from the Black Sea Region .
Claudio Crocco ( born May 12 , 1958 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer who has played for clubs in Argentina and Chile .
Salim Salimov ( Bulgarian : Салим Салимов ) ( born 5 May 1982 ) is an ethnic Turkish boxer from Bulgaria .
A.J. Freeley or Freely is a semi - retired New Zealand professional wrestler .
Erik Hassle ( born 26 August 1988 in Katrineholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish pop singer - songwriter .
Rokia Traoré ( born January 26 , 1974 ) is a Victoires de la Musique award - winning Malian singer , songwriter and guitarist , born in Mali as a member of the Bambara ethnic group .
Ai Kuwabara ( born September 21 , 1991 ) is a modern jazz pianist from Chiba , Japan .
Elia Frosio ( 22 January 1913 -- 4 February 2005 ) was a professional cyclist from Italy .
John Gaskin ( April 3 , 1840 -- March 21 , 1908 ) was a ship 's captain , business manager and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Satish Chandra Mukherjee ( Bengali : সতীশচন্দ্র মুখোপাধ্যায় ) ( 5 June 1865 -- 18 April 1948 ) was a pioneer in establishing a system of national education in India , along with Sri Aurobindo .
Sher Bahadur Kunwor ( Nepali : शेरबहादुर कुँवर ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) .
Joachim Ziesche ( born July 3 , 1939 in Dresden , Nazi Germany ) is a retired ice hockey defender .
From 1999 to present , Tony Fretton has held the post of Professor within the Chair of Architecture and Interiors at TU Delft , the Netherlands .
Ras - I Alujah Bramble ( born Livingstone Bramble on September 3 , 1960 in Saint Kitts and Nevis ) is a boxer .
Pandeli Evangjeli ( 1859 -- September 14 , 1949 ) was an Albanian politician and Prime Minister of Albania twice .
Born in Turin , Italy in 1965 , Giorgio Li Calzi started overdubbing piano and synthesizer as a child , and in 1990 he began to play the trumpet .
Ademir Roque Kaefer ( born January 6 , 1960 in Toledo , Paraná , Brazil ) was a former Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
Khem Bahadur Bum ( Nepali : खेम बहादुर बम ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Leonel Herrera Rojas ( born October 10 1948 , in Tierra Amarilla , Chile ) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for Colo Colo , Unión Española and O'Higgins and the Chile national football team .
Rita Kieber - Beck ( born December 27 , 1958 ) was the Foreign Affairs Minister of the Principality of Liechtenstein .
Hans Anton Aalien ( born 21 September 1958 ) is a blind skier from Norway .
Abderrahmane Farès ( Arabic : عبدالرحمن فارس‎‎ ; ALA - LC : ʿAbd ar - Raḥman Fāris ; Kabyle : Ɛebderaḥman Fares ⵄⴻⴱⴷⴻⵔⴰⵃⵎⴰⵏ ⴼⴰⵔⴻⵙ ; January 30 , 1911 -- May 13 , 1991 ) was the Chairman of the Provisional Executive of Algeria from 3 July 1962 to 20 September 1962 .
Baron Jacob Magnus Sprengtporten ( 1727 , in Finland -- 2 April 1786 , in Biskopsudden , Stockholm ) was a Swedish and Finnish officer and politician , and half - brother of Georg Magnus Sprengtporten .
Panuwat Failai ( Thai : ภานุวัฒน์ ไฟไหล , born March 15 , 1986 ) , simply known as Top ( Thai : ท็อป ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Shi Lim ( simplified Chinese : 林诗 ; traditional Chinese : 林詩 ; born 1988 ) is a Singaporean who won the title of Miss Singapore Universe and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant .
Gentiana Ramadani ( born c. 1982 ) was Miss Albania 2000 .
Neil Reimer ( July 3 , 1921 -- March 29 , 2011 ) was an activist , trade unionist and former political figure in Canada .
Leonel Moura ( born December 26 , 1948 in Lisbon , Portugal ) is a conceptual artist whose work shifted in the late 1990s from photo based work to Artificial Intelligence and Robotic art . Since then he has produced several Painting Robots and the Robotarium , a zoo for robots .
José Julio Rey ( born 13 January 1972 in Toledo , Spain ) is a Spanish long - distance runner who mostly concentrates on the marathon race .
Natalio Portillo ( born October 15 , 1979 in Las Palmas ( Chaco ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Atlético Minero of the Peruvian Segunda División .
Marcel Bérard ( born February 14 , 1933 ) was a politician in the Quebec , Canada .
Martin Wimmer ( born October 11 , 1957 in Munich ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany .
Darius Kampa ( Polish : Dariusz Kampa ; born 16 January 1977 in Kędzierzyn - Koźle , Silesia , Poland ) is a German former football player .
Nan Hoover ( 12 May 1931 -- 9 June 2008 ) was a Dutch / American - expatriate artist who is known for her pioneering work in video art , photography and performance art . She spent almost four decades living and working in the Netherlands .
Elena Mărgărit - Niculescu ( -Dobrovolschi , -Fodor ) ( born October 25 , 1936 in Timişoara , Romania ) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who represented Romania at the 1956 Olympic Games and at the 1960 Olympic Games .
Subrata Roy Chowdhury is an Indian lawyer who has distinguished himself as a practitioner both in the Supreme Court of India and in the Calcutta High Court .
Maciej Kuciapa ( born November 23 , 1975 in Ropczyce , Poland ) is a Polish speedway rider .
Hellmut May ( June 9 , 1921 -- November 11 , 2011 ) was a figure skater who represented Austria at the Winter Olympics in 1936 and 1948 .
Friedrich Grünanger ( 25 January 1856 -- 14 December 1929 ) was an Austro - Hungarian architect who worked primarily in Bulgaria .
Vera Lopes ( born 1 April 1982 ) is a Portuguese handball player who plays for ÍBV in Iceland 's Oldis - Women 's League and the Portugal women 's national handball team .
Mateusz Chruściński ( born November 29 , 1987 in Katowice , Poland ) is a Polish figure skater who competed as a single skater and pair skater .
Masoud Zarei ( Persian : مسعود زارعی ‎ , born August 25 , 1981 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian footballer , currently a member of the IPL club Mes Kerman .
Bouchaib Abdelhadi , a native of Casablanca , Morocco , has had a distinguished musical career on both sides of the Atlantic .
H. Gordon Barrett ( August 20 , 1915 in Thorold , Ontario , Canada -- May 30 , 1993 ) was a Canadian politician and safety director .
Aslam Azhar ( Urdu : اسلم اظہر‎ ; September 1932 -- 29 December 2015 ) was a Pakistan Television executive , considered to be the `` father of Pakistan Television '' .
Nirmala Bhuria is minister of state for health in Government of Madhya Pradesh in India .
James Ikechukwu Esomugha , popularly known as Jim Iyke , is a Nigerian actor in Nigeria 's movie industry ( popularly called Nollywood ) and one of the stars of the movie Last Flight to Abuja alongside Omotola Jalade Ekeinde and Hakeem Kae - Kazim .
Daniele Trinchero received the Laurea degree in electronic engineering and Ph.D. degree in electronic and telecommunication engineering from the Politecnico di Torino , Turin , Italy , in 1993 and 1997 , respectively .
Jean - Michel Othoniel is a contemporary artist born in 1964 in Saint - Etienne ( France ) .
Abdulmumini M. Hassan Zareku is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Jigawa South West constituency of Jigawa State , Nigeria in the April 2011 Federal elections .
Alhaji Mohamed Kakay is a Sierra Leonean politician who is a member of parliament of Sierra Leone representing his hometown of Koinadugu District , one of the five districts that make up the Northern Province .
Pablo Arosemena Alba ( 24 September 1836 , in Panama City -- 19 August 1920 ) was First Vice President of Panama and in that capacity also acting president of Panama from October 5 , 1910 to October 1 , 1912 .
Fatih Karaca ( 31 August 1985 , Mersin , Turkey ) better known with his stage name Mabel Matiz , is a Turkish pop music singer - song writer .
Nguyễn Phan Long ( 1889 - -1960 ) served as Prime Minister of the State of Vietnam in January 1950 .
Justice Sabihuddin Ahmed ( Urdu : صبیح الدین احمد‎ ; 1949 - 2009 ) was a former Chief Justice of the Sindh High Court and a justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan .
Shishunala Sharif ( Kannada : ಸಂತ ಶಿಶುನಾಳ ಶರೀಫ , 1819 - -1889 ) was a saint poet , philosopher and social reformer from the state of Karnataka in India .
Joachim Godske Moltke was Prime Minister of Denmark .
Hans Ritter von Adam was born as Hans Adam on 24 May 1886 , in Bayerisch Eisenstein in the Lower Bavaria region of the Kingdom of Bavaria ( a town now divided between Germany and the Czech Republic ) , son of a railway official , Andreas Adam , and his wife Hildegard née Fischer .
Latifa Ben Mansour 's novel La Prière de la peur tells the story of Hanan , a young woman returning to her family in Algeria after living several years in France .
Lida Abdul is a video artist and performance artist from Afghanistan .
Peter Seton Hay ( c.1853 - -19 March 1907 ) was a New Zealand civil engineer and public servant .
Robert Kasprzak ( born 8 April 1987 in Leszno , Poland ) is an international speedway rider who was a member of Poland U-21 national team .
At the peak of his career , Richarlyson was called by the Brazil national football team 's coach Dunga for their friendly against Republic of Ireland .
Jayan Kaushal Silva ( born May 27 , 1986 , Colombo ) is a professional Sri Lanka test cricketer .
Ričardas Zdančius ( born 17 January 1967 in Gargždai ) is a former Lithuanian professional footballer , member of the Lithuania national team .
Pere Puig Subinyà ( Sant Hipòlit de Voltregà , Spain 1914 -- La Paz , Bolivia 1999 ) was a Catalan politician and businessman .
Jangir Maddadi , born in Kurdistan in 1979 , is an industrial designer living in Kalmar , Sweden and the owner of Jangir Maddadi Design Bureau .
Günther von Hundelshausen ( born 8 October 1980 ) is a Namibian footballer with SK Windhoek in the Namibia Premier League .
Frederick Philipse ( born Frederick Flypsen , 1626 , Bolsward , Netherlands -- December 23 , 1702 ) , Lord of the Manor of Philipseborough ( Philipsburg ) , was a Dutch immigrant to North America of Bohemian heritage .
Oscar Loew ( 2 April 1844 -- 26 January 1941 ) was a German agricultural chemist , active in Germany , the United States , and Japan in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Ana Casares ( 1930 in Stanisławów , Poland -- March 13 , 2007 in Buenos Aires ) was a Polish - Argentine film actress .
Diogo de Arruda was the master builder of the Convent of Christ in Tomar , Portugal between 1510 and 1513 .
Beatrice Mary Barth ( 11 May 1877 - -14 January 1966 ) was a New Zealand piano teacher .
Robert Graeme Pollock ( born 27 February 1944 in Durban , Natal Province , Union of South Africa ) is a former cricketer for South Africa , Transvaal and Eastern Province .
Ahmed Ben Cheikh Attoumane ( born 1938 ) is a former politician in the Comoros .
Major General Sir Fred Thompson Bowerbank KBE MC ED ( 30 April 1880 - -25 August 1960 ) was a New Zealand medical doctor and military administrator .
Bertrand Freiesleben ( born 4 October 1967 , in Lübeck , West Germany ) is a German artist .
Fereshta Samah ( Pashto : فرشته سما ) is an Afghan - Demographics of Afghanistan singer from Afghanistan .
Rod Drury ( born 1966 ) is a technology entrepreneur from Wellington , New Zealand .
Maria Novosiltseva ( 1830 - 1910 ) , was a Russian Empire pedagogue .
Stanimir Vukićević ( born August 28 , 1948 in Istok , Serbia ) is the current ambassador of Serbia to Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Elisabeth Gerle ( born December 8 , 1951 ) is Professor of ethics with a special focus on human rights at Uppsala University and Ethicist at the Research Department , Church of Sweden .
Charlotte Selver ( April 4 , 1901 in Ruhrort ( Duisburg ) , Germany -- August 22 , 2003 in Muir Beach , California ; née Wittgenstein ) was a German music educator .
Dame Ngaio Marsh DBE ( /ˈnaɪ.oʊ/ ; 23 April 1895 -- 18 February 1982 ) , born Edith Ngaio Marsh , was a New Zealand crime writer and theatre director .
Giovanna Bassi ( 1762 - -1834 ) was an Italian ballerina who spent the majority of her career in Sweden .
Ann Boyce ( 20 November 1827 -- 28 February 1914 ) was a New Zealand founding mother and herbalist .
Sara Carrigan OAM ( born 7 September 1980 in Gunnedah , New South Wales ) is a professional cyclist from Australia , who commenced her cycling career in 1996 at the age of fifteen and is currently a member of the Belgian Lotto - Belisol Ladiesteam .
Ebrahim Shakouri ( Persian : ابراهيم شكورى‎ , born 16 February in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Saipa in the Iran Pro League .
Kumar Ram Narain Karthikeyan ( born 14 January 1977 , in Coimbatore ) is the first Formula One motor racing driver from India .
Born in Havana , Zonia Vialat was one of seven girls born in Cuba to play in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League in its twelve - year history .
Lucien Berthelot ( 1903 - -1985 ) of France , was a philatelist who helped restore the administration of French philately after World War II .
Ben Shearer ( born 1941 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian artist who specializes in watercolor painting of the Outback .
Débora Bloch ( May 29 , 1963 in Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actress .
Yoshinao Kamata ( 釜田 佳直 , born October 26 , 1993 in Komatsu , Ishikawa ) is a Japanese professional baseball pitcher for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Marie - Amélie Le Fur ( born 26 September 1988 ) is a Paralympic athlete from France competing in T44 sprint and F44 long jump events .
El Anatsui ( born 1944 ) is a Ghanaian sculptor active for much of his career in Nigeria .
A / P Chin Tet Yung ( born 2 August 1951 , in Sabah , Malaysia ) was a Singaporean Member of Parliament for Sembawang GRC , and also served previously as the chairman of the Government Parliamentary Committee for Home Affairs and Law from 2002 to 2005 .
Alfred Ernest Cousins ( 24 October 1852 -- 25 June 1935 ) was a New Zealand engraver and stamp designer .
Kerre McIvor ( née Woodham ) is a New Zealand journalist , radio personality , author and columnist .
Henri Nussbaumer is a French engineer born in Paris , France in 1931 .
Marcus Horatius Pulvillus was a politician in Ancient Rome at the time of the overthrow of the Roman monarchy .
Barys Tasman ( Belarusian : Барыс Тасман ; Russian : Борис Тасман , Boris Tasman ) ( born 13 November 1954 in Minsk , Belarus ) , is one of the most respected sports writers of Belarusian journalism .
Joaquín Mora Fernández ( 16 January 1786 -- 26 October 1862 ) was the provisional head of state of Costa Rica from 1 March to 17 April 1837 .
Chas Gerretsen ( born 22 July 1943 in Groningen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch - born award winning , war photographer , photojournalist and film advertising photographer .
Guillaume Legrant ( Guillaume Lemacherier , Le Grant ) ( fl . 1405 - -1449 ) was a French composer of the early Renaissance , active in Flanders , Italy , and France .
Prasad V. Bharatam is Professor of Medicinal Chemistry at National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research ( NIPER ) , S.A.S. Nagar , India .
Theo Bult is a Dutch former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Lonneker , Netherlands .
Michael Schumann was born in the Soviet occupation zone of what remained of Germany , slightly more than a year after the Second World War had ended in defeat and regime change .
Willy Stöwer , the son of a sea captain , was born in Wolgast , Germany on the Baltic coast .
Mulugeta Abate is an Ethiopian songwriter , arranger , and lyricist popular for his prolific work on about 400 different albums or more than 4000 songs in various languages of Ethiopia .
Mirko Šarović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирко Шаровић ; born 16 September 1956 ) is a Bosnian Serb politician and former Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Christophe Bordeau ( born August 3 , 1968 in Tours , Indre - et - Loire ) is a retired butterfly and freestyle swimmer from France , who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 .
Armen Movsessian ( Armenian : Արմեն Մովսեսյան , born in Yerevan , Armenia ) is a violin player .
Colonel Florencio Flores Aguilar assumed command of the Military of Panama , and was replaced in March 1982 by General Rubén Darío Paredes .
Toshikatsu Yamamoto ( 山元敏勝 , Yamamoto Toshikatsu ) ( born 15 December 1929 Nichinan , Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan ) is a physician who worked in the field of acupuncture .
Mary Josepha Nowland ( 1863 - -1935 ) was a New Zealand catholic nun and teacher .
Elías Pino Iturrieta , ( Boconó , Venezuela , 9 October 1944 ) is a Venezuelan writer and historian .
In 2009 Narek Margaryan and Sergey Sargsyan started ArmComedy first satiric news site in Armenia giving a fresh , funny and controversial interpretation of on current Armenian social and political developments .
Syed Aaley Haider , born at Karachi , Pakistan , on 4 December 1973 , was a cricketer who played first - class cricket in Pakistan for several teams , and also played for and captained the Pakistan Under-19 cricket team in two under-19 Test matches in 1991 - 92 .
Arif Mohammad Khan has advocated abolishing of All India Muslim Personal Law Board .
Fabio Bollini ( born 19 September 1983 ) is a defender from San Marino .
Rane Willerslev is a Danish anthropologist who is Professor at the Institute for Anthropology , Archaeology and Linguistics at the University of Aarhus , in the city of Aarhus , Denmark .
Kyle Tonetti ( born 8 October 1987 ) is a South Africa born former rugby union player , who represented Ireland at various international levels .
Balshastri Jambhekar ( Marathi : बाळशास्त्री जांभेकर ) ( 6 January 1812 -- 18 May 1846 ) is also known as Father of Marathi journalism for his efforts in starting journalism in Marathi language with the first newspaper in the language named ' Darpan ' in the early days of British Rule in India .
Christina Sussiek ( born 4 March 1960 in Werther ) is a retired athlete who represented West Germany .
Luca Tabbiani ( born 13 February 1979 in Genoa ) is an Italian professional footballer currently playing for Lecco in Lega Pro in Italy .
Prudencio Cardona ( born December 22 , 1951 in San Basilio de Palenque , Colombia ) is a former boxer who was world flyweight champion .
Upon returning to Indonesia in 1965 , Sjumandjaja took a job at the Ministry of Information and continued writing screenplays .
Luigi Gaudiano ( born July 3 , 1965 in Pagani , Salerno ) is a former amateur boxer from Italy .
Alexandra Zvorigina ( Russian : Александра Зворыгина , born January 7 , 1991 in Glazov , Russia ) is a Russian - born ice dancer who currently competes for Poland with partner Maciej Bernadowski .
After the contest , he signed a recording contract with Warner Music Philippines and released his self - titled debut album , Christian Bautista .
I.J. Berthe Hess was born Berthe Isapow on 4 November 1925 in Belleville , Paris , France to Russian parents , Joseph and Chaja Isapow , who owned a leather factory and had four other children .
Joy Irwin is a former Natal and South Africa cricketer .
Dragan Jović ( born July 19 , 1963 , in Travnik , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian football coach , currently managing C.D. Primeiro de Agosto in the Angolan Championship .
Girolamo Panzetta , born September 6 , 1962 in Villanova del Battista , is a celebrity from Italy living and working in Japan .
Ghulam Farooq Awan ( Urdu : غلام فاروق اعوان‎ ) ( born 10 February 1961 ) , is a Pakistani lawyer and former adviser to the Prime Minister of Pakistan for law , justice and parliamentary affairs .
In 1577 Petrus Bertius returned to the Netherlands , to study at the University of Leiden .
Lee Langeveldt ( born 10 November 1986 in Stellenbosch , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays for Premier Soccer League club Engen Santos and South Africa .
Ian Micallef ( born 6 September 1969 , Gzira , Malta ) is the former President of the Chamber of Local Authorities of the Congress of the Council of Europe .
Craig Hunter is a musician and teacher living in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Gilda Cordero - Fernando is a writer and publisher from the Philippines .
Janvier Grondin ( born on June 16 , 1947 in Saint - Jules , Quebec ) is a former politician in the province of Quebec , Canada .
George Agnew Reid ( July 25 , 1860 in Wingham , Canada West -- August 23 , 1947 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) was a Canadian artist and painter and is best known as a genre painter .
Eliana Printes is a Brazilian singer and composer , born in Manaus in the state of Amazonas ( Brazil ) , where she began her career , when she was only about 12 years old .
Elena Lev , born in Moscow , Russia in 1981 , began her training to become a rhythmic gymnast at an early age , assisted and coached by her mother , Elena Lev Sr . She developed a signature hula hoop act incorporating gymnastics and contortion .
Kidoh ( 키도 ) , also known as Jin Hyo Sang ( 진효상 ) , was born in Seoul , South Korea , and studied at the Hankuk University of Foreign Studies .
Radhakrishnan Ramanathan , popularly known as Devakottai Ramanathan ( Tamil : தேவகோட்டை ராமநாதன் ) , is a popular Tamil language orator and stand - up comedian based in the town of Devakottai in Tamil Nadu , India .
Heather Ford ( born 6 January 1978 ) is a South African researcher , blogger , journalist , social entrepreneur and open source activist who has worked in the field of Internet policy , law and management in South Africa , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Frederick Noronha ( born 23 December 1963 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is an independent journalist based in Saligão in the Bardez taluka of Goa .
Zsolt Richly ( born March 23 , 1941 in Sopron , Hungary ) is a Hungarian animator who worked as a director in PannóniaFilm .
Hari Raj Limbu ( Nepali : हरि राज लिम्बु ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Frauke Schmitt Gran is a German orienteering competitor and the first orienteer from Germany to obtain a medal in the world championships .
Franziska Baumann lives and works in Bern , Switzerland .
Limba Ram is an Indian archer who represented India in international competitions , including three Olympics .
Francisco Nahuel Tetaz Chaparro ( born 6 November 1989 , Argentina ) is an Argentina international rugby union player .
Dianne Mirosh is a former provincial - level politician from Alberta , Canada .
Paolo Consorti ( San Benedetto del Tronto , Italy , 1964 ) is an Italian artist .
Sachindra Chaudhuri ( 24 February 1903 -- ? ? ? ? ) was an Indian lawyer and politician who was Minister of Finance of the Government of India from 1965 to 13 March 1967 , under Lal Bahadur Shastri and Indira Gandhi .
William Meeke ( 3 January 1758 -- 15 July 1830 ) was a Member of Parliament for Callan in the Irish Parliament from 1790 to 1797 and for Penryn , Cornwall , in the House of Commons of Great Britain and then of the United Kingdom from 1796 to 1802 .
Ely Calil ( born 8 December 1945 in Kano , Nigeria ) is a Lebanese businessman holding a British citizenship .
Muangchai Kittikasem ( Thai : เมืองชัย กิตติเกษม , b. 1968,11 November in Chainat , Thailand , real name Nattawut Chantaravinom Thai : ณัฐวุฒิ จันทรวิมล ) is a former boxer from Thailand .
Martin Häusler ( born January 24 , 1971 in Heidelberg , Germany ) is a German portrait photographer , music video director and art director .
Waisale Sovatabua ( born in Fiji ) is a former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Muhammad Rumfa was the Sultan of the Sultanate of Kano , located in modern - day Kano State , Northern Nigeria , it was believed that Muhammad Rumfa migrated from Daura , long after Bagauda .
After her breakup with Luc Besson , Maïwenn returned to France and resumed her career as an actress .
Marsi Paribatra ( Thai : มารศีสุขุมพันธุ์ บริพัตร ; rtgs : Marasi - sukhumphan Boriphat ; 25 August 1931 -- 9 July 2013 ) was the only daughter of Prince Chumbhot Paripatra , Prince of Nakhon Sawan ( Thailand ) .
Nina Josu ( born February 17 , 1953 in Ţiganca ) is a writer and activist from Moldova .
Soul Supreme ( real name David Åström ) , born 1983 , is a hip hop producer from Sweden .
Héctor Velázquez Moreno ( born Mexico City , 1922 -- died 2006 ) was a Mexican architect .
Gamaliel Díaz Magaña ( born February 14 , 1981 in Tacámbaro , Michoacán , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer in the Super Featherweight division and the former WBC Super Featherweight champion .
David Blackwood Paul ( 1908 - -1965 ) was a New Zealand bookseller and publisher .
Neville Dawes ( 16 June 1926 -- 13 May 1984 ) was a novelist and poet born in Nigeria of Jamaican parentage .
In 2006 , Boudewijn Bouckaert succeeded professor Matthias Storme as chairman of the Overlegcentrum van Vlaamse Verenigingen ( OVV , or Meeting Association of Flemish Organizations ) , a flamingant organisation in Belgium .
Vincent George Forbes ( 25 October 1928 -- 3 November 2012 ) , better known as Duke Vin , was a Jamaican - born sound system operator and selector who operated the first sound system in the United Kingdom .
Giuseppe Burzio ( 1901 - 1966 ) , born Cambiano , Italy , was a Vatican diplomat and Roman Catholic Archbishop .
Lorenzo Domínguez ( Santiago de Chile 1901-Mendoza , Argentina 1963 ) was a prolific Latin American sculptor whose art is a deliberate and personal synthesis of pre - Columbian and Rapa Nui ( Easter Island ) aesthetics with a European artistic formation .
Shukri al - Quwatli ( 1891 -- 30 June 1967 ; Arabic : شكري القوتلي‎ ) was the first president of post - independence Syria .
Elfin Pertiwi Rappa ( born September 23 , 1995 in Palembang , South Sumatera ) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia Lingkungan 2014 or 1st Runner - up at the Puteri Indonesia 2014 and represented her country at the Miss International 2014 pageant and achieve a Top 10 position .
Peter Breiner ( born July 3 , 1957 in Humenné , in former Czechoslovakia , present day Slovakia ) is a Slovak pianist , conductor , and composer .
Rui Duarte de Barros ( born 18 February 1960 , Cadique , Tombali Region ) was the Transitional Prime Minister of Guinea - Bissau from May 16 , 2012 , to July 3 , 2014 .
Myriam Avalos ( Avalos - Teie ) ( born Lima , Peru ) is a classical pianist .
David Goldblatt ( born 29 November 1930 in Randfontein , Gauteng Province ) is a South African photographer noted for his portrayal of South Africa during the period of apartheid and more recently that country 's landscapes .
Filip Klapka ( born 20 June 1981 ) is a footballer from Czech Republic playing currently for SC Pyhra in Austria .
Nasiru Sule Garo ( born 28 January 1974 ) is a member of the House of Representatives of the Federal Republic of Nigeria .
Burkhard Driest ( born 28 April 1939 in Stettin , Germany , now Szczecin , Poland ) is a German actor , writer and director , perhaps best known for his acting work in Sam Peckinpah 's Cross of Iron , and Rainer Werner Fassbinder 's Querelle .
Audrey Hall ( born c.1948 , Kingston , Jamaica ) is a reggae singer .
Jacob Marcus , also called R. Jakob , was a German - Swedish businessman and one of the pioneers in the history of Sweden 's Jewish population , which began to take root around the turn of the 18th-19th centuries .
Bujar Osmani ( born September 11 , 1979 ) is the ex Minister of Health of Republic of Macedonia , appointed in March 2008 .
Levon Ananyan , the president of the Writers Union of Armenia , characterized Zahrad as `` the huge oak tree of diasporan poetry , whose literary heritage had a deep and stable influence upon modern poetry of not only the diaspora , but also Armenia . ''
Tibor Kelen was born in Budapest , Hungary and was a student of the Italian tenor Tito Schipa .
Nasser Sharify , PhD ( September 23 , 1925 - August 23 , 2013 ) was born in Tehran , Iran .
Seyyed Ata'ollah Mohajerani ( Persian : سید عطاالله مهاجرانی‎‎ , born 1954 in Arak , Iran ) is an Iranian historian , journalist , author and reformist politician .
Luca Baldini ( born October 10 , 1976 in Messina , Italy ) is a long distance swimmer from Italy .
Tarachand Bhagora ( born 1 January 1954 ) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress . He was elected to the Lok Sabha , lower house of the Parliament of India from Banswara , Rajasthan in 1996,1999 and 2009 .
Malene Espensen ( born in Copenhagen , Denmark on 30 June 1981 ) is a Danish glamour model who resides and works in the United Kingdom .
Noé de la Flor Casanova ( * Teapa , Tabasco , May 29 , 1904 --Mexico City , ? , 1986 ) was a Mexican lawyer , cantautor , writer , poet and politician who served for four years as Governor of Tabasco , before being removed from office following a scandal .
Dimitri Djollo ( born May 5 , 1988 in Nieuwegein , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Dutch Eerste Divisie club TOP Oss during the 2007 - 2010 seasons .
Tormod Haugen grew up in Nybergsund , a small village in Trysil in Hedmark county , Norway .
Ibrahima Sylla ( 2 April 1956 -- 30 December 2013 ) was a Senegalese record producer born in Ivory Coast and founder of the African music label Syllart Records .
Rosa Barba ( born 1972 , Agrigento , Italy ) is a Berlin - based visual artist .
Ersin Güreler ( born September 7 , 1978 in İstanbul , Turkey ) , is a Turkish retired footballer .
Frank Haydn Haigh ( 2 May 1898 - -17 July 1992 ) was a New Zealand lawyer and social reformer .
Philippe Alliot ( born 27 July 1954 in Voves , Eure - et - Loir , France ) is a former racing driver who participated in Formula One from 1984 to 1990 and from 1993 to 1994 .
Gunnar Olavsson Helland ( July 15 , 1852 -- 1938 ) was a Norwegian Hardanger fiddle ( hardingfele ) maker from Bø in Telemark , Norway .
Paola Barale ( born 28 April 1967 in Fossano , Italy ) is an Italian TV hostess and actress .
Nguyễn Ngọc Loan ( 11 December 1930 -- 14 July 1998 ) was South Vietnam 's chief of National Police .
Henning Gronemann ( born Henning Jensen , 26 December 1929 - 6 January 2016 ) is a Danish former amateur football ( soccer ) player , who played for BK Frem in Denmark .
Luis Gerónimo Abreu Ascanio ( born 7 September in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan actor known for his performance in telenovelas .
Manny Aulakh ( born 17 November 1991 ) is a Canadian first class and T20I cricketer who plays for the Canada national cricket team .
Domenico Vicini is a tennis player from San Marino .
Rafael Pérez Pareja ( born 1836 - died 1897 ) was a public figure in 19th - century Ecuador , a supporter of liberalism .
Enrique Rocha ( born on January 5 , 1940 in Silao , Guanajuato , Mexico ) , is a Mexican actor .
Eric Chiwaya , a member of the United Democratic Front , is the urban governor for Blantyre , Malawi .
Rajesh Mazumder is the owner of Chef of India restaurant in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Guillaume Suon has focused his first documentary films on Cambodia 's history and contemporary society .
Manoel de Castro Villas Bôas ( 18 April 1907 -- 13 December 1979 ) was a Brazilian entrepreneur , writer and journalist that contributed in bridge the gap between Brazil and Brazilians , via actions and articles published in several Brazilian newspapers and magazines on political and economical matters .
Olga Ostroumova was born in Buguruslan , Orenburg Oblast , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union .
( typescript ) Mario Borrelli , The Society of Southern Italy , in which Naples is situated and the factors giving rise to pressure groups and community development , London , 1970 .
Arakel Davrizhetsi or Arakel of Tabriz - Առաքել Դավրիժեցի ( 1590s , Tabriz - 1670 , Echmiadzin ) was a 17th - century Persian - Armenian historian , born in Tabriz , in the province of Persian Azerbaijan of Safavid Iran .
Jean - Henri Naderman was baptised ( and presumably born ) in Lichtenau in the archdiocese of Paderborn , but emigrated to France around 1756 where he began working as a harp manufacturer .
Soe Thein ( Burmese : စိုးသိန်း ; born 7 September 1949 in Rangoon , Burma ) is the incumbent Minister of the President 's Office of Myanmar ( Burma ) and a former Minister for Industry-2 of Myanmar ( Burma ) .
Blagica Pop Tomova ( born 1977 ) is an operatic soprano from Macedonia .
Kai Arne Engelstad ( born December 21 , 1954 in Oslo ) is a former speed skater from Norway .
Andres Põder ( born 22 November 1949 in Kõmsi , Hanila Parish ) was the Archbishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Estonia .
Manuel José Gómez Rufino ( c. 1820 - -1882 ) was an Argentine politician who was governor of San Juan Province , Argentina between 1857 and 1858 and again between 1873 and 1874 .
Paul Nunnari ( born 6 February 1973 in Auburn , New South Wales ) is a Paralympic athletics competitor from New South Wales , Australia .
Nobel Laureate Tawakkol Karman was born on 7 February 1979 in Mekhlaf , Taiz Governorate , Yemen .
Bulat Abilov ( Kazakh : Болат Әбілов ) was the Deputy Chairman of the Otan political party in Kazakhstan .
Maria Kiwanuka is a Ugandan economist , businesswoman and politician who served as Minister of Finance in the Cabinet of Uganda from 27 May 2011 to 1 March 2015 .
Hori Pukehika ( ? --1932 ) was a New Zealand tribal leader and carver .
Linard Gonthier ( 1565 - -after 1642 ) was a glass painter who worked in Troyes , France .
Chuan Leekpai ( Thai : ชวน หลีกภัย ; rtgs : Chuan Likphai ; Chinese : 呂基文 ; born July 28 , 1938 in Trang ) was the Prime Minister of Thailand from September 20 , 1992 to May 19 , 1995 and again from November 9 , 1997 to February 9 , 2001 .
Martin Devlin ( born 1964 ) is a New Zealand radio and television broadcaster .
Chandler Kinchla , better known as Chan Kinchla , ( born May 29 , 1969 in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada ) is the guitarist for jam band Blues Traveler .
Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pasˈkwaw ʁaniˈɛri maˈzili ) ; April 27 , 1910 -- April 21 , 1975 ) was a Brazilian politician who was appointed as caretaker President of Brazil for two short terms , in 1961 and 1964 .
Toni Müller ( born 10 May 1984 ) is a curler from Baden , Switzerland .
Christophe Gbenye ( c.1927 -- 3 February 2015 ) was a Congolese rebel who , along with Pierre Mulele and Gaston Soumialot , led the Simba Rebellion , an anti - government insurrection in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the Congo Crisis , between 1964 and 1965 .
Shamsuddeen Usman , CON ( born 18 September 1949 Kano , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian economist and banker .
Zahid Shareef ( Born 11 November 1967 ) is an international hockey player who represented Pakistan for 5 years ( 1987 - -1991 ) .
Orlando Martínez Howley ( September 23 , 1944 -- March 17 , 1975 ) was a left - wing journalist and member of the Communist Party of the Dominican Republic who was a critic of President Joaquín Balaguer .
Guy Goma ( born 1969 ) is a business studies graduate from Brazzaville in the Republic of the Congo who was accidentally interviewed live on BBC News 24 , a UK television news station , on Monday 8 May 2006 .
Jan Hoffmann ( born 26 October 1955 in Dresden ) is a German figure skater who represented East Germany in competition .
Bhakta Bahadur Shah ( Nepali : भक्त बहादुर शाह ) is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
Kamal Amrohi was born in Amroha , Uttar Pradesh in India and later took on the name Kamal Amrohi ( or Amrohvi ) .
Sandra Laing was born in 1955 to Sannie and Abraham Laing , Afrikaners in Piet Retief , a small conservative town in South Africa during the apartheid era , when laws governed officially established social castes of racial classification .
Luiz Carlos Saroli , usually called Caio Júnior or Caio Jr. ( born March 8 , 1965 in Cascavel , Paraná ) , is a Brazilian football manager , having formerly played as a striker in both Brazil and Portugal .
Rona Marjory Hurley ( 2 October 1897 - -11 June 1985 ) was a New Zealand tobacco grower and buyer .
Ingrida Ardišauskaitė ( born 17 January 1993 in Utena , Lithuania ) is a retired Lithuanian cross - country skier .
Kerim Kerimov was born on November 14 , 1917 in a family of an engineer - technologist in Baku , Azerbaijan ( then part of the Russian Empire ) .
Tanka Prasad Acharya ( Nepali : टंक प्रसाद आचार्य ; 1912 -- 23 April 1992 ) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 27 January 1956 to 26 July 1957 and the founding leader of Nepal Praja Parishad ( Nepal People 's Council ) .
Stuart Crosby is the current Mayor of the city of Tauranga , New Zealand .
She is also a patron to leading children 's charity Kidscape In 2012 Dame Mary Perkins was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Business from Plymouth University In February 2013 she was assessed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Woman 's Hour on BBC Radio 4 .
Graham Fraser ( born 1946 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is Canada 's sixth Commissioner of Official Languages , and a former Canadian journalist and writer .
Daniel R. Cameron ( February 9 , 1885 -- October 27 , 1933 ) was a lumber merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Cameron Knowles ( born 11 October 1982 in Auckland ) is a former New Zealand footballer who is currently an assistant coach with Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer .
Seorak Park ( 박``서락 '' ) ( born December 26 , 1981 in Seoul , South Korea ) , also known by her stage name SeoRock , is a Korean singer and former VJ for MTV Korea .
In an interview with Malaysian daily Utusan Malaysia , Ismail Haron mentioned that he plans to migrate to Kuantan , the east - coast city of peninsular Malaysia , as a permanent resident to continue with his singing career .
Ove Jensen ( November 7 , 1919 -- April 22 , 2011 ) was a Danish amateur footballer , who played 12 games for the Denmark national football team and was an unused substitute as Denmark won bronze medals at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Egil Monn - Iversen ( born 14 April 1928 ) is one of the most influential modern composers in Norway .
Sheila Herrero Lapuente ( 28-VI-1976 , Zaragoza , Aragón , Spain ) is an inline speed skater .
Richard Ducroz ( born 11 June 1983 ) is an internationally elite curler from Chamonix , France .
Alice May Palmer ( 1886 - -1977 ) was a New Zealand public servant , union official and equal pay campaigner .
Jani Koivisto ( born 25 February 1985 ) is a Finnish professional footballer who currently plays for FC Viikingit in Helsinki , Finland .
Herry Saliku Biembe ( born May 14 , 1981 ) is the best boxer from Democratic Republic of the Congo who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at middleweight .
Hans Pauli Olsen ( born 1957 in Tórshavn , Faroe Islands ) is a sculptor based in Denmark , and held in high regard .
Luciano Leonel Cuello ( born May 20 , 1984 in La Plata , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine boxer in the Light Middleweight division .
Alberto Bucci ( born 25 May 1948 , Bologna , Italy ) is an Italian , former professional basketball coach .
Sam Rouanet ( born 15 November 1972 in Toulouse , France ) is a French born guitarist , DJ and producer of electronic music who lives and works in Berlin , Germany .
Hans Karl Müller was born on 19 July 1892 in Loschwitz , Germany , which was then in the Kingdom of Saxony .
Abigail Sin Si Ern ( Chinese : 冼思恩 ; pinyin : Xiăn Sī En ) , ( born 26 May 1992 in Singapore ) is an award - winning Singaporean concert pianist .
Jake Andrewartha ( born 24 December 1989 in Clare , Australia ) is an Australian judoka .
Yee Jenn Jong ( Chinese : 余振忠 ; pinyin : Yú Zhèn Zhōng , born 24 March 1965 ) is a Singaporean politician from the Workers ' Party of Singapore ( Workers ' Party ) who is currently a Non - constituency Member of Parliament ( NCMP ) of the 12th Parliament of Singapore .
Doni Tata Pradita ( born 21 January 1990 in Sleman , Special Region of Yogyakarta , Indonesia ) is an Indonesian motorcycle racer who raced in the 2013 Moto2 World Championship .
Seekkuge Prasanna ( born 27 June 1985 ) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer and an Army officer of Sri Lanka .
Leon Byner ( born 14 October 1946 ) is an Australian broadcaster who started his radio career in 1966 in Shepparton , Victoria , Australia .
Virendranath Chattopadhyaya ( Bengali : বীরেন্দ্রনাথ চট্টোপাধ্যায় ) , alias Chatto , ( 1880 -- 2 September 1937 , Moscow ) , was a prominent Indian revolutionary who worked to overthrow the British Raj in India by using the force of arms as a tool .
Friederich Stellwagen ( baptized February 7 , 1603 - buried March 2 , 1660 ) was a pipe organ builder active in the region of northeast Germany between Hamburg and Stralsund in the mid 17th century .
Bernard Rhodes is a fashion designer , record producer , songwriter , manager and impresario who was integral to the development of the punk rock scene in the United Kingdom during the middle 1970s .
Marta Bassino ( born 27 February 1996 ) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Italy .
Pedro Azabache Bustamante ( Moche ( Peru ) January 31 , 1918 - February 27 , 2012 ) was a Peruvian painter , pupil of Julia Codesido and Jose Sabogal and was one of the few direct followers of indigenismo .
Grigore Preoteasa ( August 25 , 1915 -- November 4 , 1957 ) was a Romanian communist activist , journalist , and politician , who served as Communist Romania 's Minister of Foreign Affairs between October 4 , 1955 and the time of his death .
Tupu Atanatiu Taingakawa Te Waharoa ( 1844 - -1929 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , kingmaker and king movement leader .
Gladys Elinor Watkins ( 1884 - -1939 ) was a notable New Zealand music teacher , pianist and carillonist .
Ásgeir Elíasson ( 22 November 1949 -- 9 September 2007 ) was a football manager and coach of the Iceland national football team between 1991 and 1995 .
Goh Choon Phong ( simplified Chinese : 吴俊鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 吳俊鵬 ; pinyin : Wú Jùnpéng ) is the chief executive officer ( CEO ) of Singapore Airlines and Singapore Airlines Cargo .
Princess Märtha of Sweden ( Märtha Sofia Lovisa Dagmar Thyra ; 28 March 1901 -- 5 April 1954 ) was Crown Princess of Norway as the spouse of the future King Olav V. The presently reigning King Harald V is her son .
R. Balakrishna Pillai is a veteran Indian politician , a former minister of the state of Kerala in India , who has held major portfolios like Transport and Electricity .
Edward Akika ( born July 18 , 1941 ) is a retired Olympic track and field athlete from Nigeria .
Theodore Romzha was born in the Subcarpathia region , Hungary , Austria - Hungary ( in the Rusyn village Velykyi Bychkiv , now Ukraine ) on 14 April 1911 .
Cveta Majtanović ( Serbian : Цвета Мајтановић ) ( born March 31 , 1986 in Novi Sad , Serbia ) is a Serbian singer who rose to popularity after winning Idol Serbia - Montenegro & Macedonia , the Serbian version of Pop Idol , shown on BKTV .
General Gaston Reinig ( born 17 November 1956 in Diekirch ) is a Luxembourgian soldier and a former Chief of Defence of the Luxembourg Army .
Henryk Łapiński ( born 2 January 1933 , in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish film , theatre , and dubbing actor .
Richard Dickel is a New Zealand basketball coach .
Francisco Brennand , a contemporary sculpture artist in Brazil , displays around 2,000 pieces in enormous open halls , between monuments , gardens , and in the midst of an Atlantic forest reserve in the Varzea borough of Recife .
Anel Raskaj ( born August 19 , 1989 ) is a Kosovo Albanian footballer playing for Norwegian team Sandnes Ulf .
Jenaro Pindú ( 1946 - -1993 ) was a prominent cartoonist , sculptor and architect of Paraguay .
Baaba Maal ( born 12 November 1953 ) is a Senegalese singer and guitarist born in Podor , on the Senegal River .
Ståle Kleiberg ( born 8 March 1958 ) is a contemporary classical composer and musicologist from Norway .
Adrian Ciantar born 9 August 1978 in Malta is a footballer who is currently without a club
Kevin Potter is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup , although he did not play in a match at the tournament .
Sushil Koirala ( Nepali : सुशील कोइराला ; 12 August 1939 -- 9 February 2016 ) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 11 February 2014 to 10 October 2015 .
Stephanie Salas was born into one of the most famous showbusiness families in all of Mexico .
Adolf Behne and the development of modern architecture in Germany , 1910 - 1914 /. ''
Bernt Erik Christoffer Lindhe ( born February 1 , 1989 in Ulricehamn , Sweden ) is a Swedish disabled swimmer .
James Armour Johnstone ( 25 June 1859 - -8 May 1933 ) was a New Zealand businessman and stock breeder .
Giuseppe Arzilli ( born February 20 , 1941 in San Marino ) is a Sammarinese politician , and was formerly the Captain Regent San Marino .
Per Brinch Hansen was born in Frederiksberg , an enclave surrounded by Copenhagen , Denmark .
Erwin Redl ( born 1963 ) in Gföhl , Lower Austria is an Austrian - born artist currently living in USA .
Peter Abir Antonisamy ( 14 October 1951 , Sathipattu , Cuddalore District , Tamil Nadu , India ) is an Indian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Juan José Pacho , also known as Pacho Burgos ( born April 8 , 1963 in Oxkutzcab Yucatan , Mexico ) , is a baseball player and manager .
Frederic Nausea , born Friedrich Grau about 1496 in Waischenfeld , Germany ; † 6 February 1552 in Trient , was the Catholic Bishop of the diocese of Vienna .
So profuse was Galen 's output that the surviving texts represent nearly half of all the extant literature from ancient Greece .
Philipp Karner , ( born on July 15 , 1979 in Vienna , Austria ) is an American actor , writer and director who is best known for starring in the film Kiss the Bride .
Noam Jacobson ( Hebrew : נעם יעקובסון‎ ; born 1975 ) is a musician , singer , songwriter , and bandleader from Ramat Gan , Israel .
Samuel Olatunde Fadahunsi OFR and CON ( March 1920 - August 2014 ) was a Nigerian Civil engineer and former President of COREN , an engineering regulation body in Nigeria .
Friedrich Kambartel ( born 17 February 1935 in Münster , Germany ) is a philosopher .
Robert Watson Grimmer ( October 25 , 1866 -- November 4 , 1948 ) was a merchant and politician from New Brunswick , Canada .
Ruvindu Gunasekera ( born 20 July 1991 ) is a Sri Lankan - born cricketer who has plays One Day International for Canada .
James Lentjes ( born 16 January 1991 ) is New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a loose forward for Otago in the ITM Cup and for the Highlanders in Super Rugby .
Vincent Pyke , born Vincent Pike , ( 4 February 1827 -- 5 June 1894 ) was a 19th - century politician in Otago , New Zealand and Victoria , Australia .
Fazal Haq Khaliqyar ( 1934 -- July 16 , 2004 ) was an Afghan politician , who briefly served as the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Afghanistan .
Sunarto ( born in Malang , East Java , May 18 , 1990 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Arema Cronus in the Indonesia Super League as a Forward .
Carlos Aníbal San Martín ( born July 2 , 1971 in La Plata , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played in clubs of Argentina and Chile . Today is assistant Goalkeppers in the Chile national football team of Claudio Borghi .
Geralyn Madrigal Gaspar , who is better known by her screen name as Ehra Madrigal ( born June 25 , 1985 in Quezon City , Philippines ) , is a Filipina actress .
Paul Reiter is a professor of medical entomology at the Pasteur Institute in Paris , France .
Sergio Salgado ( born September 12 , 1958 ) is a Chilean former footballer who played for Unión Española , Iberia , Union La Calera , Cobresal , Colo Colo , Deportes Antofagasta , Universidad de Chile , Cobresal and San Marcos de Arica . He played as a midfielder .
Dr. Paul Wengert ( born November 18 , 1952 ) is Mayor of Augsburg in the state of Bavaria in Germany since May 1 , 2002 .
Ibrahim Okash ( born 18 September 1964 ) is a former athlete who competed internationally for Somalia .
Frank Dostal ( born December 16 , 1945 in Flensburg , Germany ) is a German songwriter and music producer .
Ciney Gurung ( Nepali : सिने गुरुङ ) is a singer , composer , and songwriter from Nepal .
Anastas Kondo was born on 28 November 1937 in Kuçovë , Albania , and hailed from a family from Vuno , in Himarë municipality , on the Albanian riviera .
Raphael Cilento was born in Jamestown , South Australia in 1893 , son of Raphael Ambrose Cilento , a stationmaster ( whose father Salvatore had emigrated from Naples , Italy in 1855 ) , and Frances Ellen Elizabeth , née West .
Hugh Quennec ( born 28 June 1965 , Montreal , Canada ) is the current principal owner and president of Geneva , Switzerland 's two main sports teams :
William Beatson ( 1807 - -1870 ) was a London trained architect who immigrated to New Zealand .
Beau Casson ( born 7 December 1982 in Subiaco , Western Australia ) is a former Australian cricketer who played for Western Australia and New South Wales from 2002 to 2011 , and represented Australia at Test cricket .
Andrei Pricope ( born in Bacău , Romania , in 1969 ) is a cellist of Romanian descent .
Wendy Quirk ( born May 29 , 1959 ) is a former competition swimmer who represented Canada in international swimming events during the 1970s .
Kaiō Hiroyuki ( born 24 July 1972 as Hiroyuki Koga ) is a former professional sumo wrestler from Nōgata , Fukuoka , Japan .
Born on 5 March 1953 in Altstätten , Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland , Gardi Hutter graduated at the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zürich ( Schauspiel - Akademie Zürich ) from 1974 to 1977 , where she absolved an induction and training in theatre education and theatre pedagogy .
Obediah Parker Goucher ( February 2 , 1865 -- June 12 , 1947 ) was a school teacher , insurance agent and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Inna Zobova ( born October 1 , 1976 in Khimki , Russia ) is a Russian actress , fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who crowned Miss Russia 1994 .
Kate Elsworth ( born in Australia ) is an Electronic Dance Music DJ , vocalist and songwriter based in London .
Jadwiga Apostoł , or Jadwiga Apostoł - Staniszewska ( December 22 , 1913 -- February 2 , 1990 ) was a Polish teacher in the interwar period , an underground activist during World War II , and a writer in postwar Poland .
Beas Sarkar ( born 23 December 1979 ) is a One Day International cricketer who represents India .
Sven Benken ( born 20 April 1970 in Lauchhammer , East Germany ) is a former German football player and currently the manager of SG Burg .
Percy Roderick Coleman ( 26 January 1897 - -20 April 1965 ) was a New Zealand mechanic , motor - cycle racer , businessman and aviator .
Helmer Hanssen was born in Bjørnskinn , on the island of Andøya in the northern part of Norway .
Ernest Arushanov ( Эрнест Константинович Арушанов ; born February 4 , 1941 , Baku , Azerbaijan ) is a Soviet and Moldovan experimental physicist , academician of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova .
Doug Gailey ( died 6 February 2007 ) is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1970 and 1972 World Cups .
Yuji Kaneko ( 金子 侑司 , born April 24 , 1990 in Kyoto Prefecture ) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder for the Saitama Seibu Lions in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Ben Franks along with younger brother Owen run their own gym in Christchurch , New Zealand called `` Franks Brothers Gym '' .
Robert Aschberg ( born 19 March 1952 on Kungsholmen , Stockholm ) is a Swedish journalist , media executive , and one of Sweden 's most popular TV personalities .
Ippongi Bang ( 一本木 蛮 Ippongi Ban ) is a multimedia and manga artist , born January 4 , 1965 in Yokohama City , Japan .
Raja Nareshchandra Singh was the last ruler of the Princely State of Sarangarh till the merger of his State into the union of India on 1 January 1948 .
Isabelle von Allmen ( born April 29 , 1950 in Saint - Imier , Canton of Bern , Switzerland ) , better known by the stage name Zouc , is a Swiss actress .
Dave Pierce ( born October 24 , 1972 in Drayton Valley , Alberta , Canada ) is a Canadian songwriter , composer , producer , arranger , orchestrator .
Bogumilus was born probably of knighthood in 1135 at Dobrów , Poland , along with a twin brother , Boguphalus , both of whom would later study in Paris , France .
Nileena Abraham ( née Dutta ) ( born 27 July 1925 ) is a writer and translator from Kerala , India .
Boris Baratov written numerous books about scholars and writers , many of his films were based on Armenia .
Andreas Demetriou ( Greek : Ανδρέας Δημητρίου ; born Andreas Panteli Demetriou on 15 August 1950 ) is a Greek Cypriot developmental psychologist and former Minister of Education and Culture of Cyprus .
Anne Petrie ( born December 24 , 1946 ) is an award - winning broadcaster and was most known as the host of Canada Live and Coast to Coast on CBC Newsworld during its early years .
They and Rombaut Pauwels brought the moderate Baroque style of François Duquesnoy with them when they returned to the Southern Netherlands .
André de Resende ( 1498 - -1573 ) , the father of archaeology in Portugal , a Dominican friar .
Gaius Plinius Caecilius Secundus , born Gaius Caecilius or Gaius Caecilius Cilo ( 61 -- c. 113 ) , better known as Pliny the Younger ( /ˈplɪni/ ) , was a lawyer , author , and magistrate of Ancient Rome .
This deprived Jean - Joseph Chapuis of his fame and explains why pieces of furniture by Jean - Joseph Chapuis are rarely found in public collections outside France .
Nard Ndoka was the minister of health of Albania from March 2007 to August 2008 .
Ariel Horowitz ( Hebrew : אריאל הורוביץ‎ , born 1970 ) is an Israeli Singer - Songwriter , and the son of the late Naomi Shemer , widely regarded as one of Israel 's most important song writers .
Karl Ammann ( born in 1948 in St. Gallen , Switzerland ) is a conservationist and wildlife photographer who has spent most of his career in the Congo basin .
Dou Kalender ( born May 28 , 1985 as Doğukan Kalender ) is a composer , multi - instrumentalist , and vocalist from Istanbul / Turkey .
Christophe Lebon ( born November 8 , 1982 in Pontoise , France ) is a French swimmer who specialises in the 100 meter butterfly and the 200 meter butterfly .
Vassili Nesterenko ( 2 December 1934 -- 25 August 2008 ) was a Soviet and Belarusian physicist from Ukraine and a former director of the Institute of Nuclear Energy at the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus ( 1977 - 1987 ) .
Usman Khan Shinwari ( Urdu : عثمان خان شنواری‎ , Pashto : عثمان خان شينواری‎ ; born 1 May 1994 in Khyber Agency , FATA , Pakistan ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Daniela Torres Bonilla ( born January 22 , 1990 in Managua , Nicaragua ) is a Nicaraguan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nicaragua 2015 .
Hamid Shafiei ( Persian : حمید شفیعی ‎‎ , born July 8 , 1981 in Isfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian football player , who currently plays for IPL team Esteghlal .
Amir Tahmouresi ( Persian : امیر طهمورثی‎ ; born April 8 , 1991 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Rah Ahan in the Iran 's Premier Football League .
Wolfgang Lauenstein ( born March 20 , 1962 in Hildesheim , West Germany ) is a German film producer and animator .
Alessandra Rosaldo ( born Alejandra Sanchez Barraro ; September 11 , 1971 ) is an actress , singer and dancer from Mexico .
Javier Cortina Lacerra ( born 12 April 1987 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban freestyle wrestler .
In both the novel and the musical that it inspired , Enjolras is a revolutionary who fights for a France with more rights for the poor and oppressed masses , ultimately dying for his beliefs in the June 1832 rebellion .
Freddy Thielemans learnt to play rugby with Brussels Barbarians RFC during the late 70 's & early 80 's as a prop , took part in the Vancouver Tour in 1982 and also represented Belgium at Rugby Union .
Herbert Lumsden was born in the United Kingdom at Clanfield , Oxfordshire , England on 8 April 1897 , the son of John Lumsden .
Eduardo Kingman Riofrío ( February 23 , 1913 -- November 27 , 1997 ) was one of Ecuador 's greatest artists of the 20th century , among the art circles of other master artists such as Oswaldo Guayasamin and Camilo Egas .
John Rädecker ( 1885 , Amsterdam -- 1956 , Amsterdam ) was a painter and sculptor from the northern Netherlands , best known for his Monument on the Dam .
Wiremu Katene ( died 1 November 1895 ) , also known as Wi Katene , was a New Zealand politician .
Vladimir Konkin , a Meritorious Artist of Russia ( 2010 ) , is also a published author of short stories and essays .
Ali Naderi is a paralympic athlete from Iran competing mainly in seated discus and javelin events in the F55 classification .
Aníbal Florencio Randazzo was born in Chivilcoy , Buenos Aires Province , in 1964 , to Gladys Campagnon and Juan `` Togo '' Randazzo , whose father emigrated from Sicily to Argentina .
Davide Bombana ( born in 1958 in Milan , Italy ) is an Italian choreographer .
Jirès Kembo Ekoko ( born 8 January 1988 ) is a footballer from Democratic Republic of the Congo , who plays for Emirati club Al Nasr SC .
Betty Mendez Livioco , born Beatriz Mendez on February 18 , 1931 in Iriga Camarines Sur , Philippines .
Joaquín Albarrán , full name Joaquin Maria Albarrán y Dominguez ( May 9 , 1860 -- January 17 , 1912 ) was a Cuban urologist born in Sagua La Grande , Cuba .
Ingrid Storholmen ( born 22 May 1976 in Verdal , Norway ) is a Norwegian poet , novelist and literary critic .
Juan de Dios Ventura Soriano , better known as Johnny Ventura ( born 8 March 1940 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican singer and band leader of merengue and salsa .
Gabriel Bacquier was born in Béziers , France and as a child was fascinated by everything to do with singing -- records , broadcasts and photos of singers .
Thiago Heleno represented Brazil at under-17 and under-20 levels , winning the 2005 South American Under 17 Football Championship with the former and the 2007 South American Youth Championship with the latter .
Vithal Rao Aatmaram Shivpurkar popularly known as Vithal Rao or Guruji was born in 1929 in Hyderabad , India .
Colonel Moussa Sinko Coulibaly is the Minister of Territorial Administration , of Decentralization and of Territorial Planning of Mali since 24 April 2012 .
Rajinder Goel ( born 20 September 1942 in Narwana , Haryana ) is a former cricketer who holds the record for most wickets in Ranji Trophy , India 's premier first class competition , despite which he was never selected to play for India .
Edgard Madi or Edgard Amine Madi ( born 23 March 1956 in Beit Mery , Lebanon ) is the current bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Our Lady of Lebanon of São Paulo in Brazil .
Martin Vari ( born February 27 , 1982 in Argentina ) is a professional kitesurfer and two times PKRA freestyle world champion in kitesurfing ( 2001 and 2003 ) .
Maria José Motta de Oliveira , known as Zezé Motta ( born June 27 , 1944 ) is a Brazilian actress and singer , considered one of the most important black actresses in Brazil .
Emanuele Zonzini ( born 17 February 1994 ) is a racing driver from San Marino , currently competing in the GP3 Series with Trident Racing .
Franz Berry ( November 21 , 1938 -- July 6 , 2009 ) was a Swiss ice hockey player who played for the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team at the 1956 and 1964 Olympics .
Michael King , OBE ( 15 December 1945 -- 30 March 2004 ) was a New Zealand popular historian , author and biographer .
Narayan Meghaji Lokhande ( Marathi : नारायण मेघाजी लोखंडे ) ( 1848 - 1897 ) was a pioneer of the labour movement in India .
Thanakorn Kamkhoma ( Thai : ธนากร ขำโขมะ , born 12 July 1982 ) , simply known as ( Thai : โจ๊ก ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Douglas Dewar ( 1875 - -1957 ) was a barrister , British civil servant in India , and ornithologist who wrote several books about Indian birds .
Claude Deppa ( born May 10 , 1958 ) is a jazz trumpeter born in Cape Town , South Africa , probably best known for his work with the Brotherhood of Breath and Carla Bley .
Marco Schädler ( born 2 March 1964 in Triesenberg ) is a composer from Liechtenstein .
Avis McIntosh ( born 19 May 1938 ) is a former New Zealand sprinter .
Moussa Kouyate ( born 1956 ) is a kora player from Bamako , Mali .
Tostão represented Brazil in two World Cups , winning the tournament in 1970 .
Gosia Andrzejewicz ( born as Małgorzata Andrzejczuk on January 14 , 1984 in Bytom , Poland ) is a Polish pop and dance singer .
On 7 July 2011 Misagh Memarzadeh signed a deal with Iran Pro League side Persepolis .
Antonio Cardenal Caldera ( 1950 - -1991 ) , also known by the nom de guerre Jesus Rojas ( Red Jesus ) , was a Nicaraguan and a major leader of the FMLN ( Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front ) resistance movement in late-20th century El Salvador .
The novelist Georgios Tertsetis from Zakynthos Greece , Ionian :
Gurusharan Sharma ( born 15 January 1942 ) is a retired judge of Jharkhand High Court , Ranchi , India .
Omid Kordestani was born in Tehran , Iran and grew up there attending Andisheh Don Bosco School , an Italian Catholic school in Tehran that emphasised education and language skills .
Pol Carreras ( born January 17 , 1990 in Barcelona ) is an alpine skier from Spain .
Jerzy Nikitorowicz ( born August 19 , 1951 in Mielnik , Poland ) is professor of pedagogics , dr . hab , rector of the University of Białystok , Poland ( since 2006 ) .
William Buell ( October 5 , 1751 -- August 8 , 1832 ) was an American - born jurist , miller and political figure in Upper Canada .
Julien Farel was born and raised in Montfaucon - en - Velay , Auvergne , France , a small commune southeast of Lyon .
Mario Chanes de Armas ( October 25 , 1927 in Havana , Cuba -- February 24 , 2007 in Hialeah , Florida ) was a former Cuban revolutionary and ally of Fidel Castro .
Jacqui Malouf ( born December 12 , 1968 in Etobicoke , Ontario , Canada ) is a television host , cook , and author .
Sir Ethelbert Alfred Ransom KCMG ( 1868 -- 22 May 1943 ) was a New Zealand politician of the Liberal Party , then its successor the United Party , and from 1936 , the National Party .
Henry Burling ( 1 May 1801 - -17 September 1911 ) was a New Zealand mail carrier and farmer .
Barron has been very successful in Australia with the DVD release of Carl Barron LIVE ! going four times platinum , making it the most successful Australian comedy DVD in Australian history .
Honório Hermeto Carneiro Leão , Marquis of Paraná ( 11 January 1801 -- 3 September 1856 ) was a politician , diplomat , judge and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil .
In 1998 , Koit Toome represented Estonia at the Eurovision Song Contest , held in Birmingham .
Erbito Salavarria is a retired professional boxer from the Philippines and a former WBC and WBA Flyweight Champion ( 1970 - -76 ) .
Erich Wolfgang Korngold ( May 29 , 1897 -- November 29 , 1957 ) was a Viennese composer born in Moravia , Austria - Hungary ( present - day Czech Republic ) and naturalized in United States in 1943 .
Ana Serrano van der Laan ( the complete name for Ana Laan ) is a singer - songwriter born in Madrid , Spain .
Dr. Paul Spong is a neuroscientist and cetologist from New Zealand .
Dr. Lisa Harvey - Smith is an astrophysicist at the CSIRO , based in Sydney , NSW , Australia .
Jos Stam ( born 28 December 1965 in The Hague , Netherlands ) is a researcher in the field of computer graphics , focusing on the simulation of natural physical phenomena for 3D - computer animation .
Tulsi Ramsay ( born on 29 July 1944 , Karachi , British India ) is a film director .
Grace Gabriel Ofodile ( born 25 June 1988 Jos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian Badminton player .
Deborah De Robertis is a performance artist and photographer from Luxembourg born in 1984 .
José Gomes Ferreira was born in Porto , in the north of Portugal , in 1900 .
Pratap Simha ( born 21 June 1976 ) is a member of 16th Lok Sabha of India .
Johanna Konta ( born 17 May 1991 ) is a British tennis player who represented Australia until 2012 .
Aliaksei Karpiuk ( Belarusian : Аляксей Карпюк , Russian : Алексей Карпюк ; 14 April 1920 in Straszewo , a village close to Gródek , Białystok County , Poland -- 14 August 1992 in Hrodna , Belarus ) was a Belarusian writer and public figure .
Kama Sywor Kamanda is an award - winning writer and poet from the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Charles Simeon Hare ( 1808 -- 22 July 1882 ) was a politician in colonial South Australia .
Steinar Gundersen , born 16 September 1970 , is a guitarist from the small village of Oklungen , Norway .
Ernesto Laguardia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( erˈnesto laˈɣwarðja ) ; born October 5 , 1959 in Mexico City , Distrito Federal , Mexico ) is a Mexican actor known for his performances in Mexican telenovelas .
Lorenzo Moore ( 1 September 1808 -- 13 August 1894 ) was a notable New Zealand Anglican clergyman .
Willi Krakau ( 4 December 1911 , Felgeleben ( now Schönebeck ) -- 26 April 1995 ) was a racing driver from Germany .
Sardar Ataullah Khan Mengal ( Urdu : سردار عطااللہ خان مینگل‎ ) , popularly known as Sardar Ataullah Mengal , is a well - known political and feudal figure of Pakistan hailing from Balochistan .
Hedayat Amin Arsala ( Pashto : هدايت امين ارسلا‎ ) ( born January 12 , 1942 ) , is an economist and a prominent politician in Afghanistan .
Nihan Kantarcı ( pronounced ( ˈniːhan ˈkantaɾdʒɯ ) ; born July 9 , 1982 in Eskişehir , Turkey ) is a Turkish sport shooter who competes in the trap and double trap events .
Gisela Forster ( born 27 March 1946 in Munich , Germany ) is a German writer , teacher , and Catholic theologian .
Francesco Manca ( born November 1966 , in Milan , Italy ) is an Italian astronomer .
Margo Dydek was born 28 April 1974 in Warsaw , Poland to a 6 ft 7 in ( 2.01 m ) father and a 6 ft 3 in ( 1.91 m ) mother .
Patrick Teoh ( born 16 October 1947 ) is an actor and radio personality in Malaysia .
Kaushik Ghatak began his career in the Entertainment industry in India on 14 February 1998 as an apprentice assistant to the prominent filmmaker , Anurag Basu .
Pradeep Barot ( born 1953 ) is a sarod maestro based in Bombay , India .
Bharat Gupt was born on 28 November 1946 in Moradabad ( Uttar Pradesh , India ) , a small city of mixed Hindu - Muslim population , known for Hindustani music and Urdu poetry .
Christene Browne ( born 1965 in Saint Kitts ) is the first black woman to write , produce and direct a feature film in Canada .
According to film critic Joel Poblete , who writes for Mabuse , a cinema magazine , Daniel Burman is one of the members of the so - called `` New Argentina Cinema '' , which began circa 1998 .
Ammar Bilal ( Arabic : عمار بلال‎ ; born 17 May 1993 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who currently plays as a Striker for Al - Shabab and Saudi Arabia national football team .
Claudio Muccioli ( born 1958 ) is a former captain - regent of San Marino .
Feliza Teresita `` Liz '' Nuesa Miro ( a.k.a . Lisa Teresa Santos Miro , Feliza Teresita Miro , Feliza Teresa Miro , Feliza Teresa Nuevo Miro , and Tetchie Miro Estrella ) was born on May 11 , 1953 in Manila , Philippines to Engr .
Poul Krebs ( born 28 May 1956 in Aarhus , Denmark ) is a Danish pop / rock singer , songwriter and musician .
José Jesús Silvestre ( born September 27 , 1987 in Nayarit , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional boxer and the former WBA World Minimumweight Interim Champion .
Buscheto ( Pisa - Italy , XI -- XII ) was an Italian architect .
林子平:新加坡河的记忆 ( Lim Tze Peng : Singapore River memory ) .
Elijah Erkloo is a former territorial level politician in Canada .
Kekko Fornarelli ( born 10 January 1978 in Bari , Italy ) is an Italian jazz pianist and composer .
Einar Råberg represented Sweden as flag bearer in the opening ceremony of the 1924 Summer Olympics and as `` Chef de Mission '' in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Rosita Quintana ( born Trinidad Rosa Quintana Muñoz de Kogan on July 16 , 1925 ) is an Argentina - born Mexican film actress and singer of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema .
Richard Bartholomew fled from Tavoy ( Dawei ) , Burma ( Myanmar ) , where he was born , during the Second World War .
Tandi Wright ( born 13 May 1970 in Zambia ) is a television and film actress from New Zealand .
Armands Strazds ( born March 10 , 1970 in Riga , Latvia ) is a Latvian composer , software developer , education researcher and political activist .
Abha Maiti ( born 1925 ) is a former minister of state of India .
Patricio Pouchulu ( born April 13 , 1965 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a Futurist contemporary architect .
Carlos Barrionuevo ( December 29 , 1977 , Santa Fe , Argentina -- August 30 , 2015 , Entre Ríos , Argentina ) was an Argentine footballer played for Atlético Roma of Italy .
Caleb Brown ( born 8 March 1987 , Gold Coast , Australia ) is a former Australian rugby union player who played on the wing for the Queensland Reds in the international Super 14 competition .
Duwa ( died 1307 ) , also known as Du'a , was khan of the Chagatai Khanate ( 1282 - -1307 ) .
Born in Poland , Ewa Strusińska studied at the Fryderyk Chopin University of Music in Warsaw , and upon finishing her studies spent a year working as Assistant Conductor at Czestochowa Philharmonic Orchestra .
Piyanut Pannoy ( Thai : ปิยะนุช แป้นน้อย ; RTGS : Piyanut Paennoi , born November 10 , 1989 ) is a Thai volleyball player who plays as a Libero for the Thailand women 's national volleyball team .
Wolf Vostell was born in Leverkusen , Germany , and put his artistic ideas into practice from 1950 onwards .
Ingrid Lukas ( born 20 August 1984 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is an Estonian singer - songwriter , pianist and composer , residing in Switzerland .
Katrin Ottarsdóttir ( born 1957 , Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands ) is a Faroese movie director and a poet .
Rocco Borella ( born 1920 in Genoa , Italy ; died 1994 ) was an Italian contemporary painter .
Hashem Shabani ( Arabic : هاشم شعباني‎ died 27 January 2014 ) , also known as Hashem Shabaninejad , was an ethnic Ahwazi Arab citizen of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Born in 1835 at Bouzemont , France , Dom Joseph Pothier was ordained a priest in the diocese of Saint - Dié in 1858 , before immediately joining St Peter 's Abbey , Solesmes under Abbot Dom Prosper Guéranger .
Mikhail Isaakovich Sheftel ( 1862 - -1919 ) was a Russian Jewish lawyer , member of the First Duma of the Russian Empire in 1906 .
In 1899 Douglas Fry came to Australia .
Yelko Gómez ( born March 9 , 1989 , Chiriquí Province ) is a Panamanian cyclist riding for Wilier Panama .
Bernhard Gstrein ( born September 19 , 1965 in Vent ) is a former alpine skier from Austria .
Irwin Lewis ( born 21 April 1939 in Morawa , Western Australia ) is an indigenous Australian artist , who was previously a notable scholar , sportsman and public servant .
K Ja Nu ( Burmese : ကေဂျာနူး , pronounced : ( kè dʑà nú ) ; also spelt K Jar Nu ) is a well - known Burmese pop singer in Burma ( Myanmar ) of Kachin descent ; she was most popular in the 1970s to 1980s .
Carlota Ciganda Machiñena ( born 1 June 1990 ) is a professional golfer from Spain who plays on the Ladies European Tour and the LPGA Tour .
Aril Brikha ( born 1976 in Tehran , Iran ) is one of the world leading Assyrian Techno musicians , he is nominated for the Best Dance album in the Swedish National radio Gold Gala award in his adopted country of Sweden .
Ali Kirunda Kivejinja ( born 12 June 1935 ) , more commonly known as Kirunda Kivejinja , is a veteran Ugandan politician and senior presidential advisor to the President of Uganda , Yoweri Museveni .
Denise Faro is an Italian singer and actress , with an important career in Italy and Latin America .
Agnes M. Sigurðardóttir ( born 19 October 1954 ) was elected Bishop of Iceland in 2012 .
Zacharie Séry Bailly , or Séry Bailly , is an Ivorian academic , politician and short - story writer , born in Abidjan , Ivory Coast on 13 March 1948 .
Jerzy Kryszak ( born 24 April 1950 in Kalisz , Poland ) is a Polish actor .
Gosia Dobrowolska , real name Małgorzata Dobrowolska ( born 2 June 1958 , in Kamienna Góra ) , an Australian actress , was born in Poland .
Juan Manuel Cortés ( born November 20 , 1980 in Quilmes ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Boca Río Gallegos in Torneo Argentino B.
General Ismail Qasim Naji ( Somali : Ismaaciil Qaasim Naaji , Arabic : إسماعيل قاسم ناجي‎ ) was the chief of staff of the Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) of Somalia and currently the Somali ambassador in Oman .
Mohamed Atiq Awayd Al Harbi is a citizen of Saudi Arabia , held in extrajudicial detention in the United States 's Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Nicole Vorpahl ( born March 8 , 1994 in Chile ) is a Chilean volleyball player who plays as libero for the Chile national team .
Denis Buntić ( born November 13 , 1982 ) is a Croatian handballer who plays for the Polish team Vive Targi Kielce and the Croatia national team .
Chief Joseph Karakitie Azigbo ( 1918 - 1986 ) was the Olorogun of Okpe Kingdom in Nigeria .
Johann Morant ( born April 7 , 1986 ) is a French professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for EV Zug in Switzerland 's National League A.
Alexander Serge ( Xander ) de Buisonjé , known as Xander de Buisonjé , ( born in Voorburg , Netherlands on 19 July 1973 ) is a Dutch singer who performs in Dutch and English .
Joseph Robbins Kinney ( April 15 , 1839 -- November 7 , 1919 ) was a merchant , notary public and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Svante Thuresson ( born 7 February 1937 in Stockholm , Sweden ) is a Swedish jazz music musician and singer .
Eqerem Spahia was arrested for `` organising armed uprising , participating in it and violating institutions '' after an armed protest near the parliament building that aimed to topple the Nano government and bring to power Crown Prince Leka , son of Zog of Albania , in September 1998 .
Andriy Pylyavskyi ( Ukrainian : Андрій Борисович Пилявський ; born 4 December 1988 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present - day Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football Defender who currently plays for Russian Premier League club FC Rubin Kazan .
Francis Morphet Twisleton ( 17 February 1873 -- 15 November 1917 ) was a New Zealand soldier who served in the Boer War and the First World War and became well known for his writings of soldiering life .
Finn Haldorsen was the youngest of 13 children born to Haldor Haldorsen and Anne Serine Haldorsen in Rubbestadneset , county of Hordaland , Norway .
Traudl Grassi was a German luger from Czechoslovakia who competed in the late 1930s .
Nicolaus Olai Bothniensis ( born about 1550 in Piteå , died 18 May 1600 ) was Archbishop of Uppsala in the Church of Sweden 1599 - -1600 .
Ibrahim Dasuki Jalo - Waziri is the National Youth Leader of the All Progressives Congress ( APC ) , Nigeria 's main opposition party .
Born in Zürich , canton of Zürich , in Switzerland , Walter Andreas Müller lives in the municipality of Wetzikon .
James Clark Baker ( 13 November 1866 -- 1 February 1939 ) , also known as James Clark , was a New Zealand cricketer who played first - class cricket for Otago from 1890 to 1907 .
Bogdan Stoica made his SUPERKOMBAT debut against the brother of Dževad Poturak , Dženan , with a knockout in an event which took place in Sibiu , Romania .
Safar Hai Shart is a travelogue television show on - air on Express News ( Pakistan ) .
That 's My Doc was a weekend comedy sitcom led by actor Aga Muhlach on ABS - CBN in the Philippines .
Metallic Blues ( in Hebrew , a transliteration of the English,``מטאליק בלוז '' ) is a 2004 film co - production ( Israel / Germany / Canada ) directed by Israeli director Danny Verete .
Aahaa Ethanai Azhagu ( English : Wow ! What Beauty ) is a 2003 Tamil language film released in India .
NCRV ( Nederlandse Christelijke Radio Vereniging ) ( English : Dutch Christian Radio Association ) is a public radio and television broadcaster in the Netherlands , mostly transmitting on NPO 1 and NPO 2 .
Shanghai Grand , also known as Shanghai Grand 1996 to differentiate this film from the more illustrious 1980 television series of the same Chinese title , is a 1996 Hong Kong action crime drama film directed by Poon Man - kit and starring Andy Lau , Leslie Cheung and Ning Jing .
Thalipeeth is a type of savoury multi - grain pancake popular in Western India .
Wings of Destiny is a 1940 action movie directed by Rupert Kathner about the activities of fifth columnists in Australia during World War II .
Virginie was a French - language Canadian television series that aired Monday through Thursday on Radio - Canada ( the French - language CBC television network ) .
A Chinese Ghost Story ( Wade -- Giles : Ch'ien - nü Yu - hun ; literally : `` The Ethereal Spirit of a Beauty '' ) is a 1987 Hong Kong romantic comedy horror film starring Leslie Cheung , Joey Wong and Wu Ma , directed by Ching Siu - tung and produced by Tsui Hark .
The Court of Neptune Fountain is a group of bronze sculptures , by Roland Hinton Perry in 1897 - 1898 .
The Darlington Memorial Fountain is a gilded bronze statue by C. Paul Jennewein .
The Wonder Pets ! television series was created by Josh Selig for Little Airplane Productions .
Hercules ' Dog Discovers Purple Dye is a c.1636 oil painting by Peter Paul Rubens .
The Opening of the Fifth Seal ( or The Fifth Seal of the Apocalypse or The Vision of Saint John ) was painted in the last years of El Greco 's life for a side - altar of the church of Saint John the Baptist outside the walls of Toledo .
Figure for Landscape is a bronze sculpture by Barbara Hepworth , modeled in 1960 .
The CAS donated Mega - Gem to the IMA at a gala in 1997 with John Torreano in attendance .
Stone Age in America is a bronze statue by John J. Boyle .
L'Enfant a la tasse or L'Enfant a la tasse , portrait de Jean Monet is an oil painting by Impressionist Claude Monet created in 1868 .
Princess Natasha is a flash cartoon that was developed by Larry Schwarz for AOL Kids .
A Rake 's Progress is a series of eight paintings by 18th - century English artist William Hogarth .
The Pirate Bay was first run by Gottfrid Svartholm and Fredrik Neij , who are known by their nicknames `` anakata '' and `` TiAMO '' , respectively .
Created by Jana Sinyor , the series was originally announced by the CBC as The Session , but was retitled Being Erica before debuting in 2009 .
The Nut Gatherers ( Les Noisettes ) is an 1882 oil painting by the French artist William - Adolphe Bouguereau .
View from the Artist 's Window is a painting from 1825 by Martinus Rørbye , a Danish Romantic genre , landscape and architecture painter .
Professor Joseph Henry is a bronze outdoor sculpture by William Wetmore Story , depicting Joseph Henry , located in front of the Smithsonian Institution Building in Washington , D.C. The sculpture is nine feet tall , with a base made from Maine red granite and Quincy gray granite .
The Santa Trinita Maestà ( Italian : Maestà di Santa Trinita ) is a painting by the Italian medieval artist Cimabue , dating to c. 1290 - 1300 .
Madonna and Child with Flowers , otherwise known as the Benois Madonna , could be one of two Madonnas Leonardo da Vinci had commented on having started in October 1478 .
The Jack Pine is a well - known oil painting by Canadian artist Tom Thomson .
Albertine i politilægens venteværelse ( English : Albertine at the Police Doctor 's Waiting Room ; finished 1887 ) is the title of a naturalist painting by Norwegian artist Christian Krohg , showing the scene in a waiting room .
The Corpse of Christ is a painting by the Italian Baroque master Annibale Carracci , dating to c. 1583 - 1585 and housed in the Staatsgalerie of Stuttgart , Germany .
It 's Flashbeagle , Charlie Brown is the 27th prime - time animated musical television special based upon the comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
The Elephants ( Spanish : Los Elefantes ) is a 1948 painting by the Spanish surrealist artist Salvador Dalí .
A Bar at the Folies - Bergère ( French : Un bar aux Folies Bergère ) , painted and exhibited at the Paris Salon in 1882 , was the last major work by French painter Édouard Manet .
Beh Bote Nga ( a play on the title of a popular Filipino song `` Beh Buti Nga '' meaning `` Bleh , Good For You '' , sarcastically speaking ) is a situational comedy television show in the Philippines aired every Wednesday evenings by GMA Network from March 8 , 1999 to April 25 , 2003 .
Kobo , the Li'l Rascal , also known as Kobo - chan ( コボちゃん ) , is a manga created by Masashi Ueda .
Starry Night Over the Rhone ( September 1888 ) is one of Vincent van Gogh 's paintings of Arles at night time .
A Happy Death ( original title La mort heureuse ) was the first novel by French writer - philosopher Albert Camus .
Women and Birds ( Spanish : Femmes et Oiseaux ) is a painting by the Catalan artist Joan Miró .
Evil Under the Sun is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in June 1941 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in October of the same year .
Girlfriends ' Guide to Divorce is an American drama television series developed by Marti Noxon for the American cable network Bravo .
77 Sunset Strip is an American television private detective series created by Roy Huggins and starring Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. , Roger Smith and Edd Byrnes .
Perseus and the Gorgon is a 1902 monumental sculpture by Camille Claudel .
Floreat Etona ! is an 1882 painting by Elizabeth Thompson , Lady Butler .
Britt Allcroft 's Magic Adventures of Mumfie is a British - American animated children 's television series and movie , inspired by the works of Katharine Tozer , with an original music score containing more than 22 songs .
Galaxy Boy Troop was a children 's TV series created by Osamu Tezuka that combined marionettes with traditional animation .
Daisy Bates at Ooldea is a painting by Australian artist Sidney Nolan , completed in Sydney in 1950 after Nolan , his wife Cynthia and stepdaughter Jinx visited the small South Australian settlement of Ooldea during their travels in Central Australia .
The George Armstrong Custer Equestrian Monument , also known as Sighting the Enemy , is an equestrian statue of General George Armstrong Custer by Edward Clark Potter , located in Monroe , Michigan , his childhood home .
The San Giacomo dell'Orio Altarpiece ( or Madonna and Four Saints ) is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Lorenzo Lotto , dating from 1546 and housed in the church of San Giacomo dell'Orio in Venice .
Circle of Animals / Zodiac Heads is an artwork by Chinese contemporary artist and political commentator , Ai Weiwei .
Captain Caveman and the Teen Angels is a Saturday morning animated series created by Joe Ruby and Ken Spears and produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions which aired on ABC from September 10 , 1977 to June 21 , 1980 .
Portrait of Gustave Geffroy is a c. 1895 painting by the French Post - Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne .
Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening ( 1944 ) is a surrealist painting by Salvador Dalí .
Boule et Bill ( known in English as Billy & Buddy ) is a popular comic , created in 1959 by the Belgian writer - artist Jean Roba in collaboration with Maurice Rosy .
Kneippbrød ( `` Kneippbread '' ) is a whole wheat bread named for Sebastian Kneipp , a 19th - century Bavarian priest and hydrotherapist .
Metalocalypse is an American animated television series , created by Brendon Small and Tommy Blacha , which premiered on August 6 , 2006 on Adult Swim .
The Monk by the Sea ( German : Der Mönch am Meer ) is an oil painting by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich .
Saddle Rash was created by Loren Bouchard , co - creator of Home Movies .
Presencia de América Latina ( Presence of Latin America ) , also known as Integración de América Latina ( Integration of Latin America ) is a mural painted by Mexican artist Jorge González Camarena between November 1964 and April 1965 .
Gertie the Dinosaur is a 1914 animated short film by American cartoonist and animator Winsor McCay .
La donna gravida ( or simply La gravida ; Italian for `` The Pregnant Woman '' ) is an oil on wood portrait by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael .
Osorezan no Stooges Kyo is an album by Boredoms , released in 1988 on Selfish Records .
Line Describing a Cone is a film produced in 1973 by artist Anthony McCall as part of his `` solid light '' film series .
RanXerox is an Italian science fiction graphic novel series by Stefano Tamburini and Tanino Liberatore , two Italian artists who had worked on such magazines as Cannibale and Frigidaire .
The Merry Trio is an oil painting by Judith Leyster in the Collection Noortman .
The Marsuppini Coronation is a painting of the Coronation of the Virgin by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippo Lippi , dating to after 1444 .
It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown is a 1966 American prime time animated television special based on the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
it was launched on 1 February 1991 on RCTI , Buletin Malam which was then hosted by Helmi Johannes and Desi Anwar became so popular since it had been focused on developments in the then Soviet Union with its glasnost and perestroika that ended in the country 's disintegration .
Happyish ( stylized as HAPPYish ) is an American dark satirical comedy - drama series created and written by Shalom Auslander and starring Steve Coogan , Kathryn Hahn , Bradley Whitford and Ellen Barkin .
The Liberation of Saint Peter is a fresco painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael and his assistant Giulio Romano .
Atrani , Coast of Amalfi is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher , first printed in August 1931 .
Impressionist painter , Edgar Degas , began painting scenes with horses in the 1860s , including Before the Race ( 1882 - -84 ) .
The Sarah Jane Adventures is a British science fiction television programme , that was produced by BBC Cymru Wales for CBBC , created by Russell T Davies starring Elisabeth Sladen .
Rolling with the Ronks ! ( known as Welcome to the Ronks ! in pilot and Bienvenue chez les Ronks ! in France ) is an upcoming French animated television series created by Olivier Jean - Marie , And it was produced by Xilam Animation , directed by Charles Vaucelle .
Captain Star was a British / Canadian animated series starring Richard E. Grant as Captain Jim Star , based on a comic by Steven Appleby :
Fraggle Rock ( also known as Jim Henson 's Fraggle Rock or Fraggle Rock with Jim Henson 's Muppets ) is a British / American / Canadian children 's live action puppet television series created by Jim Henson , about a society of Muppet creatures called Fraggles .
The Madonna del Ceppo is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Filippo Lippi , commissioned to him between 1452 and 1453 .
General Artemas Ward is a bronze statue by Leonard Crunelle at Ward Circle , at the intersection of Nebraska Avenue and Massachusetts Avenues in Northwest , Washington , D.C. As a part of bequest of George Artemas Ward , great grandson of the general , to Harvard University , the sculpture was funded for $ 50,000 .
Melencolia I is a 1514 engraving by the German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer .
Mortified was created by screenwriter and author Angela Webber .
Bokklubben World Library ( Norwegian : Verdensbiblioteket ) is a series of classical books , mostly novels , published by the Norwegian Book Club since 2002 .
The Finding of the Saviour in the Temple ( 1854 - -60 ) is a painting by William Holman Hunt intended as an ethnographically accurate version of the subject traditionally known as `` Christ Among the Doctors '' , an illustration of the child Jesus debating the interpretation of the scripture with learned rabbis .
Alexander Zwo ( literally translated `` Alexander No . 2 '' ) is a German - French - Austrian - Italian TV mini - series directed by Franz Peter Wirth .
Dressing for the Carnival is an 1877 painting by the American painter , printmaker and illustrator Winslow Homer .
Thomas the Tank Engine is a small fictional steam locomotive in The Railway Series books by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry and his son , Christopher .
Watson and the Shark is a 1778 oil painting by John Singleton Copley , depicting the rescue of Brook Watson from a shark attack in Havana , Cuba .
Tete de femme ( Dora Maar ) is a plaster - modelled , bronze - cast sculpture by Pablo Picasso .
The Thirteen Problems is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Collins Crime Club in June 1932 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1933 under the title The Tuesday Club Murders .
From the Basement is a podcast turned television programme created by music producer and engineer Nigel Godrich and producer Dilly Gent that features live performances from various musicians , without a host or audience .
Aerodynamic Forms in Space is a 2010 sculpture by Rodney Graham , located at the Georgia Street entrance to Stanley Park in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Arnoldo Zocchi ( also Arnaldo ) ( 20 September 1862 -- 17 July 1940 ) was a noted Italian sculptor of the late 19th and early 20th century .
Zvi Yehuda ( Hebrew : צבי יהודה‎‎ , born Zvi Zaltzman in 1887 , died 3 October 1965 ) was a Zionist activist and later a politician .
James Cuffe , 1st Baron Tyrawley ( 1747 -- 15 June 1821 ) was an Irish peer and politician .
Sir Leoline Jenkins ( 1625 -- 1 September 1685 ) was a Welsh academic , jurist and politician .
Charles Archer ( 1861 - -1941 ) was an administrator in British India , he served as the Chief Commissioner of Baluchistan province four times .
Peter Niers ( or Niersch ) was a German bandit and reputed serial killer who was executed on 16 September 1581 in Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz , some 40 km distant from Nuremberg .
Pierre d'Espagnac , sometimes Pierre d'Espagnal ( 1650 - -1689 ) was a French Jesuit missionary in Siam ( modern Thailand ) during the 17th century .
Nautamlal Bhagavanji Mehta , or the Nagar Sheth of Jetpur ( 2 September 1879 -- 2 September 1968 ) was an Indian independence activist and a supporter of Mahatma Gandhi .
Serafino Secchi ( died 1628 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1612 to 1628 .
Bjørn Haga ( died 2010 ) was a Norwegian journalist .
Golden Axe Warrior is an action - adventure game released on the Sega Master System in 1991 and a spin - off of the popular Golden Axe video game series .
Gothic II is a role - playing video game and the sequel to Gothic , by the German developer Piranha Bytes .
Star Strike is a single - player video game , released by Mattel for its Intellivision video game system in 1982 .
Titan Wars ( released as Solar Eclipse in North America ) is a video game released for the Sega Saturn , developed and published by Crystal Dynamics ( before the buyout by Eidos Interactive ) .
Steal Princess , known in Japan as Steal Princess ~Touzoku Oujo~ ( スティールプリンセス～盗賊皇女 ～ ) , is a puzzle - based platform game developed by Climax Entertainment .
Tea Society of a Witch is an interactive AnimePlay DVD version of the Japanese bishōjo game Majo no Ochakai ( 魔女のお茶会 ) by Front Wing .
Temple of Apshai is a dungeon crawl role - playing video game developed and published by Automated Simulations ( later renamed to Epyx ) in 1979 .
Child of Light is a platforming role - playing video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft .
Chu 's Dynasty is a 2010 fighting video game developed and published by Tribetoy .
Guild Wars 2 is a massively multiplayer online role - playing game developed by ArenaNet and published by NCSOFT .
ObjectVision was a forms - based programming language and environment for Windows 3.x developed by Borland .
UNICOS is the name of a range of Unix - like operating system variants developed by Cray for its supercomputers .
Cold Winter is a 2005 first - person shooter video game developed by Swordfish Studios and published by Vivendi Universal Games for the PlayStation 2 .
Master of Magic is a single - player , fantasy turn - based strategy 4X genre video game created by Simtex and published for MS - DOS by MicroProse in 1994 .
Burntime is a strategy / RPG video game for DOS and Amiga computers produced by Max Design in 1993 .
JetBrains PhpStorm is a commercial , cross - platform IDE for PHP built on JetBrains ' IntelliJ IDEA platform .
Age of Wonders III is a 4X turn - based strategy video game developed and published by Dutch developer Triumph Studios .
Dracula Twins is a Microsoft Windows platformer published and developed by Swedish developer - publisher Legendo Entertainment .
ARJ ( Archived by Robert Jung ) is a software tool designed by Robert K. Jung for creating high - efficiency compressed file archives .
Flying Corps is a 1996 World War I flight simulator developed by Rowan Software and published by Empire Interactive .
Robowarrior , known in Japan as Bomber King ( ボンバーキング Bonbā Kingu ) , is an English language action / puzzle video game developed by Hudson Soft and published by Jaleco for the Nintendo Entertainment System and the MSX .
Pro Evolution Soccer 2013 ( officially abbreviated as PES 2013 and known as World Soccer : Winning Eleven 2013 in Japan and South Korea ) is an association football video game , developed and published by Konami .
Warner Bros. Digital Distribution announced Tapper World Tour in February 2011 and is working with animator Don Bluth and his game development company Square One Studios .
Grand Slam Tennis 2 is a tennis video game , developed by EA Canada , it was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on February 10 , 2012 in Europe and February 14 , 2012 in North America .
The Legend of Oasis , known in Japan as Thor ~Seirei Ou Kiden~ ( トア 〜精霊王紀伝〜 lit . `` Thor ~Chronicles of the Elemental King~ '' ) and in Europe as The Story of Thor 2 , is a 1996 action role - playing game developed by Ancient and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn .
Ape Quest ( known as Sarugetchu : Piposaru Senki in Japan ) is a role - playing video game spinoff from the Ape Escape series by Sony Computer Entertainment .
Hasbro Family Game Night is a video game originally released for the PlayStation 2 and Wii published by Electronic Arts .
Racing Simulation 2 is a driving simulation video game , released for PC developed and released by Ubisoft in 1998 ( although it was minorly re - released in 2002 ) It incorporates and is based on factors from the sport of Formula One .
The Lost Mind of Dr. Brain is the third installment of the educational Dr. Brain series , created and published by Sierra Entertainment .
Cabela 's Dangerous Hunts 2 is a 2005 hunting video game published by Sand Grain Studios and Cabela 's .
Sensible Golf was a 2D golf game released by Sensible Software in 1994 for the Amiga .
Cool Boarders 2 ( Cool Boarders 2 : Killing Session in Japan ) is a snowboarding video game developed by UEP Systems for the PlayStation .
Toki Tori 2 is the sequel to the 2001 game Toki Tori developed by Dutch video game development company Two Tribes B.V ..
Street Fighter Alpha 2 , known as Street Fighter Zero 2 ( ストリートファイターZERO 2 ) in Japan , Asia , and South America , is a 1996 fighting game originally released for the CPS II arcade hardware by Capcom .
New International Track & Field ( New International ハイパースポーツDS New International Hyper Sports DS , `` ) , is a sports video game by Konami for the Nintendo DS . Developed by Sumo Digital , it is the latest game in Konami 's Track and Field series .
Adobe eLearning Suite is a collection of applications made by Adobe Systems for learning professionals , instructional designers , training managers , content developers , and educators .
Cruise for a Corpse ( orig . Croisière pour un cadavre ) is an adventure game from Delphine Software International , made for the Amiga , Atari ST and IBM PC .
Tokimeki Memorial Girl 's Side : 3rd Story is the 2010 sequel to Tokimeki Memorial Girl 's Side : 2nd Kiss and the seventh main game in Konami 's Tokimeki Memorial dating sim series .
Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix , released in Japan as Pocket Fighter ( Japanese : ポケットファイター ) , is a fighting video game released by Capcom in 1997 for the CPS II arcade system .
Shining Legend is a Korean action role - playing game currently being developed for the Nintendo DS by Blueside .
Runes of Magic ( RoM ) is a massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) developed by the Taiwanese developer Runewaker Entertainment and adapted for the English and German - speaking market by German company Frogster Interactive .
Silk Central is a test management software developed by Borland with integrated framework that is built to improve productivity , traceability , and visibility for all types of software testing .
Apache 3 is a 3D scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game released by Tatsumi ( and Data East in North America ) in 1988 .
Flock ! ( stylized as FLOCK ! ) is a puzzle video game developed by Proper Games and published by Capcom for Windows , PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade .
The Datestones of Ryn is a role - playing video game ( RPG ) from Epyx .
Psycho Pinball is a 1994 pinball video game published and developed by Codemasters , released for the Sega Mega Drive in the United Kingdom , and DOS personal computers in the U.S. and Europe
FlatOut is a series of action racing video games created by Finnish independent video game developer Bugbear Entertainment .
Nuclear Strike is a shooter video game developed and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation in 1997 .
Super Puzzle Bobble , also released as Super Bust - A - Move in Europe and North America , is a puzzle game developed by Taito Corporation , and released on November 26 , 2000 by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation 2 and PC ( not to be confused with the arcade entry with the same name ) .
XTS-400 was developed by BAE Systems , and originally released as version 6.0 in December 2003 .
Company of Heroes is a 2006 real - time strategy video game developed by Relic Entertainment and published by THQ for the Microsoft Windows and OS X operating systems .
Backyard Soccer , known in Europe as Junior Sports Football , is an association football video game in the Backyard Sports series , developed by Humongous Entertainment and published by Infogrames .
Sengoku Ninja Tai ( Japanese : The Sengoku 's Greatest Ninja ) is an arcade game released by Data East in December 1980 .
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 ( IE6 ) is the sixth major revision of Internet Explorer , a web browser developed by Microsoft for Windows operating systems .
Creatures 3 is the third game in the Creatures a - life game series made by Creature Labs .
Dark Colony is a 1997 real - time strategy ( RTS ) computer game developed by GameTek and published by Strategic Simulations , Inc ..
Big Nose the Caveman is a NES game released in 1991 by Camerica .
101 Shark Pets is a pet caring simulation developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare .
Nine Inch Nails Revenge is a rhythm game developed by Tapulous available for the iOS platform .
Buggy Boy , also known as Speed Buggy , is a driving style arcade game developed by Tatsumi in 1985 .
Cosmic Ark is a 1982 Atari 2600 video game , developed and published by Imagic as the sequel to the Atlantis ( video game ) .
Tube Slider is a futuristic racing game released exclusively in North America by NEC and developed by Nd Cube for the Nintendo GameCube on April 17 , 2003 .
Space Taxi is an action game for the Commodore 64 written by John Kutcher and published by Muse Software in 1984 .
Hellraid is an upcoming video game in development by Techland .
Super Army War is a 2005 video game developed by French company Neko Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance .
Cities in Motion is a business simulation game developed by Colossal Order and published by Paradox Interactive .
3D Monster Maze is a computer game developed from an idea by J.K.Greye and programmed by Malcolm Evans in 1981 for the Sinclair ZX81 platform with the 16 KB memory expansion .
The Legend of Dragoon is a role - playing video game developed and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation .
Alien Crush Returns is a WiiWare pinball video game developed by Tamsoft and published by Hudson Soft .
Skull & Crossbones is a two - player arcade game developed by Atari Games .
WWE 2K16 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke 's and Visual Concepts , and is published by 2 K Sports for the PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) , PlayStation 4 ( PS4 ) , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One .
Lumines Electronic Symphony is a game developed by Q Entertainment and published by Ubisoft for the PlayStation Vita .
Amazon Prime Air is a conceptual drone - based delivery system currently in development by Amazon.com .
Legion Arena is a real - time tactical role - playing video game by Slitherine Strategies that allows the player to play as several tribes during the rise of the Roman Empire .
Bubba ' n ' Stix is a 2-D side - scrolling platform game for the Mega Drive / Genesis , Amiga and Amiga CD32 developed and released by Core Design .
Lego Chess is a Lego - themed strategy video game based on chess , developed by Krisalis Software and published by Lego Media .
UFC 2009 Undisputed is a mixed martial arts video game featuring Ultimate Fighting Championship properties and fighters developed by Yuke 's Osaka and published by THQ .
NBA 2K9 is a basketball simulation video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2 K Sports .
Metal Head is a 3D first - person shooter mecha simulation video game developed and published by Sega , and released in 1995 for the Genesis / Mega Drive 's 32X add - on , allowing for fully texture - mapped polygons .
Resident Evil 5 , known in Japan as Biohazard 5 ( バイオハザード5 Baiohazādo 5 ) , is a third - person shooter video game developed and published by Capcom .
Zero Gunner 2 is a 3D multidirectional shooter developed by Psikyo as a sequel to Zero Gunner , the original arcade game .
AND 1 Streetball is a streetball video game for PlayStation 2 and Xbox , developed by Black Ops Entertainment and published by Ubisoft .
Inaindha Kaigal ( English : Conjoined Hands ) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film , directed by N. K. Vishwanathan .
Bloody Doll ( Chinese : 怨灵人偶 ) is a 2014 Chinese horror thriller film directed by Teruyoshi Ishii .
Anbe Vaa ( English : Come , My Love ) is a 1966 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar .
They Call Me Jeeg ( Italian : Lo chiamavano Jeeg Robot ) is a 2015 Italian superhero comedy film directed by Gabriele Mainetti and starring Claudio Santamaria .
Maha Nadigan ( English : Great Actor ) is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram .
10 Rules for Sleeping Around is a 2013 American screwball romantic - comedy film written , produced , and directed by Leslie Greif and starring Jesse Bradford , Chris Marquette , Tammin Sursok , Virginia Williams and Reid Ewing .
Job , czyli ostatnia szara komórka ( Yob , or The Last Brain Cell ) is a 2006 Polish comedy film directed by Konrad Niewolski .
Sunshine Sally is a 1922 Australian silent film directed by Lawson Harris set in the Sydney suburb of Woolloomooloo .
Sleeping Car to Trieste is a 1948 is a British film directed by John Paddy Carstairs .
Modern Vampires ( also billed as Revenant ) is a 1998 black horror / comedy film that was released Oct 19 , 1999 straight to video , written by Matthew Bright and directed by Richard Elfman .
The Song dynasty ( Chinese : 宋朝 ; pinyin : Sòng cháo , ( suŋ˥˧ tʂʰau˧˥ ) ) was an era of Chinese history that began in 960 and continued until 1279 .
The Department of Alaska was the designation for the government of Alaska from its purchase by the United States of America in 1867 until its organization as the District of Alaska in 1884 .
In 1919 , Room 40 was deactivated and its function merged with the British Army 's intelligence unit MI1b to form the Government Code and Cypher School ( GC&CS ) .
Zangezursky Uyezd ( Russian : Зангезурский уезд ) was one of the uyezds ( administrative units ) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Gorysy from 1868 until its formal abolition in 1921 by Soviet authorities .
1995 - The name Abraham & Straus is dropped in favor of the more widely known name Macy 's , and Macy 's East is formed .
Following allegations of accounting fraud , a murder of a bank auditor , and the suicide of the firm 's adviser , the Carrian Group collapsed in 1983 , the largest bankruptcy in Hong Kong .
Riseberga Abbey ( Swedish : Riseberga kloster ) , was a Cistercian nunnery in Sweden , in operation from cirka 1180 until 1534 .
The West Ukrainian People 's Republic ( Ukrainian : Західноукраїнська Народна Республіка , Zakhidnoukrayins’ka Narodna Respublyka , ZUNR ) was a short - lived republic that existed in late 1918 and early 1919 in eastern Galicia .
The Duchy of Saxe - Zeitz was a territory of the Holy Roman Empire of German Nation from 1656/57 to 1718 .
In December 2005 , Minnetonka , Minnesota - based Musicland Group , which owned Media Play , announced it would close all 61 stores by the end of January 2006 and refocus on its Sam Goody and Suncoast chains .
It dissolved after the Prussian victory in the Seven Weeks ' War and the establishment of the North German Confederation in 1866 .
The Kingdom of Dyfed is one of several Welsh petty kingdoms that emerged in 5th - century post - Roman Britain in south - west Wales , based on the former Irish tribal lands of the Déisi from c 350 until it was subsumed into Deheubarth in 920 .
The Hohenlychen Sanatorium was a complex of sanatoriums in Lychen , Uckermark district ( a bit north of Berlin ) , Germany , that existed from 1902 to 1945 .
The Air Ministry was a department of the British Government with the responsibility of managing the affairs of the Royal Air Force , that existed from 1918 to 1964 .
In 2009 , Jones Radio Networks ceased operations after all of their radio programs and remaining satellite formats were acquired by Triton Media Group 's Dial Global .
As a consequence of the dying text adventure market , Magnetic Scrolls ceased publishing in 1992 .
Harsha ( c. 590 - -647 ) , also known as Harshavardhana , was an Indian emperor who ruled North India from 606 to 647 from his capital Kanauj .
The squadron was redesignated VFA-305 on 1 January 1987 , and disestablished on 31 December 1994 .
The Province of Kurhessen ( German : Provinz Kurhessen ) was a province of Prussia within Nazi Germany between 1944 and 1945 .
The Taifa of Murviedro and Sagunto was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in a short period from 1086 to 1092 .
The Province of Prussia ( German : Provinz Preußen ; Kashubian : Prowincjô Prësë ) was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1829 - -1878 created out of the provinces of East Prussia and West Prussia .
In March 2008 it was announced that the group had been bought by G4S and was to be re - branded as G4S Events , Mark Hamilton ( Rock Steady ) the current Managing Director of the Rock Steady Group is to become the Managing Director of the new division of G4S.
Kreis Znin was a Kreis ( district ) in the northern administrative government region of Bromberg , in the Prussian province of Posen , from 1887 - 1919 .
Lega Padana Lombardia ( Padanian League Lombardy ) , briefly in 2008 part of the Lombardia Autonoma ( Self - Governing Lombardy ) coalition , was a Padanist and autonomist political party active in Lombardy , northern Italy , between 2001 and 2011 .
The La Va Bon Train ( `` goes like blazes '' in French ) was a French automobile manufactured by Larroumet and Lagarde of Agen , Lot - et - Garonne between 1904 and 1914 .
On 5 December 2004 Air Polonia ceased operations due to financial difficulties .
The Reich Chancellery ( German : Reichskanzlei ) was the traditional name of the office of the Chancellor of Germany ( then called Reichskanzler ) in the period of the German Reich from 1871 to 1945 .
Kymmenegård County ( Swedish : Kymmenegårds län , Finnish : Kymenkartanon lääni ) was a county of Sweden 1775 - 1809 and province of Grand Duchy of Finland 1809 - 1831 .
Generalstabens Topografiske Afdeling ( English : the General staff topographic department ) was the cartographic , topographic and general maps department of the Danish army from 1842 to 1928 .
Phelon & Moore manufactured motorcycles in Cleckheaton , Yorkshire , England from 1904 to 1967 particularly those under the Panther marque .
After several mismanaged years when telecommunications services were in demand during the dot - com boom ( 1998 - -2001 ) and a brief frenetic attempt to sell directly to the consumer with a retail program in order to generate revenue , Comdial filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in May 2005 .
The Wojskowy Instytut Geograficzny ( WIG ) was the Polish Military Geographical Institute from 1919 until 1949 .
The Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company was a United States shipyard , active from 1917 to 1948 .
Eventually the new digital plans were approved , and BBC Knowledge closed down on 2 March 2002 with the farewell announcement : ' That 's it from us tonight - as you 've heard , an exciting beginning for a brand new channel is just hours away .
The Virginia Slims of Indianapolis is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1972 to 1992 .
Former commune of the Rhône department , Vaise was linked to Lyon on 24 March 1852 , to form part of the 5th arrondissement .
As a result , on 3 January 2007 , Music Zone went into administration with 31 stores across the United Kingdom closing two weeks later .
The Minneapolis Bruins were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the Central Professional Hockey League ( CPHL ) from 1963 to 1965 .
Spanish Texas was one of the interior provinces of the Spanish colonial Viceroyalty of New Spain from 1690 until 1821 .
Developments including an extended wheelbase , wider track and use of Austin Mini wheels saw the Invacars right through to the end of the final DHSS contract in 1977 .
Triloki Nath Madan , commonly , T. N. Madan , ( born 12 August 1933 in Kashmir , India ) is an anthropologist , with a Ph . D from the Australian National University ( 1960 ) .
Following studies at the University of Michigan ( 1983 - -1985 ) , Timothy Perkins received a Meisterschüler degree in painting from the Berlin University of the Arts , where he studied under Martin Engleman ( Dutch , 1924 - -1992 ) .
John Embree received his B.A. from the University of Hawaii in 1931 , his M.A. from the University of Toronto in 1934 and his Ph . D from the University of Chicago in 1937 .
Michael Martin Hammer ( 13 April 1948 -- 3 Sept 2008 ) was an American engineer , management author , and a former professor of computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , known as one of the founders of the management theory of Business process reengineering ( BPR ) .
Peter Early graduated from the Lexington Academy ( current - day Washington and Lee University ) .
Graduating from Dickinson College in Carlisle in 1813 , Harmar Denny was admitted to the bar in Pennsylvania in 1816 and became a law partner with Henry Baldwin and practiced law in Pittsburgh .
Sanoh Thienthong has graduated with a Bachelor of Laws degree from the Sripatum University .
John H. Hamlin ( June 21 , 1909 -- April 1981 ) graduated from Stanford University with an A.B. in 1929 .
Kenneth Turpin ( 13 January 1915 -- 14 September 2005 ) was a Provost of Oriel College , Oxford from 1957 to 1980 .
Janine Jagger ( born c. 1950 ) is an American epidemiologist , Becton Dickinson Professor of Research of Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases , and director of the International Health Care Worker Safety Center at the University of Virginia School of Medicine .
A member of the Lockport High School Glee Club and the Lockport High School basketball team ( 1922 ) , Ferrin Fraser was in the Columbia University class of 1927 but did not graduate .
Laurence Whitfield went to the Slade School of Fine Art , London in 1960 , where he was a contemporary and friend of Colin Self , Peter Green , and Terry Atkinson , all exhibiting at the I.C.A `` Young Contemporaries '' exhibitions 1961 and 1962 .
Bettina Plevan received her Bachelor of Arts degree from Wellesley College in 1967 , and her Juris Doctor from Boston University in 1970 , where she graduated magna cum laude and was an editor of the Boston University Law Review .
Gustavo Silva Pizarro obtained a degree in Law and Political Sciences from the University of Chile on 15 November 1909 , subsequently becoming a lawyer .
Christopher Yost graduated from the University of Michigan with a film and video degree .
Maurice Valency ( March 22 , 1903 -- September 28 , 1996 ) was a playwright , author , critic , and popular professor of Comparative Literature at Columbia University , best known for his award winning adaptations of plays by Jean Giraudoux and Friedrich Dürrenmatt .
Bernhard Scheid ( born 1960 ) is an Austrian historian , academic and Japanologist , affiliated to the Austrian Academy of Sciences and the Institute of East Asian Studies at the University of Vienna ( Institut für Ostasienkunde der Universität Wien ) .
James Rizzi studied Fine Arts at the University of Florida in Gainesville , Florida .
Timothy Dwight V ( November 16 , 1828 -- May 26 , 1916 ) was an American academic , an educator , a Congregational minister , and President of Yale University ( 1886 - -1898 ) .
Vaughan Jones was born in Gisborne , New Zealand and brought up in Cambridge , New Zealand , completing secondary school at Auckland Grammar School .
Sir Alexander Grant , 10th Baronet LLD FRSE ( 23 September 1826 -- 30 November 1884 ) was a British educationalist and principal of the University of Edinburgh .
Yves Meyer was placed first in the entrance examination for the École Normale Supérieure in 1957 .
He was educated at Nelson College ( 1887 - -1896 ) , a school his grandfather , Alfred Fell , helped found in 1856 .
Bill Corrigan worked at a General Motors assembly plant in order to put himself through college at the University of Notre Dame .
Esther Damalie Nagitta - Musoke ( Esther Damalie Naggita - Musoke ) is a Ugandan academic , and is the current dean of the Law Faculty at Makerere University , Uganda .
Richard Lesh ( or Dick Lesh as he is commonly known to colleagues and friends ) is a professor of Learning Sciences , Cognitive Science , and Mathematics Education at Indiana University in Bloomington , Indiana .
Doug Korn earned a bachelor 's degree with honors from the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School and an MBA from Harvard Business School with high distinction as a George F. Baker Scholar .
Following high school , Joseph Kabila followed a military curriculum in Tanzania , then at Makerere University in Uganda .
Stephen Mosley was educated at King Edward 's School in Birmingham before reading Chemistry at the University of Nottingham .
John James Appleton studied at Phillips Andover Academy , and graduated from Harvard University in 1813 .
Srijan Pal Singh is an Electrical engineer from the Institute of Engineering & Technology , Lucknow and a Management graduate from the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad ( IIMA ) ; which is consistently ranked as one of the best business schools in India and in the Asia - Pacific region .
Zha Blong Xiong is an associate professor in the Department of Family Social Science in the College of Education and Human Development at the University of Minnesota , Twin Cities , USA .
Eilhard Mitscherlich as educated at Jever by the historian Friedrich Christoph Schlosser , and in 1811 went to the University of Heidelberg devoting himself to philology , with an emphasis on the Persian language .
After both members graduated from Vassar College in 2010 , MS MR released a four - song digital demo EP , Ghost City USA ( 2011 ) , followed by two 2012 singles , `` Hurricane '' and `` Fantasy '' .
John Harmar ( ca . 1555 - -1613 ) was an English classical scholar and headmaster of Winchester College .
Karen Kilimnik studied at Temple University , Philadelphia .
Anthony Berkeley Cox was born in 1893 in Watford , and educated at Sherborne School and University College London .
Professor Kurt Lambeck ( born 20 September 1941 in Utrecht , Netherlands ) AO , FRS , FAA , FRSN is Professor of Geophysics at the Australian National University in Canberra , Australia .
Timothy Mahr ( born March 20 , 1956 ) is a professor of music at St. Olaf College , and an American composer and conductor .
Born to military parents originally from Finistère , Bernadette Malgorn completed her university studies in history in the University of Rennes 2 - Upper Brittany and in economy in the University of Rennes 1 .
Peter Skalicky ( born 25 April 1941 in Berlin , Germany ) is the former rector of the Vienna University of Technology , Austria .
Jacques Stern ( born 21 August 1949 ) is a cryptographer , currently a professor at the École Normale Supérieure , where he is Director of the Computer Science Laboratory .
Sir John Macqueen Ward , CBE , CA , FRSE , FRSA , FIET is a Scottish businessman educated at Edinburgh Academy and at Fettes College .
Edeline Lee was born and raised in Vancouver , BC , Canada and completed a Bachelor of Arts degree with First Class Joint Honors at McGill University in 1999 .
Dobrinka Tabakova 's `` Praise '' was sung at St. Paul 's Cathedral to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II . She won the GSMD Lutoslawski Composition Prize in 1999 and the Adam Prize of King 's College London for the song cycle Sonnets to Sundry Notes in Music in 2007 .
After growing up in rural Connecticut , an environment that greatly influences his work , Timo Andres attended Yale University for both his undergraduate and graduate education .
Peter Huybers received a B.S. in physics in 1996 from the United States Military Academy at West Point , and a Ph.D. in climate chemistry and physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2004 .
264 pp . Yale University Press , ISBN 0 - 300 - 04001 - 6 Remembering Reinhold Niebuhr .
Reynolds has since established the Butch Reynolds Care for Kids Foundation and was the speed coach for the Ohio State University football team up until his resignation in April 2008 .
Leonora A. Hohl ( 9 March 1909 -- 30 June 1997 ) was a microbiologist from the College of Agriculture at the University of California , Berkeley .
Rafiq Azam is a graduate from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology ( BUET ) , 1989 .
Daniel Shiffman ( born July 29 , 1973 , Baltimore , MD ) is a programmer , a project lead with the Processing Foundation , and an Associate Arts Professor at the Interactive Telecommunications Program at NYU 's Tisch School of the Arts .
Zeng Fanyi obtained her Bachelor of Science from the University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) , and M.D. and Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania ( UPenn ) Medical School and the University of Pennsylvania School of Arts and Sciences , respectively .
Patrick Rothfuss was born in Madison , Wisconsin , and received his B.S. in English from the University of Wisconsin-- Stevens Point in 1999 after spending nine years as an undergraduate .
Matt Gentry attended college at Stanford University , graduating in 2004 with a degree in Human Biology .
Odetta was born in Birmingham , Alabama , grew up in Los Angeles , attended Belmont High School , and studied music at Los Angeles City College while employed as a domestic worker .
Miguel Alonso Reyes coursed his basic education in the city of Zacatecas and graduated as a lawyer from the Universidad Panamericana in Mexico City .
( Bill Walton attended Stanford Law School for two years but never graduated . )
Born in 1893 , Bertram Lamb Pearson was educated at Wakefield Grammar School , at Bedford School and at The Queen 's College , Oxford .
Walter Koelz studied zoology and received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Michigan in 1920 .
Mark Gerson and fellow Yale Law School graduate Thomas Lehrman founded the Gerson Lehrman Group in 1998 as a publishing house to provide industry guidebooks for institutional investors .
Erik Olin Wright , born on 9 February 1947 in Berkeley , California , received two BAs ( from Harvard College in 1968 , and from Balliol College , University of Oxford in 1970 ) , and a PhD from University of California , Berkeley , in 1976 .
W. Timothy Liu holds a M.S. ( 1974 ) and a Ph.D. ( 1978 ) in Atmospheric Sciences from the University of Washington .
The Sydney Law School of the University of Sydney offers the Sir Maurice Byers Prize for Proficiency in Constitutional Law .
Susan Milan ARCM PG , GSMD , FRCM , ( b. 3 September 1947 ) is an English professor of flute of the Royal College of Music , classical performer , recording artiste , composer , author and entrepreneur .
Carlos Granda holds a Bachelor 's degree in Mass Communications and Broadcast Journalism from the University of South Florida .
Jobst Brandt studied mechanical engineering at Stanford University , graduating in 1958 .
Joseph Ponsetto ( March 29 , 1926 -- November 24 , 2004 ) was an American football player who was the starting quarterback for the University of Michigan Wolverines football teams of 1944 and 1945 .
Jane Blankenship won high science honors while at Oak Ridge High School before graduating in June 1958 from the University of Tennessee , Knoxville with a B.S. in chemistry .
Karlyn Kohrs Campbell is an American academic specializing in rhetorical criticism at the University of Minnesota .
Oh Man - seok graduated from the School of Drama at Korea National University of Arts with a BFA in Acting .
Herb Jackson ( born 1945 ) is an artist and is the William H. Williamson Professor of Art at Davidson College .
Henry Rapoport obtained a B.S. in chemistry in 1940 , an M.S. in chemistry in 1941 , and a Ph.D. in organic chemistry in 1943 , each from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Sophie Morel studied in Paris at the École Normale Supérieure .
Wolfe Perry ( born Lieutenant Wolfe Perry , Jr. ; 22 January 1957 ) is an African American actor and former college basketball player at Stanford University .
Born in Barnton , Edinburgh , Thea Musgrave was educated at Moreton Hall School , a boarding independent school for girls near the market town of Oswestry in Shropshire , followed by the University of Edinburgh , and in Paris as a pupil of Nadia Boulanger 1950 - 54 .
Lt Gen Rajan Bakhshi completed his school education at St. Xavier 's School , Delhi and thereafter attended the elite Shri Ram College of Commerce , Delhi University .
After having studied at the Lycée Janson de Sailly in Paris , Luc Oursel graduated from the École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris as a mining engineer .
Michael T. Benson earned his Bachelor 's Degree Cum Laude from Brigham Young University , and then went on to earn a Doctorate in Modern Middle Eastern History from St Antony 's College , Oxford .
In 2009 , Julia Leigh was awarded a PhD in English from the University of Adelaide .
Eloise Quiñones Keber is Professor of Art History at Baruch College and the CUNY Graduate Center , where she specializes in Pre - Columbian and early colonial Latin American art . She earned her Ph . D from Columbia University in 1984 .
Born February 16 , 1942 in Malden , Massachusetts , Thomas H. Fallon attended the Immaculate Conception Parish School and Malden Catholic High School .
Robert Kane Pappas was born in New York City and has worked at Georgetown University and New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts .
Allison Titus received her B.A. at the University of Mary Washington , an M.F.A in fiction from Virginia Commonwealth University in 2003 and her M.F.A. in poetry from Vermont College in 2005 .
Ernest Higa graduated from Columbia University , and founded the first branch in Ebisu in September 1984 .
The Chuck Cabot Orchestra launched in 1937 after Cabot finished studies at the University of Southern California .
Mark Dziersk was born in Detroit , Michigan and graduated from the University of Michigan in 1981 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design .
Terence E. Carroll earned his B.A. in history from Wayne State University and an M.A. in history from Columbia University .
Brian Capron , born 11 February 1947 at Eye in Suffolk , is a British actor , who trained at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art ( LAMDA ) .
Robert Jervis holds a B.A. from Oberlin College ( 1962 ) and a Ph.D. from the University of California , Berkeley ( 1968 ) .
A son of the coal - operating Beurys for whom Beury , W. Va. , is named , Charles Ezra Beury graduated from Princeton University in 1903 .
The E. K. Hunt Chair ( i.e. , Professorship ) of Anatomy at Yale University is named after Ebenezer Kingsbury Hunt .
Marisa Carrasco , a professor of psychology and neural science at New York University , uses human psychophysics , neuroimaging , and computational modeling to investigate the relation between the psychological and neural mechanisms involved in visual perception and attention .
Carlos Canseco graduated from the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) with a doctorate in medicine and specialized in allergology at the Northwestern University and in clinic immunology at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania , United States .
Born in Detroit , Michigan , Quincy Watts attended the University of Southern California where he excelled not only as an athlete but also as a wide receiver on the college football team .
Thomas M. Montgomery was born in Indianapolis , Indiana on January 23 , 1941 and earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Slavic Languages and Literature from Indiana University in 1963 , when he was also commissioned a second lieutenant of Armor .
Frodsham Hodson ( 1770 - -1822 ) was an English churchman and academic , the Principal of Brasenose College , Oxford from 1809 .
Marvin Graves ( born February 7 , 1971 ) is a former quarterback in the Canadian Football League as well as one of the top signal - callers in the history of Syracuse University .
Jacqueline Diffring began her artistic studies as a 17-year - old at the Reimann School in Berlin .
Kelvin Hopkins was born in Leicester , the son of physicist Harold Hopkins FRS , and was educated at the Queen Elizabeth 's Grammar School for Boys , Barnet , North London and the University of Nottingham where he was awarded a BA degree in Politics , Economics and Mathematics with Statistics .
( 1726 - -1798 ) , divine , eldest son of William Holwell , esq . , of Exeter , and Ann Blackall , daughter of Ofspring Blackall , was born in 1726 , matriculated at Christ Church , Oxford , in December 1741 , and graduated B.A. in 1745 , M.A. in 1748 , and B.D. in 1760 .
Dr. Nicholas Tate is a historian who was educated at Balliol College , University of Oxford , and at the universities of Bristol and Liverpool and until July 2011 was the Director - General of the International School of Geneva , Switzerland .
Brigadier General Raden Panji Nugroho Notosusanto ( 15 July 1930 -- 3 June 1985 ) was an Indonesian short story writer turned military historian who served as professor of history at the University of Indonesia .
Belle Case La Follette returned to the University of Wisconsin Law School and became the school 's first woman graduate in 1885 .
Margaret Mills ( born November 9 , 1946 ) is a folklorist and Professor emerita of the Department of Near East Languages and Cultures at Ohio State University .
William Yancy Bell ( or William Yancey Bell ) ( February 23 , 1887 -- April 10 , 1962 ) received a Ph . D. from Yale University in 1924 was a sometime follower of Marcus Garvey and became a Bishop of the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church in 1933 ( ? )
Sarah Thomason received a B.A. in German from Stanford University in 1961 .
Oliver Edmunds Glenn ( October 3 , 1878 -- ? ) was a mathematician at the University of Pennsylvania who worked on finite groups and invariant theory .
In 1985 , guitarist Julia Cafritz and fellow Brown University classmate , Jon Spencer on vocals and guitar , and John Hammill on drums , formed the punk noise band Pussy Galore .
Karen Sillas was born in Brooklyn and graduated from the Acting Conservatory of the State University of New York at Purchase ( SUNY Purchase ) .
Major - General Roger Eustace Le Fleming C.B. , O.B.E , M.C. ( 1895 - -1962 ) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II . He was commissioned onto the Unattached List of Indian Army in August 1914 from the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
Born in Montreal , the son of John Smythe Hall , a lumber merchant , and Emma Brigham , he attended Bishop 's College School in Lennoxville , Quebec and received a Bachelor of Law degree from McGill University in 1875 .
Charles Abercrombie Smith was born on 12 May 1834 in St Cyrus , Kincardineshire , Scotland , and studied physics and mathematics at the University of Glasgow .
Michael Checkland was educated at the state grammar school King Edward VI Five Ways in Birmingham , and Wadham College , Oxford , of which he was appointed an Honorary Fellow in 1989 .
Ita David Ikpeme obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of London .
Yalçın Granit , whose father died when he was a child , entered Darüşşafaka High School , an instituiton for orphans only , in the sixth grade .
Dmitry Gudkov received a degree in journalism from Moscow State University in 2001 .
Born in Lithuania , Bernard Lown emigrated to Lewiston , Maine , in the United States at age 13 , shortly before the outbreak of World War II . Lown graduated summa cum laude from the University of Maine and received an M.D. from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1945 .
Vasile Botnaru have graduated from the Faculty of Journalism of Lomonosov Moscow State University .
James McGill was educated at the University of Glasgow , and soon afterwards left for North America to explore the business opportunities there .
Katherine Albrecht holds a Doctor of Education degree from Harvard University .
Born to John Hamilton , a lawyer and politician , and Gwen , a librarian , Lyn Hamilton grew up in Etobicoke , Ontario and was educated at the University of Toronto .
Sally Baldwin ( 4 November 1940 -- 28 October 2003 ) was a former University of York social sciences professor , who was killed by an automatic escalator .
John Seddon earned a BSc ( Hons ) in Psychology with the University of Wales in 1974 , and graduated with a MSc in occupational psychology from the University of London in 1977 .
Cressida Dick is the third and youngest child of Cecilia Dick ( née Buxton ) , an Oxford historian , and Marcus William Dick , Senior Tutor at Balliol College , Oxford and Professor of Philosophy at the University of East Anglia .
Enuga Sreenivasulu Reddy ( born July 1 , 1924 in Pallaprolu , Andhra Pradesh , India ) and moved to the United States to study at New York University .
Melvyn Rubenfire is a cardiologist in the University of Michigan Health System , as well as a professor in the department of internal medicine .
James Grier Miller ( 1916 -- 7 November 2002 , California ) was an American biologist , a pioneer of systems science , who originated the modern use of the term `` behavioral science '' , founded and directed the multi - disciplinary Mental Health Research Institute at the University of Michigan , and originated the living systems theory .
Constance Beresford - Howe was born in 1922 in Montreal and graduated from McGill University with an BA and MA , and from Brown University , where she completed a Ph.D. in 1950 .
Alan Manning is a Professor of labour economics at the London School of Economics .
Louis René Beres is a professor of Political Science at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana .
Stephen Guest , Barrister ( Inner Temple ) and Barrister and Solicitor ( N.Z High Court ) , is the Professor of Legal Philosophy at the University College London Faculty of Laws .
Radhabinod Pal ( 27 January 1886 -- 10 January 1967 ) was an Indian jurist , who was a member of the United Nations ' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1966 .
Keith W. Perkins was a professor of Church History and Doctrine at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Daniel F. Spulber is the Elinor Hobbs Distinguished Professor of International Business and professor of strategy at the Kellogg School of Management ( Northwestern University ) , where he has taught since 1990 .
A native of Sheridan , Michigan , Benjamin Franklin Bailey studied electrical engineering at the University of Michigan and later held the positions of chief engineer of the Fairbanks Morse Electrical Manufacturing Company and Howell Electrical Motor Company , director of Bailey Electrical Company , and vice - president and director of the Fremont Motor Corporation .
Jean - Baptiste André Guillot ( 9 December 1827 -- 6 September 1893 ) was a nurseryman and rose hybridizer in Lyon , France , son of nurseryman and rose hybridizer Jean - Baptiste Guillot ( 10 December 1803 -- 18 April 1882 ) .
William VII of Jülich , 1st Duke of Berg ( c. 1348 -- 25 June 1408 ) was born in Jülich , as the son of Gerhard VI of Jülich , Count of Berg and Ravensberg , and Margaret , daughter and heiress of Otto IV , Count of Ravensberg , and Margaret of Berg .
Huáscar Inca ( Quechua : Waskar Inka , of uncertain meaning , said to be related to his birthplace Huascarpata ; 1503 - -1532 ) was Sapa Inca of the Inca Empire from 1527 to 1532 AD , succeeding his father Huayna Capac and brother Ninan Cuyochi , both of whom died of smallpox while campaigning near Quito .
Johannes Wiedewelt ( 1 July 1731 -- 17 December 1802 ) , Danish neoclassical sculptor , was born in Copenhagen to royal sculptor to the Danish Court , Just Wiedewelt , and his wife Birgitte Lauridsdatter .
Speciosa was sired by Danehill Dancer , a stallion whose progeny have won ( as of 2012 ) , more than 700 races and more than £ 13 m in prize money .
Philip Niarchos ( alternately : Philippos or Philippe ; Greek : Φίλιππος Νιάρχος ) ( born 1954 ) is a Greek billionaire , the eldest son of the Greek shipping magnate Stavros Niarchos and Eugenia Livanos , herself the elder daughter of Stavros Niarchos ' rival Stavros G. Livanos .
In Greek mythology , Coön ( Κόων , gen . Κόωνος ) , also known as Cynon ( Κύνων ) , was the eldest son of Antenor who , like most of his brothers , fought and fell in the Trojan War .
Tom Rolfe was one of the best American sons of the undefeated Italian champion Ribot .
Bimelech was the last colt sired by Bradley 's major stallion , Black Toney , and was a full brother to Black Helen , the 1935 champion three - year - old filly .
Ecdicius Avitus ( c. 420 -- after 475 ) was a Gallo - Roman aristocrat , senator , and magister militum praesentalis from 474 until 475 .
In Greek mythology , Eurysthenes ( Greek : Εὐρυσθένης , `` widely ruling '' ) was one of the Heracleidae , a great - great - great - grandson of Heracles , and a son of Aristodemus and Argia .
Amandil was a Lord of Andúnië , succeeding his father Númendil upon his death .
Umar I ibn Muhammad al - Amin ( Arabic : اولعمر ابن محمد لرشيد‎ ) or Umar of Borno ( died 1881 ) was Shehu ( Sheik ) of the Kanem - Bornu Empire and son of Muhammad al - Amin al - Kanemi .
William Cavendish , 2nd Duke of Devonshire KG , PC ( 1672 -- 4 June 1729 ) was a British nobleman and politician , the eldest son of William Cavendish , 1st Duke of Devonshire and Lady Mary Butler .
Eleanor de Montfort , Princess of Wales and Lady of Snowdon ( 1252 -- 19 June 1282 ) was a daughter of Simon de Montfort , 6th Earl of Leicester and Eleanor of England .
Born in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , to Napoléon Bourassa and Azélie Papineau ( Bourassa ) , Henri Bourassa was a grandson of the pro - democracy reformist politician Louis - Joseph Papineau .
Almodad ( Hebrew : אַלְמוֹדָ֖ד‎ ' ' Almōḏāḏ ) was a descendant of Noah and the first named son of Joktan in Genesis 10:26 and 1 Chronicles 1:20 .
His father , Tao Dawei ( David Tao Sr . ) ( 28 September 1942 - 12 September 2012 ) , was an actor / singer / composer / TV Host and his mother , Wang Furong ( Catherine ) , a Chinese opera singer .
Andrew Dudley was one of three sons of Edmund Dudley , a councillor of King Henry VII , and his second wife Elizabeth Grey , daughter of Edward Grey , 4th Viscount Lisle .
James Hazen Hyde ( June 6 , 1876 - -July 26 , 1959 ) was the son of Henry Baldwin Hyde , the founder of The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States .
Homer and Hesiod suggest that Poseidon became lord of the sea following the defeat of his father Kronos , when the world was divided by lot among his three sons ;
Aristophon was the son and pupil of the elder Aglaophon , and brother of Polygnotus .
Wu Geng ( Chinese : 武庚 , Wǔ Gēng ) was an ancient Chinese noble , who was the son of King Zhou of Shang , the last king of the Shang dynasty .
The son of prominent Jewish community activists , Ben Zion Hyman and Fannie Konstantynowski ( a descendant of Rabbi Shabbatai ha - Kohen ) , Gurion Hyman graduated from the Pharmacy program at the University of Toronto in 1946 .
Apollocrates ( Greek : Ἀπολλοκράτης ) was the son of Dionysius II of Syracuse .
Jörgen Lehmann was son of Edvard Lehmann , professor of History of Religions at Lund University and grandnephew of the Danish politician Orla Lehmann .
Her father is John Kennedy who would later feature alongside his daughter as her pianist on The Lucy Kennedy Show .
Agis IV ( Greek : Ἄγις ; c. 265 BC -- 241 BC ) , the elder son of Eudamidas II , was the 25th king of the Eurypontid dynasty of Sparta .
Gallienus ( /ˌɡæliˈiːnəs/ ; Latin : Publius Licinius Egnatius Gallienus Augustus ; c. 218 -- 268 ) was Roman Emperor with his father Valerian from 253 to 260 and alone from 260 to 268 .
Luiz Gonzaga do Nascimento , Jr. ( September 22 , 1945 - April 29 , 1991 ) , better known as Gonzaguinha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɡõzaˈɡiɲɐ ) ) , in Portuguese Little Gonzaga , was a noted Brazilian singer and composer .
Carl Jesper Benzelius ( 16 January 1714 , Uppsala -- 2 January 1793 ) was a theologian , professor , bishop of the Diocese of Strängnäs from 1776 to 1793 , and a son to archbishop Erik Benzelius the younger .
Lucia of Rügen ( died February 12 between 1208 and 1231 ) , was the daughter of Jaromar I , Prince of Rügen and his wife Hildegard , daughter of Canute V of Denmark and Helena of Sweden .
Anawrahta was born Min Saw ( မင်းစော , IPA : ( mɪ́ɴ sɔ́ ) ) to King Kunhsaw Kyaunghpyu and Queen Myauk Pyinthe on 11 May 1044 .
Jacques Majorelle ( March 7 , 1886 - October 14 , 1962 ) , son of the celebrated Art Nouveau furniture designer Louis Majorelle , was a French painter .
Eric Eisner is the son of Disney magnate Michael Eisner and a producer .
Charles d'Albert d'Ailly ( 1625 -- 4 September 1698 ) , third son of Honoré d'Albert , was a French general and diplomat .
Roger de Beaumont , 2nd Earl of Warwick ( 1102 -- 12 June 1153 ) was the elder son of Henry de Beaumont , 1st Earl of Warwick and Marguerite , daughter of Geoffrey II of Perche and Beatrix of Montdidier .
Born in Tokyo when Chiang Kai - shek and the KMT were exiled to Japan by the Beiyang Government , Chiang Wei - kuo has long been speculated to be an offspring of Tai Chi - tao and a Japanese woman , Shigematsu Kaneko ( 重松金子 ) .
Bred by Federico Tesio , who also bred Ribot , Nearco was sired by Pharos out of Nogara by Havresac II . Nogara was a good racemare and bred eight good winners from her eight foals , including Niccolo Dell'Arca and Nakamuro .
Both Sekhemre - Wepmaat Intef and Nubkheperre Intef were sons of a king called Sobekemsaf , most probably Sekhemre Shedtawy Sobekemsaf ( Sobekemsaf II today , not I ) based on an inscription from a doorjamb from a 17th Dynasty temple at Gebel Antef .
Sir Matthew Browne ( 1563 -- 1 August 1603 ) of Betchworth Castle , Surrey , MP , was the only son of Sir Thomas Browne and Mabel Fitzwilliam .
Pour Moi a bay horse with a white blaze who stands 15.3 hands high was bred in Ireland by Lynch Bages Ltd. Pour Moi is one of many top - class middle - distance horses and stayers sired by Montjeu .
Princess Carolina of Orange - Nassau , Princess of Nassau - Weilburg ( Wilhelmine Carolina ; 28 February 1743 , Leeuwarden -- 6 May 1787 , Kirchheimbolanden ) was the daughter of William IV , Prince of Orange , Stadtholder of the Netherlands , and Anne , Princess Royal .
Grand Duke Michael Nikolaevich of Russia ( 25 October 1832 -- 18 December 1909 ) was the fourth son and seventh child of Tsar Nicholas I of Russia and Charlotte of Prussia .
Henry Willoughby , 5th Baron Middleton ( 19 December 1726 -- 14 June 1800 ) was an English nobleman , the son of Hon . Thomas Willoughby .
James Cosmo was born in Clydebank , Scotland and attended Hartfield primary school in Dumbarton , the son of actor James Copeland .
Born into the boyar family of the Craioveşti ( his reign marks the climax of the family 's political influence ) as the son of Pârvu Craiovescu or Basarab Ţepeluş cel Tânăr , Neagoe Basarab , who replaced Vlad cel Tânăr after the latter rejected Craioveşti tutelage , was noted for his abilities and competence .
Augustin Paus was a son of the theologian Bernhard Pauss and Anna Henriette Wegner , and was a grandson of the industrialist Benjamin Wegner and Henriette Seyler ( whose family owned Berenberg Bank ) .
Ludovico Ludovisi was born in Bologna , then part of the Papal States , the son of Orazio Ludovisi and Lavinia Albergati .
Jigme Singye Wangchuck was born at Dechencholing Palace , Thimphu on 11 November 1955 , to King Jigme Dorji Wangchuck and Queen Ashi Kesang Choden Wangchuck .
Cristina Stenbeck was born in New York as the eldest daughter of Jan Stenbeck , a Swedish industrialist and entrepreneur , and her American mother , Merrill McLeod .
Faisal Kutty immigrated to Canada in the mid-1970s with his parents , Shaikh Ahmad Kutty and mother Zenya Kutty , a homemaker from India .
Bhupinder Singh Hooda was born to Ranbir Singh Hooda and Har Devi Hooda at the Sanghi village in Rohtak district of Haryana in a Hindu Jat family .
Born in Turin as the son of Baron General Henri Simon , who forbade his son 's use of his surname in an artistic career , Joseph - Philippe Simon began as an actor under the pseudonym Lockroy at the Odéon - Théâtre de l'Europe and the Comédie - Française in Paris before devoting himself entirely to writing .
Robert D. Ziff ( born 1967 ) is an American billionaire and the middle son of publishing magnate William Bernard Ziff , Jr. He and his two brothers inherited the family fortune in 1994 .
Abrocomes ( Greek : Ὰβροκόμης ) was a son of king Darius I of Persia and his wife Phratagune , who died with his full brother Hyperanthes in the battle of Thermopylae , while fighting over the body of Leonidas .
Tom Paris is the son of Starfleet Admiral Owen Paris and a scion of a family with a long history of illustrious service in Starfleet .
Ina Coolbrith was born Josephine Donna Smith in Nauvoo , Illinois , the last of three daughters of Agnes Moulton Coolbrith and Don Carlos Smith , brother to Joseph Smith Coolbrith 's father died of malarial fever four months after her birth , and a sister died one month after that ;
Shulgi was the son of Ur - Nammu king of Ur -- according to one later text ( CM 48 ) , by a daughter of the former king Utu - hengal of Uruk -- and was a member of the Third dynasty of Ur .
Reams of Verse was sired by the disqualified 2000 Guineas winner Nureyev out of the Roberto mare Modena .
Yin Yin Nwe 's father is Sao Saimong Mangrai , a member of the princely Kengtung State and a highly regarded scholar on Shan State and the Head of the Shan State Education Department during the post - Independence years .
Giacomo Scarpelli ( born 23 May 1956 ) , son of Furio Scarpelli , is an Italian scholar in History of Philosophy and screenwriter .
Anne of Ostfriesland ( Aurich , June 26 , 1562 -- Neuhaus upon Elbe , April 21 , 1621 ) was the eldest daughter of Edzard II , Count of East Frisia and his wife , Katarina Vasa , daughter of Gustav I of Sweden .
Saint Niels of Aarhus or Niels the Holy ( Danish : Niels den Hellige ; before 1157 - 1180 ) ; was an illegitimate son of King Canute V of Denmark and brother of Bishop Valdemar of Schleswig .
Jiří Mucha ( March 12 , 1915 in Prague -- April 5 , 1991 in Prague ) was a Czech journalist , writer , screenwriter , author of autobiographical novels and studies of the works of his father , the Art Nouveau painter Alphonse Mucha .
Bred by Lillie F. Webb 's Xalapa Farm near Paris , Kentucky , Suave Dancer was sired by Green Dancer out of the mare Suavite , both American thoroughbreds .
Bilichild was a daughter of King Sigebert III and Queen Chimnechild of Burgundy and granddaughter of King Dagobert I and his concubine Ragnétrude .
Sir James Hales ( c. 1500 - -1554 ) , English judge , was the son of John Hales ( 1469/70 - -1540 ? ) , Baron of the Exchequer .
Snurge was sired by the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner Ela - Mana - Mou out of the French - bred mare Finlandia .
Pierre Cérésole was born in Lausanne on 17 August 1879 , the son of Paul Cérésole , a member of the Swiss Federal Council and a President of the Swiss Confederation .
Marko Ahtisaari is the son of Martti Ahtisaari , a former UN diplomat , President of Finland .
Bewitch ( 1945 - -1959 ) was a Thoroughbred race horse born in 1945 at Calumet Farm , Kentucky , United States in the same crop in which the stallion Bull Lea produced Citation and Coaltown .
Massimo D'Alema was born in Rome on 20 April 1949 , the son of Giuseppe D'Alema , a communist politician .
A son of renowned Croatian actor Boris Dvornik , Dino Dvornik was born in Split , Croatia .
Ammuna was the son of the King Zidanta I and grandson of Hantili I. He killed his father to become a king and had a large family .
Founded in 1608 by Samuel de Champlain , Quebec City is one of the oldest cities in North America .
Le Théâtre du Soleil ( lit . `` The Theater of the Sun '' ) is a Parisian avant - garde stage ensemble founded by Ariane Mnouchkine , Philippe Léotard and fellow students of the L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq in 1964 as a collective of theatre artists .
Cantab Capital Partners is a hedge fund based in Cambridge , England , co - founded by Dr. Ewan Kirk and Erich Schlaikjer .
The Centre for Social Justice ( CSJ ) is a think tank co - founded in 2004 by Iain Duncan Smith and Tim Montgomerie .
Thales Alenia Space is a Franco - Italian aerospace manufacturer formed after the Thales Group bought the participation of Alcatel in the two joint - ventures between Alcatel and Finmeccanica , Alcatel Alenia Space and Telespazio .
The Yiddish Book Center was founded in 1980 by Aaron Lansky , then a twenty - four - year - old graduate student of Yiddish literature ( and now the Center 's president ) .
A voluntary , non - political civic organization , without restriction to membership , Junák was founded in 1911 by Antonín Benjamin Svojsík , who , after visiting British Scouts , wanted to establish a similar movement in his homeland .
National Missing Children 's Day has been commemorated in the United States on May 25 , since 1983 , when it was first proclaimed by President Ronald Reagan .
The Wells Harbour Railway was established in 1976 by Roy Francis .
Shearson , Hammill & Co. was a Wall Street brokerage and investment banking firm founded in 1902 by Edward Shearson and Caleb Wild Hammill .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is an international non - profit digital rights group based in San Francisco in the United States .
In October 2003 , German subsidiary PrivatAir Germany GmbH , Düsseldorf , gained JAR -- 145 approval from the German civil aviation authority , giving the company more autonomy and flexibility within the framework of its operations on behalf of Lufthansa and Airbus .
Nye Kystlink AS , trading as kystlink , was a Norwegian ferry shipping company that operates between Langesund in Norway and Strömstad , Sweden and Hirtshals , Denmark .
The Whaleman Foundation is a non - profit , marine conservation organization based in Lahaina , Hawaii in the United States .
EarthLink is an IT services , network and communications provider headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia .
Changjiang Securities Company Limited ( SZSE : 000783 ) is a securities company headquartered in Wuhan , Hubei , China .
MDS America , Inc ( MDSA ) is a wireless Internet and wireless cable TV technology provider based in Stuart , Florida .
Arts Commons ( Formerly EPCOR CENTRE for the Performing Arts ) is a multi - venue arts centre in downtown Calgary , Alberta , Canada , located in the Olympic Plaza Cultural District .
99 Cents Only Stores is an American price - point retailer chain based in Commerce , California .
The Ateliers Clérissy were pottery factories specializing in faience operated by members of the Clérissy family in Moustiers - Sainte - Marie in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence , in Marseille , France and elsewhere .
Orange Record Label was a Canadian independent record label , located in Toronto , Ontario .
Södra Skogsägarna , trading as Södra , is a forestry cooperative based in Växjö , Sweden .
Ableton AG is a Berlin - based music software company that produces and distributes the production and performance program Ableton Live and a collection of related instruments and sample libraries , as well as their own software controller Ableton Push .
MindGeek is a global IT company active in content delivery , streaming media , and online advertising , the company is a privately held conglomerate which is headquartered in Luxembourg City with offices in Dublin , Hamburg , London , Los Angeles , Miami , Montreal , and Nicosia .
David 's Supermarkets ( often shortened to David 's ) was an independently owned supermarket chain headquartered in Grandview , Texas , United States .
Granite Horizon is an American Limited Liability Company with headquarters in Elk Grove , California , USA .
Woodman 's Markets is an employee - owned U.S. regional supermarket chain based out of Janesville , WI .
One Hundred Years of Film Co. Ltd. ( Chinese : 一百年電影有限公司 ) is a Hong Kong film production company .
Ford Motor Credit Company LLC , d / b / a Ford Credit , is the financial services arm of Ford Motor Company , and is headquartered in Dearborn , Michigan .
The first Fitness First club was opened in 1993 in Bournemouth as a squash club by British investor Sir Tony Beer .
HomeInsurance.com 's history can be traced back to 1992 , when CEO Carlos Lagomarsino opened an insurance agency in Wilmington , NC .
Headquartered in Basel , Switzerland , the Straumann Group ( ) acts in implant and restorative dentistry and oral tissue regeneration .
After leaving the Roosevelt administration , Col . Johnson opened the Washington D.C. office of Steptoe & Johnson in 1945 .
Jinjiang International ( Group ) Company Limited ( 锦江国际(集团)有限公司 ) is a Shanghai - based state - owned enterprise of the People 's Republic of China and one of the largest tourism enterprises in China .
Solel Solar Systems Ltd. ( Hebrew : סולל‎ ) was an Israeli solar thermal equipment designer and manufacturer based in Beit Shemesh , Israel .
Yesmail Interactive , an infogroup company , is an email marketing solutions provider headquartered in Portland , Oregon and has offices in San Francisco , Los Angeles , New York , Chicago , Boston , Atlanta , Omaha , Toronto , London and Singapore .
Ingredion Incorporated ( formerly Corn Products International , Inc ) is an ingredient provider based in Westchester , Illinois .
Mobay Chemical Corporation , based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was a joint venture of Monsanto Company and Bayer to market polyurethanes in the United States .
Fortune Hi - Tech Marketing ( FHTM ) was a Lexington , Kentucky based company which used multi - level marketing to sell consumer goods and services .
Based in The Hague , Netherlands , Cartoon Movement receives between 60 and 100 cartoons each day from over 220 freelance cartoonists in over 80 countries .
Argos Energies is an independent oil company with headquarters in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
Civil Forum participated in 2000 elections nominating its President Vladimir Novosiad at the Kupalauski constituency in Minsk .
Kentucky Fried Chicken ( KFC ) is a fast food restaurant chain that specializes in fried chicken and is headquartered in Louisville , Kentucky , in the United States .
Cloud Cruiser has offices in Roseville , California , San Jose , California , and the Netherlands .
Spectrum HoloByte was founded in Boulder , Colorado but subsequently moved to Alameda , California .
American Biotech Labs , LLC . is a privately held silver nanotechnology company that is based in Alpine , Utah .
Based in Campbell , California in 2013 , Panzura provides cloud storage and data protection through specialized cloud storage controllers .
Tasly ( Chinese : 天士力控股集团 ; pinyin : Tiānshìlì Kònggǔ Jítuán ) is a Chinese pharmaceutical company based in the city of Tianjin .
The Polyclinic , located in Seattle , Washington , is one of the largest multi - specialty clinics in the Puget Sound area , with 14 locations and 200 primary care and specialty physicians in most areas of medicine .
The US warehouse and distribution center , aka Maisto International , Inc , is located in Fontana , California .
In 1986 Maxol acquired Ola , operator of an oil terminal at Drogheda , north of Dublin .
The Prysmian Group is an Italian multinational corporation headquartered in Milan that manufactures electric power transmission and telecommunications cables and systems .
Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited ( HPCL ) ( BSE : 500104 , NSE : HINDPETRO ) is an Indian state - owned oil and natural gas company with its headquarters at Mumbai , Maharashtra and with Navratna status .
The Austrian Mint ( German : Münze Österreich ) is located in Vienna and is responsible for minting Austrian coins .
Sichuan Changhong Electric Co. , Ltd. ( Changhong ) , ( Chinese : 四川长虹电器股份有限公司 Sìchuān chánghóng diànqì gǔfèn yǒuxiàn gōngsī ) is a consumer electronics company based in Mianyang , China , and founded in 1958 .
SQS Software Quality Systems AG is a consultancy company based in Cologne , Germany .
Assuranceforeningen Skuld is an international mutual marine insurance company based in Oslo , Norway that specializes in protection and indemnity insurance .
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited ( BHEL ) , owned by the Government of India , is a power plant equipment manufacturer and operates as an engineering and manufacturing company based in New Delhi , India .
The Bavarian State Library ( German : Bayerische Staatsbibliothek , abbreviated BSB ) in Munich is the central `` Landesbibliothek '' , i. e. the state library of the Free State of Bavaria and one of Europe 's most important universal libraries .
Lobal Orning was a record and book store located in the mountains north of the Pacific Coast Highway in the small community of Topanga , California .
Endo and Paladin Labs came together under Endo International plc and Endo established new global headquarters in Dublin , Ireland .
APM Terminals is an international container terminal operating company headquartered in The Hague , Netherlands .
Aldila , Inc. is a sports equipment manufacturing company based in Poway , California , United States .
DayStar Technologies , Inc. is a publicly traded solar energy company located in Santa Clara , California .
Butlers Chocolates is an Irish chocolate producer and operates from a custom built production facility in North Dublin .
Until 31 January 2011 KRBS stood for Kent Reliance Building Society , which was created in 1986 and incorporated Chatham Reliance ( established 1898 ) , Dover District ( established 1861 ) , Herne Bay ( established 1888 ) and Kent and Canterbury ( established 1847 ) .
Aluminerie Alouette is an aluminum manufacturing company based in Sept - Îles , Quebec , Canada , on the North Shore of the Gulf of St. Lawrence .
Guangdong Investment Limited was established and listed in Hong Kong in 1973 .
Kelvin Diesels is a manufacturer of marine diesel engines based in Glasgow , Scotland .
American Logic Machines is a privately held embedded computing solutions provider based in San Jose , California in the United States .
The 184th Intelligence Wing ( 184 IW ) is a unit of the Kansas Air National Guard , stationed at McConnell Air Force Base , Wichita , Kansas .
The Maudslay Motor Company was a British vehicle maker based in Coventry .
Panellinios G.S. ( Greek : Πανελλήνιος Γ.Σ. ) , full name , Panellinios Gymnastikos Syllogos ( Greek : Πανελλήνιος Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος ) , is a Greek multi - sport club that is located in Athens and was founded in 1891 .
Poudreries Réunies de Belgique SA ( or PRB ) was one of Belgium 's oldest and largest manufacturers of munitions , once the second - largest Belgium armaments manufacturer .
Following months of speculation , Livni announced the establishment of Hatnuah at a press conference in Tel Aviv on 27 November 2012 , describing it as a `` liberal , secular , and democratic party , '' with `` room for the very best of Likud '' and Labor .
Beatties was founded in 1877 and had grown from a small family drapery business in Wolverhampton to a department store with an excellent reputation for Customer Service .
The Alexandru Ioan Cuza University ( Romanian : Universitatea `` Alexandru Ioan Cuza '' ) is a public university located in Iași , Romania .
Kanungo Institute of Diabetes Specialities ( KIDS ) is a diabetes multi - speciality hospital in Bhubaneswar , India .
J. Alexander 's is a casual dining restaurant chain headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee .
Accuracy International is a specialist British firearms manufacturer based in Portsmouth , Hampshire , England , and best known for producing the Accuracy International Arctic Warfare series of precision sniper rifles .
The Şişecam Holding started its activities in the year 1935 with the first glass facility established in Paşabahçe district of Istanbul , Turkey , in line with the orders given by Atatürk towards setting up and developing the glass industry in Turkey .
Anhui Ankai Automobile Co. , Ltd. ( simplified Chinese : 安徽安凯汽车股份有限公司 ; traditional Chinese : 安徽安凱汽車股份有限公司 , trading as Ankai ( simplified Chinese : 安凯客车 ; traditional Chinese : 安凱客車 ) ) is a Chinese automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Hefei , Anhui which specialises in the production of buses and coaches .
The Talking Band is an American Off - Off - Broadway theatre company specializing in experimental theatre , based in New York City , New York .
TradeCard was headquartered in New York City , with offices in San Francisco , Amsterdam , Hong Kong , Shenzhen , Shanghai , Taipei , Seoul , Colombo and Ho Chi Minh City .
Vektor Grafix was a United Kingdom computer game development company led by John Lewis and Andy Craven .
De Tomaso Modena SpA was an Italian car - manufacturing company .
Lux - Development S.A. , better known as LuxDev , is the aid and development agency of the government of Luxembourg .
Humane Society of Huron Valley is an independent animal welfare organization located in Ann Arbor , MI .
Community Cooker Foundation is an initiative by Planning Systems Services Ltd. in Nairobi , Kenya , established in 2010 , with the goal of using the Community Cooker , a simple stove designed to turn rubbish into safe , clean and cheap energy , to transform Nairobi 's largest slum , Kibera .
Spurs Sports & Entertainment L.L.C. ( SS&E ) is a San Antonio , Texas based sports & entertainment organization .
Headquartered in Fredericksburg , VA , Marstel - Day operates 11 offices in all , including locations in California , Colorado , Maryland , Mississippi , Texas , and the United Kingdom .
Source Cable ( formerly known as Southmount Cable Limited ) is one of three main cable television service providers for the city of Hamilton , Ontario .
Breeze - Eastern Corporation is an American manufacturing company which was set up in 1926 and is now based in Whippany , New Jersey .
Arab Advisors Group is an international professional services company with headquarters in Amman , Jordan .
The Angeles Brewing and Malting Company was a brewery that operated in Port Angeles , Washington .
In 1980 , the company was acquired by Dickinson Robinson Group ( DRG ) PLC , a multi - national paper company based in Bristol and became DRG Litho Supplies , a division of DRG .
Organic , Inc. is an interactive advertising agency headquartered in San Francisco with additional offices in Troy , MI , New York , London , and Los Angeles .
Vupen Security was a French information security company founded in 2004 and based in Montpellier with a U.S. branch based in Annapolis , Maryland .
The Chiang Ching - kuo Foundation for International Scholarly Exchange ( CCKF ) ( Chinese : 蔣經國國際學術交流基金會 ) is a private , non - profit organisation located in Taipei , Taiwan , that provides support for research grants on Chinese studies in the humanities and social sciences at overseas institutions .
Institute for Research in Economics and Business Administration ( Norwegian : Samfunns- og næringslivsforskning ) or SNF is a research institute that is associated with the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration ( NHH ) in Bergen , Norway .
In 2012 the company expanded operations to Europe , establishing its headquarters in Cologne , Germany , as Ayoxxa Biosystems GmbH. The company now conducts commercialization and further research from its headquarters , led by Andreas Schmidt as CEO and Co - founder .
General Cable is a company based in Highland Heights , Kentucky , with sales offices and manufacturing facilities in several countries .
Decillionix was a company based in Sunnyvale , California which sold computer music hardware and software in the mid-1980s .
Betabrand is a retail clothing company and crowdfunding platform , based in San Francisco .
Tomos , an acronym for TOvarna MOtornih koles Sežana , Slovenian for Motorcycle Company Sežana , is a moped manufacturer based in Koper , Slovenia .
GE Honda Aero Engines LLC ( or GE Honda ) is a Cincinnati , Ohio based joint venture between GE Aviation and Honda Aero .
Light S.A. ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈlajtʃ ) ) is a private public utility company of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Mediaocean is an advertising services and software company , headquartered in New York City .
Certain Affinity is an American video game development studio based in Austin , Texas .
The Federal Motor Truck Company was an American truck manufacturer headquartered in Detroit , Michigan .
Alimera Sciences , Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company based in Alpharetta , Georgia that specializes in the research , development and commercialization of prescription ophthalmic pharmaceuticals .
Samoa Technologies ( also known as Samoa Tech or STI ) is a privately held diversified telecommunications , broadcasting and media , consulting , and aircraft leasing company located in the South Pacific and based in Pago Pago , American Samoa .
LKAB Malmtrafik , earlier Malmtrafik i Kiruna AB ( MTAB ) , is a Swedish railway company which operates the iron ore freight trains on the Iron Ore Line and the Ofoten Line .
Russian Post employs about 390,000 people and has over 42,000 post offices , with its headquarters in Moscow .
Farmec is headquartered in Cluj - Napoca , where the company hosts a variety of its factors of production .
Eley Brothers were a manufacturer of firearms cartridges at the Eley 's Cartridge Factory , located in Edmonton and bordered by the River Lee Navigation and the Great Eastern Railway at Angel Road .
Founded in October 2005 , and based in New York , ITerating was created by CEO Nicolas Vandenberghe , who saw that there was an industry need for a comprehensive resource to help evaluate software solutions .
In April 1979 Moneycorp obtained a licence from the Bank of England to operate bureaux de change in Central London .
Attock Group of Companies commonly known as Attock Group is a Pakistani multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Rawalpindi District .
ReconRobotics , Inc. is a privately owned advanced robotics company headquartered in Edina , Minnesota .
InfoInterActive is a telecommunications company based in the Canada .
In 2011 Rose was updated to ROSEGold which provides a real time service between the call - centre in Sleaford , Lincolnshire and the Interflora members around the United Kingdom .
The Börse München is a stock exchange based in Munich , Germany .
Hi - Point Firearms , also known as Beemiller ( distributed by MKS Supply ) , is an American firearms manufacturer based in Mansfield , Ohio .
The Münchner Verkehrsgesellschaft ( German for Munich Transport Company ) or MVG is a municipally owned company responsible for operating public transport in Munich , Germany .
Pashley Cycles is a bicycle , tricycle and workbike manufacturer based in Stratford - upon - Avon in Warwickshire , England .
Hülsta - Werke Hüls GmbH & Co. KG is a German furniture manufacturer with its headquarters in Stadtlohn , Germany .
Thrive Africa is a Ghanaian nonprofit registered charitable body , founded in United Kingdom in 2009 with the aim of assisting local communities across Ghana to improve living standards and educational level through a range of self - sustainable projects .
Schlecker was a German company with headquarters in Ehingen which once had a workforce of some 52,000 .
Hopson Development Holdings Limited or Hopson Development ( SEHK : 754 ) , established in Guangzhou , China in 1992 , is one of the five largest real estate private company in Guangdong Province .
A.F.S.K. Hom Tov is a spin - off of the A.F.S.K. Industries Group located in Haifa , Israel .
Soleilmoon Recordings is an American record label that began in 1987 as a cassette label , operating from the back of a record shop called the Ooze in Portland , Oregon , USA .
LSP Technologies , Inc. ( also known as LSPT ) located in Dublin , Ohio .
Sapientis is a non - profit organization based in San Juan , Puerto Rico whose mission is to improve the quality of public education as a means to reducing poverty , stimulating economic growth and enhancing the standard of living in Puerto Rico .
The Lindner Hotels & Resorts is a family - owned hotel company with headquarters in Düsseldorf .
Fredericksburg Farmers Cooperative ( FFC ) , is a full - service agricultural cooperative in central Iowa .
UrbanSitter is a San Francisco - based online service and mobile app that allows parents to search for , book , pay , review , and recommend babysitters and nannies .
Carphone Warehouse Group was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index .
Cinergy Corp. ( /ˈsɪnərdʒi/ SIN - ər - jee ) was an energy company based in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States , from 1994 to 2006 .
Parkway Pantai , Ltd. is a medical company based in Singapore and is Southeast Asia 's largest private healthcare provider , and one of the largest in Asia .
Windjammer Barefoot Cruises was a leisure cruise line based in Miami Beach , Florida .
Etherstack has been incorporated since 2006 , with its corporate headquarters in London .
BrightSource Energy , Inc. is an Oakland , California based , corporation that designs , builds , finances , and operates utility - scale solar power plants .
Hines Supply ( originally the Edward Hines Lumber Company ) , based in Buffalo Grove , Illinois , in the United States , is a business firm specializing in lumber , plywood , decking , doors , windows , trim , and other wood products .
The first Itsu store opened in Chelsea , London in 1997 .
The Marcus Corporation ( NYSE : MCS ) is a publicly held company headquartered in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
The Bank of Canada headquarters are located at the Bank of Canada Building , in the nation 's capital , Ottawa .
Renault Trucks is a French commercial truck and military vehicle manufacturer with corporate headquarters at Saint - Priest near Lyon .
Holosofx was a privately held company based in El - Segundo , California , USA , that worked in the field of Business Process Management(BPM ) .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Mississippi , Inc. ( TMMMS ) is a Toyota manufacturing facility in Blue Springs , Mississippi .
The Black Sheep Brewery is a brewery in Masham in the Borough of Harrogate in North Yorkshire , England .
The publishing house Passagen Verlag was founded in 1985 in Vienna by Peter Engelmann .
Faronics Corporation is a privately held software company with offices in Vancouver , BC , Canada , Pleasanton , CA , USA , Singapore and Bracknell , UK .
Capital & Counties Properties plc ( Capco ) is a United Kingdom - based property investment and development company which is focused on sites in the West and West End of London .
Brass Tacks Press , based in Los Angeles , has published over 50 books of poetry , prose , and comics since it was founded in 2002 by poets Robert Campbell , Pablo Capra , and Richard McDowell .
Pegasus Software is based in Kettering , England and develops accounting and financial management , supply chain , business intelligence , payroll , crm , construction and service management software applications for small and medium sized businesses .
The Kebab Turki Baba Rafi headquarters complex , Graha Baba Rafi , is located in Pondok Labu Cilandak , South Jakarta .
The Defoe Shipbuilding Company was a small ship builder established in 1905 in Bay City , Michigan , USA .
France - IX is a Paris - based Internet exchange point ( IXP ) founded in June 2010 as a membership organisation .
Tatneft ( Russian : ОАО `` Татнефть '' ; traded as : MCX : TATN , FWB : TTFB ) is a Russian vertically integrated oil and gas company with headquarters in the city of Almetyevsk , in the Republic of Tatarstan .
A Nakumatt store in Nairobi suffered a massive fire on 28 January 2009 , killing 25 people .
Finetech GmbH ( Berlin , Germany ) is a manufacturer of high - accuracy equipment for leading - edge bonding , micro assembly and rework of semiconductor components and other leading - edge devices .
Banque Zilkha S.A.L. was a Lebanese private bank , founded in 1946 , and headquartered in Beirut .
Liqui Moly GmbH was founded in 1957 in Ulm on the river Danube .
Kalem Agency is a literary agency founded 2005 in Istanbul by Nermin Mollaoğlu , Turkey .
Flybridge Capital Partners is a venture capital firm with offices in Boston and New York City focused on early - stage venture capital investments .
Monet - Goyon was a French motorcycle manufacturer , founded in 1917 by the engineer Joseph Monet and his financial backer Adrien Goyon in Mâcon , France .
The Intern Group is a provider of international internship programs in London , Hong Kong , Australia , Colombia , Madrid , and New York .
Alliant Techsystems Inc. ( ATK ) was an American aerospace , defense , and sporting goods company with its headquarters in Arlington County , Virginia , in the United States .
Sandstrom Products Company is a privately held coatings and lubricants manufacturer founded in 1946 in Port Byron , Illinois .
Elderly Instruments is a musical instrument retailer in Lansing , Michigan , United States , with a reputation as a `` megastore '' , a repair shop and a locus for folk music including bluegrass and `` twang '' .
Waggonfabrik Talbot was a rolling stock manufacturer founded in Aachen , Germany in 1838 .
The Interscholastic Hockey League ( ISHL ) is a high school sports league based in Houston , Texas , that also serves much of southeast Texas .
Scentsy is a Meridian , Idaho - based candle warmer company that was founded in Salt Lake City in 2003 .
Water is Basic is a non - profit NGO that drills clean water wells in South Sudan .
Bellway plc is a major UK residential property developer based in Newcastle upon Tyne .
After Japan went to war with China in 1937 , passenger car production was restricted , so by 1938 , Datsun 's Yokohama plant concentrated on building trucks for the Imperial Japanese Army .
The Westend Verlag publishing house was founded in January 2004 in Frankfurt am Main , by Mark J. Karsten and Michael Morganti , first as a `` one - book - publishing '' :
Nap Time is an alternative rock clothing brand based in Leeds , England .
Juniperus Capital Limited ( Juniperus Capital or JCL ) is a Bermuda - based hedge fund .
One Nevada Credit Union headquartered in Winchester , Nevada , is the largest locally based federally insured , state - charted credit union in Nevada with locations in Las Vegas , Henderson , Reno , North Las Vegas and Pahrump .
Tauras is a Lithuanian brewery , established in Vilnius in 1860 .
Spectrum Technologies PLC is a British company , based in Bridgend , Wales , which designs and manufactures specialised industrial laser systems .
MZKT ( МЗКТ or МЗКЦ , Belarusian : Мінскі завод колавых цягачоў , Minsk Wheel Tractor Plant ( MWTP ) ) is a manufacturer of heavy off - road vehicles , especially military trucks , based in Minsk , in Belarus ; it was formerly a division of MAZ .
Basilisk Games is an independent video game company based in Indianapolis , Indiana that develops video games for the Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux platforms .
Originally based in ( and named after ) Cary , North Carolina , Cary Audio Design 's facilities are now located in the nearby town of Apex .
Schuchart / Dow is a Seattle - based builder and remodeler .
Deutsche EuroShop AG is a German - based international real estate investment company headquartered in Hamburg .
MDNX is a private telecommunications company located in Bracknell and London .
Southern Star Central Gas Pipeline , Inc , headquartered in Owensboro , Kentucky , is a natural gas transmission system spanning over 6,000 miles ( 9,700 km ) in the Midwest and Mid - continent regions of the United States .
According to the memorandum , under Alcatel - Lucent management a new integrated R&D centre will be created in Moscow using Ruselectronics JSC ' Pulsar ' facilities as a base .
Hugo Stinnes Schiffahrt GmbH is a shipping company based in Rostock , Germany which specializes in container service between Germany and South Africa , and in transporting cargo between Northern Europe , the Caribbean and Mexico .
The Liquid Computing Corporation was Headquartered in Ottawa , Canada with U.S. offices .
Donatos Pizza is a pizza delivery restaurant chain headquartered in Gahanna , Ohio , a suburb of Columbus .
Airframes Unlimited was an American aircraft manufacturer founded by Don and Clint Stutts of Athens , Texas .
Sheller - Globe Corporation was a U.S. auto parts manufacturer and industrial conglomerate based in Toledo , Ohio .
The Lightning Car Company is a British sports car developer , originally based in Fulham and Peterborough , the company relocated to Coventry and is focused on the development and production of high performance electric sports cars .
Dena Bank ( Hindi : देना बैंक ) , headquartered in Mumbai , is owned by the Government of India , and as per latest data the total branch network stands at 1,773 and plans to open 404 new branches in FY 2015 - 16 The bank was founded in 1938 and the Indian government nationalized it in 1969 .
Zahner or A. Zahner Company is an architectural metal & glass company located in Kansas City , Missouri .
Atkinson Film - Arts was an animation studio based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Caesars Entertainment Corporation ( formerly Harrah 's Entertainment from 1995 to 2010 ) is a gaming corporation based in Paradise , Nevada that owns and operates over 50 casinos and hotels , and seven golf courses under several brands .
Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Co. , Ltd. ( Shanghai Maple ) is a Chinese automobile manufacturing company based in Fengjing , Shanghai , and a subsidiary of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group .
The Claxton Bakery is a confectionery company based in Claxton , Georgia .
Rocketplane Limited , Inc. is a defunct aerospace design and development company headquartered in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , with facilities in Guthrie , Oklahoma and Burns Flat , Oklahoma .
The DuBiel Arms Company was established in 1975 by Joseph T. DuBiel and Dr. John Tyson and was located in Sherman , Texas .
Albertsons Companies Inc. is an American grocery company founded and based in Boise , Idaho .
Positivo Informática is a Brazilian technology company headquartered in Curitiba .
The Swiss Film Archive ( French : Cinémathèque suisse , German : Schweizer Filmarchiv ) is a Swiss state - approved noncommercial foundation based in Lausanne .
The company began doing business as Verigy on June 1 , 2006 with its global headquarters located in Singapore .
The Lloyd Sabaudo was formed in Turin in 1906 and began passenger service in 1907 , expanding to link Italy to ports in Asia as well as North and South America .
Nova Productions Limited , also known as Nova Games Limited , was a British game distributor located in Coppull , Lancashire , England .
Natural Alternatives International ( NAI ) is an American company based in San Marcos , California which manufactures nutritional supplements such as Juice Plus .
Creation Entertainment is an American for - profit entertainment company located in Glendale , California , which produces fan conventions for fans of comic books , and various films and television series , mainly in the science fiction , horror , and fantasy genres .
Korth is a German high - end firearms manufacturer based in Lollar .
Sun Communities ( NYSE : SUI ) is a publicly traded real estate investment trust based in Southfield , MI .
The company was founded in 1949 by the Duffo family in Madrid and its successful advertising campaigns soon made of La Casera one of the leading beverage brands in the country .
Crocker National Bank was a United States bank headquartered in San Francisco , California .
The German Railway Operating Company ( German : Deutsche Eisenbahn - Betriebs - Gesellschaft ) or DEBG was a public limited company ( Aktiengesellschaft ) that was founded on 15 November 1898 in Berlin .
Miniatur Wunderland ( German for miniature wonderland ) is a model railway attraction in Hamburg , Germany , and the largest of its kind in the world , built by the twins Gerrit and Frederik Braun .
Behringer is an audio equipment company founded by Uli Behringer in 1989 , in Willich , Germany .
Founded by two brothers from Calgary , they acquired local retailers including Frenchy 's and Barottos Sports establishing Wholesale Sports as a retailer and distributor to western Canada 's sportsmen and women .
HLL Lifecare Limited ( formerly Hindustan Latex Limited ) ( HLL ) is an Indian healthcare products manufacturing company based in Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
DoubleDave 's Pizzaworks is a chain of pizza restaurants based in Austin , Texas .
Buckingham Group Contracting Ltd is a construction company located near Stowe , between Buckingham and Silverstone in north Buckinghamshire which operates throughout England and Wales .
WiLAN ( trading as Wi - LAN Inc. ) is a technology development and intellectual property licensing company with headquarters in Ottawa , Canada .
Currently , Victaulic headquarters is located in Easton , PA .
The Bon Appétit Management Company is a Palo Alto , California - based on - site restaurant company , owned by Compass Group , that provides café and catering services to corporations , colleges and universities .
Pocket Communications was a PCS CDMA 1xRTT provider of unlimited cellular phone service based in San Antonio , Texas , United States .
Diamond Alkali Company was an American chemical company incorporated in 1910 in West Virginia by a group of glass industry businessmen from Pittsburgh .
Rocheford & Gould were brick manufacturers and construction contractors in early Omaha , Nebraska .
Baskin - Robbins is the world 's largest chain of ice cream specialty shops and is based in Canton , Massachusetts .
Liberty Property Trust , based in Malvern , Pennsylvania , USA is a real estate investment trust .
CenturyTel of Ohio , Inc. is a telephone operating company owned by CenturyLink that provides local telephone service in Ohio , including Amherst , Lorain , and Vermillion .
The Flying Pigs are a musical sketch comedy team based in Aberdeen in the North - East of Scotland that has received some UK - wide coverage due to their BBC Scotland radio show ' Desperate Fishwives ' .
Hervé Chapelier ( pronounced : ( ɛʁ.ve ʃa.pǝ.lje ) ) is a French fashion accessories company based in Paris that specializes in handbags .
Tyson Foods , Inc. ( NYSE : TSN ) is an American multinational corporation based in Springdale , Arkansas , that operates in the food industry .
The group 's head office is in the Sainsbury 's Store Support Centre in Holborn Circus , City of London .
Luxor Linens , established in 2005 and headquartered in New Jersey , is an American textile company known for its textiles for hotels and households worldwide .
Altia Oyj is a Finnish state - owned corporation based in Helsinki , which produces , imports , exports and markets alcoholic beverages .
Hochtief Aktiengesellschaft is a German construction company based in Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
ASSETT , Inc. is a United States private engineering , research and development consulting firm headquartered in Manassas , Virginia .
Park Electrochemical Corp was set up on March 31 , 1954 and based in Melville , New York .
The Film Company ( TFC ) is a film production and distribution company based in Seattle , with offices in New York .
Bagley & Wright was a spinning , doubling and weaving company based in Oldham , Lancashire , England .
Cerruti is a fashion house founded in 1967 in Paris by the Italian stylist and fashion designer Nino Cerruti .
Spring Airlines ( Chinese : 春秋航空 ; pinyin : Chūnqiū Hángkōng ; abbreviated 春航 Chūn Háng ) is a low - cost carrier with its headquarters in the Homeyo Hotel ( 航友宾馆 Hángyǒu Bīnguǎn ) in Changning District , Shanghai , China .
Night Light Interactive is an American video game company founded in 2012 and based in Los Angeles , California that has developed the video game Whispering Willows .
Republic Bank & Trust Company is a Louisville , Kentucky - based bank .
China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation ( 中国石油化工股份有限公司 ) , or Sinopec Limited ( simplified Chinese : 中国石化 ; traditional Chinese : 中國石化 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Shíhuà ) , is a Chinese oil and gas company based in Beijing , China .
The company was founded in 1944 in Salvador da Bahia by Norberto Odebrecht , and is now present in South America , Central America , North America , the Caribbean , Africa , Europe and the Middle East .
NQ Mobile maintains dual headquarters in Dallas , Texas , USA and Beijing , China .
Intamin Worldwide is a designing and manufacturing company in Wollerau , Switzerland .
Zevia is a Los Angeles - based company that produces zero - calorie soft drinks sweetened with stevia and erythritol .
C. R. Bard , Inc. , now branded simply as Bard , headquartered in Murray Hill , New Jersey , USA , is a leading multinational developer , manufacturer , and marketer of medical technologies in the fields of vascular , urology , oncology , and surgical specialties .
The Tecklenborg Verlag is a publishing house based in Steinfurt , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Böhlau Verlag is a scientific book and magazine publishers , based in Vienna ( Böhlau Verlag GmbH & Co. KG ) and Cologne ( Böhlau Verlag GmbH & Cie . )
Wellpark Brewery is a brewery situated in Duke Street in the East End of Glasgow , Scotland .
Tripwire Interactive is an American game development studio and publisher based in Roswell , Georgia , formed by members of the international team that created the acclaimed Unreal Tournament 2004 mod , Red Orchestra :
Mongoose Publishing was founded in Swindon , England , in 2001 by Matthew Sprange and Alexander Fennell .
Health PEI is headquartered in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island and operates hospitals , health centres , and nursing home facilities throughout the province while providing a variety of programs and services .
Founded in 1987 in Paris , France , ILOG had its main headquarters in Gentilly , France , and Sunnyvale , California .
Loremo AG was a German automaker corporation , based in Marl .
Moonpig.com is a business based in London and Guernsey which sells personalised greeting cards .
Cyber - Duck is a full service digital agency based in Elstree , United Kingdom , specialising in providing user experience ( UX ) design , mobile web productions and software as a service ( SaaS ) solutions to companies ranging from FTSE 100 companies to startups .
Nils Oscar Brewery ( The Nils Oscar Company ) is a Swedish microbrewery and spirits company based in Nyköping .
The 3Xtrim Aircraft Factory , or Zakłady Lotnicze 3Xtrim Sp.z o.o.in Polish , is an aircraft manufacturer located in the city of Bielsko - Biała , in southern Poland .
Laing O'Rourke is a multinational construction company headquartered in Dartford , United Kingdom .
August Faller KG is a German manufacturer and system supplier of pharmaceutical secondary packaging headquartered in Waldkirch , in Baden - Württemberg .
Shwe Taung Group of Companies ( Burmese : ရွှေတောင်ကုမ္ပဏီအုပ်စု ; Shwe Taung Group ) is a Myanmar conglomerate .
Wish Farms is a produce shipping and growing company based in Plant City , Florida .
Founded in 1998 , Continuous Computing is a privately held company based in San Diego that provides telecom systems made up of telecom platforms and Trillium software , including protocol software stacks for femtocells and 4 G wireless / Long Term Evolution ( LTE ) .
Atlantic Power Corporation headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts , is a power generation and infrastructure company with a portfolio of assets in the United States and Canada .
Pan Trafikk was a Norwegian bus company operating in and around the city of Bergen .
Centre for Science and Environment ( CSE ) is a not - for - profit public interest research and advocacy organisation based in New Delhi , India .
Aero Synergie SARL , also called ULM Synergy SARL , is a French aircraft manufacturer based in Villefrancœur .
Carter 's Foods , more commonly known as Carter 's , was an employee - owned supermarket chain based in Charlotte , Michigan , United States .
The Liberty Corporation was a media corporation originally based out of Greenville , South Carolina .
Fitbit Inc. is an American company headquartered in San Francisco , California .
Thema International Fund PLC , based in Dublin , Ireland , is a Dublin - listed , Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities ( UCITS ) III - certified , open - end fund incorporated in Ireland , which was launched in December 1996 .
Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin ( French pronunciation : ​(vøv kliko pɔ̃saʁdɛ̃ ) ) is a French champagne house based in Reims , specializing in premium products .
Piperlime was an online retail company based in San Francisco , California , USA .
Dalekovod was founded in 1949 as a state owned company , and restructured as a joint stock company in 1993 and subsequently listed at the Zagreb Stock Exchange .
The full name of the bank is National Bank of Fiji trading as Colonial National Bank .
The Argosy Book Store is New York City 's oldest independent bookstore .
Qinetiq ( /kɪˈnɛtɪk/ as in kinetic ; styled as QinetiQ ) is a British multinational defence technology company headquartered in Farnborough , Hampshire , United Kingdom .
Thunder City is an aircraft operating and maintenance company based at the Cape Town International Airport in Cape Town , South Africa .
CCG Systems , Inc. or CCG ( founded by Jim Nelson and formerly known as Chesapeake Computer Group ) is a computer software and fleet services company headquartered in Norfolk , Virginia with eight regional offices spread throughout the United States .
University of Pittsburgh at Titusville , commonly referred to as Pitt - Titusville or UPT , is a two - year , Associate degree - granting , state - related university institution that is a residential , regional campus of the University of Pittsburgh located in Titusville , Pennsylvania .
Hansen , Schou & Weller was a photographic studio in Copenhagen .
Bruno 's Supermarkets , LLC was an American chain of grocery stores with its headquarters in Birmingham , Alabama .
Heritage Institute for Policy Studies ( HIPS ) is a think tank based in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Korn Ferry , headquartered in Los Angeles , is an organizational and people advisory firm and the world 's largest provider of executive search .
Bicon Dental Implants is a privately owned company located in Boston , MA .
The Wrought Iron Bridge Company was a bridge fabrication and construction company based in Canton , Ohio , United States .
Amkette is a computer hardware and electronics manufacturer headquartered in New Delhi , India .
Austral Group ( BVL : AUSTRAC1 ) is a Peruvian seafood company publicly traded on the Lima Stock Exchange .
Trashy Lingerie is a Los Angeles based custom - made lingerie store .
Westar Energy is an investor owned electric utility headquartered in Topeka , Kansas .
Türkiye Vagon Sanayi Anonim Şirketi , more commonly known as TÜVASAŞ , is a railcar manufacturer based in Adapazarı .
Frutiger AG is a construction and civil engineering company with its headquarters in the Swiss city of Thun .
Eurolines headquarters are based in Brussels .
Tombstone Records is an American record label that was founded in 1988 by Fred Cole of Dead Moon in Portland , Oregon , with his wife Toody .
Headquartered in Indianapolis , Indiana , Allison Transmission has regional offices all over the world and manufacturing facilities in Indianapolis , Indiana and Szentgotthard , Hungary .
Comix - ART , founded in 2008 with headquarters in Saint Petersburg , releases its titles in collaboration with Eksmo , another publishing house , and their books are published under `` Eksmo '' label .
The Fordham Company is a real estate development company founded in 1988 and based out of Chicago , Illinois .
Prosensa commenced operations in 2002 and is located in Leiden , The Netherlands .
Magnum Foundation is a non - profit , photographic foundation located in New York .
In 2009 , John Thomas Financial moved its offices into 14 Wall Street , where it occupied the entire 23rd floor .
Ceres Fruit Juices Pty Ltd , trading as The Ceres Beverage Company , is a beverage company based in Paarl , South Africa .
Betaworks is an American startup studio and seed stage venture capital company based in New York City that invests in network - focused , consumer - facing media businesses .
In February 2014 , the firm established its first venture capital fund , Drive Capital Fund I. Headquartered in Columbus , Ohio , the organization was founded in 2013 by Mark Kvamme and Chris Olsen , both formerly of Sequoia Capital .
Trusera was a Seattle - based social networking startup founded in 2007 by Keith Schorsch , a former Amazon.com executive .
Good360 is a 501(c)(3 ) charitable organization located in Alexandria , Virginia .
Wellfleet Communications was an Internet router company founded in 1986 by Paul Severino , Bill Seifert , Steven Willis and David Rowe based in Bedford , Massachusetts , and later Billerica , Massachusetts .
The Genesee Valley Conservancy ( GVC ) is a non - profit land trust based in Geneseo , New York , United States , that exists to protect land in the Genesee River watershed .
New College of California was a college founded in the San Francisco Bay Area in 1971 by former Gonzaga University President , Father John Leary .
As Clear Channel UK , Live Nation UK acquired the Mean Fiddler organisation and owns 51 % of Academy Music Group , giving it a stake in most major music festivals and medium - sized London music venues .
Heritage Oil is an independent Jersey - based oil and gas exploration and production company .
WebsEdge , based in London , United Kingdom , is a media and production company who specialize in online broadcasting .
In 1966 , Federal - Mogul Corporation relocated from downtown Detroit , establishing its corporate headquarters in Southfield , Michigan .
Close Brothers Group plc is a British specialist financial services group based in the City of London .
Bible in the Schools is a 501(c)(3 ) not - for - profit located in Chattanooga , Tennessee , that promotes biblical literacy in Hamilton County and other Tennessee public school districts .
Since the beginning in 2005 , Roaring 40s '' has 13 sites in operation or in planning in Australia , India , Hong Kong and mainland China .
Nik Software is a software development company established in 1995 and based in San Diego , California .
Morbidelli was an Italian motorcycle manufacturer founded by Giancarlo Morbidelli in Pesaro .
Salitage Wines ( often referred to simply as Salitage ) is an Australian winery at Pemberton , in the Pemberton wine region of Western Australia .
Hunter House Publishers is a publishing company based in Alameda , California which was established in 1978 .
Cassa di Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza S.p . A. known as Cariparma or CR Parma e Piacenza in short , is an Italian bank group , itself a subsidiary of French banking group Crédit Agricole , thus the banking group also refer as Cariparma Crédit Agricole Group .
Pizza Capers is an Australian fast food chain specializing in pizza , based in Queensland .
The Permanent Court of Arbitration ( PCA ) is an international organization based in the Peace Palace , The Hague , the Netherlands .
Prizeo is a privately owned internet company based in Los Angeles , California .
Nemotek Technologie , is a high - tech manufacturing company , established in May 2008 , based in Rabat Technopolis Park , Morocco .
Melkus was a marque of single seat racing cars and sport cars founded by the race driver Heinz Melkus in Dresden in East Germany .
ViSalus Sciences is a multilevel marketing company based in Los Angeles , California , with offices in Troy , Michigan .
Capital Teas , Inc. is an American specialty tea company , headquartered in Annapolis , MD , which primarily sells premium loose tea and tea - related products .
YYoga is a yoga and wellness company based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
LexisNexis ' world headquarters is located in Dayton , Ohio , United States .
The Garcia Cugat Foundation , based in Barcelona , is registered in the Spanish Ministry of Education and Science foundation 's register dated 20 April 2007 and created with the aim of systematizing multidisciplinary work after several years of collaboration between doctors , veterinarians and health professionals .
Frontenac House is an independent publishing house located in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Yahoo Inc. ( styled as Yahoo ! ) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Sunnyvale , California .
NBCUniversal is headquartered in Rockefeller Plaza 's Comcast Building ( formerly the GE Building ) in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
Latin Flavors is a Hispanic manufacturer of frozen foods sold throughout the United States , Latin America , and the Caribbean headquartered in unincorporated Miami - Dade County , Florida .
Luftverkehrsgesellschaft m.b . H. ( L.V.G. or LVG ) was a German aircraft manufacturer based in Berlin - Johannisthal , which began constructing aircraft in 1912 , building Farman - type aircraft .
Awareness Technologies is an American corporation headquartered in Westport , Connecticut that develops , manufactures , licenses , and sells computer monitoring and cell phone monitoring software as a service .
American Video Entertainment was a San Jose , California -- based software development company that developed unlicensed video games for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
NSW Business Chamber has eight regional advisory councils covering eight regions of NSW including Sydney North , Sydney South , Western Sydney , Central Coast , Mid North Coast , Northern Rivers , Central West Orana and Murray Riverina .
TLC ( Togetherness in Love and Care ) is held annually during the third week of June at Sunset Knoll Park in Lombard , Illinois ( TLC Camp 2009 ) .
The International Peace and Security Institute or IPSI is an international nonprofit organization with 501(c)(3 ) status and headquarters in Washington , D.C. The Institute 's objective is to train young peacebuilding and International Justice leaders in the skills needed to effectively intervene in violent conflict scenarios in pursuit of sustainable peace .
The Socialist Cooperation Party ( Arabic : حزب التعاون الاشتراكي‎ Hizb Al - Ta'awun Al - Ishtirakiy ) was a political party founded in Damascus , Syria in March 1954 ; its ideology was Islamist and Socialist .
Puckett opted to start looking for an available location in the suburbs , and the first Caribou Coffee shop was started in Edina , Minnesota , a suburb of Minneapolis , in December 1992 .
Crystal Computing , later renamed Design Design , was a British video game developer founded in 1982 by Chris Clarke and Ian Stamp while students at the University of Manchester .
Bank of Baroda is an Indian state - owned banking and financial services company headquartered in Vadodara ( earlier known as Baroda ) in Gujarat , India .
Inventive Designers is a privately owned software development company , based in Antwerp , Belgium .
Frederick & Nelson was a department store chain in the northwestern United States , based in Seattle , Washington .
Intelligent Creatures ( IC ) is a motion picture visual effects company located in Toronto , Canada .
Women 's Democratic Party ( Croatian : Demokratska stranka žena , DSŽ ) is a women 's rights political organization founded in Zagreb in 2004 .
Cascade Aerospace Inc. of Abbotsford , British Columbia , Canada is a specialty aerospace and defence contractor , focused on providing long - term integrated aircraft support programs for Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs ) , military , government and commercial customers .
Carbonated Games developers were located in Redmond , WA ;
GuideOne Insurance , is a niche market insurer based in West Des Moines , Iowa , and is one of the largest church insurers in the United States .
The GNOME Foundation is a non - profit organization based in Orinda , California , United States , coordinating the efforts in the GNOME project .
ReachLocal was founded in 2003 by Zorik Gordon , Nathan Hanks , Michael Kline , Robert Wright , and Robert `` Rick '' Spitz , with headquarters in Woodland Hills , California and operations in 13 countries worldwide .
The Freiwillige Selbstkontrolle der Filmwirtschaft ( FSK , Voluntary Self Regulation of the Movie Industry ) is a German motion picture rating system organization run by the Spitzenorganisation der Filmwirtschaft ( SPIO , Head Organisation of the Movie Industry ) based in Wiesbaden .
Corporate Magic , Inc. , based in Dallas , Texas , is an event production and message development agency that specializes in one - of - a - kind projects .
EVO Banco , S.A.U. is a Spanish bank based in Madrid .
The private brewery Gaffel Becker & Co was founded in 1908 by the Becker Brothers in Cologne .
The Republic Aviation Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Farmingdale , Long Island , New York .
The board of trustees was assembled by 2008 and the Raspberry Pi Foundation was founded as a registered charity in May 2009 in Caldecote , Cambridgeshire , UK .
Tucker Anthony was an independent investment banking and brokerage firm based in Boston , Massachusetts .
Merit Network staffs and operates the Michigan Cyber Range in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Holland Car PLC ( ኔዘርላንድ መኪና ) was an Ethiopian CKD automobile assembler with official head offices in the Getu Commercial Center and the TK International Building in Addis Ababa .
The University of Altdorf ( German : Universität Altdorf ) was a university in Altdorf bei Nürnberg , a small town outside Nuremberg .
Following this expansion , Wison Group moved into its current location at Zhangjiang Hi - tech Park in Pudong New Area , Shanghai .
ShuttleCloud has offices in Chicago and Madrid , Spain .
The Garte Valley Railway ( German : Gartetalbahn ) or Göttingen Narrow Gauge Railway ( Göttinger Kleinbahn AG ) , was a narrow - gauge rail line that served to connect the area east of the city to Göttingen , Lower Saxony , Germany , from 1897 through 1959 .
Sanoma Corporation ( Finnish : Sanoma Oyj , formerly SanomaWSOY ) is a leading media group in the Nordic countries with operations in over 10 European countries , based in Helsinki .
The Sibelius Academy ( Finnish : Sibelius - Akatemia , Swedish : Sibelius - Akademin ) is part of the University of the Arts Helsinki and a university - level music school which operates in Helsinki and Kuopio , Finland .
Shoreline Records is an independent record label originally based in Toronto , Ontario now based in Kingsville , Ontario , Canada .
Glik 's is an American retail clothing chain based in Granite City , Illinois .
Kaipan is a small Czech vehicle manufacturer in Smržovka focused on producing roadsters .
GoGet CarShare is a car sharing service operating in Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane and Adelaide , and the first such program in Australia .
A Better World ( ABW ) is an organization that is based in Lacombe , Alberta , Canada .
DirectBuy is a membership buying service headquartered in Merrillville , Indiana .
Astra Bus is a bus manufacturer based in Arad , Romania .
Fairfield Greenwich Group is an investment firm founded in 1983 in New York City .
Beam Suntory , Inc. is an American manufacturer of spirits headquartered in Deerfield , Illinois .
Rocket Girl is a London - based independent record label .
The Southeast Asian Service Leadership Network , SEALNet , is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization based in the San Francisco Bay Area , USA , dedicated to service leadership and working with Southeast Asian communities around the world .
Locus Technologies is an American corporation with headquarters in Mountain View , California , ( in Silicon Valley ) , that provides services to organize energy , water , and environmental data and information via the Internet worldwide .
Freebird Airlines ( Turkish : Hürkuş Havayolu Taşımacılık ve Ticaret A.Ş. ) is a Turkish charter airline based in Florya , Bakirköy , Istanbul .
Stash Tea Company is a privately held specialty tea & herbal tea company headquartered in Tigard , Oregon , a suburb of Portland .
The Wiener Börse AG ( also known as the Vienna Stock Exchange ) is the only stock exchange in Vienna , Austria , and one of the most established exchanges in Eastern- and Southeastern Europe .
Stater Bros. Markets is a privately held supermarket discount chain , based in San Bernardino , California , consisting of 168 stores located throughout Southern California .
Gristedes is a New York City - based chain of small supermarkets .
Bradford White is a privately held American manufacturer of residential and commercial water heaters headquartered in Ambler , Pennsylvania , with its manufacturing facility located in Middleville , Michigan .
The Bloomingdale Cornet Band , from Bloomingdale , New Jersey , is the oldest continually active band in the Garden State .
Algorithme Pharma 's headquarters are located in Laval ( Quebec , Canada ) and include a 20,000-square - foot Bioanalytical Laboratory .
Dunlop Aircraft Tyres is a tyre - manufacturing company in Birmingham , England , that claims to be world 's only specialist aircraft tyre manufacturer and retreader , for aircraft landing gear ( also known as undercarriage ) .
Shikoku Broadcasting ( 四国放送 ) is a radio and TV station based in Tokushima .
Ansells Brewery ( Ansells ) was a regional brewery founded in Aston , Birmingham , England in 1858 .
A / S Kristiania Sporveisselskab or KSS , nicknamed the Green Tramway ( Norwegian : Grønntrikken ) , was an operator of part of the Oslo Tramway from 1875 to 1924 .
Gyldendal is a public company and its shares are traded on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange .
Berkeley Divinity School , founded in 1854 , is an official seminary of the Episcopal Church , based in New Haven , Connecticut .
Nation Media Group ( abbreviated as NMG ) is a Kenyan media group listed on the Nairobi Stock Exchange .
In 1979 , the first Super - Pharm pharmacy was opened in the Neve Amirim neighbourhood of Herzliya , Israel .
Kampnagel is a theatre in Hamburg , Germany .
Patron Capital Partners ( `` Patron '' ) is a Western European private equity real estate fund with its main investment advisor , Patron Capital Advisers LLP based in London , United Kingdom .
The Clyde Locomotive Company was a firm of locomotive manufacturers in Springburn , Glasgow , Scotland .
The Rosenbauer Group is one of the world 's three largest manufacturers of fire - service vehicles , based in Leonding , Austria .
ICON Yachts is a Dutch shipbuilding company based in Harlingen , The Netherlands .
Mountain Safety Research , or MSR , is an American corporation founded in 1969 by Larry Penberthy , located in Seattle , Washington and owned by Cascade Designs .
The Radio Research Consortium ( RRC ) is a non - profit research company based in Olney , Maryland which provides listener data on radio audiences to non - commercial stations in the United States .
Based in Richmond , Virginia , USA after the merger , in 2003 the CSX Corporation headquarters moved to Jacksonville , Florida .
B - cycle is a public bicycle sharing company formed in partnership between Trek Bicycle Corporation , Humana , and Crispin Porter + Bogusky and is based in Waterloo , Wisconsin , United States .
Cobel Darou , headquartered in Tehran , Iran , is one of the biggest pharmaceutical companies in Iran .
Brixmor Property Group Inc. , trading as Property Group ( NYSE : BRX ) , is a real estate investment trust , headquartered in New York City , New York .
Glad Foundation Esbjerg , Glad Foundation Ringsted , Glad Foundation Aabenraa and finally Glad Foundation Copenhagen where it all began .
The Institute for Fiscal Studies is an economic research institute based in London , United Kingdom , which specialises in UK taxation and public policy .
Mintel Group Ltd is a privately owned , London - based market research firm .
Thomas H. Lee Partners , L.P. is an American private equity firm based in Boston , Massachusetts specializing in leveraged buyouts , growth capital , special situations , industry consolidations , and recapitalizations .
The headquarters of the United Nations is in Manhattan , New York City , and experiences extraterritoriality .
T - ara ( /tiˈɑːrə/ ; Korean : 티아라 ; Japanese : ティアラ ; stylized as T - ARA , T ♔ ARA , or TΛRΛ ) is a South Korean girl group that debuted in 2009 under Core Contents Media , now known as MBK Entertainment .
Manhunt International is an international male beauty pageant which began in 1993 , though the roots of the pageant go back a few years more to when one single national preliminary was held in Singapore .
Packet Clearing House or PCH is a non - profit research institute formed in 1994 .
Aeroframe Services was formed on August 1 , 2005 , when Roger Porter acquired EADS Aeroframe Services with EADS being the parent company of Airbus .
The Demics were a Canadian punk rock band that formed in 1977 in London .
Ansaldi was an Italian automobile manufacturer founded in Milan in 1904 by Michele Ansaldi an engineer , designer , and industrialist .
Aer Turas Teoranta ( from the Irish meaning Air Journey ) was an Irish airline and later a freight operator based in Dublin , Ireland from 1962 until May 2003 .
The Wand Company was found in 2009 by Richard Blakesley and Chris Barnardo who wanted to combine their forty years of design , development and electronic development experience and make magical / surprising themed products that work as universal remote controls .
The Lakehead University Act , 1965 , was given royal assent on June 22 , 1965 , and came into force on July 1 , 1965 .
In April 2001 , the IWG formed the IJIS Institute as a 501(c)(3 ) not - for - profit corporation .
Darrell Roberts is an American guitar player best known as a former member of the American heavy metal band W.A.S.P ..
Antonio Pasculli ( 13 October 1842 -- 23 February 1924 ) was an Italian oboist and composer , known as `` the Paganini of the oboe '' .
Grant Green , Jr. ( né Gregory Green ) is a jazz guitarist and son of jazz guitar player Grant Green .
Hans Magnus Ryan , alias `` Snah '' , ( born December 31 , 1969 in Trondheim , Norway ) is a Norwegian rock musician ( guitar & vocals ) , known as front figure of the band Motorpsycho .
Tom Denney started playing guitar from the age of 10 .
Bruno Canino was born in Naples , Italy in 1935 , where he studied piano with Vincenzo Vitale .
Zaq began to learn the piano at age three .
Simon Fowler commenced his music career as the lead singer and songwriter for Birmingham band The Fanatics , which consisted of Simon Fowler ( vocals & guitar ) , Damon Minchella ( bass ) , Paul Wilkes ( guitar ) and Caroline Bullock ( drums ) .
Cyrille Rose , full name Chrysogone Cyrille Rose ( 13 February 1830 in Lestrem Pas - de - Calais -- 1902 in Meaux ) was an important French Clarinetist , and served as principal clarinet at the Paris Opera .
Bryan Bowers ( born August 18 , 1940 in Yorktown , Virginia ) is an American autoharp player who is frequently credited with introducing the instrument to new generations of musicians .
Sarah Jory began to learn to play musical instruments at the age of five , when she obtained her first steel guitar .
In 1954 he was featured on both clarinet and tenor sax in the Doc Evans combo , not abandoning the Harry Blons Six as the group remained active in the mid-1950s .
Tim Mech is a Canadian rock guitarist and guitar technician .
Daniel Shulman ( born 2 Oct. 1966 ) is an American performer of bass guitar .
Basil 's son , Basil Coetzee , Jr. , played saxophone in the service .
Haakon Graf ( born 21 March 1955 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( piano , organ , keyboards and synthesizers ) , composer , arranger and producer .
Liane Carroll has that rare ability to meld effortless , often transcendent vocal and piano technique , with heart stopping emotion and soul bearing power .
Ulli Bögershausen ( born 1954 in Brauneberg ) is a German solo guitarist and guitar teacher .
Jun Miyake ( Japanese : 三宅 純 Hepburn : Miyake Jun ? , January 7 , 1958 , Kyoto ) is a Japanese composer and trumpet player .
Tania Maria ( born May 9 , 1948 ) is a Brazilian artist , singer , composer , bandleader and piano player , singing mostly in Portuguese or English .
Kevin Turcotte is a trumpet player based in Toronto , Canada .
Armand Mandy Meyer is a Swiss guitar player best known for being a member of the hard rock band Gotthard , the progressive rock band Asia and the heavy metal band Krokus .
Michèl Yost ( Paris , 1754 -- Paris , July 5 , 1786 ) was a famous French clarinetist and cofounder of the French clarinet school .
Ernie Krivda ( born February 6 , 1945 in Cleveland , Ohio as Krvda Ernö ) is a jazz saxophone player .
Marcelo Barbosa ( born in 1975 ) is a Brazilian guitar player and music professor .
Theodor Christian Frølich Bergh known as Totti Bergh ( born 5 December 1935 in Oslo -- deceased 4 January 2012 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian jazz musician ( saxophone ) , the younger brother of the jazz journalist Johannes ( Johs . )
Susanne Alt ( born 1978 ) is a jazz saxophone player and composer based in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
André Roligheten ( born 2 January 1985 in Skien , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( saxophone ) and composer , known from a series of recordings and bands like Albatrosh and Team Hegdal .
Horace Parlan ( born January 19 , 1931 , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is an American hard bop and post - bop piano player .
Robert Jürjendal ( born 10 January 1966 ) is an Estonian guitar player and composer .
Dan Regan was the trombone player for the Southern California - based ska punk band Reel Big Fish .
Ståle Storløkken ( born 22 February 1969 in Dombås , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( keyboards , organ and piano ) and composer , known from co - operations with artists like Terje Rypdal , BigBang , Supersilent and Motorpsycho .
Dennis Brain ( 17 May 1921 -- 1 September 1957 ) was a British virtuoso horn player who was largely credited for popularizing the horn as a solo classical instrument with the post - war British public .
Paul Dombrecht ( born 1948 , Ostend ) is a Belgian oboist performing on period instruments as well as the modern oboe .
Morten Halle ( born 7 October 1957 ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( saxophone ) , composer and music arranger .
KBMR ( 1130 AM ) , known as `` Country 1130 '' , is a radio station located in Bismarck , North Dakota , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
WZZU is a Classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Lynchburg , Virginia , serving the Lynchburg / Lexington area .
WDAL ( 1430 AM ) is a sports talk radio station licensed to Dalton , Georgia , USA .
CHMJ ( identified on air as AM 730 ) is a Canadian radio station in the Metro Vancouver region of British Columbia currently owned by Corus Entertainment .
CIMF - FM is a French - language Canadian radio station located in Gatineau , Quebec , near Ottawa , Ontario .
The station , which is owned and operated by the non - profit KSER Foundation , broadcasts at 90.7 MHz with an ERP of 5.8 kW and is licensed to Everett , Washington .
KCMT is licensed to broadcast from Green Valley , Arizona ( a southern suburb of Tucson ) , and broadcasts on the frequency of 92.1 MHz . KCMT is owned by small radio company Lotus Communications Corporation .
KBEQ - FM ( 104.3 FM , `` Q-104 '' ) is a country radio station that broadcasts in the Kansas City media market .
WOKV ( 690 AM ) and WOKV - FM ( 104.5 FM ) are a pair of American radio stations in the Jacksonville , Florida , media market .
WFPK is a 24-hour listener - supported , noncommercial radio station in Louisville , Kentucky , USA , broadcasting at 91.9 MHz FM with an adult album alternative format .
KTZN ( Alaska 's ESPN 550 The Zone ) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Anchorage , Alaska .
WRVE ( 99.5 The River ) is a hot adult contemporary radio station licensed to Schenectady , New York and serving the Capital District and Upper Hudson Valley of New York .
CBKF - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts the programming of Radio - Canada 's Ici Radio - Canada Première network at 97.7 FM in Regina , Saskatchewan .
KBOS - FM ( 94.9 FM , `` B95 '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Fresno , California , licensed to Tulare and broadcasting to the Fresno area .
WEEU is a news / talk station in Reading , Pennsylvania .
WRIR - LP is a Public Radio and Adult Album Alternative radio format independent radio station licensed to Richmond , Virginia , serving Metro Richmond .
KYNO is an oldies station in Fresno , California , United States .
WMOU ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Berlin , New Hampshire , USA , and with its offices located in Littleton , New Hampshire , the station serves northern New Hampshire and the Northeast Kingdom of Vermont .
WRVR ( 104.5 FM , `` The River 104.5 '' ) is an Adult Contemporary radio station broadcasting in Memphis , Tennessee .
CILV - FM is a Canadian radio station which broadcasts at 88.5 FM in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
KARS - FM ( 102.9 FM ) is a commercial radio station licensed for Laramie , Wyoming and broadcasting to the Cheyenne , Wyoming and Fort Collins - Greeley , Colorado areas .
WTNT - FM ( 94.9 FM ) is a country radio station broadcasting in Tallahassee , Florida .
WTUL is a progressive / alternative FM radio outlet in New Orleans , Louisiana , operating at 91.5 MHz with an ERP of 1.5 kW.
Aamar FM ( literally meaning My FM ) is an FM radio channel in Kolkata , India .
KDAY in Redondo Beach , California , ( 93.5 FM ) is one of a pair of synchrocasting radio stations based in South Los Angeles that airs a Urban Contemporary format aimed at African Americans & Hispanic Americans in the 18 - 49 range .
WMSJ ( 89.3 FM ; `` K - LOVE '' ) is a radio station airing the K - Love contemporary Christian music format , licensed to Freeport , Maine and serving the Portland area .
WADK ( 1540 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Newport , Rhode Island .
KTGO ( 1090 AM , `` Bakken Beacon '' ) is a radio station serving Williston , North Dakota ( licensed to serve Tioga , North Dakota ) .
KYMX ( 96.1 FM , `` Mix 96 '' ) is commercial radio station located in Sacramento , California .
Ouï FM can be heard mainly in the North of France , on 102.3 FM in Paris , 102.1 FM in Melun and 90.7 FM in Chantilly , as well as via the Astra 1H satellite .
WKRZ , `` 98.5 KRZ '' , is a radio station licensed to Freeland , Pennsylvania serving the Scranton / Wilkes - Barre / Hazleton radio market at 98.5 MHz FM .
WRMK - LP ( 100.3 FM ) is a low power broadcasting radio station in Augusta , Georgia .
KZND - FM ( 94.7 FM , `` Pure Rock 94.7 '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Houston , Alaska , broadcasting to the Anchorage , Alaska , area .
WTZB is a commercial radio station located in Englewood , Florida , broadcasting to the Sarasota , Florida area on 105.9 FM , W286CQ 105.1 FM , and WCTQ 106.5 HD3 .
WGPC ( branded as 1450 The Fan ) is a radio station serving Albany , Georgia , United States and surrounding cities with sports radio programming from Fox Sports Radio .
WWST ( 102.1 FM , `` Star 102.1 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Sevierville , Tennessee , and serving the Knoxville market .
WNKS , known on the air as Kiss 95.1 , is a 100,000 watt radio station in Charlotte , North Carolina .
KELO - FM ( 101.9 FM ) is a radio station in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , airing an adult contemporary music format .
CBVX - FM is a Canadian radio station , which broadcasts Radio - Canada 's Ici Musique network at 95.3 FM in Quebec City .
WORW ( 91.9 FM , `` The Wave '' ) is a high school radio station located in Port Huron Northern High School broadcasting a CHR / Top 40 format .
KAGT was originally a Southern gospel radio station that served the Abilene , Texas , area .
WQSM is a licensed FM class C1 Adult Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station based in Fayetteville , North Carolina , USA .
KKSP ( 93.3 FM ) is a commercial radio station licensed in Bryant , Arkansas , broadcasting to the Little Rock , Arkansas , area .
CJJJ - FM is the call sign of a campus radio station operating in Brandon , Manitoba , Canada .
WMLU ( 91.3 FM ) is an American non - commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Farmville , Virginia .
WZND - LP ( 103.3 MHz FM ) is an Low Power FM radio station licensed to Bloomington , McLean County , Illinois , United States .
WBAI , a part of the Pacifica Radio Network , is a non - commercial , listener - supported radio station , broadcasting at 99.5 FM in New York City .
CJLO is the official campus and community radio station for Concordia University in Montreal , Quebec and is operated almost entirely by its volunteer membership .
WXXB , `` B102 - 9 '' is an FM radio station licensed to the city of Delphi , Indiana .
Waunarlwydd ( English : The Lord 's Meadow -- arlwydd is a local variant of arglwydd ) is a village in Swansea , Wales , falling within the Cockett ward .
Mikołajskie ( mikɔˈwai̯skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Pengam is a former coal village in the Rhymney Valley , Caerphilly county borough , in Wales .
The Mount Trumbull Wilderness is a 7,880 acre ( 31 km2 ) wilderness area located on the Uinkaret Plateau in the Arizona Strip .
Marcy Field ( FAA LID : 1I1 ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) south of the central business district of Keene , a town in Essex County , New York , United States .
KMOD - FM ( 97.5 FM ) is an active rock radio station in Tulsa , Oklahoma , owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
Kaladar is a compact rural community and unincorporated area in the municipality of Addington Highlands , Lennox and Addington County in Eastern Ontario , Canada .
The Ninilchik River is a 21-mile - long ( 34 km ) stream on the Kenai Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Taree Airport ( IATA : TRO , ICAO : YTRE ) is an airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) northeast of the city of Taree , New South Wales , Australia .
The Royal West of England Academy ( RWA ) is an art gallery located in Clifton , Bristol , near the junction of Queens Road and Whiteladies Road .
Winterbourne Earls is a village in Wiltshire , England , in the Bourne valley on the A338 road about 3.4 miles ( 5 km ) northeast of Salisbury .
The Tramway Gas Station is a landmark former Enco service station in Palm Springs , California , United States , so named because of its location at the foot of Tramway Road , the lone road leading to the base of the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway .
Cheshmeh Isa ( Persian : چشمه عيسي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh `` Īsá ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 88 , in 19 families .
Kalateh - ye Derakht - e Bid ( Persian : كلاته درخت بيد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Derakht - e Bīd ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Elizabeth Seton High School is a private , all - girls Roman Catholic high school in Bladensburg , Maryland .
J. Percy Priest Lake is a reservoir in north central part of Tennessee .
Edgewood Magnet School is an arts magnet school located in New Haven , Connecticut .
Podborsko ( pɔdˈbɔrskɔ ) ( formerly German Kiefheide ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Tonichi is a town in the Soyopa Municipality , in the eastern region of the Mexican state of Sonora near the Río Yaqui .
Kontula ( Swedish : Gårdsbacka ) is a quarter of Helsinki , Finland , part of the Mellunkylä neighbourhood .
Russky Island ( Russian : Ру́сский о́стров , Chinese : 勒富島 ; pinyin : Lèfù Dǎo ) is an island off Vladivostok , Primorsky Krai , Russia , in the Peter the Great Gulf , Sea of Japan .
Deh - e Sefid Kan Sorkh ( Persian : ده سفيدكانسرخ‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Sefīd Kān Sorkh ; also known as Deh - e Sefīd and Deh Safīd ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grossmont High School is the oldest high school in San Diego 's east county , California .
James Wood High School is located at the northern tip of the Shenandoah Valley in Winchester , Virginia and is a part of the Frederick County Public School system .
Gmina Chorkówka is a rural gmina in Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sajankila is a small village in Bayar Village in the Kasaragod district , state of Kerala , India .
The Catanzaro funicular ( Italian : Funicolare di Catanzaro ) is a funicular railway in the city of Catanzaro , Calabria , Italy .
Ground Zero Gallery was an art gallery formed in the East Village / Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York in the summer of 1983 as a vehicle for the partnership of artist James Romberger and his wife Marguerite Van Cook .
Kondratki ( kɔnˈdratki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Chicago Great Western Depot at 726 East Main Street in Red Wing , in the U.S. State of Minnesota , is a former railroad station listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Qanat Sefid Kan ( Persian : قنات سفيدكن‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt Sefīd Kan ; also known as Qanāt Sefīd ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Seyyed Qeshlaqi ( Persian : سيدقشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Qeshlāqī ; also known as Seyyedqeshlāqī ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Standing Indian Mountain , elevation 5,499 feet , is part of the North Carolina portion of the Southern Nantahala Wilderness within the boundaries of the Nantahala National Forest .
Błaszków ( ˈbwaʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Geluchar ( Persian : گلوچار‎ , also Romanized as Gelūchār ; also known as Galū Jār ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mush Bijar ( Persian : موش بيجار‎ , also Romanized as Mūsh Bījār ; also known as Musmudzhal ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Whissendine is a village and civil parish in Rutland , England north - west of the county town , Oakham .
Liberty Bible Academy is a private Christian school , located in Mason , Ohio area .
Quad City International Airport ( IATA : MLI , ICAO : KMLI , FAA LID : MLI ) is a public airport in Rock Island County , Illinois , three miles ( 5 km ) south of Moline .
The Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal , originally Cincinnati Union Terminal , is a passenger railroad station in the Queensgate neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Big Bend Dam is a major rolled earth dam along the Missouri River in central South Dakota .
Barnacre - with - Bonds is a civil parish in the Wyre district of Lancashire , England .
Durak - e Sofla ( Persian : دورك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dūrak - e Soflá and Dowrak - e Soflá ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Howard County Conservancy is a non - profit land trust that operates a nature center in Woodstock , Maryland .
Garwół ( ˈɡarvuu̯ ) ( German : Garben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Shamju ( Persian : شمجو‎ , also Romanized as Shamjū ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Prkovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Прковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Penobscot Indian Island Reservation is an Indian reservation for the Penobscot Tribe of Maine , a federally recognized tribe of Penobscot tribe in Penobscot County , Maine , United States , near Old Town .
Black Barony , also known as Blackbarony , Barony Castle , and Darnhall , is a historic house at Eddleston in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland .
O'Connor Mine , also known as Milestone Mine , is an abandoned surface mine in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Pathirappally is a coastal village in Alleppey District , Kerala state , India .
Ellen H. Richards Career Academy High School ( formerly known as Richards Vocational High School ) is a public 4 - -year vocational high school located in the Back of the Yards neighborhood on the south -- west side of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
The Wellington Catholic District School Board is a school board in Ontario , Canada , serving the students of the City of Guelph and Wellington County .
Żychlinek ( ʐɨˈxlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Rapides Parish Coliseum ( often called the Rapides Coliseum , as noted on the sign out front ) is a multi - purpose arena located in Alexandria , Louisiana .
The Franklin - Creighton Mine was a Georgia Gold Rush gold mine located off what is now Yellow Creek Road in the town of Ball Ground in Cherokee County , Georgia .
Belaverjan ( Persian : بلاورجان‎ , also Romanized as Belāverjān , Balāvarjān , and Belāvarjān ; also known as Balādarjān ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Ketchum Sun Valley Historical Society Heritage & Ski Museum is the official museum of Ketchum Sun Valley located in Ketchum , Idaho .
Camp Watson was a United States Army camp in central Oregon which operated from 1864 through 1869 .
WHCF was the first full - time Christian Radio station in Maine , and continues to broadcast today .
Château de Fleckenstein is a castle in the commune of Lembach , in the Bas - Rhin département of France .
The Caravan of Dreams was a performing arts center located in the central business district of Fort Worth , Texas during the 1980s and 1990s .
Fittja gård is a former manor , coaching inn and station for post riders in Fittja , Botkyrka Municipality , Stockholm County , east - central Sweden .
Theatre Square or Teatralnaya Square ( Russian : Театральная площадь , Teatralnaya ploshchad ) , known as Sverdlov Square between 1919 and 1991 , is a city square in the Tverskoy District of central Moscow , Russia .
Qalfak ( Persian : قلفك‎ ; also known as Qolqolak ) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Neolithic Dwellings Museum in Stara Zagora , Bulgaria is a museum in Stara Zagora , Bulgaria , which contains ruins of two of the oldest surviving buildings in the world .
The Ballarat Gaol , a former maximum security prison for males , females and children , is located in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia .
Fesun ( Persian : فسون‎ , also Romanized as Fesūn , Fasoon , Fasūn , and Fosūn ) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Paola 's post , sometimes called Post Paola , in Miami County , Kansas , was located on the west side of Bull Creek , just west of Paola , Kansas .
Ravanj ( Persian : راونج‎ , also Romanized as Rāvanj and Rāwanj ) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Gruta do Natal ( Christmas Cave ) , also known as Galeria Negra or Gruta do Cavalo , is a cave system in municipality of Praia da Vitória , on the island of Terceira in Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Keelvani is a village lying on the bank of the Bhavani River , between Athani and Appakudal , Erode district , Tamil Nadu .
Gij ( Persian : گيج‎ , also Romanized as Gīj ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lai Nair ( literally `` Black Lake '' ) is a small lake above Tarasp in the Lower Engadine , Graubünden , Switzerland .
Toad Suck Daze is an annual community music , arts , and food festival in Conway , Arkansas .
Kahijeh ( Persian : كاهيجه‎ , also Romanized as Kāhījeh ) is a village in Soleyman Rural District , Soleyman District , Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Podławki ( pɔdˈwafki ) ( German Podlacken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Lowlakan ( Persian : لولكان‎ , also Romanized as Lowlakān ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Szlamy ( ˈʂlamɨ ) , is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Llanrhydd or Llanrhudd is a parish one and a half miles south - west of Ruthin in Denbighshire , Wales ; ' rhudd ' being the Welsh name for ' red ' -- the colour of the local sandstone .
Bandar - e Shiu ( Persian : بندرشيو‎ , also Romanized as Bandar - e Shīū '' ; also known as Sheyow , Sheyū , Shīū , and Shīvūh ) is a village in Behdasht Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Irumbai is a village situated next to Auroville in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu , some 10 km from Pondicherry .
Defiance Memorial Airport ( IATA : DFI , ICAO : KDFI , FAA LID : DFI ) is a public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) northwest of the central business district of Defiance , in Defiance County , Ohio , United States .
William Bay National Park is a national park in Western Australia , 369 km southeast of Perth .
Tabałówka ( tabaˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Filipów , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Nowy Czarków ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈt͡ʂarkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kramsk , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Sir George - Étienne Cartier National Historic Site is a historic house museum in Old Montreal commemorating the life and accomplishments of Sir George - Étienne Cartier .
Tarvin is a village in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
The W. H. Watt Building , located at 120 N. Main St. in Hailey , Idaho , is a historic building that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Hanford Reach is a free - flowing section of the Columbia River , around 51 miles ( 82 km ) long , in eastern Washington state .
Hoseynabad - e Sar Jangal ( Persian : حسين ابادسرجنگل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Sar Jangal and Hosein Abad Sar Jangal ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The TivoliVredenburg is a contemporary music complex located in Utrecht , Netherlands .
Obórka ( ɔˈburka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Whitehall Street is a street in the New York City borough of Manhattan , about four blocks long .
Newton Tony ( formerly Newton Toney ) is a rural village and civil parish in the English county of Wiltshire , close to the border with Hampshire .
La Loma Park is a tract of land located in the Berkeley Hills section of the city of Berkeley , California in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Rimetea ( formerly Trascău ; Hungarian : Torockó ; German : Eisenmarkt , Eisenburg ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
The Senator Theatre is a historic single - screen Art Deco movie theater located at 5904 York Road in the Govans section of Baltimore , Maryland 21212 .
Głogówko Królewskie ( ɡwɔˈɡufkɔ kruˈlɛfskʲɛ ) ( German : Königlich Glukowko ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Fort Walton Mound ( 8OK6 ) is an archaeological site located in present - day Fort Walton Beach , Florida , United States .
Wiechetki Małe ( vjɛˈxɛtki ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lockeport is a Canadian town and port in Shelburne County , Nova Scotia .
The Dr. William Barrow Mansion , is located at 83 Wayne Street between Barrow Street and Jersey Avenue in Downtown Jersey City , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Stanmore Bay is a suburb and beach on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula , in the Auckland Region of New Zealand .
Bączal Dolny ( ˈbɔnt͡ʂal ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The University of La Verne is a private not - for - profit university located in La Verne , California , United States , about 35 miles ( 56 km ) east of Los Angeles .
Faryab Tut ( Persian : فارياب توت‎ , also Romanized as Fāryāb Tūt ; also known as Pāryāb Tūt ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Cremia is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) north of Milan and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northeast of Como , on the western shore of Lake Como .
Schnals ( Italian : Senales ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the autonomous province of South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of the city of Bolzano , on the border with Austria .
Providence College ( also known as Providence or PC ) is a private , coeducational , Roman Catholic university located about two miles west of downtown Providence , Rhode Island , United States , the state 's capital city .
Colegio Goethe ( German : Deutsche Schule Asunción , Goethe - Schule ) is a German international school in Asunción , Paraguay .
The Warrior Ridge Dam and Hydroelectric Plant is a historic dam and power plant and national historic district spanning the Frankstown Branch Juniata River and located in Logan Township and Porter Township in Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
Conception Harbour is a town on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Victoria Terrasse is a building complex in central Oslo , Norway .
Pashgar ( Persian : پشگر‎ , also Romanized as Pashkar ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Puzeh - ye Lakhar ( Persian : پوزه لخر‎ , also Romanized as Pūzeh - ye Lakhar ) is a village in Javar Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chaga Parviz ( Persian : چگاپرويز‎ , also Romanized as Chagā Parvīz ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Sagebrush Ranch is a legal , licensed brothel located about 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Carson City , Nevada in the unincorporated town of Mound House , in Lyon County , at 50 Kit Kat Drive .
Nohuj ( Persian : نهوج‎ , also Romanized as Nohūj and Nahūj ) is a village in Barzavand Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Khvares ( Persian : خوارس‎ , also Romanized as Khvāres , Khovārs , and Khūvāres ) is a village in Kamalabad Rural District , in the Central District of Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Bon Shovar ( Persian : بن شوار‎ , also Romanized as Bon Shovār , Ban Shovar , Bon Shevār , and Bon Shūr ; also known as Band - e Shovār ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Sumner Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Seaverns Avenue , Everett Street , Carolina Avenue , & Newbern Street in Boston , Massachusetts .
Santa Fe Community College ( SFCC ) is a public two - year comprehensive community college located in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Reen Manor is a hamlet east of Perranporth in Cornwall , England .
Shukachari is a hill place located in the hill ranges known as Mahadev Hills between Atpadi and Khanapur of Sangli district , Maharashtra , India .
Kayes Region is one of eight first level national subdivisions , called Regions in Mali .
The Fenway Theatre ( 1915 - -1972 ) of Boston , Massachusetts , was a cinema and concert hall in the Back Bay , located at no.136 Massachusetts Avenue at Boylston Street .
Dahaneh - e Zurak ( Persian : دهنه زورک‎ , also Romanized as Dahaneh - e Zūrak ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ronald E. McNair High School is a public school in DeKalb County , Georgia located at 1804 Bouldercrest Road SE .
WZZY is a local radio station in Winchester , Indiana .
Jack 's Pass , is situated in the Limpopo Province at the Matshakatini Nature Reserve ( South Africa )
Kamak - e Rah Khoda ( Persian : كمك راه خدا‎ , also Romanized as Kamak - e Rāh Khodā ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Georgian Court University is a private Roman Catholic university located in Lakewood Township , Ocean County , New Jersey , United States .
Strychowo ( strɨˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Przedewsie ( pʂɛˈdɛfɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jakubów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Foote 's Crossing Road ( CA 613 ) originates in North Columbia , California and winds through the Tahoe National Forest to connect with the community of Alleghany , California .
Storehouse No . 4 , on International St. in Hyder , Alaska , was built in 1896 under supervision of engineer David du Bose Gaillard .
The 1991 Gold Coast IndyCar Grand Prix was the opening round of the 1991 IndyCar season , held on 17 March 1991 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit , Queensland , Australia .
Hoogar ( or Hugar ) is the name given to an endogamous community of Lingayat people living in Karnataka , in southwest India .
Khalajabad ( Persian : خلج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Khalajābād ; also known as Qalīchābād ) is a village in Neyzar Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Jahrhunderthalle is a convention center located in Frankfurt , Germany .
The Eisenhower Birthplace State Historic Site is located at 609 S. Lamar Avenue in Denison , Grayson County , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Garmusha ( Persian : گرموشا‎ , also Romanized as Garmūshā ; also known as Garmāshā ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Cedarville Airport ( FAA LID : O59 ) is a public airport located two miles ( 3.2 km ) north of Cedarville , serving Modoc County , California , USA .
Lakeline Mall is a super - regional shopping mall located in north Austin , Texas , at the intersection of RR 620 and US 183 .
Piz Lagalb is a mountain of the Livigno Alps , overlooking the Bernina Pass in the canton of located in Graubünden .
The Bridge between Madison and Mahoning Townships is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Madison Township and Mahoning Township in Armstrong County , Pennsylvania .
Fillmore West was a historic rock and roll music venue in San Francisco , California which became famous under the direction of concert promoter Bill Graham from 1968 - 1971 .
Postwick with Witton is a civil parish on the Broads in the English county of Norfolk , comprising the two adjacent villages of Postwick and Witton .
Fort Sturgeon ( 1776 - -1780 ) was the first trading post on the North Saskatchewan River .
Dam Qoli ( Persian : دمقلي‎ , also Romanized as Dam Qolī ; also known as Karam Qolī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kuri Jahaz ( Persian : كوري جهاز‎ , also Romanized as Kūrī Jahāz ; also known as Korī Jahāz ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Zarrineh ( Persian : زرينه‎ , also Romanized as Zarrīneh ) is a city in and capital of Karaftu District , in Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sobiczewy ( sɔbiˈt͡ʂɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
East Wilkes High School is a class 1A public high school ( grades 9 - -12 ) located in Ronda , North Carolina .
The Mount Hood National Forest is 62 miles ( 100 km ) east of the city of Portland , Oregon , and the northern Willamette River valley .
The Gallagher Flint Station Archeological Site is an archaeological site and National Historic Landmark in northern Alaska .
Leyli Daghi ( Persian : ليلي داغي‎ , also Romanized as Leylī Dāghī ) is a village in Gavdul - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Leuben is a district of the German city of Dresden .
Chełstówek ( xɛu̯sˈtuvɛk ) ( German : Klein Schönwald ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Taneyru ( Persian : تنيرو‎ , also Romanized as Taneyrū ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Stanley M. Rowe Arboretum is a public arboretum covering 3.6 hectares ( 8.9 acres ) in Indian Hill , Ohio .
Meerkerk Rhododendron Gardens ( 53 acres ) are nonprofit botanical gardens located at 3531 Meerkerk Lane , Greenbank , Washington .
The Jacksonville Landing is a 126,000 square feet ( 11,706 m2 ) shopping , tattoo , dining , clubbing , and historic museum complex in downtown Jacksonville , Florida .
Lesser Slave Lake is located in central Alberta , Canada , northwest of Edmonton .
The Basilica of Notre - Dame du Port is a Romanesque basilica , formerly a collegiate church , in the Port quarter of Clermont - Ferrand , between Place Delille and the cathedral .
Virgem da Lapa is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais .
Burnwynd is a village on the border between the City of Edinburgh and West Lothian , Scotland .
Kashatagh Region ( Armenian : Քաշաթաղի շրջան Kashat'aghi shrjan ) is one of the seven regions of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic which is de facto independent de jure part of Azerbaijan Republic and the largest by area ( 3,376.60 km2 ) .
Dixie Caverns is a commercial show cave located in the Riverside community of Roanoke County , Virginia , USA , four miles west of Salem .
The Kaweah Colony was a utopian socialist community in central California founded in 1886 .
La Pine Heliport ( FAA LID : OR84 ) is a private heliport located north of La Pine in Deschutes County , Oregon , United States .
The Elbchaussee ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɛlb ʃɔˈseː ) ) is a famous thoroughfare of Hamburg , Germany , joining the city 's western Elbe suburbs ( Elbvororte ) Othmarschen , Nienstedten and Blankenese with Altona and Hamburg 's inner city .
Martyrs of February Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب شهداء فبراير‎ ) , otherwise known as Benina Martyrs Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب شهداء بنينة‎ ) and until 2011 officially named Hugo Chávez Football Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب هوغو شافيز‎ ) , is a Libyan football stadium located in Benina , a town 19 km east of Benghazi .
Jaczne ( ˈjat͡ʂnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Robert Worthington House , also known as Piedmont and Quarry Banks , is an historic house located near Charles Town , West Virginia .
The Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant , also known as Plant Vogtle , is a 2-unit nuclear power plant located in Burke County , near Waynesboro , Georgia , in the southeastern United States .
West Market Street United Methodist Church is one of the oldest churches in Greensboro North Carolina , over 175 years old ;
Canastota Methodist Church , now known as Greystone Community Center , or Greystone Castle , is a historic Methodist church at Main and New Boston streets in Canastota in Madison County , New York .
Długopole ( dwuɡɔˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Coast Guard Air Station Cape Cod is a United States Coast Guard air station located on Otis Air National Guard Base in Sandwich , Massachusetts .
Dunnville Airport , ( TC LID : CDU9 ) , was a registered aerodrome located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) south of Dunnville , Ontario , Canada .
Macheren ( German : Machern ) is a commune in the Moselle department in the Lorraine region of north - eastern France .
Inkersall and Inkersall Green are areas of settlement in Derbyshire , England .
Goode Mountain is one of the major peaks of the North Cascades in Washington state .
The Jumbo Church of Christ is a historic church in rural Izard County , Arkansas , west of the city of Melbourne .
Blue Sea Lake ( in French : Lac Blue Sea ) is a lake in the municipalities of Blue Sea and Messines , Quebec , Canada , about 90 kilometers ( 56 mi ) north of Gatineau .
Piazza del Campo is the principal public space of the historic center of Siena , Tuscany , Italy and is regarded as one of Europe 's greatest medieval squares .
Woodrum Lake Wildlife Management Area , is located about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Romance , West Virginia in Jackson County .
Radziłów - Kolonia ( raˈd͡ʑiwuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Oscar Taylor House is a historic house in the city of Freeport , Illinois .
Duanzhou District ( Chinese : 端州 ; pinyin : Duānzhōu ; Jyutping : dyunzau1 ) is a district of Zhaoqing , Guangdong province , People 's Republic of China .
Varedo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza , in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of Milan .
Ullock is a village in Cumbria , England , located at National Grid reference NY076239 , approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) south west of Cockermouth and 5.4 miles ( 8.6 km ) south east of Workington .
Gharib Dust ( Persian : غريب دوست‎ , also Romanized as Gharīb Dūst ; also known as Qarīb Dūst ) is a village in Barvanan - e Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Durham Education Center , also known as Durham Center is a public alternative school in Tigard , Oregon , United States .
Lewsze ( ˈlɛfʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in northeastern Poland , near the border with Belarus .
The Glen Saint Mary Nurseries Company is a historic site in Glen St. Mary , Florida , located at 7703 Glen Nursery Road .
Hezar Kanian ( Persian : هزاركانيان‎ , also Romanized as Hezār Kānīān ) is a village in Saral Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Storybook Land is a 20-acre family amusement park located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Blandford Forum ( /ˈblænfəd ˈfɔərəm/ BLAN(D)-fərd FOHR - əm ) , commonly Blandford , is a market town in the North Dorset district of Dorset , England , sited by the River Stour about 24 km ( 15 mi ) northwest of Poole .
Rosemont College is a private , coeducational , Catholic liberal arts college in southeastern Pennsylvania in the town of Rosemont , 11 miles ( 18 km ) west of Philadelphia within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia .
Pleasantville Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Oley Township in Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Pathamkulam is a village in Palakkad district , Kerala , India , about 3 kilometers from Vaniamkulam .
Kolus Forush ( Persian : كلوس فروش‎ , also Romanized as Kolūs Forūsh , Kaloos Foroosh , Kolash Forūsh , and Kolosforūsh ; also known as Kholūşforūz , Kulusferoz , and Kulusferush ) is a village in Dasht - e Veyl Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Buchanan Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Licking Township , Clarion County , Pennsylvania .
Koniówko ( kɔˈɲufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wheelers Hill Secondary College is a coeducational state school in the Melbourne suburb of Wheelers Hill , Victoria , Australia .
Dowspuda ( dɔfsˈpuda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Seresh Badaran ( Persian : سرشبادران‎ , also Romanized as Seresh Bāderān and Sereshbādarān ; also known as Darān , Seresh Bāzerūn , Sereshk Bādarān , Sorūsh , and Sorūsh Bādarān ) is a village in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Harkness Tower is a masonry tower at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Tak Meydan ( Persian : تك ميدان‎ , also Romanized as Tak Meydān ; also known as Tak Meydūn ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vibygård is a manor house located in the northeastern outskirts of Viby , Roskilde Municipality , some 30 km west of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Tilt Cove mine was reopened by Canadian mining promoter Matthew James Boylen as a result of Newfoundland and Labrador government policy to encourage mineral exploration and revitalize mining communities and Tilt Cove experienced a rebirth .
The T.B. Scott Free Library is a public library in the city of Merrill , Wisconsin .
Sarqal ( Persian : سرقل‎ ; also known as Sarkal ) is a village in Chaharduli - ye Gharbi Rural District , Chaharduli District , Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Armish ( Persian : ارمش‎ , also Romanized as Ārmīsh ; also known as Ārmash and Ārmesh ) is a village in Jayezan Rural District , Jayezan District , Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Banyliv Pidhirnyi ( Ukrainian : Банилів-Підгірний ; Romanian : Bănila pe Siret or Bănila Moldovenească ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
The Emera Oval , originally known as the Canada Games Oval , is a permanent skating rink / speed skating rink installed in Halifax , Nova Scotia , on the Halifax Commons for the 2011 Canada Games .
Ahmet Cömert Sport Hall ( Turkish : Ahmet Cömert Spor Salonu ) is a multi - purpose indoor sport venue located in Ataköy neighborhood of Bakırköy district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Kaiseraugst ( Swiss German : Chäiseraugscht ) is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Tampa Marriott Waterside is a 326-foot ( 99 m ) high rise hotel in Tampa , Florida near the Tampa Convention Center It was completed in 2000 and has 27 floors .
Saulcourt Churchyard Extension is a military cemetery in the French town Guyencourt - Saulcourt ( Somme ) .
Słajszewko ( swai̯ˈʂɛfkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dul Qeshlaqi ( Persian : دول قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Church Street Row is a group of nine residential buildings along the south side of Church Street ( US 44/NY 55 ) between Academy and Hamilton streets in Poughkeepsie , New York , United States .
Marlboro Motor Raceway ( MMR ) is a now - defunct motorsports park located in Prince George 's County , just outside Upper Marlboro , Maryland .
Shivah Tu ( Persian : شيوه تو‎ , also Romanized as Shīvah Tū ) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Lowood Airfield Circuit was a motor racing venue in Queensland , Australia which was used from 1946 to 1966 .
Peaks Hill is an area of Purley in the London Borough of Croydon , London , England .
The Finnieston Crane or Stobcross Crane is a disused giant cantilever crane in the centre of Glasgow , Scotland .
It is the central settlement of the Local Community of Boštanj , the largest local community in the Municipality of Sevnica .
Horace 's Villa is a Roman archaeological complex near Licenza , Italy .
Grand Park Centre , also known as the Michigan Mutual Building , is a high - rise office building in downtown Detroit , Michigan , located at 28 West Adams Avenue , at the corner of Adams Avenue West and Woodward Avenue , standing across from Grand Circus Park in the Foxtown neighbourhood .
Biltmore Estate is a large ( 8,000 acre ) private estate and tourist attraction in Asheville , North Carolina .
The Quinn Canyon Range is a remote group of mountains in northeastern Nye County , and western Lincoln County in central Nevada in the western United States .
The Waupun Correctional Institution is a maximum security penitentiary in Waupun , Wisconsin .
Downtown Buda Historic District is a six - block historic commercial area located in Buda , Texas .
Chah - e Kuju ( Persian : چاه كوجو‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Kūjū ; also known as Chāh - e Gorju , Chāh - e Gorjī , Gorjī Chāh , and Chāh Gurgi ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kani Mam Seyyed ( Persian : كاني مام سيد‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Mām Seyyed ; also known as Kapaklū ) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pas Chat Sharang Rang ( Persian : پس چات شرانگ رنگ‎ , also Romanized as Pas Chāt Sharāng Rang ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Austevoll is a municipality and an archipelago in Hordaland county , Norway .
Różanka - Leśniczówka ( ruˈʐanka lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Hurilar ( Persian : حوري لر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩūrīlar ; also known as Khūrīlar and Khvorīlar ) is a village in Leylan - e Shomali Rural District , Leylan District , Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Bloor / Gladstone Library is a branch of Toronto Public Library , located at 1101 Bloor Street West , Toronto , Ontario .
Biddeford Pool is a large tidal pool , located off Saco Bay south of the mouth of the Saco River on the south coast of Maine .
Stoke Trister is a village and civil parish 2 miles ( 3 km ) south - east of Wincanton and 5 miles ( 8 km ) north - west of Gillingham close to the Dorset border in the South Somerset district of Somerset , England .
Meinerzhagen ( sometimes spelled Meinertzhagen ) is a town in the Märkischer Kreis , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Wespelaar is a borough of the municipality of Haacht , located between Kampenhout - Tildonk and Haacht centre in Belgium .
Winstead Hill is a property in Franklin , Tennessee that has significance in 1864 for being in the Second Battle of Franklin battlefield .
Herzeng ( Persian : هرزنگ‎ ; also known as Herzen ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sanj Dan ( Persian : سنجدان‎ , also Romanized as Sanj Dān and Sanjdān ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Karolewice ( karɔlɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz , within Międzychód County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Khalsha ( Persian : خلشا‎ , also Romanized as Khalshā , Khalsha '' , and Kholashā ) is a village in Chahardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Abkhvoreh ( Persian : ابخوره‎ , also Romanized as Ābkhvoreh , Abkhura , and Ābkhūreh ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Skeeby is a village and civil parish about 18 miles ( 29 km ) north - east of the county town of Northallerton in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire , England .
Puma Peak it is located in the Palliser Range in Alberta .
Gollanfield is a village between Inverness and Nairn , in the Highland Council Area , Scotland .
The Catalina Casino is located in Avalon on Santa Catalina Island , off the coast of Los Angeles in California .
Cleveland Central Catholic High School is a private co - educational high school located in Cleveland , Ohio .
The Hutchinson - Suddath Building is a historic building at 315 - 319 East Bay Street in Jacksonville , Florida , United States .
Gonahran ( Persian : گنهران‎ , also Romanized as Gonahrān and Gonharān ; also known as Golharān , Gūlhārūn , and Qolharān ) is a village in Karvan - e Olya Rural District , Karvan District , Tiran and Karvan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Zangalab ( Persian : زنگلاب‎ , also Romanized as Zangalāb ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sulmice ( sulˈmit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Raquette River , sometimes spelled Racquette , originates at Raquette Lake in the Adirondack Mountains in New York .
Surré ( Luxembourgish : Sir , German : Syr ) is a village in the commune of Boulaide , in north - western Luxembourg .
Vernon Area Public Library District is a public library in Lake County , Illinois , USA , serving the communities of Lincolnshire and unincorporated Prairie View , most of Long Grove , and smaller portions of Buffalo Grove , Riverwoods and Vernon Hills .
Mugarmun District ( Persian : بخش موگرمون‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Indian Institute of Chemical Biology ( IICB ) is a biomedical research centre in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Zaraka Monastery is a ruined Frankish abbey near Stymfalia , in the Peloponnese , in Greece .
Staro Nagoričane Municipality ( Macedonian : Општина Старо Нагоричане ) is a municipality in northern part of Republic of Macedonia .
The Snake River Plain is a geologic feature located primarily within the state of Idaho in the United States .
Pandar Jan ( Persian : پندرجان‎ , also Romanized as Pandar Jān and Penderjān ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Vleeshal is a historical building dating from 1603 on the Grote Markt in Haarlem , the Netherlands .
Havetoft is a municipality in Schleswig - Flensburg district , in northern Germany .
Aghoseh ( Persian : اغصه‎ , also Romanized as Āghoşeh and Agheşeh ; also known as Aghoşbeh and A``ẕeh ) is a village in Arad Rural District , Arad District , Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 271 , in 54 families .
Pokrytki ( pɔˈkrɨtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Banavchan ( Persian : بناوچان‎ , also Romanized as Banāvchān ; also known as Banāvojān and Benāvojān ) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kenyon College is a private liberal arts college in Gambier , Ohio , United States , founded in 1824 by Philander Chase .
Shahin Dasht ( Persian : شاهين دشت‎ , also Romanized as Shāhīn Dasht ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Lasseter Highway is a fully sealed 244 kilometre highway in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Palgrave Pond ( also known as the Palgrave Mill Pond ) is a reservoir just northwest of the community of Palgrave in the Town of Caledon , Regional Municipality of Peel in the Greater Toronto Area of southern Ontario , Canada .
Wierum is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands with a population of around 390 .
Tug Hill , sometimes referred to as the Tug Hill Plateau , is an upland region in upstate New York in the United States , famous for heavy winter snows .
Zovi Do ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зови До ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ailsa Farms , also known as Haledon Hall and Hobart Manor , is an historic place located in Wayne , Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Lake Vermilion is a freshwater lake in northeastern Minnesota , United States .
Buck Horn Lake is a small private lake in the Southern Tier region of upstate New York .
The Pines Catholic Camp , located in Big Sandy , Texas outside of Tyler and 2 hours east of Dallas , is a Catholic summer camp and retreat center .
Fauler See is a lake in Schwerin , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Łebki Wielkie ( ˈwɛpki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bielki ( ˈbʲɛlkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Juan Lacaze , or Juan L. Lacaze , is a city located in southwestern Uruguay , within the Colonia Department .
Hypoluxo Scrub Natural Area is a 97-acre ( 39 ha ) area of protected scrub and scrubby flatwood land in Hypoluxo , Florida .
Four Town Lake is a lake in Itasca County , in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
The Thomaston Colored Institute , also known as the Thomaston Academy , is a historic African American school building in the town of Thomaston , Alabama , United States .
Sir William Gage Middle School is located in Brampton , Ontario , Canada , and is owned and operated by the Peel District School Board .
Mahaljana is a village in west Uttar Pradesh situated 7 kilometers east of Budhana .
Jacob Rutsen Van Rensselaer House and Mill Complex is a historic home and mill complex consisting of 14 interrelated buildings and located at Claverack in Columbia County , New York .
Nowy Broniszew ( ˈnɔvɨ brɔˈniʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Skeena Mountains , also known as the Skeenas , are a subrange of the Interior Mountains of northern British Columbia , Canada , essentially flanking the upper basin of the Skeena River .
Trzeszków ( ˈtʂɛʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów , within Starachowice County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Van Wagenen House , also known as Apple Tree House is located near Bergen Square in Jersey City , Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Ocean View Hills School is a public elementary and middle school in San Diego , California , United States , located near the junction of California State Route 905 and Interstate 805 .
Wanås Castle ( Swedish : Wanås slott ) is a castle in Östra Göinge Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
The Grottes de Bétharram are a series of French caves located at the border of the Pyrénées - Atlantiques and Hautes - Pyrénées departments and of the Aquitaine and Midi - Pyrénées regions .
Halabezack is a hamlet that lies 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) west of Penryn in Cornwall , England .
Calavino ( German : Kalfein ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) west of Trento .
The Kaiser Burnout was a fire set by Confederate Captain James Kaiser during the American Civil War in the Big Thicket area of Southeast Texas .
Shahrak - e Motarefeh ( Persian : شهرك مطارفه‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Moţārefeh ; also known as Moţārefeh ) is a village in Dasht - e Abbas Rural District , Musian District , Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Bellingen Shire is a local government area on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Am Ohmberg is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld , in Thuringia , Germany .
Kłyżów ( ˈkwɨʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pysznica , within Stalowa Wola County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Oulagisket or `` Lisburne Grange , '' also known as the Sloan Estate , is a historic estate located in Garrison , New York , in Putnam County .
Espakeh ( Persian : اسپكه‎ , also Romanized as Aspakeh , Esfakeh , Isfakeh , and Ispakeh ) is a city in and the capital of Lashar District , in Nik Shahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad - e Mazafari ( Persian : حسين ابادمظفري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Maẓafarī ; also known as Hosein Abad Kahnooj and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tucumcari Mountain , once referred to as Tucumcari Peak or Mesa Tucumcari , is a mesa situated just outside Tucumcari , New Mexico .
Southern Shores Field Service Council is a field service council of the Michigan Crossroads Council .
The Wilkes T. Thrasher Bridge is a 4-lane road bridge located in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Thandla is a town and a Nagar Parishad in Jhabua district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
The Doig River is a river in Alberta and northern British Columbia , Canada .
Sgt . Mark A. Rademacher Memorial Park , commonly known as Hunters Creek Park , is a 760-acre ( 3.1 km2 ) park located in the Town of Wales in the U.S. state of New York .
Bothin Marsh is a half acre ( .2 hectare ) wetlands in Marin County , California .
Frankfurt ( Oder ) ( German pronunciation : ( ˈfʁaŋkfʊɐt ) , Polish : Słubice ) is a town in Brandenburg , Germany , located on the Oder River , on the German - Polish border directly opposite the town of Słubice , which was part of Frankfurt until 1945 .
Bob O'Connor Golf Course at Schenley Park , formerly known as Schenley Park Golf Course , is located in the rolling hills of Schenley Park between Oakland and Squirrel Hill in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA .
Vasi Sar ( Persian : وسي سر‎ , also Romanized as Vasī `` Sar ) is a village in Estarabad Rural District , Kamalan District , Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Museo Alameda was the largest Latino museum in the USA and the first formal Smithsonian affiliate outside of Washington D.C. , located in the historic Market Square in Downtown San Antonio , Texas .
Now Deh - e Katul ( Persian : نوده كتول‎ , also Romanized as Now Deh - e Katūl ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Rzeszotary - Pszczele ( ʐɛʂɔˈtarɨ ˈpʂt͡ʂɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Joy Farm , also known as the E. E. Cummings House , is a historic farmstead on Joy Farm Road in the Silver Lake part of Madison , New Hampshire .
Lake Meridian is a fresh - water lake located in the city of Kent , Washington .
Benjamin Franklin Parkway is a scenic boulevard that runs through the cultural heart of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Mutford is a small village and civil parish located south - west of Lowestoft in the English county of Suffolk .
The Alderney Railway on Alderney is the only railway in the Bailiwick of Guernsey ( a British Crown dependency ) , and the only working railway in the Channel Islands .
Rumenan ( Persian : رومنان‎ , also Romanized as Rūmenān ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Prince Edward Building is the current official ( albeit seldom noted ) name of the historic post office building in Regina , Saskatchewan , located at the corner of Scarth Street and 11th Avenue .
Corktown Common is a park in the south eastern portion of the West Don Lands neighbourhood in Toronto , Ontario , Canada which opened in 2013 .
Bullen Point Short Range Radar Site ( ICAO : PABU , TC LID : 8AK7 ) ( LRR Site : A-20 ) was a United States Air Force radar site and military airstrip located 240 miles ( 390 km ) east - southeast of Point Barrow , Alaska .
Tom 's Restaurant is a diner located at 2880 Broadway ( on the corner of West 112th Street ) in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City .
Bayard Cutting Arboretum State Park is a 691-acre ( 2.80 km2 ) state park located in the hamlet of Great River , New York , on Long Island .
Sha'arai Shomayim Cemetery , also known as the Reformed Temple Jewish Cemetery , is a historic Jewish cemetery located in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Joseph C. Trees Hall is a multipurpose student , staff , faculty recreational facility on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
KVEC 920 AM is a commercial radio station located in San Luis Obispo on the Central Coast of California in the United States .
Tierra Del Sol Preserve is a 180 acre area of protected land one mile west of Land O ' Lakes Boulevard ( US 41 ) and two miles south of State Road 52 at 9855 Asbel Road in Land O ' Lakes , Florida .
The Auberge d'Auvergne ( Maltese : Berġa ta ' Alvernja ) was an auberge in Valletta , Malta .
The Elting Memorial Library is the public library that serves the residents of the village and town of New Paltz , New York .
Bedstone is a small village and civil parish in south Shropshire , England , close to the border with Herefordshire .
Plymouth Country Club is an 18-hole private golf course located in historic Plymouth , Massachusetts .
Little Bay de Noc is a bay in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Originally intended to be called Murray Bridge , the Big Dam Bridge in Arkansas spans the Arkansas River and Murray Lock and Dam between Little Rock and North Little Rock and is open only to pedestrian and bicycle traffic .
The Belle Isle Aquarium is a public aquarium located in Belle Isle Park in Detroit , Michigan .
Scajaquada Creek ( /skəˈdʒɑːkwədə/ skə - JAH - kwə - də ) is a stream in Erie County , New York , USA .
Reginów ( rɛˈɡinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sępichów ( sɛmˈpixuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Hemingbrough is a small village and civil parish in the Selby district of North Yorkshire , England that is located approximately 5 miles ( 8 km ) from Selby and 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) from Howden on the A63 .
Voglarji ( pronounced ( ˈʋoːɡlaɾji ) ; Italian : Carbonari ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia .
Garrison Engineering Center , Borujerd ( Persian : پادگان مركز مهندسي بروجرد‎ ) is a factory and village in Shirvan Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Northeastern Regional Airport ( IATA : EDE , ICAO : KEDE , FAA LID : EDE ) is a public use airport in Chowan County , North Carolina , United States .
WDAQ ( 98.3 FM ) , `` 98Q '' ) is a Hot AC station licensed to Danbury , Connecticut and serving the immediate Danbury area .
The Parkdale Baptist Church ( also known as First Baptist Missionary Church of Parkdale ) is a historic Baptist church building at 137 Bride Street in Parkdale , Arkansas .
Muckaty Station , also known as Warlmanpa , is a 2,380-square - kilometre ( 920 sq mi ) Aboriginal freehold landholding in Australia 's Northern Territory , 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) north of Tennant Creek , and approximately 800 kilometres ( 500 mi ) south of Darwin .
Ruma ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рума ) is a town and municipality located in Vojvodina , Serbia at 45.00 ° N 19.83 ° E. In 2011 the town had a total population of 30,076 , while Ruma municipality had a population of 54,339 .
Gromoty ( ɡrɔˈmɔtɨ ) ( German : Gramten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Siab - e Darvish ( Persian : سيابدرويش‎ , also Romanized as Sīāb - e Darvīsh ; also known as Sīāb and Sīyāb ) is a village in Gachi Rural District , Gachi District , Malekshahi County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Paddington is an area within the City of Westminster , in central London .
Primošten ( pronounced ( prǐmɔʃtɛn ) ; Italian : Capocesto ) is a town in Croatia , and a part of the Šibenik - Knin County .
Bracholin ( braˈxɔlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Perry Meridian High School is a high school on 400 W. Meridian School Road in Indianapolis , Indiana , 46217 , on the far southside of Indianapolis .
The Allen Memorial Art Museum ( abbreviated ' AMAM ' ) is located in Oberlin , Ohio and is run by Oberlin College .
Tour Les Poissons is a 42-storey , 129.5 m ( 425 ft ) skyscraper completed in 1970 in Courbevoie , near La Défense business district , west of Paris , France .
Lubiejki ( luˈbjɛi̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejczyce , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Luxor Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة الأقصر‎‎ ) has been one of Egypt 's governorates since 7 December 2009 , when Hosni Mubarak announced its separation from Qena Governorate .
Langeraar is a village in the community of Nieuwkoop , which is located in the Nederlandse province of Zuid - Holland .
The Bennett - McBride House is a house in the Central neighborhood of Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States .
Redinger Dam ( National ID # CA00440 ; also known as Big Creek Dam Number 7 ) is a dam in Fresno County , California .
Ormiscaig ( Scottish Gaelic : Ormasgaig ) is a remote crofting village on the north east shore of Loch Ewe in Achnasheen , Ross - shire , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
Middle Cascade Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is to the north of Spider Mountain and east of Mount Formidable .
Arminghall is a small village in the English county of Norfolk , around three miles ( five kilometres ) southeast of Norwich in the parish of Bixley .
Bretton Woods Mountain Resort is a ski area located in Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , across from the Mount Washington Hotel .
Omm ol Azam ( Persian : ام العظام‎ , also Romanized as Omm ol ʿAẓām ) is a village in Veys Rural District , Veys District , Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vake Park ( Georgian : ვაკის პარკი ) is a public park in Tbilisi .
West Dunbartonshire ( Scots : Wast Dunbartanshire ; Scottish Gaelic : Siorrachd Dhùn Bhreatainn an Iar , pronounced ( ʃirˠəxk ɣumˈpɾʲɛʰt̪ɪɲ ə ɲiəɾ ) ) is one of the 32 local government council areas of Scotland .
Karen Woodbury Gallery opened in 2004 at 4 Albert Street , Richmond , Victoria , Australia by Gallery Director Karen Woodbury .
Turon National Park is located along a section of the Turon River in central New South Wales , Australia .
Fort Walton Beach High School is a secondary school located in the center of Fort Walton Beach , Florida .
Trefeglwys is a village in north Powys , Mid Wales , within the traditional county of Montgomeryshire .
The Riverdale Jewish Center is an Orthodox synagogue in the Riverdale neighborhood of the Bronx , New York City .
Panbride is a village and civil parish in the council area of Angus , Scotland .
Viranşehir ( Kurdish : Wêranşar‎ ) is a market town serving a cotton - growing area of Şanlıurfa Province , in southeastern Turkey , 93 km east of Şanlıurfa city and 53 km north - west of the Syrian border at Ceylanpınar .
Hajji Bazar ( Persian : حاجي بازار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bāzār and Ḩājī Bāzār ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pietrusza Wola ( pʲɛˈtruʂa ˈvɔla ) ( Ukrainian : Петруша Воля , Petrusha Volia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojaszówka , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Arzefun ( Persian : ارزفون‎ , also Romanized as Arzefūn and Arzfūn ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Holy Family Church , School , and Rectory is a historic church at Kimball and Davison Sts . , E. 2nd and E. 3rd Avenues in Mitchell , South Dakota .
The Admiral Digby Museum is a museum located in Digby , Nova Scotia exploring the history of Digby the surrounding communities of Digby County .
Chahar Darreh ( Persian : چهاردره‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Darreh ; also known as Chahār Darreh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sedij ( Persian : سديج‎ , also Romanized as Sedīj and Sadīj ; also known as Sādaich , Sādeych , Sadīch , Sādovīj , and Sedīch ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Hărman ( German : Honigberg ; Hungarian : Szászhermány ) is a commune in Braşov County , Romania .
The Elfin Forest Natural Area is a nature preserve protecting a unique plant community in Los Osos - Baywood Park , San Luis Obispo County , central California .
Anglin Bay is a small bay on the western shore of the Cataraqui River at Kingston , Ontario .
Bluefield College is a small , Christian liberal arts college in Bluefield , Virginia , United States .
The J.H.C. Petersen 's Sons ' Store also known as the Redstone Building , is a historic structure in Davenport , Iowa , United States .
251 Menlove Avenue in Liverpool , England , named Mendips , is the childhood home of John Lennon , singer and songwriter with The Beatles .
Ayenehlu ( Persian : اينه لو‎ , also Romanized as Āyenehlū and Ainaloo ) is a village in Minjavan - e Gharbi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Lovejoy and Merrill - Nowlan Houses are located in the Courthouse Hill Historic District in Janesville , Wisconsin .
Akbarabad - e Mostowfi ( Persian : اكبرابادمستوفي‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Mostowfī ; also known as Akbarābād ) is a village in Borj - e Akram Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Spark Bridge is a former mill village in Cumbria , England sited within the Lake District national park .
Abbotts Ann is a village in the parish of the same name , approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south - west of Andover , Hampshire , England .
The Carré Marigny ( `` Marigny Square '' ) , in the 8th arrondissement of Paris , is the site of an open - air market where postage stamps are bought and sold by hobbyists and serious philatelists .
The Louis and Judith Miller Introduction to Judaism Program is an educational institute based at the American Jewish University in Bel Air , Los Angeles , California .
Rogowo - Kolonia ( rɔˈɡɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lapar Ali Baba Mohammadi ( Persian : لپرعلي بابامحمدي‎ , also Romanized as Lapar ʿAlī Bābā Moḩammadī ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mroczkówki ( mrɔt͡ʂˈkufkʲi ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Keriya Town or Mugala Town is a town in Keriya ( Yutian ) County , Xinjiang , China , on the old Southern Silk Road .
The Long Beach Museum of Art is a museum located on Ocean Boulevard in the Bluff Park neighborhood of Long Beach , California , United States .
The Museum of Jurassic Technology is a museum located at 9341 Venice Boulevard in the Palms district of Los Angeles , California ( although it has a postal address of Culver City because it is served by that city 's post office ) .
Sar Khoshki ( Persian : سرخشكي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Khoshkī ; also known as Khoshk , Khoshkī , Khūshg , and Khushki ) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh - ye Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gray Wolf Pass is a mountain pass in the Olympic Mountains in the state of Washington .
Koehn Lake is a dry lake , and seasonally endorheic lake , in the Fremont Valley of the Mojave Desert , in eastern Kern County , California .
MoMA PS1 is one of the largest art institutions in the United States dedicated solely to contemporary art . It is located in the Long Island City neighborhood in the borough of Queens , New York City .
Dr. Juan Sanchez Acevedo Coliseum is an arena in Moca , Puerto Rico .
Tehmasabi ( Persian : طهماسبي‎‎ , also Romanized as Tehmāsabī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Abad Khureh ( Persian : ابادخوره‎ , also Romanized as Ābād Kūreh and Ābād Khurreh ; also known as Ābād Khoreh and Ābād Khorreh ) is a village in Band - e Amir Rural District , Zarqan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Jakobstad ( Finnish : Pietarsaari ) is a town and municipality in Ostrobothnia , Finland .
The Margaret I. King Library consisted of three contiguous buildings at the University of Kentucky .
Kraszewo - Gaczułty ( kraˈʂɛvɔ ɡaˈt͡ʂuu̯tɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Green Springs National Historic Landmark District is a national historic district in Louisa County , Virginia noted for its concentration of fine rural manor houses and related buildings in an intact agricultural landscape .
Gushlu ( Persian : گوشلو‎ , also Romanized as Gūshlū ; also known as Kūshlū ) is a village in Savalan Rural District , in the Central District of Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dixon Springs State Park is an Illinois state park in Pope County , Illinois , USA , and is one of several state parks in the Illinois Shawnee Hills .
Maqtu - e Vosta ( Persian : مقطوع وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Maqţū``-e Vostá ; also known as Maqţū``-e Mīānī ) is a village in Jarahi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 45 , in 8 families .
Dengfeng ( Chinese : 登封 ; pinyin : Dēngfēng ; postal : Tengfeng ) is a county - level city in Zhengzhou , Henan Province , China .
The Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes y Literatura ( INBAL , Spanish : National Institute of Fine Arts and Literature ) , located in the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City , is the national Mexican institute of fine arts and literature , founded on December 31 , 1946 .
Barqyu ( Persian : برقيو‎ , also Romanized as Barqyū ) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Arbeca is a village in the comarca of Les Garrigues , in the province of Lleida , in Catalonia , Spain .
WZHF is a Russian News formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Arlington , Virginia , serving Metro Washington , D.C. WZHF is owned and operated by Way Broadcasting .
Camp Mackall is an active U.S. Army training facility located in eastern Richmond County and northern Scotland County , North Carolina , south of the town of Southern Pines .
Enterprise Square Five ( Traditional Chinese : 企業廣場五期 ) is a shopping mall and office building complex in Kowloon Bay , Hong Kong .
Dösjebro is a locality situated in Kävlinge Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 858 inhabitants in 2010 .
Neosho State Fishing Lake , also known as Lake McKinley is located in the state of Kansas .
Khalteh ( Persian : خلطه‎ , also Romanized as Khalţeh , and Khelţeh ; also known as Khalīfeh - ye Qadīm , Khalīteh , Khaltak , and Khalte ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Wentworth Valley is a valley in the Cobequid Hills of northwestern Nova Scotia , Canada .
Bitra ( Malayalam : ബിത്ര ) , also known as Bitrā Par , is a coral atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep in India .
Pięczkowo ( pjɛnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Torre Cepsa ( renamed in June 2014 , before was Torre Bankia ) ( English : Cepsa Tower ) is a skyscraper located in the Cuatro Torres Business Area in Madrid , Spain .
Sule Skerry is a remote skerry in the North Atlantic off the north coast of Scotland .
Ripak - e Abdok ( Persian : ريپك عبدك‎ , also Romanized as Rīpak - e ʿAbdok ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
East Quantoxhead is a village in West Somerset , 3 miles ( 5 km ) from West Quantoxhead , 4 miles ( 6 km ) east of Williton , and 13 miles ( 21 km ) west of Bridgwater , within the Quantock Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in Somerset , England .
The Graystone Lodge , also known as Hoskins - Guidice House , is a historic structure located at Bel Air , Harford County , Maryland , United States .
Estádio de Los Larios is a football stadium located in Xerém , a district of Duque de Caxias , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Great Shefford ( or West Shefford ) is a village and civil parish on the River Lambourn in West Berkshire , England .
Black Tooth Mountain ( 13,009 feet or 3,965 metres ) is located in the Bighorn Mountains in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Grover Island is an island located near the mouth of Crooked River in Camden County , Georgia .
The Griswold Inn , located in Essex , Connecticut , is the oldest continuously run tavern in the United States of America .
Rud Sarab ( Persian : رودسراب‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūd Sarāb ) is a village in Tabas Rural District , in the Central District of Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
KTIA - FM ( 99.3 FM ) is a commercial radio station that serves the Central Iowa area .
The Clark County Heritage Center is a Romanesque architecture - style building in central Springfield , Ohio , United States .
San Andrés Tenejapan is a municipality located in the montane central zone of the State of Veracruz , about 85 km from state capital Xalapa .
The Iron Horse Music Hall is a music venue located in Northampton , Massachusetts , west of Boston and north of Springfield , Massachusetts .
Kalateh - ye Payeh ( Persian : كلاته پايه‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Pāyeh ; also known as Pāyeh ) is a village in Golmakan Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Windsor Raceway was a standardbred harness racing track located in Windsor , Ontario .
Little Laver is a village and a civil parish in the Epping Forest district , in the county of Essex , England .
Plover Cove Reservoir ( Chinese : 船灣淡水湖 , Cantonese Pingyam : Syun4 Waan1 Taam2 Soeyu2 Wu4 ) , located within Plover Cove Country Park , in the northeastern New Territories , is the largest reservoir in Hong Kong in terms of area , and the second - largest in terms of volume .
The Shorter Mansion is an Classical Revival - style historic house museum in Eufaula , Alabama .
The City of Matlosana ( formerly City Council of Klerksdorp ) is a local municipality in Dr Kenneth Kaunda District Municipality , North West Province , South Africa .
Machowino ( maxɔˈvinɔ ) ( German : Groß Machmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cowan Lake Sailing Association ( CLSA ) is a yacht club based at the Cowan Lake State Park in Clinton County , Ohio The club is primarily devoted to one - design racing in the following classes :
Stodółki ( stɔˈduu̯ki ) ( German : Waldscheunen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Abu Yeleyel ( Persian : ابويليل‎ , also Romanized as Abū Yeleyel , Abū Yelayyel , and Abū Yelyel ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mae Hoi Ngoen ( Thai : แม่ฮ้อยเงิน ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Doi Saket District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Taojiang County ( simplified Chinese : 桃江县 ; traditional Chinese : 桃江縣 ; pinyin : Táojiāng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Yiyang , Hunan province , China .
Hatchford is a hamlet in the English county of Surrey outside the town of Cobham ( its former civil and ecclesiastical parish ) ; it traditionally includes the contiguous hamlet of Pointers Green .
Aston Botterell is a village and small civil parish in the county of Shropshire , West Midlands , England .
Tione di Trento ( German : Taun , Teyen or Tillen ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Trento .
Glanmire ( Irish : Gleann Maghair ) is a town in the civil parish of Rathcooney in County Cork , Ireland .
Pay - ye Tal ( Persian : پاي تل‎ , also Romanized as Pāy - ye Tal ; also known as Pā - ye Tal ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gand Mazar Ruj ( Persian : گندمزارروج‎ , also Romanized as Gand Mazār Rūj ) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Arab Laleh Gun ( Persian : عرب لاله گون‎ , also Romanized as `` Arab Lāleh Gūn ) is a village in Golidagh Rural District , Golidagh District , Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 618 , in 126 families .
Sandy Bay Road is a road in Tasmania that connects the southeastern edge of the Hobart CBD with the southeastern suburb of Taroona .
Masshouse is a site within Birmingham , United Kingdom under development with the construction of 13 new highrise blocks intended for public services , commerce and residential purposes .
Tomzardan ( Persian : تم زردان‎ , also Romanized as Tomzardān ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tal Badam ( Persian : تل بادام‎ , also Romanized as Tal Bādām ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Mesa Arts Center is a performing and visual arts complex in downtown Mesa , Arizona .
Ki Dar - e Bala ( Persian : كيدر بالا‎ , also Romanized as Kī Dar - e Bālā ; also known as Kī Dar and Kīdar ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
WMGG ( 1470 AM , `` Noti America 1470 AM '' ) is a talk radio station in the Tampa Bay area of Florida .
Kavanaj ( Persian : كوانج‎ , also Romanized as Kavānaj and Kavānej ; also known as Govānech , Kavāneh , and Kawāna ) is a village in Pirsalman Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Chajew ( ˈxajɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brąszewice , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dehban ( Persian : دهبان‎ , also Romanized as Dehbān ) is a village in chahvarz District , in the Central District of Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
West Frankfort City Hall , located at 108 N. Emma St. , is the former city hall of West Frankfort , Illinois .
Baierbrunn is a municipality in the district of Munich in the south - German state Bavaria .
Baldia Town ( Sindhi : بلدیا ٽائون ‎ Urdu : بلدیہ ٹاؤن ‎ ) is a town located in the western part of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan with a population of more than 400,000 at the 1998 census .
Ralph B. Clark Regional Park is an urban park located primarily in Buena Park , California south of Rosecrans Avenue at the southern edge of the West Coyote Hills .
Okrugla ( Serbian : Округла ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Miłonowice ( miwɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Eastern District High School is a defunct high school in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , New York , originally located at Driggs Avenue and South 3rd Street , then 227 Marcy Avenue , and finally 850 Grand Street .
Yopps Green is a hamlet in the Sevenoaks District , in the county of Kent , England .
Pieszyce ( pʲɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Peterswaldau ) is a town in Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Podborek ( pɔdˈbɔrɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytwiany , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Akbarabad - e Hejri ( Persian : اكبراباد هجري‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Hejrī ; also known as Akbarābād and Akbarābād - e Hūjī ) is a village in Azadegan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Eltham Manor is a historic estate located near Bassett , Henry County , Virginia .
Bolegorzyn ( bɔlɛˈɡɔʐɨn ) ( German : Gut Bulgrin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sarkontkan ( Persian : سركنتكان‎ , also Romanized as Sarkontkān ; also known as Sarkontān ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Llanfoist ( Welsh : Llan - ffwyst ) is a village , near Abergavenny , in Monmouthshire , Wales .
Wet'n'Wild Sydney is a water park in Prospect , New South Wales , Australia , that opened on 12 December 2013 .
Uttoxeter ( i / juːˈtɒksᵻtər/ or sometimes locally uh - CHET - ər ) is a market town in Staffordshire , England .
Achim ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaxɪm ) ) is a municipality and the largest town ( population 30.059 ( December 2006 ) ) in the district of Verden , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Downtown Independent is a theater and cinema located in the Little Tokyo area of Los Angeles , California .
Lazarevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазарево ) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality , in the Central Banat District of Serbia .
Milewo - Gawary ( miˈlɛvɔ ɡaˈvarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Camp Kilmer , New Jersey is a former United States Army camp that was activated in June 1942 as a staging area and part of an installation of the New York Port of Embarkation .
Beilun Gymnasium ( Chinese : 北仑区体艺中心 ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Ningbo , China .
The Plenty Highway is a 498 kilometre outback mostly unsealed road in the Northern Territory between the Stuart Highway and north - western Queensland .
Bruszewo ( bruˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Norumbega Park was a recreation area and amusement park located in `` Auburndale - on - the - Charles '' near Boston , Massachusetts .
Sarhani ( Persian : سرحاني‎ , also Romanized as Sarḩānī ; also known as Sarjānī and Sarkhānī ) is a village in Meydavud Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wäinö Aaltonen Museum of Art ( Finnish : Wäinö Aaltosen museo , Swedish : Wäinö Aaltonens museum ) or WAM for short , is an art museum in central Turku , Finland dedicated especially to modern art . The museum is located on the east bank of the Aura River .
Milmoral , also known as the H.G. Fetterolf House , John & Elizabeth Eagleson House and Ruth Nissen House , is a historic home located at Cheltenham Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
The Union Fair is an agricultural fair in Union , Maine .
Lomas del Mirador is a locality of the La Matanza Partido in Greater Buenos Aires .
Fall River Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CFR3 ) is located 1.3 nautical miles ( 2.4 km ; 1.5 mi ) south of Fall River , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Great Brickhill is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district , Buckinghamshire , England .
Perdido Key , Florida is an unincorporated community in Escambia County , Florida , United States , between Pensacola , Florida and Orange Beach , Alabama .
Tarrington is a small village in Herefordshire , England located half way between Ledbury and Hereford on the A438 road .
Kwun Tong Ferry Bus Terminus is a major bus terminus in Hong Kong , and also the largest bus terminus in Kowloon .
Zama City is a hamlet in northwestern Alberta , Canada within Mackenzie County .
WMLV ( 89.7 MHz FM ) , branded as `` K - Love '' , is a contemporary Christian - formatted radio station in Miami , Florida , owned by Educational Media Foundation .
Lake Elmo Airport ( FAA LID : 21D ) is a public airport located just outside the city of Lake Elmo in Washington County , Minnesota , about 12 miles east of the central business district ( CBD ) of St. Paul .
Iiolonioro is a village and seat of the Iolonioro Department of Bougouriba Province in south - western Burkina Faso .
Leiston is a town in eastern Suffolk , England .
Qul Hajji ( Persian : قول حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Qūl Ḩājjī ; also known as Qolhaji ) is a village in Fajr Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Afkan ( Persian : افكان‎ , also Romanized as Afkān ) is a village in Jazin Rural District , in the Central District of Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mhowgaon ( i// ) is a Nagar Panchayat under Sub Division Mhow in Indore district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Gorliczyna - Szewnia ( ɡɔrlʲiˈt͡ʂɨna ˈʂɛvɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk , within Przeworsk County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Victoriaville is the seat of Arthabaska Regional County Municipality and a part of the Centre - du - Québec ( Bois - Francs ) region .
Buglowiec ( buˈɡlɔvjɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomia , within Wodzisław County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Palace of Monimail , also known as Monimail Tower , was a Renaissance palace in Fife , Scotland .
CFOB - FM is an Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fort Frances , Ontario , Canada , serving the Rainy River District , Ontario in Canada and Koochiching County , Minnesota in the United States .
His Majesty 's Theatre in Aberdeen is the largest theatre in north - east Scotland , seating more than 1,400 .
Bindoy ( formerly Payabon ) is a third class municipality in the province of Negros Oriental , Philippines .
Qaleh - ye Now - e Fashapuyeh ( Persian : قلعه نوفشاپويه‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Now - e Fashāpūyeh ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , Fashapuyeh District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 386 , in 94 families .
Qanli Bolagh ( Persian : قانلي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Qānlī Bolāgh and Qānlū Bolāgh ) is a village in Eypak Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Marienau Charterhouse ( Kartause Marienau ) is a Carthusian monastery , or charterhouse , the successor to the Maria Hain Charterhouse in Düsseldorf , located since 1964 near Bad Wurzach , district of Ravensburg in Baden - Württemberg .
Wetherby Racecourse is a racecourse situated near the market town of Wetherby in West Yorkshire , England , located 12 miles ( 19 km ) from Leeds city centre .
Łeszczyn ( ˈwɛʂt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Jaguarão ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒaɡwaɾˈɐ̃w̃ ) ) is a municipality in the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul located on the shores of the Jaguarão River , bordering Uruguay , and a short distance inland from the Mirim Lagoon .
Draminek ( draˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Suncook Lakes are a pair of lakes located in Belknap County in central New Hampshire , United States , in the town of Barnstead .
Tonetta Lake ( also known as Lake Tonetta ) is a freshwater lake located in the town of Southeast , New York , north of the village of Brewster .
Idźki - Wykno ( ˈit͡ɕki ˈvɨknɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Połymie ( pɔˈwɨmjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Urzejowice ( uʐɛjɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Ужейовичі , Uzheyovychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworsk , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Lirui - ye Sofla ( Persian : ليروي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Līrūī - ye Soflá ; also known as Līrū and Līrū Zavāl ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bystrzanów ( bɨsˈtʂanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hildesheimer Straße is a main road in Hanover and the neighbouring town of Laatzen , Germany .
The Sentinel Range Wilderness Area , an Adirondack Park unit of New York 's Forest Preserve , is located in the towns of Wilmington , North Elba and Keene , Essex County .
Pissouri 's administrative area is the third biggest in Limassol District .
Saifabad is one of the major suburbs in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Young Round Barn is a historic round barn at Greene in Chenango County , New York .
Thathawata ( Hindi : ठठावता , IAST : Ṭhaṭhāwatā ) is a village located in Churu District of Rajasthan state in India .
Varchak ( Persian : ورچك‎ ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Now Jub ( Persian : نوجوب‎ , also Romanized as Now Jūb ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
St Pancras railway station ( /seɪnt ˈpæŋkrəs/ or /sənt ˈpæŋkrəs/ ) , also known as London St Pancras and since 2007 as St Pancras International , is a central London railway terminus and Grade I listed building located on Euston Road in the London Borough of Camden .
Tazehabad - e Pasikhan ( Persian : تازه ابادپسيخان‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Pasīkhān ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
It is located at the Nederrijn , in the area between Arnhem and Nijmegen Huissen is part of the municipality of Lingewaard .
WFFX ( 103.7 FM , `` 103.7 The Fox '' ) is an active rock music formatted radio station licensed to Hattiesburg , Mississippi , serving the Laurel - Hattiesburg Arbitron market .
The Argo Gold Mine and Mill is a former mining and milling property consisting of a gold mine and gold mill in Idaho Springs , Colorado , built at the entrance of the Argo Tunnel .
Lernerville Speedway is a 4/10 mile dirt oval automobile race track located in Sarver , Pennsylvania , USA .
Witton Castle is a much - altered 15th - century castle , which is the centrepiece of a holiday and caravan country park at Witton le Wear , near Bishop Auckland , County Durham .
Shurzeh ( Persian : شورزه‎ , also Romanized as Shūrzeh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Batowo ( baˈtɔvɔ ) ( German : Batow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Chentrappinni is small village in the district of Thrissur , Kerala , India .
Vahed ( Persian : واحد‎ , also Romanized as Vāḩed ) is a village in Kelardasht - e Sharqi Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The James P. Hidley Cottage is a small Carpenter Gothic house in western Butler County , Ohio , United States .
Komodzianka ( kɔmɔˈd͡ʑanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frampol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Woodbourne Forest and Wildlife Preserve is a protected area managed by The Nature Conservancy covering 648 acres ( 262 ha ) in northeastern Pennsylvania .
Lubania - Lipiny ( luˈbaɲa liˈpinɨ ) ( German : Liedkesfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Skowroda Północna ( skɔˈvrɔda puu̯ˈnɔt͡sna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ayacucho Partido is a partido in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
The Castle , Newcastle is a medieval fortification in Newcastle upon Tyne , England , built on the site of the fortress which gave the City of Newcastle its name .
Dushu Lake ( Chinese : 独墅湖 ) is a fresh water lake located in southern part of Suzhou Industrial Park , with an area of about 11.52 square kilometers .
Simpson Street School is a historic school complex located at Mechanicsburg in Cumberland County , Pennsylvania .
Quincy City Hall is the seat of government for the City of Quincy , Massachusetts .
Bishop Kenny High School ( commonly referred to as Bishop Kenny or BKHS ) is a private , college - preparatory , coeducational Catholic high school in Jacksonville , Florida .
The Rambagh Palace in Jaipur , Rajasthan is the former residence of the Maharaja of Jaipur and now a hotel , located 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) outside the walls of the city of Jaipur on Bhawani Singh Road .
Down Ampney is a medium - sized village located in Cotswold district in Gloucestershire , in England .
Inzhich - Chukun ( Russian : Инжич-Чукун ; Abaza : Йынджьыгь-Чӏкӏвын ) is a rural locality ( an aul ) and the administrative center of Abazinsky District in the Karachay - Cherkess Republic , Russia , located on the banks of the Maly Zelenchuk River .
KKJC - LP ( 93.5 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious Talk format licensed to McMinnville , Oregon , USA .
Tarrant Crawford is a small village and civil parish at the end of the Tarrant Valley in Dorset , England .
Belladère ( Haitian Creole : Beladè ) is a commune in the Lascahobas Arrondissement , inside the Centre Department of Haiti .
St. John 's Metropolitan Community Church is a Christian church catering to the LGBT ( Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender ) population in Raleigh , North Carolina , United States .
Gangzha District ( simplified Chinese : 港闸区 ; traditional Chinese : 港閘區 ; pinyin : Gǎngzhá Qū ) is one of three urban districts of Nantong , Jiangsu province , China .
Chah Karmak ( Persian : چاه كرمك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Karmak ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Molla Sarab ( Persian : ملاسراب‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Sarāb ) is a village in Gavdul - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Spaldington is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , lying approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) north from the market town of Howden and to the west of the A614 road .
KHFM is an FM radio station based in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States of America .
Westley Waterless is a small village and civil parish in East Cambridgeshire , England , 5 miles south west of Newmarket .
Sułów - Kolonia ( ˈsuwuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Newnan Times - Herald , locally known as The Times - Herald , is a newspaper published in Newnan , Georgia .
Francistown is the second largest city in Botswana , with a population of about 100,079 and 150,800 inhabitants for its agglomeration at the 2011 census .
Athclare Castle ( or archaically Aclare ) is a Tudor tower house in the Dunleer area of County Louth in Ireland .
Taiaro , or Maro - taua , is a small atoll in the west of the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia .
Budawang National Park is a national park in New South Wales , Australia , located approximately 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) southwest of Sydney and 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Batemans Bay .
WYXE ( 1130 AM , `` Radio Vida 1130 '' ) is a religious radio station broadcasting in Spanish from Gallatin , Tennessee .
Rębkowo ( rɛmpˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Do Joft ( Persian : دوجفت‎ ) is a village in Zalian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Little Salkeld is a small village within the Eden district of Cumbria , England , a few miles to the north east of Penrith and within the parish of Hunsonby .
Unity Temple is a Unitarian Universalist church in Oak Park , Illinois , and the home of the Unity Temple Unitarian Universalist Congregation .
Golujeh - ye Molla Lar ( Persian : گلوجه مالالار‎ , also Romanized as Golūjeh - ye Mollā Lār ; also known as Kalījeh ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
CKHL - FM is a Canadian radio station , that broadcasts a country music format branded as YL Country at 102.1 FM in High Level , Alberta , Canada .
110 Tower , formerly known as AutoNation Tower , is a 410.1 feet ( 125.0 m ) modernist office building in downtown Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Shangri - La Plaza ( colloquially called as Shang ) is a large , upscale - luxury shopping mall located in Ortigas Center , Mandaluyong , Philippines .
Surf Stadium is a 5,500-seat baseball stadium in Atlantic City , New Jersey that opened in 1998 and has been mostly closed since 2009 , although some renovation was performed in 2011 and 2012 .
Sedalia Regional Airport ( IATA : DMO , ICAO : KDMO , FAA LID : DMO ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) east of the central business district of Sedalia , a city in Pettis County , Missouri , United States .
Whale Oil Row consists of a row of four nearly identical high quality Greek Revival houses at 105 - 119 Huntington Street in New London , Connecticut .
Szczkówek ( ˈʂt͡ʂkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Cheshmeh Buria ( Persian : چشمه بوريا‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Būrīā ; also known as Būrīā , Būreyā , and Būrīyān ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
BC Place is a multi - purpose stadium located at the north side of False Creek , in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Lower Little Swatara Creek is a tributary of Swatara Creek in southern Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania , US .
St Mawgan in Pydar ( Cornish : Lanherne ) is a civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
William Stolte Sr . House is a historic late 19th - century house in Reedsburg , Wisconsin .
Ystrad Einion or Ystrad - Einion is a small village in the community of Ysgubor - y - coed , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 78.7 miles ( 126.7 km ) from Cardiff and 175.4 miles ( 282.2 km ) from London .
Bashman ( Persian : بشمن‎ , also Romanized as Bashm and Beshm ; also known as Bashan ) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar - e Anzali County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Delta Amacuro State ( Spanish : Estado Delta Amacuro , IPA : ( esˈtaðo ˈðelta amaˈkuɾo ) ) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela , and is the location of the Orinoco Delta .
Tortorici ( Sicilian : Turturici ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east of Palermo and about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) west of Messina .
Kerman Province ( Persian : استان کرمان‎‎ , Ostān - e Kermān ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
Olaballari also known as Valaballari ( Kannada : ಒಳಬಳ್ಳಾರಿ ಅಥವಾ ವಳಬಳ್ಳಾರಿ ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in Karnataka state , India .
The Musée du Parfum , also known as the Fragonard Musée du Parfum , is a French private museum of perfume located at 9 rue Scribe , in the 9th arrondissement of Paris .
On Prospect Park is a condominium in Brooklyn , New York City , designed by the noted architect Richard Meier .
Guanbei ( Chinese : 官陂 ; pinyin : Guānbēi ) is a town of Zhao'an County in southernmost Fujian province , China , near the border with Guangdong and 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north - northwest of the county seat .
O'Sullivan Dam ( National ID # WA00268 ) , one of the largest earthfill dams in the United States ( 200 ft/61 m high ; 19,000 ft/5,791 m long ; completed 1949 ) , is on Crab Creek in the U.S. state of Washington , about 45 km south of Ephrata and 25 km south of Moses Lake .
John C. Boyle Reservoir is an artificial impoundment behind John C. Boyle Dam on the Klamath River in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Gorayk ( Armenian : Գորայք , also Romanized as Gorayk '' ; formerly , Bazarchay ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Atessa ( Italian pronunciation : ( aˈtɛssa ) ) is a town in Abruzzo , Italy , administratively part of the Province of Chieti .
Fallersleben is a district in the City of Wolfsburg , Lower Saxony , Germany , with a population of 11,269 ( as of 2010 ) .
Grintovec pri Osilnici ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾiːntɔʋəts pɾi ɔˈsiːu̯nitsi ) ; German : Grintouz ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia .
Clontarf Road railway station ( Irish : Bóthar Chluain Tarbh ) is a railway station in Dublin , Ireland , on the DART commuter rail line .
Dasht - e Asad ( Persian : دشت اسد‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Āsad ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Cervelló is a municipality of the Baix Llobregat in Catalonia , Spain .
Kern River Golf Course is a public golf course located in Kern River County Park along the Kern River just north of Bakersfield , California .
Belgrade and St. David 's Church , also known as Pettigrew 's Chapel , is a historic Episcopal church and home located at Creswell , Washington County , North Carolina .
Pennukkara is a small village situated 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) from Chengannur in Alappuzha district , Kerala , India .
Osiczyna ( ɔɕiˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Brough Castle is a ruined castle in the village of Brough , Cumbria , England .
Memphis Theological Seminary is an ecumenical theological seminary located in Midtown , Memphis , Tennessee .
Yuba County Airport ( IATA : MYV , ICAO : KMYV , FAA LID : MYV ) is a county owned airport in Yuba County , California , three miles southeast of Marysville , California .
The Walton Centre , formerly known as the Walton Centre for Neurology and Neurosurgery , is a major neurology hospital located in the suburb of Fazakerley ; in the city of Liverpool , England .
WTIG is an AM radio station in Massillon , Ohio operating on 990 kHz and featuring sports talk programming from ESPN Radio .
The Malmsbury Viaduct is a large brick and stone masonry arch bridge over the Coliban River at Malmsbury on the Bendigo Railway in Victoria Australia .
Dve Mogili Municipality ( Bulgarian : Две могили ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Ruse Province , Central - North Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain , about 15 km southeast of Danube river .
The Whittenton Fire and Police Station is a historic fire station and police station located on Bay Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Skittle Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Bledlow - cum - Saunderton in the county of Buckinghamshire , England .
Poshtrood , Zahedan ( Persian : پشت رود‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Roxie Theater is a movie theater at 3117 16th Street in the Mission District of San Francisco built in 1909 .
West Nipissing is a municipality in Northeastern Ontario , Canada , on Lake Nipissing in the Nipissing District .
Honud ( Persian : هنود‎ , also Romanized as Honūd ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Jacinki ( jaˈt͡ɕinki ) ( German Jatzingen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Mountain Parkway Byway is a state - designated scenic byway in northern Webster County , West Virginia .
Twin Groves Wind Farm is a wind farm in the U.S. state of Illinois , near the villages of Arrowsmith , Saybrook , and Ellsworth in McLean County .
Upsall is a hamlet in and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England .
Kington Magna is a village and civil parish in the Blackmore Vale in the English county of Dorset , situated about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) south - west of the town of Gillingham , in the North Dorset administrative district .
The Sackville railway station is an inter - city railway station in the town of Sackville , New Brunswick .
Hajjiabad - e Shahlai ( Persian : حاجي ابادشهلائي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Shahlā’ī ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Richmond Ferry Terminal ( historically Ellis Landing ) is a former ferry terminal located in the Marina Bay neighborhood of Richmond , California .
Palisades - Dows Observatory , also known as the Eastern Iowa Observatory and Learning Center ( EIOLC ) , is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the Cedar Amateur Astronomers ( Inc ) .
Baratabad ( Persian : برات اباد‎ , also Romanized as Barātābād ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Karbalā’ī Barāt ) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Morad Beyglu ( Persian : مرادبيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Morād Beyglū ; also known as Morād Peglū , Mordā Beglū , Mūrāb , and Murād Beli ) is a village in Ramand - e Jonubi Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Trosowo ( trɔˈsɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Chorlton Park Apartments , is an award winning `` green '' apartment building in Chorlton , Manchester , England .
Sarfaryab District ( Persian : بخش سرفاریاب‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Maszty ( ˈmaʂtɨ ) ( German : Masten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marbles Kids Museum is a nonprofit children 's museum located in downtown Raleigh , North Carolina in the Moore Square Historic District .
Abu ol Folus ( Persian : ابوالفلوس‎ , also Romanized as Abū ol Folūs ; also known as Abowlfūlūs , Abū Folūs , and Abū ol Fūlūs ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Slaughterford is a small village and former civil parish about 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Chippenham , Wiltshire , in the South West of England .
Vammala was located in the southwest Pirkanmaa region , and was part of the former ( 1997 to 2010 ) province of Western Finland .
Corning Armory , since 1977 home to the Corning YMCA , is a historic National Guard armory building located at Corning in Steuben County , New York .
Clover High School is a public high school , located in Clover , South Carolina , about 27 miles ( 43 km ) from Charlotte , North Carolina .
Key Biscayne is an island located in Miami - Dade County , Florida , United States , between the Atlantic Ocean and Biscayne Bay .
Gabrestan ( Persian : گبرستان‎ , also Romanized as Gabrestān ; also known as Hejrat ) is a village in Boyer Ahmad - e Garmsiri Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Château de Pestillac is a ruined 12th century castle on a site which also includes the ruins of a church . It is located in the commune of Montcabrier in the Lot département of France .
The St. Albert Adult Learning Centre is an adult high school and continuing education facility in Greater Sudbury , Ontario , operated by the Sudbury Catholic District School Board .
Taj Maleki ( Persian : تاج ملكي‎ , also Romanized as Tāj Malekī and Tāj - e Malekī ) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District , in the Central District of Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Rathaura is a village situated on the Chhaprauli Qasimpur Kheri road ( State Highway 57 ) in Baghpat District of Uttar Pradesh in India .
Disharoon 's plantation was located in Tensas Parish , Louisiana and was used as a steamboat landing on the Mississippi River by Union Gen. Ulysses S. Grant during the American Civil War .
The Barwon Highway is one of the more obscure state highways of Queensland .
Saha District is a gu in western Busan , South Korea .
Langford Budville is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated near the River Tone 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) miles north - west of Wellington , 4.5 miles ( 7.2 km ) from Wiveliscombe and 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Tõreska is a village in Kuusalu Parish , Harju County in northeast Estonia .
Castell'Ottieri is a village in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Sorano , province of Grosseto , in the tuff area of southern Maremma .
Tazehabad - e Sepah ( Persian : تازه ابادسپاه‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Sepāh and Tāzehābād Sepāh ) is a village in Rudpey - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nipmuc Regional High School is a public high school in Upton , Massachusetts , part of the Mendon - Upton Regional School District .
Hörby Municipality ( Hörby kommun ) is a municipality in the central part of Skåne County in southern Sweden .
Choroní is a coastal locality in the far north of the municipality of Girardot , Aragua state , Venezuela .
The section of the railway line Dakar - Saint - Louis and Louga between Guéoul ( 20 km ) was opened for operation on 1 January 1885 , followed by the section between Guéoul and Kébémer ( 17 km ) in March of the same year .
Kossaki - Borowe ( kɔsˈsaki bɔˈrɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Perkuliki ( pɛrkuˈlʲikʲi ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Śmigno ( ˈɕmiɡnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisia Góra , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Parque El Mirador is a football stadium in Puebla , Puebla , Mexico ( 110 kilometres east of Mexico City ) .
Taipingxi Town ( Chinese : 太平溪镇 ; pinyin : Tàipíngxī zhèn , `` Taiping Stream Town '' ) is a town in Yiling District of Yichang Prefecture - level city of China 's Hubei Province .
The Elisabeth - Anna - Palais is a secular red - brick building in Oldenburg , Lower Saxony , Germany , located at the northeast of the Schlossgarten Oldenburg , close to the Schloss Oldenburg .
Broaryd is a locality situated in Gislaved Municipality , Jönköping County , Sweden with 271 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Narrows of the Green is a 2.9-mile ( 4.7 km ) section of the Green River , in Henderson County and Polk County , between the Big Hungry creek confluence and the Fishtop access area , in western North Carolina , United States .
Amherst - Plymouth Wildlife Management Area is a 7,061-acre ( 2,857 ha ) protected area located in Putnam County , West Virginia .
Penhoek Pass , is a mountain pass situated in the Stormberg Mountains of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Drammensveien is a street in Oslo , Norway , and a highway between the cities Oslo and Drammen .
Stanford L&N Railroad Depot , also known as Baughman 's Mill and Stanford Railroad Depot , is a historic train depot located in Stanford , Kentucky .
Chuanhui District is a district of Henan , China under the administration of Zhoukou city .
The Blackinton Houses and Park is a historic district on North Main Street in Attleboro , Massachusetts , which encompasses a park and two adjacent houses , all of which were associated with the locally prominent Blackinton family in the area 's 19th century history .
Velneshwar is a village on the Western Coast of Maharashtra , India , about 70 km from Ratnagiri .
Harmony Grove Meeting House , also known as Harmony Grove Church , is a historic church off I-79 in Harmony Grove , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Witch School is a Wiccan school offering both online courses as well as on their two campus in Chicago , Illinois and Salem , Massachusetts .
EVSC Fields is a high school soccer complex located in Evansville , Indiana near Roberts Stadium .
Bundelkhand University is a Public State University based in Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Devils Fork State Park is in northwestern South Carolina on the eastern edge of the Sumter National Forest at the edge of 7,500-acre ( 3,035 ha ) Lake Jocassee .
Belchalwell Street is a village in Dorset , England , at the foot of Bell Hill , generally included in the village of Belchalwell
John H. Kerr Dam is concrete gravity - dam located on the Roanoke River in Virginia , creating Kerr Lake .
The Whitrope Tunnel is a disused railway tunnel in the Scottish Borders , situated 12 miles ( 19 km ) south of Hawick on the Waverley Route , just close to Whitrope .
Cheshmehha - ye Pain ( Persian : چشمه هاپائين‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmehhā - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Acropolis Museum ( Greek : Μουσείο Ακρόπολης , Mouseio Akropolis ) is an archaeological museum focused on the findings of the archaeological site of the Acropolis of Athens .
Khoda Morad Heygun ( Persian : خدامرادهيگون‎ , also Romanized as Khodā Morād Heygūn ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Siedlakowice ( ɕɛdlakɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Schiedlagwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Björnhult , Grönestad and Hästebäcken ( Swedish : Björnhult , Grönestad och Hästebäcken ) is a minor locality situated in Habo Municipality in Jönköping County , Sweden .
The Miller - Leuser Log House is a historic eighteenth - century log cabin near the city of Cincinnati in Hamilton County , Ohio , United States .
GVSU Fieldhouse is a 4,100-seat indoor arena located in Allendale , Michigan , a suburb of Grand Rapids , on the campus of Grand Valley State University .
Wsola ( ˈfsɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bolpur Sriniketan ( community development block ) ( Bengali : বোলপুর শ্রীনিকেতন সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Bolpur subdivision of Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Jeknica ( jɛkˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
From the tripoint the Moselle marks the entire Saarland - Luxembourg .
The Torre de San Martín ( English : St. Martin 's Tower ) is a medieval structure in Teruel , Aragon , northern Spain .
The Horseshoe Lake Mound and Village Site is a pre - Columbian archaeological site located on the northeast shore of Horseshoe Lake in Madison County , Illinois .
Staroye Aymanovo ( Russian : Старое Айманово ; Tatar Cyrillic : Иске Айман , Latin : Iske Ayman ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Aktanyshsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located in the lower reaches of the Belaya River , near the border with the Republic of Bashkortostan .
The German Resource Center for Genome Research ( RZPD , Resourcenzentrum Primärdatenbank ) was a service center for gen and genome research in Berlin - Charlottenburg and Heidelberg .
Żukowo - Poświętne ( ʐuˈkɔvɔ pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Long Branch Dam is a dam in Macon County in northern Missouri , about eighty miles north of Columbia , Missouri .
Tag Farhad ( Persian : تگ فرهاد‎ , also Romanized as Tag Farhād ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalmangi , also spelled as Kalamangi ( Kannada : ಕಲಮಂಗಿ ) , is a village near Turvihal in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district , in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Gałęzów - Kolonia Druga ( ɡaˈwɛ̃zuf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdruɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
North Spirit Lake Airport , ( IATA : YNO , TC LID : CKQ3 ) , is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) southeast of the First Nations community of North Spirit Lake , Ontario , Canada .
Suining ( simplified Chinese : 遂宁 ; traditional Chinese : 遂寧 ; Sichuanese Pinyin : Xu4nin2 ; Sichuanese pronunciation : ( ɕy˨˦nin˨˩ ) ; pinyin : Sùiníng ; Wade -- Giles : Sui - ning ) is a prefecture - level city of eastern Sichuan province in Southwest China .
Bernisdale ( Scottish Gaelic : Beàrnasdal ) is a small township , near the head of Loch Snizort Beag , Isle of Skye in the Highlands and Islands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The Sucarnoochee River is a river in Kemper County , Mississippi and Sumter County , Alabama .
After leaving Rogers County , the Will Rogers Turnpike enters Mayes County .
Qaleh - ye Mozaffari Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قلعه مظفرئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Penwartha is a hamlet between Perranzabuloe and Perrancoombe in Cornwall , England .
King Zwelithini Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Umlazi , a suburb of Durban , South Africa .
Borsukówka ( bɔrsuˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Herff - Rozelle Farm is located in Boerne , in the county of Kendall , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Bayley - Ellard High School was a Roman Catholic secondary school in Madison , New Jersey .
The Daniel School was built in Daniel , Wyoming by contractor A.F. Atwood in 1920 .
Kielmin ( ˈkʲɛlmin ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Estadio Socum ( deriving from So - Cu - M , the short version of its full name Estadio de la Sociedad Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma ) is a football stadium in Orizaba , Veracruz , Mexico , and the home of Albinegros de Orizaba .
Pir Hajjati ( Persian : پيرحاجتي‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Ḩājjatī ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tavakkolabad - e Azadi ( Persian : توكل ابادازادي‎ , also Romanized as Tavakolābād - e Āzādī ; also known as Tavakolābād ) is a village in Baghin Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Musa Naranj ( Persian : موسي نارنج‎ , also Romanized as Mūsá Nāranj ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Usulumarru is a village in West Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , by the Godavari River .
Wat Boston Buddha Vararam ( Abbreviated BBVT ) is a Thai Theravada Buddhist Temple or Wat located in Bedford , Massachusetts .
Downtown Los Angeles is the central business district of Los Angeles , California , as well as a diverse residential neighborhood of some 50,000 people .
Tarków ( ˈtarkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Detroit Lakes Airport ( IATA : DTL , ICAO : KDTL , FAA LID : DTL ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two miles ( 3 km ) west of the central business district of Detroit Lakes , a city in Becker County , Minnesota , United States .
Eydon Hall was later owned by Colonel Henry Cartwright , member of parliament for South Northamptonshire from 1858 to 1868 , who died there in 1890 .
Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historical Park preserves two separate farm sites in LaRue County , Kentucky where Abraham Lincoln was born and lived until the age of seven .
Beacon Food Forest is a 7-acre food forest in development adjacent to Jefferson Park on Beacon Hill in Seattle , Washington in the vicinity of 15th Ave South and South Dakota .
Cicibór Mały ( t͡ɕiˈt͡ɕibur ˈmawɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Цицібір Малий , Tsytsibir Malyy ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wavendon is a village and civil parish in the south east of the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire , England .
Spencer Smith Park is a park in downtown Burlington , Ontario located on the shore of Lake Ontario .
Graceham Moravian Church and Parsonage is a historic church building and parsonage located at 8231 Rocky Ridge Road , MD 77 in Graceham , east of Thurmont , Frederick County , Maryland .
Lamk ( lamk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Czopy ( ˈt͡ʂɔpɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Gazrabi ( Persian : گزرابي‎ , also Romanized as Gazrābī ) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Losnegard is a very small village in the municipality of Solund in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Churchville Historic District is a national historic district located in Churchville , Northampton Township and Upper Southampton Township in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Ojibway Prairie Complex is a 350-hectare complex of parks and nature reserves on the west side of Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Duttapukur is a census town under Barasat I ( community development block ) of Barasat sadar subdivision in North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Bärnau is the oldest town in the district of Tirschenreuth , in Bavaria , Germany .
Saint Paul 's Church National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located at 897 South Columbus Avenue in Mount Vernon , New York , just north of the New York City borough of The Bronx .
Rzozów ( ˈʐɔzuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skawina , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Running 15.83 miles ( 25.48 km ) from Grand Avenue in Downtown Los Angeles to Ocean Avenue in the City of Santa Monica , Wilshire Boulevard is densely developed throughout most of its span , connecting five of Los Angeles 's major business districts to each other , as well as Beverly Hills .
Huai Mun ( Thai : ห้วยมุ่น ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Nam Pat District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Llanfechell ( Welsh : Llanfechell llan church + Saint Mechell ) is a village in Anglesey , North Wales , UK .
Eberly Hall is an academic building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Wola Solecka Pierwsza ( ˈvɔla sɔˈlɛt͡ska ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Richmond International Raceway ( RIR ) is a 3/4-mile ( 1.2 km ) , D - shaped , asphalt race track located just outside Richmond , Virginia in Henrico County .
Suicide Hill Ski Jump is a 90-meter ski jump located in Negaunee , Michigan , and is part of the Ishpeming Ski Club .
Xibu ( simplified Chinese : 西埔镇 ; traditional Chinese : 西埔鎮 ; pinyin : Xibù ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Sai - po͘ ) is the chief town of Dongshan County , in Zhangzhou , Fujian , China .
WKVE is an Album Oriented Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Mount Pleasant , Pennsylvania , serving the Westmoreland County area and Southwestern Pennsylvania in particular .
Skiffe 's Creek is located in James City County and the independent city of Newport News in the Virginia Peninsula area of the Hampton Roads region of southeastern Virginia in the United States .
Whitsunday Airport ( IATA : WSY , ICAO : YWHI ) is an airport located near Shute Harbour in Airlie Beach , Queensland , Australia .
KZIN - FM ( 96.7 FM , `` Wide Open Country '' ) , is a radio station licensed to serve Shelby , Montana .
Altona Municipal Airport , ( TC LID : CJL6 ) , is located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) southeast of Altona , Manitoba , Canada .
Lipinki Szlacheckie ( liˈpinki ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Deluxe Town Diner is an historic diner at 627 Mount Auburn Street in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Golabar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گلابر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Pikestan ( Persian : پيكستان‎ , also Romanized as Pīkestān ; also known as Pīskatūn ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Fine Arts Center of Greenville , SC ( The `` FAC '' ) was established in August 1974 as the first specialized arts school in the state of South Carolina .
Torrisdale Castle is a historic mansion residence , overlooking Torrisdale Bay , Argyll , south of Carradale , Kintyre , Scotland .
Farm to Market Road 400 ( FM 400 ) is a farm to market road located in Lynn , Lubbock , Hale , and Swisher counties in the Llano Estacado of Texas .
The Scots School Albury is an independent , K-12 , Uniting Church , co - educational , day and boarding School , located in the suburb North Albury of Albury , New South Wales , Australia .
Vihi is a village in Suure - Jaani Parish , Viljandi County in central Estonia , located by the Navesti River .
Ayherre ( Basque : Aiherre ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Coon Rapids High School is a high school located at 2340 Northdale Boulevard Coon Rapids , Minnesota , United States .
Sagarkan ( Persian : سگركن‎ , also Romanized as Segerkan ) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District , Gafr and Parmon District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Nam Wan Kok ( Chinese : 南灣角 ) is a cape in the southeast corner of Tsing Yi Island , Hong Kong .
Alanguiyeh ( Persian : النگوييه‎ , also Romanized as Alangū’īyeh and Olangūyeh ) is a village in Banestan Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Mayville State University ( MSU or MaSU ) is a public institution of higher learning in Mayville , North Dakota , United States , part of the North Dakota University System .
The Tallahatchie River is a river in Mississippi which flows 230 miles ( 370 km)from Tippah County , through Tallahatchie County , to Leflore County , where it joins the Yalobusha River to form the Yazoo River .
KZRZ ( 98.3 FM , `` Sunny 98.3 '' ) is a Adult Contemporary formatted radio station broadcasting in the Monroe , Louisiana , radio market .
North Rochester Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church at 289 North Avenue in Rochester , Massachusetts .
Suntalekhola or Suntaley Khola ( also Suntaleykhola ) is a small village and a tourist spot in the Darjeeling District of West Bengal .
Dzierżoniów County ( Polish : powiat dzierżoniowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
The Black Mesa and Lake Powell Railroad ( reporting mark BLKM ) is an electrified private railroad operating in Northern Arizona , USA within the Navajo Nation which transports coal 78 miles ( 126 km ) from the Peabody Energy 's Kayenta Mine near Kayenta , Arizona to the Navajo Generating Station power plant at Page , Arizona .
Pir Kashan ( Persian : پيركاشان‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Kāshān ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chulanak - e Sofla ( Persian : چولانك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chūlānak - e Soflá ; also known as Jelūnak - e Pā’īn , Chūlānak - e Pā’īn , and Chūlūnak - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Proto - Cathedral of St. Mary Byzantine Catholic Church is a parish church and proto - cathedral of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix , serving the Ruthenian Eastern Catholic population of Los Angeles , California , United States .
Mal Gasheh ( Persian : مال گشه‎‎ , also Romanized as Māl Gasheh ; also known as Posht Bāgh Pīsh ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Minnesota , USA , currently in development .
Jabhala ( Hindi:जभाला ) is a village in Assandh mandal in Karnal district of Haryana , India .
The Buocher Höhe is a wooded region and hill range up to 519.6 m above sea level ( NN ) , around the village of Buoch in the county of Rems - Murr - Kreis in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
The Paso Robles Carnegie Library is a Carnegie library located in Paso Robles City Park in Paso Robles , California .
The Roe A. and Louise R. Deal House is an historic house in Springville , Utah , United States .
Mahmudabad - e Fazl ( Persian : محمودابادفضل‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Faẕl ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Centenary Quay ( also known as Woolston Riverside ) is a new development which has commenced in the suburb of Woolston in Southampton , England .
Ådal is a valley in the municipality of Ringerike and was a former municipality in Buskerud County , Norway .
Flinders Street railway station is a railway station on the corner of Flinders and Swanston Streets in Melbourne , Australia .
Grace University is an American private Christian University located in Omaha , Nebraska .
Ludab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان لوداب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Taunton State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital located on Danforth Street in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Sar Cheshmeh - ye Olya ( Persian : سرچشمه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Cheshmeh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 148 , in 27 families .
Braddock Lake is a protected reservoir near Swift Current , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Disneyland Monorail System ( originally named the Disneyland ALWEG Monorail System ) is an attraction and transportation system at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California , United States .
Vollmarshausen is a village of 3000 inhabitants incorporated into the municipality of Lohfelden in Hesse , Germany .
Baranof Lake is a glacially - fed , horseshoe - shaped lake on the eastern side of Baranof Island , in Alaska .
Tirak ( Persian : تيرك‎ , also Romanized as Tīraḵ ) is a village in Abali Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Garfield Heights High School is a public high school located in Garfield Heights , Ohio , about 10 miles southeast of downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
Barstow - Daggett Airport ( IATA : DAG , ICAO : KDAG , FAA LID : DAG ) is a county - owned public airport in San Bernardino County , California .
Hamden Bridge is a wooden covered bridge over the West Branch of the Delaware River in the hamlet of Hamden in Delaware County , New York .
Jama Azam ( Persian : جمااعظم‎ , also Romanized as Jamā Āʿz̧am ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kolonia Łapczyna Wola ( kɔˈlɔɲa wapˈt͡ʂɨna ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gola Grodkowska ( ˈɡɔla ɡrɔtˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chah Mazangan ( Persian : چاه مزنگان‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Mazangān and Chāh - e Mazangān ; also known as Chah Marangan ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Michalinowo ( mixaliˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Meszne ( ˈmɛʂnɛ ) ( German : Wedderwill ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Estadio Virgilio Tejeira is a Football stadium in Penonomé , Coclé , Panama which for the 2008 ANAPROF will host San Francisco F.C. and Atlético Veragüense .
Hajjiabad - e Yarahmadi ( Persian : حاجي آباد ياراحمدي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Yāraḩmadī ; also known as Ḩājjīābād and Hājīābād ) is a village in Chalanchulan Rural District , Silakhor District , Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Juyom Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جويم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lake Connewarre ( Aboriginal Wathawurrung language : Kunawarr keelingk ) , a shallow estuarine 880-hectare ( 2,200-acre ) lake on the Barwon River , is located on the Bellarine Peninsula southeast of Geelong in the Australian state of Victoria .
Bexley railway station is in the London Borough of Bexley in south - east London , in Travelcard Zone 6 .
Zerkhan Lat ( Persian : زرخان لات‎ , also Romanized as Zerkhān Lāt ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
International Plaza and Bay Street is a large upscale shopping mall located in the Westshore business district of Tampa , Florida .
Groot - Bijgaarden is a village and deelgemeente in the municipality of Dilbeek , a suburb of Brussels , in Flanders , Belgium .
The Manti - La Sal National Forest covers more than 1.2 million acres ( 4,900 km2 ) and is located in the central and southeastern parts of the U.S. state of Utah and the extreme western part of Colorado .
The Gatlinburg Space Needle is a 407 feet ( 124 m ) tall observation tower in Gatlinburg , Tennessee , United States .
Quintanilla Vivar ( formerly known as Quintanilla Morocisla ) is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos , Castile and León , Spain .
The Teatro de la Maestranza is an opera house located in Seville , Spain .
The Thomas Stone National Historic Site , also known as Haberdeventure or Thomas Stone House , is a United States National Historic Site located about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of Washington D.C. in Charles County , Maryland .
Now Bonyad - e Gonbadli ( Persian : نوبنيادگنبدلي‎ , also Romanized as Now Bonyād - e Gonbadlī ; also known as Now Bonyād ) is a village in Khangiran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brodick ( Scottish Gaelic : Breadhaig or Tràigh a ' Chaisteil ( `` Castle Beach '' ) ) is the main settlement on the Isle of Arran , in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland .
North Sunderland is a fishing village on the coast of Northumberland , England , and adjacent to Seahouses .
Dunsum ( Fering : Dunsem ) is a municipality located on the western shore of Föhr in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Lake San Cristobal is the second largest natural lake in the U.S. state of Colorado .
The Salem - Shotwell Covered Bridge , also known as the Pea Ridge Covered Bridge , is a locally owned wooden covered bridge that spans Rocky Brook in Lee County , Alabama , United States .
San Agustín de la Isleta Mission , founded in 1622 , was a Spanish Mission in what is now Bernalillo County , New Mexico , United States .
Quidi Vidi ( pronunciations vary , even amongst longtime residents , but `` Kiddy Viddy '' is the most common ) is a neighbourhood in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Piece - rate lists were the ways of assessing a cotton operatives pay in Lancashire in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
The Alter Johannisfriedhof ( `` Old St. John 's Cemetery '' ) is the oldest burial ground in the city of Leipzig , Germany .
Pola de Allande is a town and a parish in Allande , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
One Market Plaza is a complex of three office buildings at 1 Market Street along the San Francisco Embarcadero .
The Sawtooth Mountains Wilderness is a federal wilderness area of 32,136 acres ( 130.0 km2 ) located in the Sawtooth Mountains in eastern San Diego County , California .
Czołki ( ˈt͡ʂɔu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KQLA `` Q Country 103.5 '' is a radio station licensed to Ogden , Kansas .
Carcant is a small settlement and a wind farm , near Heriot in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland .
Ber Moti is a village in Gujarat , western India .
South Newington is a village and civil parish on the south bank of the River Swere in the Cotswold Hills in Oxfordshire , England , about 5 miles ( 8 km ) southwest of Banbury .
Central Black Earth Oblast ( Russian : Центрально-Чернозёмная область , Tsentralno - Chernozyomnaya Oblast ) was an oblast ( a first - level administrative and municipal unit ) of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1928 to 1934 .
Crupet Castle ( French : Château de Crupet , also known as the Château des Carondelet ) , is a medieval moated donjon or fortified farmhouse ( ferme - château ) in the village of Crupet , since 1977 part of the municipality of Assesse , province of Namur , Belgium .
Shahbaz Bek ( Persian : شهبازبك‎ , also Romanized as Shahbāz Bek , Shahbāz Beg , and Shahbāz Beyg ) is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Old Ship Church ( also known as the Old Ship Meetinghouse ) is a Puritan church built in 1681 in Hingham , Massachusetts .
Langxi County ( simplified Chinese : 郎溪县 ; traditional Chinese : 郎溪縣 ; pinyin : Lángxī Xiàn ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Xuancheng City .
Westmount Collegiate Institute is a high school in the Thornhill , Ontario district of the greater city of Vaughan .
Sha Tin Racecourse ( Chinese : 沙田馬場 ) is one of the two racecourses for horse racing in Hong Kong .
Kaniyeh Sar ( Persian : كانيه سر‎ , also Romanized as Kānīyeh Sar and Kānīyyeh Sar ) is a village in Marhemetabad Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Avon Valley Path is a long - distance path in the English counties of Wiltshire , Hampshire and ( for about 2½ miles ) Dorset .
Seyyed Safi ( Persian : سيد صفي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Şafī ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
1 New York Street is a high rise office building in Manchester , England .
Kademeh ( Persian : كدمه‎ ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Durlasy ( durˈlasɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Hamburg Inn No . 2 is a small family diner located near downtown in Iowa City , Iowa , in the United States .
The Draper - Steadman House , at 13518 South 1700 West in Riverton , Utah was built in c.1894 .
The Reynolds Bridge in Thomaston , Connecticut is an open - spandrel concrete arch bridge carrying Waterbury Road ( unsigned State Road 848 ) over the Naugatuck River .
The Grand Canyon of the Stikine is a 45 mile ( 72 km ) stretch of the Stikine River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Oxbow School is a private single semester arts school for high school juniors and seniors located in Napa , California , sitting near an oxbow of the Napa River .
Podbuszyce ( pɔdbuˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Olszewo - Bołąki ( ɔlˈʂɛvɔ bɔˈwɔŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Borzeshabad ( Persian : برزش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Borzeshābād ; also known as Bīdeshābād ) is a village in Kenevist Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tanjung Benoa is a peninsula that is a subdistrict ( kelurahan ) of Kuta South District of Badung Regency on Bali .
The Thirtynine Mile volcanic area , Central Colorado volcanic field , is an extinct volcanic area located in Park and Teller counties , Colorado , northwest of Cripple Creek and southeast of South Park .
Veritas Stadion is a football ( soccer ) stadium in Turku , Finland .
The National Space Science and Technology Center ( NSSTC ) is a joint research venture between NASA and the seven research universities of the state of Alabama , represented by the Space Science and Technology Alliance .
Murabad ( Persian : موراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mūrābād ) is a village in Basharyat - e Gharbi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Seedskadee National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in western Sweetwater County in the state of Wyoming .
Burr Oak United Methodist Church is a church at the northeast corner of Pennsylvania and Washington Streets in Burr Oak , Kansas .
Barog is a small hill station in Solan district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh .
Licensed to McKenzie , Tennessee , USA , the station is currently owned by WHDM Broadcasting , Inc. and features programming from Citadel Media .
The Gordon Strong Automobile Objective was a proposed planetarium , restaurant , and scenic overlook designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright for the top of Sugarloaf Mountain in Maryland .
Sindarli is a village in the Pali district of Rajasthan state . In Past it was Thikana of Mertiya Rathores in Marwar State .
The Comly Rich House is a historic house in the Frankford neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , notable as the first home in the United States financed by a savings and loan association , the Oxford Provident Building Society , founded 1831 .
Osipy - Kolonia ( ɔˈɕipɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Buckland Monachorum is a village and civil parish in the West Devon district of Devon , England , situated on the River Tavy , about 10 miles north of Plymouth .
Jirgah ( Persian : جيرگاه‎ , also Romanized as Jīrgāh ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Bethania Historic District encompasses the historic planned center of the town of Bethania , North Carolina .
St. Brendan High School is a co - educational private Roman Catholic high school in the Westchester census - designated place in Miami - Dade County , Florida .
Bahalkeh - ye Nafas ( Persian : بهلكه نفس‎ , also known as Mahlakeh Nafas ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kul Sorkh - e Lirasad ( Persian : كول سرخ ليراسد‎ , also Romanized as Kūl Sorkh - e Līrāsad ) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Alipur , Jhalokati is a village in Jhalokati District in the Barisal Division of southern - central Bangladesh .
The Hazlet Township Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Hazlet , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
New Southgate is a residential suburb in the south - east corner of the London Borough of Barnet , a northern corner of the Haringey and the south - west corner of the London Borough of Enfield in North London , England .
Hengshui ( pinyin : Héngshuǐ ) is a prefecture - level city in southern Hebei province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Shandong to the southeast .
Gizałki - Las ( ɡiˈzau̯ki ˈlas ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gizałki , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tonbridge railway station is a station serving the town of Tonbridge in Kent , England .
St Scholastica 's College ( commonly referred to as Schols ) , is an independent day and boarding , Roman Catholic school for girls , located in Glebe Point , an inner - city suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Rafsbotn ( Kven : Rässivuono ) is a village in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Chah - e Shah Mohammad ( Persian : چاه شاه محمد ‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Alcides Fernández Airport ( IATA : ACD , ICAO : SKAD ) is a commercial airport on the Caribbean coast of Colombia serving to town of Acandí .
Tăureni ( Hungarian : Mezőtóhát ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania that is composed of three villages :
Neerabup National Park is a national park in the City of Wanneroo in Western Australia , situated approximately 27 kilometres ( 17 mi ) north of Perth .
The Wooldridge - Rose House , located in Pewee Valley , Kentucky , was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .
Dowlatabad - e Qadim - e Yek ( Persian : دولت اباد قديم1‎ , also Romanized as Dowlatābād - e Qadīm - e Yek ) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wilton 's Music Hall is a Grade II * listed building , built as a music hall and now run as a multi - arts performance space in Graces Alley , off Cable Street in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Marble Hill House is a Palladian villa built between 1724 and 1729 in Twickenham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Sun Yat Sen Memorial Park ( Chinese : 中山紀念公園 ) , originally named Western Park ( 西區公園 ) , is a waterfront park in the Sai Ying Pun area of Hong Kong Island , facing Victoria Harbour .
The Star Pavilion is a music and entertainment venue in Hersheypark Stadium located in Hershey , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Kriegsberg Tower in the city of Stuttgart ( Germany ) is an observation tower .
Boiragimoth is a suburb of Dibrugarh town , consisting of several residential buildings and neighbourhood markets .
Cheshmeh - ye Qader ( Persian : چشمه قادر‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Qāder ) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Hvizdets ( Ukrainian : Гвіздець , Polish : Gwoździec , Yiddish : גוואזדזיעץ‎ ) is an urban - type settlement in Kolomyia Raion ( district ) of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( region ) , Ukraine .
Walker Bay Nature Reserve is a nature reserve made up of five areas located on the coast between Hermanus and Cape Agulhas , in the Overberg region in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Star Valley is located in the United States between the Salt River Range in western Wyoming and the Webster Range of eastern Idaho .
Villa Godi is a patrician villa in Lugo di Vicenza , Veneto , northern Italy .
Morphettville Racecourse is the main horse racing track for the Australian state of South Australia .
Ratnal is a village near the town of Anjar in the Anjar taluka of Kutch district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Darling Harbour is a harbour adjacent to the city centre of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Adam 's Green is a hamlet near the village of Halstock in Dorset , England .
Gallinaro is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian Lazio region .
Cueva Ventana ( English : `` Cave Window '' ) is a large cave situated a top a limestone cliff in Arecibo , Puerto Rico , overlooking the Río Grande de Arecibo valley .
Baby - Towarzystwo ( ˈbabɨ tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
WTTU ( 88.5 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an alternative rock format and licensed to Cookeville , Tennessee , US .
Death and Company ( sometimes stylized as Death & Co. ) is a cocktail bar located in East Village , Manhattan .
Mazraeh - ye Mufaq ( Persian : مزرعه موفق‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Mūfaq ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Sakhsabad ( Persian : سخس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sakhsābād ) is a village in Zeynabad Rural District , Shal District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Cape Liptrap coastal park is located in south Gippsland , Victoria and is a peninsula that is the extension of the Hoddle Range that runs out to sea .
Rębiszewo - Zegadły ( rɛmbiˈʂɛvɔ zɛˈɡadwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Watertown Regional Airport ( IATA : ATY , ICAO : KATY , FAA LID : ATY ) , formerly Watertown Municipal Airport , is a city owned , public use airport located 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of Watertown , a city in Codington County , South Dakota , United States .
The Belvedere Club , located just south of Charlevoix , Michigan ( Northern Michigan ) is a summer home association of 89 cottages nestled between Round Lake and Lake Charlevoix .
Dastgerd - e Mehr Avaran ( Persian : دستگردمهراوران‎ , also Romanized as Dastgerd - e Mehr Āvarān ; also known as Dastgerd and Dastjerd - e Mehr Āvarān ) is a village in Garkan Rural District , Garkan - e Jonubi District , Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Chuckery is a small suburb of Walsall located a mile from the town centre .
Dębowiec Mały ( dɛmˈbɔvjɛt͡s ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Wielkie , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cross In Hand is a small village outside of Heathfield town to its west , in the Wealden District situated in East Sussex .
Borji - ye Kheyl ( Persian : برجي خيل‎ , also Romanized as Borjī - ye Kheyl ; also known as Borj - e Kheyl ) is a village in Kiakola Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dolna Kępa ( ˈdɔlna ˈkɛmpa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Marin Municipal Water District ( or MMWD ) is the government agency that provides drinking water to southern and central Marin County , California .
Castle Park High School , established in 1962 , is a high school in Chula Vista , California .
Lenborough is a hamlet in the parish of Buckingham next to Gawcott , in Buckinghamshire , England .
Old Ford is an area in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets adjoining the north part of Bow in east London .
The Mill - Prospect Street Historic District in Hatfield , Massachusetts encompasses a historic landscape with over 300 years of industrial and agricultural history .
Vampula Airfield is an airfield in Vampula , Huittinen , Finland , about 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) west - northwest of Vampula village .
Abu ol Hasan Kola ( Persian : ابوالحسن كلا‎ , also Romanized as Abū ol Ḩasan Kolā , Abū ol Ḩasan Kalā , and Abowlhasan Kolā ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mount Florida ( Gaelic : Cnoc Florida ) is an area in the southeastern corner of the Scottish city of Glasgow , Scotland .
Old Rag Mountain is a popular hiking destination with a summit elevation of 3,291 feet ( 1,003 m ) , located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of the Shenandoah National Park in Virginia 's Madison County , near Sperryville .
Komalwy ( kɔˈmalvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
WXOU ( 88.3 FM ) is a college radio station licensed to Auburn Hills , Michigan , USA , the station serves the metro Detroit area and Oakland County .
Arthur Kill Road is a major northeast - southwest artery along the South - West Shore of the New York City borough of Staten Island .
Azadbar ( Persian : ازادبر‎ , also Romanized as Āzādbar ) is a village in Nesa Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Mount Muir is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California , 0.95 miles ( 1.5 km ) south of Mount Whitney .
Overmonnow is that part of the town of Monmouth , in Wales , which is located to the west of the River Monnow and the Monnow Bridge .
Rucheng County ( simplified Chinese : 汝城县 ; traditional Chinese : 汝城縣 ; pinyin : Rǔchéng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Chenzhou , Hunan province , China .
KACD - LP ( 94.1 FM ) is a low - power FM radio station licensed to Midland , Texas , USA , serving the Odessa - Midland area .
Sar Yazd ( Persian : سريزد‎ , also Romanized as Sar - e Yazd and Sar - i - Yezd ; also known as Mehriz ) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Bonduiyeh ( Persian : بندوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Bondū’īyeh and Bondūyeh ; also known as Bondāreh ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Mosisberg near Hofstätten in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate ( Südwestpfalz county ) is a hill , 608.7 m above sea level ( NHN ) , in the central Palatine Forest .
The Midpoint Café , a restaurant , souvenir and antique shop on US Route 66 in Adrian , Texas , bills itself as geographically the midway point between Los Angeles and Chicago on historic Route 66 .
Mindon Township ( Burmese : မင်းတုန်းမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Thayet District in the Magway Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Tolsteeg is a neighbourhood in the south of the Dutch city of Utrecht .
Drakewalls is a small village in southeast Cornwall , England , UK .
Thayatheru is a small place in Kannur district of Kerala state , South India .
The Whisky Creek Cabin is a rustic log cabin located in southwest Oregon along the section of the Rogue River that is designated as a National Wild and Scenic River .
Eagle Creek State Recreation Area is an Illinois state park on 11,100 acres ( 4,492 ha)Lake Shelbyville , and is approx 34,000 acres in Shelby County , Illinois , United States .
Łazówek ( waˈzuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nagoleis one of the outer suburbs in Hyderabad , India .
The Belz Museum of Asian and Judaic Art is located at 119 South Main Street at the intersection of Gayoso Avenue in Memphis , Tennessee , USA .
Zuccarello ( Italian pronunciation : ( dzukkaˈrɛllo ) ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southwest of Genoa and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) southwest of Savona .
The Sudbury Dam Historic District is a historic district on the southeastern end of Sudbury Reservoir off MA 30 in Framingham and Southborough , Massachusetts .
Nachit - e Kuranlu ( Persian : ناچيت كورانلو‎ , also Romanized as Nāchīt - e Kūrānlū ; also known as Nāchīt ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Miami Marine Stadium is a marine stadium on Virginia Key , Miami , Florida , United States .
Reutlingen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʀɔɪ̯tlɪŋən ) ) is a city in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Rig District ( Persian : بخش ریگ‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
KWLS is an American FM radio station that broadcasts a Classic Country format on the 107.9 MHz frequency serving Winfield , Kansas .
The Moffat Tunnel is a railroad and water tunnel that cuts through the Continental Divide in north - central Colorado .
Rzechcino ( ʐɛxˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( until 1945 : Rexin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bedford Depot is a historic railroad depot at 80 Loomis Street and 120 South Road in Bedford , Massachusetts .
Naro Gewog ( Dzongkha : ན་རོ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Thimphu District , Bhutan .
Yeghegnavan ( Armenian : Եղեգնավան , also Romanized as Eghegnavan ; formerly , Shidlu ) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Palacio Salvo ( English : Salvo Palace ) is a building in Montevideo , Uruguay , located at the intersection of 18 de Julio Avenue and Plaza Independencia .
Siah Pareh ( Persian : سياه پره‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Pareh ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
William Ross State High School is situated in the Townsville Suburb of Annandale , North Queensland .
Holt - Bragg Bridge is an arch bridge that crosses Piles Creek at Somersby on the Central Coast of New South Wales , Australia as part of the Pacific Highway .
Sierakowo - Kolonia ( ɕeraˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Craiova ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kraˈjova ) ) , Romania 's 6th largest city and capital of Dolj County , is situated near the east bank of the river Jiu in central Oltenia .
Dumrighat is a Keroun village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal .
Mordan Heydari ( Persian : مردان حيدري‎ , also Romanized as Mordān Ḩeydarī ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Aurora Memorial National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located within the Sierra Madre mountain range between the provinces of Nueva Ecija and Aurora in Central Luzon .
Abyazan ( Persian : ابيازن‎ , also Romanized as Abyāzan and Abīāzān ; also known as Āb - e Azān and Āb - i - Azān ) is a village in Karkas Rural District , in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Red River State Recreation Area is part of the Greater Grand Forks Greenway and is located in the city of East Grand Forks , Minnesota on the banks of the Red River of the North and the Red Lake River .
School No . 27 ( Commodore John Rodgers Elementary School ) is a historic elementary school located in Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Dyzin ( ˈdɨʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Celestynów , within Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hajjiabad - e Falah ( Persian : حاجي آباد فلاح‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Falāḩ ) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District , Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Philippidès Stadium is the main athletics stadium of the City of Montpellier .
The Montlake Cut is the easternmost section of the Lake Washington Ship Canal , which passes through the city of Seattle , linking Lake Washington to Puget Sound .
Longframlington is a small village in Northumberland , England , located on the A697 , 11 miles ( 18 km ) north - west of Morpeth and 5 miles ( 8 km ) south - east of Rothbury .
Portland Waldorf School is a private Waldorf school in Milwaukie , Oregon , United States , in the former Milwaukie Middle School .
Craven Arms is a small town and civil parish in Shropshire , England , on the A49 road and the Welsh Marches railway line , which link it north and south to the larger towns of Shrewsbury and Ludlow respectively .
Qolhak - e Sofla ( Persian : قلهك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qolhak - e Soflá ; also known as Qolhak - e Pā’īn and Kulyay ) is a village in Qushkhaneh - ye Bala Rural District , Qushkhaneh District , Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Campbell Branch Little Black River is a short river in Quebec and northern Maine .
Nałogi ( naˈwɔɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Meureudu or Keude Meureudu is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat ( capital ) of Pidie Jaya Regency .
The North Branch Rancocas Creek is a 28.3-mile - long ( 45.5 km ) tributary of Rancocas Creek in southwestern New Jersey in the United States .
Small Hythe is a hamlet near Tenterden in Kent , England .
The Governor 's School for the Arts is a regional secondary arts school sponsored by the Virginia Department of Education and the public school divisions of Chesapeake , Franklin , Isle of Wight County , Norfolk , Portsmouth , Southampton County , Suffolk , and Virginia Beach .
Belvidere Discount Mall is a small shopping mall located in Waukegan , Illinois , United States .
St Pancras and Islington Cemetery in East Finchley , North London while situated in the London Borough of Barnet is actually two cemeteries , owned by two other London Boroughs , Camden ( formerly St Pancras ) and Islington .
Temperance River State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , located between the communities of Schroeder and Tofte on Highway 61 on the North Shore of Lake Superior .
Greenore ( Irish : An Grianfort ) is a small town , townland and deep water port on Carlingford Lough in County Louth , Ireland .
The Sloat House is located at the corner of NY 17 and Sterling Avenue in Sloatsburg , New York , United States .
Going - to - the - Sun Road is a scenic mountain road in the Rocky Mountains of the western United States , in Glacier National Park in Montana .
The Jacks - Manning Farm , also known as the Vinton Farm was built around 1840 for Robert Jacks near Charles Town , West Virginia , in the Greek Revival style .
Nadalj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Надаљ ) is a village located in the Srbobran municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
( 3 ) The Colorado Commission on Higher Education ( CCHE ) has authorized Aspen University to operate in Colorado as a private university under the Degree Authorization Act .
Nockowa ( nɔt͡sˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwierzyce , within Ropczyce - Sędziszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Aire Cathedral ( French : Cathédrale Saint - Jean - Baptiste d'Aire ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the town of Aire - sur - l'Adour in the Landes département .
Nemilje ( pronounced ( nɛˈmiːljɛ ) ; German : Nemile ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills east of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Santa María Tonameca is a town and municipality located on the southern coast of Oaxaca , Mexico , about 268 km from the capital city of Oaxaca .
Piłąg ( ˈpiwɔnk ) ( German Pfeilings ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Souto de Aguiar da Beira is a former freguesia in Aguiar da Beira Municipality , Guarda District , Portugal .
Sarsden is a village within the civil parish of Churchill and Sarsden and is located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Chipping Norton , Oxfordshire .
Shrewsbury Railroad Station , Stewartstown Railroad is a historic railroad station located at Shrewsbury , York County , Pennsylvania .
Bere Alston is a small village in West Devon in the county of Devon in England .
Delano Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KDLO , FAA LID : DLO ) is a public airport two miles ( 3 km ) southeast of Delano , in Kern County , California .
The Kolb Studio clings to the edge of the South Rim of the Grand Canyon , in Grand Canyon Village , Grand Canyon National Park , Arizona .
Samwodzie ( samˈvɔd͡ʑe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Scharzfeld is a village in the borough of Herzberg am Harz in the district of Osterode am Harz in South Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Washington Mill Bridge is a road bridge crossing Lytle Creek near Bernard , Iowa that was built in 1877 .
The Palace of the National Military Circle , also known as the Officers ' Circle Palace ( Romanian : Cercul Militar Național ) is located on Constantin Mile street in Bucharest , Romania .
Jumbo 's Clown Room is a strip club located on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles , California .
The Burnell Tavern is an historic former tavern on Maine State Route 113 in West Baldwin , Maine .
PalaOnda or Eiswelle is an indoor sports arena in Bolzano , Italy .
Piz Cambrena is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps , overlooking the Lago Bianco in the canton of Graubünden .
Viriat is a commune in the Ain department in the Rhône Alps of eastern France .
Gościszów ( ɡɔˈɕt͡ɕiʂuf ) ( German : Gießmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogrodziec , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Trzebuska ( tʂɛˈbuska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Małopolski , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Second Reformed Dutch Church of Kingston is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at Kingston , Ulster County , New York .
R. B. Winter State Park ( also known as Raymond B. Winter State Park ) is a Pennsylvania state park on 695 acres ( 281 ha ) in Hartley Township , Union County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Fuzhou , also Fuzhoucheng ( simplified Chinese : 复州城 ; traditional Chinese : 復州城 ; pinyin : Fùzhōuchéng ) is a town under the administration of Wafangdian City , in southern Liaoning province , China .
Itaboraí ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( itɐβoɾɐˈi ) , ( itɐbuɾɐˈi ) ) is a city in the state of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil , that belongs to the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area .
Młodojewo - Parcele ( mwɔdɔˈjɛvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Royal Museums of Art and History ( Dutch : Koninklijke Musea voor Kunst en Geschiedenis , French : Musées royaux d'Art et d'Histoire ) or RMAH is a group of museums in Brussels , Belgium .
Tarkayesh ( Persian : تركايش‎ ; also known as Tarkāsh ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vandebilt Catholic High School , located in Houma , Louisiana is a diocesan co - educational institution for grades 8 - 12 in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Houma - Thibodaux .
The Earhart Expressway , named for former New Orleans Commissioner of Public Utilities , Fred A. Earhart , is a state highway located in both Jefferson Parish and Orleans Parish , Louisiana .
Reading Knitting Mills is a historic factory building located in Reading , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Ickworth is a small civil parish , almost coextensive with the National Trust landscape estate , Ickworth Park , in the St Edmundsbury Borough , Suffolk , eastern England 2.3 miles ( 3.7 km ) south - west of Bury St Edmunds .
Desert West Lake is located in Desert West Park in Phoenix , Arizona , United States , east of 67th Avenue and south of Thomas Road .
The Eliphalet Austin House is a historic residence in the community of Austinburg , Ohio , United States .
Mohr County ( Persian : شهرستان مهر‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
The Ploutonion at Hierapolis ( Ancient Greek : Πλουτωνειον , lit `` Place of Pluto '' ; Latin : Plutonium ) or Pluto 's Gate was a ploutonion ( a religious site dedicated to the god Pluto ) in the ancient city of Hierapolis near Pamukkale in modern Turkey 's Denizli Province .
Fort Vinton , also known as `` Post # 2 '' , was a small Florida military outpost that existed from 1839 to 1858 .
Popęszyce ( pɔpɛ̃ˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Poppschütz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Hunt Country Vineyards is a vineyard and winery located near Keuka Lake in the Finger Lakes AVA region of New York State , USA .
Solitude Mountain Resort is a ski resort located in the Big Cottonwood Canyon of the Wasatch Mountains , thirty miles southeast of Salt Lake City , Utah .
Przeździecko - Dworaki ( pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ dvɔˈraki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Randolph Field Historic District is a historic district located within Randolph Air Force Base , near San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Bear River Migratory Bird Refuge is a 74,000-acre ( 299 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge in Utah , established in 1928 .
The Hellsgate Wilderness is a 37,440-acre ( 151.5 km2 ) protected wilderness within the Tonto National Forest located in Gila County , Arizona , at the base of the Mogollon Rim .
Romany - Sędzięta ( rɔˈmanɨ sɛnˈd͡ʑɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WFGI - FM , known as `` Froggy 95 FM '' , is a Froggy branded Country music formatted radio station in Pennsylvania serving the Johnstown area .
Darbaran ( Persian : داربران‎ , also Romanized as Dārbarān ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Annobór ( anˈnɔbur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Skroniów ( ˈskrɔɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Chutine Peak is one of the highest mountains in the Boundary Ranges , a group of subranges of the northern Coast Mountains of British Columbia and Alaska .
The James Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area in north central Colorado in the Arapaho and Roosevelt national forests .
Merrick Road , known as Merrick Boulevard inside New York City , is an east -- west urban arterial in Queens , Nassau , and Suffolk counties , New York , United States .
One Dallas Center ( formerly Patriot Tower ) is a modernist skyscraper located in the City Center District of downtown Dallas , Texas ( USA ) , completed in 1979 .
Christ of the Ozarks statue is a monumental sculpture of Jesus located near Eureka Springs , Arkansas , atop Magnetic Mountain .
The Daniel LeRoy House is located at 20 St. Marks Place in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City .
John Dickinson High School is a comprehensive four - year high school located on a 67-acre ( 270,000 m2 ) campus near Wilmington , Delaware in New Castle County .
Zarband ( Persian : زربند‎ ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
CIFN - FM is a radio station which broadcasts a First Nations community radio programming on the frequency of 106.5 FM / MHz in Island Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Denman Island is one of the Northern Gulf Islands and part of the Comox Valley Regional District of British Columbia , Canada , and is home to a small community of 1,022 year - round residents .
Pa Kam - e Pain ( Persian : پاكم پائين‎ , also Romanized as Pā Kam - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Masconomet Regional High School , referred to locally as `` Masco '' , is located in Boxford , Massachusetts , and serves the towns of Boxford , Middleton and Topsfield .
Mujhera is a village in the Jansath sub - division of Muzaffarnagar District in Uttar Pradesh .
Edathumkara ( എടത്തുംകര in Malayalam ) is a village in Maniyur Panchayath under Vatakara Taluk , Kozhikode District in Kerala where Vatakara - Mahe canal originates .
Cairns - Whitten - Blauvelt House is a historic house located in Wyckoff , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Rickmansworth is a small town in south - west Hertfordshire , England , situated approximately 20 miles ( 32 km ) northwest of central London and inside the perimeter of the M25 motorway .
Canki ( ˈt͡sanki ) ( German : Waldhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Art 's Auto is a historic former service station at 5 - -7 Lonsdale Avenue in Pawtucket , Rhode Island .
NHTI , Concord 's Community College is a two - year residential community college in Concord , New Hampshire , United States .
Tunkhannock Creek Viaduct ( also known as the Nicholson Bridge and the Tunkhannock Viaduct ) is a concrete deck arch bridge that spans the Tunkhannock Creek in Nicholson , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Kani Pahan ( Persian : كاني پهن‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Pahan ; also known as Kānī Pān ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Patkovača ( Cyrillic : Патковача ) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Androscoggin County Courthouse and Jail is located at 2 Turner Street in Auburn , Maine , the county seat of Androscoggin County .
Łyniec ( ˈwɨɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Allen Community College , previously called `` Allen County Community College '' , is a two - year junior college located in Iola , Kansas .
Howard P. Carter Career Center was a high school located in the Fifth Ward area of Houston , Texas , United States .
Mountain Longleaf National Wildlife Refuge is a 9,016-acre ( 36 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge located in eastern Alabama , near Anniston , Alabama on the former site of Fort McClellan .
Laski Lubuskie ( ˈlaski luˈbuskʲɛ ) ( German : Lässig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
Micklefield is a village and civil parish east of Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Grywałd ( ˈɡrɨvau̯t ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krościenko nad Dunajcem , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Colt Creek State Park is a State Park in Central Florida , 16 miles ( 26 km ) north of Lakeland off of State Road 471 .
Whitty Street ( Chinese : 屈地街 ) is a street in Shek Tong Tsui , Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Newark Beth Israel Medical Center , previously Newark Beth Israel Hospital , is the largest hospital in Newark , New Jersey .
Chignik Lake Airport ( IATA : KCQ , FAA LID : A79 ) is a state - owned , public - use airport located at Chignik Lake , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Utica College ( or UC ) is a private university located in Utica , in the U.S. state of New York .
Hermitage Apartments is an apartment building located at 4606 N. Hermitage Ave . in the Uptown community area of Chicago , Illinois .
Aberdeen Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : U36 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Aberdeen , a city in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
Dhadday is a village near Lakhpur Tehsil Phagwara , Kapurthala district , in Punjab , India .
Preah Ponlea is a Sangkat ( commune ) of Serei Saophoan District in Banteay Meanchey Province in north - western Cambodia .
Riverview Correctional Facility is a medium - security state prison , located in Ogdensburg in northern New York , USA .
Quyang County ( simplified Chinese : 曲阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 曲陽縣 ; pinyin : Qūyáng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Baoding City , Hebei , China .
The James Pardee House , situated on the grounds of the John Pardee Homestead at 129 North Main Street , is one of the well - known historic homes built in the eighteenth century in the town of Sharon , Connecticut , according to the 1935 edition of The Connecticut Guide .
Eugene Field Park is a public park located along the North Branch of the Chicago River in the Albany Park neighborhood of Chicago .
The Edith B. Barill Bridge , more commonly known as the Star City Bridge , was completed in 2004 and connects Star City , West Virginia with Interstate 79 and western Monongalia County .
Carrowmore Lake is situated in the parishes of Kiltane and Kilcommon Erris , County Mayo between the villages of Bangor Erris and Barnatra at the southern end of Broadhaven Bay .
The Emīls Dārziņš Music School ( Emīla Dārziņa mūzikas vidusskola ) is the junior music conservatory in located in the Āgenskalns district of Riga , named after Emīls Dārziņš .
The Great Outdoors Conservancy is a non - profit organization dedicated to conserving land for recreational enjoyment , located in Galeton , Pennsylvania .
Lake Koocanusa is a reservoir in British Columbia ( Canada ) and Montana ( United States ) formed by the damming of the Kootenay River by the Libby Dam in 1972 .
The Shrine Church of St. Stanislaus ( Polish : Kościół św . Stanisława Biskupa i Męczennika ) is a Catholic parish church in Cleveland , Ohio and part of the Diocese of Cleveland .
The Cloud State Bank , also known as the People 's National Bank , is located in McLeansboro , Illinois , which is in Hamilton County , Illinois .
Hockley is a large village and civil parish in Essex , England located between Chelmsford and Southend - on - Sea .
Ho Chi Minh City (; ) , formerly named and still also referred to as Saigon (; , ) , is the largest city in Vietnam .
Old Log Church ( Oak Forest Baptist Church ) is an historic church in Riverside , Kentucky .
WSVH FM 91.1 is a 96,000-watt public radio station broadcasting from Savannah , Georgia , and transmitting from the WVAN - TV 9 ( GPB TV ) tower to the west in Pembroke , Georgia , north of Fort Stewart .
Deception Pass is a strait separating Whidbey Island from Fidalgo Island , in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Washington .
Urbanów ( urˈbanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mweya is located in Kasese District , Rwenzururu sub - region , Western Uganda .
Ostatkowo ( ɔstatˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabiszyn , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Elephant Arch is a small natural sandstone arch in the Red Cliffs National Conservation Area and Red Cliffs Desert Reserve north of Washington , Utah that resembles the trunk and eye of an elephant .
New York Mills Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 25Y ) is a city owned , public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 2.3 mi , 3.7 km ) southeast of the central business district of New York Mills , a city in Otter Tail County , Minnesota , United States .
Fochabers ( /ˈfɒxəbərz/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Fachabair or Fothabair ) is a village in the Parish of Bellie , in Moray , Scotland , 10 miles ( 16 km ) east of the cathedral city of Elgin and located on the east bank of the River Spey .
Thadiyoor is a village located in Pathanamthitta district , Kerala , India , approximately 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) from Tiruvalla and 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) from Ranni .
Le Mans is a part of the Pays de la Loire region .
The Beers House - Hotel on N. 100 East in Pleasant Grove , Utah is listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) .
Astara County ( Persian : شهرستان آستارا‎ ) is a county in Gilan Province in Iran .
Lishki ( Persian : ليشكي‎ , also Romanized as Līshkī ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Place Pinel ( English : Pinel Square ) is a square and street in the 13th arrondissement of Paris .
KACH ( 1340 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format to the Preston , Idaho , USA area .
Truchas Peak ( more precisely , South Truchas Peak ) is the second highest peak in the U.S. State of New Mexico behind Wheeler Peak .
Praia do Almoxarife is a civil parish in the municipality ( concelho ) of Horta , of the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The original Papaya King was opened in 1932 on the corner of 86th St. and Third Ave . on the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
Criggan is a hamlet in Cornwall , England , UK , located north of the village of Bugle .
Farm to Market Road 2007 ( FM 2007 ) is a Farm to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
Indian Mound Reserve is a public country park near the village of Cedarville , Ohio , United States .
On 1 January 2010 , the municipalities of Balm bei Messen , Brunnenthal and Oberramsern merged into the municipality of Messen .
İncirliova is a town and a district of Aydın Province , in the Aegean region of Turkey , 10 km ( 6 mi ) west of the city of Aydın .
The Oak Street Bridge is a four - lane bridge crossing the Fraser River connecting Vancouver to Richmond in British Columbia .
Lippo Plaza is a 38 floor tower in the Luwan District of Shanghai and was completed in 1998 .
Dnipropetrovsk Oblast ( Ukrainian : Дніпропетро́вська о́бласть , Dnipropetrovs'ka oblast or Дніпропетровщина , Dnipropetrovshchyna , Russian : Днепропетро́вская о́бласть ( dʲnʲɪprəpʲɪˈtrofskəjə ˈobləstʲ ) ) is an oblast ( province ) of central Ukraine , the most important industrial region of the country .
Petrăchioaia is a commune in the east of Ilfov County , Romania .
The Delavan Terrace Historic District is located along that street in Yonkers , New York , United States .
Located in Mercer Island , Washington , Northwest Yeshiva High School is the state 's only Jewish High School .
Mid Sussex is a local government district in the English county of West Sussex .
Tazeh Kand - e Janizeh ( Persian : تازه كندجنيزه‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Janīzeh ) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Greers Ferry Lake is the reservoir formed by Greers Ferry Dam , a United States Army Corps of Engineers dam in Northern Arkansas .
Sneaky Dee 's is a bar and Mexican restaurant on the south - east corner of the College and Bathurst intersection in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Wola Bachorska ( ˈvɔla baˈxɔrska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Wardha district ( Marathi : वर्धा जिल्हा ) is one of the 35 districts in Maharashtra state in western India .
Greenfield - Central High School is a secondary school ( grades 9 - 12 ) located in the city of Greenfield , Indiana .
Cedar Swamp Wildlife Area is a state wildlife area located in New Castle County , Delaware , along shore of the Delaware Bay .
Helmeringhausen is a settlement in southern Namibia in the Berseba Constituency in the ǁKaras Region .
Benjamin N. Cardozo High School is a public high school in Bayside , Queens a borough of New York City , USA .
Kickapoo Creek is a river in Texas and tributary of the Concho River .
Saint - Gaudens National Historic Site in Cornish , New Hampshire , USA , preserves the home , gardens , and studios of Augustus Saint - Gaudens ( 1848 - -1907 ) , one of America 's foremost sculptors .
The Glasi Hergiswil is a Swiss factory that manufactures glass , located in Nidwalden , Switzerland .
Murrieta Valley High School ( MVHS ) opened in 1990 as the first four - year comprehensive high school in Murrieta , California .
Puntigam is the 17th and newest city district of Graz , in the Austrian province of Styria .
Bede Polding College is a co - educational Catholic high school in South Windsor , New South Wales , Australia offering education from Year 7 to Year 12 .
Indio Rico is a small town in southern Buenos Aires Province , Argentina , located in the district of Coronel Pringles .
The project ( renamed FutureGen 2.0 ) was retrofitting a shuttered coal - fired power plant in Meredosia , Illinois , with oxy - combustion generators .
Piz dal Ras ( 3,028 m ) is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located in west of Susch in the canton of Graubünden .
Thrive Cafe is a restaurant in the Roosevelt neighborhood of Seattle , Washington in the United States .
Shaltuk ( Persian : شالتوك‎ , also Romanized as Shāltūk ; also known as Shālkūh ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Eskandariyeh ( Persian : اسكندريه‎ , also Romanized as Eskandarīyeh ; also known as Chāh - e Eskandarī ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Culpho ( pronounced Cul - fo ) is a hamlet of about 40 people standing just outside Grundisburgh , Suffolk , about four miles west of Woodbridge .
The Shire of Tingalpa was a local government area in the south - eastern suburbs of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Hilton San Francisco Union Square is a skyscraper hotel located several blocks south - west of Union Square in San Francisco , California .
Wołajowice ( vɔwajɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Lgów ( lɡuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nativity of Mary , Blessed Virgin Catholic Church is a historic church located at 2833 Farm to Market Road 2672 in High Hill , Texas .
Cloughjordan , officially Cloghjordan ( /klɒkˈdʒɔːrdən/ klok - JOR - dən , Irish : Cloch Shiurdáin , meaning `` Siurdán 's stone '' ) , is a town in County Tipperary in Ireland .
Landsford Canal State Park is a South Carolina state park located in Chester County , two miles ( 3.2 km ) from US 21 .
Urshanabad ( Persian : اورشان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ūrshānābād ; also known as Qarehlar ) is a village in Minjavan - e Sharqi Rural District , Minjavan District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox are the names of a pair of large statues of the American folk hero Paul Bunyan and his ox , located in Bemidji , Minnesota .
Río Negro Department ( Spanish : Departamento de Río Negro , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈri.o ˈneɣɾo ) ) is a department of the northwestern region of Uruguay .
Bankers Hall is a building complex located in downtown Calgary , Alberta , which includes twin 52-storey office towers ( 197 metres high ) , designed by the architectural firm Cohos Evamy in postmodern architectural style .
WJMJ is a non - commercial radio station licensed to St. Thomas Seminary in Bloomfield , Connecticut , broadcasting on 88.9 FM , with translators on 107.1 in New Haven , Connecticut and on 93.1 in Hamden , Connecticut .
Cabbage Tree Island , also known as the John Gould Nature Reserve , is a protected nature reserve and uninhabited continental island lying 1.4 km ( 0.87 mi ) off the mouth of Port Stephens on the coast of New South Wales , Australia .
KLRX ( 97.3 K - Love ) is a radio station in the Kansas City , Missouri - Kansas City , Kansas area that plays contemporary Christian music .
Lai Chi Wo ( Traditional Chinese : 荔枝窩,Hakka : Lit Zi Wo ; Siyen Hakka dialect : Li - kó - teu ) is a Hakka village near Sha Tau Kok , in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong .
Łopiszewo ( wɔpiˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Grędzina ( ɡrɛnˈd͡ʑina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz - Laskowice , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zungri is a comune and town in Calabria , in southern Italy , in the Province of Vibo Valentia .
Tej Kenar ( Persian : تجكنار‎ , also Romanized as Tej Kenār and Tajkenār ; also known as Tachkinār and Tajkinār ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Inland Center is a regional shopping mall owned and operated by Macerich , located in San Bernardino , California along the southwest border adjacent to Interstate 215 and the city of Colton .
Mangalagudem is a small village located in Khammam district of the Indian state of Telangana .
The Tuxedo Club is a private member - owned country club located on West Lake Road in the village of Tuxedo Park , New York in the Ramapo Mountains .
Mandeniabad ( Persian : مندني اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mandenīābād ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vailly British Cemetery is a war cemetery at Vailly - sur - Aisne , France , maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission .
Rajapulova is a village and major road junction in Vizianagaram district , Andhra Pradesh , India , where National Highway 43 from Raipur meets NH 5 .
Ashkam Shur ( Persian : اشكم شور‎ , also Romanized as Āshkam Shūr ) is a village in Kuhak Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ligerz ( French : Gléresse ) is a municipality in the Biel / Bienne administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Restronguet Passage is a coastal hamlet in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Tamand ( Persian : طامند‎ , also Romanized as Tāmand ; also known as Tūmand and Towmand ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pulikkanny is a small village near Varantharappilli in Thrissur district of Kerala state , south India .
Says was a municipality in the district of Landquart in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Soldiers Annex Lake is located 75 miles ( 121 km ) southeast of Flagstaff in the state of Arizona .
The Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church and Rosenwald School is a historic Missionary Baptist Church and Rosenwald School located near 7794 Highway 81 , Notasulga , Alabama in Macon County , Alabama .
Safai ( Persian : صفايي‎ , also Romanized as Şafā’ī ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Balbeggie is a village in Perth and Kinross , Scotland about 7 miles northeast of Perth on the A94 road .
The Wild Wild West Gambling Hall & Hotel hotel and casino is owned and operated by Station Casinos in Paradise , Nevada .
At 6,000 acres ( 24 km² ) , North Long Lake is one of the larger lakes in the Brainerd Lakes Area of the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Zimno ( ˈʑimnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Aitkin Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KAIT , FAA LID : AIT ) , also known as Steve Kurtz Field , is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Aitkin , a city in Aitkin County , Minnesota , United States .
Tawęcin ( taˈvɛnt͡ɕin ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
St. Mary 's County Regional Airport ( IATA : LTW , FAA LID : 2W6 ) , also known as Captain Walter Francis Duke Regional Airport , is a public airport located in St. Mary 's County , Maryland , four miles ( six km ) northeast of the central business district of Leonardtown .
The Olde English District is one of eleven tourism districts of South Carolina encompassing Chester , Chesterfield , Fairfield , Kershaw , Lancaster , and York counties as well as the cities and towns of Camden , Chester , Chesterfield , Clover , Kershaw , Lancaster , Pageland , Rock Hill , Winnsboro , and York .
Beiguantao ( Chinese : 北馆陶镇 ) is a town in Guan County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
The Bannister Federal Complex is a United States federal government complex located at 1500 E. Bannister Road in Kansas City , Missouri .
The New Orleans Mint ( French : Monnaie de La Nouvelle - Orléans ) operated in New Orleans , Louisiana , as a branch mint of the United States Mint from 1838 to 1861 and from 1879 to 1909 .
The Justice Center Complex is a building complex located in downtown Cleveland , Ohio 's Civic Center District that opened in 1976 .
West Lothian ( Scots : Wast Lowden , Scottish Gaelic : Lodainn an Iar ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland , and a historic county ( which was also known as Linlithgowshire ) .
Kandaghat is a small town & Tehsil ( sub - district ) in the Solan district of Himachal Pradesh , India which is situated on the Kalka - Shimla National Highway No . 22 .
Hasanjan ( Persian : حسنجان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanjān ) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jahaniabad ( Persian : جهاني اباد‎ , also Romanized as Jahānīābād ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Booragoon Lake is a small freshwater lake in suburban Perth , Western Australia .
Sala , Lampang ( Thai : ? ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ko Kha District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 8732 people .
Long Island University ( LIU ) is a private , coeducational , nonsectarian institution of higher education with locations and programs spanning the New York metropolitan area , overseas , and online .
The Mary T. Ronan School , originally the Bradstreet Avenue School , is a historic former school building at 154 Bradstreet Avenue in Revere , Massachusetts .
Fairbrook Elementary School is an elementary school located in Beavercreek , Ohio , USA and is part of the Beavercreek City School District that educates 617 students in grades K-6 .
The Center for Computational Innovations ( formerly the Computational Center for Nanotechnology Innovations ) is a supercomputing center located at the Rensselaer Technology Park on the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute campus in Troy , New York .
Turners Beach is a small town on the north coast of Tasmania .
Peaked Mountain ( pronounced pea - kid ) is a nature reserve located in Monson , Massachusetts .
Lake Minnetonka is an inland lake located approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) west - southwest of Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Friends University is a private non - denominational Christian university in Wichita , Kansas .
Falcon Dam is an earthen embankment dam on the Rio Grande between Starr County in the U.S. state of Texas and the city of Nueva Ciudad Guerrero in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas .
Mian Galalan ( Persian : ميان گلالان‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Galālān ; also known as Mīān Kalālān ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Minidoka National Wildlife Refuge is located on the Snake River Plain in south - central Idaho , 12 miles ( 19 km ) northeast of Rupert .
The Larco Museum ( Spanish : Museo Arqueológico Rafael Larco Herrera ) is a privately owned museum of pre - Columbian art , located in the Pueblo Libre District of Lima , Peru .
San Juan Regional Medical Center is a 194 bed , Level III Trauma Center that provides healthcare to the Four Corners region of New Mexico , Arizona , Utah and Colorado , in the United States .
Prineville Reservoir Wildlife Area is a wildlife area near Prineville , Oregon .
Zawoda ( zaˈvɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Krusznik ( ˈkruʂnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The William Brown House , also known as London Town Publik House or Londontowne Public House , is a former Colonial era tavern located in Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Mount Hood Meadows is one of the largest ski resorts in the U.S. state of Oregon and the largest ski resort near Mount Hood .
Capitol Hill , in addition to being a metonym for the United States Congress , is the largest historic residential neighborhood in Washington , D.C. , stretching easterly in front of the United States Capitol along wide avenues .
WLAT is a radio station based in Hartford , Connecticut , in the United States .
Nostra Segnora de Mesumundu ( `` Our Lady of Mesumundu '' ) is a religious building in the territory of Siligo , Sardinia , Italy .
Maduiyeh ( Persian : مدوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Madū’īyeh ) is a village in Tirjerd Rural District , in the Central District of Abarkuh County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Zabrzeż ( ˈzabʐɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Forbes Shire is a local government area in the central west region of New South Wales , Australia .
Horse Isle ( Gaelic - Eilean nan Each ) is an uninhabited island located in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland near the seaside town of Ardrossan .
Farm to Market Road 1122 ( FM 1122 ) is a farm to market road in Hardin County , Texas .
Maneh District ( Persian : بخش مانه‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tipton St John is a village in the civil parish of Ottery St Mary in the English county of Devon .
The Levy County Courthouse , built in 1937 , is an historic redbrick Classical Revival style courthouse building located in Bronson , Florida .
Lake Eppalock is a reservoir in North Central Victoria , Australia , about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) northwest of Melbourne .
Auyán - tepui ( Spanish pronunciation : ( auˌʝanteˈpui ) ) , also spelled Ayan , is a tepui in Bolívar state , Venezuela .
Lock and Dam No . 8 is a lock and dam located near Genoa , Wisconsin on the Upper Mississippi River near river mile 679.2 .
Edgbaston House is a highrise commercial building in on Duchess Place , Birmingham .
Mount Isto is the highest peak in the Brooks Range , Alaska , USA .
Khandan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خندان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Teatro Malibran , known over its lifetime by a variety of names , beginning with the Teatro San Giovanni Grisostomo ( or Crisostomo ) after the nearby church , is an opera house in Venice which was inaugurated in 1678 with a production of the premiere of Carlo Pallavicino 's opera Vespasiano .
Protestant Theological University ( abbreviated as PThU ; Dutch : Protestantse Theologische Universiteit ) is one of two theological universities in the Dutch city of Kampen .
The United Counties of Prescott and Russell ( French : Comtés unis de Prescott et Russell ) are consolidated counties located in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Cahill School is a one - room schoolhouse now located in Tupa Park near Minnesota State Highway 100 and Eden Avenue in Edina , Minnesota , United States .
The Eduardo Sívori Museum ( Museo de Artes Plásticas Eduardo Sívori ) is a municipal art museum in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Crauthem ( Luxembourgish : Krautem , German : Krauthem ) is a town in the commune of Roeser , in southern Luxembourg .
Qezlar ( Persian : قزل لر‎ , also Romanized as Qezel Lar ; also known as Qarah Bāgh ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Piz Riein is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , situated south - east of Ilanz in the canton of Graubünden .
Izman - e Bala ( Persian : ايزمان بالا‎ , also Romanized as Īzmān - e Bālā ) is a village in Gifan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Amir Beyglu ( Persian : اميربيگلو‎ , also Romanized as Amīr Beyglū ; also known as Amīr Beglū ) is a village in Lisar Rural District , Kargan Rud District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Szury ( ˈʂurɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Saskatoon railway station is the only railway station in operation in the City of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada and is located eight kilometers from the central business district .
The McLellan Galleries are an exhibition space in the city of Glasgow , Scotland , situated behind a frontage of shops in Sauchiehall Street .
Bavelaw Castle is a historic house in the City of Edinburgh council area , Scotland .
Alcácer do Sal ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐɫˈkasɛɾ ðu ˈsaɫ ) ) is a municipality in Portugal , located in Setúbal District .
Mesa Riverview is an outdoor shopping mall in Mesa , Arizona ( part of the Phoenix metropolitan area ) located in the northwestern corner of the city near Loop 202 and Dobson Road .
Sarvestan County ( Persian : شهرستان سروستان‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
South Wraxall Manor is a Grade I listed country house which dates from the early 15th century , located at South Wraxall in the English county of Wiltshire , near Bradford on Avon .
The Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art ( abbreviated as `` Virginia MOCA '' ) is a contemporary art museum in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Bocken Estate ( German : Landgut Bocken ) is a country estate in the municipality of Horgen of the Swiss canton of Zurich .
Bergsgrav Station ( Norwegian : Bergsgrav holdeplass ) is a railway station located in the village of Vinne in the municipality of Verdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Silver Peak Wilderness is located in the southwestern corner of Monterey County in the Santa Lucia Mountains along the Central Coast of California .
Jalalpore is a city and a Municipality in Navsari district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Horseheath is a village in Cambridgeshire , England , situated a few miles south - east of Cambridge , between Linton and Haverhill , on the A1307 road .
WPNA ( 1490 AM ) is a time - brokered radio station licensed to Oak Park , Illinois , USA , the station serves the Chicago area .
Pelplin - Wybudowanie ( ˈpɛlplin vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bidrun ( Persian : بيدرون‎ , also Romanized as Bīdrūn ; also known as Bidurun ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chini Jan ( Persian : چيني جان‎ , also Romanized as Chīnī Jān ; also known as Chīnjān ) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mehnan ( Persian : مهنان‎ , also Romanized as Mehnān ; also known as Mehnān - e Bālā , Mehnān Bālā , and Qamparānlū ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
E - Commerce Place ( French : Cité du commerce électronique ) ( CCE ) is an office complex of two towers located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Horpit is an agricultural hamlet in the parish of Wanborough in the north - eastern corner of Wiltshire county , England .
The Ballard Road Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Ohio .
The Southern NSW Mallee Important Bird Area comprises an irregularly shaped 8232 km2 tract of land in south - western New South Wales , Australia .
Roknabad - ye Do ( Persian : ركن آباد2‎ , also Romanized as Roknābād - e Do ; also known as Roknābād ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Weihai ( Chinese : 威海 ; pinyin : Wēihǎi , known as Port Edward from 1898 to 1930 ) is a city in eastern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China .
Ciekoty ( t͡ɕeˈkɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Water Avenue Historic District is a 10-acre ( 4.0 ha ) historic district in Selma , Dallas County , Alabama .
Nowa Jedlanka ( ˈnɔva jɛdˈlaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uścimów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Plateau Point Trail is a hiking and pack trail located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park , located in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Badarlu ( Persian : بدرلو‎ , also Romanized as Badarlū ) is a village in Afshar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qalatuiyeh - ye Tang - e Salehi ( Persian : قلاتوييه تنگ صالحي‎ , also Romanized as Qalātū’īyeh - ye Tang - e Şāleḥī ; also known as Faleh Tū’īd , Qalātū , and Qalātū’īyeh ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Green Glens Arena is a public entertainment location in Millstreet , in County Cork , Ireland .
The Derby - Shelton Bridge is a road crossing over the Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut , connecting the cities of Derby and Shelton .
Obłazy Ryterskie ( ɔˈbwazɨ rɨˈtɛrskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rytro , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vedalai is a village in Ramanathapuram district , Tamil Nadu state in southern India .
Białorzeczka ( bjawɔˈʐɛt͡ʂka ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Lake Drummond is a freshwater lake at the center of the Great Dismal Swamp , a marshy region on the Coastal Plain of southeastern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina between Norfolk , Virginia , and Elizabeth City , North Carolina , in the United States .
Pebble Hill , also known as the Scott - Yarbrough House , is an antebellum cottage in Auburn , Alabama listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Buurkerk is a former church in Utrecht ( city ) , Netherlands on the Buurkerkhof .
Kangmar Town ( Chinese : 康马镇 ) is a town in the Kangmar County of the Shigatse Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region of the China , at an elevation of 5,358 m ( 17,581 ft ) .
Gavkhoft ( Persian : گاوخفت‎ , also Romanized as Gāvkhoft ) is a village in Qaleh - ye Khvajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khankuiyeh ( Persian : خانكوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Khānkū’īyeh ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hespero Airport , ( TC LID : CFB3 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) southwest of Hespero , Alberta , Canada .
The Blue Valley Sports Complex ( or the District Athletic Complex , commonly known as the DAC ) is a baseball , football , and soccer complex located in Overland Park , Kansas .
The Stadtwerkstatt in Linz , Upper Austria was founded in 1979 by students from the art university and cultural activists .
The Cerritos Veterans Memorial , located in Cerritos , California is a 20-foot - high ( 6.1 m ) sculpture dedicated in honor of local veterans .
Pruszczyn ( ˈpruʂt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Presentation of Mary Academy is a private Roman Catholic co - ed high school , grades 9 - 12 in Methuen , Massachusetts .
Entringen is one part and the administrative seat of the municipality Ammerbuch in the district of Tübingen in the state of Baden - Württemberg ( Germany ) .
Provincetown Municipal Airport ( IATA : PVC , ICAO : KPVC , FAA LID : PVC ) is a public airport located at the end of Cape Cod , two miles ( 3 km ) northwest of the central business district of Provincetown , a town in Barnstable County , Massachusetts , United States .
Runówko ( ruˈnufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Green Forest School District is a public school district based in Green Forest , Arkansas .
Palazzo Barberini is a palace in Rome , facing the Piazza Barberini in Rione Trevi .
Sedgeford is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , about 6 km south of the North Sea and 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) east of the Wash.
Cheng County or Chengxian ( Chinese : 成县 ; Pinyin : Chéng Xiàn ) is a county under charge of Longnan City , Gansu Province of China .
The Beckering Family Carillon Tower is a 151-foot - tall ( 46 m ) carillon - clock tower located in Grand Rapids , Michigan on the Pew Campus of Grand Valley State University .
Sydney Heritage Fleet , also known as the Sydney Maritime Museum , is a private not - for - profit museum located in Darling Harbour ( James Craig ) and in Rozelle Bay ( Heritage dockyard ) Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Khaplu ( Urdu:خپلو ) ( Khapalu , Balti : ཁལུ་ ) is the administrative capital of the Ghanche District of Gilgit - Baltistan .
Dul Kor ( Persian : دول كر‎ , also Romanized as Dūl Kor ; also known as Delkorū , Dolkorū , Dūl Korū , and Eslāmābād ) is a village in Avalan Rural District , Muchesh District , Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Doteng Gewog ( Dzongkha : རྡོ་སྟེང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Paro District , Bhutan .
The Nossentiner / Schwinzer Heath Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Nossentiner / Schwinzer Heide ) lies in the western part of the Mecklenburg Lake District in the districts of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte , Rostock and Ludwigslust - Parchim in the north German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Purísima del Rincón is a Mexican municipality located in the state of Guanajuato , founded on January 1 , 1603 .
Edmunds Glacier is located on Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington .
Northolt is a town in north west London , England , 11 miles ( 17.7 km ) west - northwest of Charing Cross and within the London Borough of Ealing , England .
Marist Regional College is a Roman Catholic , co - educational , secondary school , located in Parklands , a suburb of Burnie , Tasmania , Australia .
The Edward Ransom Farmstead , Livestock and Equipment Barn was a historic agricultural outbuilding in rural White County , Arkansas .
The Algar do Carvão ( Cavern of Coal ) is an ancient lava tube or volcanic vent located in the central part of the island of Terceira in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Oliver Paipoonge is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario , located directly west of the city of Thunder Bay .
Lewistown Area High School , was founded in September 1976 and is one of two high schools in Mifflin County , Pennsylvania .
Neu - Hohenschönhausen ( New Hohenschönhausen ) is a German locality ( Ortsteil ) in the borough ( Bezirk ) of Lichtenberg , Berlin .
The Femco Farms consisted of five farm properties established in Wilkin County , Minnesota , United States , in the 1920s and 30s to experiment with livestock breeding and agricultural diversification .
Gamnab ( Persian : گمن‌آب‎ , also Romanized as Gamnāb ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Fontanaluccia is a frazione of the comune of Frassinoro , Emilia - Romagna , central Italy .
Constantine Bay ( Cornish : Eglos Costentin , meaning church of St Constantine ) is a village and beach on the Atlantic coast of north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Chiprovtsi Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Чипровци ) is a small frontier municipality ( obshtina ) in Montana Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located on the northern slopes of western Stara Planina mountain and the area of the so - called Fore - Balkan .
Govindavadi is a small village near Kancheepuram temple town in Kancheepuram district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Fournier Street , formerly Church Street , is an ' east - end ' street of 18th - century houses in Spitalfields , in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Gav Barg ( Persian : گاوبرگ‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Barg ; also known as Gāv Bark ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Old Ashton Historic District is a historic district encompassing an early 18th - century industrial area along Lower River Road in Lincoln , Rhode Island .
Huize Padua is a hamlet in the Dutch province of North Brabant , in the municipality of Boekel .
Rižana ( pronounced ( ɾiˈʒaːna ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Billstedt is a quarter in the borough Hamburg - Mitte , in the eastern part of Hamburg , Germany .
Karbalay Baqer Kandi ( Persian : كربلاي باقركندي‎ , also Romanized as Karbalāy Bāqer Kandī ; also known as ʿAdal Kandī ) is a village in Gejlarat - e Sharqi Rural District , Aras District , Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qarah Guyoz ( Persian : قره گويز‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Gūyoz and Qareh Gūyoz ) is a village in Torjan Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gorrie Elementary School ( 1889 ) , originally the Hyde Park School , is a historic building in Tampa , Florida .
Wood Road ( 活道 ) is a street in the Wan Chai area of Hong Kong island , Hong Kong .
Chalk End is a hamlet on the A1060 road ( Bishop 's Stortford Road ) , in the Chelmsford District , in the English county of Essex .
Cortemaggiore is an Italian comune located in the Province of Piacenza .
Melville Castle is a three - storey Gothic castellated mansion situated less than a mile ( 2 km ) west - south - west of Dalkeith , Midlothian , near the North Esk .
Padegan - e Sadkorkheh ( Persian : پادگان سدكرخه‎ , also Romanized as Pādegān - e Sadḵorkheh ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kallstadt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkalʃtat ) ) is an Ortsgemeinde in the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Krakówki - Dąbki ( kraˈkufki ˈdɔmpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Rhine - Weser watershed runs over the summit of the Himmeldunkberg and neighbouring hill of Hohe Hölle and forms the boundary between Bavaria and Hesse as well as the long - distance trail , the Rhön - Höhen - Weg ( RHW ) .
Cantsfield is a hamlet and civil parish in the City of Lancaster , in Lancashire , England , near the boundary with North Yorkshire .
The Comfort Starr House , located at 138 State St. , Guilford , Connecticut , is a classic saltbox house with an added leanto .
Maury Island is a tied island in Puget Sound in the U.S. state of Washington .
Rzeżęcin ( ʐɛˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wolenice ( vɔlɛˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozdrażew , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The International Academy ( IA ) is a high school with its main campus located in Bloomfield Township , Oakland County , Michigan , with additional campuses in White Lake Township , Michigan and Troy , Michigan .
Oakland Zoo , in the past known as the Knowland Zoo , is a 100-acre ( 40 ha ) zoo located in southeastern Oakland , California , United States .
The Montgomery Street School , located at 2500 - 2506 Montgomery Street , Louisville , Kentucky , is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Ciruelos ( Spanish for plum trees , pronounced : ( siˈɾwelos ) ) is a Chilean village located southeast of Pichilemu , Cardenal Caro Province .
The Maine Central Institute ( MCI ) , is an independent high school , founded in 1866 , located in Pittsfield , Maine , in the United States .
Abram S. Hewitt State Forest is a state forest by Hewitt in northwestern New Jersey that is 2,001 acres ( 810 ha ) .
The Clara Shortridge Foltz Criminal Justice Center ( formerly known as the Criminal Courts Building ) is the county courthouse in downtown Los Angeles , California , United States .
Mursaruiyeh ( Persian : مورساروييه‎ , also Romanized as Mūrsārū’īyeh ; also known as Marsārū’īyeh and Morsārū’īyeh ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WMGX is a radio station in the United States , licensed to Portland , Maine .
Iranchi ( Persian : ايرنچي‎ , also Romanized as Īranchī ) is a village in Shurakat - e Jonubi Rural District , Ilkhchi District , Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
La Aguilera is a small Spanish village about 7 km from Aranda de Duero in the province of Burgos .
Vielha e Mijaran ( Occitan pronunciation : ( biˈeʎa e miʒaˈɾan ) ) is a municipality in Aran , Catalonia , Spain .
Ostrowite Prymasowskie ( ɔstrɔˈvitɛ prɨmaˈsɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Northop Hall is a large village near Mold , in Flintshire , Wales .
Sharnbrook is a village and civil parish located in the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire , England .
Qalebi - ye Olya ( Persian : قالبي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Qālebī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Qālebī ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . In the 2006 census , its population was measured at 392 , with 97 families .
Burdette Park is a recreational facility in Vanderburgh County , Indiana .
Walthourville Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Allenhurst Antioch Road near Walthourville , Georgia .
Garhi Abdullakhan is a village situated in Thana Bhawan Mandal of newly established and created District Prabudh Nagar in Shamli revenue district i.e. Tahsil out of Muzaffarnagar District in Uttar Pradesh , India . Garhi Abdullah , The village had underlied by the great grand father of Biloch community Late Mr. Abdullah khan .
Minjay Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྨིན་རྒྱས་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Lhuntse District , Bhutan .
Łęcino ( wɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The SkyWalk is an approximately 500 metre enclosed walkway connecting Union Station to the CN Tower and the Rogers Centre ( SkyDome ) in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Erumamunda is a small village located near Nilambur in Malappuram district of Kerala , India .
The Appomattox Historic District national historic district located at Appomattox , Appomattox County , Virginia .
Kureh - ye Gach Pazi ( Persian : كوره گچ پزي‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh - ye Gach Pazī ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
WJML consists of AM stations WJML 1110 in Petoskey , Michigan and WJNL 1210 in Kingsley , Michigan .
Treze Tílias ( German : Dreizehnlinden , literally `` Thirteen Lindens '' ) is a municipality located in the state of Santa Catarina , South Region , Brazil .
The Ruby Valley Pony Express Station , located at 1515 Idaho St. in Elko , Nevada , was built in 1860 in Ruby Valley , Nevada .
WKOS ( 104.9 FM ) , branded as `` 104.9 Nash Icon '' , is a radio station serving the Tri - Cities , Tennessee , area with country music .
Gari Gachu ( Persian : گري گچو‎ , also Romanized as Garī Gachū ) is a village in Kal Rural District , Eshkanan District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Asotra is a village located in Barmer district of Rajasthan , near the city of Balotra which is at a distance of 10 km . Pachpadra is 17 km to the north , Umarlai is 17 km to the north - east and Meli is 18 km to the east of Asotra .
Schnoor is a neighbourhood in the medieval centre of the city of Bremen , and the only part of it that has preserved a medieval character .
Balabyne ( Ukrainian : Балабине ) is an urban - type settlement in the Zaporizhia Raion ( district ) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine .
Peper Harow is a rural village and civil parish in south - west Surrey close to the town of Godalming .
Stone Mountain High School is a college preparatory and public high school located in Stone Mountain , Georgia .
Las Coloradas is a third category municipality and capital city of the Catán Lil Department , located in Neuquén Province , Argentina .
Wykagyl Country Club is a golf course in the Wykagyl section of New Rochelle , New York .
Nolambur is the fastest growing suburban in the western part of Chennai .
Awbridge is a small village and civil parish in the Test Valley district of Hampshire , England , about three miles northwest of Romsey , and near the River Test .
Great Lakes Mall is a shopping mall in Mentor , Ohio on Mentor Avenue ( U.S. Route 20 ) , about 20 miles ( 32 km ) northeast of Cleveland .
Georgetown Coal Gasification Plant , also known as the Georgetown Service and Gas Company , is a historic coal gasification plant located at Georgetown , Sussex County , Delaware .
Fannette Island is the only island in Lake Tahoe , California / Nevada , United States .
The San Diego Jewish Film Festival ( SDJFF ) is an annual eleven - day - long film festival held in San Diego , California .
Birdlip is a village in Cotswold District of Gloucestershire in England , in the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty , about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south of Cheltenham and 8 miles ( 13 km ) south east of Gloucester .
Kirkibost is a low - lying island west of North Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
Havelock High School is a public high school located in Havelock , North Carolina , founded in 1956 .
Si Pey ( Persian : سي پي‎ , also Romanized as Sī Pey ) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Temagami Greenstone Belt ( TGB ) is a small 2.7 billion year old greenstone belt in the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Bozorg Ab ( Persian : بزرگ‌آب‎ , also Romanized as Bozorg Āb and Bozorgāb ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Peggy Stewart House , also known as the Rutland - Jenifer - Stone House , is a Georgian style house in Annapolis , Maryland .
Llanbedrog is a village and community on the Llŷn peninsula of Gwynedd in Wales .
Maikave ( മൈക്കാവ് ) is a village in the Kozhikode district of Northern Kerala ( Malabar ) , on average 4.1 m above sea level and near a river .
Sietesz ( ˈɕɛtɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
KLAL ( 107.7 FM , `` Alice 107.7 '' ) is a Top 40 ( CHR ) music formatted radio station in Little Rock , Arkansas , and licensed to Wrightsville , Arkansas .
Miles Macdonell Collegiate is a high school in Winnipeg , Manitoba in the River East Transcona School Division .
Dustaneq ( Persian : دوستانق‎ , also Romanized as Dūstāneq ; also known as Dūstāneh and Dūstongh ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Northwest School ( originally The Northwest School of the Arts , Humanities and Environment ) is a private middle and high school located on Seattle , Washington 's First Hill .
Dąbrowa Jastrzębska ( dɔmˈbrɔva jasˈtʂɛmpska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mountain Brook High School ( MBHS ) is a three - year public high school in the Birmingham , Alabama , suburb of Mountain Brook .
Ahmadabad - e Owfan ( Persian : احمداباداوفان‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Owfān and Aḩmadābād - e Ūfān ; also known as Aḩmadābād , Aḩmadābād - e Arfān , and Akhmedabad ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Sharqi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Hornslet is located in Syddjurs Municipality , which in turn is part of Region Midtjylland , and has a population of 5.419 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Handy Brake National Wildlife Refuge is located just north of Bastrop , Louisiana in Morehouse Parish , north central Louisiana .
Warłów ( ˈvarwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Stoner Site is a substantial archaeological site in the far eastern portion of the U.S. state of Illinois .
Murighiol ( Independenţa from 1983 to 1996 ) is a commune in Tulcea County , Dobruja , Romania .
Cerritos High School , also called CHS , is a high performing , comprehensive , 4 year public high school located in Cerritos , California , serving grades 9 - 12 .
The Wuosthorn ( 2,815 m ) is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located south of Davos in the canton of Graubünden .
Pa Takht - e Do ( Persian : پاتخت دو‎‎ , also Romanized as Pā Takht - e Do , meaning `` Pa Takht 2 '' ) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pine Dock Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CKT8 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southwest of Pine Dock , on Lake Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Vale das Fontes ( Portuguese : Valley of the Springs ) is a parish of Vinhais municipality in the Bragança district of northeast Portugal .
Talladega Superspeedway , formerly known as Alabama International Motor Speedway ( AIMS ) , is a motorsports complex located north of Talladega , Alabama .
Habashabad ( Persian : حبش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩabashābād ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Capellen railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Kapellen , French : Gare de Capellen , German : Bahnhof Kapellen ) is a railway station serving Capellen , in the commune of Mamer , in south - western Luxembourg .
The Gifford School is a special education school located on Route 20 , in Weston , Massachusetts .
Falęcice ( falɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna , within Białobrzegi County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Are Castle ( pronounced `` Ahr - er '' , German : Burg Are ) is the ruins of a hill castle that lies at a height of 240 m above sea level ( NHN ) above the village of Altenahr in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Morgan Stanley Building at 1585 Broadway is the headquarters of Morgan Stanley , on the west side of Broadway , north of Duffy Square in the Times Square neighborhood of midtown Manhattan , New York City .
Situated along the Pee Dee River , Pee Dee National Wildlife Refuge contains 8,443 acres ( 34.17 km2 ) in Anson and Richmond Counties , North Carolina .
The Tefft - Steadman House in Marcellus , New York is a Greek Revival - style house that was designed by major architect Minard Lafever .
The University Hospital Geelong ( Formerly , The Geelong Hospital ) is an Australian public hospital located in Ryrie Street , Geelong , Victoria .
Lonoke High School is a nationally recognized and accredited public high school located in the rural community of Lonoke , Arkansas , United States .
Meinhard v. Salmon , 164 N.E. 545 ( N.Y. 1928 ) , is a widely cited case in which the New York Court of Appeals held that partners in a business owe fiduciary duties to one another where a business opportunity arises during the course of the partnership .
Lisowice - Kolonia ( lisɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The School District of the Chathams is a regional public school district serving students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Chatham Borough and Chatham Township in Morris County , New Jersey , United States .
Altgeld Hall , located at 1409 West Green Street in Urbana , Illinois on the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign ( UIUC ) campus , was built in 1896 - 97 and was designed by Nathan Ricker and James McLaren White of the University 's architecture department in the Richardsonian Romanesque style .
Koningshooikt is a village that since 1977 creates a municipality with Lier in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Seyyed Seyfur ( Persian : سيدصيفور‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Seyfūr and Seyyed Şeyfūr ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Colonial Hills is a subdivision of 873 single - family homes located in the city of Worthington , Ohio , a northern suburb of the state capital , Columbus .
Zawisty - Piotrowice ( zaˈvistɨ pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kaikamba lies between Moodabidri and Mangalore city in Dakshina Kannada district .
Bógzapłać ( buɡˈzapwat͡ɕ ) ( German : Gottvergelts ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
El Orcoquisac Archeological District is a registered U.S. historic site located near Galveston Bay in present - day Wallisville , Texas .
Muscatine Municipal Airport ( IATA : MUT , ICAO : KMUT , FAA LID : MUT ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located five miles ( 8 km ) southwest of the central business district of Muscatine , a city in Muscatine County , Iowa , United States .
Chief Sealth International High School ( CSIHS ) is a public high school in the Seattle Public Schools district of Seattle , Washington .
Kunegundów ( kunɛˈɡunduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepielów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Joghranvaru ( Persian : جغران وارو‎ , also Romanized as Joghrānvārū ; also known as Joghrāvārū ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sai Yeung Choi Street ( Chinese : 西洋菜街 ) are two streets in Mong Kok , Kowloon , Hong Kong , namely , Sai Yeung Choi Street South ( 西洋菜南街 ) and Sai Yeung Choi Street North ( 西洋菜北街 ) .
The Healdsburg Fault is a seismically active geological feature associated with the Santa Rosa Plain and the Alexander Valley , in Sonoma County , California , USA .
The White Lake Wilderness Area is a wilderness area located in Nova Scotia , Canada , in Halifax Regional Municipality .
Dobro Polje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Добро Поље ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wild 's Mill Complex ( also known as Valatie Mill Complex ) was among the last remaining industrial buildings in the formerly thriving milling community of Valatie , Columbia County , New York , United States .
Shimao International Plaza ( Chinese : 上海世茂国际广场 ) is a 333.3 m ( 1,094 ft ) tall skyscraper of 60 stories in Shanghai 's Huangpu District .
Morgh - e Kuchak ( Persian : مرغ كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Morgh - e Kūchak and Morgh - e Kūchek ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mojsławice - Kolonia ( mɔi̯swaˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Pątki ( ˈpɔntki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rustayi - ye Chahardeh Masum ( Persian : روستاي چهارده معصوم‎ , also Romanized as Rūstāyī - ye Chahārdeh Maʿṣūm ; also known as Allahābād ( Persian : الله اباد ) and Chahārdahmaʿṣūm ) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
King Tut 's Wah Wah Hut , also known as King Tut 's , is a live music venue and bar on St. Vincent Street , Glasgow , Scotland .
Chandler Center for the Arts ( CCA ) , is located in Chandler , Arizona and is jointly owned by the City of Chandler and the Chandler Unified School District .
The 710 Main Theater , historically known as the Studio Arena Theater , is a theatre in Buffalo , New York .
Jowr Sara ( Persian : جورسرا‎ , also Romanized as Jowr Sarā ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Keizersberg Abbey , also known as Mont César Abbey ( Dutch : Abdij van Keizersberg ; French : Abbaye du Mont - César ) is a Benedictine monastery on the hill Keizersberg or Mont César in the north of the university town of Leuven , Belgium .
Road Atlanta is a 2.54-mile ( 4.088 km ) road course located just north of Braselton , Georgia , USA .
Heydarluy - e Beyglar ( Persian : حيدرلوي بيگلر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarlūy - e Beyglar ; also known as Bīglar , Ḩeydarlū - ye Beyglar , and Ḩeydarlū - ye Bīglar ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Galikash ( Persian : گاليكش‎ ) , also Romanized as Galikesh ) is a city in and capital of Galikash County in Golestan Province , in northern Iran .
Seminole State Park is a 604 acre ( 2.44 km2 ) state park located on the shores of Lake Seminole in the extreme southwest corner of Georgia .
WZIM ( 99.5 FM ) is a radio station serving the Bloomington - Normal , Illinois area .
Währing ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɛːʁɪŋ ) ) is the 18th district of Vienna and lies in northwestern Vienna on the edge of the Vienna Woods .
Muni Ki Reti is a town and a Nagar Panchayat in Tehri Garhwal district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand .
Surjit Hockey Stadium , also referred to as Surjeet Hockey Stadium , is a field hockey stadium in Jalandhar , Punjab , India .
Karim - e Saleh ( Persian : كريم صالح‎ , also Romanized as Karīm - e Şāleh and Karīm - e Şāleḩ ) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District , Neysan District , Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Foieni ( Hungarian : Mezőfény , Hungarian pronunciation : ( mɛzøːfeːni ) ; German : Fienen ) is a commune of 1,836 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Sartuf Kat ( Persian : سرطوف كت‎ , also Romanized as Sarţūf Kat ; also known as Sarţūf ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The A226 road travels in a west - east direction in southeast London and north Kent , from Crayford in the London Borough of Bexley , through Dartford , Gravesend to Strood .
The George Parks Highway ( numbered Interstate A-4 and Alaska Route 3 ) , usually called simply the Parks Highway , runs 323 miles ( 520 km ) from the Glenn Highway 35 miles ( 56 km ) north of Anchorage to Fairbanks in the Alaska Interior .
Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad , known colloquially as the Soledad Mission or Mission Soledad , is a Spanish mission located near the present - day town of Soledad , California .
Blue on the Bay is a skyscraper in the City of Miami , Florida , United States .
Bożówka ( bɔˈʐufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zarchestan ( Persian : زارچستان‎ , also Romanized as Zārchestān ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Wilgartaburg , also called the Wiligartaburg , Wilgartsburg or Wiligartisburg , is the heritage site of a ruined rock castle located at a height of 245 m above sea level near the German village of Wilgartswiesen in the state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Boulder City Municipal Airport ( IATA : BLD , ICAO : KBVU , FAA LID : BVU , formerly 61B ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Boulder City , in Clark County , Nevada , United States .
Buehl House , also known as Dr. John Clark House , in Berea , Ohio , was built in 1859 .
The Joseph Wesely House and Barn are a historic homestead ensemble in Scio , Oregon , United States .
Military Highway is a four - lane roadway built in the South Hampton Roads region of eastern Virginia , USA during World War II . Carrying US 13 for most of its length , it also carries US 58 , and US 460 while in Chesapeake .
Colony Square is a mixed - use development and sub - district in Midtown Atlanta , Georgia , located on Peachtree Street in between 14th and 15th Streets .
Baraan - e Shomali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان براآن شمالي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dodd Homestead is a historic home and farmstead located near Rehoboth Beach , Sussex County , Delaware .
New Plaza Stadium ( Simplified Chinese : 佛山新广场体育场 ) was a multi - use stadium in Foshan , China .
The Rocks Village Historic District is a historic district in eastern Haverhill , Massachusetts .
Canada 's National Ballet School , also commonly known as the National Ballet School of Canada , is a classical ballet school located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Beckley Furnace Industrial Monument is a state - owned historic site preserving a 19th - century iron - making blast furnace on the north bank of the Blackberry River in the town of North Canaan , Litchfield County , Connecticut .
Szymonków ( ʂɨˈmɔnkuf ) ( German Simmenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cambo Estate lies close to the village of Kingsbarns in north - east Fife , Scotland .
Madabeh ( Persian : مدبه‎‎ ) is a village in Dehpir Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Tharandt Forest ( German : Tharandter Wald ) is a landscape in the centre of the German Free State of Saxony and lies southwest of the forest town of Tharandt , south of the town of Wilsdruff , roughly between the cities of Freiberg and Dresden .
Zambrzyce - Króle ( zamˈbʐɨt͡sɛ ˈkrulɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Richland Park is a village in Charlotte Parish on the island of Saint Vincent in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Wester Hailes Education Centre is a mixed non - denominational high school in Wester Hailes , on the south - west edge of Edinburgh .
Tokarów ( tɔˈkaruf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą , within Środa Wielkopolska County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Redbud Hollow consists of two historic homes located at Union Corner near Martinsburg , Berkeley County , West Virginia .
Hjordkær is a village in Hjordkær parish , Aabenraa Municipality , Region of Southern Denmark in Denmark with a population of 1,654 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
The Sweetest Heart of Mary Roman Catholic Church is located at 4440 Russell Street ( at East Canfield Street ) in Detroit , Michigan , in the Forest Park neighborhood on the city 's central East side .
Ratwica ( ratˈfit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ash Priors is a village and parish in Somerset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Tah Tar ( Persian : ته تر‎ ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Little Church in the Pines is a c. 1902 - 1908 building in the former mining town of Salina in Boulder County , Colorado .
The Howard C. Reiche Community School is a K--5 elementary school in the West End of Portland , Maine .
Benefield is a civil parish in East Northamptonshire , England , along the A427 road and about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) east of Corby and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) west of Oundle .
It is 38 kilometres to the north - east of Benambra in Victoria , Australia and lies within the Mount Gibbo Natural Features and Scenic Reserve managed by Parks Victoria .
Topolów ( tɔˈpɔluf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Blair County Courthouse is an historic courthouse building located at Hollidaysburg , Blair County , Pennsylvania .
Yengejeh - ye Qeshlaq ( Persian : ينگجه قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Yengejeh - ye Qeshlāq ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Jonubi Rural District , Firuz District , Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Pałowo ( paˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Aleksandrovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александровац ) is a town and municipality located in the Rasina District of Serbia .
The National Museum of the Resistance ( Dutch : Nationaal Museum van de Weerstand , French : Musée National de la Résistance ) is a museum in Anderlecht , Belgium which traces the history of the Belgian resistance and German occupation of Belgium during World War II .
Fashalam ( Persian : فشالم‎ , also Romanized as Fashālam ; also known as Pshalym ) is a village in Molla Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Skoghall ( literally means `` Forest Hall '' ) is a locality and the seat of Hammarö Municipality in Värmland County , Sweden with 13,265 inhabitants in 2010 .
Qian County or Qianxian is a county of Xianyang , Shaanxi , China .
Schneverdingen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃneːvɐdɪŋən ) ; Low Saxon Snevern ) is a town in the northern part of the district of Heidekreis , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Khar Barreh ( Persian : خربره‎ ; also known as Qāsmīyeh ) is a village in Binalud Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WOPG - FM is a Catholic radio station licensed to Esperance , New York and owned by Pax et Bonum , Inc. The station broadcasts at 89.9 MHz at 1,400 watts effective radiated power and serves the Mohawk Valley and Capital District .
Lungotevere Tor di Nona is the stretch of Lungotevere that connects Piazza di Ponte Sant'Angelo to Piazza di Ponte Umberto I in Rome , in the rione Ponte .
Lauderdale is a long narrow geographical district in the Scottish Borders , Scotland , being the valley of the Leader Water , ( a tributary of the River Tweed ) , above which rivulet St. Cuthbert had a vision of St. Aidan 's soul being conducted to heaven .
High Point Friends School ( HPFS ) , also known locally simply as `` Friends School '' is a Quaker institution in High Point , North Carolina , United States .
Schloen - Dratow ( before January 2014 : Dratow - Schloen ) is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Egypt Lane Historic District is a national historic district located at East Hampton , New York in Suffolk County , New York .
Wiklewko ( viˈklɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lauria Nandangarh is a City / town about 14 km from Shikarpur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) and 28 km from Bettiah in West Champaran district of Bihar state in northern India .
Chumeh - ye Khazaliyeh ( Persian : چومه خزعليه‎ , also Romanized as Chūmeh - ye Khazʿalīyeh ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hojkov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦojkof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Baba Salehi ( Persian : باباصالحي‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Şāleḩī ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ban Dong , Lampang ( Thai : บ้านดง ) is a village and tambon ( sub - district ) of Mae Mo District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 4,677 people .
Kolonia Sochocin ( kɔˈlɔɲa sɔˈxɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochocin , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gar County ( Tibetan : སྒར་རྫོང་ wylie : sgar rdzong ; Chinese : 噶尔县 ; Pinyin : Gá'ěr Xiàn ) is a county in the Ngari Prefecture of the western Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Ruthin ( i/ˈrɪθɪn/ RITH - in ; Welsh : Rhuthun ) is the county town of Denbighshire in north Wales .
Pilichowice ( pilixɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Rajadanga is a small village and also a Gram - Panchayat situated under Malbazar sub - division in Jalpaiguri District , West Bengal , India .
Greatfields Park , in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham , east London , is a public park of just under 6 hectares .
Brevoort Island is a small , uninhabited island located in the Labrador Sea off the eastern coast of Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of northern Canada 's territory of Nunavut .
The Gourley 's Opera House , on Second St. in Rushville , Nebraska , was built in 1914 .
Katat or Katant is a village ( gram/ gaon ) in Akbarpur tehsil of Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh , India , located 10.4 miles ( 16.7 km ) in the east of Akbarpur town on Akbarpur - Azamgarh road .
Beniardà ( Valencian pronunciation : ( beniaɾˈða ) , Spanish : Beniardá ) is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Baixa in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Peacekeeper Park is an urban park in Calgary , Alberta .
Pobè is a city and arrondissement located in the Plateau Department of Benin .
Ladder Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is a northwest tongue of the larger Neve Glacier .
Tam Kon Shan ( Chinese : 擔杆山 or 担杆山 ) is a hill that stands between Moon Tsai Tong and Cheung Shue Tau on Tsing Yi Island , Hong Kong .
Stójło ( ˈstui̯wɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
KQFE is a non - commercial radio station in Springfield , Oregon , broadcasting to the Eugene - Springfield , Oregon area on 88.9 FM .
Adpar , formerly Trefhedyn , is a village in Ceredigion , Wales now considered as a part of Newcastle Emlyn to which it is joined by a fine bridge across the River Teifi .
Jaluit Atoll ( Marshallese : Jālwōj , ( tʲælʲo̯o͡etʲ ) , or Jālooj , ( tʲælʲe͡oː͡etʲ ) ) is a large coral atoll of 91 islands in the Pacific Ocean and forms a legislative district of the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands .
The Pere Marquette State Forest encompasses lands in Michigan 's northern Lower Peninsula , on the western side of the state .
Silajdževina ( Cyrillic : Силајџевина ) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Zhejiang Provincial Museum is a major museum of Chinese art located near the West Lake in Hangzhou , China .
The Yell Masonic Lodge Hall is a historic meeting hall on the west side of United States Route 412 in Carrollton , Arkansas .
The Middletown Woodrow Wilson High School is a former high school , now used as residential apartments , located at 310 Hunting Hill Avenue , Middletown , Connecticut .
The Blue Gables Motel , formerly known as Blue Gables Court , in Buffalo , Wyoming is a motel that was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011 as part of a Multiple Property Submission devoted to historic motor courts and motels in Wyoming .
The Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant was a completed General Electric nuclear boiling water reactor located adjacent to Long Island Sound in East Shoreham , New York .
Syanno Raion ( Belarus ) is a second - level administrative subdivision ( raion ) of Belarus in the Vitebsk Region .
Boneh - ye Zangar ( Persian : بنه زنگار‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Zangār ) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
DeQueen Lake is a small reservoir along the Rolling Fork River in Sevier County , Arkansas .
The Philetus S. Church House is a private house located on North Shore Road , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) southeast of Payment Settlement on Sugar Island , Michigan .
Correctional Training Facility ( CTF ) commonly referenced as Soledad State Prison is a state prison located on U.S. Highway 101 , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Soledad , California , adjacent to Salinas Valley State Prison .
Ghadir Saberi ( Persian : غديرصابري‎ , also Romanized as Ghadīr Şāberī ; also known as Ghadīr and Ghadīr - e Āberī ) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Paul Robeson Residence , also known by its street address of 555 Edgecombe Avenue , is a National Historic Landmarked apartment building , located at 555 Edgecombe Avenue at the corner of West 160th Street in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Sar Marang ( Persian : سرمرنگ‎ , also Romanized as Sar Marang and Sarmarang ) is a village in Mirbag - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Asb Mirza ( Persian : اسب ميرزا‎ , also Romanized as Asb Mīrzā ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Garczegorze ( ɡart͡ʂɛˈɡɔʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hjørring Municipality is a municipality ( Danish : kommune ) in North Denmark Region on the west coast of the island of Vendsyssel - Thy at the top of the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark .
The Peacock Mausoleum is a Victorian Gothic memorial to Richard Peacock ( 1820 - -1889 ) , engineer and Liberal MP for Manchester , and to his son , Joseph Peacock .
Tom Sun Ranch , also known as Sun Ranch , is a historic site along the old Oregon Trail and Mormon Trail , about 6 mi ( 9.7 km ) west of Independence Rock , Wyoming on Wyoming Highway 220 .
KWPC ( 860 AM ) is a commercial radio station serving the Muscatine , Iowa area .
Moss Neck Manor is a historic , antebellum plantation house located at Rappahannock Academy , Caroline County , Virginia .
Kalno ( ˈkalnɔ ) ( German : Kallendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gateway to Health Science High School is a small alternative school in southeast Queens , New York that is designed to encourage students to consider hospital careers .
Meritxell ( Catalan pronunciation : ( məɾiˈtʃeʎ ) , locally : ( meɾiˈtʃeʎ ) ) is a village in Andorra , located in the parish of Canillo in the north of the country near the French border .
Wilbur Hot Springs is a naturally occurring historic hot spring , health sanctuary , personal retreat and 1,800-acre ( 7.3 km2 ) nature preserve in Williams , California , in Colusa County , California in northern California , USA , about 2 hours northeast of the San Francisco Bay Area , 1½ hours north of the Sacramento Airport .
Dasht Azadgan ( Persian : دشت آزادگان‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Āzādgān ; also known as Deq Dozdān ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Weißlahnsee or Badesee Weißlahn is a lake of Terfens , Tyrol , Austria .
Shunqing District ( simplified Chinese : 顺庆区 ; traditional Chinese : 順慶區 ; pinyin : Shùnqìng Qū ) is a district of Nanchong city , Sichuan Province , China .
Hothersall is a civil parish in the Ribble Valley district , in Lancashire , England .
Part of the Semien Gondar Zone , Jan Amora is bordered on the south by Misraq Belessa , on the southwest by Wegera , on the west by Debarq , on the north by Addi Arkay and Tselemt , on the east by Beyeda , and on the southeast by Wag Hemra Zone .
Hasham Kuh ( Persian : حشم كوه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩashām Kūh ) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tom B. David Field ( ICAO : KCZL , FAA LID : CZL ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Calhoun , a city in Gordon County , Georgia , United States .
Gerd - e Kuchak ( Persian : گردكوچك‎ , also Romanized as Gerd - e Kūchak , Gerd Kūchek , and Gord Kūchak ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Crooks Inlet is a body of water in Nunavut 's Qikiqtaaluk Region .
Sherzer Observatory is an astronomical observatory located on the campus of Eastern Michigan University .
Kleena Kleene is one of the driest locations in British Columbia because of the rain shadow effect of Coast Mountains located directly to the west .
Stade Jlidi ( Arabic : ملعب الجليدي‎ ) is a multi - use stadium in Zarzis , Tunisia .
The Tampa Bay Center was a shopping mall located in Tampa , Florida , across the street from Tampa Stadium .
The Empire Manufacturing Company Building located in the Old Fourth Ward neighborhood of Atlanta , Georgia .
The Château de l'Oisellerie is located in the municipality of La Couronne , near Angoulême in Charente .
The Riverside County Fair and National Date Festival takes place in Indio , California .
St. Peter , Wisconsin is an unincorporated census - designated place in the Town of Taycheedah in Fond du Lac County , Wisconsin .
Contra Costa College , in San Pablo , California , is the west campus of the Contra Costa Community College District .
Alvie ( Scottish Gaelic : Albhaidh ) is a small crofting hamlet , a working Scottish highland estate and civil parish , located on the south shore of Loch Alvie in the Badenoch and Strathspey area of Inverness - shire , within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Meare is a village and civil parish 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) north west of Glastonbury on the Somerset Levels , in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
The Bredeick - Lang House ( also known as the `` James Lang House '' ) is a historic house on the western ( Van Wert County ) side of Delphos , Ohio , United States .
Rafford ( Scottish Gaelic : Ràthard ) is a village in Moray , Scotland .
Lianyungang ( simplified Chinese : 连云港 ; traditional Chinese : 連雲港 ; pinyin : Liányúngǎng ) is a prefecture - level city in northeastern Jiangsu province , China .
Effingham County Memorial Airport ( FAA LID : 1H2 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) south of the central business district of Effingham , a city in Effingham County , Illinois , United States .
Hamuleh ( Persian : حموله‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamūleh and Ḩomūleh ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
KDAO - FM ( 99.5 FM , `` Soft Rock 99.5 '' ) is a commercial radio station that serves the Marshalltown , Iowa and Eldora , Iowa area .
Naseri Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ناصری‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khanafereh District , Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Shawnee Methodist Mission was established by missionaries in 1830 in Turner , Kansas to minister to the Shawnee tribe of Native Americans who had been removed to Kansas .
Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مياندورودكوچك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Saqqavaz ( Persian : سقاواز‎ , also Romanized as Saqqāvāz ; also known as Sa``d Vaqqāş and Sakavas ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 462 , in 73 families .
Qaleh - ye Lever Pump Complex ( Persian : مجتمع تلمبه هائ كشاورزئ قلعه لور‎ -- Mojtame ` Tolombeh Hāy Keshāvarzy Qal``eh Lever ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 152 , in 32 families .
Mowtowr - e Ashayiri Deh Qani ( Persian : موتورعشايري دهقاني‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAshāyīrī Deh Qānī ) is a village in Dashtab Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Afjan ( Persian : افجان‎ , also Romanized as Āfjān and Afjān ; also known as Āfchūn , Afshūn , and Apihūn ) is a village in Karvan - e Sofla Rural District , Karvan District , Tiran and Karvan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dahlerau is a borough of Radevormwald , located in the Oberbergischer Kreis , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Dowbalutan - e Khadarsarekh ( Persian : دوبلوطان خدرسرخ‎ , also Romanized as Dowbalūtān - e Khadarsarekh ; also known as Do Balūţān and Dowbalūtān ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khaneqah Sorkh ( Persian : خانقاه سرخ‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh Sorkh , Khānaqāh Sorkh , and Khānqāh - e Sorkh ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lucas Avenue Industrial Historic District is a manufacturing facility bounded by Washington , Delmar , 20th & 21 Streets , St. Louis , Missouri .
The Bates Dance Festival is a dance festival held annually at Bates College in Lewiston , Maine , United States .
Gravette High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the fringe town of Gravette , Arkansas , United States .
The Soap Factory at 111 Gallowgate , Aberdeen , Scotland , was built for Ogston & Tennant , soap and candle manufacturers , in 1922 .
The Helmholtz Centre Potsdam GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences , commonly called GFZ is the national research center for Earth Sciences in Germany , located in Potsdam , in the German federal state of Brandenburg , and is part of the Helmholtz Association of National Research Centres .
The Port of Beaumont is a deep - water port located in Beaumont , Texas near the mouth of the Neches River .
Marreh ( Persian : مره‎ ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The ruins of the Pajrek castle lie in the Czech Republic above the town of Nýrsko in the western part of the Šumava ( Bohemian Forest ) , 505 m a.s.l .
The former First Bible Missionary Church , located in the West End of Davenport , Iowa , United States , is an historic structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Ankeny Christian Academy ( ACA ) is a private Christian school lotated in Ankeny , Polk County , Iowa .
Mashhad Rizeh ( Persian : مشهد ريزه‎ , also Romanized as Mashhad Rīzeh ; also known as Mashad - i - Riza and Meshed - i - Riza ) is a city in Miyan Velayat District , Taybad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Edwin H. Armstrong House , in Yonkers in Westchester County , New York , is unusual for having achieved listing on the National Register of Historic Places and even designation as a National Historic Landmark , only to be demolished .
Thornwood Common is a village on the B1393 road , in the civil parish of North Weald Bassett and the Epping Forest district of Essex , England .
The First Congregational Parsonage or Wabasha Chiropractic Clinic -- formerly located at 305 Second Street West in Wabasha , Minnesota , United States -- is an example of a nineteenth - century frame Italianate residence .
The Spencer Gulf Important Bird Area comprises a 46,038 hectares ( 113,760 acres ) strip of coastal land extending for about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) along the north - eastern coast of the Spencer Gulf in South Australia .
The Hulet Clark Farmstead is located along South Plank Road north of the hamlet of Westtown , in the Town of Minisink , New York , United States .
Phikkal Bazar फिक्कल बजार is a former Village Development Committee ( VDC ) and now part of Suryodaya Municipality in Ilam District in the Mechi Zone of eastern Nepal .
The St. Claude Avenue Bridge is a bascule bridge with four vehicular lanes over the Industrial Canal in New Orleans , Louisiana .
The Sapporo Tsukisamu Gymnasium ( 札幌市月寒体育館 ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Toyohira - ku , Sapporo , Hokkaidō .
The District Council of Clare and Gilbert Valleys is a local government area located in the Yorke and Mid North region of South Australia .
St Mary Magdalen Roman Catholic Church Mortlake is a Roman Catholic church in North Worple Way , Mortlake , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Kagelestan - e Bar Aftab ( Persian : كاگلستان برافتاب‎ , also Romanized as Kāgelestān - e Bar Āftāb ; also known as Kakolstan - e Baraftab ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Zalaqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
La Canonja is a municipality of the comarca of Tarragonès , in the province of Tarragona , in Catalonia , Spain .
Hawkins Island is an island in the northern part of the Gulf of Alaska in the state of Alaska , USA .
Ślężany ( ɕlɛ̃ˈʐanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Milewo Wielkie ( miˈlɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nazko Cone is a small potentially active basaltic cinder cone in central British Columbia , Canada , located 75 km west of Quesnel and 150 kilometers southwest of Prince George .
Ariniș ( Hungarian : Égerhát ) is a commune in Maramureș County , Romania .
Sahuk ( Persian : سهوك‎ , also Romanized as Sahūk ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Reynolds - Morris House is a historic house in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Coventry Gardens ( Reaume Park ) is a park in Windsor , Ontario , Canada on Riverside Drive , in the Pillette Village .
Lower Swabia ( German : Niederschwaben , Unterschwaben or Schwäbisches Unterland ) is a region in Germany in the federal state of Baden - Württemberg .
Gharib Mazraeh ( Persian : غريب مزرعه‎ , also Romanized as Gharīb Mazra``eh and Qarīb Mazra``eh ) is a village in Kuhpayeh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 28 families .
East Hall High School is a four year comprehensive high school located in the eastern portion of Hall County , Georgia , USA , operated by Hall County Schools .
Lockesburg Waterworks are a water storage and distribution facility at the junction of Hickory and Azalea Streets in Lockesburg , Arkansas .
Darber - e Razbashi ( Persian : داربررازباشي‎ , also Romanized as Dārber - e Rāzbāshī ; also known as Rāzbāshī Dārbar ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Neuhäusgen or Neuhaeusgen ( Luxembourgish : Neihaischen ) is a village in the commune of Schuttrange , in southern Luxembourg .
Kus Anbar ( Persian : كوس عنبر‎ , also Romanized as Kūs `` Anbar ) is a village in Saral Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 268 , in 47 families .
The Butler Armory is a historic National Guard armory located on Washington Street in Butler , Butler County , Pennsylvania .
Ballyheigue ( /ˌbæliˈhaɪɡ/ BAL - ee - HYEG ) , officially Ballyheige ( Irish : Baile Uí Thaidhg ) , which translates in English as Tadhg Heartnets town , is a coastal village in County Kerry , Ireland .
Ardinamir is an anchorage and small settlement on the island of Luing in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
The Grove at Shrewsbury is an upscale lifestyle center located on Route 35 in Shrewsbury , New Jersey , 1-mile ( 1.6 km ) south of downtown Red Bank .
Sabroom ( also spelt as Sabrum ) is a town and a nagar panchayat in South Tripura district in the Indian state of Tripura .
The Choo Choo Barn , Traintown U.S.A. is a 1,700-square - foot ( 160 m2 ) train display in Strasburg , Pennsylvania that features over 150 hand - built animated figures and vehicles and 22 operating trains .
The Sandy Second Ward Chapel ( formerly known as the Berean Baptist Church and the Anchor Baptist Church ) is a location in Sandy , Utah listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
D'Erp Castle , also known as De Borcht , ( Dutch : Kasteel d'Erp or De Borcht ) is a castle in Baarlo , Limburg , Netherlands .
Aghcheh Mashhad - e Char Dowli ( Persian : اغچه مشهدچاردولي‎ , also Romanized as Āghcheh Mashhad - e Chār Dowlī ; also known as Āghcheh Mashhad and Āghcheh Mashhad - e Chahār Dowlī ) is a village in Gavdul - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Popielarka ( pɔpjɛˈlarka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Simaxis ( Sardinian : Simaghis ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northeast of Oristano .
The Kalamazoo Public Library is an independent district library in Kalamazoo , Michigan , that serves about 120,000 people , has a salaried staff of 90 , and spends about $ 10 million annually .
Koninko ( kɔˈninkɔ ) ( German : Hagenfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The New Boston Inn is a historic inn at 101 North Main Street , the junction of Massachusetts Routes 8 and 57 in the center of the New Boston village of Sandisfield , Massachusetts .
KBOO is a non - profit organization , listener - funded FM Community radio station broadcasting from Portland , Oregon .
Mungathala is an old village in Sirohi district of in Indian state of Rajasthan .
Turupupalli is a village located on the banks of the river Bahuda in Chittoor District in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Hardens is a historic home and farm located near Lamptie Hill , Charles City County , Virginia .
Keysville Railroad Station is a historic railway station located at Keysville , Charlotte County , Virginia .
Fanling ( Chinese : 粉嶺 ; Cantonese pronunciation : ( fɐn˨˥ lɛːŋ˨˧ ) ) , also known as Fan Ling and Fan Leng , is an area in the New Territories East of Hong Kong .
Bezmiechowa Dolna ( bɛzmʲɛˈxɔva ˈdɔlna ) ( Ukrainian : Безмігова Долішня or Бізьмігова Долішня , Bezmihova Dolishnia or Biz’mihova Dolishnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Savannas Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park , located along much of the Atlantic Coast between Fort Pierce and Jensen Beach .
Bezd ( Persian : بزد‎ ; also known as Bezg and Bīzak ) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tooting Bec is a location in the London Borough of Wandsworth in south London .
The Fondation Cartier pour l'Art Contemporain , often known simply as the Fondation Cartier , is a contemporary art museum located at 261 boulevard Raspail in the 14th arrondissement of the French capital , Paris .
Darjazin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان درجزين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Rucker Canyon is a major canyon draining the western central - south of the Chiricahua Mountains , the central landform of the eastern third of Cochise County , Arizona 's extreme southeast , bordering southwest New Mexico .
The Choctaw National Wildlife Refuge is a 4,218 acre ( 17.07 km² ) National Wildlife Refuge located along the Tombigbee River near Coffeeville , Alabama .
The Lawrence Street Cemetery or more commonly known as `` the Village Burying Ground '' , is a historic cemetery on Lawrence Street in Methuen , Massachusetts .
WRLO - FM ( 105.3 FM ) is a radio station in Antigo , Wisconsin , USA that serves the Rhinelander , Wisconsin area .
Taykwa Tagamou Nation , formerly known as New Post First Nation , is a Cree First Nations band government whose reserve community is located in the Cochrane District in Ontario , Canada , along the Abitibi River .
Homeh ( Persian : همه‎ ; also known as Ḩūmeh and Hūmeh ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
CKQB - FM is a Canadian radio station which broadcasts at 106.9 FM in Ottawa , Ontario .
Rim Drive is a scenic highway in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon .
The Campbell Mithun Tower is a 41-floor tower located on 9th Street and 3rd Avenue in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Ko Nom Sao ( Thai : เกาะนมสาว , lit . female breast island ) are twin islands in Phang Nga Bay , and are part of the Ko Panyi ( เกาะปันหยี ) subdistrict ( tambon ) , Phang Nga Province , Thailand .
Laersdrif ( formerly Delagersdrift ) is a small settlement in Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Quchemi ( Persian : قوچمي‎ , also Romanized as Qūchemī ; also known as Gardangāh - e Qūchemī , Kuchimi , Kūshemī , Qūchī - ye Nāmdār , and Qūchmī - ye Nāmdār ) is a village in Homeyl Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
WZLA - FM ( 92.9 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format serving the Lakelands area of South Carolina .
Battelle Hall ( originally known as the Ohio Center ) is a 6,864 seat multi - purpose exhibit hall located in Columbus , Ohio , part of the Greater Columbus Convention Center .
Shakespeare Hall ( also known as Ballou , Johnson & Nichols ; Sprague -- Knight Building ) is an historic commercial building at 128 Dorrance Street in downtown Providence , Rhode Island .
Shaykh al - Hadid ( Arabic : شيخ الحديد‎ , also spelled Sheikh Hadid , Sheikh El - Hadid ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the Afrin District of the Aleppo Governorate , located northwest of Aleppo near the border with Turkey .
The Langdon Estate Gatehouse is a historic home located in Hyde Park in Dutchess County , New York .
The Strickland Road Historic District of Greenwich , Connecticut is a 9-acre ( 3.6 ha ) historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1990 .
The First State Bank of Chester is a historic bank building located at the intersection of Washington Avenue and 1st Street East in Chester , Montana .
Kosiny Bartosowe ( kɔˈɕinɨ bartɔˈsɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Midgley Museum is a city - owned museum located in the city of Enid , Oklahoma .
The Dirck Westbrook Stone House is located on Old Whitfield Road near the hamlet of Kerhonkson in the Town of Rochester , New York , United States .
Ridgeland - Hardeeville High School or RHHS is a public high school within the Jasper County School District , located in Ridgeland , South Carolina .
Foster Coulee is a coulee in Douglas County , Washington .
Radłowice ( radwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hemlock Ridge Multiple Use Area is an 80 acre ( 0.32 km2 ) state forest in New York , USA .
Pestagan ( Persian : پستگان‎ , also Romanized as Pestagān ; also known as Pestakān ) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District , Jafarabad District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
St Michael 's Collegiate School , colloquially known as `` Collegiate '' , is an independent , Anglican , day and boarding school for girls , located in Hobart , Tasmania , Australia .
The 1969 PGA Championship was the 51st PGA Championship , played August 14 - -17 at the South Course of NCR Country Club in Kettering , Ohio , a suburb south of Dayton .
Hasanabad - e Kalej ( Persian : حسن ابادكلج‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Kalej and Ḩasanābād - e Kaleh ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Basharyat - e Gharbi Rural District , Basharyat District , Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Canlis is a fine dining restaurant serving contemporary , New American cuisine in Seattle , Washington .
Hadilu ( Persian : هديلو‎ , also Romanized as Hādīlū and Hadīlū ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Cantalupa is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) southwest of Turin , at the foot of Monte Freidour .
Halakabad ( Persian : هلاك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Halākābād ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Easton Arena ( styled EASTON Arena , formerly Patrícia Ice Arena 37 and Zimný Štadión Piešťany ) is an arena in Piešťany , Slovakia .
Venable Mound ( the last remaining mound of the McTheney Mounds site ) is an archaeological site in Morehouse Parish , Louisiana with a single mound with components from the Troyville , Coles Creek and Plaquemine period .
Van Schaick Island is an island in the city of Cohoes , New York .
Huancané Province ( Aymara : Wankani listen ) is a province of the Puno Region in Peru .
The Association of Black Women Historians ( ABWH ) is a non - profit professional association based in Silver Spring , Maryland in the United States .
Clark State Forest , located just north of Henryville , Indiana in the United States , is Indiana 's oldest state forest , formed in 1903 as a forest research facility and a nursery and later expanded by the Works Progress Administration .
The Wilson Packing Plant was a division of the Wilson and Company meatpacking company located near South 27th and Y Streets in South Omaha , Nebraska .
Luserna ( Cimbrian : Lusérn , German : Lusern ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southeast of Trento .
Midjan ( Persian : ميدجان‎ , also Romanized as Mīdjān ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dunsmuir Municipal - Mott Airport ( FAA LID : 1O6 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Dunsmuir , a city in Siskiyou County , California , United States .
West Lawn Cemetery is in Canton , Ohio adjacent to the McKinley National Memorial .
Mission San Antonio de Padua is a Spanish mission established by the Franciscan order in present - day Monterey County , California , near the present - day town of Jolon .
Ona Beach State Park is a state park in Lincoln County , Oregon United States , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Rahmali ( Persian : رهمالي‎ , also Romanized as Rahmālī and Rāh Mālī ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Karneid ( Italian : Cornedo all'Isarco ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) east of the city of Bolzano .
The USU Botanical Center is a botanical garden and a Utah State University distance education site located in Kaysville near Salt Lake City , Utah .
Sang Chal ( Persian : سنگ چال‎ , also Romanized as Sang Chāl ) is a village in Chelav Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ayyam Pudhur village , Nagadevam Palayam post , is a small village of less than 150 inhabitants , situated in the Gobi taluk , Erode district in Tamil Nadu .
Novaya Lyalya ( Russian : Но́вая Ля́ля ) is a town and the administrative center of Novolyalinsky District in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Lyalya River , 306 kilometers ( 190 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
Mitchell Pass is a gap through the Wildcat Hills near Scottsbluff , Nebraska , immediately south of Scotts Bluff National Monument , and directly west of Gering , Nebraska .
Isfana is the administrative center of Leilek District .
Tang - e Fariab ( Persian : تنگ فارياب‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Fārīāb and Tang - e Fāreyāb ) is a village in Eram Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Strzałkowa ( stʂau̯ˈkɔva ) ( German : Schützendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Former Fire Hall No . 3 is a municipal designated historic building located in the Nutana neighborhood of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Thomas J. Autzen House is a house located in northeast Portland , Oregon , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Koepoort or Westerpoort is a city gate in Enkhuizen .
Knopin ( ˈknɔpin ) ( German Knopen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre Miasto , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hulunbuir or Hūlúnbèi'ěr ( Mongolian : ᠬᠥᠯᠥᠨ ᠪᠤᠶᠢᠷ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ Kölön Buyir qota ; Chinese : 呼伦贝尔市 , Hūlúnbèiěr ) is a region that is governed as a prefecture - level city in northeastern Inner Mongolia , in the China .
Lasalle Secondary School is located in the New Sudbury neighbourhood of Greater Sudbury , Ontario .
Chenas ( Persian : چناس‎ , also Romanized as Chenās , Chanas , and Chonās ; also known as Chūnās ) is a village in Qarah Kahriz Rural District , Qarah Kahriz District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Scenic Rim is a group of forested mountain ranges of the Great Dividing Range straddling the border between south - eastern Queensland and north - eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Mundemba is a town in Southwest Province , of Cameroon and the capital of the Ndian Division .
Darjuneh ( Persian : دارجونه‎ , also Romanized as Dārjūneh ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Sapcote is a small village in the south west of Leicestershire , England , with a population of approximately 2,700 .
Plaza West Covina , formerly Westfield West Covina , and before that Plaza at West Covina , West Covina Fashion Plaza , and West Covina Plaza , is a large regional shopping mall in West Covina , California , owned by the Starwood Capital Group .
The Captain William Lucas and Robert Lucas House , also known as Linden Spring , is a large stone house near Shepherdstown in Jefferson County , West Virginia , United States .
Dirigo High School is a high school located in Dixfield , Maine , in the United States as part of Maine Regional School Unit 10 .
Stanisławczyk ( staniˈswaft͡ʂɨk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Smith Falls , at 63 feet ( 19 m ) , is the highest waterfall in the state of Nebraska .
Highgate Cemetery is a place of burial in north London , England .
Ancuty ( anˈt͡sutɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Laran - e Olya ( Persian : لاران عليا‎ , also Romanized as Larān - e `` Olyā and Lārān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District , Bayangan District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 126 , in 28 families .
Firuz Ja - ye Sabet ( Persian : فيروزجاثابت‎ , also Romanized as Fīrūz Jā - ye S̄ābet ; also known as Fīrūz Jāh and Fīrūz Jāh - e S̄ābet ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Franknowo ( frankˈnɔvɔ ) ( German Frankenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cape Romanzof LRRS Airport ( IATA : CZF , ICAO : PACZ , FAA LID : CZF ) is a military airstrip located six nautical miles ( 6.9 miles , 11 km ) southeast of Cape Romanzof , in the Kusilvak Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Hamilton Round Barn is a historic round barn located near Mannington , Marion County , West Virginia .
Wuqi District ( Chinese : 梧棲區 ; pinyin : Wúqī Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Gô͘-chhe - khu ) is a coastal suburban district in southern Taichung , Taiwan .
Helen and Leonard Moretz Stadium is an 8,500-seat stadium located in Hickory , North Carolina .
Włodzice Wielkie ( vwɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Walditz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Doi Ngam ( Thai : ดอยงาม ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Phan District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
The Crow Wing Chain of Lakes is a chain of eleven shallow lakes along the Crow Wing River in Hubbard County , Minnesota , approximately 90 miles ( 140 km ) upstream from the Crow Wing 's confluence with the Mississippi River .
Service de sécurité incendie de l'agglomération de Longueuil ( SSIAL ) is responsible for fire and rescue operations in Longueuil , Brossard , Saint - Lambert , Saint - Bruno - de - Montarville and Boucherville , Quebec , Canada .
Grand Mesa Scenic and Historic Byway , also known at the Grand Mesa National Scenic and Historic Byway , is a scenic byway in Colorado .
The Beaver Hills Historic District is a 97-acre ( 39 ha ) historic district in the Beaver Hills neighborhood of New Haven , Connecticut .
Swobodnia ( sfɔˈbɔdɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chenfu Township ( simplified Chinese : 陈府乡 ; traditional Chinese : 陳府鄉 ; pinyin : Chénfǔ Xiāng ) is a township of Dachang Hui Autonomous County in the rough centre of the Sanhe exclave of Hebei province , China , situated less than 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) southeast of the county seat .
The Little Ferry Circle is a traffic circle connecting U.S. Route 46 and Bergen Turnpike in Little Ferry , New Jersey .
Meleh Galeh ( Persian : مله گاله‎ , also Romanized as Meleh Gāleh and Moleh Gāleh ; also known as Meleh Gāleh - ye Jadīd and Mol - e Gāleh ) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
La Sierra University ( La Sierra or LSU ) is a Seventh - day Adventist co - educational university located in Riverside , California , United States .
Fleet Marston is a civil parish and deserted medieval village in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England .
Dallas Country Club is a country club located in the town of Highland Park in Dallas County , Texas .
Ottumwa City Hall is the official seat of government for the city of Ottumwa , Iowa , United States .
Schwesing ( Danish : Svesing , North Frisian : Swiasing ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Radzików - Kornica ( raˈd͡ʑikuf kɔrˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lake Louise State Park is a Minnesota state park just north of the Iowa border near the small town of Le Roy in Mower County , Minnesota , directly south of Rochester .
Harkenbäk ( or Harkenbeck , Harkenbeek ) is a creek in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany that empties into the Baltic Sea .
Zatorowizna - Kresy ( zatɔrɔˈvizna ˈkrɛsɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Qeysariyeh - ye Vosta ( Persian : قيصريه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Qeysarīyeh - ye Vostá ) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Antil Plains Aerodrome was an aerodrome located 19.38 kilometres ( 12.04 mi ) south of Townsville , Queensland , Australia near Antill Plains .
Xuyi County ( simplified Chinese : 盱眙县 ; traditional Chinese : 盱眙縣 ; pinyin : Xūyí Xiàn ) is under the administration of Huai'an , Jiangsu province , China .
St. Paul 's Choir School is a Catholic choir school located at The Church of St. Paul ( Harvard Square ) in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Bitter Creek National Wildlife Refuge is located in the foothills of the southwestern San Joaquin Valley in Kern County , California .
The Hotel Norfolk , at 108 N. Fourth St. in Norfolk , Nebraska , was completed in 1926 .
Wójcik - Fryszerka ( ˈvui̯t͡ɕik frɨˈʂɛrka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kam - e Zardu ( Persian : كم زردو‎ , also Romanized as Kam - e Zardū ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Karkanak ( Persian : كركانك‎ , also Romanized as Karkānak ) is a village in Khondab Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Płoskinia - Kolonia ( pwɔsˈkiɲa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Taghmon ( Irish : Teach Munna , meaning `` House of Munn '' ) is a village in County Wexford , Ireland .
Chehaw Park is a park and zoo located in Albany , Georgia .
Kents Bank is a small village in Cumbria , England , so named for its proximity to the River Kent estuary .
Ashow is a small village and civil parish in the Warwick district of Warwickshire , England , about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) south - east of central Kenilworth .
Reifenstein Castle ( German : Burg Reifenstein , Italian : Castel Tasso ) is a castle in Freienfeld , near Sterzing , in South Tyrol ( northern Italy ) .
Hołubla ( xɔˈwubla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Walebing Important Bird Area comprises a 13 km2 tract of land in the vicinity of the rural township of Walebing , in the northern whatbelt region of south - west Western Australia .
Łukówek ( wuˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Malechówko ( malɛˈxufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Acasta Gneiss is a tonalite gneiss in the Slave craton in Northwest Territories , Canada .
Massena Central High School is a four - year public high school located in Massena , New York for students in grades 9 through 12 .
Sexten ( Italian : Sesto ( ˈsɛsto ) ) is a comune in South Tyrol in northern Italy .
Hasanabad - e La Anar ( Persian : حسن ابادلاانار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Lā Ānār ; also known as ' ' asanābād , Ḩasanābād , and Hasan Abad Hoomeh ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Albertus Magnus College is a Catholic private liberal arts college in New Haven , Connecticut , United States .
Westhall is a village in Suffolk , England about 3 miles ( 5 km ) north east of Halesworth , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south west of Brampton and 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Beccles , close to the A145 .
Vansda , also known as Bansda , is a city and a municipality in the Navsari district in the Indian State of Gujarat , covering an area of 557 km² .
Aldeneik Abbey ( Dutch : Klooster van Aldeneik ) is a former Benedictine abbey in Aldeneik , now a suburb of Maaseik , in the province of Limburg in eastern Belgium .
Rose Hill Gymnasium is a 3,200-seat multi - purpose arena on the Rose Hill campus of Fordham University in The Bronx , New York City , New York .
Sar Jowshar - e Ahhad ( Persian : سرجوشراحد‎ , also Romanized as Sar Jowshar - e Aḩḩad ) is a village in Tashan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tashan District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Gage Group Buildings consist of three buildings located at 18 , 24 and 30 S. Michigan Avenue , between Madison Street and Monroe Street , in Chicago , Illinois .
Ware 's Tavern is a historic tavern ( now a private residence ) at 113 S. Main Street in Sherborn , Massachusetts .
Paralar ( Persian : پارالار‎ , also Romanized as Pārālār ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Maison Radio - Canada ( sometimes Maison de Radio - Canada ) is a skyscraper in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , constructed in 1973 as a home for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's operations in Montreal .
The Thomas Lambert House is a historic colonial First Period house at 142 Main Street in Rowley , Massachusetts , United States .
The Western Corridor Recycled Water Scheme , a recycled water project , is located in the South East region of Queensland in Australia .
The Queen City Pool and Pool House , also known as the Queen City Pool , is a historic bathhouse and swimming pool located in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , USA .
Gaszów ( ˈɡaʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
David Geffen Hall is a concert hall in New York City 's Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts complex on Manhattan 's Upper West Side .
Villa Kerylos in Beaulieu - sur - Mer is a Greek - style property built in the early 1900s by French archaeologist Theodore Reinach , and his wife Fanny Kann , a daughter of Maximilien Kann and Betty Ephrussi , of the Ephrussi family .
Snailwell is a small village and civil parish in East Cambridgeshire , England around 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) north of Newmarket .
Ban Aen ( Thai : บ้านแอ่น ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Doi Tao District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Białowody ( bjawɔˈvɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Aq Bagh ( Persian : اق باغ‎ , also Romanized as Āq Bāgh ) is a village in Hesar Rural District , Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Nowata Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : H66 ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Nowata , a city in Nowata County , Oklahoma , United States .
Göppingen station is a station in the town of Göppingen in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Homeyla ( Persian : حميلا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩomeylā ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tod Highway is an important 177 kilometre highway serving South Australia 's Eyre Peninsula 's wheatbelt .
Prokopów ( prɔˈkɔpuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
For details of education in the Haringey portion of Highgate see the London Borough of Haringey article .
Renapur is a Town in Latur subdivision of Latur District in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Betz Airport is located two miles north of Blissfield , Michigan in Bliffield Township .
The Nördlinger Hut ( German : Nördlinger Hütte ) is an Alpine Club hut belonging to the German Alpine Club that is situated at a height of 2,239 m above sea level ( AA ) south of the summit of the Reither Spitze in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Dhamay is small village situated in Nakhatrana taluka of Kutch district , in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Hersden is a village east of Canterbury in Kent , South East England .
Mayberry Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church at 1127 Mayberry Church Road in Meadows of Dan , Patrick County , Virginia .
The Enterprise Grange , No . 173 is a historic Grange hall at 446 Dow Road in Orrington , Maine .
Noqsan - e Kapari ( Persian : نقصان كپري‎ , also Romanized as Noqşān - e Kaparī ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Emory Place Historic District is a historic district in Knoxville , Tennessee , United States , located just north of the city 's downtown area .
Gerdah Sang ( Persian : گرده سنگ‎ ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Big Oak Tree State Park is a state - owned nature preserve with recreational features encompassing 1,029 acres ( 416 ha ) in East Prairie , Missouri , United States .
Kuklinów ( kuˈklinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Franklin Court is complex of museums , structures , and historic sites within Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Westham is a large village civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex , England .
The Bundesstraße 30 ( abbreviated B30 ) is a highly frequented federal highway in Germany running through Upper Swabia in Baden - Württemberg from Ulm to Friedrichshafen on Lake Constance .
Hopesay is a small village , and civil parish , in south Shropshire , England .
Inkaneep Provincial Park is a provincial park near Oliver , British Columbia , Canada , located just south of the town of Okanagan Falls .
The MIT Science Fiction Society ( or MITSFS ) of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology is a student organization which maintains and administers a large publicly - accessible library of science fiction , fantasy , and science fantasy books and magazines .
Konar - e Gavan ( Persian : كنارگاوان‎ , also Romanized as Konār - e Gāvān ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Naghan - e Olya ( Persian : ناغان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Nāghān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Milas Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 431 , in 71 families .
Shizar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شيزر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Teremiski ( tɛrɛˈmiski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białowieża , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Kundgol also spelled as Kundagola is a panchayat town in Dharwad district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
The Whitewater Shaker Settlement ( also known as White Water Shaker Village ) is a former Shaker settlement near New Haven in Crosby Township , Hamilton County , Ohio , United States .
Qazilu ( Persian : قاضيلو‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕīlū ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Markazi Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Roger Williams National Memorial is a landscaped urban park located on a common lot of the original settlement of Providence , Rhode Island , by Roger Williams in 1636 .
Perth Institute of Contemporary Arts ( PICA ) is a contemporary visual and performance arts venue located in Perth , Western Australia .
Winchester Airport , ( TC LID : CNA8 ) , was located 3 NM ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) south of Winchester , Ontario , Canada , south of Ottawa .
Gutkowice - Nowiny ( ɡutkɔˈvit͡sɛ nɔˈvinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Childs Hill Park is a public park in Childs Hill in the London Borough of Barnet .
Frank Phillips College is a community college located in Borger in Hutchinson County in the Texas Panhandle .
The Freehold Regional High School District is a public regional school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from eight communities in western Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
Pontedecimo is a district on the far northern outskirts of the Italian city of Genoa , and is located in the Polcevera valley .
Totaladoh ( Marathi : तोतलाडोह ) is a census town in Nagpur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Lake Hobart , also known as Rocky Lake , is a reservoir in Washita County , Oklahoma , just to the northwest of Rocky , off U.S. Route 183 and the N2200 and N2190 roads .
The Hollywood Split ( officially Bruce T. Hinman Memorial Interchange ) is a freeway interchange in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles , California .
Central Sulawesi ( Indonesian Sulawesi Tengah ) is a province of Indonesia located at the centre of the island of Sulawesi .
Niles North High School , or NNHS , is a public four - year high school located in Skokie , Illinois , a North Shore suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Piper Orchard is a fruit orchard containing primarily heirloom apple trees , located within Seattle Washington 's Carkeek Park .
Augustynka ( auɡusˈtɨŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Nedre Fiplingvatnet ( Southern Sami : Fijhpelogkoe ) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county , Norway .
Lake Wales Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : X07 ) is a public - use airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) west of the central business district of the city of Lake Wales in Polk County , Florida , United States .
The Bethany Reservoir is located 8 miles ( 13 km ) northeast of Livermore , California , USA , on the California Aqueduct .
L'Orient - Le Jour was first published on 1 September 1970 , following the merger of two French language Lebanese dailies , L'Orient ( founded in Beirut in 1924 by Gabriel Khabbaz and Georges Naccache ) and Le Jour ( founded in 1934 by Michel Chiha ) .
The Wikipedia Monument ( Polish : Pomnik Wikipedii ) , located in Słubice , Poland , is a statue designed by Armenian sculptor Mihran Hakobyan honoring Wikipedia contributors .
Eldorado River ( alternate Eldorado Creek ) is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Ab Rah ( Persian : اب راه‎ , also Romanized as Āb Rāh ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Varpey ( Persian : ورپي‎ ; also known as Varī Pey ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Parañaque , officially the City of Parañaque ( Filipino : Lungsod ng Parañaque ) is one of the cities and municipalities that make up Metro Manila in the Philippines .
The Torre de Cristal ( Spanish for Tower of Glass ) is a skyscraper in the Cuatro Torres Business Area in Madrid , Spain , completed in 2008 .
Guadalcanal Province is one of the provinces of the Solomon Islands , consisting of the island of Guadalcanal .
Salanquch ( Persian : سالانقوچ‎ , also Romanized as Sālānqūch ; also known as Sālān Gūch and Sālānfūj ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Firuzabad - e Pacheqa ( Persian : فيروزابادپاچقا‎ , also Romanized as Fīrūzābād - e Pācheqā and Fīrūzābād Pāchoqā ; also known as Fīrūzābād ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The John Olness House is a house in Kragnes Township , Clay County , Minnesota , just north of Moorhead on U.S. Route 75 .
Carvers Bay High School is a high school in Georgetown County , South Carolina , USA , and is part of the Georgetown County School District .
Cempkowo ( t͡sɛmpˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Formakin House is an early 20th - century mansion and estate in Renfrewshire , Scotland .
When the Helvetic Republic collapsed in 1803 , Saanen and its district became a district in the new Canton of Bern .
Bangkok Arena is an indoor sporting arena , located in Nong Chok District of Bangkok , Thailand .
Kilmun ( Scottish Gaelic : Cill Mhunna ) is a linear settlement on the north shore of the Holy Loch in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
The Hottentots Holland Mountains are part of the Cape Fold Belt in the Western Cape , South Africa .
The Flourtown Fire Company is a volunteer fire company that provides fire protection and emergency medical services to Springfield Township , in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Stickpile Tunnel , also known as Greenridge Tunnel , is an abandoned railroad tunnel in Allegany County , Maryland , located about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) southwest of Little Orleans .
The Bialystoker Synagogue at 7 - 11 Bialystoker Place , formerly Willett Street , between Grand and Broome Streets in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue .
Lardgaram - e Pain ( Persian : لردگرم پائين‎ , also Romanized as Lardgaram - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Tarom Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Mroczno ( ˈmrɔt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziczno , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Stalag X - B was a World War II German Prisoner - of - war camp located near Sandbostel in Lower Saxony in north - western Germany .
The Starrett - Lehigh Building at 601 West 26th Street between Eleventh and Twelfth Avenues and between 26th and 27th Streets in Chelsea , Manhattan , New York City , is a full - block freight terminal , warehouse and office building .
The municipality was part of the old Morges District until it was dissolved on 31 August 2006 , and Clarmont became part of the new district of Morges .
Liszno ( ˈliʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Framingham Reservoir No . 2 Dam and Gatehouse is a historic water works facility in Framingham , Massachusetts .
Hajjiabad - e Bazzazi ( Persian : حاجي ابادبزازي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Bazzāzī ) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District , Atamalek District , Jowayin County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The ISSUE Project Room ( often shortened to ISSUE ) is a music venue in Brooklyn , New York founded in 2003 by Suzanne Fiol .
Vrboska is a settlement on the north coast of the island of Hvar in Dalmatia , Croatia , in the Municipality of Jelsa .
Cummingston is located on the north - east coast of Scotland in Moray .
Koppuchithampatti is a village panchayat in Aruppukottai Taluk , Virudhunagar district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Garden Creek site is an archaeological site located 24 miles ( 39 km ) west of Asheville , North Carolina in Haywood County at the confluence of the Pigeon River and Garden Creek near Canton and the Pisgah National Forest .
Lages , formerly Lajens , is a Brazilian municipality located in the central part of the state of Santa Catarina , in the region known in Portuguese as `` Planalto Serrano '' .
Sanchaung Township ( Burmese : စမ်းချောင်း မြို့နယ် ( sáɴdʑáʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the north central part of Yangon .
Panhalakaji Caves are situated in the Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra state .
The Casman Centre ( formerly the Thickwood Heights Arena ) is located in Fort McMurray , Alberta , Canada , and is best known as the home of the Alberta Junior Hockey League 's Fort McMurray Oil Barons .
Lopushnia , Lopushnya , sometimes Lopushna ( Ukrainian : Лопушня , Polish : Lopuszna , Lopusznia ) - is village of 282 people in Rohatyn Raion of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast in western part of Ukraine .
Xicheng District ( simplified Chinese : 西城区 ; traditional Chinese : 西城區 ; pinyin : Xīchéng Qū , lit . `` West City District '' ) is a district of Beijing .
Shesh Bard ( Persian : شش برد‎ ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Lindal - in - Furness is a village on the Furness peninsula of Cumbria , England .
McClure Pass ( el . 2671 m./8755 ft . ) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of western Colorado in the United States .
Boxer Stadium ( also known as Matthew J. Boxer Stadium ) is a soccer stadium in San Francisco , California .
The Sault Memorial Gardens was the focal point of ice hockey in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , for 57 years from 1949 to 2006 .
The Bridge of Dreams is a 370-foot covered bridge located near Brinkhaven , Ohio .
WGBK 88.5 FM is a non commercial radio station operated by the students and faculty advisers of Glenbrook South High School in Glenview , Cook County , Illinois and Glenbrook North High School in Northbrook , Illinois .
Piti Shim - e Pain ( Persian : پيتي شيمپايين‎ , also Romanized as Pītī Shīm - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lago della Sella is a reservoir near St. Gotthard Pass in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland .
Bosjökloster ( English : Bosjö Abbey ) on the shore of Lake Ringsjön in Höör Municipality , Scania , southern Sweden was originally a nunnery , founded in 1080 by the Benedictine Order .
St Donats ( Welsh : Sain Dunwyd ) is a village and community in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales , located just west of the small town of Llantwit Major .
Qarah Safarlu ( Persian : قره صفرلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Şafarlū ; also known as Dūl Bāghī ) is a village in Kaghazkonan - e Shomali Rural District , Kaghazkonan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Triesen is the third largest of Liechtenstein 's municipalities .
Vattakkalvalasu is a village in Kilambadi town panchayat in Erode district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Srinagar colony is an important commercial and residential area in the west zone of Hyderabad , India .
Lewików ( lɛˈvikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Witkowo II ( German Wittichow bei Stargard ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński , within Stargard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Patuxent Wildlife Research Center is a biological research center in Maryland .
Poilvache Castle ( French : Château de Poilvache ) is a ruined medieval castle in the municipality of Yvoir in the province of Namur , Belgium , overlooking the village of Houx from a clifftop on the Meuse River .
The Cher - Ae Heights Indian Community of the Trinidad Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Chetco , Hupa , Karuk , Tolowa , Wiyot , and Yurok people in Humboldt County , California .
Rudzie ( ˈrud͡ʑe ) ( German : Rodenstein , until 1938 Rudzie ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Pisgah Astronomical Research Institute ( PARI ) ( pronounced perry ) is a non - profit astronomical observatory located in the Pisgah National Forest near Balsam Grove , North Carolina .
Shorter University is a private , coeducational , liberal arts university located in Rome , Georgia .
Amiantos ( Greek : Αμίαντος ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 9 km south - west of Kyperounta .
Faisalabad District ( Urdu : ضلع فیصل آباد‎ ) is one of the districts of Punjab province , Pakistan .
St. George Antiochian Orthodox Church in Lowell , Massachusetts , is an Eastern Orthodox parish under the jurisdiction of the Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America .
The Utkeagvik Church Manse ( also known as the Utkeagvik Presbyterian Church Manse and The Pastor 's House ) is a historic church parsonage off Momegan Street in Barrow , Alaska .
Yucca Airstrip ( IATA : UCC , ICAO : KUCC , FAA LID : NV11 ) is a private - use airport located 17 miles ( 27 km ) north of the central business district of Mercury , in Nye County , Nevada , United States .
The Dominguez - Escalante National Conservation Area is a 209,610-acre ( 848.3 km2 ) National Conservation Area located in western Colorado southeast of Grand Junction and northwest of Montrose .
Okkodo High School ( also known as Ukudu High School and Wettengel High School ) is a public secondary school located in Dededo , Guam ( an insular area of the United States ) .
Chrystkowo ( xrɨstˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Christfelde ; before 1873 : Krystkowo ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Lansdowne Christian Church ( LCC , also known as Hull Memorial ) was established in 1903 in Lansdowne , Maryland .
The Hilda Lindley House is a former U.S. Army fire control station in Indian Field in Montauk , New York .
The Cornwall Bridge ( also known as Bridge No . 560 ) is a two - lane , concrete arch bridge carrying U.S. Route 7/Connecticut Route 4 over the Housatonic River and the Housatonic Railroad in Northwestern Connecticut .
Farranfore ( Irish : An Fearann Fuar , meaning `` the cold land '' ) is a village in County Kerry , Ireland .
Pishkeli Jan - e Pain ( Persian : پيشكليجان پايين‎ , also Romanized as Pīshkelī Jān - e Pā’īn ; also known as Peshgel Jān - e Pā’īn and Pīshkījān ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Summer Chapel , Prince Frederick 's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal chapel associated with Prince Frederick 's Episcopal Church and located on CR 52 in Plantersville , Georgetown County , South Carolina .
The Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations or The Great Exhibition , sometimes referred to as the Crystal Palace Exhibition in reference to the temporary structure in which it was held , was an international exhibition that took place in Hyde Park , London , from 1 May to 11 October 1851 .
WTKA is a radio station located in Ann Arbor , Michigan , that broadcasts on 1050 AM .
Forest Hills Cemetery is a historic 275-acre ( 1.1 km2 ) cemetery , greenspace , arboretum and sculpture garden located in the Forest Hills section of the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary ( RPTS ) is a seminary located in Point Breeze , Pennsylvania , United States .
Fidor ( ˈfidɔr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Dickweiler is a village in the commune of Rosport , in eastern Luxembourg .
The Ishpeming Municipal Building is a public building located at 100 East Division Street in Ishpeming , Michigan .
Ronchi dei Legionari ( Friulian : Roncjis , Slovene : Ronke ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Gorizia .
Khvajeh Anvar ( Persian : خواجه انور‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Anvar ; also known as Khājawar , Khajeh Anvar , and Khvājehvar ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St Leonards - on - Sea ( commonly known as St Leonards ) has been part of Hastings , East Sussex , England , since the late 19th century though it retains a sense of separate identity .
Ngarrabullgan ( also Njrrabulgan , Nurrabullgan or Ngarrabullgin ) , officially named Mount Mulligan by the State , is a large tabletop mountain ( 18 km by 6.5 km ) located 100 kilometres west of Cairns in the north of Queensland ( Australia ) .
Letang Bhogateni , `` लेटाङ भोगटेनी '' is a Municipality in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern Nepal formed by merging existing Village Development Committees Letang and Bhogateni .
Angmering is a large , narrow village and civil parish between Littlehampton and Worthing in West Sussex just to the south of the South Downs National Park , England .
Ternavka ( Ukrainian : Тернавка ; Romanian : Târnauca ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Hertsa Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Kahn - e Yowr ( Persian : كهن ياور‎ ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Farsangi Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Piketon Mounds ( also called Graded Way ) are a group of earthworks located in Piketon , Ohio in the United States .
Mehravan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مهروان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sham Mong Road ( Chinese languagesChinese : 深旺道 ) is a major road on the new reclamation of the 1990s in western Kowloon and New Kowloon of Hong Kong .
Blochy ( ˈblɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Övre Rudasjön ( Swedish for `` Upper Crucian carp Lake '' ) , or Övre Rudan for short , is a lake in Haninge Municipality , 18 km ( 11 mi ) south of central Stockholm , Sweden .
The Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum ( ACAM ) is a Canadian aerospace museum located in the Halifax Regional Municipality in the province of Nova Scotia .
Mandarabad or Mender Abad ( Persian : مندراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mandarābād ; formerly , Mohammadabad ( Persian : محمّدآباد‎ ) , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Shal District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Streets of Woodfield is a shopping center located at I-290 and Higgins Rd . in Schaumburg , Illinois , directly across from Woodfield Mall .
Khaleseh Divani ( Persian : خالصه ديواني‎ , also Romanized as Khāleşeh Dīvānī and Khāleseh - Ye - Dīvānī ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Ricards House - Linden Hall near Bridgeville , Delaware , USA , also known as Conaway House , is a historic house that was builtin five sections between 1731 and the mid-1960s .
KIGC ( 88.7 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station that serves the William Penn College campus and the Oskaloosa , Iowa area .
The Rushmoor Community Stadium ( commonly known as Cherrywood Road ) is the ground of Farnborough F.C. and the former home of Farnborough Town F.C. before the club went out of business in 2007 .
The Winthrop Glacier is a large glacier on the northeastern side of Mount Rainier in Washington .
The Marvelwood School is a college preparatory private boarding school located in Kent , Connecticut , USA .
Chenar Bon - e Keshteli ( Persian : چناربن كشتلي‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Bon - e Keshtelī ; also known as Chenār Bon ) is a village in Gatab - e Shomali Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wendover Airport ( IATA : ENV , ICAO : KENV , FAA LID : ENV ) is a county owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Wendover , a city in Tooele County , Utah , United States .
Silver Springs Airport ( ICAO : KSPZ , FAA LID : SPZ , formerly B08 ) is a public use airport located 2 nmi ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) southwest of the central business district of Silver Springs , in Lyon County , Nevada , United States .
WMGU ( 106.9 FM , `` Magic 106.9 '' ) is an Urban Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station in the Fayetteville , North Carolina , USA , market .
Ziaabad District ( Persian : بخش ضیاءآباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The City of Kingston is a local government area in Victoria , Australia in the south - eastern suburbs of Melbourne , its northern boundary lying approximately 15 km from the Melbourne city centre along the north - eastern shorelines of Port Phillip .
Waukesha County Airport ( IATA : UES , ICAO : KUES , FAA LID : UES ) , also known as Crites Field , is a public - use airport located two miles ( 3 km ) north of the central business district of Waukesha , a city in Waukesha County , Wisconsin , United States .
Nowiny Brdowskie ( nɔˈvinɨ ˈbrdɔfskʲɛ ) ( German : Neuhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Baħrija is a small rural village in Rabat , Malta , with a population that is growing .
Eindhoven ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɛi̯ntɦoːvə(n ) ) ) is a municipality and a city located in the province of North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands , originally at the confluence of the Dommel and Gender streams .
Ajan Qarah Khvajeh ( Persian : اجن قره خوجه‎ , also Romanized as Ajan Qarah Khvājeh and Ajan Qareh Khvājeh ) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Neen Sollars is a village and civil parish in south east Shropshire , England .
Biernatówek ( bjɛrnaˈtuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głubczyce , within Głubczyce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Shan State ( ရှမ်းပြည်နယ် , pronounced : ( ʃáɴ pjìnɛ̀ ) ; Shan : မိူင်းတႆး ( mə́ŋ.táj ) ; Thai : รัฐฉาน ) is a state of Myanmar .
Tartus Governorate ( Arabic : مُحافظة طرطوس‎ / ALA - LC : Muḥāfaẓat Ṭarṭūs ) is one of the fourteen governorates ( provinces ) of Syria .
Oakland Square Historic District in the Central Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , contains 99 properties .
Weaver & Devore Trading is a family - run , independent general store located in Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Staples Pond is located in the town of Temple , Maine , in the United States .
The Ridgewood Country Club ( RCC ) is a country club located in Paramus , New Jersey , a suburb northwest of New York City in Bergen County .
Chaleh Qu ( Persian : چاله قو‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh Qū ; also known as Chāleh Ghū ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
On 1 January 2011 , the former municipalities of Wahlern and Albligen merged in the new municipality of Schwarzenburg .
The Kfar Habad Railway Station is a railway station in the central Israeli town of Kfar Chabad .
Flagler College is a private four - year liberal arts college in located in St. Augustine , Florida , United States .
YMCA Camp Tecumseh Outdoor Center is located in Indiana near the towns of Brookston , Indiana and Delphi , Indiana on the Tippecanoe River .
Goteysh ( Persian : گطيش‎ , also Romanized as Goţeysh , Gatīsh , and Gotīsh ; also known as Ḩarmaleh , Komeyt , Kumait , Qowmāt , and Qūmāt ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kolonia Rzeczyca ( kɔˈlɔɲa ʐɛˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chah Nahr ( Persian : چاه نهر‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Nahr and Chāh - e Nahr ; also known as Chāh Nar ) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District , in the Central District of Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Riotuerto ( Rutuertu in Cantabrian ) is one of the municipalities of Cantabria , lying between the North Coast of the Cantábrican Sea and the mountains of the Cantabrian Sierra .
Blue Mountain Hospital offers medical services in John Day , Oregon , United States .
Pacific Pines State Park is a small Washington state park on the Long Beach Peninsula , just north of Ocean Park .
Warwick Senior High School is a co - educational government school in the northern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia .
Havang ( Persian : هاونگ‎ , also Romanized as Hāvang ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Orange Public Library is the free public library in Orange , in Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
Lockerbie ( Scottish Gaelic : Locarbaidh ) is a town in Dumfries and Galloway , south - western Scotland .
The Keyesville massacre occurred on April 19 , 1863 , in Tulare County , now Kern County , California , during the Owens Valley Indian War .
David F. Hoy Field , usually referred to simply as Hoy Field , is a baseball field at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , where the Big Red 's baseball team plays .
Sokołów County ( Polish : powiat sokołowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
Valentines High School ( VHS ) is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form located in the Ilford area of the London Borough of Redbridge , England .
Kuli Darreh ( Persian : كولي دره‎ , also Romanized as Kūlī Darreh ; also known as Gavī Darreh and Kūlardeh ) is a village in Vargahan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Seh Korreh ( Persian : سه کره‎ , also known as Seh Korreh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Săcueni ( Romanian pronunciation : ( səkuˈjenʲ ) ; Hungarian : Székelyhíd ; German : Zickelhid ; Turkish : Sengevi ) is a town in Bihor County , Romania .
Marked Tree High School is a comprehensive public high school for students in grades 7 through 12 in Marked Tree , Arkansas , United States .
The Titicus River is an 8.5 mile river in southwestern Connecticut and southeastern New York that drains into the Titicus Reservoir , part of New York City 's water supply system .
Pitfour Castle is an 18th - century country house situated on the southeast edge of the village of St Madoes in the Carse of Gowrie , Perthshire , Scotland .
Royal Canadian Navy base HMCS Protector , also known as the Point Edward Naval Base , was located next to Sydney Harbour , on Nova Scotia 's Cape Breton Island .
Hesar - e Shineh ( Persian : حصارشنه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Shīneh , Hesār Sheneh , Ḩeşār Shīneh , and Ḩeşār Sīneh ) is a village in Qanavat Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
John Little State Natural Reserve is a state park unit of California , United States , protecting a section of steep , rugged cliffs on the Big Sur coast .
Die Insel ( in English `` The Island '' ) was a German literary and art magazine that was published in Munich from 1899 to 1901 by Otto Julius Bierbaum , Alfred Walter Heymel , and Rudolf Alexander Schröder .
Mount Saint Mary College is a private , co - educational , four - year liberal arts college , located in Newburgh in the mid - Hudson Valley region of New York State .
The Beech Street Grounds were a baseball - only stadium in Manchester , New Hampshire between 1892 and 1895 .
Gutowiec ( ɡuˈtɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Gutenwirt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chenar - e Kaf ( Persian : چناركف‎ , also Romanized as Chenār - e Kaf ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Skoki Duże ( ˈskɔki ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sarahuni Seyyed Mohammad Qoli ( Persian : سراهوني سيدمحمدقلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarāhūnī Seyyed Moḩammad Qolī ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Uszew ( ˈuʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojnik , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Tower - Flagg Barn Complex is ( or was ) a historic site in Cumberland , Rhode Island at 100 Abbott Run Valley Road .
Dehjalal ( Persian : ده جلال‎ , also Romanized as Dehjalāl ; also known as Dekh - Dzhalal ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Helions Bumpstead is a small village in Essex located near Haverhill and the Essex / Suffolk / Cambridgeshire borders .
The George N. Wade Memorial Bridge , also known as the North Bridge , carries Interstate 81 ( I-81 ) and the Capital Beltway across the Susquehanna River in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
The Fichtelberg Cable Car ( German : Fichtelberg Schwebebahn ) is a German cable car in the Ore Mountains in Saxony that runs from the town of Oberwiesenthal to the Fichtelberg mountain top .
The Holcombe Site , also known as Holcombe Beach , is a Paleo - Indian archaeological site located near the intersection of Metropolitan Parkway and Dodge Park Road in Sterling Heights , Michigan , United States .
Vashnam - e Morid ( Persian : وشنام مريد‎ , also Romanized as Vashnām - e Morīd ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Elkhart Municipal Airport ( IATA : EKI , ICAO : KEKM , FAA LID : EKM ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northwest of the central business district of Elkhart , a city in Elkhart County , Indiana , United States .
Grąbczyński Młyn ( ɡrɔmpˈt͡ʂɨɲski ˈmwɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pukeashun Mountain is a peak in the Monashee Range in British Columbia , Canada .
Ysbyty Ystwyth is a small village in Ceredigion , Wales 13 miles S.E.S. from Aberystwyth .
Clivio is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Milan and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) northeast of Varese , on the border with Switzerland .
Bearhatty is a panchayat village in Coonoor Taluk of the Nilgiris District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Yengi Kahriz ( Persian : ينگي كهريز‎ , also Romanized as Yengī Kahrīz , Yangī Gahrīz , Yangī Kahrīz , Yang - ī - Kārīz , and Yang Kārīz ) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Franklin Central High School ( FCHS ) , colloquially known as FC , is a public four - year high school in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
Štefánik 's Observatory ( Czech : Štefánikova hvězdárna ) is an observatory on Petřín hill in the center of Prague founded 1928 and named after Slovak astronomer Milan Rastislav Štefánik .
Aston Cantlow is a village in Warwickshire , England , on the River Alne 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north - west of Stratford and 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north - west of Wilmcote and close to Little Alne , Shelfield , and Newnham .
Ulster Heights Synagogue , formally known as Congregation Knesset Israel of Ulster Heights , is located at the corner of Beaverdam and Ulster Heights roads in the Ulster Heights section of the town of Wawarsing , New York , United States .
Banatski Brestovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Банатски Брестовац ) is a village located in the Municipality of Pančevo , in the South Banat District of Serbia .
Hajji Shirkia ( Persian : حاجي شيركيا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Shīrkīā ) is a village in Dasht - e Veyl Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Zalan - e Olya ( Persian : ظلان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Zalān - e Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Azadvar ( Persian : ازادوار‎ , also Romanized as Āzādvar ) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tianshifu ( simplified Chinese : 田师傅 ; traditional Chinese : 田師府 ; pinyin : Tiánshīfǔ ) is a town in Benxi Manchu Autonomous County , Liaoning Province , Northeast China .
Barrackpur Cantonment is a cantonment town under Barrackpore subdivision in North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Zeil am Main is a town in the Haßberge district in Lower Franconia , an area in the federal state of Bavaria , Germany .
Muiderberg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌmœydərˈbɛrx ) ) is a village in the municipality of Gooise Meren in the Netherlands .
Camille Chamoun Sports City Stadium ( Arabic : ملعب مدينة كميل شمعون الرياضية‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium with a capacity of 47,799 seats , located in the Beer Hasan area of Beirut , Lebanon .
Swansea Vineyards is a winery in Shiloh in Cumberland County , New Jersey .
WQED - FM is a listener - supported , public radio classical , fine arts , and news station in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Glen Pass ( also known as Blue Flower Pass ) is a mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada , located in Kings Canyon National Park , eastern Fresno County , California , United States .
Located near Modi'in , Lapid falls under the jurisdiction of Hevel Modi'in Regional Council .
Fort William H. Seward , also known as Chilkoot Barracks or as AHRS Site No . SKG-001 , is a site at Port Chilkoot in Haines Borough , Alaska , about 0.5 miles ( 0.80 km ) from the city of Haines .
Soltankuh ( Persian : سلطانكوه‎ , also Romanized as Solţānkūh ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Deh - e Hatam ( Persian : ده حاتم‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Ḩātam ) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Torpedo Factory Art Center is an art center located on the waterfront of the Potomac River at 105 North Union Street in the Old Town of Alexandria , Virginia , United States .
Icod de los Vinos is a municipality in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife on the island of Tenerife , in the Canary Islands ( Spain ) , located in the northwest part of the island .
Fischer Creek State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Wisconsin , United States .
Pirtanuiyeh ( Persian : پيرتنوييه‎ , also Romanized as Pīrtanūīyeh ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Vaartse Rijn is a canal connecting the city of Utrecht with Nieuwegein and the Lek river in the Dutch province of Utrecht .
Bauram is a big village ( compared to neighbour villages ) located at block / Tehsil GodaBauram , Darbhanga , Bihar .
Santa Sabina College , ( known as Santa or SSC ) is a Roman Catholic , Dominican , day school for girls K-12 and boys K-4 , located in Strathfield , an inner - western suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Baltimore City Hall is the official seat of government of the City of Baltimore , in the State of Maryland .
Kinsale ( /kɪnˈseɪl/ ; Irish : Cionn tSáile ) is a historic port and fishing town in County Cork , Ireland , which also has significant military history .
Arnéguy ( Basque : Arnegi ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in southwestern France .
Nomreh - ye Panzdah ( Persian : نمره پانزده‎ , also Romanized as Nomreh - ye Pānzdah ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stormy Lake ( Manitoba ) Stormy Lake ( Haliburton County , Ontario ) Stormy Lake ( Kenora District , Ontario ) Stormy Lake ( Patterson ) , Parry Sound District , Ontario , also known as Patterson Lake
Phoenix Mine was an open pit and underground mining operation in city of Phoenix in the Boundary Country region of British Columbia , Canada that operated in the early and mid 20th century , run by the Granby Consolidated Mining , Smelting and Power Company , Limited .
Hellenic Orthodox Church of the Annunciation , formerly known as North Presbyterian Church , is a historic Greek Orthodox church located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Trautenstein is a village in the borough of Oberharz am Brocken in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony - Anhalt .
Stellbergsee is a lake in Söhre , Landkreis Kassel and Schwalm - Eder - Kreis , Hesse , Germany .
The Square Castan is a set of archaeological remains from the antique Gallo - Roman city of Vesontio , which is now the French city of Besançon .
Tephereth Israel Synagogue is a synagogue at 76 Winter Street in downtown New Britain , Connecticut .
The National Kaiser Wilhelm Monument ( Kaiser - Wilhelm - Nationaldenkmal ) was a memorial structure in Berlin dedicated to Wilhelm I , first Emperor of a unified Germany .
Higher Boscaswell is a hamlet near Pendeen in west Cornwall , England .
The Tip - Top House is a historic former hotel in Mount Washington State Park in Sargent 's Purchase , New Hampshire , United States .
It lies in the council area of Perth and Kinross in the Coupar Angus and Meigle ward .
Netherne - on - the - Hill is a village in Surrey , England , occupying a plateau once home to Netherne Hospital .
The Stephen C. O'Connell Center , also known as the O'Dome , is an 11,548-seat multi - purpose arena located on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville , Florida .
Oldetrijne ( West Frisian : Aldetrine ) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Siege of Fort Watson was an American Revolutionary War confrontation in South Carolina that began on April 15 , 1781 and lasted until April 23 , 1781 .
Badenscoth ( Scottish Gaelic : Bad nan Sgoth ) is a rural area near Auchterless in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Wuksachi Village is a visitor services development in Sequoia National Park , California .
Pluski ( ˈpluski ) ( German : Plautzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Piața Constituției ( Romanian for `` Constitution Square '' ) , also known as Palace Square , is one of the largest squares in the centre of Bucharest , Romania .
Thorneloe University is a federated school of Laurentian University in Sudbury , Ontario .
The Churchill County Jail , at 10 W. Williams St. in Fallon , Nevada , is a historic jail built in 1906 .
The Kennebunkport Historic District encompasses most of the village center of Kennebunkport , Maine .
The Florence County Courthouse and Jail , built in 1889 , is an historic complex of governmental buildings located at 501 Lake Street in Florence , Wisconsin .
Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart is an independent all - girls Catholic country day school located in Princeton , in Mercer County , New Jersey , United States , that serves students from pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade .
Dorrington Lane is a hamlet near the village of Woore in northeast Shropshire , England .
Andapuram is a village on the banks of Uppar river , in the Namakkal district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Kowalowy ( kɔvaˈlɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Reddingen is a village in the municipality of Wietzendorf in Soltau - Fallingbostel district , Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Smith - Turner House is an Italianate and Queen Anne - styled house in Lansing , Michigan .
Mount Ishbel is a mountain peak in Alberta , Canada .
Klawatti Glacier is located on the east slopes of Klawatti Peak , North Cascades National Park , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Marsabz ( Persian : مارسبز‎ , also Romanized as Mārsabz ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum is an American history museum and hall of fame , located at 25 Main Street in Cooperstown , New York , and operated by private interests .
The Shire of Romsey was a local government area about 65 kilometres ( 40 mi ) north - north - west of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Glen Beicker Ranch Airport ( FAA LID : 83R ) is a privately owned , public use airport located 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) east of the central business district of Seguin , a city in Guadalupe County , Texas , United States .
Kanamarlapudi is a village situated near the town of Vinukonda and Savalyapuram mandal in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Duquesne Baseball Field is a baseball field located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States , in the borough of Green Tree .
Hadle Kańczuckie ( ˈxadlɛ kaɲˈt͡ʂut͡skʲɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Гадлі Канчуцькі , Hadli Kanchuts’ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jawornik Polski , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
County Line Baptist Church is a historic church east of Dudleyville , Alabama .
Aq Bolagh - e Mohammad Vali ( Persian : اقبلاغ محمدولي‎ , also Romanized as Āq Bolāgh - e Moḩammad Valī ) is a village in Japelaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Steamer Company Number 5 is a former Richmond fire station located at 200 West Marshall Street in Richmond , Virginia .
Chahar Dulan ( Persian : چهار دولان‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Dūlān ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Martinsburg Shops is a historic industrial district in Martinsburg , West Virginia .
The Whipple Mountains , ' Avii Kur'utat in the Mojave language , are located in eastern San Bernardino County , California .
Harston is a village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire , England , located around 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Cambridge .
Tazehabad - e Labagh ( Persian : تازه اباد لاباغ‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Lābāgh ; also known as Lābāgh ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Victory High School ( now known as Adamston Elementary School ) was a public high school in Clarksburg , West Virginia that operated from 1917 through 1973 .
Pavares ( Persian : پاورس‎ , also Romanized as Pāvares and Pavars ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Boz Bisheh ( Persian : بزبيشه‎ , also Romanized as Boz Bīsheh and Buz Bishah ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Deglur is a town and a municipal council in Nanded district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Shadow Ranch is a historic ranch house , built from 1869 - 1872 using adobe and redwood lumber , on the original Workman Ranch in the western San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles , California .
Tyresö - Flaten is a lake in Tyresö Municipality , just south of Stockholm , Sweden .
Hanivaz ( Persian : هاني وز‎‎ , also Romanized as Hānīvaz ) is a village in Sirvan Rural District , Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Irwin M. Krohn Conservatory is a conservatory located in Eden Park within Cincinnati , Ohio in the United States .
Milford Mill Road , Slade Avenue , and Smith Avenue are a long road mostly in Baltimore County , Maryland that runs through Milford Mill and Pikesville in the suburbs of Baltimore .
Broadhaugh is a hamlet in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , in the parish of Teviothead , in former Roxburghshire .
Strzeszkowice ( stʂɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzisław , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Seneca Rocks is a large crag and local landmark in Pendleton County in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia , USA .
Windykajmy ( vindɨˈkai̯mɨ ) ( German : Windtkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Eberdingen is a municipality in the district of Ludwigsburg ( Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) .
Krupocin ( kruˈpɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowiec , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Katarzynin ( kataˈʐɨnin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Satin , Texas is an unincorporated community in Falls County , Texas , four miles from Chilton .
Garin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گرين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zarrin Dasht District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
La Boissière - d'Ans ( Occitan language : La Boissiera d'Ans ) is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France .
Deer Abbey was a Cistercian monastery in Buchan , Scotland .
Rodmarton is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire .
Brompton Regis ( formerly known as Kingsbrompton ) is a village and civil parish in the West Somerset district of Somerset , England about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north - east of Dulverton .
Anjarle is a village in the Dapoli taluka of Ratnagiri district in the Maharashtra state of India .
WRLR - LP is a low - power FM radio station that operates on the 98.3 frequency , based in Round Lake Heights , Illinois .
Windsor Mill Road is a road that runs through parts of Baltimore , Maryland and its western suburb Woodlawn .
The Israel Hall House is located on the eastside of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Oentsjerk ( Dutch : Oenkerk ) is a village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Szczurkowo ( ʂt͡ʂurˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Schönbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , at the border of Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
First Methodist Protestant Church of Seattle ( Capitol Hill United Methodist Church , Catalysis ) is an historic building , originally built and used as a church , at 128 16th Avenue East in Seattle , Washington .
The Ponkapoag Camp of Appalachian Mountain Club is a camp of the Appalachian Mountain Club located on the eastern shore of Ponkapoag Pond in Randolph , Massachusetts .
The Kaiparowits Plateau is a large , elevated landform located in southern Utah , in the southwestern United States .
Tajanjar - e Sofla ( Persian : تجن جارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tajanjār - e Soflá ; also known as Tajanjār - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Montgomery Township School District is a comprehensive public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through 12th grade from Montgomery Township , in Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Brisbane ( i/ˈbrɪzbən/ ) is the capital and most populous city in the Australian state of Queensland , and the third most populous city in Australia .
Lake Altamaha is on the south side of Lake Wales , Florida , just east of Highway US 27 .
The Saint - Mathieu lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Pointe Saint - Mathieu in Plougonvelin , around Brest in Finistère .
Celiny Włościańskie ( t͡sɛˈlinɨ vwɔɕˈt͡ɕaɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Walnut Ridge Baptist Academy is private K-12 Christian school in Waterloo , Iowa
Rooks County Regional Airport ( ICAO : KRCP , FAA LID : RCP ) is in Rooks County , Kansas .
Gudzisz ( ˈɡud͡ʑiʂ ) ( German : Kutzdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boleszkowice , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Postles House , also known as `` The Gargoyle House '' , is a historic home located at Wilmington , New Castle County , Delaware .
Mieczewo ( mjɛˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Schwertingen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mosina , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Biskupnica ( biskupˈnit͡sa ) ( formerly German Bischofswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bon Chenar ( Persian : بن چنار‎ , also Romanized as Bon Chenār ) is a village in Garakan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Porthtowan ( Cornish : Porth Tewyn , meaning cove of sand dunes ) is a small village in Cornwall , England which is a popular summer tourist destination .
Dehaq ( Persian : دهق‎ ; also known as Dehagh ) is a city in Mehrdasht District , in Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mayi Bas ( Persian : مي بس‎ , also Romanized as Mayī Bas ; also known as Māhī Bas ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rego Center Phase I and Phase II are the names of a shopping mall bordered by Long Island Expressway , Junction Boulevard , Queens Boulevard , 63rd Drive , and 99th Street in Rego Park , Queens , New York .
The Henry Dunant Museum is a museum in the Swiss town of Heiden , to preserve the memory and legacy of Henry Dunant , the Founder of the Red Cross Movement , who died in Heiden in 1910 , after receiving the first - ever Nobel Prize for Peace in 1901 .
Kakani is a settlement in the Nuwakot District of the Bagmati Zone in central Nepal .
Longue - Pointe was a Montreal neighbourhood now located in the borough of Mercier - Hochelaga - Maisonneuve .
Latha Township ( Burmese : လသာ မြို့နယ် , pronounced : ( la̰ðà mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located in the western part of downtown Yangon , and shares borders with Lanmadaw township in the west , Pabedan township in the east , Seikkan township and Yangon river in the south , and Dagon township in the north .
Estádio Municipal do Trabalhador , commonly known as Estádio do Trabalhador , is a football ( soccer ) stadium located in Resende , Rio de Janeiro state , Brazil .
Marandeh ( Persian : مرانده‎ , also Romanized as Marāndeh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Nagle Warren Mansion , also known as Cheyenne YWCA Building , is former residence and YWCA with three buildings located in Cheyenne , Laramie County , Wyoming .
Heath Steele Mines , situated 60 km northwest of Newcastle , New Brunswick , Canada , at the headwaters of the Tomogonops and Little Rivers , was a large and productive copper , lead and zinc mine which operated from 1956 to 1999 .
Hamadan Seljeh ( Persian : حمدان سلجه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamadān Seljeh ; also known as Salijeh , Seljeh - e Yek , and Soljeh - ye Yek ) is a village in Karkheh Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Kotaneelee River originates in the Yukon Territory , just west of the Northern Territories border , on the eastern slopes of the La Biche Range , at an elevation of 1,600 meters ( 5,200 ft ) .
The Brookneal / Campbell County Airport ( FAA 0V4 ) is a public airport located 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) southeast of Brookneal , in Campbell County , Virginia , USA .
Thurles ( /ˈθɜːrlɛs/ or local /ˈtɜːrləs/ ; Irish : Durlas or Durlas Éile ) is a town in County Tipperary , Ireland .
The Isidore H. Heller House is a house located at 5132 South Woodlawn Avenue in the Hyde Park community area of Chicago in Cook County , Illinois , USA .
Wat Si Muang or Simuong is a Buddhist temple located in Vientiane , the capital of Laos .
Tŷ Newydd Burial Chamber is a Neolithic dolmen located northeast of the village of Llanfaelog on the Isle of Anglesey in Wales .
Sunset Crater is a cinder cone located north of Flagstaff in U.S. State of Arizona .
The Colville National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in northeastern Washington state .
The Humphry Marshall House ( also called Marshall 's Garden , Marshall 's Arboretum , and the Botany Farm ) in Marshallton , Pennsylvania , in West Bradford Township , Chester County , was the residence of American botanist Humphry Marshall .
Głodowo - Dąb ( ɡwɔˈdɔvɔ ˈdɔmp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaki Kościelne , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rogers Middle School for the Creative and Performing Arts ( Rogers CAPA ) was an arts magnet school located in Garfield , near East Liberty , and Highland Park neighborhoods of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Thokur ( Thokuru or Thokooru in Tulu ) is the name of two villages in South Canara district of Karnataka State in India .
Uskedal or Uskedalen is a village in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Carnyorth ( Cornish : Karnyorgh ) is a hamlet in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Pawłów Dolny ( ˈpavwuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Szczelatyn ( ʂt͡ʂɛˈlatɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kani Gorgeh ( Persian : كاني گرگه‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Gorgeh ) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Humpy Peak is a peak located in the Uinta Mountain Range in northern Utah .
Kittrell College was a two - year historically black college located in Kittrell , North Carolina from about 1886 until 1975 .
Ranakpur is a village located in Desuri tehsil near Sadri town in the Pali district of Rajasthan in western India .
Lipiny Dolne ( liˈpinɨ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Górny , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Budheisuni is a village and gram panchayat ( for 3 village known as Budheisuni , Gothali and laxanapali ) and a notified area committee in Ganjam district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Pavilion Mountain is a mountain in the Marble Range in the South Cariboo region of the South - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of the ranching and First Nations community of Pavilion and to the north of Marble Canyon and immediately south of Kelly Lake , which is the focus of Downing Provincial Park .
Chizhou ( Chinese : 池州 ; pinyin : Chízhōu ) is a prefecture - level city in Anhui province , China .
St. Athanasius Episcopal Church and Parish House and the Church of the Holy Comforter is a historic Episcopal church complex located at 300 E. Webb Avenue and 320 E. Davis Street in Burlington , Alamance County , North Carolina .
Kelly Rounds , or Castle Killibury is an Iron Age hill fort in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Botkyrka Municipality ( Botkyrka kommun ) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden , not far from the capital Stockholm .
Patiram is a small Semi - town in Dakshin Dinajpur district .
Lennoxlove House is an historic house set in woodlands half a mile south of Haddington in East Lothian , Scotland .
Biesal ( ˈbjɛsal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
St Ignace Island ( French : Île Saint - Ignace ) is a large uninhabited island in Lake Superior , situated off the north shore at the entrance to Nipigon Bay , in Northern Ontario , Canada .
The Yea Flora Fossil Site is a roadside cutting on Limestone Road , Yea , Victoria , Australia .
Pečovnik ( pronounced ( pɛtʃɔu̯ˈniːk ) ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Savinja River in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Qonan Qaran ( Persian : قنان قران‎ , also Romanized as Qonān Qarān ; also known as Qotāq Qarān and Qownāq Qerān ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dakota Wesleyan University ( DWU ) is a four - year university located in Mitchell , South Dakota , founded in 1885 , which is affiliated with the United Methodist Church .
Gundrevula is a village located in Kurnool district , in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Bordun ( Persian : بردون‎ , also Romanized as Bordūn ) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah - e Nuri Rural District , Baladeh District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mandi district ( earlier known as Mandavya Nagar ) is one of the central districts of Himachal Pradesh state in northern India .
Our Lady of the Blessed Sacrament Church is a Roman Catholic church at 844 Sullivan Street in Miami , Arizona , United States .
Baqerabad - e Sofla ( Persian : باقرابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bāqerābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Janków Przygodzki ( ˈjankuf pʂɨˈɡɔt͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Red Butte Creek is a small stream whose headwaters are found in the northeast part of Salt Lake County , Utah .
Mulberry Island is located along the James River in the city of Newport News , Virginia , in southeastern Virginia at the confluence of the Warwick River on the Virginia Peninsula .
Hotel Alfonso XIII is a historic hotel in Seville , Spain , located on Calle San Fernando , next to the University of Seville .
Valenza ( Valensa in Piedmontese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) east of Turin and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) north of Alessandria .
Windham - Ashland - Jewett Central School is the only school in the Windham - Ashland - Jewett public school School District in the area of Windham , in Greene County , New York , U.S.A. It is a K-12 school , which encompasses all grades from kindergarten through 12th grade .
Tuganjak ( Persian : توگنجك‎ , also Romanized as Tūganjak ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kirstein Building is a historic industrial and commercial building located at Rochester in Monroe County , New York .
Moghiran ( Persian : مغيران‎ , also Romanized as Moghīrān ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Chaman Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چمن‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Takht - e Soleyman District , Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sohra Mohammadabad ( Persian : صحرامحمداباد‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrā Moḩmmadābād ) is a village in Karkevand Rural District , in the Central District of Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Muksi is a village in Tarvastu Parish , Viljandi County located 24 km ( 15 miles ) southeast of the town of Viljandi , 11.8 km ( 7.3 miles ) southwest of the small borough of Mustla .
WPLZ ( 95.3 FM ) is a classic hits formatted radio station licensed to Ooltewah , Tennessee , USA , and serves the Chattanooga area .
Wurzbach Parkway is a part freeway and part major arterial road in San Antonio , Texas , built to provide relief on Interstate 410 and Loop 1604 on the city 's northside .
The Savannah River National Laboratory ( SRNL ) is the applied research and development laboratory at the U.S. Department of Energy 's ( DOE ) Savannah River Site ( SRS ) near Jackson , South Carolina .
KJIK ( 100.7 FM , `` Majik 100.7 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Duncan / Safford and Eastern Arizona , USA .
Sawtooth Mountain is a shield volcano , and part of the polygenetic Indian Heaven Volcanic Field in Washington , United States .
Wallby estate is situated on the outskirts of the village of Skirö in Vetlanda Municipality in Småland , Sweden .
Kostelec nad Vltavou is a village and municipality ( obec ) in the Písek District of the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Aruchan ( Persian : اروچان‎ , also Romanized as Ārūchān , Aroochan , and Ārūjān ; also known as Alūchān and Ūrchān ) is a village in Abgarm Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Great Divide Basin or Great Divide Closed Basin is an area of land in Wyoming 's Red Desert ( United States ) where none of the water falling as rain to the ground drains into any ocean , directly or indirectly .
Frankenthal Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station for the city of Frankenthal in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate and is located on the Mainz--
Krogule ( krɔˈɡulɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shetpe ( Kazakh : Шетпе ) is a selo and the administrative center of Mangystau District in Mangystau Region in western Kazakhstan .
Kąpiołki ( kɔmˈpjɔu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Quay Arts Centre is located at the head of the River Medina , in Newport in the centre of the Isle of Wight .
Willow Springs International Motorsports Park ( commonly referred to as Willow Springs ) is located in Willow Springs near Rosamond , California , about an hour north of Los Angeles .
It is the administrative capital of Rumi District ( Kolkhozobod district until June 2007 ) in the south - west of Khatlon Province .
Halak Dar Gholamreza ( Persian : هلاكدرغلامرضا‎ , also Romanized as Halāḵ Dar Gholāmrez̤ā ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Batowice ( batɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Rig Jub ( Persian : ريگ جوب‎ , also Romanized as Rīg Jūb and Rīgjūb ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Finnish Labour Temple ( also known as the Big Finn Hall or Finlandia Club ) is a Finnish - Canadian cultural and community centre and a local landmark located at 314 Bay Street in the Finnish quarter in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
The Looking Glass Riverfront School and Career Center is an alternative private school in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
The Hessian Barracks is a historic barracks and school building located at Frederick , Frederick County , Maryland , United States .
Baker Ranger Station was established in 1911 at the edge of Baker , Nevada to administer U.S. government lands in White Pine County , Nevada .
The Corvallis Gazette - Times is a daily newspaper in Corvallis , Benton County , Oregon , United States .
Booneville / Baldwyn Airport ( FAA LID : 8M1 ) is a public use airport in Prentiss County , Mississippi , United States .
Mowtowr Pamp - e Naser 1 ( Persian : موتورپم پنثر1‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp - e Nas̱er 1 ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The EJP County Line Bridge is a Camelback pony truss bridge located near Hyattville , Wyoming , which carries Big Horn County Road CN9 - 60 across the Nowood River .
Uchkeken ( Russian : Учкекен ; Karachay - Balkar : Ючкёкен ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Malokarachayevsky District in the Karachay - Cherkess Republic , Russia .
Bushkill Falls is a series of eight privately owned waterfalls , the tallest of which cascades over 100 feet ( 30 m ) , located in Northeast Pennsylvania 's Pocono Mountains in the USA .
The Hyatt Regency Chicago is a 365-foot - tall ( 111 m ) Hyatt hotel on East Wacker Drive in Chicago , Illinois .
Gandersheim Abbey ( German : Stift Gandersheim ) is a former house of secular canonesses ( Frauenstift ) in the present town of Bad Gandersheim in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Tangeh Gol ( Persian : تنگه گل‎ ) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District , Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Monahans Sandhills State Park is a 3,840-acre ( 1,550 ha ) state park located in the southern Llano Estacado in Ward County and Winkler County , Texas .
Barkowice Mokre ( barkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmɔkrɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
WHPX - TV , channel 26 , is a television station licensed to New London , Connecticut , United States , serving as the Ion Television affiliate for the Hartford - New Haven television market .
The Pleito Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System , located in southwestern Kern County , California .
The Charles Street Jail ( built 1851 ) or `` Suffolk County Jail '' is an infamous former jail ( later renovated into a luxury hotel ) located at 215 Charles Street , Boston , Massachusetts .
The Lake Chelan - Sawtooth Wilderness is a 153,057-acre ( 61,940 ha ) protected wilderness area located within the Okanogan and Wenatchee national forests in Washington State .
Padua Academy is an all - girls Catholic high school in Wilmington , Delaware .
CICQ - FM is a low - power tourist information FM radio station broadcasting at 92.3 MHz in Mount Pearl , Newfoundland and Labrador , with 50 watts of power .
Mehdiabad - e Taqi ( Persian : مهدي ابادطاقي‎ , also Romanized as Mehdīābād - e Ţāqī ; also known as Mahdīābād - e Ţāghī ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mount George V is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia .
Stary Dębsk ( ˈstarɨ ˈdɛmpsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tangeh Narreh ( Persian : تنگه نره‎ ; also known as Tang Narreh ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Anthony and Susan Cardinal Walke House is a historic residence on the west side of Chillicothe , Ohio , United States .
Pir Sabz Ali ( Persian : پيرسبزعلي‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Sabz `` Alī ) is a village in Kamfiruz - e Shomali Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 268 , in 64 families .
Dasht Jeyhun ( Persian : دشت جيحون‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Jeyḩūn ; also known as Jaihūn , and Jeyḩūn ) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The South Coventry Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village center of South Coventry in the town of Coventry , Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 .
Fashian ( Persian : فشيان‎ , also Romanized as Fashīān , Fashiyan , and Fashyān ; also known as Fashium ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dosenbek is an 8 kilometers long river of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Alfan ( Persian : آلفن‎ , also Romanized as Ālfan ) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Hasan Qeshlaqi ( Persian : حسن قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Qeshlāqī ; also known as `` Alī Qolī Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 42 , in 10 families .
Neither the name change nor bankruptcy protection reversed the downward trend , and in 1982 all but the original Sambo 's at 216 West Cabrillo Boulevard in Santa Barbara , California , closed their doors .
Aston is an area in Central Birmingham , in the West Midlands of England .
Ghar Karaftu ( Persian : غارکرفتو‎ , also Romanized as Ghār Karaftū ) is a village in Obatu Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mono Lake Tufa State Natural Reserve is located near Yosemite National Park within Mono County , in eastern California .
Sivani ( also known as Sivani Panchayath ) is a village in Chhapara Tehsil in Seoni District of Madhya Pradesh State , India .
Castelletto Monferrato ( Castlèt Monfrà in Piemontese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) east of Turin and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) northwest of Alessandria .
The North Burnett Region is a local government area in Queensland , Australia in the northern catchment of the Burnett River .
Chigan ( Persian : چيگان‎ , also Romanized as Chīgān ; also known as Chegān and Jīgān ) is a village in Varzaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Six Mile Run Reservoir Site , part of the Delaware and Raritan Canal State Park , is located in Franklin Township , Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Ralegan Siddhi ( Marathi : राळेगण सिद्धी ) is a village in Parner taluka of Ahmednagar District , Maharashtra state in western India .
Cattistock is a village and civil parish in west Dorset , England , sited in the upper reaches of the Frome Valley 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of the county town Dorchester .
Teytaq ( Persian : طيطاق‎ , also Romanized as Ţeyţāq ; also known as Teyţakh ) is a village in Kowleh Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Liafu ( Persian : ليافو‎ , also Romanized as Līāfū , Leyafoo , and Leyāfū ; also known as Leyāfū Doldīm , and Līāfū Doldīm ) is a village in Blukat Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Murray Hotel , originally named the Elite Hotel , is an historic hotel in Livingston , Montana , United States .
The Harvard Avenue Fire Station is a historic former fire station on 16 Harvard Avenue in Boston , Massachusetts .
Nam Koo Terrace ( Chinese : 南固臺 ) is a Grade I Historic Building located at No . 55 Ship Street , Wan Chai , Hong Kong , China , popularly known as `` The Wan Chai Haunted House '' .
Białystoczek ( bjawɨsˈtɔt͡ʂɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Balado is a park and former airfield within the Perth and Kinross council area of Scotland .
Palm Island Airport ( IATA : PMK , ICAO : YPAM ) is an airport in Palm Island , on Great Palm Island , Queensland , Australia .
The Chistenstein ( 2,473 m ) is a mountain of the Plessur Alps , overlooking Küblis in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Colle Caruno is a frazione ( outlying area ) of the Commune of Teramo in the Abruzzo Region of Italy .
Trzechel ( ˈtʂɛxɛl ) ( German : Trechel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Karreh Karami ( Persian : كره كرمي‎ , also Romanized as Karreh Karamī ; also known as Karreh ) is a village in Tut - e Nadeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Saxmundham ( /ˈsæksməndəm/ ) is a small market town in Suffolk , England .
Nassau Community College ( NCC ) is a two - year college located in Garden City , New York , USA .
The Galleria at Tyler , formerly known as the Tyler Mall , is a regional shopping mall located in Riverside , California , United States .
Western Michigan University Homer Stryker M.D. School of Medicine ( WMed ) is a private nonprofit medical school located in Kalamazoo , in the US state of Michigan .
WOVV ( 90.1 FM ) is a low power ( LP ) FM radio station and current internet radio station with a FCC issued construction permit for Ocracoke , North Carolina , USA .
Ames Municipal Airport ( IATA : AMW , ICAO : KAMW , FAA LID : AMW ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located two miles ( 3 km ) southeast of the central business district of Ames , a city in Story County , Iowa , United States .
Tajan Gukeh ( Persian : تجن گوكه‎ , also Romanized as Tajan Gūkeh and Tajen Gūkēh ; also known as Tajan Gū’eh - ye Bālā and Teshenguke ) is a village in Kisom Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Harlem River Drive , officially designated the 369th Harlem Hellfighters Drive , is a 4.20-mile ( 6.76 km ) long north -- south parkway in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Timmins / Porcupine Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPW5 ) , is a water aerodrome located adjacent to Timmins , Ontario , Canada on Lake Porcupine .
Duzangan ( Persian : دوزنگان‎ , also Romanized as Dūzangān , Doozangan , and Dozānghān ; also known as Dūzīgān and Kalāteh Dūzangun ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Podargoni ( Calabrian - Greek dialect : Podàrghoni ) , is a comune in the province of Reggio Calabria , in the southern Italian region of Calabria .
St Pancras , Soper Lane , was a parish church in the City of London , in England .
The Great Works Dam was a dam on the Penobscot River between Old Town and Bradley in Penobscot County , Maine , USA .
Kuivaniemi was incorporated into Ii municipality on 1 January 2007 .
The Government Higher Secondary School at Anchalumoodu is one of the biggest and reputed government schools in Kollam district .
Młotkowice ( mwɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Belews Lake is a reservoir in Stokes , Rockingham , Guilford and Forsyth counties of North Carolina , near the towns of Stokesdale and Pine Hall .
Gudura ( Kannada ಗುಡೂರ ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka .
The Edward Bellamy House is a National Historic Landmark at 91 - -93 Church Street in the Chicopee Falls section of the city of Chicopee , Massachusetts .
Achasan Station is a subway station in Gwangjin - gu , which is located in Seoul , South Korea .
Żwirówka ( ʐviˈrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Easton Diversion Dam is a diversion dam on the Yakima River In western Kittitas County near Easton , Washington .
Ruzkin ( Persian : روزكين‎ , also Romanized as Rūzkīn ; also known as Rūkīn and Rūskīn ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Calgary / Okotoks ( Rowland Field ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CRF4 ) is located 13 nautical miles ( 24 km ; 15 mi ) north of Okotoks , Alberta , Canada .
Gwa Township ( Burmese : ဂွမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Thandwe District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar .
Gulf , Colorado and Santa Fe Railroad Passenger Station is located on 1501 Jones Street in Fort Worth , Texas .
Padampura is the site of Padampura Digambara Jain Atishay kshetra in Shivdaspura town in Jaipur district of Rajasthan , India .
Jordan - Matthews High School is found in Siler City , North Carolina .
Dorafsheh ( Persian : درفشه‎ ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Steamtown Heritage Rail Centre ( `` Centre '' ) is a static railway museum based in the former railway workshops located in Peterborough , South Australia .
The Newark Airport Interchange is a massive interchange of Interstate 78 , U.S. Route 1 - 9 , U.S. Route 22 , New Jersey Route 21 , and Interstate 95 ( the New Jersey Turnpike ) at the northern edge of Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark , New Jersey .
The Gainesville State School is a juvenile correctional facility of the Texas Juvenile Justice Department in unincorporated Cooke County , Texas , near Gainesville .
Comitancillo is almost completely surrounded by San Marcos Department municipalities , except on the East side , where it borders Cabricán , a Quetzaltenango Department municipality .
The Joseph M. Katz Graduate School of Business is the graduate business school of the University of Pittsburgh located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Ganzhou ( Chinese : 赣州 ; pinyin : Gànzhōu ) , formerly romanized as Kanchow , is a prefecture - level city in southern Jiangxi , China , bordering Fujian to the east , Guangdong to the south , and Hunan to the west .
Between 1975 and 1996 Moray , with similar boundaries , was a district of the then Grampian Region .
The Saint - Pierre - le - Jeune Protestant Church ( Église protestante Saint - Pierre - le - Jeune ) is one of the most important church buildings of the city of Strasbourg , France , from the art historical and architectural viewpoints .
121 West Trade , formerly known as the Interstate Tower , is a skyscraper located at the Trade and Tryon , in Charlotte center city , North Carolina .
Kapletha is a village in Surat district in Gujarat , India .
St. John Fisher Seminary Residence is sponsored by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport , Connecticut .
Yurt - e Kazem ( Persian : يورت كاظم‎ , also Romanized as Yūrt - e Kāz̧em , Yūrt Kāzem , Yowrd - e Kāz̧em , and Yūrd Kāzem ; also known as Yūrt ) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Moongiltholuvu is a village and Village Panchayat ( Includes Mannampalayam - மண்ணாம்பாளையம் in Tamil and Sikkalnoothu - சிக்கல்னூத்து in Tamil and few other small settlements as part of its territory ) in Udumalpet Taluk , Tirupur Distirict ( Formerly in Coimbatore District ) , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Peats Ferry Bridge , a steel truss bridge that spans the Hawkesbury River , is located northwest of the central business district of Sydney in New South Wales , Australia .
Yuzhenan ( Persian : يوژنان‎ , also Romanized as Yūzhenān ; also known as Veznān ) is a village in Bisaran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Joppa Road is a county highway in the U.S. state of Maryland .
Narges Marz ( Persian : نرگس مرز‎ ; also known as Narges Marzeh and Narges Marzeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Khvajeh Ghias ( Persian : خواجه غياث‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Ghīās̄ ) is a village in Barvanan - e Markazi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wrocisławice ( vrɔt͡ɕiswaˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Obsendorf ) is a village in Lower Silesia , in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Deception Pass Bridge is the common name for two , two - lane bridges on Washington State Route 20 connecting Whidbey Island to Fidalgo Island in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Running Water Stage Station Site , near Marsland in Box Butte County , Nebraska , is an archeological site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 .
Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge is an important U.S. National Wildlife Refuge on the Atlantic coast of Florida .
Qaleh - ye Komiz ( Persian : قلعه كميز‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Komīz ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 3,049 , in 625 families .
The Dismal Swamp Canal is located along the eastern edge of the Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia and North Carolina in the United States .
The Virginia Tillery Round Barn is a round barn located on County Route 738 west of White Hall in Greene County , Illinois .
Olszamowice - Porąbka ( ɔlʂamɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔˈrɔmpka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
G. H. Sullivan Lodging House is a Colonial Revival style building located in Kingman , Arizona .
Bid Barzeh - ye Sefidar ( Persian : بيدبرزه سفيدار‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Barzeh - e Sefīdār ; also known as Bīd Barzeh ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
State Road 504 ( SR 504 ) , also known as the Flatbush Avenue Connector , is a highway in Connecticut that runs 0.70 miles ( 1.13 km ) within the city of Hartford .
The Humboldt Bank Building is a 19-floor office building on the 700 block of Market Street in San Francisco , California .
Kunak is a small town located in the Tawau Division on the east coast of the east Malaysian state of Sabah .
Fraiburgo ( nicknamed Frai ) is a Brazilian municipality located in the countryside of the Santa Catarina state .
Dulmial ( Urdu : دوالمیال‎ ) is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District ( Urdu : ﭼﻜﻮﺍﻝ‎ ) in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil .
Lake Brittany is one of the eight lakes in Bella Vista in Northwest Arkansas .
Dakota Prairie High School is part of a school district that covers a portion of Nelson County , North Dakota .
The Jersey - Atlantic Wind Farm in Atlantic City , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , is the first coastal wind farm in the United States and the first wind farm in New Jersey .
The William J. Gregory House is a home located in Westminster , Colorado , United States .
The village of Kinsham lies in the wooded hills of Herefordshire , England in the Marches near to the border with Wales and near the town of Presteigne .
Careel Bay is a bay and adjacent locality in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Moray Bridge , originally christened ' The Middle - arm Swing Bridge ' in October 1957 , is a low - level one - way swing bridge in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada .
Standing Bear Lake , also known as Dam Site 16 , is a park located at 6404 North 132nd street in West Omaha , Nebraska .
Keys Public School is a 5 classroom school located inside Mackenzie High School in Deep River , Ontario , Canada .
Mount Minsi forms the Pennsylvania side of the Delaware Water Gap , and is the eastern extent of the Blue Mountain .
Taleh Jerd - e Sofla ( Persian : تله جردسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Taleh Jerd - e Soflá and Taleh Jerd Sofla ; also known as Talah Jerd and Talehjerd - e Pa’in ) is a village in Kamazan - e Sofla Rural District , Zand District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Thoreau - Alcott House is a historic house at 255 Main Street in Concord , Massachusetts that was home to the writers Henry David Thoreau and Louisa May Alcott at different times .
The WHDH - TV tower is a free - standing lattice tower with triangular cross section used by WHDH in Newton , Massachusetts .
Christ Church Greyfriars , also known as Christ Church Newgate Street , was a church in Newgate Street , opposite St Paul 's Cathedral in the City of London .
The Sam Houston Hall was a building located in Houston , Texas .
Vår Frelsers gravlund ( `` our saviour 's cemetery '' ) is a cemetery in Oslo , Norway , located north of Hammersborg in Gamle Aker district .
Nowe Jastrzębsko ( ˈnɔvɛ jasˈtʂɛmpskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pitsligo Castle is a ruined castle half a mile east of Rosehearty , Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Scotland Road or `` Scottie Road '' is the A59 and is situated near the docks in the Vauxhall area of north Liverpool , England .
Mirabeh ( Persian : ميرابه‎ , also Romanized as Mīrābeh ; also known as Garegeh , Gargahī , Gargeh’ī , and Gorkehī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wooton Presbyterian Center ( Wooton Community Center ) is a historic church building on KY 80 in Wooton , Kentucky .
Lubianków ( luˈbjaŋkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Keysborough Secondary College is a dual campus government coeducational school for students from years 7 - 12 , with campuses located in Springvale South , Victoria and Keysborough , Victoria .
Chiverton Cross is a road junction in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , about four miles ( 6 kilometres ) north - east of Redruth and five miles ( 8 km ) west of Truro at OS grid ref SW747469 .
Forglen House is a mansion house that forms the centrepiece of the Forglen estate in the parish of Forglen , northwest of Turriff , Aberdeenshire , in the northeast of Scotland .
Fort Kluskus was a Hudson 's Bay Company fort and trading post located near the Kluskus Lakes on the northern perimeter of the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
The Bob Thomas Equestrian Center is an equestrian center located on the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa , Florida .
Ravenscraig is an area of land located in North Lanarkshire , Scotland , due to become a small town .
Kentucky Downs is a Thoroughbred horse racing track located on the border between Kentucky and Tennessee , in the city of Franklin , Kentucky , just off Interstate 65 .
Hjordkær parish is one of the parishes of the former Rødekro Municipality , now Aabenraa Municipality , Denmark .
Edwards Town Hall is a historic town hall building located at Edwards in St. Lawrence County , New York .
Pa Emam ( Persian : پاامام‎ , also Romanized as Pā Emām ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Rockwood Music Hall is a music venue in the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
The Hôtel du Palais ( originally the Villa Eugénie ) is a hotel located beside the Atlantic beach in the resort town of Biarritz , on the Côte Basque in the French department of Pyrénées - Atlantiques .
Žihovo Selo ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːxɔʋɔ ˈsɛːlɔ ) ; Slovene : Žihovo selo ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Rig Zardan ( Persian : ريگ زردان‎ , also Romanized as Rīg Zardān ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Żabokliki - Kolonia ( ʐabɔˈkliki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Yanbolaghi - ye Olya ( Persian : يانبلاغي عليا‎ , also Romanized as Yānbolāghī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 154 , in 29 families .
It is owned by the Dean and Chapter of St Paul 's Cathedral , acting through the Church Commissioners , and managed by the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , advised and assisted by the Friends of Barnes Common .
Wien Hauptbahnhof ( German for `` Vienna Main station '' ; also referred to in English as `` Vienna Hauptbahnhof '' ) is the main railway station in Vienna , Austria , located in the Favoriten district .
The Moggy Hollow Natural Area is a 14-acre ( 5.7 ha ) nature preserve near Far Hills , Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Gesù Buon Pastore alla Montagnola ( Italian : Jesus the Good Shepherd at Montagnola ) is a titular church in Rome .
Cheshmeh - ye Dehqan ( Persian : چشمه دهقان‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Dehqān ; also known as Cheshmeh - ye Dehghān ) is a village in Ravar Rural District , in the Central District of Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
St. Bernard State Park is a state park located in the American state of Louisiana , on a tract of land in St. Bernard Parish , between the towns of Poydras and Caernarvon .
The Anhalter Steg is a footbridge over the Landwehr Canal between the Möckern and Schoneberg Bridges , in Kreuzberg , on the southern side of Berlin city centre .
Espik ( Persian : اسپيك‎ , also Romanized as Espīk and Espīyak ; also known as Esbek , Esbīk , Isbīk , and Is - hāq ) is a village in Ramand - e Jonubi Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Čengići ( Serbian : Ченгићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Monastery of the Holy Archangels ( Serbian : Манастир Светих Архангела/Manastir Svetih Arhangela ) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located in Prizren , in southern Kosovo , founded by the Serbian Emperor Stefan Dušan ( reigned 1331 - -1355 ) between 1343 and 1352 on the site of an earlier church , part of the Višegrad fortress complex .
Owlad ( Persian : اولاد‎ , also Romanized as Owlād ; also known as Boneh - ye Owlād ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Nathan B. Lattin Farm is a historic farm at 22 Walker Hill Road in Newtown , Connecticut .
The Mary Rose Museum is an historical museum located at Historical Dockyards in Portsmouth in the United Kingdom run by the Mary Rose Trust .
Khashauh ( Persian : خشاوه‎‎ , also Romanized as Khashāūh ; also known as Khashū ) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Podłopień ( pɔdˈwɔpjɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tymbark , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Paul W. Bryant Museum is located on the campus of the University of Alabama , in Tuscaloosa , Alabama .
Piz Badus or Six Madun is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps , lying on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden .
The Electoral district of City of Sydney was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Old Dundas Road Falls is a 24 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on private property , ( private with permission to access ) , in Ancaster , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Lluçà ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʎuˈsa ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia , Spain .
Miernów ( ˈmjɛrnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Superior Falls is a waterfall situated on the Montreal River , which forms the border between Iron County , Wisconsin and Gogebic County , Michigan , United States .
Garm Cheshmeh ( Persian : گرم چشمه‎ ; also known as Garmeh Cheshmeh ) is a village in Vilkij - e Markazi Rural District , Vilkij District , Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Jeyd ( Persian : جيد‎ ) is a village in Minabad Rural District , Anbaran District , Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Rockaway Beach Hotel , also known as the Hotel Imperial , was a very large hotel built in New York City during the late 1870s and early 1880s by the Rockaway Improvement Company .
Stare Dobki ( ˈstarɛ ˈdɔpki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Acton District High School ( `` ADHS '' ) is a high school located in Acton , Ontario , Canada .
Felixstowe Ferry is a hamlet in Suffolk , England , approximately two miles northeast of Felixstowe at the mouth of the River Deben with a ferry to the Bawdsey peninsula .
The Alice Springs Desert Park is an environmental education facility in Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Cardinal Peak is the highest peak of the Chelan Mountains , a subrange of the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington .
Runyon Lake ( formerly known as Fountain Lakes ) is located in Pueblo , Colorado .
The Lake Wedington Historic District ( locally Lake Wedington , sometimes spelled incorrectly Lake Weddington ) is a US Historic District in Washington County , Arkansas .
Bala Bijar Ankish ( Persian : بالابيجارانكيش‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Bījār Ankīsh ; also known as Bījār Ankīsh - e Bālā ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Hooper - Lee - Nichols House is an historic Colonial American house in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Sundankottai is a Village in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Callowhill Depot is a bus and trolley barn operated by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority ( SEPTA ) , located in West Philadelphia , near the Delaware County border .
The Bolles School is an American private college preparatory day and boarding school in Jacksonville , Florida .
Politically , Eaux - Chaudes forms part of the commune of Laruns in the département of Pyrénées - Atlantiques .
Barlow Park is a multi - sports facility and stadium located in Cairns .
Columbus Air Force Base ( AFB ) ( IATA : CBM , ICAO : KCBM , FAA LID : CBM ) is a United States Air Force base located approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) north of Columbus , Mississippi .
Lanercost is a village in the northern part of Cumbria , England .
Laguna Hills Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Laguna Hills , California , in southern Orange County .
The Cascade Tunnel refers to two tunnels at Stevens Pass through the Cascade Mountains , approximately 65 miles ( 105 km ) to the east of Everett , Washington .
Emam Hasan - e Vasati ( Persian : امام حسن وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Emām Ḩasan - e Vasaţī ) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District ( Kermanshah Province ) , in the Central District of Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chuprene Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Чупрене ) is a frontier municipality ( obshtina ) in Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the vicinity of the western parts of Stara Planina range in the so - called Fore - Balkan area .
Northeast District Park is a public park in Chatham County , North Carolina in the United States , operated by the Chatham County Parks and Recreation Department .
Ortacesus is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Cagliari , included in the Trexenta traditional subregion .
Marynyn ( Ukrainian : Маринин ) is a village in Berezne Raion , Rivne Oblast , Ukraine .
The Frijole Ranch , also known as Guadalupe Ranch , Spring Hill Ranch and the Rader - Smith Ranch , is located in Guadalupe Mountains National Park in extreme west Texas .
Four Lanes ( Cornish : Peder Bownder ) is a village in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom approximately three miles ( 5 kilometres ) south of Redruth at grid reference SW 689 386 in the civil parish of Carn Brea .
The Delray Beach Seaboard Air Line Railway Station ( also known as the Delray Beach Railroad Station ) is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railway depot in Delray Beach , Florida , United States .
The Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center is a museum of Native American culture in Mashantucket , Connecticut , owned and operated by the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation .
Kohneh Qus - e Sofla ( Persian : كهنه قوس سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Qūs - e Soflá ) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District , Poshtkuh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Edinburgh ( i/ˈɛdɪnbərə/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Èideann ( ˈt̪uːn ˈɛːtʲɛn̪ˠ ) ) is the capital city of Scotland , located in Lothian on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth .
Masqaran ( Persian : مسقران‎ , also Romanized as Masqarān ; also known as Mackaran and Maskarān ) is a village in Ozomdel - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lisunie ( liˈsuɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Halsey Estate - Tallwood is a historic home located at West Hills in Suffolk County , New York , known locally as `` Tallwood '' but more formally known as the `` Halsey Estate '' .
Maria Kannon Zen Center ( MKZC ) is a non - profit practice center in the Sanbo Kyodan tradition of Zen Buddhism , located in Dallas , Texas and founded in 1991 by the guiding teacher Ruben Habito ( a Dharma heir of Yamada Koun ) .
Mashhadi Sara ( Persian : مشهدي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Mashhadī Sarā ; also known as Mashhad Sar and Mashhad Sarā ) is a village in Langarud Rural District , Salman Shahr District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jaranty ( jaˈrantɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kalumenan ( Persian : كلومنان‎ , also Romanized as Kalūmenān ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Principia College ( commonly referred to as Principia or Prin ) is a private liberal arts college in Elsah , Illinois , United States .
Fair Hill Training Center is a racehorse training center based in Fair Hill , Maryland .
Mount Coe is a mountain located in Piscataquis County , Maine , within Baxter State Park , about 5.5 mi ( 9 km ) northwest of Mount Katahdin .
Tushahr ( Persian : توشهر‎ , also Romanized as Tūshahr ; also known as Tūshahr - e Aḩmadī ) is a village in Ahmadi Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jastrzębowo ( jastʂɛmˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Grove Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KGMJ , FAA LID : GMJ ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Grove , a city in Delaware County , Oklahoma , United States .
Sunnylands , the former Annenberg Estate , located in Rancho Mirage , California , is a 200-acre ( 0.81 km2 ) estate currently run by The Annenberg Foundation Trust at Sunnylands , a not - for - profit organization and Annenberg family trust .
Ächerli Pass ( el . 1398 m. ) is a high mountain pass between the cantons of Obwalden and Nidwalden .
Glendale Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KGEU , FAA LID : GEU ) is a city owned , public use airport located six nautical miles ( 7 mi , 11 km ) west of the central business district of Glendale , a city in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States .
The Coleman Station Historic District is located around the former New York Central Railroad Coleman 's station in the Town of North East , New York , United States , a short distance south of the village of Millerton .
HiNT Station , formally known as Røstad Station ( Norwegian : Røstad stasjon ) , is a railway station located in the town of Levanger in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Ormond Hotel ( also known as The Flagler Hotel ) was a historic hotel in Ormond Beach , Florida , United States .
Kalateh - ye Sanjar ( Persian : كلاته سنجر‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Sanjar , Kalāteh - i - Sanjar , and Kalāteh Sanjar ) is a village in Azari Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Płazowo ( pwaˈzɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubiewo , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Jimmy Carter Library and Museum in Atlanta , Georgia houses U.S. President Jimmy Carter 's papers and other material relating to the Carter administration and the Carter family 's life .
Anjir Darmian ( Persian : انجيردرميان‎ , also Romanized as Anjīr Darmīān ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bagdad Airport ( IATA : BGT , FAA LID : E51 ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Bagdad , in Yavapai County , Arizona , United States .
Norwell District Secondary School , formerly known as Palmerston High School , and often simply called Norwell or NDSS , is a mid - sized composite high school located in Palmerston , Ontario .
Wilmslow Road is a major road in Manchester , England , running from Parrs Wood northwards to Rusholme .
Lochloosa Lake is a lake about 6,000 acres ( 2,400 ha ) in area in Alachua County , Florida , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Hawthorne .
Chil Gongan ( Persian : چيل گنگان‎ , also Romanized as Chīl Gongān ; also known as Chīleh Gongon ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cobbler Creek Recreation Park is a 266-hectare ( 657-acre ) protected area located in South Australia about 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of the Adelaide city centre in the suburb of Gulfview Heights .
Pir Kahur ( Persian : پيركهور‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Kahūr ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tun Tavern was a tavern and brewery in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , which served as a founding or early meeting place for a number of notable groups .
Vidette Lake is a small lake in the Deadman River Valley of the Thompson Country in the Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Plecewice ( plɛt͡sɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hidden Valley Resort ( also known as HV ) is a holiday resort in Huntsville , Ontario , Canada , about 225 kilometers ( 140 mi ) north of Toronto .
Govah Kuh ( Persian : گواه كوه‎ , also Romanized as Govāh Kūh ; also known as Govākūh ) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Lafmejan ( Persian : پائين محله لفمجان‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Lafmejān ) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gold Canyon is located a few miles south of Alleghany , California , on the border between Sierra and Nevada Counties .
Holy Trinity Church , South Kensington , is an Anglican church located on Prince Consort Road in the City of Westminster , London , England .
Ignacówka Pierwsza ( iɡnaˈt͡sufka ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nur Mohammad Kandi - ye Vosta ( Persian : نورمحمدكندي وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Nūr Moḩammad Kandī - ye Vosţá ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Park Hill Golf Club is an 18 hole golf course located in Denver , Colorado .
Mainleus is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany , the site of a post World War II American sector displaced person camp .
Jesmond Dene , a public park in the east end of Newcastle upon Tyne , England , occupies the narrow steep - sided valley of a small stream known as the Ouseburn : in North - East England , such valleys are commonly known as denes .
The Shefton Museum of Greek Art and Archaeology was an archaeological museum at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne , England , which opened in 1956 and closed in 2008 .
The Jupiter Inlet Light is located in Jupiter , Florida , on the north side of the Jupiter Inlet .
Wasilczyki - Gajówka ( vaɕilˈt͡ʂɨki ɡaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Merrijig is a town in Victoria , Australia , located between Mount Buller and Mansfield .
The Eagles Building - Strand Theater is a building built in 1921 in Alliance , Ohio , also known as the Wallace Building .
Siary ( ˈɕarɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Сяри , Siary ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa , within Gorlice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Broughton Gifford is a village and civil parish about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) west of Melksham in Wiltshire , England .
The Forge Village Historic District of Westford , Massachusetts encompasses one of the town 's historic 19th century mill villages .
Gelan Daraq - e Sofla ( Persian : گلندرق سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gelan Daraq - e Soflá ; also known as Kolandaraq - e Pā’īn and Kūlān Daraq - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District , in the Central District of Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Gav Mishli ( Persian : گاوميشلي‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Mīshlī and Gāv Meshlī ; also known as Owbeh - ye Gāv Mīshlī ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Szymony ( ʂɨˈmɔnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Casignanais a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Reggio Calabria .
Yokoji Zen Mountain Center is a year - round Zen Buddhist training and retreat center located in the San Jacinto Mountains of Southern California .
Balmaha ( Gaelic : Baile MoThatha ) is a village on the eastern shore of Loch Lomond in the council area of Stirling , Scotland .
The Weinberg Center is a venue located in Frederick , Maryland that holds various showings of music , theatre , films and visual art . The theatre was built as the Tivoli Theatre by the Stanley - Crandall concern and opened on December 23 , 1926 .
The Morgan Building is an office building located in downtown Portland , Oregon , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Bavarian National Museum ( Bayerisches Nationalmuseum ) in Munich is one of the most important museums of decorative arts in Europe .
The Crab is an outdoor 1962 painted steel sculpture by Alexander Calder , installed outside the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Shahrak - e Halab ( Persian : شهرك حلب‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Ḩalab ; also known as Ḩalab - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 551 , in 112 families .
Madison Square Garden ( sometimes called MSG or The Garden ) is a multi - purpose indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan , New York .
Shurchah ( Persian : شورچاه‎ , also Romanized as Shūrchāh ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kariza ( Persian : كاريزا‎ , also Romanized as Kārīzā ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Eastfield College is a community college of the Dallas County Community College District ( DCCCD ) , located in Mesquite , Texas ( USA ) .
Little Dell Reservoir is a reservoir in eastern Salt Lake County , Utah , United States , about 13 miles east of Salt Lake City in the western Wasatch Mountains .
Kolah Pa ( Persian : كله پا‎ , also Romanized as Kolah Pā ; also known as Kolā Pā ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Philmont Training Center ( PTC ) , located at the Philmont Scout Ranch near Cimarron , New Mexico , has been the National Training Center of the Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) since 1950 .
WGMI ( 1440 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian music format , licensed to Bremen , Georgia , USA .
Thibodaux High School ( THS ) is a public high school serving students in grades 9 - -12 in Thibodaux , Louisiana , USA about 75 miles southwest of New Orleans .
The Lucius Pond Ordway Devil 's Den Preserve in Weston and Redding , Connecticut , encompassing 1,746 acres ( 7.07 km2 ) , is the largest preserve in Fairfield County , Connecticut and one of the larger preserves in the metropolitan New York area .
Khokhra ( Gujarati:ખોખરા ) is an area located in Ahmedabad , India .
Christ the King Graceland Independent Anglican Church of Canada is an independent Anglican parish in Newmarket , Ontario , Canada , under the leadership of Archbishop Dorian Baxter , aka `` Elvis Priestley '' , who presides over traditional services based primarily on the Book of Common Prayer .
Sage Hall was built in 1875 at Cornell University 's Ithaca , New York campus .
Chavelkan - e Vazir ( Persian : چاولكان وزير‎ , also Romanized as Chāvelkān - e Vazīr ; also known as Chābolkān Vazīr ) is a village in Gol - e Cheydar Rural District , Sarshiv District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Artsplosure is an art festival held each year in downtown Raleigh , North Carolina , focused in the Moore Square Historic District .
Międzyświeć ( mjɛnˈd͡zɨɕfjɛt͡ɕ ) is a village in Gmina Skoczów , Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Rezé ( Breton : Reudied , Gallo : Rezae ) is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique department in western France .
Plasterfield ( Scottish Gaelic : Raon na Crèadha ) is a hamlet in the Scottish Outer Hebrides , on the island of Lewis .
Stechford Baptist Church is a small Baptist church in Stechford East Birmingham UK , notable for a 40-year history of combating racism and promoting community cohesion in a UK urban - deprived setting .
Foișorul de Foc ( literally The Fire Tower ) is a 42-metre high building in Bucharest , Romania , between Obor , Calea Moșilor and Nerva - Traian .
Khamar - e Qalandaran ( Persian : خمرقلندران‎‎ , also Romanized as Khamār - e Qalandarān ; also known as Khamār ) is a village in Faramarzan Rural District , Jenah District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Hopewell Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Hopewell Township and Shiloh , in Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States .
Alexandria City Jail is a jail in Alexandria , Virginia , the Alexandria City Jail has housed several prominent prisoners .
The Collins Archeological District is a pre - Columbian archaeological site located in Kennekuk County Park in Vermilion County , Illinois .
WJGK ( formerly WGNY - FM ) is a radio station located in Newburgh , New York , which plays mostly gold - based adult contemporary music .
Commins Coch is a small village on the A470 in the county of Powys in Wales .
Dar Rigan ( Persian : درريگان‎ , also Romanized as Dar Rīgān ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
North Tawton is a small town in Devon , England , situated on the river Taw .
Piluiyeh ( Persian : پيلوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Pīlū’īyeh ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Willow Beach National Fish Hatchery is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , located approximately 45 miles ( 72.4 km ) South East of Las Vegas , Nevada , in Mohave County , Arizona on the Colorado River ten miles ( 16 km ) south of the Hoover Dam .
Dębienko ( dɛmˈbjɛnkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lock and Dam No . 18 is a lock and dam located near Gladstone , Illinois and Burlington , Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 410.5 .
Tavakkolabad - e Amid ( Persian : توكل اباداميد‎ , also Romanized as Tavakkolābād - e Amīd ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Peter Sinks is a natural sinkhole in northern Utah that is one of the coldest places in the contiguous United States .
Chini Bolagh ( Persian : چيني بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Chīnī Bolāgh ) is a village in Abbas - e Gharbi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Stiegel - Coleman House , also known as Elizabeth Farms , is a site in Brickerville , Pennsylvania .
Valleau Tavern is a historic tavern located at Cochecton in Sullivan County , New York .
The Fremont Cut is a body of water that forms part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal , which passes through the U.S. city of Seattle and links Lake Washington to Puget Sound .
Welk ( vɛlk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sabur ( Persian : صبور‎‎ , also Romanized as Şabūr ; also known as Sabūrī ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kirchlauter is a municipality in the Bavarian Administrative Region of Lower Franconia in the district of Haßberge in Germany .
Mill Woods Town Centre is a shopping centre located in south Edmonton , Alberta in the neighbourhood of Mill Woods .
Biesowiczki ( bjɛsɔˈvit͡ʂki ) ( German : Beßwitzer Glashütte ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Santo Antônio de Jesus is a city in the eastern part of the state of Bahia , Brazil , located west of the state capital Salvador .
Mali Slatnik ( pronounced ( ˈmaːli ˈslaːtnik ) ) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Green Tree Mall is a shopping mall located in Clarksville , Indiana , a suburb of Louisville , Kentucky .
Bona Espero ( Esperanto : Good Hope ) is a community and rural school for poor children in Alto Paraíso de Goiás , Brazil .
Before the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles on 10 October 2010 , Curaçao was administered as the `` Island Territory of Curaçao '' ( Dutch : Eilandgebied Curaçao , Papiamentu : Teritorio Insular di Kòrsou ) , one of five island territories of the former Netherlands Antilles .
Robert Trent Jones Golf Club ( RTJ ) is a private golf club located in Gainesville , Virginia , a suburb southwest of Washington D.C. Opened for play 24 years ago in 1991 , the par 72 course plays between 5,570 and 7,425 yards ( 5,093 and 6,789 m ) .
The Samuel Foster House ( also known as the Foster - Emerson House ) is a historic house at 409 Grove Street ( formerly at 288 Grove Street ) in Reading , Massachusetts .
Warzęgowo ( vaʐɛŋˈɡɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Big Blue Bug , also known as Nibbles Woodaway , is the giant termite mascot of Big Blue Bug Solutions , located along I-95 in Providence , Rhode Island .
Munds Mountain Wilderness is an 18,150-acre ( 7,345 ha ) wilderness area in the Coconino National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Lake Weaver is a natural freshwater lake located in Lake Wales , Florida .
WLQC ( 103.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards / MOR format , licensed to Sharpsburg , North Carolina .
Markadeh ( Persian : ماركده‎‎ , also Romanized as Mārkadeh ; also known as Markadeh Pā’īn and Mazra``eh - ye Mār Kadeh ) is a village in Hureh Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,348 , in 392 families .
Chel Bozi ( Persian : چل‌بزی‎ , also Romanized as Chel Bozī ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rankowskie ( raŋˈkɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urzędów , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dalgaranga crater is a small meteorite impact crater located on Dalgaranga pastoral station 75 km west of Mount Magnet ( or north of Yalgoo ) in Western Australia .
Tubarão is a Brazilian municipality located in southern part of Santa Catarina state .
Almaden Reservoir is an artificial lake in the hills south of San Jose , California , U.S.A ..
The Bamberg Post Office , located in the city and county of Bamberg , South Carolina , was built in 1937 - 38 and is significant as an example of a New Deal - era post office .
The Erie Land Light , also known as the Old Presque Isle Light , is a lighthouse on the shore of Lake Erie in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Rowsley is a village on the A6 road in the English county of Derbyshire .
Kanuleh - ye Pain ( Persian : كنوله پايين‎ , also Romanized as Kanūleh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Kanūleh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sargur ( also known as Saragur pronounced Saraguru in the Kannada language , as Kannada words end in vowels , which are lost in their Anglicization ) , is a small town located about 80 km from the town of Chamarajanagar in the H D Kote Taluk of Mysore district of Karnataka , India .
The Eliot Bridge is a bridge over the Charles River between Cambridge , Massachusetts and Allston , Boston , Massachusetts .
Skyline Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in La Mesa , California , a suburb of San Diego , affiliated with the Wesleyan Church denomination .
Rickinghall Superior is a civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk , England .
Fox Island River - Point au Mal is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , located northwest of Stephenville .
Wilshire Boulevard Temple , known from 1862 to 1933 as Congregation B'nai B'rith , is the oldest Jewish congregation in Los Angeles , California .
Walter 's Falls ( Piper Way ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CWF2 ) is an aerodrome located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) east southeast of Walter 's Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Giełpsz ( ɡʲɛu̯pʂ ) ( German : Gelbsch ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Krajowice ( krajɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczyce , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Falkland Palace in Falkland , Fife , Scotland , is a royal palace of the Scottish Kings .
Surul is a village in Bolpur subdivision of Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
John McLaren Park is a park in south - eastern San Francisco .
Sterławki Wielkie ( stɛrˈwafki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German Groß Stürlack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qeshlaq - e Aqa Khan - e Ekhtiar ( Persian : قشلاق اقاخان اختيار‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Āqā Khān - e Ekhtīār ; also known as Zendehābād ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Malet Street is a street in Bloomsbury , in the London Borough of Camden , Central London , England .
Dorsington is a civil parish in the Stratford - on - Avon district , in the county of Warwickshire , England .
V. Kopperapadu is a panchayat accredited village in Ballikurava mandal of Prakasam district which is in Andhra Pradesh of India .
Ramata parish ( Latvian : Ramatas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Mazsalaca municipality , Latvia .
Charvil is a village and civil parish in Berkshire , England a few miles east of Reading on the A4 road to Maidenhead , between Sonning and Twyford .
The Superior Oil Company Building , currently The Standard Downtown LA and previously the Bank of California Building , is a 12-story marble - clad highrise building located at 550 S Flower St in Downtown Los Angeles .
The Lottie Moon House , located at 220 East High Street in Oxford , Ohio , was completed in 1831 .
The Alexander Thompson House is one of several originally built by members of the Thompson family in Thompson Ridge , a hamlet in the Town of Crawford in Orange County , New York .
East Pennard is a village and civil parish 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north west of Castle Cary , and 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south of Shepton Mallet , in the Mendip district of Somerset , England .
Concord Academy is a coeducational , independent , college preparatory school for grades nine through twelve , located in Concord , Massachusetts .
The Angels Hotel in Angels Camp , California , was the hotel where the author Mark Twain heard a story that he would later turn into his short story `` The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' .
Exercise1 Recordings ( often shortened to EX1 ) was a London based independent record label that released debut singles from Jeremy Warmsley , A Million Billion , Plans & Apologies , The Coral Sea , and Twin Thousands .
Leavitt Peak is located in the Emigrant Wilderness near Sonora Pass in the eastern Sierra Nevada range of California .
Ulundurpettai is a town panchayat in Ulundurpet taluk of Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu , India .
L'Hôpital - le - Mercier ( French pronunciation : ​(lopital lə mɛʁsje ) ) is a commune in the Saône - et - Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France .
San Marzano di San Giuseppe ( Arbërisht : Shën Marcani ) is an Arbëreshë town and comune in the Province of Taranto , in the Italian region of Apulia .
Gorley Hill is the site of a former Iron Age promontory hillfort located in Hampshire .
The William Way LGBT Community Center is a nonprofit organization serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender population of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and nearby communities , located at 1315 Spruce Street in Philadelphia .
Kamloops Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAH7 ) , is located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) west northwest of Kamloops , British Columbia , Canada .
Wumenqiao Subdistrict ( Chinese : 吴门桥街道 ) is a township - level division of Gusu District , Suzhou , Jiangsu , China .
West Burra is one of the Scalloway Islands , a subgroup of the Shetland Islands in Scotland .
Cimochowizna ( t͡ɕimɔxɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Powell Oil Field was an oil field developed in eastern Navarro County , Texas in 1923 .
Deh Shahik ( Persian : ده شهيك‎ , also Romanized as Deh Shahīk ; also known as Deh Shahak ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fort Fish was an earthworks fortification in northern Manhattan in New York City , built in 1814 .
Kolonia Lgota ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈlɡɔta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lgota Wielka , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sainte - Anne - de - la - Pérade is a municipality in the Les Chenaux Regional County Municipality , in the Mauricie region of the province of Quebec in Canada .
Selattyn ( Welsh : Sylatyn ) is the name of a village close to Oswestry in Shropshire , England , on the England--
Arthur Dunn Airpark ( FAA LID : X21 ) is a public - use airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) northwest of the central business district of the city of Titusville in Brevard County , Florida , United States .
WQLV ( 98.9 FM ) is a Hot Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station in Millersburg , Pennsylvania .
Lipowe Pole Skarbowe ( liˈpɔvɛ ˈpɔlɛ skarˈbɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne , within Skarżysko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Józefów Duży ( juˈzɛfuf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Skronie ( ˈskrɔɲe ) ( German Krühne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Tarapuram or Tharapuram ( Telugu : తారాపురం ) is a Village and Gram panchayat in Ramabhadrapuram mandal of Vizianagaram district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Wolverine Canyon , UT is a canyon near the town of Boulder , Utah .
Jezlan Dasht ( Persian : جزلاندشت‎ , also Romanized as Jezlān Dasht and Jazlān Dasht ; also known as Dzhezrandasht , Jazārandasht , and Jezrāndasht ) is a village in Darram Rural District , in the Central District of Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Los Padres National Forest is a United States national forest in southern and central California .
Evans Lookout is a lookout in the Blue Mountains , New South Wales , Australia .
Opacionka ( ɔpaˈt͡ɕɔŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek , within Dębica County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Palace of Culture and Sports ( Bulgarian : Дворец на културата и спорта ) is an indoor complex for culture and sport located in Varna , Bulgaria .
Aikwood Tower ( also known as Oakwood Tower ) is a 16th - century tower house in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southwest of the town of Selkirk , on the Ettrick Water .
Kuchy - Kolonia ( ˈkuxɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Country Stampede Music Festival is an outdoor country music and camping festival held at Tuttle Creek Lake State Park , north of Manhattan , Kansas .
The Glasgow Stock Exchange is a prominent building and financial institution in the centre of the city of Glasgow , Scotland .
Ręboszewo ( rɛmbɔˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bazoft Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بازفت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Vaiste is a village in Varbla Parish , Pärnu County , in southwestern Estonia , on the coast of the Gulf of Riga .
Nomreh - ye Davazdah ( Persian : نمره دوازده‎ , also Romanized as Nomreh - ye Davāzdah ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Zadowice ( zadɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wilton Candy Kitchen is a combination ice cream parlor , soda fountain and confectionery store located in Wilton , Iowa , United States .
Anna Maria Island , sometimes called Anna Maria Key , is a barrier island on the coast of Manatee County , Florida in the United States .
Sheyb - e Nasri ( Persian : شيب ناصري‎ , also Romanized as Sheyb - e Nāṣrī ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Aspen Center for Physics is a non - profit Center for research in Physics based in Aspen , Colorado .
Feorlig ( Scottish Gaelic : Feòirlig ) is a small crofting settlement on the northwest shore of Loch Caroy near Dunvegan on the Isle of Skye in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland .
Komor Rud ( Persian : كمررود‎ , also Romanized as Komor Rūd and Kamar Rūd ; also known as Kamarūd , Komor , and Kamar ) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah - e Nuri Rural District , Baladeh District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Medison Hall is an indoor arena in Zrenjanin .
Dhanghata is a village and tahsil in the Sant Kabir Nagar district in the Uttar Pradesh state in India .
Talkhvoncheh ( Persian : طالخونچه‎ , also Romanized as Ţālkhvoncheh and Ţālkhūncheh ) is a city in the Central District of Mobarakeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Behruziyeh ( Persian : بهروزيه‎ , also Romanized as Behrūzīyeh ) is a village in Azadegan Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Bookstore Mural is an outdoor mural by Richard Wolk located on the corner of Liberty Street and State Street in downtown Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Waszulki - Kolonia ( vaˈʂulki kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Karpiny ( karˈpinɨ ) ( German : Treugenkohl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Navaygan ( Persian : نوايگان‎ , also Romanized as Navāygān ; also known as Nūdāyejān and Nūdāyjān ) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Guni Kand ( Persian : گوني كند‎ , also Romanized as Gūnī Kand ; also known as Gūnī Kandī and Gūney Kandī ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hardy Dam ( or Hardy Hydroelectric Plant ) is an earth - filled embankment dam and powerplant complex on the Muskegon River in Big Prairie Township , Newaygo County , Michigan .
Shilav Dun ( Persian : شيلاودون‎ , also Romanized as Shīlāv Dūn ; also known as Shīlāb Dān , Shīlāb Dūn , and Shīlāvdān ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Yusefi Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dunlavin ( Irish : Dún Luáin ) is a village in County Wicklow , Ireland , situated about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) south - west of Dublin .
Thangachimadam is a central part of Rameswaram which is a holy island in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Space Spiral was a gyro tower built by Von Roll at Cedar Point in Sandusky , Ohio .
Yuanling County ( simplified Chinese : 沅陵县 ; traditional Chinese : 沅陵縣 ; pinyin : Yuánlíng Xiàn ) is under the administration of Huaihua , Hunan province , China .
The Henry 's Fork Caldera in eastern Idaho is a caldera located an area known as Island Park , west of Yellowstone National Park .
The Beierle Farm near Watkins , Colorado was started in 1890 .
Weeki Wachee Springs is a natural tourist attraction located in Weeki Wachee , Florida , where underwater performances by `` mermaids '' , women wearing fish tails as well as other fanciful outfits , can be viewed in an aquarium - like setting in the spring of the Weeki Wachee River .
WVVY - LP ( 96.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Tisbury , Massachusetts , USA , and serving part of Martha 's Vineyard .
The Jamestown Windmill is a smock mill in Jamestown , Rhode Island within the Windmill Hill Historic District on North Road north of Weeden Lane .
Dayu Kandi ( Persian : دايوكندي‎ , also Romanized as Dāyū Kandī ; also known as Dāyū , Tai , and Tay ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Przybin ( ˈpʂɨbin ) ( German : Sophienhof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mount Aventine is a farm complex and national historic district located along the Potomac River in Bryans Road , Charles County , Maryland .
The Gunnery is a private coeducational boarding and day prep school located in rural Connecticut , United States .
Corcoran High School is a public high school located in Syracuse , New York , having approximately 1800 students .
The Miles Canyon Basalts represent a package of rocks that include various exposures of basaltic lava flows and cones that erupted and flowed across an ancient pre - glacial landscape in south - central Yukon .
Dexter B. Florence Memorial Field ( ICAO : KADF , FAA LID : ADF ) ( formerly identified as M89 by FAA ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) south of the central business district of Arkadelphia , a city in Clark County , Arkansas , United States .
Heamoor ( formerly Hea ) ( Cornish : An Hay ) is a village in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Turkdean is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire , England , approximately 30 km ( 20 mi ) to the east of Gloucester .
Riposto ( Sicilian : Ripostu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Catania .
KMOC , The Message of Christ is a contemporary Christian music station located in Wichita Falls , Texas and broadcasts at 89.5 FM .
The Ruby and Elizabeth Cohen Woodlands is a park located on McDonald Road in Colchester , Connecticut .
Sur - e Tahmasb ( Persian : سورطهماسب‎ , also Romanized as Sūr - e Ţahmāsb ; also known as Shūr and Sūr ) is a village in Khafri Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Vila Franca de Xira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ ˈfɾɐ̃kɐ ðɨ ˈʃiɾɐ ) ) is a municipality in the Lisbon District in Portugal .
Acraman Creek Conservation Park is a protected area located in South Australia on the northern side of Streaky Bay on the western side of the Eyre Peninsula , about half way between the towns of Ceduna and Streaky Bay .
Bhadarva ( Bhadarwa ) is a village in Savli Taluka in Vadodara District of Gujarat State , India .
Ołdaki - Magna Brok ( ɔu̯ˈdaki ˈmaɡna ˈbrɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew - Osada , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hamiota Municipality is a rural municipality ( RM ) in the Canadian province of Manitoba that incorporated on January 1 , 2015 via the amalgamation of the RM of Hamiota and the Town of Hamiota .
Nimigea ( Hungarian : Nemegye ) is a commune in Bistriţa - Năsăud County , Transylvania , Romania , with 5,324 residents .
Jaydev Kenduli is a village and gram panchayat in Ilambazar community development block in Bolpur subdivision of Birbhum District in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Old Dutch Church Parsonage ( also known as Cornelius Masten Stone House ; Julia Dillon House ) is a historic church at 109 Pearl Street in Kingston , New York .
The Conestoga Creek Viaduct spans the Conestoga River east of Lancaster , Pennsylvania .
Khitar ( Ukrainian : Хі́тар , Polish : Hutar ) is a village ( selo ) in Skole Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Glenrock train wreck is the worst train wreck in Wyoming history , killing 30 .
On 28 April 1920 , the 11th Red Army invaded Baku and reinstalled the Bolsheviks , making Baku the capital of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic .
Bushkan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بوشكان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Bushkan District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Enkomi ( Greek : Έγκωμη ; Turkish : Tuzla ) is a village near Famagusta in Cyprus .
The Cherokee Female Seminary , ( not to be confused with the first Cherokee Female Seminary ) , serves as the centerpiece of Northeastern State University , located in Tahlequah , Oklahoma , United States .
The Hackney Canal was a short canal in Devon , England , that linked the Hackney Clay Cellars to the River Teign .
Calaveras Hills High School ( CHHS ) is one of the two high schools of Milpitas , California .
Vikersund is a town of 2,748 ( in 2009 ) inhabitants in the municipality capital of Modum , in the county of Buskerud , Norway .
Kalateh - ye Hajji Rostami ( Persian : كلاته حاجي رستمي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩājjī Rostamī ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Mollā Moḩammad ) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chahar Gaveh ( Persian : چهارگاوه‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Gāveh ; also known as Chahār Gāv and Chahār Kāveh ) is a village in Miyan Ab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Electric Banana was a nightclub in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Clayton High School Auditorium is an historic structure serving the public school of Clayton , Oklahoma .
Nakh Mountain ( Persian : کوه ناخ ‎‎ ) is a mountain in Kukherd Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province in the south of Iran .
Venturosa is a city in northeastern Brazil , in the State of Pernambuco .
Boneh - ye Sorkhi ( Persian : بنه سرخي‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Sorkhī ; also known as Boneh - ye Sorkh and Shīrīn Āb ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wayne Hotel , formerly known as The Waynewood , is a historic hotel located at Wayne , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
Getrani ( Persian : گتراني‎ , also Romanized as Getrānī ; also known as Qaţrānī ) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District , in the Central District of Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qaleh - ye Gareh ( Persian : قلعه گره‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Gareh and Qal``eh Garreh ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 30 , in 6 families .
Rosenwiller ( German : Rosenweiler ) is a commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Latrobe City Stadium , previously known as Mobil Park , is a football ( soccer ) stadium in Morwell , Victoria , Australia .
The Rohrbach Covered Bridge No . 24 was a historic wooden covered bridge located in Franklin Township in Columbia County , Pennsylvania .
The Pine Island National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System , located on the southwest coast of Florida south of Charlotte Harbor , north of Sanibel Island in Pine Island Sound on La Costa Island .
Elk Rock State Park is a state park of Iowa , USA , located in Marion County situated on both upstream banks of Red Rock Reservoir .
Saleh Moshatat ( Persian : صالح مشطت‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḥ Moshaṭat and Şāleḥmoshaṭat ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Centennial Mountains are the southernmost sub - range of the Bitterroot Range in the U.S. states of Idaho and Montana .
Malek Mirzacham Dashti ( Persian : ملك ميرزاچم دشتي‎ , also Romanized as Maleḵ Mīrzācham Dashtī ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
KCWN ( 99.9 FM ) is a commercial radio station that serves the area of Oskaloosa , Iowa , USA .
Menafabad ( Persian : مناف اباد‎ , also Romanized as Menāfābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Peth Vadgaon ( also Kasaba Vadgaon or Vadgaon Kasaba ) is a city and education hub in Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Czerwięcino ( t͡ʂɛrvjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
WEZS ( 1350 AM ) is a broadcast radio station licensed to Laconia , New Hampshire , serving the Laconia and Franklin , New Hampshire area .
Kułaków ( kuˈwakuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Taconic State Parkway ( often called the Taconic or the TSP and known administratively as New York State Route 987 G or NY 987 G ) , is a 104.12-mile ( 167.56 km ) divided highway between Kensico Dam and Chatham , the longest parkway in the U.S. state of New York .
Sheli ( Persian : شلي‎ , also Romanized as Shelī ; also known as Sheleh ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Zosel Dam is a dam in the U.S. state of Washington that blocks the Okanogan River to create the Osoyoos Lake .
The Washoe Theater in Anaconda , Montana was the last theater constructed in the United States in the Nuevo Deco ( a form of Art Deco ) style .
The Heartland Museum of Military Vehicles ( HMMV ) in Lexington , Nebraska is a non - profit organization run by volunteers and funded by donations and grants .
The Canning Contour Channel is a 16 kilometres ( 9.9 mi ) series of man - made concrete channels and steel and cast - iron pipelines in the Darling Scarp in Western Australia constructed between July 1935 and December 1936 .
The Pioneer Playhouse , located in Danville , Kentucky , is the oldest outdoor theater in the state of Kentucky .
Bobrowce ( bɔˈbrɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kildavin ( Irish : Cill Damháin ) is a small village in County Carlow , Ireland .
Blakesley Hall ( grid reference SP130861 ) ( a grade II * listed building ) is a Tudor hall on Blakesley Road in Yardley , Birmingham , England .
Victory University , formerly Crichton College , was an accredited private liberal arts Christian college located in the USA ( Memphis , Tennessee ) .
Cochise College Airport ( FAA LID : P03 ) is a public use airport located 7 nm west of the CBD of Douglas , in Cochise County , Arizona , United States .
Ngape Township ( Burmese : ငဖဲ မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Minbu District in the Magway Division of Myanmar .
Blum Basin Falls is a waterfall in Whatcom County , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Gwoźnica Dolna ( ɡvɔʑˈɲit͡sa ˈdɔlna ) ( Ukrainian : Гвізниця Долішня , Hviznytsia Dolishnia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niebylec , within Strzyżów County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Seppman Mill ( sometimes spelled Seppmann Mill ) is a former windmill in Blue Earth County , Minnesota , United States , now preserved in Minneopa State Park .
The Daniel Boone Homestead , the birthplace of American frontiersman Daniel Boone , is a museum that is administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission near Birdsboro , Berks County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Phare de Gatteville , also known as Pointe de Barfleur Light , is an active lighthouse near Gatteville - le - Phare at the tip of Barfleur , Manche department , in the Lower Normandy region of France .
Plaza 440 is a 49-story residential condominium building located in downtown Chicago , Illinois .
Lak Posht ( Persian : لكپشت‎ ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Podniebyle ( pɔdɲɛˈbɨlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlicze , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Camp Greylock is a boys ' summer camp located in Becket , Massachusetts .
William H. Morse State Airport ( ICAO : KDDH , FAA LID : DDH ) is a state - owned public - use airport located three miles ( 5 km ) west of the central business district of Bennington , a town in Bennington County , Vermont , United States .
Hojumabad ( Persian : هجوم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Hojūmābād ) is a village in Razavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Kellerwald is a low mountain range reaching heights of up to 675 m in the western part of northern Hesse , Germany .
Carrega Ligure is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) southeast of Turin and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Alessandria , in the upper Ligurian Apennines in the Val Borbera .
Dagh Kandi ( Persian : داغ كندئ‎ , also Romanized as Dāgh Kandī ) is a village in Salavat Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Madison Square - West Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located in the Susan B. Anthony Neighborhood of Rochester in Monroe County , New York .
Jákfa is a village located in Vas County in western Hungary with an area of 20.11 km² and a population of 540 .
Lake Tear of the Clouds ( 44.1069 ° N 73.9359 ° W ) is a small tarn located in the town of Keene , in Essex County , New York , United States , on the southwest slope of Mount Marcy , the state 's highest point , in the Adirondack Mountains .
Deh - e Kadkhoda ( Persian : ده كدخدا‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Kadkhodā ; also known as Deh - e Kūh Khvāh , Den Kūh Khvāh , and Do Kūh Khvāh ) is a village in Doab Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Hogback Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge near Winterset , Iowa .
Borsk ( bɔrsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KSJE ( 90.9 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station licensed to serve Farmington , New Mexico , USA .
Gorguiyeh ( Persian : گرگوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Gorgū’īyeh ; also known as Gorgnow’īyeh and Kargū’īyeh ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Norton - sub - Hamdon is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset district of the English county of Somerset , situated five miles west of Yeovil .
Garmab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گرماب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Buochs Airport ( ICAO code LSZC Mil : LSMU ) is a regional airport in the town of Buochs in the Canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland .
Bergh Apton is a village and civil parish in the South Norfolk district of Norfolk , England , 7 miles ( 11 km ) south - east of Norwich just south of the A146 between Yelverton and Thurton .
Spider Bridge at Falls of Schuylkill was an iron - wire footbridge erected in 1816 over the Schuylkill River , north of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Atlantic Steel Company was a steel company in Atlanta , Georgia with a large steel mill on the site of today 's Atlantic Station multi - use complex .
The Naval Medical Center Portsmouth ( NMCP ) , formerly Naval Hospital Portsmouth , is a United States Navy medical center in Portsmouth , Virginia , United States .
Hapsford is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Boothia Peninsula ( /ˈbuːθiə/ ; formerly Boothia Felix ) is a large peninsula in Nunavut 's northern Canadian Arctic , south of Somerset Island .
Chaku ( Persian : چكو‎ , also Romanized as Chakū ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Located in Norwood , Ohio , the Norwood Assembly Plant built General Motors cars between the years of 1923 and 1987 .
Ględowo ( ɡlɛnˈdɔvɔ ) ( Kashubian : Glãdòwò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qezel Cheshmeh ( Persian : قزل چشمه‎ ) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Lynn Canyon Suspension Bridge is a pedestrian bridge located within Lynn Canyon Park , in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia .
Szewce Nagórne ( ˈʂɛft͡sɛ naˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Morris - Lull Farm , also known as Elmwood Farm , is a historic farm and national historic district located at Morris in Otsego County , New York .
The Frankenfield Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that spans Tinicum Creek in Point Pleasant , Pennsylvania , United States .
Sar Ney ( Persian : سرني‎ ) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District , Salehabad District , Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Herongate Mall was a medium - sized shopping centre , launched in 1981 , and located in the Herongate region of Ottawa , Ontario .
The Mayacamas Mountains are located in northwestern California in the United States .
St. Matthias , Bellwoods , is a small inclusive Anglo - Catholic parish of the Anglican Church of Canada located in Toronto , Ontario .
West Stafford is a village and civil parish in southwest Dorset , England , situated in the Frome valley 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) east of Dorchester .
The ARO 12 m Radio Telescope ( ARO12 m or KP12 m ) is a 12-meter dish located on Kitt Peak , approximately 60 mi ( 100 km ) from Tucson , Arizona at an elevation of 6215.8 ft ( 1894.5 m ) .
The Des Plaines crater or Des Plaines disturbance is recognized as an impact crater in Cook County , Illinois , United States .
Indian Hill Mall is a former shopping mall in Pomona , California .
Black Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJZ6 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) east northeast of the community of Black Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada and on Black Lake .
Mogheul ( Arabic : ﻣﻮﻏﻞ‎ ) is a town and commune in Lahmar District , Béchar Province , in western Algeria near the border with Morocco .
East Hollywood High School ( EHHS ) is an accredited public charter school in West Valley City , Utah that specializes in film production training for students grades 9 - 12 .
Nądnia ( ˈnɔndɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszyń , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Pill Hill Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Boylston Street , Pond Ave . , and Acron , Oakland and Highland Roads in Brookline , Massachusetts .
The William P. Warnock House , at 501 S. 5th St. in Enterprise , Oregon , is a 2 1⁄2-story historic house was built in 1910 and has been the largest house in Enterprise .
Nadak ( Persian : نداك‎ , also Romanized as Nadāk ) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Rahmat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رحمت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Seyyedan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Rudno Jeziorowe ( ˈrudnɔ jɛʑɔˈrɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Kirkland Performance Center is a 402-seat theater in downtown Kirkland , Washington .
Kilbowie Park , also known as New Kilbowie Park , was a football stadium in Clydebank , Scotland .
Lester B. Pearson School for the Arts is a public , elementary - Grades 4 to 8 , school in London , Ontario , Canada , part of the Thames Valley District School Board .
141 Mayflower Street in the Larimer neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built circa 1885 .
Tolbozan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تل بزان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vikan ( Persian : ويكان‎ , also Romanized as Vīkān ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Qozloq ( Persian : قزلق‎ ; also known as Kuzluk and Kūz̄ūkh ) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pontassieve is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany , located about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) east of Florence , nearby Fiesole , at the confluence of the Arno and Sieve rivers .
Tolniki Małe ( tɔlˈniki ˈmawɛ ) ( German Tollnigk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Elbe Evangelical Lutheran Church is a small church in Elbe , Washington .
Sorkhanlu ( Persian : سرخانلو‎ , also Romanized as Sorkhānlū ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Unified Fire Authority provides fire protection and emergency medical services for the unincorporated Salt Lake County , Utah as well as for 9 cities located within the Salt Lake Metropolitan Area .
Coventry Parish Ruins are the remnants of an historic Episcopal church located at Rehobeth , Somerset County , Maryland .
Zouteveen is a neighbourhood in the municipality Midden - Delfland in the province Zuid - Holland in the Netherlands .
St. Paul Island Airport ( IATA : SNP , ICAO : PASN , FAA LID : SNP ) is a state - owned , public - use airport located on St. Paul Island in the Aleutians West Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
A branch of the Telshe Yeshiva , the Yeshiva of Telshe Alumni is located in the Hudson Hill section of Riverdale , a neighborhood of the Bronx in New York City .
West Lanyon Quoit , also known as Lower Lanyon Quoit , is the remains of a prehistoric dolmen situated in the parish of Madron in Cornwall grid reference SW423337 .
The John Hansard Gallery is a contemporary visual art gallery located at the University of Southampton .
Blacktail Butte ( 7,688 feet ( 2,343 m ) ) is a butte mountain landform rising from Jackson Hole valley in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Kelbrook is a village in the civil parish of Kelbrook and Sough , Borough of Pendle , in Lancashire , England .
Kalateh - ye Molla Mohammad ( Persian : كلاته ملامحمد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Mollā Moḩammad and Kalāteh Mollā Mohammad ; also known as Mollā Maḩmūd , Mollā Moḩammad , Mulla Muhammad , and Tāzākand ) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District , Bajgiran District , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
WSOE is a non - commercial student - run college radio station based at Elon University in Elon , North Carolina that broadcasts at 89.3fm .
Shit Brook ( also called Shyte Brook ) is a culverted small stream in Much Wenlock , Shropshire , England .
Upper Cwmbran ( Welsh : Cwmbrân Uchaf ) is a suburb of Cwmbran , Torfaen in Wales .
Seyyed Hashemi ( Persian : سيدهاشمي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Hāshemī and Seid Hashemi ; also known as Seyyed Hāshem and Seyyed Hāshen ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Reading Regional Airport ( IATA : RDG , ICAO : KRDG , FAA LID : RDG ) ( also known as Carl A. Spaatz Field ) is a public airport three miles ( 5 km ) northwest of Reading , in Berks County , Pennsylvania .
The Englewood Cliffs Public Schools is a community public school district that serves children in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Englewood Cliffs , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Poshteh Kahnuj ( Persian : پشته كهنوج‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh Kahnūj ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Odrava ( German : Kulsam ) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Gilcrease Museum is a museum located northwest of downtown Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Fort Scott Municipal Airport ( IATA : FSK , ICAO : KFSK , FAA LID : FSK ) is a city - owned public - use airport located four miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Fort Scott , a city in Bourbon County , Kansas , United States .
Azdak ( Persian : ازدك‎ , also Romanized as Āzdaḵ and Azdaq ) is a village in Ayask Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Eastern Greene High School is a high school in the eastern part of Greene County , Indiana .
Qaluh Darreh ( Persian : قالوه دره‎ , also Romanized as Qālūh Darreh ) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bitterroot National Forest comprises 1.587 million acres ( 6,423 km² ) in west - central Montana and eastern Idaho , of the United States .
Lochmaddy ( Scottish Gaelic : Loch nam Madadh , `` Loch of the Hounds '' ) is the administrative centre of North Uist in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
The Bundesstraße 299 or B 299 is a major route in the Oberpfalz ( Upper Palatinate ) region of Bavaria .
Noworąblów ( nɔvɔˈrɔmbluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Võiste is a small borough ( alevik ) in Tahkuranna Parish , Pärnu County Estonia .
Haft Moleh ( Persian : هفت مله‎ , also Romanized as Haftmoleh ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Bushkan District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Moss Landing Marine Laboratories ( MLML ) is a multi - campus marine research consortium of the California State University System , headquartered at Moss Landing , California .
Kandeh Kandi ( Persian : كنده كندي‎ , also Romanized as Kandeh Kandī ; also known as Kandeh ) is a village in Salavat Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Nukabad ( Persian : نوك آباد‎ , also Romanized as Nūkābād and Nok Abad ) is a city in and capital of Nukabad District , in Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kaveh Industrial City ( Persian : شهرصنعتي كاوه‎ -- Shahr - e Şanʿatī - ye Kāveh ) is a village in Taraznahid Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Daniel Payne College , also known as the Payne Institute , Payne University and Greater Payne University , was a historically black college in Birmingham , Alabama .
Stekenjokk is an area of Vilhelmina Municipality in Västerbotten , Sweden , a few miles from the border with Norway .
Orr Regional Airport ( ICAO : KORB , FAA LID : ORB ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Orr , a city in Saint Louis County , Minnesota , United States .
Wangyi District ( Chinese language : 王益区 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Wángyì Qū ) is a district under the administration of Tongchuan city in Shaanxi province of the People 's Republic of China .
Radkan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رادكان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Širvintos District Municipality ( Lithuanian : Širvintų rajono savivaldybė ) is a municipality in Lithuania , it is in territory of Vilnius County and its capital is Širvintos .
The US Space Walk of Fame is an outdoor plaza on the Indian River in Titusville , Florida , honoring both the astronauts and the NASA and contractor personnel who made American manned space exploration possible .
Belden Place is a narrow alley in the Financial District of San Francisco , California that serves as the hub of the city 's small French American community .
Ahmadabad - e Tefli ( Persian : احمد آباد تفلي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Teflī ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Razab Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Heysham ( i/ˈhiːʃəm/ HEE - shəm ) is a large coastal village near Lancaster in the county of Lancashire , England .
Deh - e Malang ( Persian : ده ملنگ‎ ; also known as Malang - e Ḩasan ) is a village in Margan Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hales Bar Dam was a hydroelectric dam once located on the Tennessee River in Marion County , Tennessee , United States .
Lei Yue Mun ( also called Lyemun , Lye Moon Passage or Ly - ee - moon Passage ) is a short channel in Hong Kong , between Junk Bay and Victoria Harbour , separating Kowloon and Hong Kong Island .
Silas P. Smith Opera House , now known as Doddridge County Public Library , is a historic theatre located at West Union , Doddridge County , West Virginia .
Shandar - e Balnageh ( Persian : شندربالنگه‎ , also Romanized as Shandar - e Bālangeh ; also known as Shandar ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Hesar - e Kushk ( Persian : حصاركوشك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Kūshk ) is a village in Takht - e Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Episcopal Church of the Advent / St. John 's Chapel is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Episcopal church building located at Franklin and Washington streets in Cape May , Cape May County , New Jersey , United States .
Borshchahivka ( Ukrainian : Борщагі́вка ; Russian : Борщаго́вка ) is a neighborhood located to the west and south - west of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Brimbank Park is a State park situated in the north - western Melbourne suburb of Keilor , Victoria , Australia .
Old Rochester Regional High School ( ORR ) serves the towns of Marion , Mattapoisett , and Rochester in Plymouth County of Massachusetts , and was originally planned to include the neighboring town of Wareham .
Kushk - e Mur ( Persian : كوشك مور‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Mūr and Kūshk Mūr ; also known as Kūsh Kūmūr ) is a village in Mardehek Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Woolaroc is located in the Osage Hills of Northeastern Oklahoma on Oklahoma State Highway 123 about 12 mi ( 19 km ) southwest of Bartlesville , Oklahoma and 45 mi ( 72 km ) north of Tulsa , Oklahoma .
The Concord School of Philosophy was a lyceum - like series of summer lectures and discussions of philosophy in Concord , Massachusetts from 1879 to 1888 .
Laleston is a village and a community in Bridgend County Borough , south Wales , directly west of Bridgend town centre .
Eningen ( fullname Eningen unter Achalm ) is a municipality in the district of Reutlingen , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Cowesett Pound is an historic animal pound on Cowesett Road in Warwick , Rhode Island .
Piyam ( Persian : پيام‎ , also Romanized as Piyām , Payām , and Pīām ; also known as Yām ) is a village in Mishab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Deh Now - ye Gonbaki ( Persian : دهنوگنبكي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - ye Gonbakī and Deh Now - e Gonbakī ; also known as Deh - e Now and Deh Now ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , Gonbaki District , Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Clark - Robidoux House , located on 4th St. in Wallace , Kansas , is a house that was built circa 1880 .
Besnurka ( Bulgarian : Беснурка ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
The William Thomas Turner Barn was built in 1898 near Gardner , Kansas , United States .
Truskolasy - Olszyna ( truskɔˈlasɨ ɔlˈʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Kewaunee Power Station , now closed , occupies a 900-acre site in Carlton , Wisconsin , 27 miles southeast of Green Bay , Wisconsin , Kewaunee was the fourth nuclear power plant built in Wisconsin , and the 44th built in the United States .
The Bâtiment des Forces motrices ( BFM ) , French for `` Power plant building '' , is the power house of a former hydro power plant and waterworks in Geneva called Usine des Forces Motrices , later Usine des Forces Motrices de la Coulouvrenière .
Dorangla is a town in the Gurdaspur district , Punjab state of India , near the border with Pakistan .
Nongstoin ( IPA : ˈnɒŋˌstɔɪn ) is the headquarters of West Khasi Hills district in the state of Meghalaya in India .
Ammaiyappanallor is a village in Kancheepuram District , Tamil Nadu , India near Uthiramerur .
KJJT Los Ybanez , Texas is an FM station in one of the smallest cities of license regulated by the Federal Communications Commission .
Great Oxendon is a linear village and civil parish in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire in England .
The Main Seneca Building , originally known as the `` Marine Midland Trust Company Building '' or the `` Marine Trust Building , '' is a 17 story renaissance revival highrise in downtown Buffalo , New York .
Prairie Island Indian Community ( Dakota : Tinta Winta ) is a Mdewakanton Sioux Indian reservation in Goodhue County , Minnesota , along the Mississippi River , in and around the city of Red Wing .
Golden West Farms was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing stable and breeding farm at Okotoks , Alberta owned by Frank McMahon and Max Bell .
Carrigaholt ( Irish : Carraig an Chabhaltaigh , meaning `` Rock of the Fleet '' ) is a small fishing village in County Clare , Ireland , a castle and a Catholic parish by the same name .
A.Mettupatty ( Agrahara Mettupatty ) is a small Village near Valayapatty in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu .
Janvier 194 is a First Nations reserve in Alberta , Canada .
The Black Valley in County Kerry , is a remote location in the Macgillycuddy 's Reeks situated south of the Gap of Dunloe and north of Moll 's Gap .
The Lion 's Mound ( French : Butte du Lion , lit . `` Lion 's Hillock / Knoll '' ; Dutch : Leeuw van Waterloo , lit . `` Lion of Waterloo '' ) is a large conical artificial hill located in the municipality of Braine - l'Alleud , Belgium .
Red Mound , Wisconsin is an unincorporated community in Vernon County , Wisconsin located in the town of Wheatland .
Wiener Neustadt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈviːnɐ ˈnɔʏʃtat ) ) is a city located south of Vienna , in the state of Lower Austria , in north - east Austria .
The site lies on road D57 , a few hundred metres from the hamlet of Filitosa , 5 km west of Sollacaro , in the canton of Petreto - Bicchisano , arrondissement of Sartène , north of Propriano in the Corse - du - Sud département .
Turek County ( Polish : powiat turecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Pizzo Nero ( 2,904 m ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Ticino .
Mount Arethusa is a mountain located in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta , Canada .
The Elk River Chain of Lakes Watershed is a seventy - five mile - long waterway consisting of fourteen lakes and connecting rivers in the northwestern section of the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan , which empty into Lake Michigan .
Helsby is a village , civil parish and electoral ward in Cheshire , England , which in 2011 had a population of 4,972 .
Mont Shefford is a Monteregian Hill located in Shefford in the Montérégie region of Quebec , Canada .
Minudasht County ( Persian : شهرستان مینودشت‎ ) is a county in Golestan Province in Iran .
West Broadway is a north - south street in the New York City borough of Manhattan separated into two parts by Beach Street Park .
The 180 MW Tatanka Wind Farm , is located in Dickey County and McIntosh County , North Dakota , and McPherson County , South Dakota .
Parmanpur is a place in Mirzapur district , near Kollapur , in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India .
The 2010 Port Arthur oil spill was the result of a collision between two vessels in the Sabine - Neches Waterway at Port Arthur , Texas on January 23 , 2010 .
Griffin College , also referred to as Griffin Business College , was founded as a family - owned business college in Seattle , Washington in 1909 .
Dadhikot ( Nepali : दधिकोट ) is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Wildlife Prairie Park , officially dedicated as Hazel & Bill Rutherford Wildlife Prairie Park , is located in Peoria County , Illinois , in central Illinois , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) west of downtown Peoria .
Krishnarajanagara ( sometimes abbreviated to K.R. Nagara ) is a town in Mysore district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Haynes International Motor Museum at Sparkford near Yeovil in Somerset , England , contains over 400 cars and motorcycles and a collection of other automobilia .
Garodia Ki Dhani ( Nawalgarh ) is a village in the Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan , India .
The Scotts Peak Dam is an rockfill embankment dam with an asphalt face without a spillway across the Huon River , located in the South West region of Tasmania , Australia .
Wyszkowice ( vɨʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Weisdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Międzyrzecko ( mjɛnd͡zɨˈʐɛt͡skɔ ) ( German : Meseritzer Mühle ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Defiance College , located in Defiance , Ohio , United States , is an independent , co - educational liberal arts college affiliated with the United Church of Christ .
Myśliki ( mɨˈɕlʲikʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cheyenne Mountain State Park is a Colorado state park that was acquired in June 2000 through a partnership between the City of Colorado Springs , Colorado State Parks , Great Outdoors Colorado ( GOCO ) , Colorado Lottery , El Paso County , and other local private organizations .
Tonnochy Road ( also as Tonnochie and spelled Tonnochi in this version ) is an important location in the computer game Deus Ex , where the protagonist gathers clues about recent incidents within Wan Chai District .
Store Damme is a village in Fanefjord Parish on the western part of the Danish island of Møn , Vordingborg Municipality .
Ballyconnell ( Irish : Béal Átha Conaill , meaning `` Entrance to the Ford of Conall '' ) is a town in County Cavan , Ireland .
The Museum of Old and New Art ( MONA ) is an art museum located within the Moorilla winery on the Berriedale peninsula in Hobart , Tasmania , Australia .
Deh Chil ( Persian : ده چيل‎ , also Romanized as Deh Chīl ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Granada Towers is a historic apartment building / hotel located at Long Beach in Nassau County , New York .
WHVR ( 1280 AM ) is a Classic Country formatted radio station in Hanover , Pennsylvania .
WZEW ( 92 . 1 FM ) is an adult album alternative - formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fairhope , Alabama , serving Mobile , Alabama metropolitan area .
1600 Broadway ( also known as the Colorado State Bank Building ) is a high - rise in Denver , Colorado in the United States .
Windham Airport ( ICAO : KIJD , FAA LID : IJD ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) northeast of the central business district of Willimantic , a city in Windham County , Connecticut , United States .
Ratnowice ( ratnɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Rathmannsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Otmuchów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Khaneqah - e Vosta ( Persian : خانقاه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh - e Vostá and Khānqāh - e Vosţá ; also known as Khāneqāh , Khāneqāh - e Vasaţ , Khānqāh , and Khānqāh - e Vasaţ ) is a village in Kivanat Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chal Boqa ( Persian : چال بقا‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Boqā ; also known as Chābūgha , Chāl Boghā '' , Chālbūgha , and Shālbaqā ) is a village in Sardrud - e Sofla Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ayvazlu ( Persian : عيوض لو‎ , also Romanized as `` Ayvazlū and ' ' Eyvazlū ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
CKTE - FM is a First nations community radio station that operates at 89.9 FM in Aroland / Nakina , Ontario .
Tyrrellspass ( Irish : Bealach an Tirialaigh ) is a Georgian village in County Westmeath , Ireland .
Paliki ( Greek : Παλική ) is a peninsula and a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Poshtang - e Gari ( Persian : پشت تنگ گاري‎ , also Romanized as Poshtang - e Gārī ; also known as Poshtang - e Gāreh ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Yburg Castle is a ruined hilltop castle on the western edge of the Black Forest near Baden - Baden in southwestern Germany .
Newton by Tattenhall was a civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and ceremonial county of Cheshire in England .
Dashtab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دشتاب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Dixie Terminal buildings in Cincinnati , Ohio , were completed in 1921 and served as a streetcar terminal , stock exchange and office building in the city 's downtown business district .
Sukhteh Kosh ( Persian : سوخته كش‎ , also Romanized as Sūkhteh Kosh ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Castle Clinton or Fort Clinton , once known as Castle Garden , is a circular sandstone fort now located in Battery Park , in Manhattan , New York City .
Lashak ( Persian : لاشك‎ , also Romanized as Lāshak ) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Market Lake Wildlife Management Area at 5,071 acres ( 20.52 km2 ) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Jefferson County north of the town of Roberts .
Kelapur ( also called as Pandharkawda ) is a census town , tehsil and subdivision of Yavatmal district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Baggrow is a small village in the parish of Allhallows situated north of the Lake District in the English county of Cumbria .
Bishop River Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains on the Mainland of British Columbia , Canada , located southwest of and adjoining Ts'yl - os Provincial Park .
Double Trouble State Park is located in Lacey and Berkeley Townships in Ocean County , in the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Energia Areena is a multifunctional indoor arena located in Vantaa , Finland .
Wythall is a village and civil parish in the Bromsgrove District , in the north - east corner of the county of Worcestershire , England .
Camp Funston was a U.S. Army training camp located on Fort Riley , southwest of Manhattan , Kansas .
Białorogi ( bjawɔˈrɔɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeleniewo , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Bundesstraße 231 or B 231 is a German federal highway in North Rhine - Westphalia .
Bazchaleh ( Persian : بزچاله‎ , also Romanized as Bazchāleh ; also known as Barchāleh ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
High Hoyland is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire , England , on the border with West Yorkshire .
Różanka - Dwór ( ruˈʐanka ˈdvur ) ( German : Rosental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Yuelu District ( simplified Chinese : 岳麓区 ; traditional Chinese : 嶽麓區 ; pinyin : Yuèlù qū ) is one of six urban districts of Changsha , the capital of Hunan province , China .
Tabarabad ( Persian : تبراباد‎ , also Romanized as Tabarābād and Ţabarābād ) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Achnahanat ( Scottish Gaelic : Achadh na h - Annaid ) is a crofting settlement on the south side of the Kyle of Sutherland in Scotland .
Fort Pickering is a 17th - century historic fort site on Winter Island in Salem , Massachusetts .
La Junta Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KLHX , FAA LID : LHX ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of La Junta , a city in Otero County , Colorado , United States .
Higher Ashton is a village on the western slopes of Haldon in Teignbridge , Devon , England .
Wylewa ( vɨˈlɛva ) ( Ukrainian : Вилева , Vyleva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
National Trail Raceway is a quarter - mile dragstrip located between Hebron and Kirkersville , Ohio , USA , off of U.S. Route 40 .
Stony Brook University Hospital , previously known as Stony Brook University Medical Center is the university hospital of Stony Brook University located in the East Campus in Stony Brook , New York .
Seyf ol Din - e Sofla ( Persian : سيفالدين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn - e Soflá and Seyf od Dīn - e Soflá ; also known as Seyf od Dīn ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Waldwic , also known as the William M. Spencer , III , House , is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house and historic district located on the west side of Alabama Highway 69 , south of Gallion , Alabama .
Dolenje Lakovnice ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈlaːkɔu̯nitsɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Klew - Kolonia ( ˈklɛf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Korikestan ( Persian : كريكستان‎ , also Romanized as Korīkestān ) is a village in Hotkan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Château de la Tournelle was a now - demolished castle on the left bank of the Seine in the 5th arrondissement of Paris on the quai de la Tournelle , from which it took its name .
Polichnitos ( Greek : Πολίχνιτος ) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Lesbos , North Aegean , Greece .
Dennis F. Cantrell Field ( ICAO : KCWS , FAA LID : CWS , formerly M03 ) was a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Conway , in Faulkner County , Arkansas , United States .
Eshgaft - e Gav ( Persian : اشگفت گاو‎ , also Romanized as Eshgaft - e Gāv ; also known as Eshkaft - e Gāv and Eshkaft Gav ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The House at 20 Sterling Street in Quincy , Massachusetts , is a well - preserved Colonial Revival duplex .
Sha Tin Wai ( 沙田圍 ) is an area in Sha Tin District , Hong Kong , named after Sha Tin Wai village ( 沙田圍村 ) .
Lusk 's Ferry Road was an early road in Illinois that provided an overland connection between the main settlement , Fort Kaskaskia , on the Mississippi River , and Lusk 's Ferry , an important crossing point on the Ohio River .
Square One Mall ( formerly the New England Shopping Center ) is a 115 store shopping mall located along US Route 1 ( Broadway ) between Main Street and Essex Street in Saugus , Massachusetts .
Paciorkowizna ( pat͡ɕɔrkɔˈvizna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Temple Crest is a neighborhood and district located in northeastern part of Tampa , Florida .
Oblin ( ˈɔblin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Szwarszowice ( ʂfarʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Mogh Ahmad - e Bala ( Persian : مغ احمدبالا‎ , also Romanized as Mogh Aḩmad - e Bālā ) is a village in Gachin Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Redtail Nature Awareness is a Canadian nature retreat and wilderness education centre located near Scotsburn , Nova Scotia .
McArthur - Martin Hexadecagon Barn is a historic barn located at Bloomville in Delaware County , New York , United States .
Bishop Carroll Catholic High School , sometimes called Carroll or BC , is a private high school located in Wichita , Kansas .
Roosevelt Avenue is a main thoroughfare in the New York City borough of Queens .
The Benjamin Blacksmith Shop is a blacksmithy and museum , in operation since before 1885 , located adjacent to the Biddle House on Market Street on Mackinac Island in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Sardis ( /ˈsɑːrdɪs/ ) or Sardes ( /ˈsɑːrdiːz/ ; Lydian : Sfard ; Ancient Greek : Σάρδεις Sardeis ; Old Persian : Sparda ) was an ancient city at the location of modern Sart ( Sartmahmut before 19 October 2005 ) in Turkey 's Manisa Province .
Rogalice ( rɔɡaˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Lake Torrens is an ephemeral salt lake in central South Australia .
Hamburg Pavilion is a regional shopping center located along I-75 and Man o ' War Boulevard in Lexington , Kentucky .
Goiânia ( /ɡɔɪˈɑːniə/ ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɡojˈjɐniɐ ) ) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Goiás .
Chatham Railroad Station is a former station located on Depot Road in Chatham , Massachusetts which houses a museum .
The Columbia River Maritime Museum is a museum of maritime history located about ten miles ( 16 km ) from the mouth of the Columbia River in Astoria , Oregon , U.S ..
Mount Tilga , a hill located near Condobolin in the Central West region of New South Wales , Australia , was said to be the exact centre of New South Wales .
Byculla is a neighbourhood in South Mumbai .
Mohpada , alias Wasambe , is a census town in Raigad district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Kozietuły ( kɔʑeˈtuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
KBON ( 101.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting an Americana format , deeply rooted in the music of south Louisiana , including swamp pop , zydeco , and cajun - French music mixed in with some traditional oldies , country - western , and R&B music .
The Carson City Civic Auditorium , at 813 N. Carson St. in Carson City , Nevada , was designed by architect Lehman A. Ferris and was built during 1938 - 39 .
Rahijan ( Persian : راحيجان‎ , also Romanized as Rāḩījān ; also known as Rāḩejān ) is a village in Kisom Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kozdroje ( kɔzˈdrɔjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Regimin , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Ritcher House is considered to be one of the best examples of Frank Lloyd Wright 's Usonian mode of design in North Carolina .
The Waverley Country Club is a country club located in Portland , Oregon , United States .
The Jardin Rosa Mir ( English : Rosa Mir Garden ) is a garden located in the center of La Croix - Rousse quarter in the 4th arrondissement of Lyon , and created by Jules Senis .
Mochnaczka Niżna ( mɔxˈnat͡ʂka ˈɲiʐna ) ( Ukrainian : Мохначка Нижня , Mokhnachka Nyzhnya ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynica - Zdrój , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Banffshire ( /ˈbæmfʃər/ ; Scots : Coontie o Banffshire , Scottish Gaelic : Siorrachd Bhanbh ) is a former county , and a Lieutenancy area of Scotland .
The Centre pour l’Image Contemporaine ( CIC , Centre for Contemporary Image ) was a contemporary art exhibition centre in Geneva , Switzerland .
Dickey 's Octagonal Barbershop , built in 1894 , was a historic octagon - shaped barber shop building located on the southwest corner of High and North Church streets , in Rives , Tennessee .
St. Rose Roman Catholic Church Complex is a Roman Catholic church complex located at Lima in Livingston County , New York .
The Palazzo Papadopoli is a Baroque - style palace located on the Canal Grande of Venice , between Palazzo Giustinian Businello and Palazzo Donà a Sant'Aponal in the Sestiere of San Polo , Venice , Italy .
Emamiyeh - ye Yek ( Persian : اماميه 1‎ , also Romanized as Emāmīyeh - ye Yek ; also known as Emāmīyeh - ye Avval ) is a village in Fahraj Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Teklimyśl ( tɛˈklimɨɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gafr and Parmon Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گافروپارمون‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Gafr and Parmon District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Stoke Newington is an area occupying the north - west part of the London Borough of Hackney .
Shah Kola - ye Said Kashi ( Persian : شاهكلاسعيدكاشي‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Kolā - ye Saʿīd Kāshī ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Brzozówka Ziemiańska ( bʐɔˈzufka ʑeˈmjaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Inanluyi Ighmorlu ( Persian : مزرعه اينانلوي يغمرلو‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Inānlūyī Ighmorlū ) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 43 , in 8 families .
WQSU ( 88.9 FM , `` The Pulse '' ) is a college FM radio station licensed to serve Selinsgrove , Pennsylvania .
Pieniany ( pjɛˈɲanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bykenhulle , originally known as Ivy Hall , is a historic house located on Bykenhulle Road near the hamlet of Hopewell Junction , New York , United States , in the Town of East Fishkill .
Savadkuh County ( also Savadkooh ) ( Persian : شهرستان سوادکوه‎‎ ) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran .
Chak Umra ( Urdu : چک امرا‎ ) is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Lindbergh Viaduct is a historic concrete arch bridge located at Reading in Berks County , Pennsylvania .
CHOR - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a soft adult contemporary format at 98.5 FM in Summerland , British Columbia .
Gozileh ( Persian : گزيله‎ , also Romanized as Gozīleh ; also known as Govīzīleh ) is a village in Gavork - e Nalin Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pushkin Private School , later known as Greenhill Village Academy , was a private school in Thornhill , Ontario , ( Canada ) .
El Questro Wilderness Park is a wilderness park on El Questro Station , a cattle station that diversified its pastoral operation to include tourism , located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Jiumen Hui Ethnic Township ( simplified Chinese : 九门回族乡 ; traditional Chinese : 九門回族鄉 ; pinyin : Jiǔmén Huízú Xiāng ; literally : `` nine doors '' ) is an ethnic township under the administration of Gaocheng City in southwestern Hebei province , China , located about 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) northwest of downtown Gaocheng .
Arat Bon ( Persian : ارات بن‎ , also Romanized as Arāt Bon ; also known as Arātahban and Kamand ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Colt State Park is public open space that occupies 464 acres ( 188 ha ) on Poppasquash Neck in the township of Bristol , Rhode Island , once owned by industrialist Samuel P. Colt .
Spiczki ( ˈspit͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Górki Grubaki ( ˈɡurki ɡruˈbaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tasra ( Persian : تاسرا‎ , also Romanized as Tāsrā ; also known as Tāslā ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Presidio of San Sabá was the second presidio established at the site of present - day Menard , Texas on the San Saba River .
Marine Corps Air Facility Corvallis is a former United States Marine Corps facility located four nautical miles ( 5 mi , 7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Corvallis , a city in Benton County , Oregon , United States .
The Greater Seattle Business Association ( GSBA ) is a Seattle , Washington - based lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender ( LGBT ) , and allied chamber of commerce .
New Bullards Bar Dam is a variable radius concrete arch dam in California on the North Yuba River .
The Tchoutacabouffa River is a stream located in Harrison County , Mississippi , at a Latitude of 30.435 and Longitude of -88.99222 .
Derwent Mouth is a location on the River Trent , which at that point forms the border between the English counties of Derbyshire and Leicestershire .
The George Douglas House is an historic house at Tower Hill and Gilbert Stuart Roads in North Kingstown , Rhode Island .
The Gulf Country is the name given to the region of woodland and savanna grassland surrounding the Gulf of Carpentaria in north western Queensland and eastern Northern Territory on the north coast of Australia .
Myrvoll Station ( Norwegian : Myrvoll stasjon ) is a railway station at Myrvoll in Oppegård , Norway .
Laurel Lake Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 951 Broadway in Fall River , Massachusetts .
666 ABC Canberra ( call sign : 2CN ) is an ABC Local Radio station based in Canberra and broadcasting to the Australian Capital Territory as well as surrounding areas in New South Wales -- this includes the cities and towns of Queanbeyan , Yass , and Bungendore .
Obley is a small dispersed village in Shropshire , England .
The Firestone Building is a historic building constructed in 1929 in downtown Orlando .
Church Hill Tunnel is an old Chesapeake and Ohio Railway ( C&O ) tunnel , built in the early 1870s , which extends approximately 4,000 feet under the Church Hill section of Richmond , Virginia .
Berkeh - ye Soflin ( Persian : بركه سفلين‎ , also Romanized as Berkeh - ye Soflīn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Morewood School is a historic one - room schoolhouse at 30 South Mountain Road in Pittsfield , Berkshire County , Massachusetts .
Central Etobicoke High School ( or Central Etobicoke , CEHS , formerly Westway High School ) is a secondary school located at 10 Denfield Street , bordered by Widdicombe Hill Blvd to the South and Clement Rd to the North in the Richview neighbourhood of Etobicoke in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Telecom Valley was an area located in Sonoma County , California specifically the Redwood Business Park of Petaluma , California .
Lacy Park is a public park located in the city of San Marino , California .
Pink Hill Airport ( FAA LID : 4W9 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of Pink Hill , a town in Lenoir County , North Carolina , United States .
Qasem Beygi ( Persian : قاسم بيگي‎‎ , also Romanized as Qāsem Beygī and Qāsem Begī ; also known as ʿAlīdād ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Area code 334 is a NANPA area code serving southeastern Alabama .
Botsvatn is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust - Agder county , Norway , just to the southeast of the major lake , Blåsjø .
The Lily Lawrence Bow Library is a historic library in Homestead , Florida .
Teleh Khan ( Persian : تله خان‎ , also Romanized as Teleh Khān ; also known as Tīleh Khān ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shoheytat ( Persian : شحيطاط‎‎ , also Romanized as Shoḩeyţāt ; also known as Ro``ayyed and Ru``eyd ) is a village in Gazin Rural District , Raghiveh District , Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 57 , in 11 families .
Alden Research Laboratory , Inc. ( Alden ) ( Holden , Massachusetts ) was founded in 1894 as part of Worcester Polytechnic Institute ( WPI ) .
Panbeh Jar ( Persian : پنبه جار‎ , also Romanized as Panbeh Jār ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Granger Community Church is a United Methodist megachurch located in Granger , Indiana , USA , near South Bend .
CIRP - FM branded on air as `` Life 94.7 FM '' is a Canadian radio station which broadcasts a Christian music variety radio format on 94.7 MHz ( FM ) from Spryfield , Nova Scotia a community in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Patherheri ( also known as Pathrari ) is a village in Gurgaon district in the Indian state of Haryana .
Taliparamba or Thaliparamba is a city and a municipality of 72,500 people in the Kannur district , state of Kerala , spread over an area of 43.05 km2 .
The North Terminal Garage is an historic parking garage on 600 Commercial Street in the North End of Boston , Massachusetts .
The Gustave Braune House is a historic Greek Revival house in Eutaw , Alabama , USA .
Geghi ( Armenian : Գեղի ) , is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Espurez ( Persian : اسپورز‎ , also Romanized as Espūrez ; also known as Esbūrez , Esbūzar , and Ezbūroz ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Boznabad - e Jadid ( Persian : بزن ابادجديد‎ , also Romanized as Boznābād - e Jadīd ; also known as Boznābād , Būznābād , and Buznābād ) is a village in Mahyar Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Corbeanca is a commune in the northwestern part of Ilfov County , Romania , on the Pociovaliştea River .
Swan Hills Airport , ( TC LID : CEM5 ) , is located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) south of Swan Hills , Alberta , Canada .
The Suwannee County Courthouse ( constructed in 1904 ) is an historic government building located at 200 South Ohio Avenue on the southwest corner of Warren Street in Live Oak , Florida .
Lydiard Millicent is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) west of the centre of Swindon .
Busveal is a mining settlement in west Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Operation Sunbeam was a series of four nuclear tests conducted at the United States of America 's Nevada Test Site in 1962 .
KVMA - FM ( 102.9 FM ) is an urban adult contemporary formatted radio station based in Shreveport , Louisiana , and serving the `` Ark - La - Tex '' region .
WQTR - LP ( 106.1 FM ) is a low - power high school radio station licensed to Savannah , Tennessee , USA .
Celebration on the Grand is a free music festival held in Grand Rapids , Michigan to celebrate the quality of life in the Grand River valley and to act as an unofficial end to the summer for Grand Rapids .
Povjestača ( Serbian : Повјестача ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Pelpa ( Persian : پل پا‎ , also Romanized as Pelpā ; also known as Pelīā ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mount Woolley is a mountain in Alberta , Canada , located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park , 1½ km south of Diadem Peak and is part of Winston Churchill Range of the Canadian Rockies .
Skic ( skit͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kardinia International College is an independent school located in Bell Post Hill , Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Jerdone Castle is a plantation located in Bumpass , Virginia , dating from 1742 .
Hotel Monteleone is a family - owned and operated hotel located at 214 Royal Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Bowerchalke or Bower Chalke is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 9 miles ( 14 km ) southwest of Salisbury .
Do Kuheh - ye Rashnow ( Persian : دوكوهه رشنو‎ , also Romanized as Do Kūheh - ye Rashnow ; also known as Do Kūheh ) is a village in Jayedar Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Salachowy Bór ( salaˈxɔvɨ ˈbur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Raynes Park is a residential suburb within the London Borough of Merton south - west London , situated between Wimbledon and New Malden .
Mishan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميشان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Nimjerduiyeh ( Persian : نيمجردوييه‎ , also Romanized as Nīmjerdū’īyeh ; also known as Namak Rūd , Nīmjerd , and Nīmkurd ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tarbutt and Tarbutt Additional is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario , located within the Algoma District .
The Vicenç Ros Municipal Museum , in Martorell ( Baix Llobregat ) , occupies one of the sections of an old Capuchin convent dating back to the 17th century and is part of Barcelona Provincial Council Local Museum Network .
Hadiginal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Dimaro Folgarida is a comune in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 34 kilometres ( 21 mi ) northwest of the provincial capital Trento .
Woroblin ( vɔˈrɔblʲin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Bareh Gineh ( Persian : بره گينه‎ , also Romanized as Bareh Gīneh ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
General Madariaga Partido ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xeneˈɾal maðaˈɾjaɣa ) ) is a partido located on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Daljeli ( Persian : دلجلي‎ , also Romanized as Daljelī ; also known as Dāljelū and Deljelū ) is a village in Rahal Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Khanjareh - ye Sofla ( Persian : خنجره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khanjareh - ye Soflá ; also known as Khanjareh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Zielonka Pasłęcka ( ʑɛˈlɔnka paˈswɛnt͡ska ) ( German : Grünhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rancho Santa Ana del Chino was a 22,193-acre ( 89.81 km2 ) Mexican land grant in the Chino Hills and southwestern Pomona Valley , in present day San Bernardino County , California .
Sirsoli is a village in Telhara tehsil of Akola district and is known for the Battle of Argaon .
Kushk - e Khalil ( Persian : كوشكخليل‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Khalīl and Kūshk - i - Khalīl ) is a village in Bid Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Atabkashmas Owliad ( Persian : اتابكشمس اولياڈ‎ , also Romanized as Ātābḵashmas Owlīāɖ ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Bain Commercial Building is located at the corner of Church and West Main ( NY 9D ) streets in Wappingers Falls , New York , United States .
Gheyb Ali ( Persian : غيب علي‎ , also Romanized as Gheyb `` Alī and Gheyb``alī ) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 93 , in 19 families .
Forsyth Technical Community College is a two - year public community college in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Meshkabad - e Bala ( Persian : مشك ابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Meshkābād - e Bālā ; also known as Bālā Meshk Maḩalleh ) is a village in Larim Rural District , Gil Khuran District , Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KNLB ( 91.1 FM ) is an American radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format at 91.1 MHz . It is licensed to Lake Havasu City , Arizona , and serves the Laughlin area .
Greenstead Green is a village in the civil parish of Greenstead Green and Halstead Rural , near the town of Halstead in the Braintree district , in the English county of Essex .
Yelm High School is a comprehensive high school in the city of Yelm , Washington , part of the Yelm Community Schools .
Hajoca Corporation Headquarters and Showroom is a historic commercial building located in the University City neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Fashu Poshteh ( Persian : فشوپشته‎ , also Romanized as Fashū Poshteh ) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Adolph J. Zang House , also referred to as the Gargoyle House , is a National Register of Historic Places - listed residence in Denver , Colorado .
Aphroditi Sports Hall is the largest arena in the city of Paphos .
Ahmad Hoseyn ( Persian : احمدحسين‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad Ḩoseyn and Ahmad Hosein ; also known as Ahmadasīn , Aḩmad Ḩosey , and Aḩmadsīn ) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District , in the Central District of Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Amelungsborn Abbey , also Amelunxborn Abbey ( Kloster Amelungsborn ) near Negenborn and Stadtoldendorf , in the Landkreis of Holzminden in the Weserbergland , was the second oldest Cistercian foundation in Lower Saxony , Germany , after Walkenried Abbey .
Lake Albacutya is a eutrophic lake located in the Wimmera region of Victoria , Australia .
Inchaffray Abbey was situated by the village of Madderty , midway between Perth and Crieff in Strathearn , Scotland .
The Landherrnamt is a building in the Schnoor district of Bremen , Germany , which was designed by Alexander Schröder in the Neo - Romanesque style and completed in 1856 .
The Mercer Union Meetinghouse is a historic church on Main Street , just west of United States Route 2 , in Mercer , Maine .
Telscombe is a civil parish and electoral ward ( called East Saltdean and Telscombe Cliffs ) with the status of a town in the Lewes District of East Sussex , England .
The Orrin and Roxanne Fairman Kinyon House is a private house located at 7675 N. Ridge Road in Canton , Michigan .
Located in North Parramatta , New South Wales , the centre was initially called Parramatta Gaol until its name was changed to Parramatta Correctional Centre in 1992 .
Brougham Place is a street lined with large mansions set in landscaped grounds in the Adelaide suburb of North Adelaide , South Australia .
Maseedupuram is an agricultural village located near Nandyala in Andhra Pradesh , a southern state of India .
KBHP ( 101.1 FM , `` KB101 '' ) is an FM radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to serve the community of Bemidji , Minnesota , which is located in northern Minnesota .
Shober Bridge is a historic humpback bridge carrying Ellis Street across the Norfolk Southern Railway in Salisbury , North Carolina , one of two timber bridges in the city .
Kira Town , a municipality in the Wakiso District of the Central Region of Uganda , is the country 's second - largest city by population .
Węgrzyn ( ˈvɛŋɡʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Vargem Pequena ( Little meadow ) is a neighborhood in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Resket - e Sofla ( Persian : رسكت سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Resket - e Soflá ; also known as Pā’īn Resket ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dageh Meshki ( Persian : دگه مشكي‎ , also Romanized as Dageh Meshkī ; also known as Dageh Meshgī ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Brighton and Hove ( /ˈbraɪtən ən ˈhoʊv/ ) is a city in East Sussex , in South East England .
Boyuk Qeshlaq ( Persian : بيوک قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Boyūk Qeshlāq ; also known as Buyik Qishlaq and Buyuk - Kishlak ) is a village in Karasf Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Joppenbergh Mountain is a nearly 500-foot ( 152 m ) mountain in Rosendale Village , a hamlet in the town of Rosendale , in Ulster County , New York .
Prostyń ( ˈprɔstɨɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Maastunnel is a tunnel in Rotterdam , the Netherlands , connecting the banks of the Nieuwe Maas .
Koryciany ( kɔrɨˈt͡ɕanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Harford Day School is an independent educational institution in Bel Air , Harford County , Maryland which is known for its dedicated faculty , strong philosophies , impressive academic record , and superior athletic program .
The Port of Aarhus is owned and managed by Aarhus Municipality as a financially independent company .
Dangi - ye Akbarabad ( Persian : دانگي اكبراباد‎ , also Romanized as Dāngī - ye Akbarābād ; also known as Ţāleqānī , Dānakī , and Dūnkī ) is a village in Zagheh Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pitts Theatre , also known as the State Theatre after 1970 , is a historic movie theater located at Culpeper , Culpeper County , Virginia .
Punta Mulas Light , also known as Faro de Vieques , is a historic lighthouse located in the north shore of Vieques , an island - municipality of Puerto Rico .
Neve Shalom Synagogue , ( Turkish : Neve Şalom Sinagogu , Hebrew : בית הכנסת נווה שלום ; lit . `` Oasis of Peace '' or `` Valley of Peace '' ) , is a synagogue in the Karaköy quarter of Beyoğlu district , in Istanbul , Turkey .
Skotniki Dolne ( skɔtˈniki ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Liuli , formerly known as Sphinx Hafen ( German : Sphinxhafen ) , is a settlement on the Tanzanian shore of Lake Malawi in the Mbinga District of Ruvuma province .
Camp Louise is an all - girls , Jewish overnight summer camp in the Catoctin Mountains in Cascade , Maryland .
Opovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Опово ) is a town and municipality in South Banat District , in the province of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Dari Kandeh ( Persian : دري كنده‎ , also Romanized as Darī Kandeh ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Shalash Darreh ( Persian : شلشه دره‎ , also Romanized as Shalāsh Darreh and Shālesh Darreh ) is a village in Aliyan Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shiman ( Persian : شيمن‎ , also Romanized as Shīman ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Alter Road is a north - south thoroughfare of approximately four miles length on the east side of the city of Detroit , Michigan .
Kapadne ( Marathi:कापडणे ) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Crossmichael is also the name of the Civil Parish in Kirkcudbrightshire , in the District Council Region of Dumfries and Galloway .
Siddam ( Persian : صيدم‎ , also Romanized as Şīddam ) is a village in Ramkan Rural District , in the Central District of Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
St Mary 's College , Blairs ( commonly known as Blairs College ) , situated near Aberdeen in Scotland , was from 1829 to 1986 a junior seminary for boys and young men studying for the Roman Catholic priesthood .
Ystrad ( also known as Ystrad Rhondda or Ystrad - Rhondda ) is a community and village in the Rhondda Fawr valley , Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Wijchen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋixə(n ) ) ) is a municipality and a town in the province of Gelderland , in the eastern part of the Netherlands .
Deh Qoli ( Persian : ده قلي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Qolī ; also known as Deh Quli ) is a village in Jowshan Rural District , Golbaf District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zavan ( Persian : زوان‎ , also Romanized as Zavān and Zāvon ; also known as Zavān Jey and Zūn ) is a village in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
KSMC ( 89.5 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting from the campus of Saint Mary 's College of California in Moraga .
Karipey Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كارئ پي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ruissalo ( Finnish ; Runsala in Swedish ) is an island in the Archipelago Sea and a district of the city of Turku , Finland .
Sorbie is a small village in Wigtownshire , Machars , within the Administration area of Dumfries and Galloway Council , Scotland .
The Antique Boat Museum is a museum on the St. Lawrence River , in Clayton , New York , USA , which displays the largest collection of antique and classic boats in North America .
Jabal es Saaïdé ( Arabic : جبل سعيدة‎ ) , Jabal es Saaide , Jabal as Sa`idah , Jabal as Sa`īdah , Jebal Saaidé , Jebel Saaidé or Jabal Saaidé is a Mountain in Lebanon near the inhabited village of Saaïdé , approximately 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) northeast of Baalbek , Lebanon .
Barton Gulch is an archaeological site in southwest Montana that has provided very important information concerning some of the earliest residents of the Paleo - Indian period in the northwest United States .
Ladik is a city of Samsun Province , Turkey on the site of the ancient Laodicea Pontica .
Sir Wilfrid Laurier Park ( French : Parc Sir - Wilfrid - Laurier ) is an urban park in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The North Bay Bohemian is a free weekly newspaper published in the North Bay subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area , in California , United States .
Nguyễn Thái Học Street ( phố Nguyễn Thái Học ) is a major street in Ba Đình District , Hanoi .
Qamesh Aghol ( Persian : قميش اغل‎ , also Romanized as Qamesh Āghol ; also known as Aḩdāqeh , Ajaga , Ājdāgheh , Azhdaga , Qamesh Āghel , Qamīsh Āghol , and Qeshlāq Qamīsh Āghūl ) is a village in Zolbin Rural District , Yamchi District , Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Fojutowo ( fɔjuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
KRMG - FM ( 102.3 FM ) is a conservative news / talk radio station in Tulsa , Oklahoma , USA .
The May Street Historic District of Worcester , Massachusetts encompasses a well - preserved collection of mid-19th century residences that are predominanty Queen Anne in their styling .
Panjali ( Persian : پنجعلي‎ , also Romanized as Panjʿalī ) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Amak Island ( Aleut : Amax ) is an uninhabited island in Aleutians East Borough , Alaska , United States .
The Temple for Performing Arts is a historic Beaux Arts style building located in Des Moines , Iowa .
Desne is one of nine villages of the Municipality of Kula Norinska , in the Dubrovnik - Neretva County , of Croatia 's Dalmatian coast .
Fearn railway station is a railway station serving the village of Hill of Fearn in the Highland council area of Scotland .
Ghatgaon , also known as Ghatgan , is a developing town in Kendujhar District , Odisha , India .
Budyatychi ( Ukrainian : Будятичі ) is a village in the Ivanychi Raion ( district ) of the Volyn Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine near Novovolynsk .
Chakkittapara is a panchayat as well as a town in the Kozhikode district of Kerala state , India .
Angel Oak is a Southern live oak ( Quercus virginiana ) located in Angel Oak Park on Johns Island near Charleston , South Carolina .
Chah - e Shahid Shahpur ( Persian : چاه شهيدشهپر‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Shahīd Shahpur ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Noardburgum ( Dutch : Noordbergum ) is a village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the Friesland province of the Netherlands .
Hockley Valley Provincial Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located on the Niagara Escarpment within the township of Mono , Ontario , Canada .
Elsted and Treyford is a civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex , west of Midhurst .
Tambave is small village located in the Satara district of Maharashtra state of India .
Stapleford railway station was a station on the Hertford Loop Line , and was situated in the village of Stapleford , Hertfordshire , England .
Graveney is a relatively small but widely dispersed village located between Faversham and Whitstable in Kent , England .
The Fremantle Doctor , the Freo Doctor , or simply The Doctor is the Western Australian vernacular term for the cooling afternoon sea breeze which occurs during summer months in south west coastal areas of Western Australia .
Dafi ( Persian : دافي‎ , also Romanized as Dāfī ; also known as Lākhī ) is a village in Kadkan Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Willberg River ( also spelt Wilberg River ) is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Wenatchee Valley College , or WVC , is a two - year community college located in Wenatchee , Washington , United States .
Our Lady of Loretto Roman Catholic Church and Cemetery is a historic church on County Highway C , 1 mile west of Denzer in Honey Creek , Wisconsin , United States .
WLXT ( 96.3 FM , `` Lite 96.3 '' ) in Petoskey , Michigan , is an adult contemporary - formatted radio station that broadcasts with 100,000 watts , covering most of northern Michigan .
Kuhsaran District ( Persian : بخش کوهساران‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Koksilah Ridge ( Hwsalu'utsum)is an elevated area located south of the Cowichan Valley on Vancouver Island , British Columbia .
Elder Mill , Romiley was a cotton spinning mill in Romiley , Stockport , Greater Manchester .
Maryniec ( maˈrɨɲet͡s ) ( German : Marienwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ugashik - Peulik is a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Alaska .
West Walton is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk The village is 56.5 miles ( 90.9 km ) west of Norwich , 13.9 miles ( 22.4 km ) west - south - west of King 's Lynn and 105 miles ( 169 km ) north of London .
Phantom Falls or Coal Canyon Falls is a waterfall at Coal Canyon near Oroville , California , within the North Table Mountain Ecological Reserve .
Kelakoli ( Persian : كلاكلي‎ , also Romanized as Kelākolī and Kalākolī ) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Khamovniki District ( Russian : Хамо́вники ) is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow , Russia .
St. Martin 's Episcopal School is a diocesan private PK--12 college preparatory school in Metairie , Louisiana , a suburb in Greater New Orleans .
The Nathan C. Aldrich House and Resthaven Chapel are an historic house and chapel at 111 Providence Street in Mendon , Massachusetts .
The Thunder Lake Patrol Cabin is a small structure in Rocky Mountain National Park , Colorado .
The West Martello Tower ( also known as the Key West Garden Club ) is a historic martello tower in Key West , Florida , United States .
Mollerussa is the capital of the comarca of Pla d'Urgell , in the province of Lleida , Catalonia , Spain .
St. George 's Abbey , Isny ( German : Kloster St. Georg ) in Isny i m Allgäu in Baden - Württemberg , Germany , is a former Benedictine abbey founded in 1096 and secularised in 1802 .
Parumala is a small village and island on the Pampa River in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala , India .
Kalinrud ( Persian : كلين رود‎ , also Romanized as Kalīnrūd ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Jesús Soto Museum of Modern Art ( Museo de Arte Moderno Jesús Soto ) is a modern art museum in Ciudad Bolívar , Venezuela .
The Klaw Theatre was a Broadway theatre located at 251 - 257 West 45th Street ( now a part of George Abbott Way ) in midtown - Manhattan .
Sebotk ( Persian : سبتك‎ ; also known as Seh Botk ) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District , Toghrol Al Jerd District , Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Byszkowo ( bɨʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
W250BC FM 97.9 is a radio station located in Atlanta , Georgia , and has Riverdale , Georgia ( a southern suburb ) as its city of license .
WCRI - FM ( 95.9 FM ; `` Classical 95.9 '' ) is a classical music - formatted radio station in Block Island , Rhode Island , affiliated with the World Classical Network .
Licensed to Chickasha , Oklahoma , USA , the station is currently owned by Mollman Communications , Inc. Most of KWCO - FM 's programming is live and local Monday--
Komijan County ( Persian : شهرستان کمیجان‎‎ ) is a county in Markazi Province in Iran .
Piasków ( ˈpjaskuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Doștat ( German : Thorstadt ; Hungarian : Hosszútelke ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Tsan Yuk Hospital ( Traditional Chinese : 贊育醫院 ; pinyin : Zànyù Yīyuàn ) , located on 30 Hospital Road , Sai Ying Pun on Hong Kong Island , is a public hospital in Hong Kong specialising in obstetrics and gynaecology .
Yellayapalem is located in the Kodavalur sub - district in the Nellore district in the state of Andhra Pradesh .
Weng i m Gesäuse lies in the eastern Admont basin in the Gesäuse National Park .
Stadion Antonio Trenidat is a multi - use stadium in Rincon , on the island of Bonaire .
Seyyed Hamid ( Persian : سيدحميد‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Ḩamīd ; also known as Maḩall - e Eḩdās̄-e Rūstāy - e Seyyed Ḩamīd ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Navajo Nation Zoological and Botanical Park is located in Window Rock , Arizona , the capital of the Navajo Nation .
Gishkan ( Persian : گيشكان‎ , also Romanized as Gīshkān ; also known as Gīshīgān ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Alachua Conservation Trust is a local , non - profit land trust that works with landowners to preserve special environmental and historical features of Alachua County , Florida and surrounding areas .
Subramanyapuram ( சுப்பிரமணியபுரம் in Tamil ) is a small village located near Sathan Kulam , Thoothukudi district , Tamil Nadu .
The North Amherst Center Historic District encompasses the center of North Amherst , part of the town of Amherst , Massachusetts .
Fort Pierce Inlet State Park , a 340-acre ( 1.4 km2 ) part of the Florida State Park system , is located just north of the Fort Pierce Inlet , on North Hutchinson Island , near Fort Pierce .
The Lake Placid Station is a former New York Central Railroad station , originally built by the Delaware and Hudson Railway , in Lake Placid , New York .
Glen Springs is a 5th magnitude hydrological spring in Gainesville , Florida , United States located at 2424 NW 23rd Boulevard .
Mazama Falls , also referred to more simply as Wells Creek Falls ( though this is incorrect , as there is a Wells Creek Falls downstream ) , is a waterfall on Wells Creek in the U.S. state of Washington .
Grazymy ( ɡraˈzɨmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Barzowice ( baʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Barzwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Penn - Trafford High School is a public high school located in Harrison City , Pennsylvania in Westmoreland County , and is the secondary school serving the Penn - Trafford School District .
Bakalinsky District ( Russian : Бакали́нский райо́н ; Bashkir : Баҡалы районы ; Tatar : Бакалы районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Sørøya ( Northern Sami : Sállan ) is a Norway 's eight largest island in terms of area , and is divided between the municipalities of Hasvik and Hammerfest .
Dąbki - Łętownica ( ˈdɔmpki wɛntɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Vatakara ( Hindi : वडकरा ) is a coastal taluk and municipality town in the Kozhikode district , state of Kerala , India ; spread over an area of 21.32 km2 .
The Warwick Village Historic District is located in the center of the village of Warwick in the U.S. state of New York .
The Dr. Malcolm Nicholson Farmhouse ( also known as the Nicholson Farmhouse or Nicholson Farmhouse Restaurant ) is a historic farmhouse in Havana , Florida , United States .
Qarah Shur ( Persian : قره شور‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Shūr and Qareh Shūr ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Scotts Flat Reservoir is an artificial lake in the Tahoe National Forest of Nevada County , California , 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) east of Nevada City .
The China Online Centre ( Chinese : 中國網絡中心 ) is a skyscraper located in the Wan Chai area of Hong Kong .
Moreton Corbet is a village in the civil parish of Moreton Corbet and Lee Brockhurst in Shropshire , England .
The Herring Motor Car Company Building , also known as 10th Street Lofts , is an historic building located in downtown Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
KBOT ( 104.1 FM , `` Wave 104.1 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Pelican Rapids , Minnesota that serves Detroit Lakes , Minnesota .
Kahuku Army Air Field is a former wartime airfield in Hawaii .
Cheshmeh Sefid - e Rutavand ( Persian : چشمه سفيدروتوند‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd - e Rūtavand ; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Woonsocket District Courthouse is an historic court building on 24 Front Street in Woonsocket , Rhode Island .
The Moogerah Dam is a mass concrete double curvature arch dam with a un - gated spillway across the Reynolds Creek that is located in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Corsica ( /ˈkɔːrsɪkə/ ; French : Corse ( kɔʁs ) ; Corsican and Italian : Corsica ( ˈkɔrsika ) ) is an island in the Mediterranean Sea belonging to France .
The Shambhala School is a non - denominational private school in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
Guildwood , also known as Guildwood Village , is a residential neighbourhood in Scarborough , Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Seven Kings railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line serving the district of Seven Kings in the London Borough of Redbridge , east London .
The Dean - Armstrong - Englund Octagonal Barn near Milton , Wisconsin , southeast of Lima , Rock County , Wisconsin was built in 1893 .
Building at 218 High Street is a historic store and dwelling located in Seaford , Sussex County , Delaware .
Mae Ki ( Thai : แม่กิ๊ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Khun Yuam District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
The Leo Friedlander Studio is a historic home and artist 's studio located in Greenburgh , Westchester County , New York .
The Załuski Library ( Polish : Biblioteka Załuskich , Latin : Bibliotheca Zalusciana ) was built in Warsaw in 1747 - -1795 by Józef Andrzej Załuski and his brother , Andrzej Stanisław Załuski , both Roman Catholic bishops .
Richland Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : MO1 ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located one mile ( 2 km ) north of the central business district of Richland , a city in Pulaski County , Missouri , United States .
The Harlan - Lincoln House is an historic structure located on the Iowa Wesleyan College campus in Mount Pleasant , Iowa , United States .
The First Colony Inn , also known as LeRoy 's Seaside Inn , First Colony Motor Inn , First Colony Apartments , and Colony Beach Inn , is a historic hotel building located at Nags Head , Dare County , North Carolina .
Chahar Chubeh ( Persian : چهارچوبه‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Chūbeh and Chahār Jubeh ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Thunderbird Adventist Academy ( TAA ) is a private Seventh - day Adventist Christian high school and boarding academy in Scottsdale , Arizona .
The Willakenzie Grange Hall is a historic community meeting hall in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Bid Parsi ( Persian : بيدپارسي‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Pārsī ; also known as Ḩabībābād ) is a village in Miyan Khvaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Yalesville Underpass is a 30-degree skew arch bridge carrying the railroad over Route 150 close to its intersection with Route 71 in Wallingford , Connecticut .
Roberts Lake is a reservoir at 5010 Roberts Lake Road in Rohnert Park , California , USA .
Częszyce ( t͡ʂɛ̃ˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Mazatzal Wilderness is a wilderness area of about 390 square miles ( 1,000 km2 ) in Yavapai and Gila counties in the U.S. state of Arizona .
The Royal South Hants Hospital , known locally as `` The RSH '' , is a Community Health Campus in Southampton .
Bradfield Hall is an academic building located on the central campus of Cornell University in Ithaca , New York .
Wake Forest High School , formerly Wake Forest - Rolesville High School , is a four - year high school ( 9 - 12 ) located in Wake Forest , North Carolina ..
Chamoli district is the second largest district of Uttarakhand state of India .
The United Counties of Stormont , Dundas and Glengarry is an upper - tier municipality in the Canadian province of Ontario that comprises three historical counties and excludes the City of Cornwall and the Mohawk Nation of Akwesasne .
The Willow Prairie Cabin is a rustic one - room cabin located in the Rogue River - Siskiyou National Forest in western Oregon , United States .
Bustan - e Kuchek ( Persian : بوستان كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Būstān - e Kūchek ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sheykheh Sur ( Persian : شيخه سور‎ , also Romanized as Sheykheh Sūr ; also known as Sheykh Sūr ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The E. N. Jenckes Store is an historic store on Main Street in Douglas , Massachusetts .
The Kasbah of the Udayas is a kasbah in Rabat , Morocco , located at the mouth of the Bou Regreg river opposite Salé .
Babuneh - ye Olya ( Persian : بابونه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Bābūneh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 44 , in 8 families .
The Pythian Castle Lodge , also known as Crystal Palace , in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , United States , was built in 1927 .
Villa Maipú is a localidad ( district ) of the General San Martín Partido in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Beheira Governorate ( Arabic : البحيرة‎ el Beḥēra , IPA : ( elbeˈħeːɾæ ) , `` the Lake '' ) is a coastal governorate in Egypt .
The Clockmakers ' Museum in London , England is a collection of clocks , watches and other horological items which belongs to the Worshipful Company of Clockmakers , which is one of the City of London Livery Companies .
One of the early surviving architectural features of Sonoma County is within the Piner Creek catchment basin :
The Downtown was a music venue in Farmingdale , New York that operated from December 2001 to September 2005 .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Naser Kiadeh ( Persian : پائين محله ناصركياده‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Nāşer Kīādeh ) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Blue Harbor Resort and Spa is a resort , water park and conference center in Sheboygan , Wisconsin .
The House at 203 Islington Road is a historic house at 203 Islington Road in Newton , Massachusetts .
Mount Asplenium is a mountain in the Main Range of south - east Queensland , Australia .
The Lyman Street Historic District is a historic district roughly encompassing Lyman Street between Church and Main Streets in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Pinhais is a municipality in Paraná state in Brazil .
Snake Island Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in Strathy Township , Municipality of Temagami , Nipissing District of Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Burrages End is a historic home near Lothian , Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States .
The Bagaduce Music Lending Library is a music lending library in Blue Hill , Maine .
Hurricane Ridge is a mountainous area in Washington 's Olympic National Park .
Abad Shahpur ( Persian : ابادشاهپور‎ , also Romanized as Ābād Shāhpūr ; also known as Ābād Shāpūr ) is a village in Khafr Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Farm to Market Road 2087 , FM 2087 , or Old Kilgore Highway is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 349 in Kilgore north to Loop 281 in Longview .
The Saint Elias Mountains are a subgroup of the Pacific Coast Ranges , located in southeastern Alaska in the United States , southwestern Yukon and the very far northwestern part of British Columbia in Canada .
Radzice Małe ( raˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Aboriginal Shire of Yarrabah is a special local government area in Far North Queensland , Queensland , Australia , east and southeast of Cairns on Cape Grafton .
Mars Cheese Castle is a cheese shop in Kenosha , Wisconsin .
Khvorneh - ye Olya ( Persian : خورنه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Khvorneh - ye `` Olyā and Khūrneh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 303 , in 59 families .
Podrusów ( pɔˈdrusuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hatton Canyon is a canyon in Carmel - by - the - Sea , California , USA , preserved for urban open space as a state park property .
Monclassico ( German : Munglassich or St. Vigil , Ladin : Monclàsech ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of Trento .
The Benther Berg is a ridge , up to 173.3 m above sea level ( NN ) , in the Calenberg Land near Benthe in Hanover Region in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Strzyżyna ( stʂɨˈʐɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Bowling Museum of Asturias ( ( Spanish ) Museo de los Bolos de Asturias ) is located in the Panes parish of Peñamellera Baja , Asturias , Spain .
Midview Dam ( National ID # UT10126 ) is a dam in Duchesne County , Utah , about twelve miles east of the town of Duchesne .
The Doña Ana Mountains are a mountain range in Doña Ana County , New Mexico with the highest elevation being Doña Ana Peak at 5835 ft .
The Way of Human Rights ( German : Straße der Menschenrechte ) is a monumental outdoor sculpture in Nuremberg , Germany .
Woryny ( vɔˈrɨnɨ ) ( German : Worienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Nittany Valley is an eroded anticlinal valley in the central portion of Centre County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Gashkaseh ( Persian : گشكسه‎ ; also known as Kashkaseh ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rašćani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рашћани ) is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Codicote is a large village , and civil parish about seven miles ( 11 km ) south of Hitchin in Hertfordshire , England .
Changareh ( Persian : چنگره‎ , also Romanized as Chengoreh , Chongorah , Chongoreh , and Chongorreh ; also known as Chahgāreh , Chahkareh , and Changareh Fa’leh Gari ) is a village in Gavrud Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Nipper Building is a colloquial name for The Victor condominiums , and formerly , Building 17 , RCA Victor Company , Camden Plant .
Sonni Bazar ( Persian : سني بازار‎ , also Romanized as Sonnī Bāzār and Sonnībāzār ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Cáñar is a small village in the Alpujarras comarca of the province of Granada in Spain .
Saufley Field ( IATA : NUN , ICAO : KNUN , FAA LID : NUN ) is a military airport five nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of the central business district of Pensacola , in Escambia County , Florida , United States .
Chinguar is a town , commune and municipality in Bié Province in Angola .
Westvoorne ( pronunciation ) is a municipality on the island Voorne - Putten in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
The Villa Medici is a mannerist villa and an architectural complex with a garden contiguous with the larger Borghese gardens , on the Pincian Hill next to Trinità dei Monti in Rome , Italy .
Tergu ( Sassarese : Tzelgu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 190 kilometres ( 120 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) northeast of Sassari in the Anglona historical regiona .
The Stuplje Monastery ( Serbian Cyrillic : Манастир Ступље ) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located in the village of Gornji Vijačani near the town of Čelinac in north - western Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Purnak ( Persian : پورناك‎ , also Romanized as Pūrnāk and Poornak ; also known as Parnak ) is a village in Zangebar Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Coalway is a village in the West Forest of Dean region of Gloucestershire , England , approximately one mile south - east of the town of Coleford .
Łęg Kościelny ( ˈwɛnk kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The College Creek Ranger Station , near Imnaha , Oregon outside of Enterprise , Oregon , was built in 1935 .
KRRW ( 101.5 FM , `` Country 101.5 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an country format serving the St. James , Minnesota area .
Lodi Vecchio is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy , which is located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southeast of Milan and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) west of Lodi .
Jabat Island ( or Jabot Island or Jabwot Island ; Marshallese : Jebat , ( tʲɛ͡ʌbˠɑtˠ ) ) is an island in the Pacific Ocean , and forms a legislative district of the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands .
Kanigówek ( kaniˈɡuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Delta Technical College ( Delta Tech ) , founded in 2004 , is a privately owned career college in Horn Lake , Mississippi , United States .
WYAB 103.9 FM ( formerly 93.1 FM ) is a radio station serving the city of Jackson , Mississippi , including Madison County , Yazoo County , Rankin County , and Hinds County .
Villanueva de Oscos ( Eonavian : Vilanova d'Ozcos ) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
WMJZ - FM ( 101.5 FM ) is a commercial radio station licensed to the city of Gaylord , Michigan .
Kaluti ( Persian : كلوتي‎ , also Romanized as Kalūtī ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Schechter Institute of Jewish Studies , ( Hebrew : מכון שכטר למדעי היהדות‎ , Machon Schechter ) located in Jerusalem , Israel , is an academic institution affiliated with Conservative Judaism first established in New York .
The Église Saint - Jean - de - Malte in Aix - en - Provence , situated at the corner of rue d'Italie and rue Cardinale , is a thirteenth - century gothic Roman Catholic church , the first in Provence .
Henrik Olafsson the Graf of Åminne manor financed the construction of the Halikko Church , the Pertteli Church and the Chapel of Salo to pay the sins of his family .
County Cavan ( Irish : Contae an Chabháin ) is a county in Ireland .
WTQS ( 1490 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Cameron , South Carolina , USA serving the Orangeburg - Calhoun area .
The Museum of the Prehistory of Tuscia and of the Rocca Farnese is a museum in Valentano , northern Lazio , Italy .
The Harrisburg Midtown Arts Center ( HMAC ) is a multidisciplinary arts and cultural center located in Midtown Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .
Qermez Khalifeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : قرمزخليفه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qermez Khalīfeh - ye Soflá ; also known as Qermez Khalīfeh ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mount Abu ( pronunciation ) is a popular hill station in the Aravalli Range in Sirohi district of Rajasthan state in western India near the border with Gujarat .
Noleta is an unofficial name used to designate the unincorporated urban area between Goleta and Santa Barbara in California , USA .
The Hammerstein Ballroom is a two - tiered , 12,000-square - foot ( 1,100 m2 ) ballroom located within the Manhattan Center Studios at 311 West 34th Street in Manhattan in New York City .
Promenades Cathédrale is a 135,495 square foot retail complex on Saint Catherine Street in downtown Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Khaneqah - e Sheykh ( Persian : خانقاه شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Khāneqāh - e Sheykh ; also known as Khāneqāh ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Elizabeth Islands are a chain of small islands extending southwest from the southern coast of Cape Cod , Massachusetts in the United States .
Gökçebey is a forested district of Zonguldak Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Mąchocice - Scholasteria ( mɔ̃xɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ sxɔlasˈtɛrja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Masłów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Springfield Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located at Sykesville , Carroll County , Maryland , United States .
Kurung Kumey district ( Pron:/kʊˈɹʌŋ kʊˈmi/ ) is one of the 17 districts of the northeastern Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , with its district headquarters in Koloriang .
The Chaska Bridge is a 4-lane vehicular bridge crossing the Minnesota River on the south side of downtown Chaska , carrying Minnesota State Highway 41 .
Riyakhun ( Persian : رياخون‎ , also Romanized as Rīyākhūn and Rīākhūn ; also known as Rīākhān ) is a village in Zazeran Rural District , in the Central District of Falavarjan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Góry - Parcela ( ˈɡurɨ parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Biertowice ( bʲɛrtɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułkowice , within Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Flying Cloud Airport ( IATA : FCM , ICAO : KFCM , FAA LID : FCM ) is a public airport located in the city of Eden Prairie in Hennepin County , Minnesota , about 11 miles ( 18 km ) southwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Minneapolis .
The Richardson Olmsted Complex is a former insane asylum in Buffalo , New York , United States .
The Dent Bridge is a suspension bridge in the northwest United States , located in north central Idaho in Clearwater County , north of Orofino .
Bloomfield College is a four - year private liberal arts college located in Bloomfield , New Jersey .
Wrangler Lake is a lake located in the less - traveled portion of Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Hiaure ( West Frisian : De Lytse Jouwer ) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Wanton - Lyman - Hazard House is the oldest surviving house in Newport , Rhode Island , United States .
Costa Mesa High School , otherwise known as CMHS or `` Mesa , '' is a public high school for grades 7 through 12 located in Costa Mesa , California .
Givar ( Persian : گيور‎ , also Romanized as Gīvar ; also known as Gabār , Gīār , and Kābār ) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Hamperley is a dispersed hamlet in Shropshire , England .
Bajory Wielkie ( baˈjɔrɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Warren Correctional Institution is a prison operated by the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction in Warren County 's Turtlecreek Township .
St Benet Gracechurch ( or Grass Church ) , so called because a haymarket existed nearby ( Cobb ) , was a parish church in the City of London .
Patnitop or Patni Top is a hilltop tourist location in Udhampur district in Jammu and Kashmir state of India on National Highway 1A 112 km ( 70 mi ) from Jammu on the way from Udhampur to Srinagar .
Gen. William Floyd House in Westernville , New York is a National Historic Landmark .
The Kakhonak River is a river in Alaska that flows from Kakhonak Lake into Iliamna Lake via Kakhonak Bay .
Arakkonam Junction railway station is third largest railway junction in Vellore district next to Vellore Katpadi and Jolarpet .
Gotartów ( ɡɔˈtartuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
WCTN is a radio station broadcasting on 950 kHz in the medium - wave AM band from Potomac , Maryland .
Magnetic Hill Concert Site is a live music venue in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Luberizi is a town in the province of South Kivu of the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Redcastle ( Scottish Gaelic : an Caisteal ruadh ) , historically known as Edirdovar and Ederdour , is a mediaeval castle in Killearnan on the Black Isle , northern Scotland .
Gartak ( Persian : گرتك‎ ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Spodnja Besnica ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈbeːsnitsa ) ; German : Unterweßnitz ) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Padbury Senior High School was a government , co - educational , secondary day school located in Padbury , a suburb north of Perth , Western Australia .
Mann Gulch is a gulch of the upper Missouri River , in southeastern Lewis and Clark County , Montana .
The Federal Aviation Administration Records Center in Martinsburg , West Virginia is the former United States Courthouse and Post Office for the city .
WGRB has studios located at the Illinois Center complex on Michigan Avenue in Downtown Chicago , and it broadcasts from a transmitter based near 87th and Kedzie in the city 's southwest side .
Goudhurst is a village in Kent on the Weald , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) south of Maidstone .
Feraud General Merchandise Store , also known as 1903 Building , was built in 1903 in Ventura , California .
Sadr school ( Persian : مدرسه صدر‎ ) is one of the largest theological schools in Isfahan , Iran .
Pyhäjärvi ( 1993 - -1995 Pyhäsalmi ) is a town and municipality in the south of Northern Ostrobothnia region , Finland .
Lake School was located at 2410 North 19th Street in the Near North Side neighborhood of Omaha , Nebraska .
Priston is a civil parish and village 4 miles ( 6 km ) south west of Bath in Bath and North East Somerset , which is within the English ceremonial county of Somerset .
Franconian Switzerland ( German : Fränkische Schweiz ) is an upland in Upper Franconia , Bavaria , Germany and a popular tourist retreat .
Rathmannsdorf is a township in the Saxon district of Sächsische Schweiz - Osterzgebirge .
Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زز شرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Myrtle Beach High School ( abbreviated MBHS ) is a public school located in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina .
Mirahjin ( Persian : ميره جين‎ , also Romanized as Mīrahjīn ; also known as Mīrājīn ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The House at 40 Crescent Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a particularly fine Greek Revival house .
The John Denham Palmer House ( now also known as the Oxley - Heard Funeral Home ) is a historic site in Fernandina Beach , Florida .
Srednje Grčevje ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdnjɛ ɡəɾˈtʃeːu̯jɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of Otočec in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
The Théâtre des Champs - Élysées is a theatre at 15 avenue Montaigne in Paris .
Louis Creek , an unincorporated settlement in the Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located at the mouth of Louis Creek on the North Thompson River was named after Louis Barrie and François Lavieur who prospected there in 1861 , finding some gold , so that the stream became known as Frenchman 's Creek .
Quartell is a small town and municipality in the fertile comarca of Camp de Morvedre in the Province of Valencia in eastern Spain .
Panah Kandi ( Persian : پناه كندي‎ , also Romanized as Panāh Kandī ) is a village in Zangebar Rural District , in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Minicoy , locally known as Maliku ( Dhivehi : މަލިކު ( məliku ) ; Malayalam : മലിക്കു ) is the southernmost atoll of the archipelago of Lakshadweep , India .
Wilgrove Air Park ( IATA : QWG , FAA LID : 8A6 ) is a public use airport located nine nautical miles ( 17 km ) east of the central business district of Charlotte , in Mecklenburg County , North Carolina , United States .
The Wasatch Back is a region in the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Utah .
Main North Road is the major north - south arterial route through the suburbs north of the Adelaide City Centre in the city of Adelaide , South Australia .
Bolintin - Vale ( Romanian pronunciation : ( bolinˌtin ˈvale ) ) is a town in Giurgiu County , southern Romania with a population of 11,829 as of 2011 .
The Moon Area School District is located about 13 miles northwest of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Cottonwood Springs Dam is a dam in Fall River County , South Dakota in the southwestern part of the state , south of the Black Hills .
The Siskiyou Mountains are a coastal mountain range in the northern Klamath Mountains in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon in the United States .
Wólka Łabuńska ( ˈvulka waˈbuɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Satterlee General Hospital , which existed from 1862 to 1865 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , was the largest Union Army hospital during the Civil War .
The Goschgoschink Path , later known as Mead 's Path , begins at the junction of the Great Shamokin Path at The Big Spring near Luthersburg , Brady Township , Clearfield County , Pennsylvania .
Ludlam Island is a barrier island in southern New Jersey , on which Sea Isle City , and Strathmere , a part of Upper Township are located .
The Exton Square Mall is a shopping mall located in the village of Exton , in West Whiteland Township in Chester County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Most of Fujian is administered by the People 's Republic of China .
Hockwell Ring is a 1950s and 1960s built council estate in the Leagrave area of Luton , Bedfordshire .
The Sulphur Gulch is one of the tributaries of the Cherry Creek and is located in the U.S. states of Colorado .
Hunter Valley Grammar School is an independent , co - educational , non - denominational day school located in Ashtonfield , a suburb in the city of Maitland , in the lower Hunter Region of New South Wales , Australia .
Brodnia - Kolonia ( ˈbrɔdɲa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pęczniew , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Jormvattnet or Jorm is a village in Jämtland , in Strömsund Municipality , Jämtland County , Sweden .
Bakauli Kala ( Hindi : बकौली कला ) is a village in the tehsil / mandal of Hainsar Bazar in the Sant Kabir Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Newmarket North Mall was a mall located in Hampton , Virginia that opened in 1975 .
Far Mountain is the highest of over 13 peaks in the Ilgachuz Range in the Anahim Volcanic Belt in British Columbia , Canada .
Kaoh Thum District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកោះធំ ) is a district ( srok ) of Kandal Province , Cambodia .
Borzykówka ( bɔʐɨˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gurebrahim ( Persian : گورابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as Gūrebrāhīm ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Santa Maria Mountains are a 16-mi ( 26 km ) long mountain range in central - northwest Arizona , and in northwest Yavapai County .
Pasha Beyg ( Persian : پاشابيگ‎ , also Romanized as Pāshā Beyg ; also known as Pāshā Beyk ) is a village in Almalu Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Awatovi Ruins is a National Historic Landmark in Hopi Reservation , Arizona , United States , designated in 1964 .
Braunau in Rohr Abbey ( Kloster Braunau in Rohr ) is a Benedictine monastery , formerly Rohr Abbey , a monastery of the Augustinian Canons , in Rohr in Niederbayern in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria , Germany .
Area code 506 is the telephone area code in the Canadian province of New Brunswick , encompassing the entire province .
Cynghordy is a village in the rural community of Llanfair - ar - y - bryn in Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Mexico Octagon Barn is a historic octagon - shaped barn located at Mexico in Oswego County , New York .
Sarfarash ( Persian : سرفراش‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarfarāsh and Sar Farrāsh ; also known as Sarfarāsh - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 133 , in 28 families .
Balmoral Park was a horse racing track located just south of Crete , Illinois , United States .
Rosołówka ( rɔsɔˈwufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Moszyce ( mɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Knockroon is a planned development to be located between the towns of Cumnock and Auchinleck in East Ayrshire , Scotland .
The James Morrow House is a historic farmhouse in Newark , Delaware .
Kozolin ( kɔˈzɔlin ) is a village within the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , in Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , located in east - central Poland .
Merit Underwear Company is a historic factory building located at Shoemakersville , Berks County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Jagielnica ( jaɡʲɛlˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Alt Jägel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Andover Theological Seminary is located in Newton , Massachusetts and is the oldest graduate school of theology in the United States .
Słowinko ( swɔˈvinkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Shumagin Islands are a group of 20 islands in the Aleutians East Borough south of the mainland of Alaska , United States , at 54 ° 54'--55 ° 20 ' North 159 ° 15'--160 ° 45 ' West .
The Internatsschule Schloss Hansenberg ( ISH ) is a mixed coeducational secondary boarding school in Geisenheim - Johannisberg in the Rheingau in Hesse , Germany .
The Corduroy Creek Bridge was a steel arch highway bridge on US 60 , located near Show Low , Arizona in Navajo County , Arizona .
Hay Swamp ( Hay Swamp Management Area ) is a provincially significant wetland complex , 1839 hectares ( 4544 acres ) in size , located in parts of the central land areas of the municipalities of Bluewater and South Huron , in southwestern Ontario , Canada .
Mazhin ( Persian : ماژين‎ , also Romanized as Māzhīn and Mājin ) is a village in Nabovat Rural District , in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Brusiny ( bruˈɕinɨ ) ( German : Groß Brausen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trinity Law School is a private , non - profit law school located in Santa Ana , California , United States .
Trimble Knob , located southwest of Monterey in Highland County , Virginia , is a conical hill composed of basalt , a volcanic rock , of Eocene ( early Tertiary ) age .
Clarence E. Page Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KRCE , FAA LID : RCE , formerly F29 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located in Canadian County , Oklahoma , United States .
Coedpenmaen ( Coed - Pen - Maen ) is a subdistrict of the Pontypridd town district and ward of Trallwng ( Trallwn ) , Rhondda Cynon Taf , South Wales .
Niv ( Persian : نيو‎ , also Romanized as Nīv ) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Cape Nelson State Park , near Portland on Victoria 's southwest coast is a 243-hectare ( 600-acre ) state park .
KBCH ( 1400 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Lincoln City , Oregon , USA .
Al Qanab ( Persian : القناب‎ , also Romanized as Al Qanāb ) is a village in Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Symphony Center is a music complex located at 220 South Michigan Avenue in the Loop area of Chicago , Illinois .
Chah - e Nasru ( Persian : چاه نصرو‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Naşrū ; also known as Chāh - e Naşrū’īyeh ) is a village in Horgan Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Joensuu ( lit . `` mouth of the river '' ; Russian : Йоэнсуу ) is a city and municipality in North Karelia in the province of Eastern Finland .
Buda Zawidugierska ( ˈbuda zaviduˈɡʲɛrska ) , ( Lithuanian : Užvidugirių Būda ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Brockton High School , established in 1870 , is a high school located in Brockton , Massachusetts .
Arkadelphia High School is a comprehensive public junior / senior high school serving grades nine through twelve in the rural , fringe community of Arkadelphia , Arkansas , United States .
The Styrian Armoury ( German : Landeszeughaus ) , in the Austrian city of Graz , is the world 's largest historic armoury and attracts visitors from all over the world .
The Downtown Adrian Commercial Historic District is a historic district comprising the downtown area of Adrian , Michigan .
Luinjeberd ( West Frisian : Lúnbert ) is a small village in the Heerenveen municipality in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Brokind is a locality situated in Linköping Municipality , Östergötland County , Sweden with 502 inhabitants in 2010 .
Ostropole ( ɔstrɔˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zamboanga del Norte , officially the Province of Zamboanga del Norte , ( Filipino : Hilagang Samboanga ; Subanen : Utara Sembwangan ; Cebuano : Amihanang Zamboanga ) is a province of the Philippines located in the Zamboanga Peninsula region in Mindanao .
Llanymawddwy is a village in Gwynedd , Wales , which is to the north of the larger village of Dinas Mawddwy , on the minor road which connects Dinas Mawddwy to Llanuwchllyn over Bwlch y Groes .
The Jose Eusebio Boronda Adobe is a Monterey Colonial style building from 1846 , located in Salinas , Monterey County , California .
The Luxembourg Palace ( French : Palais du Luxembourg , pronounced : ( pa.lɛ dy lyk.sɑ̃.buːʁ ) ) is located at 15 rue de Vaugirard in the 6th arrondissement of Paris .
Vendelsömalm is part of Metropolitan Stockholm , located in the Haninge Municipality ( kommun ) in Stockholm County in eastern Sweden .
Stadio Marcello Melani is the main stadium in Pistoia , Italy .
The Oliver H. Hovda House , also known as Hovda House , is a historic Classical Revival style house on N. Woodward St. in Absarokee , Montana that was built in 1900 .
Shingleside is an historic home located in Rochester in Monroe County , New York .
Little Manatee River State Park is a 2,433-acre ( 985 ha ) Florida State Park located 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) south of Sun City , off U.S. Route 301 on Lightfoot Road and along the Little Manatee River .
Hofsta is a mansion in Björkvik parish Katrineholm Municipality , Södermanland , Sweden .
Confucius Plaza Apartments is a limited - equity housing cooperative in Chinatown , Manhattan , New York City .
Old Dry Road , also known as The Staudt Farm , is a historic home and farm complex located in Lower Heidelberg Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Halifax Area High School is a suburban , public secondary school located at 3940 Peters Mountain Road , Halifax , Halifax Township , Dauphin County , Pennsylvania .
Westside Provisions is a mixed use neighborhood located in the heart of the West Midtown area of Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Hashtad Joft ( Persian : هشتادجفت‎ , also Romanized as Hashtād Joft ) is a village in Gorgin Rural District , Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Czerwieńczyce ( t͡ʂɛrvjɛɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Rothwaltersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Bailly Nuclear Power Plant was a nuclear power plant project to be located near the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore in Porter County , Indiana , United States .
The Marden House is a residence in McLean , Virginia designed by American architect Frank Lloyd Wright .
Janana is a village in Bhadra Tehsil , Bhadra , Rajasthan of Hanumangarh District in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Little Smoky is a hamlet in northwest Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Greenview No . 16 .
Hajji Qaderdad Bazar ( Persian : حاجي قادرداد بازار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Qāderdād Bāzār ; also known as Ḩājīqāder Bāzār ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Pokht ( Persian : پخت‎ , also Romanized as Pookht and Pukht ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Reynolds Nature Preserve is a 146-acre ( 59 ha ) tract of protected forest located in Morrow , Georgia , United States .
Kotulin Mały ( kɔˈtulin ˈmawɨ ) ( formerly German Klein Kottulin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Voloscha ( Ukrainian : Волоща , Polish : Wołoszcza ) is a village ( selo ) in Drohobych Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
The Demopolis Historic Business District is a historic district in the city of Demopolis , Alabama , United States .
San Luis Valley Regional Airport ( IATA : ALS , ICAO : KALS , FAA LID : ALS ) ( Bergman Field ) is two miles south of Alamosa , in Alamosa County , Colorado .
Gazaf - e Olya ( Persian : گزاف عليا‎ , also Romanized as Gazāf - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Toraqan ( Persian : طراقان‎ , also Romanized as Ţorāqān ) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Sudduth Coliseum , in the Lake Charles Civic Center , is a 7,450-seat multi - purpose arena in Lake Charles , Louisiana , USA .
Framingham Assembly was a General Motors factory in Framingham , Massachusetts which opened in 1947 .
Thatched House Lodge is a Grade II - listed building and privately owned royal residence in Richmond Park in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in London , England .
Chahru ( Persian : چاه رو‎ , also Romanized as Chāhrū ; also known as Chāh Rakū and Chāh Rūd ) is a village in Khamir Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Dixie 's BBQ is a popular barbecue restaurant at 11522 Northup Way , Bellevue , Washington , 98004 .
The Grant Birthplace in Point Pleasant , Ohio was the birthplace of U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant , who was born there in 1822 .
Dalęcinko ( dalɛnˈt͡ɕinkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ferdugah ( Persian : فردوگاه‎ , also Romanized as Ferdūgāh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Coolaney ( Irish : Cúil Áine , meaning `` Áine 's Corner '' ) is a village in County Sligo , Ireland .
The Smith Family Cemetery , in Nauvoo , Illinois , is the final resting place of Joseph Smith , his wife Emma , and brother Hyrum .
North Park Collegiate and Vocational School is a public secondary school ( high school ) located in Brantford , Ontario , Canada offering academic courses to students in grades 9 through 12 .
Area code 478 is a telephone area code serving the state of Georgia , in the United States .
The Ashfall Fossil Beds of Antelope County in northeastern Nebraska are rare fossil site types called lagerstätten that , due to extraordinary local conditions , capture a moment in time ecological `` snapshot '' in a range of well - preserved fossilized organisms .
The Mersey and Irwell Navigation was a river navigation in North West England , which provided a navigable route from the Mersey estuary to Salford and Manchester , by improving the course of the River Irwell and the River Mersey .
Vazmastan Namak Kasht Varzeh ( Persian : وزمستان نمك كشت ورزه‎ , also Romanized as Vazmastān Namaḵ Kasht Varzeh ; also known as Vazmastān and Vezmestān ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Poncione dei Laghetti ( also known as Poncione della Bolla ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , overlooking the lakes Lago del Narèt and Lago del Sambuco in the canton of Ticino .
Poshteh Hesar ( Persian : پشته حصار‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh Ḩeşār ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Middelheim Open Air Sculpture Museum ( Dutch Beeldentuin Middelheim Museum ) is a sculpture park of 30 acres in the park part of the Middelheim Nachtegalen Park at Antwerp .
The William Whalley Homestead is an historic farmstead at 33 Burchard Avenue , Little Compton , Rhode Island .
Perast ( Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Пераст , pronounced ( pɛ̌rast ) , Italian : Perasto ) is an old town on the Bay of Kotor in Montenegro .
Eleanor Roosevelt College ( ERC ) is one of six residential colleges at the University of California , San Diego .
Cowlitz Falls Dam is a 70 megawatt hydroelectric dam in Lewis County , Washington .
Hulst is located at 51 ° 17′N 4 ° 3′E in the south of the province of Zeeland in the southwest of the Netherlands .
The Bois - de - Liesse Nature Park ( French : Parc - nature du Bois - de - Liesse ) is a large park on the northwestern part of the Island of Montreal in Quebec , Canada .
Rataje Słupskie ( raˈtajɛ ˈswupskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Modełka ( mɔˈdɛu̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Cornwall Friends Meeting House is a historic meeting house located on a 5.4-acre ( 2.2 ha ) parcel of land at the junction of Quaker Avenue ( Orange County 107 ) and US 9W in Cornwall , New York , United States , near Cornwall - St . Luke 's Hospital .
Northwest Technology Center is a public career and technology education center with campuses located in Alva and Fairview , Oklahoma .
Interstate 575 ( I-575 ) is an Interstate Highway spur route in the United States , which branches off Interstate 75 in Kennesaw and connects the metro Atlanta area with the north Georgia mountains , extending 30.97 miles ( 49.84 km ) .
KXST ( CBS Sports Radio AM 1140 ) is a radio station licensed to North Las Vegas , Nevada , broadcasting to the Las Vegas , Nevada area on 1140 AM .
Esfezar ( Persian : اسفزار‎‎ , also Romanized as Esfezār , Esfazār , and Asafzar ; also known as Asfarār , Asferār , Esferār , and Isfizār ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Westfield Santa Anita , formerly Santa Anita Fashion Park , is a super regional indoor shopping mall in Arcadia , California adjacent to the Santa Anita Race Track .
Theresa Creek Dam is a dam located 22 km south west of Clermont in central Queensland .
Fox Harbour Airport ( TC LID : CFH4 ) is a privately owned airport located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) north of Fox Harbour , Nova Scotia , Canada on the shore of Northumberland Strait .
Westward Ho ! is a seaside village near Bideford in Devon , England .
Cârțișoara ( also Cârța Românească ; German : Oberkerz ; Hungarian : Kercisóra ) is a commune in Sibiu County , Transylvania , Romania .
Chiemgau is the common name of a geographic area in Upper Bavaria .
Santon Bridge is a small village in Copeland , Cumbria , England , at a bridge over the River Irt .
The Church Building is located at the corner of Main and Market Streets in downtown Poughkeepsie , New York , United States , just across Market Street from the Dutchess County Court House , and north of the Bardavon Theater .
Great Barford is a village and civil parish in Bedfordshire , England , a few miles north - east of Bedford .
Paramakudi is a town , a municipality in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Matrusree Anglo Vedic School is an English Medium school based in the coastal city of Berhampur ( Odisha ) in India .
Mingulay ( Scottish Gaelic : Miughalaigh , pronounced ( ˈmju.əlˠ̪aj ) ) is the second largest of the Bishop 's Isles in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland .
The Wilkin County Courthouse is the primary government building of Wilkin County , Minnesota , United States , located in the city of Breckenridge .
Chah Hajji ( Persian : چاه حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Ḩājjī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Las Vegas Tribe of Paiute Indians of the Las Vegas Indian Colony is a federally recognized tribe of Southern Paiute Indians in southern Nevada .
Holy Name Medical Center is a fully accredited , not - for - profit healthcare facility based in Teaneck , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , with off - site locations throughout Bergen County , and in Hudson and Passaic counties .
Richardson Grove State Park is located at the southernmost border of Humboldt County , 75 miles ( 121 km ) south of Eureka , California , United States , and 200 miles ( 320 km ) north of San Francisco .
The Everett Public Library ( EPL ) serves the residents of Everett , Washington .
The Bundesstraße 430 is a German federal road or Bundesstraße and the east - west link between Dithmarschen and Holstein in the southern part of the state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Partick ( Scots : Pairtick , Scottish Gaelic : Pàrtaig ) is an area of Glasgow on the north bank of the River Clyde , just across from Govan .
Colonel James Jabara Airport ( ICAO : KAAO , FAA LID : AAO ) is a public airport located nine miles ( 14 km ) northeast of the central business district of Wichita , a city in Sedgwick County , Kansas , United States .
London International Airport ( IATA : YXU , ICAO : CYXU ) is located 5 nautical miles ( 9.3 km ; 5.8 mi ) northeast of the city of London , Ontario , Canada .
Enchanted Forest Water Safari ( originally , The Enchanted Forest of the Adirondacks ) is an amusement park in Old Forge , New York .
Hiremagalur ( Kannada : ಹಿರೇಮಗಳೂರು , IAST : hirēmagalūru , IPA : ( hiremaɡaluːru ) or town of the big / elder daughter ) , which was until recently a separate village , is now a locality in Chikkamagaluru ( or town of the younger daughter ) of Karnataka .
Tikabali is a small town in Kandhamal district , a central district of Odisha state in India .
The Shire of Emerald is a former local government area in the Central Highlands region of Queensland , Australia .
Sorkhehi ( Persian : سرخه اي‎ , also Romanized as Sorkheh’ī ; also known as Sorkhānī , Sorkheh , and Surkha ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Brookmans Park is a village located in the civil parish of North Mymms , in Hertfordshire , southeast England .
Emam Reza ( Persian : امامرضا‎ , also Romanized as Emām Reẕā ) is a village in Jayezan Rural District , Jayezan District , Omidiyeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jaty ( ˈjatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Rajki ( ˈrai̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Atlantic General Hospital is a nonprofit hospital located in Berlin , Maryland .
WYCM ( `` Your Country 95.7 '' ) is an FM radio station owned by Artistic Media Partners in Lafayette , Indiana .
The Silas Gardner House is a colonial stone house at the junction of routes 52 and 300 in the Gardnertown section of the Town of Newburgh in Orange County , New York .
Mount Beerwah is the highest of the ten volcanic plugs in the Glass House Mountains range , 22 km north of Caboolture in South East Queensland , Australia .
Reitano ( Sicilian : Ritanu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region of Sicily , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) east of Palermo and about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) west of Messina .
Fred J. Page High School ( commonly referred to as Page High or PHS ) is a senior high school in Franklin , Tennessee in the prestigious Williamson County School District nationally recognized for superior academic achievement .
Kodliwad is a village in Dharwad District , Kundagol taluk , North Karnataka , India Kodliwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
Watford North railway station is a National Rail station which serves the North Watford area in Hertfordshire , England in the United Kingdom .
Bledzewo ( blɛˈd͡zɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sankaraguptam ( Telugu : శంకరగుప్తం ) is a village in Malikipuram mandal of East Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Cross Ranch State Park is a North Dakota state park located on the Missouri River southeast of Washburn in Oliver County .
The Three Nations Crossing is a border crossing connecting the city of Cornwall , Ontario in Canada to Rooseveltown , New York , a neighbourhood within the town of Massena , in the United States .
The Laguna de Santa Rosa is a 14-mile ( 23 km ) long wetland complex that drains a 254-square mile ( 658-square kilometer ) watershed encompassing most of the Santa Rosa Plain in Sonoma County , California , USA .
East Redonda Island is a coastal island in British Columbia , Canada , part of the Discovery Islands archipelago .
Konya Province ( Turkish : Konya ili ) is a province of Turkey in central Anatolia .
North East Valley ( sometimes spelt Northeast Valley , and often abbreviated to NEV ) is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin .
Čestaljevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Честаљево ) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Ladner Leisure Centre is a recreation centre located in Ladner , a neighbourhood in Delta , British Columbia .
New Hope Christian College , formerly known as Eugene Bible College , is a private , four - year Bible college located on a 36-acre ( 15 ha ) campus in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Pirazmeyan ( Persian : پيرازميان‎ , also Romanized as Pīrāzmeyān and Pīrāzmīān ; also known as Birāzmand and Parāzmeyān ) is a village in Naqdi Rural District , Meshgin - e Sharqi District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chevereșu Mare ( Hungarian : Nagykövéres ) is a commune in Timiș County , western Romania .
The Beebe Bridge is a two - lane , steel arch bridge crossing the Columbia River at Chelan Falls , Washington .
O'Connell Road is a New South Wales rural road linking Oberon to the regional highway hub of Bathurst , where several roads including the Great Western Highway , Mid - Western Highway , Mitchell Highway and Bathurst - Ilford Road join .
Maní Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` Place where everything happened `` ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 85.59 km2 ) of land and is located roughly 90 km south of the city of Mérida .
The First Broad River is a tributary of the Broad River , about 60 mi ( 95 km ) long in western North Carolina in the United States .
Swanage ( /ˈswɒnᵻdʒ/ SWON - ij ) is a coastal town and civil parish in the south east of Dorset , England .
The Matthew Knight Arena ( MKA ) is a 12,364 seat , multi - purpose arena in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Arreau ( Occitan : Àrreu ) is a commune in the Hautes - Pyrénées department in southwestern France .
San Stae is a church in central Venice , in the sestiere of Santa Croce .
Chalmaison is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region of north - central France .
Heerle ( Brabantic : Éérel ) is a village in the municipality of Roosendaal , in the Dutch province of North Brabant .
Zhav Marg - e Mohammad Morad ( Persian : ژاومرگ محمدمراد‎ , also Romanized as Zhāv Marg - e Moḩammad Morād ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sir Lowry 's Pass is a mountain pass on the N2 national road in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Porto Alegre ( local Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpoɾtʊ aˈlɛɡɾɪ ) ; Joyful Harbour ) is the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Beatty Airport ( IATA : BTY , ICAO : KBTY , FAA LID : BTY ) is a county - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of the central business district of Beatty , a town in Nye County , Nevada , United States .
250 West Pratt Street is a highrise building located in Baltimore , Maryland .
The Hoodin Building was a historic apartment building in the Columbia - Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Chupan Kola ( Persian : چوپان كلا‎ , also Romanized as Chūpān Kolā ) is a village in Pazevar Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
East Liverpool Junior / Senior High School , formerly East Liverpool High School , is a public high school in East Liverpool , Ohio , United States .
Perkapally , formally known as Kodipunjulapalle , is a village in Bellampally Mandal , Adilabad district in Telangana state .
Nottage ( Welsh : Notais ) is a small village near Porthcawl in Bridgend County Borough , Wales .
Prawików ( praˈvikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Øysletta is a village in the municipality of Overhalla in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Milhostov ( German : Mühlessen ) is a village and municipality in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
The Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University , formerly the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia , is the oldest natural science research institution and museum in the New World .
The Marysvale volcanic field is located in southwestern Utah , United States .
Stour Row is a village in north Dorset , England , situated beside Duncliffe Hill 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southwest of Shaftesbury .
Wollaton Park is a deer park and home of Wollaton Hall , Nottingham Natural History Museum and Nottingham Industrial Museum in the heart of Nottingham .
Southern Norway ( Norwegian : Sørlandet ) ( lit . `` south country '' ) is the geographical region ( landsdel ) of the Skagerrak coast of southern Norway consisting of the two counties of Vest - Agder and Aust - Agder .
The Beare Road Landfill was a landfill that operated in Scarborough , Ontario until 1983 .
Kharabanan - e Olya ( Persian : خرابانان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kharābānān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sarab Rural District , in the Central District of Eyvan County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 163 , in 33 families .
Torre Boldone is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 3 kilometres ( 2 mi ) northeast of Bergamo , at the entrance of the Valle Seriana .
The Dutch Church , Austin Friars ( Dutch : Nederlandse Kerk London ) is a reformed church in the Broad Street Ward , in the City of London .
Bijdeh - ye Now ( Persian : بيجده نو‎ , also Romanized as Bījdeh - ye Now ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Shakespeare Santa Cruz was an annual professional theatre festival in Santa Cruz , California , which ran from 1981 to 2013 .
Sackett Lake refers to both a lake in Thompson , New York and the small community that revolves around the lake .
Tang Ravaq ( Persian : تنگرواق‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Ravāq and Tang Ravāq ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
South Albany High School ( or SAHS ) is a public high school located in Albany , Oregon , United States .
The Montgrí Castle ( Catalan : Castell del Montgrí ) is a historical edifice in Torroella de Montgrí , Catalonia , Spain , built between 1294 and 1301 .
The Time Warner Center was the first major building to be completed in Manhattan after the September 11 attacks , although it was already under construction in 2001 .
Cascadia State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon near Sweet Home along the South Santiam River at Cascadia .
Maków Nowy ( ˈmakuf ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Haji Kahu ( Persian : حاجي كاهو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājī Kāhū ) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bransgore is a village and civil parish within the New Forest District , Hampshire , England .
Briar Ridge is a gated , upscale residential community partly in Dyer and partly in Schererville , in Lake County , Indiana .
Penn Valley Park is an urban park overlooking Downtown Kansas City Kansas City , Missouri .
Vali Asr Garrison of Hazrat Qa'im Mohammad Brigade ( Persian : پادگان ولی‌عصر تيپ حضرت قائم محمد‎‎ -- Pādegān Valī ʿAṣr Tīp ḥaz̤rat Qāym Moḥammad ) is a village and military installation in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Dr. Frank R. Burroughs House , located in Ritzville , Washington , United States , is a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Fairfield train crash occurred on May 17 , 2013 , when a Metro - North Railroad passenger train derailed between the Fairfield Metro and Bridgeport stations in Fairfield , Connecticut , in the United States .
Stanytsia Luhanska is one of two local foundations of the Don Cossacks in today 's Ukraine and the administrative center of the Stanytsia - Luhanska Raion 20 km northeast of Luhansk .
The City of Joondalup is a local government area with City status in Perth , Western Australia .
Quartiere Campo dei Fiori is a small district in Milan , Italy .
Yangping Township ( simplified Chinese : 阳坪乡 ; traditional Chinese : 陽坪鄉 ; pinyin : Yángpíng Xiāng ) is a township of Kelan County in northwestern Shanxi province , China .
Włoszczowice ( vwɔʂt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kije , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kebrit Mian ( Persian : كبريت ميان‎ , also Romanized as Kebrīt Mīān and Kebrītmīān ) is a village in Hesar Kharvan Rural District , Mohammadiyeh District , Alborz County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Phillaur is a town and a municipal council is also tehsil in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab .
Arjal ( Persian : ارجل‎ ) is a village in Dinaran Rural District , in the Central District of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Master of the Nets Garden ( simplified Chinese : 网师园 ; traditional Chinese : 網師園 ; pinyin : Wǎngshī Yuán ) in Suzhou is among the finest gardens in China .
Aleppo Governorate ( Arabic : محافظة حلب‎ / ALA - LC : Muḥāfaẓat Ḥalab / ( muˈħæːfazˤat ˈħælæb ) ) is one of the fourteen governorates of Syria .
Gunnarsbyn is a village located in Boden Municipality , Sweden , at Råne River , 7 miles north of Luleå and almost 45 km north of Boden .
Qasem Motsar ( Persian : قاسم مطشر‎ , also Romanized as Qāsem Moţs̄ar ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Siemnówek ( ɕɛmˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Anclote Key is an island off the Gulf Coast of the U.S. state of Florida , located at 28 ° 11'16``N , 82 ° 50'44''W near Tarpon Springs .
Jay County High School is a public high school located on the outskirts of Portland , Indiana , United States .
Little Salt Spring is an archaeological and paleontological site in North Port , Florida , United States .
Kobuk Airport ( IATA : OBU , ICAO : PAOB , FAA LID : OBU ) is a state owned , public use airport located in Kobuk , a city in the Northwest Arctic Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Capuchin Friary , Rapperswil , ( German : Kapuzinerkloster Rapperswil ) is a Capuchin friary located in Rapperswil in the Canton of St. Gallen , Switzerland .
Postcrypt Coffeehouse is an all - acoustic music venue in the basement of St. Paul 's Chapel at Columbia University in New York City , run completely by students .
Ridgwardine is a small hamlet in Shropshire in the civil parish of Norton in Hales .
Dobrosław - Kolonia ( dɔˈbrɔswaf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Romano di Lombardia is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) east of Milan and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast of Bergamo .
Boluband ( Persian : بلوبند‎ , also Romanized as Bolūband ; also known as Būlband and Bulupund ) is a village in Alvir Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Anif Palace ( German : Schloss Anif ) , also known as the Water Palace Anif , is located beside an artificial pond in Anif on the southern edge of Salzburg , Austria .
The Dickabram Bridge is a heritage - listed road - and - rail bridge over the Mary River near Miva , north - west of Gympie in Queensland , Australia .
Pine Valley , Utah is an unincorporated census - designated place in Washington County , Utah , United States that lies approximately 45 minutes north of the county seat , St. George .
Zawada Górna ( zaˈvada ˈɡurna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Barast ( Persian : برست‎ ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Burowo ( buˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Burow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Aetna Earthworks , also known as the Missaukee Earthworks or Missaukee Mounds , is an archaeological site consisting of a pair of circular earthworks designated 20MA11 and 20MA12 located in Aetna Township , Missaukee County , Michigan .
Jondabeh ( Persian : جندابه‎ , also Romanized as Jondābeh ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pain Hashtal ( Persian : پايين هشتل‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Hashtal ; also known as Hashtal and Hashtal - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Redbridge Community School is a mixed secondary school in west Southampton , Hampshire , in the south of England .
Sharptor is a hamlet west of Henwood in the civil parish of Linkinhorne in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Pinasca is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Turin in the Val Chisone .
Rocques is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie région in northwestern France .
Cherrington is a village in Shropshire , England , in the civil parish of Tibberton and Cherrington .
Pond Road Chapel is a historic chapel on Pond Road , Town Hwy . # 2 in Vernon , Vermont .
The Ed Mirvish Theatre is a historic film and play theatre in Downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Osgoode Ward ( Ward 20 ) is a municipal ward located in the rural southeast corner of the City of Ottawa .
Poplar Lane , also known as `` Ballygomingo , '' is a historic home located near King of Prussia in Upper Merion Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
J. Lynn Helms Sevier County Airport ( ICAO : KDEQ , FAA LID : DEQ , formerly F90 ) is a county - owned public - use airport in Sevier County , Arkansas , United States .
Dillon County Airport ( IATA : DLL , ICAO : KDLC , FAA LID : DLC ) is a county - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Dillon , a city in Dillon County , South Carolina , United States .
Dzierzbice ( d͡ʑɛʐˈbit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Półczenko ( puu̯ˈt͡ʂɛnkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Studzienice , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Molla Jiq ( Persian : ملاجيق‎ , also Romanized as Mollā Jīq ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Polejki ( pɔˈlɛi̯ki ) ( German : Polleiken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sai Wan Ho is a primarily residential area on the northeastern shore of Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong , between Quarry Bay and Shau Kei Wan .
The Shire of Pingelly is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) southeast of the state capital , Perth , between the Shires of Brookton and Cuballing along the Great Southern Highway .
Crystal Lake Recreation Area is part of the San Gabriel River ( formerly Mount Baldy ) District of the Angeles National Forest in Southern California .
Salemwood School is a public primary school in Malden , Massachusetts .
KHDX ( 93.1 FM ) is the student - operated radio station at Hendrix College in Conway , Arkansas , USA .
Dehnow - e Bushkan ( Persian : دهنوبوشكان‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Būshkān ; also known as Dehnow - e Bushigan ) is a village in Deris Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Łojewka ( wɔˈjɛfka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Dzimierz ( ˈd͡ʑimjɛʂ ) ( German : Dreilinden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lyski , within Rybnik County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Mount Olive African Methodist Episcopal Church ( also known as the Hope Henry AME Church ) is a historic church in Clearwater , Florida , USA .
Lishtar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ليشتر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Louis Will House is a `` high - style '' Queen Anne style house at 714 N. McBride St. in Syracuse , New York .
The Free Baptist Church , also known as the Penley Corner Church is a historic church on Riverside Drive in Auburn , Maine .
Tarseh Bolagh ( Persian : ترسه بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Tarseh Bolāgh ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Jadamwola ( jadamˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowica , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Kanata Town Centre is a three - storey office building with a smaller one - storey retail component in the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Stone Church is a live music venue in Newmarket , New Hampshire .
The Pipestone Region is an area in southwestern Minnesota .
Sebbins Pond is an approximately 20-acre ( 81,000 m2 ) body of water in Bedford , New Hampshire .
The Gardens of Lucullus ( Horti Lucullani ) were the setting for an ancient patrician villa on the Pincian Hill on the edge of Rome ; they were laid out by Lucius Licinius Lucullus about 60 BCE .
Bahar - e Sofla ( Persian : بهارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bahār - e Soflá ; also known as Bahār - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Sangar Rural District , in the Central District of Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Creaser Hotel , also known as the Jane Cody Residence , is a hotel and residence in Republic , Washington and listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Serishabad ( Persian : سريش آباد‎ , also Romanized as Serīshābād ; also known as Sehrīshābād ) is a city in and capital of Serishabad District , in Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Father 's Office is a gastropub located at 1018 Montana Avenue in Santa Monica , California and has become famous for the Office Burger , which Esquire Magazine called one of the best burgers in the world .
Vavathurai ( Tamil : வாவத்துறை ) is a village in Kanyakumari in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
Tebesbest is a town and commune in Touggourt District , Ouargla Province , Algeria , and forms a part of the urban area of Touggourt .
The MDM Observatory is an optical astronomical observatory on Kitt Peak ( west of Tucson , Arizona , USA ) , adjacent to Kitt Peak National Observatory .
Zanjanbar ( Persian : زنجان بر‎ , also Romanized as Zanjānbar and Zanjānebar ; also known as Jehaq - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Sustenhorn is a 3,502 metre high mountain in the Uri Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Bern and Uri .
Currell College , completed in 1919 , is an historic two - story redbrick university building on the campus of the University of South Carolina ( USC ) in Columbia , South Carolina in the United States .
Clove Mountain is a small mountain in Dutchess County , New York .
Calvert Hall College High School ( also known as `` Calvert Hall '' or `` CHC '' ) is a Catholic college preparatory high school for boys , located in Towson , Maryland , in the United States .
Farnworth is a town and an unparished area within the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton in Greater Manchester , England .
Manantico Creek , spelled Menantico on federal maps , is an 11.1-mile - long ( 17.9 km ) tributary of the Maurice River in Cumberland County , New Jersey in the United States .
Pasha Chay ( Persian : پاشاچاي‎ , also Romanized as Pāshā Chāy and Pāshā Chā’ī ) is a village in Ijrud - e Pain Rural District , Halab District , Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Pwll Deri is a section on the coast in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
The Haverhill Street Milestone is a historic milestone on Haverhill Street in Reading , Massachusetts .
The large New Farm Loch estate to the North - East of Kilmarnock , East Ayrshire , Scotland and was created in the late 1960s by a number of builders to accommodate the growing population of Kilmarnock .
Kołków ( ˈkɔu̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Gallier Hall is an historic building on St. Charles Avenue in New Orleans , Louisiana , United States .
Wingrave is a village in Buckinghamshire , England , about four miles north east of Aylesbury and three miles south west of Wing .
Fulham Road runs from the A219 in the centre of Fulham , in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham , through Chelsea to Brompton Road Knightsbridge which continues to the A4 in Brompton , in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
Barangka is one of sixteen barangays in Marikina , Philippines and one of the barangays in 1st District of Marikina .
Lenhart Farm is a historic house and farm complex located in Lenhartsville , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Onondaga Cave State Park is a Missouri state park located on the Meramec River approximately 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) southeast of the village of Leasburg .
Tarom Sofla District ( Persian : بخش طارم سفلی‎ ; meaning `` Lower Tarom '' ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kilbarchan is a village and civil parish in central Renfrewshire , in the west central Lowlands of Scotland .
Mudurnu is a small town and a district of Bolu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey , 52 km south - west of the city of Bolu .
Klepaczew ( klɛˈpat͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Captain Jack Thomas / El Dorado Airport ( IATA : EDK , ICAO : KEQA , FAA LID : EQA ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) southeast of the central business district of El Dorado , in Butler County , Kansas , United States .
AuSable Chasm Bridge is a historic steel arch bridge with concrete and stone faced approach spans that carries US 9 over the Ausable River at AuSable in Clinton County , New York .
Mount Bold Reservoir is the largest reservoir in South Australia with a maximum capacity of over forty - six thousand megalitres .
Ruchek ( Persian : روچك‎ , also Romanized as Rūchek ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Welke Airport ( FAA LID : 6Y8 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located on Beaver Island in Charlevoix County , Michigan , United States .
Wólka Leszczańska ( ˈvulka lɛʂˈt͡ʂaɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Iquique ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈkike ) , ee - KEE - kay ) is a port city and commune in northern Chile , capital of both the Iquique Province and Tarapacá Region .
Lake Manatee is a reservoir located in Manatee County in southwestern Florida in the United States .
Coulter Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake , town of North Elba in Essex County , New York .
Bloxham is a village and civil parish in northern Oxfordshire on the edge of the Cotswolds , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) southwest of Banbury .
Orient , Oregon , is a unincorporated community in Multnomah County , Oregon , United States , on SE Orient Drive at 302nd Avenue near Gresham , Oregon .
Ogbaru(Official name ) Native names ( Ogbahu / Ogbesi ) is a Local Government Area in Anambra State , south - central Nigeria , an Igbo land subgroup .
The Fairbanks Museum and Planetarium is a combination museum and planetarium located in St. Johnsbury , Vermont .
Chenar Qeshlaq ( Persian : چنارقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Qeshlāq ) is a village in Qoroq Rural District , Baharan District , Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Rio Grande Dam is a dam in Hinsdale County , Colorado impounding the Rio Grande .
Ridley College ( also known as RC , Ridley , or The College ) is a private boarding and day university - preparatory school located in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada , 20 miles ( 32 km ) from Niagara Falls .
Amzajerd ( Persian : امزاجرد‎ , also Romanized as Amzājerd and Amzājard ) is a village in Hegmataneh Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Onslow Speedway is a once famous maritime racing track located in Onslow ( near Truro ) , Nova Scotia , Canada , where many well known racers from the Maritimes once raced or started racing .
Gądkowice ( ɡɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kalkharan Rural District ( Persian : كلخوران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The James V. Forrestal Building is a low - rise Brutalist office building located in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
The Gippsland Art Gallery is a Victorian Regional Public Gallery based in Sale , Victoria , 220 kilometres east of Melbourne .
Chaitén ( /tʃaɪˈtɛn/ , chahy - TEN ) is a Chilean town , commune and former capital of the Palena Province in Los Lagos Region .
Hollins University is a four - year private institution of higher education located on a 475-acre ( 1.92 km2 ) campus on the border of Roanoke and Botetourt counties in the U.S. state of Virginia .
The National Aviary , located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , is the only independent indoor nonprofit aviary in the United States .
St Mary 's Churchyard , Hendon or Hendon Churchyard is the churchyard of St Mary 's Church in Hendon in the London Borough of Barnet .
Owl Peak ( 10,612 feet ( 3,235 m ) ) is in the northern Teton Range , Grand Teton National Park , Wyoming and is just east of Elk Mountain .
The Woodbury Public Schools ( WPS ) are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Woodbury , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States .
Drei Buchen is a hill pass in the central Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Cummersdale is a village in Cumbria , England , just outside the southern outskirts of Carlisle .
Pumicestone Passage , also known as the Pumicestone Channel , is a narrow waterway between Bribie Island and the mainland in Queensland , Australia .
Modliszewko ( mɔdliˈʂɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Talang - e Anbari ( Persian : تلنگ انباري‎ , also Romanized as Talang - e Ānbārī ; also known as Talang and Tālang ) is a village in Karian Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Bili Langeh ( Persian : بيلي لنگه‎ , also Romanized as Bīlī Langeh ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Malheur Memorial Hospital Heliport ( FAA LID : 75OR ) was a private heliport located one mile west of Nyssa in Malheur County , Oregon , United States .
Mohammad Qoli - ye Sofla ( Persian : محمدقلي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Qolī - ye Soflá ; also known as Moḩammadqolī ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ledbury is a Herefordshire market town , lying east of Hereford , and west of the Malvern Hills .
McCord Village , also known as 47ON221 , is an archeological site near Lynne , Wisconsin , in Oneida County , Wisconsin .
Dug Pond is a small body of water in Natick , Massachusetts .
Grays Road Recreation Center is a historic recreation center located in the Grays Ferry neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
São Pedro de Nordestinho is a parish in the municipality of Nordeste in the Azores .
Bellarmine Preparatory School is a Roman Catholic high school in the Jesuit tradition in Tacoma , Washington , USA .
Lauriston Castle is a 16th - century tower house with 19th - century extensions overlooking the Firth of Forth , in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Peleliu ( or Beliliou ) is an island in the island nation of Palau .
Qashaqchi ( Persian : قاشقچي‎ , also Romanized as Qāshaqchī ; also known as Qāshūqchī ) is a village in Leylan - e Shomali Rural District , Leylan District , Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The 2011 Joplin tornado was a catastrophic EF5 multiple - vortex tornado that struck Joplin , Missouri , late in the afternoon of Sunday , May 22 , 2011 .
A weekly lift ticket in Val Thorens / Les Trois Vallées provides the choice to ski one day in each of the other two systems mentioned .
The 1970 Lehigh Valley Railroad derailment was a train derailment in the town of Le Roy , New York which resulted in a spill of toxic chemicals .
Brassington is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire , 16 miles north west of Derby .
Heihe ( Chinese : 黑河 ; pinyin : Hēihé ; `` Black River '' ) is a prefecture - level city of northern Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China , located on the Russian border , on the south bank of the Amur River , across the river from Blagoveshchensk .
Gavmer ( Persian : گاومر‎ , also Romanized as Gāvmer ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Nez Perce National Forest is a 2,224,091 acre ( 9,000.58 km2 ) United States National Forest located in west - central Idaho .
The Fort Wayne Old City Hall Building in downtown Fort Wayne , Indiana operates as a museum known as The History Center , and has served as headquarters for the Allen County--
Hirschfeld Wildlife Park ( German : Tierpark Hirschfeld ) is in Hirschfeld , part of the municipality of Voigtsgrün , near Zwickau in the German Free State of Saxony .
Miljevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миљевац ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Wysin ( ˈvɨɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liniewo , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Allegheny Reservoir ( also known as Kinzua Lake ) is a reservoir along the Allegheny River in Pennsylvania and New York , USA .
Piz Murtera ( 3,044 m ) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps , overlooking Susch in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Pogorszewo ( pɔɡɔrˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dar Tamush ( Persian : درتموش‎ , also Romanized as Dar Tamūsh ) is a village in Amlash - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Royal Air Force Station Leicester East , more commonly known as RAF Leicester East , ( ICAO : EGBG ) , is a former Royal Air Force station , near the village of Stoughton , 4 NM ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) east southeast of Leicester , Leicestershire .
Słójka ( ˈswui̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Saighton ( /ˈseɪtʌn/ ) is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England , a few miles south of Chester .
Police Mostowe ( pɔˈlit͡sɛ mɔsˈtɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościelec , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Marquette Branch Prison ( MBP ) is located in Marquette , Michigan on the south shore of Lake Superior .
Krusz ( kruʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bellport Village Historic District , formerly known as the Bell Street Historic District , is a national historic district located at Bellport in Suffolk County , New York .
Charanpur is a village in Bardhaman ( or Burdwan ) district of West Bengal , India , about 9 kilometres ( 5.6 mi ) from the industrial town of Asansol .
Shades State Park is a state park in Montgomery , Parke , and Fountain Counties in Indiana .
Brownsville Area High School is a small , public high school serving students in the surrounding Brownsville , Pennsylvania area .
The Wollison - Shipton Building is a historic commercial and retail block at 142 - 156 North Street in Pittsfield , Massachusetts .
Abarestan ( Persian : ابرستان‎ , also Romanized as Ābarestān ; also known as Āz̄arestān ) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Archibald Mill was a water - powered gristmill complex , now reduced to ruins , on the Cannon River in Dundas , Minnesota , United States .
Bid Gerd ( Persian : بيدگرد‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Gerd ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Klawkowo ( klafˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Waverly Central High School is a senior high school in Waverly , Tennessee , United States .
Samuels Field ( IATA : BRY , ICAO : KBRY , FAA LID : BRY ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of Bardstown , a city in Nelson County , Kentucky , United States .
Hajj Esmaeil ( Persian : حاج اسماعيل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Esmāe``īl ; also known as Ḩājjī Esmāe``īl and Kalāteh - ye Ḩājjī Esmā``īl ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 52 , in 11 families .
Barfgin ( Persian : برفگين‎ , also Romanized as Barfgīn ) is a village in Garmsar Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Susan Naqin ( Persian : سوسن نقين‎ , also Romanized as Sūsan Naqīn ; also known as Sūsan Naqī , Sūsan Qīn , Sūseh Naqī , and Susnaqīn ) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Pequonnock River Railroad Bridge is a railroad drawbridge ( movable bridge ) over the Pequonnock River in Bridgeport , Connecticut .
Sheykh Ahmadlu ( Persian : شيخ احمدلو‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Aḩmadlū ; also known as Sheykh Aḩmad ) is a village in Barvanan - e Gharbi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gladstone 's Land is a surviving 17th century high - tenement house situated in the Old Town of the city of Edinburgh , Scotland .
Darbadreh ( Persian : داربدره‎ , also Romanized as Dārbadreh ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sapu Sardar ( Persian : سپوسردار‎ , also Romanized as Sapū Sardār ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Long Island City ( L.I.C. ) is the westernmost residential and commercial neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens .
Vardavan ( Persian : وردوان‎ , also Romanized as Vardavān ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
St. Joseph Catholic Church , Rectory and Cemetery is a historic church , rectory , and cemetery located at 4983 - -4985 Bullion Street in the city of Mariposa , in the Sierra foothills of Mariposa County , California .
Gur - e Gavarz ( Persian : گورگاورز‎ , also Romanized as Gūr - e Gāvarz ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dom Rustan ( Persian : دم روستان‎ , also Romanized as Dom Rūstān ; also known as Dom Rāstān and Dūm - ī - Rausān ) is a village in Tarhan - e Sharqi Rural District , Tarhan District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bast - e Bikh ( Persian : بست بيخ‎ , also Romanized as Bast - e Bīkh ) is a village in Fin Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Roscoe Turner Airport ( IATA : CRX , ICAO : KCRX , FAA LID : CRX ) is a public - use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Corinth , a city in Alcorn County , Mississippi , United States .
Hawarden Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 2Y2 ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Hawarden , a city in Sioux County , Iowa , United States .
Sabuk ( Persian : سبوك‎ , also Romanized as Sabūk ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Howgend ( Persian : هوگند‎ ) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District , Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jędrynie ( jɛnˈdrɨɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Lincoln Memorial Bridge is a deck arch bridge carrying U.S. Route 50 Business over the Wabash River between Vincennes , Indiana and Lawrence County , Illinois .
Piotrkowice Małe ( pjɔtrkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Strider Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Montgomery County , Maryland .
Pełki ( ˈpɛu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Daniel E. Krause Stone Barn , also known as the Chase Stone Barn , is a historic barn in the town of Chase in Oconto County , Wisconsin , United States .
Pouilly - lès - Feurs is a commune in the Loire department and in the Rhône - Alpes region in central France .
Zamharir ( Persian : زمهرير‎ , also Romanized as Zamharīr ; also known as Zamgari , Zamharī , and Zamharīz ) is a village in Zonuzaq Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Golden 1 Center is a multi - purpose indoor arena , currently under construction in downtown Sacramento , California .
Chester Congregational Church is a historic church at 4 Chester Street ( New Hampshire Route 121 ) in Chester , New Hampshire .
IRIB Transmitting Station ( Persian : فرستنده صداوسيما‎ -- Farstandeh - ye Şedā va Sīmā ) is a populated place and transmitting station of Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting ( IRIB ) , in Bahmanshir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tavilan - e Sofla ( Persian : طويلان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţavīlān - e Soflá ; also known as Ţavīlān - e Pā’īn , Toilān , and Tolan Pam ) is a village in Kolyai Rural District , in the Central District of Asadabad County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Farwell Mill is an historic former mill complex at 244 Lisbon Street ( Maine State Route 196 ) in Lisbon , Maine .
The Inco Superstack in Sudbury , Ontario , with a height of 380 metres ( 1,250 ft ) , is the tallest chimney in Canada and the Western hemisphere , and the second tallest freestanding chimney in the world after the GRES-2 Power Station in Kazakhstan .
Sang Parash ( Persian : سنگ پراش‎ , also Romanized as Sang Parāsh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Monadh Mòr ( Scottish Gaelic : Big Hill ) is a mountain in the Cairngorms region of the Highlands of Scotland .
Rauville - la - Place is a commune in the Manche department in Lower Normandy France .
The Peterborough Museum & Archives , formerly the Peterborough Centennial Museum and Archives ( PCMA ) , is a historical museum located within the city of Peterborough , Ontario , Canada .
Chaman Buleh ( Persian : چمن بوله‎ , also Romanized as Chaman Būleh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Conover Archaeological Site is a prehistoric Native American site located in Dinwiddie County , Virginia , near the city of Carson .
Yengejeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ينگجه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Howmeh District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kololo is a hill in Kampala , the largest city and capital of Uganda .
Boyd 's Windmill , also known as Boyd 's Wind Grist Mill , is a historic smock mill at Paradise Valley Park on Prospect Avenue in Middletown , Rhode Island .
Blaenborthyn is a small village in the community of Llandysul , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 60.4 miles ( 97.2 km ) from Cardiff and 179.9 miles ( 289.5 km ) from London .
Bychawka Druga - Kolonia ( bɨˈxafka ˈdruɡa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Joseph Tatnall House , also known as the `` Oliver Evans House , '' is a historic home located at Newport , New Castle County , Delaware .
Dastevar ( Persian : دستوار‎ , also Romanized as Dastevār ; also known as Dastevār Pey ) is a village in Jaber - e Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The town was located within the district of Penampang on the coast of the West Coast Division but from 1 March 2007 , Putatan became a district on its own .
The New York Avenue Presbyterian Church in Washington , D.C. , is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) .
Piz Mitgel is a mountain in the Albula Range of the Alps , overlooking Savognin , in the canton of Graubünden .
Czaple - Kolonia ( ˈt͡ʂaplɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Pendleton Correctional Facility , formerly known as the Indiana Reformatory , is a state prison located in Fall Creek Township , Madison County , near Pendleton and about 25 miles ( 40 km ) northeast of Indianapolis .
The Trail Creek Lakes are a series of five small alpine glacial lakes in Boise County , Idaho , United States , located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
WLZN ( 92.3 FM , `` Blazin ' 92.3 '' ) is a radio station serving the Macon , Georgia area with an Urban Contemporary format .
Shimek State Forest is an Iowa state forest maintained by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources .
Ramsey Forty Foot is a village in Ramsey civil parish , part of the Huntingdonshire district of Cambridgeshire , England .
North Country Community College is a two - year college of the State University of New York located in Upstate New York .
The Sackville Street Building is a building on Sackville Street , Manchester , England .
The Ox Bow Inn and Saloon is an historic hotel in Payson , Arizona .
Sudkov ( German Zautke ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Agh Darak ( Persian : اغدرك‎ , also Romanized as Āgh Darak ; also known as Āq Darak ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sukhapuram or Sukapuram is an Indian village located in the Edapal Taluk in Malappuram District of Kerala .
Vista Grande High School is a high school in Casa Grande , Arizona started in 2009 .
Gródków ( ˈɡrutkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary , within Będzin County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The John Dwan Office Building , located at 201 Waterfront Drive in Two Harbors , in the U.S. state of Minnesota was the location where Dwan , a Two Harbors attorney drew up the incorporation papers for the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company ( now 3 M ) in 1902 .
Combourg ( Breton : Komborn , Gallo : Conbórn ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France .
The Gateway Sports and Entertainment Complex is a multipurpose campus located in downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
Kapagal ( Kannada : ಕಪಗಲ್ ) is a village in the Manvi taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Svortland or Bremnes is the administrative centre of Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Shur - e Bala ( Persian : شوربالا‎ , also Romanized as Shūr - e Bālā ; also known as Shūr ) is a village in Milanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Raimund Theater is a theatre in the Mariahilf district of Vienna , Austria .
Museu de les Ciències Príncipe Felipe ( Valencian : Museu de les Ciències Príncep Felip , Spanish : Museo de las Ciencias Príncipe Felipe , Anglicised as `` Príncipe Felipe / Prince Philip Science Museum '' ) is an important visitor attraction in Valencia , Spain .
The Union Railroad Clairton Bridge , commonly known as the Clairton Coke Works Bridge , is a truss bridge that formerly carried traffic between Clairton , Pennsylvania and Glassport , Pennsylvania for the Pennsylvania Union Railroad which is owned and operated by Transtar , Inc. , a subsidiary of the United States Steel Corporation .
The Galisteo Basin is a surface basin and a closely related groundwater basin in north - central New Mexico .
Bertioga is a Brazilian municipality of the state of São Paulo in the Baixada Santista .
Strethall is a village and a civil parish in the Uttlesford District , in the English county of Essex , near the town of Saffron Walden .
Big Bend of the Colorado State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Nevada , USA , on the Colorado River in southern Clark County .
Bawdsey is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , eastern England .
Mary E. Moss Academy is a public , alternative education program serving 9th and 10th grade students residing in Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Ruhotina ( Cyrillic : Рухотина ) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Carnegie Hill Tower is a 32 story condominium building located at 40 East 94th Street in New York City .
The Kern Canyon Fault is a geological fault which runs the length of Kern Canyon in the southern Sierra Nevada mountains in California .
Pomlewo ( pɔmˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wólka Krasienińska ( ˈvulka kraɕeˈniɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
YMCA Camp Lawrence is a residential summer camp for boys located on Bear Island in Lake Winnipesaukee , New Hampshire .
Ahmadabad - e Difeh Khoshk ( Persian : احمدابادديفه خشك‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Dīfeh Khoshk ; also known as Aḩmadābād and Aḩmadābād - e Da’feh ) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
KUVA ( 102.3 FM , `` U102.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Uvalde , Texas , USA .
Jangrot ( ˈjanɡrɔt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzyciąż , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nabesna Glacier is a glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska .
ZELPO Aréna is a home football stadium in Podbrezová , Slovakia .
Sher - Wood Airport ( IATA : PWD , ICAO : KPWD , FAA LID : PWD ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of Plentywood , a city in Sheridan County , Montana , United States .
Etwall ( SK 268 316 ) is a civil parish and village in Derbyshire , England .
Qadi Kola - ye Bozorg ( Persian : قاديكلابزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Qādī Kolā - ye Bozorg ; also known as Fādī Kolā - ye Bozorg and Qādī Kalā ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Queensburgh is a middle class town in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa that is situated inland ( southwest ) from Durban and now forms part of eThekwini , the Greater Durban metropolitan area .
Holburn Lake and Moss is a nature reserve in Northumberland , England to the east of the village of Holburn .
Ahmadabad - e Yalamqani ( Persian : احمداباديلمقاني‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Yalamqānī ; also known as Aḩmadābād ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Awka ( Igbo : Ọka ) is the capital of Anambra State , Nigeria with an estimated population of 301,657 As of 2006 Nigerian census .
Phnom Sruoch District ( Khmer : ស្រុកភ្នំស្រួច ) is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia .
Barkad Jadid ( Persian : بركاڈجديد‎ , also Romanized as Barḵāɖ Jadīd ; also known as Barkāh ) is a village in Keybar Rural District , Jolgeh Zozan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The RJR Plaza Building ( also known as the Reynolds American Plaza Building ) is a 16-story skyscraper in Winston - Salem , North Carolina which was completed in 1982 for R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company , currently the second - largest tobacco manufacturer in the United States .
Domaszew - Młyn ( dɔˈmaʂɛf ˈmwɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
St. Andrew 's Evangelical Lutheran Church Complex , also known as Deliverance Temple of God & Christ , is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church complex located at Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Goosey was part of Berkshire until 1974 , when the Vale of White Horse was transferred to Oxfordshire .
Triangle Lake Bog or Triangle Lake Bog State Nature Preserve is a 61-acre ( 25 ha ) state nature preserve in the U.S. state of Ohio .
Lipová - lázně ( German : Bad Lindewiese ) is a municipality ( obec ) in Jeseník District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
House at Upper Laurel Iron Works is a historic home located in Newlin Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The UAA / APU Consortium Library is a joint library serving the University of Alaska Anchorage and Alaska Pacific University , established in 1973 .
Hallunda metro station is a station on the red line of the Stockholm metro , located in Hallunda , Botkyrka Municipality .
Harna ( Persian : هارنا‎ , also Romanized as Hārnā ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Hārnā ) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qasr - e Ahmad ( Persian : قصراحمد‎ , also Romanized as Qaşr - e Aḩmad and Qasr Ahmad ; also known as Kasr Aḩmad ) is a village in Kavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
Villa Hidalgo Yalalag ( also , Yalalag , Hidalgo Yalag , and Villa Hidalgo Yalalag , and San Juan Yalalag ) is a village in Oaxaca , Mexico .
Dziembakowo ( d͡ʑembaˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Colby railway station is a small railway station on the southern edge of the village of Colby in the south of the Isle of Man served by the Isle of Man Railway ; it forms part of the sole remaining section of the network which once covered over 46 miles island - wide .
The North - West Land Division is one of five Land Divisions of Western Australia , part of the Cadastral divisions of Western Australia .
Hafenstraße ( German Hafen - harbour ; Straße - street ) is a common German abbreviation of St. Pauli - Hafenstraße , a street in St. Pauli , a quarter of Hamburg , Germany .
Jeju World Cup Stadium is a football stadium with a 35,657-person capacity that is located in the city of Seogwipo on the small South Korean island province of Jeju - do .
The Morrison Arboretum is an arboretum located in Morrison , Oklahoma .
Heydarabad - e Meyheh ( Persian : حيدرابادميهه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād - e Meyheh ) is a village in Dasht - e Zarrin Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Great Eagle Centre ( Chinese : 鷹君中心 ) is a 35-floor office building located at 23 Harbour Road in Wan Chai North , Hong Kong .
Cicha Góra ( ˈt͡ɕixa ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Dunduff Castle is a restored stair - tower in South Ayrshire , Scotland , built on the hillside of Brown Carrick Hills above the Drumbane Burn , and overlooking the sea above the village of Dunure .
Pohorany ( pɔxɔˈranɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Zarand County ( Persian : شهرستان زرند‎ ) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran .
Helscott is a hamlet southwest of Marhamchurch in north Cornwall , England .
Sanavand ( Persian : سناوند‎ , also Romanized as Sanāvand ) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Gagarwas is a small village in Rajgarh ( Sadulpur ) Tehsil of Churu district in Rajasthan , India , it is situated approximately 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) from Sadulpur .
Husnes is the largest village in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The City of Richmond was a local government area about 2 kilometres ( 1 mi ) east of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Dondușeni District is a district ( raion ) in the north of Moldova .
Darien High School is the single public high school serving the town of Darien , Connecticut , in the United States .
The Valley Heights Locomotive Depot Heritage Museum is a railway museum located in Valley Heights , New South Wales , Australia .
The Clare ( formerly The Clare at Water Tower ) is a high - rise senior independent living community situated on the Loyola University Chicago Water Tower Campus in Chicago 's Gold Coast at Rush Street & Pearson Street .
Erazmów ( ɛˈrazmuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
KUOP ( 91.3 FM ) is an NPR - member radio station , licensed to Stockton , California , USA .
Wrąbczyn ( ˈvrɔmpt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Château d'Ochsenstein is a ruined castle located in the commune of Reinhardsmunster , in the Bas - Rhin département of France .
The Bloomfield Track , which is also known as the Coast Road , is a controversial four - wheel - drive road in Far North Queensland , Australia .
The Museu de Ciências Naturais da Fundação Zoobotânica do Rio Grande do Sul ( `` Museum of Natural Sciences of the Rio Grande do Sul Zoobotanical Foundation '' ) , is a Brazilian museum located inside the Porto Alegre Botanical Garden .
Vairaatea is a small atoll of the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia .
The Elm Park Bridge , sometimes locally referred to as The BDI Bridge or The Ice Cream Bridge , is a bridge across the Red River in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The Lawns is a student accommodation complex for the University of Hull , located in Cottingham , East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Seyyed Nazar ( Persian : سيدنظر‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Naz̧ar ; also known as Seyyed Nāşer ) is a village in Margha Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Birmingham School of Law is a state - accredited law school located in Birmingham , Alabama .
Hangravan ( Persian : هنگروان‎ , also Romanized as Hangravān and Hangarvān ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Japelaq - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جاپلق غربی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
CHYW is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts airport , tourist and traffic information at 1630 kHz / AM from the Macdonald - Cartier International Airport in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Shirju Posht - e Pain ( Persian : شيرجوپشت پائين‎ , also Romanized as Shīrjū Posht - e Pā’īn ; also known as Shīrjū Posht - e Pā’īn Maḩalleh ) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Badsey is a village and civil parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire , England , United Kingdom .
The Sod House Ranch is a historic ranch in Harney County in southeastern Oregon , United States .
German submarine U-181 was a Type IXD2 U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The submarine was laid down on 15 March 1941 at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard at Bremen as yard number 1021 .
The Bristol 409 was the third series of cars from British manufacturer Bristol Cars powered by Chrysler V8 engines .
USS Oregon City ( CA-122 ) , the lead ship of the Oregon City class of heavy cruisers , was laid down 8 April 1944 by Bethlehem Steel Company , Quincy , Massachusetts ; launched 9 June 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Raymond P. Canfield , wife of the City Commissioner of Oregon City , Oregon .
The Mitsubishi Endeavor is a mid - size crossover SUV built by Mitsubishi Motors at their manufacturing facility in Normal , Illinois .
The Remington Model 58 also Sportsman 58 is a semi - automatic shotgun manufactured by Remington Arms in the mid 20th century .
Sako TRG-22/42 sniper rifles were developed by the Finnish firearm manufacturer SAKO of Riihimäki .
The Jaguar R - D6 is a concept car built by the British automaker Jaguar Cars , and unveiled to the public at the 2003 Frankfurt Motor Show .
The Commodore 1541 ( also known as the CBM 1541 and VIC-1541 ) is a floppy disk drive which was made by Commodore International for the Commodore 64 ( C64 ) , Commodore 's most popular home computer .
AlphaServer was the name given to a series of server computers , produced from 1994 onwards by Digital Equipment Corporation , and later by Compaq and HP . As the name suggests , the AlphaServers were based on the DEC Alpha 64-bit microprocessor .
MAZ-525 ( 1959 - BelAZ-525 ) was a Soviet heavy truck produced by the Minsk Automobile Plant .
By 2004 CCI , Federal Cartridge and Remington had each introduced .17 HMR ammunition offerings .
NYK Vesta was built by Hyundai Heavy Industries in Ulsan yard number 1716 ; was finished in April 2007 .
The Marlin Model 1894 is a lever - action repeating rifle introduced in 1894 by the Marlin Firearms Company of North Haven , Connecticut .
The Bic Cristal ( also known as the Bic pen ) is an inexpensive disposable ballpoint pen mass - produced and sold by Société Bic of Clichy , Hauts - de - Seine , France .
The Contax i4R is a digital camera manufactured by Kyocera .
The LG Optimus 2X is a smartphone designed and manufactured by LG Electronics .
The Commodore 900 ( also known as the Z-8000 ) was a prototype microcomputer intended for business computing and CAD purposes , and created in 1985 by Commodore International in West Germany .
The AMT Lightning pistol is a semi - automatic pistol chambered for .22 Long Rifle which was manufactured by Arcadia Machine & Tool ( AMT ) of Covina , California during the 1980s and early 1990s .
Disney Wonder had her first voyage from the Fincantieri shipyard in Italy , stopping in Southampton , U.K. , Ponta Delgada ( Azores ) , arriving in Port Canaveral , Florida two weeks later .
The BFW M.23 , sometimes known as the Messerschmitt M 23 was a 1920s two - seat sporting aircraft designed by Willy Messerschmitt , and produced by Bayerische Flugzeugwerke ( BFW ) .
HMS L5 was laid down on 23 August 1916 by Swan Hunter at their Wallsend shipyard , launched on 1 September 1917 , and completed on 15 May 1918 .
One of the more sophisticated Autorails built was the Panoramique from Renault .
The Colt Double Eagle is a double - action / single action , semi - automatic pistol manufactured by Colt 's Manufacturing Company between 1989 and 1997 .
The Acorn Electron is a budget version of the BBC Micro educational / home computer made by Acorn Computers Ltd. It has 32 kilobytes of RAM , and its ROM includes BBC BASIC v2 along with its operating system .
The FM-7 ( `` Fujitsu Micro 7 '' ) is a home computer created by Fujitsu , first released in 1982 , only sold in Japan .
The Thomas - Morse MB-3 was an open - cockpit biplane fighter primarily manufactured by the Boeing Company for the U.S. Army Air Service in 1922 .
The Eurocopter EC155 , now Airbus Helicopters H155 , is a long - range medium - lift passenger transport helicopter developed by Eurocopter from its Dauphin family for civil aviation use .
Top Scan is an amusement ride made by Mondial .
MV Kowloon Bridge was a Bridge - class ore - bulk - oil combination carrier built by Swan Hunter in 1973 , but sank off the coast of the Republic of Ireland in December 1986 .
The Bristol Type 603 is a car which was launched in 1976 , by British manufacturer Bristol Cars to replace the 411 .
In 2009 , Johnson and Johnson launched a new alcohol - free version of the product called Listerine Zero .
Harry Larrison , Jr. ( May 28 , 1926 -- May 29 , 2005 ) was an American Republican Party politician , who served on the Monmouth County Board of Chosen Freeholders from February 12 , 1966 to December 2 , 2004 .
Jacob Augustus Geissenhainer , ( August 28 , 1839 -- July 20 , 1917 ) was an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 3rd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1889 to 1895 .
Robin Hamilton is a former Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives , representing District 92 from January 2005 to January 2011 .
Dirk Hillbrecht ( born Hannover , 10 June 1972 ) is a software developer and a former leader of the Pirate Party Germany .
Carl Sargeant AM ( born 1968 ) is a Welsh Labour politician and the Minister for Natural Resources in Welsh Government .
Tan Zhenlin was a member of the 8th Politburo of the Communist Party of China .
Colonel Sir Malcolm Stoddart - Scott OBE MC TD ( 23 September 1901 -- 15 June 1973 ) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Amir Murtono ( Nganjuk , East Java , 7 July 1924 ) , also spelled Amir Moertono , was an Indonesian General during Suharto 's New Order regime who gained prominence as Chairman of Golkar from 1973 to 1983 .
Zaruhi Postanjyan ( born in 1972 , Yerevan ) is an Armenian Member of Parliament since 2007 , a public activist and a member of Heritage board .
Arthur Henry Aylmer Morton ( 31 December 1835 -- 15 June 1913 ) was a British clergyman , schoolteacher and Conservative Party politician .
Sir Stuart Bell ( 16 May 1938 -- 13 October 2012 ) was a British Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Middlesbrough from the 1983 general election until his death in 2012 .
Joseph Franklin Ada ( born December 3 , 1943 ) , better known as Joseph F. Ada , is a Guamanian politician as the member of Republican Party of Guam .
Edward Wojtas ( March 1 , 1955 in Wólka Modrzejowa -- April 10 , 2010 ) was a member of the Polish Sejm and a politician active in the Polish People 's Party ( PSL ) .
Milan Zver ( born 25 May 1962 ) is a Slovenian politician , sociologist and political scientist who serves as vice - president of the Slovenian Democratic Party .
Julie Morgan ( born 2 November 1944 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Cardiff North from 1997 until 2010 ; she is married to former First Minister of Wales , Rhodri Morgan .
Shiaan - Bin Huang ( Chinese : 黄士豪 ; pinyin : Huáng Shìháo ) is a Member of Parliament of South Africa and member of the African National Congress ( ANC ) .
Frank Kingsley Griffith ( 23 December 1889 -- 25 September 1962 ) was a British Liberal Party politician , barrister and County Court judge .
The book , `` Who 's who in China current leaders '' shows that Han Youwen had been the chief of the `` Kuomintang Qinghai province Police Bureau '' , in addition to his military service as commanding the `` Kuomintang First Cavalry Division '' .
János Lázár ( born 19 February 1975 ) is a Hungarian politician , former leader of the Fidesz parliamentary group and current Minister of Prime Minister 's Office .
Ole Georg Gjøsteen ( 9 February 1854 -- 19 June 1936 ) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party .
Dr Dilip Kumar Jaiswal is an Indian politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Jaanus Tamkivi ( born 17 November 1959 in Kuressaare ) is an Estonian politician of the Estonian Reform Party .
Zsolt Nyitrai ( born 12 April 1977 ) is a Hungarian politician , Member of Parliament ( Fidesz ) since 2002 .
Himmat Kothari ( born 1949 ) is an Indian politician who is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Madhya Pradesh .
Jorge Altamira ( born José Saúl Wermus in 1942 ) , is an Argentine activist and politician leading the Workers ' Party ( Partido Obrero ) in Argentina .
Étienne Tshisekedi wa Mulumba ( born 14 December 1932 ) is a Congolese politician who leads the Union for Democracy and Social Progress ( UDPS ) , a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Alexander Wilkie ( 30 September 1850 -- 2 September 1928 ) was a Labour Party politician in Scotland , best known for his service as a Member of Parliament for Dundee .
Pan Wenhua ( simplified Chinese : 潘文华 ; traditional Chinese : 潘文華 ; pinyin : Pān Wénhuá ; 16 October 1886 - -16 November 1950 ) , courtesy name Zhongsan ( 仲三 ) was a Kuomintang general from Sichuan .
Francisca Pleguezuelos Aguilar ( born 28 June 1950 in Granada ) was a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party , part of the Party of European Socialists .
Joe Turnham ( born October 28 , 1959 in Lee County , Alabama ) is a United States politician who chaired the Alabama Democratic Party from 2005 to 2011 .
Litsa Kouroupaki ( Greek : Λίτσα Κουρουπάκη , born in 1964 ) is a Greek politician and member of the Hellenic Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
Gary R. Chiusano ( born August 5 , 1951 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8 , 2008 until February 11 , 2013 , where he represented the 24th Legislative District .
Carlos Carnero ( born 24 November 1961 , Madrid ) is a Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
Colonel Sir John Weston , 1st Baronet ( 13 June 1852 -- 19 September 1926 ) , was a British soldier and Conservative Party politician .
Wesley Bolin ( July 1 , 1909 -- March 4 , 1978 ) was a Democratic Party politician who served as the 15th Governor of the U.S. state of Arizona between 1977 and 1978 .
Caroline Gennez ( Dutch pronunciation : ( kɑroːˈlin ʒəˈneː ) ; 21 August 1975 in Sint - Truiden ) is a Belgian socialist politician and a former chairwoman of the Socialist Party -- Different ( SP.A ) in Flanders .
Fausto Vallejo Figueroa ( born May 17 , 1949 in Morelia , Michoacán ) is a Mexican lawyer , politician , a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) and former governor of Michoacán .
Ben Meier ( August 1 , 1918 -- October 2 , 1995 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the Secretary of State of North Dakota for a record tenure of 34 years from January 1 , 1955 to December 31 , 1988 .
Alexander Stewart MacDonald is a Scottish Labour Party local government councillor .
Illtyd Harrington ( 14 July 1931 -- 1 October 2015 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as deputy leader of the Greater London Council ( 1981 - -84 ) and then subsequently as chairman ( 1984 - -85 ) .
Claudia Olsen ( 22 September 1896 -- 9 November 1980 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party .
Øyvind Halleraker ( born 27 October 1951 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian politician representing the Conservative Party .
María Marcela González Salas ( born 18 November 1947 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( previously to the Party of the Democratic Revolution ) .
Nand Lal Meena is a MLA and State Tribal Area Development Minister in Government of Rajasthan led by Vasundhara Raje of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Naresh Gujral is a Shiromani Akali Dal party politician and a member of the Parliament of India representing Punjab in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Pandit Sripati Mishra ( 4 December 1923 - 8 Dec 2002 ) , was an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress .
Paola Binetti ( born 29 March 1943 ) is an Italian Deputy who belonged to the Democratic Party before 2010 .
Afshan Rafiq ( born 25 February 1975 ) is a Pakistani Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party .
Described as a highly influential behind the scenes , Jean Guy has been credited with persuading William Guy to run for office , reviving the Democratic Party and the North Dakota Democratic - Nonpartisan League Party in the state during the mid-20th Century .
Dimitris Koutsoumpas ( Greek : Δημήτρης Κουτσούμπας , Greek pronunciation : ( ðiˌmitris kuˈt͡sumbas ) ; born August 10 , 1955 in Lamia ) is a Greek communist politician who is , since 14 April 2013 , the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Greece .
An Ziwen ( Chinese : 安子文 ; pinyin : Ān Zǐwén ; September 1909 -- 25 June 1980 ) , born as An Zhihan , was a Chinese politician and member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China .
Erling Petersen ( 13 July 1906 -- 29 August 1992 ) was a Norwegian economist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Bjørn Ole Gleditsch ( born 13 January 1963 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party .
S. M. Laljan Basha ( c. 1957 -- 15 August 2013 ) , a politician , deputy chairman , and Vice President of Telugu Desam Party , was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Andhra Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha(2002 - -2008 ) , the upper house of the Indian Parliament .
Sir Andrew Bowden MBE ( born 8 April 1930 ) is a British Conservative Party politician .
Erich Emminger ( 25 June 1880 -- 30 August 1951 ) was a German lawyer and Catholic politician of the Center Party ( Zentrum ) and later of the Bavarian People 's Party ( BVP ) .
Subhash Desai ( Marathi : सुभाष देसाई ) is a leader of Shiv Sena from Maharashtra .
Sir Richard Dawson Bates , 1st Baronet , OBE , PC , JP , DL ( 23 November 1876 -- 10 June 1949 ) , known as Dawson Bates , was an Ulster Unionist Party member of the Northern Ireland House of Commons .
John H. Worst ( 1850 - -1945 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota ( 1895 - 1897 ) under Governor Roger Allin .
Haroon Yusuf ( born 1958 ) was the Minister of Food & Civil Supplies Department and Industries Department in a previous cabinet of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) Government headed by Mrs. Sheila Dikshit , Delhi .
Muhammad Fneish ( Arabic : محمد فنيّش‎ ) ( born 1953 ) is a Shia Lebanese politician and member of Hezbollah .
Evangelos Basiakos ( Greek : Ευάγγελος Μπασιάκος ; born 1954 in Thebes , Greece ) is a Greek politician in the New Democracy party , Member of Parliament for Boetia and former Minister of Agricultural Development .
P. K. Gurudasan ( born 10 July 1935 ) is an Indian politician , trade unionist , and a member of Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Mousa Mohammed Abu Marzook ( Arabic : موسى محمد أبو مرزوق‎ ; born 9 January 1951 ) is a Palestinian senior member of Hamas .
Seán MacEllin ( died 1 September 1969 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Thomas Lynn Bristowe ( 31 March 1833 -- 6 June 1892 ) was an English stock broker and Conservative Party politician Bristowe was the third son of John Syer Bristowe , a doctor of Camberwell , and his wife Mary Chesshyre of Rock Savage , Cheshire .
Javier González Garza ( born 12 July 1945 ) is a Mexican mathematician and politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
Heineken Lokpobiri ( born March 3 , 1967 ) is a Nigerian politician who was elected in April 2007 on the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) platform in Bayelsa State , for the Bayelsa West constituency .
Geert Wilders ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣeːrt ˈʋɪldərs ) , born 6 September 1963 ) is a Dutch politician and the founder and leader of the Party for Freedom ( Partij voor de Vrijheid -- PVV ) , which is a political party in the Dutch parliament .
Ramesh Kumar is an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress party .
William F. Butler was an American politician and African American leader born in Jefferson County , Kentucky , USA who became president of the Negro Republican Party formed after the American Civil War .
Jeyasingh Thiyagaraj Natterjee is an Indian lawyer and politician belonging to the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) .
Sir Herbert Keith Speed , RD , DL ( born 11 March 1934 ) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom and former Member of Parliament .
Kunja Bojji is an Indian politician , belonging to the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Chandramani Tripathi ( 1 July 1946 -- 23 March 2013 ) was an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) political party .
J. Albert Richardson ( c. 1938 -- April 2 , 2002 ) was a trade unionist and politician who was leader of the New Brunswick New Democratic Party from 1970 until 1976 save for a one month interruption in late 1971 .
Liu Yunshan ( simplified Chinese : 刘云山 ; traditional Chinese : 劉雲山 ; pinyin : Liú Yúnshān ; born July 1947 ) is one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of China , and a current member of the Politburo Standing Committee , the de facto top decision - making body of China .
Hans Hein Theodor Nysom ( 5 September 1845 -- 28 August 1903 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party , a cabinet minister , a member of Parliament and the Director - General of the Norwegian State Railways from 1900 .
Michael Mark Prisk ( born 12 June 1962 , in Redruth , Cornwall ) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom .
Frouwke Laning - Boersema ( 5 July 1937 -- 10 January 2014 ) was a Dutch politician , she was a member of the House of Representatives from 1982 until 1994 for the Christian Democratic Appeal .
Oscar W. Hagen ( March 7 , 1884 -- September 12 , 1945 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the 20th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1941 to 1943 under Governor John Moses .
Zahra Shahid Hussain ( Urdu : زہرہ شاہد حسین‎ ) commonly known as Zara Apa , was a Pakistani activist - politician , teacher and the senior vice president of Imran Khan 's Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) in Sindh .
Even Erlien ( born 16 January 1955 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party .
Pearse Wyse ( 2 March 1928 -- 28 April 2009 ) was an Irish politician , a long - serving member of Fianna Fáil who later helped form the Progressive Democrats .
A. G. Kulkarni ( 1 March 1917 - 27 April 1992 ) was an Indian politician , a member of the Indian National Congress .
Shri Aslam Chowdhary Mohammad ( b 1944 , village Lassana in Surankote , d 15 June 2014 ) is a politician from the Indian National Congress party and a Member of the Parliament of India representing Jammu and Kashmir in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament , with term ending on 29 November 2008 .
Leung Fu - wah , BBS , MH , JP ( born 21 October 1951 , Hong Kong ) is a trade unionist and vice - chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions .
Hugo Gräf arrived back as a long - standing member of the Communist Party , now no longer illegal in Germany , and like thousands of others , lost no time in signing over his membership to the new Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED / Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands ) .
Arthur Ratcliffe ( 17 February 1882 -- 3 May 1963 ) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Leek division of Staffordshire from 1931 to 1935 .
Sir Joseph Hood , 1st Baronet , ( 31 March 1863 -- 10 January 1931 ) was a British businessman and Conservative Party politician .
Álvaro Gómez Hurtado ( May 8 , 1919 - November 2 , 1995 ) was a Colombian lawyer , politician , journalist and active member of the Colombian Conservative Party .
Marie Lovise Widnes ( born 1 November 1930 in Vanylven ) is a Norwegian poet , author , singer , composer , and politician for the Socialist Left Party .
John Friel ( 1 August 1889 -- 1 October 1963 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and merchant .
In July 2010 , Ion Ciontoloi became a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova .
Elias Blix ( February 24 , 1836 -- January 17 , 1902 ) was a Norwegian professor , theologian , hymn writer , and a politician for the Liberal Party .
Ruth Mary Reynolds ( February 29 , 1916 -- December 2 , 1989 ) a.k.a . `` The American Nationalist '' was an American educator , political and civil rights activist who embraced the ideals of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party .
Panos Panagiotopoulos ( Greek : Πάνος Παναγιωτόπουλος ) is a Greek politician from the New Democracy who was Minister for Culture and Sport from June 2013 to June 2014 , having previously been Minister for Defence from June 2012 to June 2013 .
Philippe Henriot , a devout Roman Catholic , and poet who had written several books of poetry during the early 1920s , became politically active during the Republican Federation , and was elected to the Third Republic 's Chamber of Deputies for the Gironde département in 1932 and 1936 .
Simone Peter ( born 3 December 1965 in Quierschied ) is a German Alliance ' 90/The Greens politician .
Antonio Palomares Vinuesa ( Albacete , Spain , 1930 - Valencia , Spain 24 March 2007 ) was a Spanish politician for the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) .
Mustapha El Khalfi ( Arabic : مصطفى الخلفي‎ - born 1973 , Kenitra ) is a Moroccan politician of the Justice and Development Party .
Manuel de Irujo Ollo ( 25 September 1891 -- 1 January 1981 ) was a lawyer and politician from Navarre , Spain , who became the leader of the Basque Nationalist Party during the Second Spanish Republic .
Ronald C. Rice ( born February 17 , 1968 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who has served on the Newark Municipal Council since 2006 .
Anne Moffat , Mrs. Picking ( born 30 March 1958 ) is a Scottish Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for East Lothian from 2001 to 2010 .
Jack A. Patterson ( 1890 - -1971 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the 19th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota from 1939 to 1941 serving under Governor John Moses .
Leon Lichtblau was posthumously rehabilitated by a decision of the Soviet Supreme Court on October 3 , 1956 , as well as by a commission of the Romanian Communist Party in 1968 .
Kamal Patel ( Jat , Gotra Dudi ) is a politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party from Madhya Pradesh , India .
Mike Hope is an American politician and member of the Republican Party from the state of Washington .
Wenche Frogn Sellæg ( born 12 August 1937 ) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party , and between 1981 - 1989 a parliamentary representative for Nord - Trøndelag .
Merrill Cook ( born May 6 , 1946 ) is a Republican Party politician and businessman who served in the United States House of Representatives from Utah .
Mette Gjerskov ( born 28 July 1966 in Jyllinge ) is a Danish politician , member of the Social Democrats , the former minister for Food , Agriculture and Fisheries .
Eliana Pintor Marin ( born October 23 , 1980 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who represents the 29th Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly , having been named to the seat on September 11 , 2013 to fill the vacant seat of Alberto Coutinho following his resignation .
Marsha Singh ( 11 October 1954 -- 17 July 2012 ) was a British Labour Party politician , and the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Bradford West from 1997 to 2012 .
Bouchraya Hammoudi Bayoun is the Polisario Front representative to Spain , with a base in Madrid .
Gulab Singh Shaktawat was an Indian freedom fighter , social and political worker of Indian National Congress .
Clifford R. Hope ( June 9 , 1893 -- May 16 , 1970 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas , and a member of the Republican Party .
María Antonia Trujillo Rincón ( born 18 December 1960 ) is a Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) politician .
Effingham Lawrence ( March 2 , 1820 -- December 9 , 1878 ) was a Democratic Party member of the U. S. House of Representatives representing the state of Louisiana .
The Indian National Congress , apparently in Election Mode 2014 has recently appointed Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma a member of the important committee to monitor implementation of Election Manifesto 2009 .
Ken Guild is a Scottish National Party politician and a councillor on Dundee City Council for The Ferry ward .
Andrea Pason ( born October 14 , 1964 ) is an American democratic socialist politician and former co - chair of the Socialist Party USA .
Alfred Emmott , 1st Baron Emmott GCMG GBE PC ( 8 May 1858 - 13 December 1926 ) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician .
Pape Diop ( born 1954 ) is a Senegalese politician and a leading member of the Senegalese Democratic Party ( PDS ) who has been President of the Senate of Senegal since 2007 .
Shane McEntee ( 19 December 1956 -- 21 December 2012 ) was an Irish Fine Gael politician .
Li Hanhun ( traditional Chinese : 李漢魂 ; simplified Chinese : 李汉魂 ; pinyin : Lǐ Hànhún ; 7 October 1895 - -30 June 1987 ) , courtesy name Bohao ( 伯豪 ) was a Chinese ( Kuomintang ) general from Wuchuan , Guangdong .
Alfred Hargreaves ( 15 February 1899 - -February 1978 ) , known as Alex Hargreaves , was a British Labour Party Member of Parliament .
Naoise Ó Muirí is an Irish Fine Gael politician and member of Dublin City Council .
Amira Dotan ( Hebrew : עמירה דותן‎ , born 28 July 1947 ) is an Israeli military figure and a former member of Knesset for Kadima .
Wamanrao Mahadik ( b. at Tadere , Sindhu - durg District , Maharashtra , 15 July 1925 d. 1999 ) was a leader of Shiv Sena .
Shah Azizur Rahman also helped Zia organize the Bangladesh Nationalist Party , which won the 1979 parliamentary elections .
Piet De Bruyn ( born 2 April 1968 in Hasselt , Limburg ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the New Flemish Alliance ( N - VA ) .
Roop Nath Singh Yadav ( Hindi:रूप नाथ सिंह यादव ) was an Indian politician and Member of Parliament of 6th Lok Sabha , belongs to Janata Party representing Pratapgarh Parliamentary Constituency of Uttar Pradesh .
James Brown Clay ( November 9 , 1817 -- January 26 , 1864 ) was a Democratic Party member of the United States House of Representatives from Kentucky .
Tulsi Gabbard ( born April 12 , 1981 ) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has been the United States Representative for Hawaii 's second congressional district since 2013 .
José Roberto Gomes Santana , commonly known as Zé Roberto ( born September 13 , 1978 in Pastos Bons ) is an association footballer who currently plays for the San Diego Sockers in the PASL - Pro . Zé Roberto began his career in his native Brazil , where he played with several clubs in the lower divisions .
Krisztián Szollár ( born 30 August 1980 ) is a Hungarian football player , he plays for Rot - Weiß Darmstadt .
Aljona Malets ( born 6 May 1987 ) is an Estonian football player , who plays as a defender for Naiste Meistriliiga club Pärnu JK and the Estonia women 's national football team .
Zack Smith ( born April 5 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Ottawa Senators of the NHL .
James Orville Tuttle ( September 18 , 1912 - April 20 , 1978 ) was a professional American football guard for six seasons for the New York Giants in the National Football League .
Malena Josephsen ( born 3 January 1977 ) is a Faroese football midfielder who captains KÍ Klaksvík of the Faroese 1 .
Imran Nahumarury ( born November 12 , 1978 ) is a retired Indonesian football player and manager who previously played as midfielder for PSB Bogor , Persikota Tangerang , Persija Jakarta , Persib Bandung , Persita Tangerang , Persikabo Bogor , PSSB Bireuen and the Indonesia national team .
Born in Arucas , Las Palmas , Gran Canaria , Tonono made his professional debuts with hometown 's UD Las Palmas , his first official appearance coming on 18 February 1962 at Real Murcia .
Jader Volnei Spindler , more commonly known as Baré ( born 18 January 1982 ) , is a Brazilian footballer playing for Ventforet Kofu .
Jordy Croux ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjɔːrdi kru ) ; born 15 January 1994 ) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays as a winger for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Charles Richards , CVO ( born 1953 ) is a British Army officer , who has served as Equerry to HM The Queen and Deputy Master of the Household of the Royal Household since 1999 .
John W. Heavey ( February 19 , 1867 -- November 18 , 1941 ) was a United States Army Brigadier General who served as Chief of the National Guard Bureau .
William Ledyard Rodgers ( February 4 , 1860 -- May 7 , 1944 ) was a vice admiral of the United States Navy .
Sir Philip James Vandeleur Kelly KCMG DSO ( 1897 - -1948 ) was a cavalry officer and a brigadier - general of the British Army .
Henry Kent Hewitt ( February 11 , 1887 -- September 15 , 1972 ) was the United States Navy commander of amphibious operations in north Africa and southern Europe through World War II . He was born in Hackensack , New Jersey and graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1906 .
Lieutenant General John Keane , 1st Baron Keane GCB GCH ( 6 February 1781 -- 24 August 1844 ) was an Irish soldier in the British Army .
Colonel Richard Hamilton Rawson , DL , JP ( 21 February 1863 - 11 October 1918 ) was a British Army officer and later a Conservative Party and National Party politician .
John B. Ellington , Jr. is a former Major General in the Air National Guard and Director of the National Guard Chaplain Corps and Air National Guard Assistant to the Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force .
The Louisbourg Grenadiers was a temporary unit of grenadiers formed by General James Wolfe in 1759 to serve with British Army forces in the Quebec campaign of the Seven Years ' War .
Rear Admiral David B. Macomb , USN ( 27 February 1827 -- 27 January 1911 ) was an admiral and engineering officer of the United States Navy .
Admiral George Cadogan , 3rd Earl Cadogan , CB , KMT ( 5 May 1783 -- 15 September 1864 ) was a prominent British Royal Navy officer and politician of the mid - nineteenth century who first gained fame for his service in the Adriatic campaign of the Napoleonic Wars in command of HMS Havannah .
Richard Valentine Morris ( March 8 , 1768 -- May 1815 ) was a United States Navy officer and politician .
Major - General Edward Alexander Wilmot Williams CB CBE MC ( 8 June 1910 -- 2 November 1994 ) was a British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division .
Jean - Baptiste Verchère de Reffye ( 30 July 1821 -- 6 December 1880 ) was a French artillery general of the 19th century , and superintendent of the works at Meudon .
Hugo Osterhaus ( 15 June 1851 in Belleville , Illinois -- 11 June 1927 in Castle Point , New York ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy .
William Havelock , KH ( 1793 - -1848 ) was a cavalry officer in the British Army , rising to the rank of lieutenant - colonel .
John Henry Towers ( January 30 , 1885 -- April 30 , 1955 ) was a United States Navy admiral and pioneer naval aviator .
Cyrus Hayden ( 1839 - 1912 ) was a United States Navy sailor received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Korean Expedition on June 11 , 1871 .
William Russel Huber ( June 16 , 1903 -- January 25 , 1982 ) a native of Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for heroism on June 11 , 1928 .
Michael C. Wholley is a former General Counsel for NASA and a retired United States Marine Corps Brigadier General .
The 20th ( Light ) Division was an infantry division of the British Army , part of Kitchener 's Army , raised in the First World War .
Laurence Wild ( May 1 , 1890 -- May 26 , 1971 ) was a United States Navy Captain , college basketball player and coach , and the 30th Governor of American Samoa from August 8 , 1940 to June 5 , 1942 .
The 99th ( Lanarkshire ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1824 and amalgamated into The Duke of Edinburgh 's ( Wiltshire Regiment ) in 1881 .
Rear Admiral Ridley McLean , USN ( 10 November 1872 -- 12 November 1933 ) was a two - star Admiral in the United States Navy .
Paul David Miller ( born December 1 , 1941 ) is a retired Admiral in the United States Navy .
Major General Logan Feland ( 18 August 1869 - -17 July 1936 ) was a United States Marine Corps general who last served as Commanding General of the Department of the Pacific .
Harry Delmar Fadden ( September 17 , 1882 -- February 2 , 1955 ) was a sailor in the United States Navy who received the United States military 's highest award for bravery , the Medal of Honor .
Charles Schomberg , 2nd Duke of Schomberg ( ' s - Hertogenbosch , 5 August 1645 -- Turin , 17 October 1693 ) was a general in the Prussian , Dutch and British Army , the second in the Von Schonberg line to be Duke of Schomberg , a title in the Peerage of England .
Vice Admiral Sir Cameron Rusby KCB LVO ( 20 February 1926 -- 6 September 2013 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic .
Allen Hobbs ( July 30 , 1899 -- November 23 , 1960 ) was a hydrographer and career officer with the United States Navy .
Vice - Admiral James Wilkes Maurice ( 10 February 1775 -- 4 September 1857 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Admiral Sir John Graham Hamilton GBE CB ( 1910 - -1994 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , Mediterranean Fleet .
General George Middlemore ( died 18 November 1850 , Tunbridge Wells ) was a British Army officer .
Robert M. Bowman ( September 19 , 1934 - August 22 , 2013 ) was a former Director of Advanced Space Programs Development for the U.S. Air Force in the Ford and Carter administrations , and a former United States Air Force Lieutenant Colonel with 101 combat missions .
General Sir Gordon Holmes Alexander MacMillan of MacMillan and Knap KCB , KCVO , CBE , DSO , MC & two Bars ( 7 January 1897 -- 21 January 1986 ) was a professional soldier who rose to become a general in the British Army .
Fred Henry McGuire ( November 7 , 1890 -- February 4 , 1958 ) was a Hospital Apprentice in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the Philippine - American War .
Alexander Spotswood ( c. 1676 -- 6 June 1740 ) was a Lieutenant - Colonel in the British Army and a noted Lieutenant Governor of Virginia .
Duane D. Thiessen ( born March 11 , 1951 in Goessel , Kansas ) is a retired Lieutenant General in the United States Marine Corps , and is the past commander of the United States Marine Corps Forces Pacific , serving from September 2 , 2010 , until his retirement on August 7 , 2012 .
Edwin Taylor Pollock ( October 25 , 1870 -- June 4 , 1943 ) was a career officer in the United States Navy , serving in both the Spanish--
Cary DeVall Langhorne ( May 14 , 1873 -- April 25 , 1948 ) was a Commander in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz .
Sir Charles Saxton , 1st Baronet ( 1732 -- November 1808 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the War of the Austrian Succession , the Seven Years ' War , the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , rising to the rank of captain .
The 49th ( West Riding ) Infantry Division was an infantry division of the British Army .
The 2nd King Edward VII 's Own Gurkha Rifles ( The Sirmoor Rifles ) was a rifle regiment of the British Indian Army before being transferred to the British Army comprising Gurkha soldiers of Nepalese origin on India 's independence in 1947 .
The Somerset Light Infantry ( Prince Albert 's ) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army , which served under various titles from 1685 to 1959 .
Thelma Bendler Stern ( b. December 7 , 1923 ; married name : Neubauer ) is the first woman assigned to perform duties aboard a United States Navy ship as part of her official responsibilities .
Joseph Lee Jayne ( May 30 , 1863 -- November 24 , 1928 ) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy , and a veteran of the Spanish--
The Wiltshire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 62nd ( Wiltshire ) Regiment of Foot and the 99th Duke of Edinburgh 's ( Lanarkshire ) Regiment of Foot .
Rear Admiral Edward Courtney Boyle VC ( 23 March 1883 -- 16 December 1967 ) was a Royal Navy officer and an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Seaton Schroeder ( 17 August 1849 -- 19 October 1922 ) was an admiral of the United States Navy .
Brigadier General Dion Williams ( December 15 , 1869 -- December 11 , 1952 ) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps .
The Royal Scots ( The Royal Regiment ) , once known as the Royal Regiment of Foot , was the oldest and most senior infantry regiment of the line of the British Army , having been raised in 1633 during the reign of Charles I of Scotland .
Charles Kleinsmith ( September 28 , 1904 -- June 4 , 1942 ) was a petty officer in the United States Navy who was missing and presumed dead in action during the Battle of Midway in World War II .
Major - General John Frederick Boyce Combe CB DSO & Bar ( 1 August 1895 -- 12 July 1967 ) was a British Army officer before and during the Second World War .
Major General Stanley Gorenc is a retired United States Air Force General who last served as the Air Force Chief of Safety , Headquarters U.S. Air Force , Washington , D.C. , and Commander , Air Force Safety Center , Kirtland Air Force Base , New Mexico .
Andrew Boyd Cummings ( 22 June 1830 -- 18 March 1863 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War who was killed in action off the coast of Louisiana .
Middleton Stuart Elliott ( October 16 , 1872 -- October 29 , 1952 ) was a United States Navy admiral and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz .
Selden G. Hooper ( 25 December 1904 -- 7 February 1976 ) was the only Admiral of the United States Navy to be convicted by court - martial .
Lewis Warrington ( 3 November 1782 -- 12 October 1851 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Barbary Wars and the War of 1812 .
The Devonshire and Dorset Regiment , usually just known as the Devon and Dorsets , was an infantry regiment of the British Army formed in 1958 by the amalgamation of two county regiments , the Devonshire Regiment and the Dorset Regiment .
Konstantinos Smolenskis or Smolents ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Σμολένσκης/Σμόλεντς , 1843 - -1915 ) was a Hellenic Army officer who distinguished himself in the Greco - Turkish War of 1897 .
Brigadier General Richard W. Fellows ( 1914 - -1998 ) was a United States Air Force officer who served during World War II and the Cold War .
The 110th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps ( Border Regiment ) ( 110 RAC ) was an armoured regiment of the British Army 's Royal Armoured Corps raised during the Second World War .
The Gotland Regiment ( Swedish : Gotlands regemente ) , also P 18 , was a Swedish Army armoured regiment located in the province of Gotland that traces its origins back to the 19th century .
Born in Paris , Ana Girardot is the daughter of French actor Hippolyte Girardot and actress Isabel Otero , and the granddaughter of painters Antonio Otero and Clotilde Vautier .
Charles Lennox , 1st Duke of Richmond , 1st Duke of Lennox , 1st Duke of Aubigny ( 29 July 1672 -- 27 May 1723 ) was the illegitimate son of King Charles II of England and his mistress Louise de Kérouaille , Duchess of Portsmouth .
Xiao Liwu is the sixth cub born to his mother Bai Yun , and the fifth for his father Gao Gao .
The son of Arathorn II and his wife Gilraen , Aragorn was born on 1 March , T.A. 2931 .
Peregrine Bertie , 13th Baron Willoughby de Eresby ( 12 October 1555 -- 25 June 1601 ) was the son of Catherine Willoughby , 12th Baroness Willoughby de Eresby , and Richard Bertie .
Landgravine Marie Louise of Hesse - Kassel ( 7 February 1688 -- 9 April 1765 ) was a daughter of Charles I , Landgrave of Hesse - Kassel , and Maria Amalia of Courland .
Philipp Albrecht , Duke of Württemberg ( George Philipp Albrecht Carl Maria Joseph Ludwig Hubertus Stanislaus Leopold Herzog von Württemberg , 14 November 1893 in Stuttgart -- 17 April 1975 in Ravensburg ) was the son of Albrecht , Duke of Württemberg and Archduchess Margarete Sophie of Austria .
James III of Cyprus ( or Jacques III de Lusignan ) ( 6 July 1473 -- 26 August 1474 ) was the only and posthumous child by marriage of James II of Cyprus and Catherine Cornaro and King of Cyprus from birth .
Henry Courtenay , 1st Marquess of Exeter , KG , PC ( c. 1498 -- 9 December 1538 ) was the eldest son of William Courtenay , 1st Earl of Devon , and Catherine of York , and was a grandson of King Edward IV of England .
The cub of Mei Xiang and Tian Tian , Bao Bao is a result of artificial insemination of Mei Xiang on March 23 , 2013 .
Gabrielle - Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve ( c.1695 -- 29 December 1755 ) was a French author influenced by Madame d'Aulnoy , Charles Perrault , and various précieuse writers .
Sarah Bernhardt ( French : ( sa.ʁa bɛʁ.nɑʁt ) ; c. 22/23 October 1844 -- 26 March 1923 ) was a French stage and early film actress .
Menno ter Braak ( 26 January 1902 , Eibergen , Gelderland -- 14 May 1940 , The Hague ) was a Dutch modernist author .
Aloys Felke ( born in Laufersweiler 20 February 1927 , died in Sohren , 13 January 1997 ) was a German politician and furniture manufacturer .
Jules Brasseur was a French actor and singer , born 1829 in Paris and died in the same city in 1890 , who achieved considerable popular success in Paris and around France in the second half of the 19th century .
Nicolas Gédoyn ( 15 June 1677 -- 10 August 1744 ) was a French clergyman , translator , pioneer educationalist and literary critic .
Dany Dauberson , ( 16 January 1925 in Le Creusot , Saône - et - Loire - 16 March 1979 ) was a French singer and actress .
Rouben Melik ( Ռուբեն Մելիք , 1921 - -2007 ) was a French - Armenian poet and a member of French Resistance .
Doris Barnett ( born 22 May 1953 in Ludwigshafen am Rhein ) is a German politician and member of the SPD .
Christiane Martel ( born Christiane Magnani on 18 January 1932 ) is a French actress and beauty queen who became the second woman to win Miss Universe in 1953 .
Alexander Nuno Alvaro ( born 26 May 1975 ) is a German politician and was a Member of the European Parliament with the Free Democratic Party of Germany , which is part of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .
Kim Seong - kon ( Korean : 김성곤 ; born August 9 , 1949 ) , also known as Seong - kon Kim , is a South Korean academic , literary critic , and author .
William the Breton ( c. 1165 -- c. 1225 ) , French chronicler and poet , was a contemporary and dependent of French king Philip Augustus for whom he served in diplomatic missions and for whom he wrote a Latin prose chronicle and a Latin epic poem .
Henri Diamant - Berger ( 9 June 1895 -- 7 May 1972 ) was a French director , producer and screenwriter .
Dominique Sylvain ( born 1957 ) is a French novelist specializing in crime fiction .
Bernadette Bourzai ( born 28 May 1945 in Lapleau ) is a French politician and Member of the Senate of France representing the Department of Corrèze .
Alfred Daviel ( 12 June 1800 -- 3 March 1856 ) was a French lawyer and politician who was appointed Minister of Justice in the last cabinet of the French Second Republic .
Francis Grose ( b. before 11 June 1731 -- 12 June 1791 ) was an English antiquary , draughtsman , and lexicographer .
Anne Parillaud ( French pronunciation : ​(an paʁiˈjo ) ; born 6 May 1960 ) is a French actress , who has appeared in 30 films since 1977 .
Paul Collin ( born July , 12th , 1843 in Conches , Department of Eure , 27 , France , died February 5 , 1915 in Paris ) was a French poet , writer , translator and librettist .
Félix Pyat ( 4 October 1810 - 3 August 1889 ) was a French Socialist journalist and politician .
Alexandre Marc , ( born Alexandr Markovitch Lipiansky , 19 January 1904 -- February 22 , 2000 ) was a French writer and philosopher , theorist and a founder of Personalist Federalist thinking .
Maurice Diamant - Berger ( 8 February 1902 -- 18 June 2004 , Paris ) , known as André Gillois , was a French writer , radio pioneer and - during the Second World War - general Charles de Gaulle 's spokesman in London .
Claire Guyot ( Born June 28 , 1966 ) is a French actress and singer , known for her prolific dubbing of foreign productions .
Jean Guéhenno born Marcel - Jules - Marie Guéhenno ( 25 March 1890 , Fougères , Ille - et - Vilaine -- 22 September 1978 , Paris ) was a French essayist , writer and literary critic .
Nicolas Chorier ( September 1 , 1612 -- August 14 , 1692 ) was a French lawyer , writer , and historian .
Jonkheer Willem Jacob Henri Berend Sandberg ( 1897 - -1984 ) known as Willem Sandberg was a Dutch typographer , museum curator , and member of the Dutch resistance during World War II .
Alain Damasio ( born Alain Raymond , 1 August 1969 ) is a French writer of sci - fi and fantasy .
Vahé - Karnik Khatchadourian better known as Vahé Katcha ( in Armenian Վահե Քաչա ) ( born in Damascus , Syria in 1928 - died in Paris on 14 January 2003 ) was a French Armenian author , screenwriter and journalist .
Benoît Delépine ( born 30 August 1958 ) is a French comedian and film director .
Georges Altman ( 21 May 1901 -- 1960 ) was a French journalist and resistance fighter .
Niels Arestrup ( French pronunciation : ​(nils aʁestʁyp ) ; born 8 February 1949 ) is a French actor , film director and screenwriter .
Franko Luin ( April 6 , 1941 in Trieste , Italy -- September 15 , 2005 in Tyresö , Sweden ) was a Swedish type designer of Slovene origin .
Koji Suzuki ( 鈴木光司 Suzuki Kōji ; born May 13 , 1957 ) is a Japanese writer , who was born in Hamamatsu and currently lives in Tokyo .
Henri Cogan ( born 13 September 1924 in Paris ; † 23 September 2003 in Boulogne - Billancourt ) was a French actor and stuntman .
Line Renaud ( born 2 July 1928 ) is a popular French singer , actress and AIDS activist .
Marc Antoine Baudot ( 18 March 1765 -- 23 March 1837 ) was a French memoirist and physician .
Jules Paul Benjamin Delessert ( 14 February 1773 -- 1 March 1847 ) was a French banker and naturalist .
Willem Einthoven ( 21 May 1860 -- 29 September 1927 ) was a Dutch doctor and physiologist .
André Koechlin ( 1789 - -1875 ) was a French industrialist and the railroad equipment maker from the Koechlin family .
Enora Malagré ( born July 20 , 1980 ) is a French columnist , radio and television presenter .
Jean Freustié , aka Jean Pierre Teurlay ( October 3 , 1914 Libourne ( Gironde ) - 1983 ) was a French writer and literary critic .
Jean Vilar ( 25 March 1912 , Sète , Hérault -- 28 May 1971 ) was a French actor and theatre director .
Guy Lefèvre de la Boderie ( b. near Falaise , Calvados in Normandy , 9 August 1541 ; d. in 1598 in the house in which he was born ) was a French Orientalist , Bible scholar and poet .
Louis Charles Delescluze ( 2 October 1809 -- 25 May 1871 ) was a French revolutionary leader , journalist , and military commander of the Paris Commune .
Petru Dumitriu ( 8 May 1924 -- 6 April 2002 ) was a Romanian - born novelist who wrote both in Romanian and in French .
André Géraud ( 18 October 1882 - 11 December 1974 ) was a French journalist who wrote under the pseudonym Pertinax .
Élie Semoun ( born Élie Semhoun on 16 October 1963 ) is a French comedian , actor , director , writer and singer of Moroccan origin .
Gaspard Ulliel ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡaspaʁ yljɛl ) ; born 25 November 1984 ) is a French actor and model .
Victor Sablé ( November 30 , 1911 in Fort - de - France , Martinique -- August 24 , 1997 in Nice , France ) was a politician from Martinique who served in the French Senate from 1946 - 1948 and also the French National Assembly .
Wilhelm Knabe ( born 8 October 1923 in Arnsdorf , Saxony ) is a noted German ecologist , pacifist , civil servant , politician and a co - founder of the Green Party in Germany .
Iiro Aalto ( born 19 July 1977 ) is a Finnish football ( soccer ) player .
Jean Jacques Paul Reclus ( Orthez , 7 March 1847 -- Paris , 29 July 1914 ) was a French physician specializing in surgery .
Gerd Bucerius ( 1906 , Hamm , Westphalia - 1995 ) was a German politician and journalist , one of the founding members of Die Zeit .
Pierre Antoine Noël Bruno , comte Daru ( 12 January 1767 -- 5 September 1829 ) was a French soldier , statesman , historian , and poet .
Pierre - Olivier Lapie ( 2 April 1901 , Rennes -- 10 March 1994 ) was a French essayist and novelist .
Nicolas de Malézieu ( September 1650 , Paris -- 4 March 1727 , Paris ) was a French writer , hellenist and mathematician .
Eugène Thomas ( 23 July 1903 -- 29 January 1969 ) was a French socialist teacher , trade unionist and politician .
Jean Cayrol ( French : ( kɛʁɔl ) ; 6 June 1911 -- 10 February 2005 ) was a French poet , publisher , and member of the Académie Goncourt born in Bordeaux .
Robert Challe ( 17 August 1659 -- 25 January 1721 ) was a French colonialist , voyager and writer , although he never published under his own name , which accounts for his obscurity until his re - discovery in the 1970s .
Moreno Argentin ( born 17 December 1960 ) is an Italian former professional cyclist ( from 1981 to 1994 ) .
Ferdinand Victor Eugène Delacroix ( French : ( ø.ʒɛn də.la.kʁwa ) ; 26 April 1798 -- 13 August 1863 ) was a French Romantic artist regarded from the outset of his career as the leader of the French Romantic school .
Dirk Hannema was born in Batavia , Dutch East Indies , the son of Dirk Hannema and Hermine Elise de Stuers .
Valérie Quennessen ( 3 December 1957 -- 19 March 1989 ) was a French theatre and film actress .
Gamil Ratib ( جميل راتب , born ِAugust 16 , 1926 ) is a French - Egyptian actor .
Zakya Daoud ( by her real name Jacqueline Loghlam ) is a French journalist .
Michel Auguste Adolphe Landry ( 29 September 1874 -- 30 August 1956 ) was a French demographer and politician .
Laurent Delahousse , born on 30 August 1969 , is a French journalist .
Moussa Maaskri ( Arabic : موسى معسكري‎ ) ( born 15 November 1962 ) is an Algerian - born French actor .
André Lejeune ( 4 July 1935 -- 9 September 2009 ) was a French politician and a member of both the National Assembly and then Senate of France .
Serge Nadaud ( May 14 , 1906 -- July 18 , 1995 ) was a Russian - born French stage and film actor .
Roger Federer ( German : ( ˈfeːdərər ) born 8 August 1981 ) is a Swiss professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No . 3 by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) .
Davina Delor ( born 1952 ) is a French dancer , choreographer , writer , and famous for her popular TV show Gym Tonic who adopted monkhood as a Buddhist nun in 2004 after meeting the Dalai Lama .
Paul Armont ( 1874 - -1943 ) was a Russian - born French playwright and screenwriter .
Jules Roche ( 22 May 1841 , Saint - Étienne - 8 April 1923 ) was a French politician .
Georges Izard ( 17 June 1903 , Abeilhan , Hérault -- 20 September 1973 , Paris ) was a French politician , lawyer , journalist and essayist .
Lee Eun - sang ( October 22 , 1903 -- September 18 , 1982 ) was a Korean poet and historian .
Elsa Lunghini , stage name Elsa ( born 20 May 1973 ) , is a French singer and actress .
Jean - Louis Guez de Balzac ( 31 May 1597 -- 18 February 1654 ) was a French author , best known for his epistolary essays , which were widely circulated and read in his day .
Mireille Best ( 4 June 1943 -- 16 January 2005 ) was a French author , known for her works of fiction featuring lesbian characters and themes .
Gustáv Husák ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈɡustaːu̯ ˈɦusaːk ) ; 10 January 1913 -- 18 November 1991 ) was a Slovak politician , president of Czechoslovakia and a long - term Secretary General of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia ( 1969 - -1987 ) .
Charles - François Tiphaigne de la Roche , ( February 19 , 1722 -- August 11 , 1774 ) , was a French author .
Olivier Ferrand was a French civil servant and public intellectual .
André Gerin ( born January 19 , 1946 in Vienne , Isère ) is a French politician who is currently a Deputy in the National Assembly of France .
Germaine Montero ( 1909 - -2000 ) was a French singer and a stage , television and film actress .
Roger Ferdinand ( 1898 - 1967 ) was a French playwright and screenwriter .
Étienne Klein ( French : ( klɛ̃ ) ; born 1958 ) is a French physicist and philosopher of science , born in 1958 .
Roger Gilbert - Lecomte ( May 18 , 1907 in Reims , France - December 31 , 1943 in Paris ) was a French avant - garde poet and co - founder ( with René Daumal , Roger Vailland and Josef Šíma ) of the artistic group and magazine Le Grand Jeu .
Bernadette Lafont ( 28 October 1938 -- 25 July 2013 ) was a French actress who appeared in more than 120 feature films .
Noëlle Châtelet ( ( French pronunciation : ​(noɛl ʃatlɛ ) ) ; born 16 October 1944 as Noëlle Jospin ) is a French writer and lecturer at the Paris Descartes University in the humanities .
Job de Roincé ( Born Joseph Boreau de Roincé , 18 April 1896 , Segré , Maine - et - Loire - 30 December 1981 ) , was a French journalist and writer , and also one of the founding figures of Breton nationalism .
Isac Elliot Lundén ( born 26 December 2000 ) , professionally known as Isac Elliot , is a Finnish pop singer , songwriter , dancer and actor .
Georges - Jean Arnaud ( born July 3 , 1928 ) is a French author .
Léon Meyer ( 11 September 1868 -- 22 January 1948 ) was a French freight broker and Radical politician from the port city of Le Havre .
Pascal Gentil ( born May 15 , 1973 in Paris , France ) is a French taekwondo practitioner .
Princess Charlotte Sophie of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld , Duchess in Saxony ( 24 September 1731 -- 2 August 1810 ) was a German duchess .
Élise Tielrooy ( born 1967 ) is a French actress of film , stage and television .
Louis - Eugène Cavaignac ( French pronunciation : ​(lwi øʒɛn kavɛɲak ) ; 15 October 1802 in Paris -- 28 October 1857 ) was a French general who put down a massive rebellion in Paris in 1848 , known as the June Days Uprising .
Auguste Louis Antoine Fabre ( 13 April 1820 -- 15 January 1878 ) was a French magistrate who was briefly a national deputy during the Second French Empire .
Jean Teulé ( born 26 February 1953 , in Saint - Lô , Manche ) , is a French novelist , cartoonist and screenwriter .
Daniel Ichbiah is a French author of several books on musical and technical topics .
Jean de La Ceppède ( c. 1550 - 1623 ) was a French Christian poet from Aix - en - Provence during the Middle Ages .
Vincent de Moro - Giafferi ( 6 June 1878 , Paris - 15 February 1956 ) was a French criminal attorney .
Pierre Seghers ( 5 January 1906 , Paris - 4 November 1987 , Créteil ) was a French poet and editor .
Sabine Verheyen ( born 24 October 1964 in Aachen ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament .
René Berthelot ( ? -- 28 October 1664 ) , also known by his stage names Du Parc and Gros René , was a French actor and member of Molière 's theatre troupe from 1647 to 1664 .
Mitsou Ronat ( 1946 -- 8 July 1984 ) was a French poet , linguist and specialist of literary theory .
Eider Gardiazabal Rubial , is a Spanish politician .
Gabriele Zimmer ( called Gabi ; born 7 May 1955 in Berlin , GDR ) is a German socialist politician .
Augustin Marie Morvan ( 7 February 1819 -- 20 March 1897 ) was a French physician , politician , and writer .
Hippolyte Girardot ( born Frédéric Girardot ; 10 October 1955 ) is a French actor , film director and screenwriter .
Julien Benda ( 26 December 1867 , Paris -- 7 June 1956 , Fontenay - aux - Roses ) was a French philosopher and novelist .
Gérard Lanvin ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒeʁaːʁ lɑ̃vɛ̃ ) ; born 21 June 1950 ) is a César Award - winning French actor .
Jacques Peirotes ( 1869 , Strasbourg - 1935 ) was a French and German politician , mayor of Strasbourg from 1919 to 1929 .
Roelof Paul Citroen ( 15 December 1896 -- 13 March 1983 ) was a German - born Dutch artist , art educator and co - founder of the New Art Academy in Amsterdam .
Pierre Richard - Willm ( 3 November 1895 -- 12 April 1983 ) was a French actor during the 1930s and 1940s .
Pierre - Charles - Louis Baudin , born 18 December 1748 in Sedan , Ardennes and died 14 October 1799 in Paris , was a French revolutionary and politician .
Frédéric François - Marsal ( French : ( fʁedeʁik fʁɑ̃swa maʁsal ) ; 1874 - -1958 ) was a French Politician of the Third Republic , who served briefly as Prime Minister in 1924 .
Jean - Baptiste Annibal Aubert du Bayet ( 19 August 1759 , Louisiana -- 17 December 1797 , Istanbul ) was a French General and politician during the period of the French Revolution .
Jean Dax ( September 17 , 1879 -- June 6 , 1962 ) was a French actor who appeared in more than seventy films during his career .
Félix Léonnec was a French author and film director , born in 1872 in Brest .
Patrick Buisson ( born 1949 ) is a conservative French historian , journalist and political advisor .
Serge Rousseau ( 13 March 1930 - 3 November 2007 ) was a French film and television actor and agent .
Mathieu Demy ( born 15 October 1972 ) is a French actor , film director and producer .
Lucien Fabre ( 14 February 1889 - 1952 ) was a French writer and engineer .
Laurence Bertrand Dorléac ( born 1957 ) is a French art historian specializing in contemporary art , a professor and an author .
Louis Jean Népomucène Lemercier ( 20 April 1771 -- 7 June 1840 ) was a French poet and dramatist .
Gérard de Cortanze ( born 22 July 1948 Paris ) is a French writer , essayist , translator and literary critic .
Jean - Xavier Lefèvre ( Lausanne Cressis , March 6 , 1763 -- Paris Neuilly , 1829 November 9 ) was a Swiss - born French clarinettist .
Lodewijk Meyer ( also Meijer ) ( bapt . 18 October 1629 , Amsterdam -- buried 25 November 1681 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch physician , classical scholar , translator , lexicographer , and playwright .
Lazare Hippolyte Carnot ( 6 October 1801 , Saint - Omer -- 16 March 1888 ) was a French statesman .
Bolesław Prus ( pronounced : ( bɔ'lεswaf ' prus ) ; 20 August 1847 -- 19 May 1912 ) , born Aleksander Głowacki , is a leading figure in the history of Polish literature and philosophy and a distinctive voice in world literature .
Elhaida Dani ( born 17 February 1993 ) is an Albanian singer .
Annie Salager ( born Paris ) is a French poet .
Adriaen Matham ( 1590 - -1660 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter , engraver and art dealer .
Michèle Causse ( July 29 , 1936 -- July 29 , 2010 ) was a French lesbian theorist , translator and author .
Théophile de Viau ( 1590 -- 25 September 1626 ) was a French Baroque poet and dramatist .
Tulsidas ( Hindi pronunciation : ( t̪ʊls̪iːd̪aːs̪ ) , also known as Goswami Tulsidas ; 1497/1532 - -1623 ) was a Hindu poet - saint , reformer and philosopher from Ramanandi Sampradaya in the lineage of Jagadguru Ramanandacharya renowned for his devotion to the Lord Shri Rama .
Frankie Covelli ( May 4 , 1913 -- February 16 , 2003 ) is an American boxer from Brooklyn New York .
Elin Hilderbrand is an American writer of Summer beach read romance novels .
Martin Kaymer ( /kaɪmər/ ; born 28 December 1984 ) is a German professional golfer .
Isabella Thoburn ( 1840 - -1901 ) was an American Christian missionary of the Methodist Episcopal Church best known for her establishment of educational institutions and missionary work in North India , subsequent to East India Company relinquishing power to British government in India .
The real - life adventures of Frederick Courtney Selous , the famous British big game hunter and explorer of Colonial Africa , inspired Haggard to create the Allan Quatermain character .
Perry Joseph Green of Portland , Oregon was a philosopher and preacher of the New Thought Movement in the early 1900s .
James Fenimore Cooper ( September 15 , 1789 -- September 14 , 1851 ) was a prolific and popular American writer of the early 19th century .
Neville Christian a Norfolk Island politician , and Minister for Finance in the Twelfth Legislative Assembly which took office on 28 March 2007 .
Harrison Tweed ( October 18 , 1885 -- June 16 , 1969 ) was an American lawyer and civic leader .
Beverly Whipple is Professor Emerita at Rutgers University and a professional author and sexologist .
Spirituality Shopper was a short lived British television series that ran on Channel 4 for 3 episodes in 2005 .
Naughty Amateur Home Videos ( also known as NAHV ) is an adult reality television series currently in its 15th season on Playboy TV .
Britain Goes Wild with Bill Oddie was a live BBC TV show , broadcast nightly , Monday --
Famous Crime Scene is a VH1 show that follows a documentary format .
Valley of the Dinosaurs is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by the Australian studios of Hanna - Barbera Productions and broadcast on CBS from September 7 to December 21 , 1974 .
She 's Got the Look is a reality series created for and aired on TV Land .
Mama 's Family originally aired on NBC , debuting on January 22 , 1983 .
The Cooks was an Australian television drama series that ran for one season on Network Ten during the summer of 2004/05 .
The NFL on DuMont was an American television program that broadcast National Football League games on the now defunct DuMont Television Network .
I Want to Work for Diddy is a VH1 reality show which features contestants competing for a job working for Sean Combs ( a.k.a . Diddy ) .
Gary the Rat is an American adult television program animated series created by the Cullen Brothers and animated by Spike Animation Studios .
The Edwardian Country House was a British mini - series in the reality television genre , produced by Channel 4 .
Extension 720 was a long - format interview program on WGN Radio .
Careers to Come is a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1977 .
Stage Entrance was an American variety show broadcast on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network .
Har Ghar Kuch Kehta Hai is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee TV from 16 July 2007 -- 18 April 2008 .
Modern Men is an American television sitcom that premiered March 17 , 2006 on The WB .
Essence of Emeril ( 1994 - -96 , 2000 - -2007 ) is a Food Network show hosted by chef Emeril Lagasse .
The Diahann Carroll Show is a series of four musical variety television specials , starring Diahann Carroll , that aired on CBS in 1976 .
Ryan Confidential is an Irish home - produced television programme which was broadcast on RTÉ One until 2010 .
Land and Sea is a locally produced Canadian documentary television show broadcast in Newfoundland and Labrador on CBNT - DT in St. John 's , and on all CBC Television outlets throughout the province .
Thomas & Sarah is a British drama series that aired on ITV in 1979 .
The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo is an American action / adventure situation comedy that ran on NBC from 1979 to 1981 .
Main Hoon is an entertainment talk show on TV Asia channel that hosts some of the biggest Bollywood celebrities .
Where My Dogs At ? is an animated television series created by Aaron Matthew Lee and Jeff Ross that aired on MTV2 as part of its Sic'emation lineup .
Malegaon Ka Chintu is an Indian silent comedy series which premiered on SAB TV on August 6 , 2010 .
Strike It Lucky ( Michael Barrymore 's Strike It Rich ! from 1996 - 99 ) was a popular British television game show from 29 October 1986 to 23 August 1999 , originally produced by Thames Television for ITV , and presented by the British comedian Michael Barrymore .
Hockey Central is the brand used for programs and segments covering hockey ( particularly the National Hockey League ) on the Canadian sports channel Sportsnet .
I Love the New Millennium , a mini - series in the I Love the ... series , is a nostalgia show focusing on the 2000s and premiered on VH1 Monday , June 23 , 2008 .
NYC 22 ( pronounced as NYC 2 - 2 ) is an American police procedural drama that aired on CBS from April 15 to August 11 , 2012 , as a mid - season replacement for CSI :
Mi prima Ciela ( My Cousin Ciela ) was a Venezuelan telenovela , produced and broadcast by RCTV in 2007 .
Tabing Ilog ( English translation : The Riverside / The Riverbank ) is a youth - oriented Filipino television drama series which aired on ABS - CBN Channel 2 for more than four years from late ' 90s to the early 2000s .
The Mitchell and Webb Situation was a British television sketch show shown on Play UK in 2001 .
What Really Happens in Thailand is an Australian reality documentary television series that airs on the Seven Network .
Used Car Roadshow was a car programme that was originally aired on the Men & Motors channel , but now it is also shown on ITV4 .
The Big Call is an ITV quiz show created by Kevin Ball and Mast Media .
Terry Jones ' Great Map Mystery is a four - part television documentary series first broadcast on BBC Two Wales in 2008 and presented by former Monty Python member Terry Jones .
Pritam Pyare Aur Woh is an Indian horror comedy television series on SAB TV , aired on 3 March 2014 .
Short Change was a consumer affairs programme for children , broadcast on BBC One and later also the CBBC Channel .
Food 911 is a 30-minute - long show hosted by Tyler Florence that has aired on the Food Network since 1999 .
Night Calls is an American sexuality - oriented television series on Playboy TV that was broadcast from 1995 to 2007 .
Paranormal Paparazzi is an American entertainment - and - lifestyle paranormal reality television news series which originally aired on the Travel Channel from September 28 , 2012 , to November 8 , 2012 .
Atom Squad was an American science - fiction series that was broadcast live by the NBC network , July 6 , 1953 to January 22 , 1954 , Monday - Friday , 5:00 to 5:15 PM EST .
When a Stranger Calls Back premiered on the Showtime cable network on April 4 , 1993 .
Lindenstraße ( literally `` Lime Street '' ) is a German television show on Das Erste .
Whoops Apocalypse is a six - part 1982 television sitcom by Andrew Marshall and David Renwick , made by London Weekend Television for ITV .
Albert 's Place was a Canadian children 's television series which aired on CBC Television in 1959 .
Lipshitz Saves the World is a comedy television pilot that was produced for NBC .
Babul Ki Duwayen Leti Jaa is an Indian soap opera produced by popular Indian television producer Shobhana Desai , and aired every Monday - Friday at 10:15pm IST on Zee TV channel .
Talking Footy is an Australian rules football chat show appearing on the Seven Network .
The Wandering Golfer was a television show aired between 2004 and 2007 by the Fine Living Network .
The Noite com Danilo Gentili ( English : Overnight with Danilo Gentili ) is a Brazilian late - night talk show hosted by Danilo Gentili on SBT , which premiered at the midnight of March 10 , 2014 .
Little Big Superstar is a Filipino reality- variety show for kids , that airs every Saturday afternoon on ABS - CBN .
Neues aus der Anstalt ( English : `` News from the ( mental ) institution '' ) was a political cabaret program on German television station ZDF , hosted by Urban Priol and Frank - Markus Barwasser , who replaced Georg Schramm .
Murder in Suburbia is a British detective drama that ran on the ITV network for two series in 2004 and 2005 .
Drop - In was a Canadian television series for youth broadcast on CBC Television from 28 September 1970 to 1974 .
Tales of the Texas Rangers is a 20th century Western old - time radio and television police procedural drama which originally aired on NBC Radio from 1950 to 1952 and later on CBS Television from 1955 to 1958 .
Extreme Dodgeball is an American Sports Entertainment television show that debuted on Game Show Network in 2004 .
Politics Now was a Scottish political programme produced and broadcast by STV in northern and central Scotland .
The Superman / Aquaman Hour of Adventure is a Filmation animated series that aired on CBS from 1967 to 1968 .
Andy Warhol 's Fifteen Minutes is an American talk show hosted by artist Andy Warhol , that aired on MTV from 1985 to 1987 .
Hollywood Preview was a 30-minute show aired on the DuMont Television Network from September 14 , 1955 to June 1 , 1956 .
Financial Review Sunday was an Australian business news television program produced by the Nine Network , in partnership with Fairfax Media .
Come Dine with Me is a popular Channel 4 television programme shown in the United Kingdom .
The Stu Davis Show was a Canadian country music television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966 .
Damon and Debbie was a three - part spin - off from the Channel 4 soap opera Brookside first broadcast in November 1987 .
Tattoo Fixers is a British reality television documentary , broadcast on E4 .
Woman with a Past is an American daytime soap opera that aired on CBS from February 1 , 1954 to July 2 , 1954 .
On 12 August 2011 , it was announced that Sky Living had officially axed Most Haunted and had returned the rights to the show to Yvette Fielding and Karl Beattie .
KSLV - FM ( 96.5 FM , The Mix 96.5 ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary music format .
Ancient Discoveries was a television series that premiered on December 21 , 2003 , on The History Channel .
Shirl 's Neighbourhood was an Australian afternoon children 's television series aired on the Seven Network between 1979 and 1983 .
Make Me a Millionaire Inventor is an American television docu - series which airs on CNBC , and has been called `` a sort - of Mythbusters - meets - Shark - Tank mashup . ''
Agent Raghav - Crime Branch is an Indian crime fiction television series , which premierered on 5th September 2015 broadcasting on & TV .
Star Portraits with Rolf Harris was a BBC television series that had three series , the most recent in March 2007 .
Farmclub.com ( broadcast October 18 , 1999 - April 3 , 2000 ) is an American TV show on USA Network .
Dulce Enemiga ( 1995 ) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venevisión .
Star Trek aired on NBC from September 8 , 1966 to June 3 , 1969 and from September 6 on Canada 's CTV network .
Marge and Jeff is an early American sitcom broadcast Monday through Friday on the DuMont Television Network during the 1953 - 1954 television season .
Opening Act is an American reality talent show on E ! that debuted on July 9 , 2012 .
Distinguished Canadians ( originally titled Interview ) is a Canadian talk show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1972 .
Elemento is a Philippine horror , docudrama series broadcast by GMA Network .
Black Harbour is a Canadian television series , which ran on CBC Television from 1996 to 1999 .
Weekend Sunrise is an Australian breakfast television program , broadcast on the Seven Network and currently hosted by Andrew O'Keefe and Angela Cox .
Princess Protection Program is a 2009 Disney Channel Original Movie , directed by Allison Liddi - Brown and starring Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez .
Big Rig Bounty Hunters is an American reality TV program on the History Channel which premiered in February 2013 , which follows bounty hunters who search for and retrieve lost , stolen , or otherwise missing tractor - trailer rigs and in some cases , towed vehicles and cargo on trailers .
Ranvir Vinay Aur Kaun ? is a Hindi talk show that aired on STAR One .
Jane by Design is an American comedy - drama television series on ABC Family .
Megastructures is a documentary television series appearing on the National Geographic Channel in the United States and the United Kingdom , Channel 5 in the United Kingdom , France 5 in France , and 7mate in Australia .
Deep South Paranormal is an American paranormal television series on Syfy that debuted April 10 , 2013 .
Space Stars is a 60-minute Saturday morning animated series produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions which ran on NBC from 1981 to 1982 .
Banacek ( pronounced `` BAN - a - check '' ) is an American detective TV series starring George Peppard that aired on the NBC network from 1972 to 1974 .
Backstairs at the White House is a 1979 NBC television miniseries based on the book My Thirty Years Backstairs at the White House by Lillian Rogers Parks ( with Frances Spatz Leighton ) .
Do n't Worry Chachu is an Indian sitcom , which premiered on SAB TV on October 3 , 2011 .
Great Greeks ( Greek : Μεγάλοι Έλληνες , Megali Ellines ) is a television program , produced and broadcast by the Greek television network Skai TV , based on the BBC 's equivalent show 100 Greatest Britons .
Tennis on USA is a television program produced by the USA Network that broadcasts the main professional tennis tournaments in the United States .
The Brian Benben Show is an American sitcom that aired on CBS on Mondays from September 21 , 1998 to October 12 , 1998 .
The Bob McLean Show was a Canadian talk show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1981 .
Video Village is an American television game show produced by Heatter - Quigley Productions which aired on the CBS network in daytime from July 11 , 1960 to June 15 , 1962 and in primetime from July 1 to September 16 , 1960 .
Rock the Cradle is an MTV reality show in which the offspring of R&B , pop , and rock stars from the 1980s and 1990s vie in a six - week singing competition .
Adventures in Rainbow Country was a Canadian television series , which aired on CBC Television in 1970 and 1971 .
Hey , Hey , Hey , It 's Fat Albert is an animated primetime special which originally aired on November 12 , 1969 on NBC in the United States .
Bureau of Alien Detectors ( commonly initialized as BAD ) is an American animated series that once aired on the UPN network 's weekend - morning cartoon block UPN Kids .
Ask No Questions was a short lived British game show that originally aired as a regional programme for Yorkshire Television in 1986 on Saturdays , then it became networked for most ITV regions in 1987 .
Good Deal with Dave Lieberman is a television cooking show hosted by Dave Lieberman that airs on the Food Network in the United States and Food Network Canada in Canada .
Rabba Ishq Na Hove ( loosely translated : My God Do n't let me fall in Love ) was a Hindi television series that aired on Zee TV channel from 10 October 2005 to 18 April 2006 , based on a triangular love story .
The Joan Edwards Show was an American television show broadcast on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network .
It 's Worth What ? is an American television game show that debuted July 19 , 2011 on NBC .
Programa do Jô ( Portuguese for Jô 's Show ) is a Brazilian late - night talk show broadcast by Rede Globo since April 3 , 2000 .
My Horrible Year ! is a 2001 television movie produced for Showtime , starring Allison Mack , Caterina Scorsone , and Dan Petronijevic .
Passions is an American soap opera which aired on NBC from July 5 , 1999 to September 7 , 2007 and on The 101 Network from September 17 , 2007 to August 7 , 2008 .
Star Magic Presents is a weekly love anthology program that began airing on the ABS - CBN network in the Philippines from July 29 , 2006 to May 10 , 2008 The show features artists from Star Magic , the talent management agency of ABS - CBN .
Schismatogobius deraniyagalai , the Redneck goby , is a species of goby native to India , Sri Lanka , the Philippines and Australia .
Wrangeliaceae is a red alga family in the order Ceramiales .
Yucca is a genus of perennial shrubs and trees in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Agavoideae .
Phricta is a genus of insect in the family Tettigoniidae confined to rainforests of eastern Australia .
The Myodini are a tribe of forest voles in the subfamily Arvicolinae .
Stenospermation is a genus of plant in family Araceae native to South America and Central America .
The Harris 's sparrow ( Zonotrichia querula ) is a large sparrow .
The Cayenne keyhole limpet , scientific name Diodora cayenensis , is a species of small to medium - sized sea snail or limpet , a western Atlantic marine prosobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Ecchlorolestes is a genus of large damselflies in the family Synlestidae .
The Enterococcaceae are a family of Gram - positive bacteria placed in the order Lactobacillales .
Jazz a Confronto 27 is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Rome , Italy , on September 28 .
Gaby oh Gaby is a song first published by Alain Bashung .
Clean Cut is the fifteenth studio album by American country artist Barbara Mandrell .
`` Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It '' is the first single from Ice Cube 's studio album , Raw Footage .
Reaching Fourth is the second album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner which was released on the Impulse ! label in 1963 .
Wire Waltz is the second album from band The Last Town Chorus , released in 2006 , three years after their eponymous debut .
In the Kingdom was the fourth album by Christian metal band Whitecross .
`` Lonely Road of Faith '' was the second released single from Kid Rock 's 2001 album Cocky .
`` Hey Baby ( Jump Off ) '' is the second single from the collaborative album Face Off by rapper Bow Wow and R&B singer Omarion .
Brown Sabbath is the debut studio album by New Zealand band Deja Voodoo that was released in 2004 .
Egil Gjelland grew up in Voss , the home of many world class biathletes , and started doing biathlon at the age of 15 .
José Navas began his training at the Taller de Danza in Caracas before moving to New York and studying at the Merce Cunningham Studio .
Lee Brice was born Kenneth Mobley Brice , Jr. on June 10 , 1979 in Sumter , South Carolina , to Kenneth , Sr . and Carleen Brice His younger brother , Lewis , was a contestant on Season 1 of Country Music Television 's Can You Duet .
Mady Mesplé was born in Toulouse , France , and studied piano and voice at the music conservatory of her native city , graduating with a gold medal .
Joseba Zubeldia Agirre ( born in Usurbil , Basque Country ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer .
Koen Persoons ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkun ˈpɛr.ˌsoːns ) ) ( born 12 July 1983 in Aalst ) is a Belgian professional footballer playing for Belgian Pro League outfit Lokeren .
Kristaps Zīle(born January 5 , 1987 in Liepāja ) is a Latvian heavyweight kickboxer and mixed martial artist .
João Pedro Maturano dos Santos or simply João Pedro ( born 15 November 1996 in Presidente Prudente ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a right back .
Omar Faig Nemanzadeh was a Meskhetian Turk and was born in 1872 , in Akhaltsikhe , Georgia .
Geoffrey Sauer ( born 1968 , Bloomington , Indiana ) is an American new media theorist who researches technologies including open source software and collaborative multimedia development in the context of the history of publishing .
Ken DeMange ( born 3 September 1964 in Dublin , Republic of Ireland ) is a former Irish footballer who played for , among others , Liverpool , Leeds United , Hull City and Dundalk .
Stefan Blank ( born 10 March 1977 in Gelsenkirchen ) is a former German footballer who currently works as head coach of Eintracht Datteln .
Born in Paris on August 8 , 1801 , Victor Jacquemont was the youngest of four sons of Venceslas Jacquemont and Rose Laisné .
Slađan Ašanin ( born 13 August 1971 in Zagreb ) is a retired Croatian professional footballer who played for several clubs in Europe .
Joan McCusker ( born June 8 , 1965 in Yorkton , Saskatchewan as Joan Elizabeth Inglis ) , grew up in Saltcoats .
Jessica Treadway ( born 1961 Albany , New York ) is an American short story writer .
Daniel Buckley , Jr. was the son of Daniel Buckley , Sr . and Abigail Sullivan of Boherbue , County Cork , Ireland .
Born in Alexandria , Egypt , in 1926 , Garbis Aprikian took part in the cultural and artistic life of this cosmopolitan city when he was very young .
Born Rodney Harry Rackstraw Downes in Pembury , Kent , England , he moved to the United States and studied painting as an exchange student at The Hotchkiss School in Lakeville , Connecticut from 1957 - 58 .
Jeremy Blaustein ( born June 7 , 1966 in Long Island , New York ) is a Japanese translator and localization coordinator specializing in the localization of video games , such as Metal Gear Solid and Silent Hill 2 , as well as anime and other television programs , such as Pokémon :
Du Mu was born in Chang'an ( modern Xi'an ) into an elite family whose fortunes were declining .
Franz Augsberger was the son of a hotel owner in Vienna , then the capital of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Giulia Michelini ( Rome 2 June 1985 ) is an Italian actress of television and the cinema .
Magalys García Leliebre ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈɣalis ɣaɾˈsi.a leˈljeβɾe ) ; born 23 October 1971 in Songo -- La Maya ) is a retired Cuban heptathlete .
Alfonso Rivarola ( 1590 -- January 8 , 1640 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Ferrara , where he was born .
In 2012 , his TV show Anh Does Vietnam began airing .
Sharon Clark ( born October 15 , 1943 , in Seminole , Oklahoma ) is an American model and actress .
Tiffany Géroudet ( born 3 September 1986 in Sion , Valais ) is a Swiss épée fencer , European champion in 2011 .
Paolo Fox ( born February 7 , 1961 in Rome ) is an Italian astrologer , journalist , and television personality .
Gerhard Pfanzelter , born in 1943 in Innsbruck , is a prominent Austrian diplomat .
Johannes Maria Staud ( b. Innsbruck , 17 August 1974 ) is an Austrian composer .
Ahmed Ben Soueid ( born in Benghazi ) is a Libyan professional football player and manager .
Ty Lattimore ( born in Oakland , California ) is an American gay pornographic actor , model , escort , and director .
Florian Thorwart ( born April 20 , 1982 in Hagen ) is a German retired football player who last played for FC Schalke 04 II .
Alexander Gilmore Cochran was born in Allegheny City , Pennsylvania ( now a part of Pittsburgh ) .
Bian Jun ( simplified Chinese : 卞军 ; traditional Chinese : 卞軍 ; pinyin : Biàn Jūn ; born 15 July 1977 in Shanghai ) is a former Chinese international football player who is predominantly associated with his time at Shanghai Shenhua where he won the 1998 Chinese FA Cup .
Rudolf Zehetgruber ( born Vienna 16 September 1926 ) is an Austrian film director , screenwriter , actor and film producer .
Stuart Stockdale is an English fashion designer , born in Carlisle , Cumbria .
Jean Baptiste Mathey ( 1630 - -1696 ) was a French architect and painter born in Dijon .
Silvina Bullrich was born to María Laura Meyrelles de Bullrich and to Rafael Bullrich ( 1877 - -1944 ) , a distinguished Argentine cardiologist and Dean of the School of Medicine of the University of Buenos Aires .
Dan Kuenster ( born December 29 , 1955 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American character animator and director , who worked for Walt Disney Animation Studios and Sullivan Bluth Studios , before pursuing educational multimedia projects .
Sue Hodge ( born 4 June 1957 in Orsett , Essex ) is a British actress , best known for her role as the waitress Mimi Labonq in the BBC sitcom ' Allo ' Allo!.
Monique Noel ( born April 28 , 1967 in Salem Oregon ) is a glamour model and actress .
Archibald Sayce was born in Shirehampton , Bristol , to a family of Shropshire descent .
John Robert Boker , Jr. ( 1913 - -2003 ) , of New York City , was a philatelist who amassed some of the most prestigious collections of 19th century stamps ever seen by stamp collectors .
Ernest Yahin ( born January 9 , 1991 in Ufa ) is a Russian Nordic combined skier .
Sandie Pendleton was born in Alexandria , Virginia , the only son of Episcopal priest and future Confederate General William N. Pendleton and his wife Anzolette Elizabeth Page .
Harald Norvik ( born 21 June 1946 in Vadsø ) is a former chairman , president , and chief executive of Norwegian oil firm Statoil , a former chairman of telecommunications company Telenor and a director of ConocoPhillips .
Cameron McKenzie - McHarg ( born 17 April 1980 in Leongatha , and educated at Scotch College , Melbourne ) is an Australian rower and former Australian rules footballer .
Joseph Gryzik ( born October 10 , 1927 in Katowice , Poland ) was a U.S. soccer halfback who spent his entire career with the Chicago Eagles of the National Soccer League of Chicago .
Joan Druett was born in Nelson , and raised in Palmerston North , moving to New Zealand 's capital city , Wellington , when she was 16 .
Gustavus Sidenberg ( 22 May 1843 -- 22 January 1915 ) was a Jewish - American manufacturer and financier best known for building New York City 's Hotel Theresa , which has become a New York City landmark on the National Register of Historic Places .
Cornelia Cochrane Churchill Guest was born on 28 November 1963 , in Palm Beach , Fla. Cornelia Guest is the daughter of the late Anglo - American polo champion Winston Guest and the late socialite C.Z. Guest ( née Lucy Douglas Cochrane ) .
Abraham Joseph Balaban , known as A. J. Balaban or Abe Balaban ( April 20 , 1889 -- November 1 , 1962 ) , was a Chicago - based showman whose particular influence on popular entertainment in the early 20th century led to enormous innovations in the American movie - going experience .
Steve Mungall ( born 22 May 1958 in Bellshill ) is a former manager of Chester City who had a long playing spell with Tranmere Rovers .
Giorgos Chionidis is the son of Katerini 's mayor , Savas Chionidis .
There is no conclusive evidence , however , regarding the kinship of Yuya and Ay , although certainly , both men came from the town of Akhmim .
Noémi Kiss ( born in 1974 in Gödöllő ) is a Hungarian writer , whose works have been translated into English , German , Bulgarian , Romanian and Serbian .
Francis Moreau ( born 21 July 1965 ) is a French former professional racing cyclist from Saint - Quentin .
Peter Bircumshaw ( born 29 August 1938 in Mansfield ) is a former footballer who played as a left winger in the Football League for Notts County , Bradford City and Stockport County .
Josiah Latimer Clark ( 10 March 1822 -- 30 October 1898 ) , was an English electrical engineer , born in Great Marlow , Buckinghamshire .
Born in Pozzuoli , The Province of Naples , Campania , Riccardo Improta started his career at hometown club Puteolana .
Leopoldina Naudet was born in Florence in 1773 as the eldest daughter of Giuseppe Naudet and Susanna von Arnth ; her sister was Luisa .
Diane Schuur ( born December 10 , 1953 in Tacoma , Washington ) is an American jazz singer and pianist .
Gagik Hovunts ( born 1930 ) is an Armenian composer , born in Yerevan .
Bruce Abdoulaye ( born April 15 , 1982 in Château - Thierry ) , is a French - Congolese football player who plays for GF38 in France .
Cédric Lavanne ( born November 13 , 1980 in Pointe - à - Pitre , Guadeloupe ) is a French athlete who specialises in the 110 meter hurdles and 60 meter hurdles .
Tricia Walker was born in Ampleforth , North Yorkshire , to author Peter Walker and music school secretary , Rhoda Smith .
Mindy Marin ( born February 15 , 1960 in Greenwich , Connecticut ) is a casting director , producer , and writer based in Santa Monica , California .
Jerry D. Bailey ( born August 29 , 1957 in Dallas , Texas ) is an NBC Sports thoroughbred racing analyst and a retired American Hall of Fame jockey .
Burak Selçuk Ernak ( born August 25 , 1970 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and current head coach of Banvit .
In 1760 , James Ruse was born at Launceston , Cornwall , England on 9 August 1760 .
Thomas Rabitsch ( born 19 November 1956 in Vienna ) is an Austrian keyboardist and record producer .
Thomas Füri ( born 22 July 1947 in Bern ) is a Swiss violin player , and a teacher at the Hochschule für Musik Basel .
Ramazan Çevik ( born 1 April 1992 in Maaseik ) is a Belgian professional footballer of Turkish descent who last played as a winger for Antalyaspor .
Grzegorz Filipowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ filiˈpɔfski ) ; born July 28 , 1966 in Łódź ) is a former Polish figure skater .
Kim Barnes ( born 1958 Lewiston , Idaho ) is a contemporary American author of fiction , memoir , and personal essays .
Rodrigo Oliveira Lindoso known as Rodrigo Lindoso , ( born 6 June 1989 in São Luís , Maranhão ) is a Brazilian professional footballer , who plays as a Midfielder for Botafogo .
Riff Cohen was born in Tel Aviv to a Tunisian - Jewish father and an Algerian - French - Jewish mother and grew up in the Ramat Aviv Gimmel neighborhood .
Andrew Pyper ( born January 4 , 1968 in Stratford , Ontario ) is a prize - winning Canadian author .
Guido Vincenzi ( born July 14 , 1932 in Quistello , Mantova ; died August 14 , 1997 ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player .
Daniel Bulls ( born August 30 , 1986 in Millersville , Maryland ) is a former American soccer player , who currently works as Head coach of the Arundel Soccer Association .
Sotiris Kouvelas ( Greek : Σωτήρης Κούβελας ; born May 26 , 1936 , Amaliada ) is a Greek politician .
Marko Naberšnik ( born 1973 in Maribor ) is a Slovenian director of TV and film who might still be best known for his first film , Rooster 's Breakfast .
Karim Masroor ( Persian : کریم مسرور‎ born in 1955 , Mashhad ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Jeremie was born to John Jeremie , a barrister , on the British island of Guernsey in 1795 .
Amy Sue Cooper ( born in Lincoln , Nebraska ) is an American adult model .
Born in Albany , New York on April 17 , 1849 , while his father was serving as Governor , Hamilton Fish II was the son of Julia Ursin Niemcewicz Kean and Hamilton Fish .
Frank Caplan was born in Kingston upon Hull , England , on June 10 , 1911 , to Russian Jewish parents .
Jaap ter Linden ( born 10 April 1947 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch cellist , viol player and conductor .
Kelley Deal was born in Dayton , Ohio , United States , 11 minutes before her sister .
Giampaolo Pozzo ( born 21 May 1941 in Udine ) is an Italian businessman .
Born in New York City , Lester Cole began his career as an actor but soon turned to screenwriting .
Stephen Carson ( born 6 October 1980 in Ballymoney , County Antrim ) is a Northern Irish footballer , currently playing for Coleraine FC in the NIFL Premiership .
Dave Sarachan ( born June 7 , 1954 in Rochester , New York ) is a former U.S. soccer coach and player .
Nelson Quan ( Chinese : 关景元 , born October 14 , 1984 , Houston , Texas , USA ) is a Chinese - American film editor , director and producer .
Behzad Ranjbaran ( born 1955 , in Tehran ) is a Persian composer .
René Haselbacher ( born September 15 , 1977 in Vienna ) is an Austrian retired professional road bicycle racer .
Shri Subodh Kant Sahay was born in Latehar,(Jharkhand ) to Shri .
Herman Bank was born in Vineland , New Jersey to Russian - Jewish immigrants Sophie and Max Bank .
Ibrahim Rojas Blanco ( born October 10 , 1975 in Santa Cruz del Sur , Camagüey ) is a Cuban sprint canoer who competed from the late 1990s to the mid-2000s .
Leo Huberman ( October 17 , 1903 in Newark , New Jersey -- November 9 , 1968 ) was an American socialist writer .
Tijani Babangida ( born 25 September 1973 in Kaduna ) is a retired Nigerian footballer , who played as a winger .
Wolfgang Reinhold was born the eldest of five children in Friedrichshagen on the north side of Berlin .
Georgi Markov was born on 1 March 1929 , in Knyazhevo , a Sofia neighbourhood .
Sonia Grey is the stage name of Sonia Colone , an Italian actress and television presenter also known as Maria Michela Mari ( Rho , 30 August 1968 ) .
Nikolay Bogolyubov was born on 21 August 1909 in Nizhny Novgorod , Russian Empire to Russian Orthodox Church priest and seminary teacher of theology , psychology and philosophy Nikolay Mikhaylovich Bogolyubov , and Olga Nikolayevna Bogolyubova , a teacher of music .
Matias Kupiainen ( born 11 May 1983 in Helsinki ) is a Finnish guitarist , songwriter and record producer .
Jocenir Alves ( born February 14 , 1989 in Caçapava do Sul ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Canadian Soccer Club in the Uruguayan Segunda División Amateur .
Dmitry Yablonsky was born in Moscow into a musical family , his mother is famed pianist Oxana Yablonskaya and his father is Albert Zaionz , who has been solo oboe of the Radio and Television orchestra in Moscow for 30 years .
Stephanie Izard was born in the Chicago suburb of Evanston , Illinois and grew up in Stamford , Connecticut , where she developed an interest in food from her parents .
Ahney Her was born and raised in Lansing , Michigan , where she had completed high school at Sexton High School when cast for Gran Torino .
Telesio Interlandi ( born 20 October 1894 in Chiaramonte Gulfi - died 15 January 1965 ) was an Italian journalist and propagandist .
Frédéric Iriarte , born in 1963 in Paris , is a contemporary plastic artist .
Tufan Özbozkurt ( Utrecht , 20 March 1993 ) is a Turkish - Dutch professional football player who currently plays for Anadolu Selçukspor , on loan from Konyaspor .
Ömer Közen ( born 21 August 1981 in Istanbul ) , is a Turkish footballer .
Verma Malik ( Hindi : वर्मा मलिक ) ( 13 April 1925 , in Ferozepur -- 15 March 2009 , in Juhu ) was a Bollywood lyricist .
Lyman Bostock , Jr. was born in Birmingham , Alabama , the son of Annie Pearl Bostock and Lyman Bostock , Sr . ( 1918 - -2005 ) , a Negro Leagues professional baseball star from 1938 to 1954 as a first baseman .
Tatsuya Ishikawa ( 石川 竜也 , born December 25 , 1979 in Fujieda , Shizuoka ) is a Japanese football player .
Jan Penc ( born 31 January 1982 ) is a professional Czech football player , who currently plays for Bohemians Prague .
Charles Rudolph Walgreen Jr. ( March 4 , 1906 -- February 10 , 2007 ) was born in Chicago , Illinois to Charles Rudolph Walgreen , the founder of the Walgreens drug store , and Myrtle Norton Walgreen .
Upton Sheredine ( 1740 -- January 14 , 1800 ) was an American jurist and statesman from Baltimore , Maryland .
Paul Accola ( born February 20 , 1967 in Davos ) is a Swiss former Alpine skier .
Allan Davis Winans ( born January 12 , 1936 in San Francisco , California ) , known as A. D. Winans , is an American poet , essayist , short story writer and publisher .
Ludmila Formanová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈludmɪla ˈformanovaː ) ) ( born January 2 , 1974 in Čáslav ) is a former Czech middle - distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Adolfino Cañete Azcurra ( born 13 September 1956 in Asunción ) is a retired professional Paraguayan footballer .
Michael Urbano ( born March 19 , 1960 in Sacramento , California , USA ) is a studio drummer , band member , programmer , and record producer .
Marianne Beth ( born 1889 , Vienna - died 1984 , New York ) was a Jewish Austrian lawyer and feminist .
Jaques Morelenbaum ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʒakiz moɾelẽˈbaw̃ ) , Rio de Janeiro , May 18 , 1954 ) is a Brazilian instrumentalist , arranger , conductor , composer and music producer .
Mariusz Hermanowicz was born in 1950 Olsztyn , Poland , in the family which has been moved there from Wilno today 's Vilnius under the Yalta agreements adjoining this part of historic Lithuania and populated mainly by the Polish population , to the Soviet Union .
Balázs Zamostny ( born 31 January 1992 in Pécs ) is a Hungarian Forward who currently plays for Szombathelyi Haladás on loan from Újpest FC .
Leicester King ( born in Suffield , Connecticut , May 1 , 1789-September 19 , 1856 ) was a 19th - century businessman , judge , and state senator in the Ohio State Assembly .
Paul Goodman was born to Augusta and Barnette Goodman , Americans of German , Jewish , and middle - class heritage , on September 9 , 1911 in New York City .
Oliver Dillon ( born 11 April 1998 ) in London , is an English child actor .
Ivan Ahčin ( March 9 , 1897 , Domžale -- February 16 , 1960 ) was a Slovene sociologist , journalist , author and politician .
Gerwin van der Werf ( born June 13 , 1969 in De Meern ) is a Dutch author of novels , songwriter and instrumentalist .
Ben Gu ( name in Chinese order : Gu Ben ; simplified Chinese : 顾犇 ; traditional Chinese : 顧犇 or 頋犇 ; Pinyin : Gù Bēn ; born in Shanghai , China , in December 1961 ) is a librarian , translator and library science researcher .
Rutger Smith ( born July 9 , 1981 in Groningen ) is a Dutch track and field athlete competing in the shot put and discus throw .
Dante Troisi was born in Tufo , a small town in the Province of Avellino , on April 21 , 1920 .
Louis Kotra Uregei ( born February 4 , 1951 in Nouméa ) is a New Caledonian syndicalist and politician .
Christopher Ericson is a Dominica professional manager .
Oskari Frösén ( born 24 January 1976 in Kristinestad ) is a Finnish high jumper , who won a total of five national titles in the men 's high jump event .
Ronald Virgil Pelosi , known as Ron Pelosi , ( born 1934 ) is an American businessman and public figure in San Francisco , California .
John Pendry was born in Manchester , where his father was an oil representative , and took a degree in Natural Sciences at the University of Cambridge after which he was appointed as a research fellow at Downing College , Cambridge , between 1969 and 1975 .
Pamela Z ( born 1956 , in Buffalo , New York ) is an American composer , performer , and media artist of African descent who is best known for her solo works for voice with electronic processing .
Jimmy Cabot ( born 18 April 1994 in Chambéry , France ) is a French footballer who plays as a winger .
Michel Trinquier is a French painter who was born the 12 October 1931 in Avignon .
Edward Dobson was born in London , probably in 1816 or 1817 .
General Fritz Thiele ( April 14 , 1894 -- September 4 , 1944 ) was a member of the German resistance who served as the communications chief of the German Army during World War II . Thiele was born in Berlin and joined the Imperial Army in 1914 .
Leerom Segal ( born April 19 , 1979 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is a Canadian entrepreneur , humanitarian , and philanthropist .
Franz Penzoldt ( December 12 , 1849 -- September 19 , 1927 ) was a German internist and pharmacologist born in Crispendorf , Thuringia .
Roger Welch was born in Westfield , New Jersey in 1946 and graduated from Westfield High School in 1964 .
Mihajlo Vujačić ( Cyrillic : Mиxajлo Bуjaчић , born 8 April 1973 in Titograd , current Podgorica ) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player .
João Callegaro is a Brazilian filmmaker born on September 21 , 1945 in Joaçaba ( Santa Catarina ) .
Haim Cohn was born in Lübeck , Germany in 1911 to a religious family .
Hans Peter Stihl ( born 18 April 1932 in Stuttgart ) is a German industrialist who was head of Stihl from 1973 to 2002 .
Emerenz Meier was the daughter of Emerenz Meier , née Raab , and the farmer , livestock dealer and innkeeper Josef Meier in Schiefweg at Waldkirchen , Lower Bavaria .
Corrado Fantini ( born 7 February 1967 in Fidenza ) is an Italian shot putter .
Emmanuel Logroño ( born November 1 , 1951 , in Brooklyn , New York ) , better known as Sunshine Logroño is a Puerto Rican actor , radio announcer , television show host , singer , comedy writer , entrepreneur and comedian .
George Li was born on August 24 , 1995 , in Boston , Massachusetts , to parents from the People 's Republic of China .
Sarah Kuttner ( born 29 January 1979 ) is a German presenter and author from Berlin .
Garry Hay ( born 7 September 1977 in Irvine , North Ayrshire ) is a Scottish former professional footballer , who played in over 300 Scottish Premier League games for Kilmarnock .
Paul G. Hewitt is an American physicist , former boxer , uranium prospector , author , and cartoonist born in Saugus , Massachusetts in 1931 .
Ciarán Ó Lionáird ( born 11 April 1988 ) is an Irish runner from Cork .
Daniela Nardini ( born 26 April 1968 , Largs ) is a Scottish actress of Italian ancestry , who played Anna Forbes in the BBC Two television series This Life .
Born in Charleston , West Virginia , Brad Diller is the second of four kids .
Born in Tehran , Iran , Ashkan Sahihi moved with his family to West Germany at the age of seven .
Mohamed Ali Gharzoul ( Arabic : محمد علي الغرزول‎ , born December 14 , 1985 in Tarbes ) is a French - born Tunisian professional footballer .
Ute Bock ( born 1942 in Linz ) , is an Austrian educator who got known for her projects helping asylum seekers .
Michel Herr ( born 16 February 1949 , Brussels ) is a Belgian pianist , composer and arranger active in the fields of jazz and film music .
William Holmes McGuffey was born the son of Alexander and Anna ( Holmes ) McGuffey near Claysville in West Finley Township , Washington County , Pennsylvania , which is 45 miles southwest of Pittsburgh .
Giorgi Iluridze ( Georgian : გიორგი ილურიძე ; born 20 February 1992 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian footballer , playing for SKA - Energiya Khabarovsk .
Born in Paris , as a young man Jacques de Mahieu was influenced by authors such as Georges Sorel , Charles Maurras , and Alexis Carrel and joined the Action Française .
Enzo Carella ( Rome , 8 January 1952 ) is an Italian singer - songwriter .
Jason McKay ( born 11 October 1977 in Craigavon , Northern Ireland ) is a professional boxer from Banbridge , County Down , fighting out of Belfast .
Viera Scheibner ( Slovak : Viera Scheibnerová ; born 27 March 1935 , Bratislava ) is a retired micropaleontologist .
Chuck Hull was born on May 12 , 1939 in Clifton , Colorado , the son of Lester and Esther Hull .
Olivier Bonnaire ( born March 2 , 1983 in Le Quesnoy ) is a French road bicycle racer who last rode professionally for UCI Professional Continental team FDJ .
Born in Naples , the son of artist Eduoardo Matania , Fortunino Matania studied at his father 's studio , designing a soap advertisement at the age of 9 and exhibiting his first work at Naples Academy at 11 .
Denisa Rosolová , née Ščerbová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈdɛnɪsa ˈrosolovaː ˈʃtʃɛrbovaː ) ) ( born August 21 , 1986 in Karviná , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech athlete who has won medals at the European Championships and European Indoor Championships .
Charles Servizio ( born September 5 , 1950 , in Lynn , Massachusetts ) is a retired teacher best known for setting a world record in push - ups : 46,001 pushups in 24 hours .
Aaron Abrams ( born 12 May 1978 , Toronto ) is a Canadian actor and writer , who has worked in both film and television .
Jeremias Drexel was born in Augsburg and was raised as Lutheran .
Dariya Derkach ( born 27 March 1993 in Vinnytsia ) is an Italian long jumper and triple jumper .
Attila Doğudan ( born 1959 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish and Austrian businessman , CEO of the Vienna - based Do & Co catering company .
Hynek Kmoníček ( born October 22 , 1962 in Pardubice ) is a Czech career diplomat and one of the most prominent political voices of the Czech Republic .
Úrsula Ruiz Pérez ( born 11 August 1983 , Lorca , Región de Murcia ) is a Spanish athlete .
Sašo Lazarevski ( Macedonian : Сашо Лазаревски ) ( born 24 March 1978 in Bitola ) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Mladost Carev Dvor in Second Macedonian Football League .
Lawrence Haffner ( later Yehuda Avner ) was born in Manchester , England in 1928 .
Darcy Dolce Neto , or simply Neto ( born February 7 , 1981 in São José do Rio Preto ) , is a Brazilian football right - back .
Ada Hitchins was born on 26 June 1891 in Tavistock , Devon , England , the daughter of William Hedley Hitchins , a supervisor of customs and excise .
Bernadett Baczkó ( born January 8 , 1986 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian judoka , who played for the lightweight category .
Michael Jeffrey ( born 11 August 1971 in Liverpool , Merseyside ) is a former football player , whose career lasted from 1989 to 2002 .
Niels van Gogh ( born 1977 ) is a German DJ and producer from Augsburg .
Born in Guarulhos , São Paulo , Matheus Sales joined Palmeiras ' youth setup in 2009 , after being approved in a trial .
David Troughton ( born 9 June 1950 , Hampstead , London ) is an English actor , known for his Shakespearean roles on the British stage and for his many roles on British television , including Dr Bob Buzzard in A Very Peculiar Practice and Ricky Hansen in New Tricks .
Nilüfer Örer ( born July 13 , 1976 in Schweinfurt , Germany ) is a Turkish pop star .
Brandy Alexandre ( b. July 17 , 1964 , Huntington Beach , California , U.S. ) is the stage name of a former American adult actress .
Edward Anhalt ( March 28 , 1914 in New York City -- September 3 , 2000 in Pacific Palisades , California ) was a noted screenwriter , producer , and documentary film - maker .
María Cristina Rubio Ponce de León ( known as Maricris Rubio , born 1978 in Trujillo ) is a Peruvian model .
Von Schneideau was born in Ljungby , Kalmar County , Sweden 1893 , with the name Bror Christian Valdemar Von Schneidau , but went by the shortened Christian von Schneidau .
Renate Aichinger ( born 28 November 1976 in Salzburg ) is an Austrian playwright and theatre director .
Gal Levy ( Hebrew : גל לוי‎ ; born 19 November 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan .
Mike Malinin was born October 10 , 1967 , in Washington , D.C. , the youngest of four children .
Davor Bagarić ( born 8 September 1985 in Osijek ) is a Croatian football left back / wing .
Robert Clare ( born 28 February 1983 in Belper , Derbyshire ) is an English former professional football player .
Liminha ( born Arnolpho Lima Filho in 1951 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian musician and producer .
Mate Ghvinianidze ( Georgian : მათე ღვინიანიძე , born 10 December 1986 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian footballer .
Bromstad was born the youngest of four children to Diane Marlys Bromstad ( Krueger ) and Richard Harold David Bromstad in Cokato , Minnesota .
Avigdor Eskin was born in 1960 to a secular Jewish family in Moscow .
Jon Hensley ( born August 26 , 1965 , in Browns Mills , New Jersey ) is an American actor , singer and songwriter , who portrayed Dr. Meade on The Bold and the Beautiful from 2012 to 2013 .
Sir Charles William Hayward , CBE ( 3 September 1892 - 3 February 1983 ) was a Wolverhampton - born entrepreneur and philanthropist .
Nathan Elasi ( born 18 November 1989 in Sydney ) is an Australian footballer who plays for APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC in the NSW National Premier Leagues Mens 1 .
Jerome Mazzaro ( born November 25 , 1934 Detroit , Michigan ) was an American editor , and poet .
Pari Khan Khanum was born as the second daughter of the Safavid king Tahmasp I by his Circassian wife Sultan - Agha Khanum in August 1548 at Ahar .
Michael Boatman was born in Colorado Springs , Colorado , the son of Gwendolyn Boatman Pugh , a job supervisor for the handicapped , and Daniel Boatman , an army officer .
James Vincent Sheean ( December 5 , 1899 , Pana , Illinois -- March 16 , 1975 , Arolo , Frz . of Leggiuno , Italy ) was an American journalist and novelist .
Xing Yu or Shi Xing Yu aka Shi Yanneng ( or Shi Yan Neng ) is a 32nd generation Shaolin monk born on December 27 , 1978 in Zhangqiu , Shandong .
Giovanni Tegano ( born 8 November 1939 , in Reggio Calabria ) is an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta , the Calabrian mafia .
In 1853 , a monument to Berthold Schwarz was erected in Freiburg i m Breisgau , Germany .
William Bury Westall ( 7 February 1834 -- 1903 ) was an English novelist born in Old Accrington , Lancashire , England .
Erv Kanemoto ( born May 7 , 1943 in Utah ) is an American former World Champion motorcycle mechanic and motorcycle race team owner .
Evhen Tsybulenko ( Ukrainian : Євген Цибуленко ) ( born 21 October 1972 in Simferopol , Ukraine ) is an Estonian legal scholar of Ukrainian descent .
András Gerevich ( born 1976 in Budapest ) poet , screenwriter and literary translator .
Born in Launceston , Tasmania on 19 December 1974 , Ricky Ponting is the eldest of Graeme and Lorraine Ponting 's four children .
Kemper Goodwin ( April 28 , 1906 -- December 24 , 1997 ) was a noted architect from Tempe , Arizona .
Bigram John Zayas ( born July 11 , 1978 ) , professionally known as DVLP or Develop , is an American record producer , songwriter and disc jockey ( DJ ) , from New York City .
Marie - Thérèse Bruguière ( born 26 October 1942 ) in Mauguio , Hérault , is a French politician , and retired hospital administrator .
Travis Webb ( October 8 , 1910 - -January 27 , 1990 ) , nicknamed `` Spider '' , was an American racecar driver from Joplin , Missouri .
Bertrand de Billy ( born Paris , 11 January 1965 ) is a French conductor .
Best known as Roberta Leigh , she was born Rita Shulman in London to sometimes - poor Jewish parents who had emigrated from Russia .
William Barlum Thompson ( March 10 , 1860 -- February 12 , 1941 ) was the Mayor of Detroit from 1907 to 1908 and again from 1911 to 1912 .
Joseph Rosendo ( born September 20 , 1946 , Miami , Florida ) is an American travel journalist , broadcaster , television personality and public speaker .
Marcelo Brozović ( born 16 November 1992 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Internazionale , on loan from Dinamo Zagreb .
Jozef Majoroš ( pronounced Mayorosh ) ( born 19 March 1970 in Geča near Košice ) is a former Slovak footballer and former head coach of TJ Iskra Borčice .
Sivaya Subramuniyaswami ( January 5 , 1927 -- November 12 , 2001 ) , also known as Gurudeva by his followers , was born in Oakland , California and adopted Saivism as a young man .
Ismaël Koudou ( born 27 September 1975 in Ouagadougou ) is a retired Burkinabé football ( soccer ) striker .
Gaël Germany ( born 10 May 1983 in Sainte - Marie ) is a Martiniquais international footballer who currently plays for Samaritaine as a midfielder .
Marco Djuricin ( born 12 December 1992 in Vienna ) is an Austrian football striker who plays for Brentford , on loan from Red Bull Salzburg .
Alladi Ramakrishnan ( 9 August 1923 -- 7 June 2008 ) was an Indian physicist and the founder of the Institute of Mathematical Sciences ( Matscience ) in Chennai .
Felix R. de Zoysa is the founding Chairman of Stafford Motor Company , Stafford International School and Atlas Hall in Sri Lanka .
Richard Daniel Roman ( born 16 March 1965 , Kings Cross , London ) is a British songwriter and record producer best known for his work with pop musicians .
Qory Sandioriva ( born in Jakarta , August 17 , 1991 ) , is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder .
Andrei Sergeyevich Semyonov ( Russian : Андрей Серге́евич Семёнов ; born March 24 , 1989 in Moscow ) is a Russian professional football player .
Salil Chowdhury was born on 19 November 1923 in a village called Harinavi in West Bengal .
Marin Prpić ( born 8 December 1976 in Rijeka ) is a retired Croatian football player who played for Orijent , Zadar , Pomorac and Rijeka in the Croatian First Football League .
Michael Kutza ( born 1942 ) is an award - winning filmmaker , a graphic designer and the founder of the Chicago International Film Festival .
Keong Sim is a Korean American from Chicago .
Stefan Stannarius ( born 20 October 1961 in Gräfenthal , Thuringia ) was an East German ski jumper who competed from 1982 to 1984 .
Gabriel Batistuta was born on 1 February 1969 , to slaughterhouse worker Omar Batistuta and school secretary Gloria Zilli , in the town of Avellaneda , province of Santa Fe , Argentina , but grew up in the near city of Reconquista .
Archer Butler Hulbert , FRGS ( 26 Jan 1873 -- 24 Dec 1933 ) , historical geographer , writer , and professor of American history , son of Rev. Calvin Butler Hulbert and Mary Elizabeth Woodward , was born in Bennington , Vermont .
Cameron Ansell ( born November 28 , 1992 in Picton , Ontario ) is a Canadian voice actor , best known for voicing Arthur in the television series of the same name , Cheng in Skyland , and Prince Lumen in Spider Riders .
Karin Thürig ( born July 4 , 1972 in Rothenburg ) is a Swiss professional racing cyclist and triathlete .
Marvyn Wilson ( born 1 December 1973 in Bellshill ) , is a Scottish football midfielder currently assistant manager of top junior side Linlithgow Rose .
Gary Clement ( born July 1959 ) is a Canadian artist , illustrator and writer living in Toronto , Ontario .
Born in a township near Krugersdorp , Sipho Sepamla lived most of his life in Soweto .
Brendan Place ( born 13 December 1965 in Dublin ) , is an Irish former professional football player and manager .
Claude Raffestin ( born 15 September 1936 in Paris ) is a Swiss geographer .
Charles Duguid was born at Eglinton Street in Saltcoats , Ayrshire , the son of Charles Duguid , a teacher , and Jane Snodgrass Kinnier , daughter of Robert S Kinnier , a surgeon , sister of Captain Douglas Reid Kinnier .
Barry Morrison , ( born 8 May 1980 in Bellshill , Scotland ) is a Scottish professional boxer who fights in the light welterweight division .
Gisbert zu Knyphausen ( April 23 , 1979 in Wiesbaden . His full name is Gisbert Wilhelm Enno Freiherr zu Innhausen und Knyphausen ) is a German singer - songwriter from the Rheingau in Hesse .
Adesola Osakalumi ( born in The Bronx , New York ) is an award - winning American actor , choreographer , singer , and dancer whose talents have garnered him successes in film , television , and stage .
Hon Sui Sen ( Chinese : 韩瑞生 ; pinyin : Hán Ruìshēng ; 1916 - 1983 ) was born in Penang in the British Straits Settlements .
Jaymee Joaquin ( born as Jaymee Geronimo Topacio in San Juan , Metro Manila on July 27 , 1984 ) is a Filipina actress , model , and host .
Michael McGinlay ( born in Bolton , 10 December 1987 ) is a professional footballer .
Ann Maxwell ( b. on April 5 , 1944 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) , also known as A.E. Maxwell and Elizabeth Lowell , has individually , and with co - author and husband Evan , written over 50 novels and one non - fiction book .
Christophe Lavainne ( born 22 December 1963 in Châteaudun , Eure - et - Loir ) was a French professional bicycle racer .
Kzy ( born June 26 , 1986 in Ebetsu , Hokkaido , Japan ) is a Japanese wrestler for Dragon Gate .
Vagner Pereira Costa ( born 1 June 1987 in Ourinhos ) is a Brazilian footballer whose last known club was Associação Esportiva Santacruzense .
Elena Altsjoel ( also Altshul , Altchul or Altchoul ; Belarusian : Алена Барысаўна Альтшуль , born 4 April 1964 in Minsk , Belarusian SSR ) was the Women 's World Draughts Champion in 1980 and from 1982 to 1985 .
André Buzin ( born 1946 in Dinant ) is a Belgian artist who paints animals and flowers .
Alberto Teisaire was born in 1891 to Clementina Cejas and Eduardo Teisaire , in Mendoza , Argentina .
Götz Schulze ( born 8 October 1964 in Karlsruhe ) is a German jurist and judge .
Immy Humes was born in New York City , one of four daughters born to Anna Lou Elianoff and writer Harold L. Humes , co - founder of The Paris Review .
Zaur Tagizade ( Azerbaijani : Zaur Tağızadə , born on 21 February 1979 in Baku , Soviet Union ) is a retired Azerbaijani footballer .
Nino Burjanadze was born in Kutaisi , then - Soviet Georgia .
Matthew Richter ( born April 9 , 1968 in New York City ) is an American author , producer , performer , and arts entrepreneur living in Seattle , Washington .
Radanfah Abu Bakr ( born 12 February 1987 in Port of Spain ) is a Trinidadian professional footballer who plays for HB Køge in the Danish 1st Division .
Born in Vratsa , Valentin Stanchev played in his career for Botev Vratsa , Chernomorets Burgas , Spartak Varna , Shanghai Shenhua , CSKA Sofia , Sachsen Leipzig and Cherno More Varna .
Jerry Naylor Jackson was born in Chalk Mountain , Texas to a great depression farming family .
Thomas Larcher ( born 16 September 1963 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian composer and pianist .
Matthew Finlason ( born on March 29 , 1975 in Mandeville , Jamaica ) is a designer , art director , and producer of film and television projects .
Regina Guimarães ( born 1957 , in Porto ) , also known as Corbe , is a Portuguese poet , playwright , stage director and lyricist .
Mark Andrus , born December 13 , 1955 in Los Angeles , is an American screenwriter .
Speros Vryonis Jr. ( Greek : Σπυρίδων `` Σπύρος '' Βρυώνης , born July 18 , 1928 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is an American historian of Greek descent and a specialist in Byzantine , Balkan , and Greek history .
James Ramsay Hunt ( 1872 in Philadelphia -- July 22 , 1937 in Katonah , New York ) was an American neurologist .
Roberto Fonseca ( born 1975 , Havana ) is a Cuban jazz pianist .
Yuki Kushida is an English - speaking actress and teacher of Japanese origin living and working in England as a language teacher at Chatham Grammar School for Boys .
Nenad Studen ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Студен , born 4 February 1979 in Banja Luka ) is a professional Bosnian Serb footballer playing with FK Krupa .
Gloria Alexandra was born and raised in Lima , Peru and relocated to the USA , at 21 .
Sheldon Parkinson ( born March 8 , 1990 in Montego Bay , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican - American footballer who currently plays for Phoenix FC in the USL Professional Division .
James Leroy Bondsteel was born in Jackson , Michigan to Betty Jean Daisy and her fiancee , Kenneth Bondsteel .
Abdelnasser Ouadah ( Arabic : عبدالناصر عوادة‎ ; born September 13 , 1975 in Forbach , France ) is an Algerian former international footballer .
Frances White ( born 1 November 1938 , Leeds ) is a British actress , perhaps best known for her roles as Kate Hamilton in Crossroads and as Miss Flood in the BBC sitcom May to December .
Daryl van Mieghem ( born 5 December 1989 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for Excelsior in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Aert van der Goes was born in Delft , and was a lawyer and pensionary of Delft from 1508 - -1525 .
Queen Munjeong ( Hangul : 문정왕후 , Hanja : 文定王后 ) ( 1 February 1502 -- 29 December 1565 ) was the wife of King Jungjong of Joseon .
Duke Charles Frederick Augustus of Mecklenburg was born in Hanover where his father Duke Charles of Mecklenburg was the governor .
Sadullah Güney also known as Ali Sadullah Bey ( Galata , 1883 -- June 18 , 1945 ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and of the Turkish Army .
Israel Dostrovsky was born in Odessa , the former USSR , in 1918 and immigrated to Eretz - Israel as a baby with his parents in 1919 , aboard the ship `` Ruslan '' .
Jamey Aebersold ( born July 21 , 1939 in New Albany , Indiana ) is an American jazz saxophonist and music educator .
Frank Schröder ( born 6 March 1962 in Altenburg ) was an East German cross country skier who competed in the early 1980s .
Quanah Parker 's mother , Cynthia Ann Parker ( born c. 1827 ) , was a member of the large Parker frontier family that settled in east Texas in the 1830s .
Kenan Görgün ( born April 18 , 1977 ) is a Belgian writer of Turkish origin , born in Ghent .
Greg Edmonson grew up in Dallas , Texas and played the guitar as a youth .
Brent Brockman ( born March 5 , 1988 in Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American professional soccer player who last played for F.C. New York .
Dina Pugliese is a Canadian television personality , currently the co - host of City Toronto 's Breakfast Television Toronto alongside Kevin Frankish .
Gerhard Cyliax ( born 23 August 1934 in Dortmund ; died 17 May 2008 ) was a German footballer who played as a defender for Borussia Dortmund .
Gareth Waite ( born 16 February 1986 in Stockton - on - Tees ) is an English footballer who is unattached after he was released by Darlington .
Bengt Frithiofsson ( born August 25 , 1939 in Landskrona ) is a Swedish wine writer .
Morris Weiss was born in 1915 Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and grew up in New York City , New York , where he studied sign - painting as a vocational elective in high school .
Runner up 1989 - -90 with Middlesbrough Middlesbrough fans used to sing `` He 's fat , he 's round , he 's worth a million pounds , Owen McGee !
Born as Elsie Evelyn Lay in Bloomsbury , London , and known professionally as Evelyn Laye , and informally as Boo .
Vojta Beneš was born in Kožlany , Bohemia , then a province of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Felix Hollenstein began his career in the EHC Bülach , for which he played until 1985 .
Zoltán Zubornyák ( born 9 September 1961 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian actor , culture manager , theatre manager , director , volunteer , art director .
Oleg Pantyukhov was born in Kiev to a family of a military physician and an anthropologist .
Amina Aït Hammou ( Arabic : أمينة أيت حمو‎ ; born 18 July 1978 in Kenitra ) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 800 metres .
Brian Scolaro was born October 18 , 1973 in Bay Ridge , Brooklyn and went to Archbishop Molloy High School in Jamaica , Queens where he appeared as a lead in the school 's theatre productions of No Time for Sergeants , Room Service , 12 Angry Men and Arsenic and Old Lace .
Cevdet Kılıçlar ( 5 May 1972 -- 31 May 2010 ) was a Turkish journalist and photographer from Kayseri .
Joe Spano was a member of the San Francisco improv group The Wing , and in college debuted as Paris in a production of Romeo and Juliet in 1967 .
Lisa Bradley ( born 1951 in Columbus , Ohio ) is an American artist who has been exhibiting for over thirty years at galleries and museums in New York , Washington , D.C. , Los Angeles , San Francisco , Chicago , Boston , Paris , Helsinki , Tokyo , Brussels and Dakar .
The second of five children born to John Wordsworth and Ann Cookson , William Wordsworth was born on 7 April 1770 in Wordsworth House in Cockermouth , Cumberland , part of the scenic region in northwestern England known as the Lake District .
Isaac ben Jacob Benjacob ( January 10 , 1801 , Ramygala -- July 2 , 1863 , Vilnius ) was a Jewish - Russian bibliographer , author , and publisher .
Gerrianne Raphael was born in New York City on February 23 to Sidney , a concert pianist and Evelyn Raphael .
Jimmy Destri ( born James Mollica , April 13 , 1954 , Brooklyn , New York City , United States ) is an American musician .
Ilija Ivić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Илиja Ивић , born 17 February 1971 in Zrenjanin ) is a retired Serbian footballer .
Wilfred Adey ( born 1909 in Featherstone , England ) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Barnsley , Carlisle United and Sheffield United .
August von Platen was born on 24 October 1796 at Ansbach , the son of the Oberforstmeister ( a senior public servant ) of that state , Count Philipp August von Platen - Hallermünde , by second wife Baroness Christiane Eichler von Auriz .
Bir Singh Mahato ( born 14 September 1945 ) is an Indian politician and was a MP representing the Purulia ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in West Bengal .
Bülent Akın ( born 28 August 1978 in Brussels ) is a Belgian - born Turkish former footballer .
Giovanni Antonio Pandolfi Mealli ( Montepulciano , Tuscany , c. 1630 -- Madrid , c. 1669/1670 ) was an Italian composer and violinist .
Elizabeth Kenny was born in Warialda , New South Wales , in 1880 or 1886 , the daughter of Mary ( née Moore ) , a native Australian , and Michael Kenny , a farmer from Ireland .
Jorie Graham was born in New York City in 1950 to Curtis Bill Pepper , a war correspondent and the head of the Rome bureau for Newsweek magazine , and the sculptor Beverly Stoll Pepper .
Ryan Cruthers ( born July 4 , 1984 , in Farmingdale , New York ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
Sandy Sidhu is a Canadian film and television actress based in Vancouver , British Columbia .
`` La Belle Châteauneuf '' was the name popularly given to Renée de Rieux , daughter of Jean de Rieux , seigneur de Châteauneuf , who was descended from one of the greatest families of Brittany .
Dr. Agyenim Boateng is from Atimatim- Kumasi , Efigya - Kwabre District and belongs to the Ekuona clan of the Ashanti .
Born in Rio de Janeiro , Nelinho started his career at local club Olaria , but signed his first professional contract with América .
Publius Quinctilius Varus ( 46 BC Cremona , Roman Republic -- Sept. 9 AD near Kalkriese , Germany ) was a Roman general and politician under the first Roman emperor Augustus .
Mark Page ( born in Middlesbrough ) is an English Radio Presenter and announcer .
P. Ramlee was born in his grandmother 's house at 40A Counter Hall in Penang , Malaysia on the first day of the Eid festival , which fell on 22 March 1929 .
Born in Wantage in 1911 , Edward Cawston was educated at Lancing College and Cambridge University .
Wojciech Sawicki ( born 20 March 1955 in Warsaw ) heads the secretariat of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) , a body bringing together 324 parliamentarians from the national parliaments of the 47 Council of Europe member states .
Zdenko Jedvaj ( born 13 January 1966 in Mostar ) is a retired Bosnian player who played for several Croatian , Bosnian and Austrian clubs .
Juan Pablo Compagnucci ( born 18 November 1986 , in Monte Buey ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Sarmiento Leones .
Matteo Becucci ( born in Livorno on 4 August 1970 ) is an Italian pop singer and musician , best known for winning the second series of the Italian X Factor television series in 2009 .
Ludwika Wawrzyńska ( Polish pronunciation : ( ludˈvʲika vavˈʐɨɲska ) ; 1908 - 1955 ) was a Polish teacher who worked at an elementary school in Warsaw .
Betsy Heimann ( sometimes credited as Betsy Faith Heimann ) was born in Chicago , Illinois and is a costume designer in Hollywood .
Parshvanatha was born on the tenth day of the dark half of the month of Paush to King Asvasena and Queen Vama of Benaras ( now Varanasi ) .
Julian Palmieri ( born 7 December 1986 in Lyon ) is a French professional football player who plays for French club SC Bastia in Ligue 1 .
Philip Reese Uhler ( 3 June 1835 , Baltimore - 21 October 1913 ) was an American librarian and entomologist who specialised in Heteroptera .
Grigoris Papazaharias ( Greek : Γρηγόρης Παπαζαχαρίας ) ( born 20 March 1985 in Epanomi ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Paralimni .
James George Needham ( March 16 , 1868 , Virginia , Illinois- 1957 ) was an American entomologist After studying with John Henry Comstock at Cornell University ( 1896 - -1898)he taught biology at Lake Forest University ( 1898 - -1907 ) .
Francisco Rosa Rivera ( not to be confused with Francisco Rivera Rosa , the Puerto Rican painter ) was born in Ponce , Puerto Rico on 19 March 1972 .
Peggy Dickens ( born 8 December 1975 in Schiltigheim ) is a French slalom canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s .
Fatoumata Diawara ( born 1982 in Ivory Coast ) is a Malian musician currently living in France .
Charilaos Mitrelias ( Greek : Χαρίλαος Μητρέλιας ; 1897 in Lesbos -- 16 May 1988 in Athens ) was a Greek jurist and politician .
Christian Zübert ( born 1973 , Würzburg ) is a German film director and screenwriter .
Chua Ek Kay was born in Guangdong , China , on 1947 , the eldest of seven children .
Wang Mingjuan ( Chinese : 王明娟 ; pinyin : Wáng Míngjuān ; born October 11 , 1985 in Yongzhou , Hunan ) is a Chinese weightlifter .
Arthur Lucas , originally from the U.S. state of Georgia , was one of the two last people to be executed in Canada , on December 11 , 1962 .
Frank Schlesinger ( May 11 , 1871 New York City -- July 10 , 1943 Old Lyme , Connecticut ) was an American astronomer .
Leopold von Henning was born in Gotha in 1791 to Colonel Christian von Henning ( 1748 - -1809 ) .
Richard Halliburton was born in Brownsville , Tennessee , to Wesley Halliburton , a civil engineer and real estate speculator , and Nelle Nance Halliburton .
David Hagberg ( * 9 . October 1942 in Duluth , Minnesota ) is an American novelist best known for his techno - thrillers featuring super - spy Kirk McGarvey .
Joseph Zen was born in Shanghai to devoutly Catholic parents , Vincent Zen and Margaret Tseu .
Arkan Mubayed ( Arabic : أركان مبيض‎ , born 28 March 1983 in Latakia ) is a Syrian footballer who currently plays for Al - Yarmouk in Jordan .
Dave Mackintosh ( born 15 September 1977 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a British drummer , best known as the former drummer for the power metal band DragonForce .
Alessandro Nunes or simply Alessandro ( born 2 March 1982 in São João da Boa Vista ) is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for Bahia .
Alin Badea ( born 1 June 1988 in Slobozia ) is a Romanian sabre fencer who won the team silver medal in the 2013 World championships .
Jamie McDonnell ( born 30 March 1986 ) is a professional boxer from Hatfield , Doncaster , England who currently holds the WBA World Bantamweight Title .
Simon Widdup ( 10 November 1977 , Doncaster , Yorkshire , England ) is an English first - class cricketer , who made eleven first - class appearances for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 2000 and 2001 , when he was a part of their County Championship winning squad .
Fields was born in Humble , a northern suburb of Houston , to Mr. and Mrs. Jack Fields , Sr . He graduated from Humble High School in his hometown in 1970 .
Amílton Jesus dos Santos or simply Amílton ( born August 13 , 1981 in Jequié ) , is a Brazilian striker playing for Uberlândia Esporte Clube .
Born at Le Mans , Joachim Bouvet became a philosophy student in 1676 at the Collège Royal Henry - Le - Grand in La Flèche .
Fani Chalkia ( Greek : Φανή Χαλκιά , ( faˈni xalˈca ) , born February 2 , 1979 in Larissa ) is a Greek hurdler .
Wace ( c. 1110 -- after 1174 ) , sometimes referred to as Robert Wace , was a Norman poet , who was born in Jersey and brought up in mainland Normandy ( he tells us in the Roman de Rou that he was taken as a child to Caen ) , ending his career as Canon of Bayeux .
Dale Gray ( born February 15 , 1978 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish footballer who plays in defence or midfield .
Peter Johan Lor was born in the Netherlands and emigrated to South Africa .
Walter Reuter was born in the Charlottenburg district of Berlin .
Visard Tako ( born 14 January 1995 in Korçë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Albanian First Division club Dinamo Tirana as a Defender .
Mohammad Reza Ale Ebrahim ( born 24 October 1951 in Estahban ) is an Iranian writer , researcher and anthropologist .
Lenie ' t Hart ( born Leentje Godlieb ) ( born September 16 , 1941 in Farmsum ) is a Dutch animal caretaker and animal rights activist .
Uwe Bahnsen ( 1930 in Hamburg -- 2013 in France ) was a German car designer .
Mikko Hyyrynen ( born 1 November 1977 in Lappeenranta ) is a Finnish footballer who is currently playing for TPS in the Finnish Veikkausliiga .
Myrna Lamb ( born August 3 , 1930 Newark , New Jersey ) is an American playwright .
Mato Stanković ( born 28 September 1970 in Dubrovnik , Croatia ) is a Croatian futsal coach and former player .
Norman Nawrocki ( born in Vancouver , British Columbia ) , is a Montreal - based comedian , sex educator , cabaret artist , musician , author , actor , producer and composer .
Jay Chou grew up in Linkou , Taipei County in Taiwan .
Craig Logan ( born 22 April 1969 , Scotland ) is a Scottish music manager .
Kurt Wüsthoff was born in Aachen , the westernmost city in Germany , on 27 January 1897 .
Born in Caracas , his parents ( Juan José Landaeta and Maria Candelaria Arévalo ) were free mulatos .
Wang Jiayu ( Chinese : 王佳玉 ; Pinyin : Wáng Jiāyù ; born 28 September 1990 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG as a Midfielder .
Andrea Šuldesová ( born 11 February 1975 in Valtice ) is a retired Czech athlete who specialised in the 1500 metres .
Olaf Heukrodt ( born January 23 , 1962 in Magdeburg ) is an East German - German canoer who from the late 1970s to the early 1990s .
Michael Taussig ( born 3 April 1940 ) is an Australian anthropologist , born in Sydney .
Jonny Lang is of Norwegian descent and was born in Fargo , North Dakota .
Stafford James ( born April 24 , 1946 , Evanston , Illinois ) is an American jazz bassist .
Godfrey Howitt ( 8 October 1800 -- 4 December 1873 ) , entomologist , was born in Heanor in Derbyshire to Thomas Howitt .
Anthony Price ( born 16 August 1928 in Hertfordshire , England ) is an author of espionage thrillers .
Dem Rădulescu was born in Râmnicu Vâlcea in a family of merchants .
Richard Wall ( born in Ballybunion , County Kerry ) is an Irish film , television and theatre actor .
Sun Qinghai ( simplified Chinese : 孙清海 ; traditional Chinese : 孫清海 ; pinyin : Sūn Qīnghǎi ; born January 18 , 1988 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese cross country skier who has competed since 2006 .
Gianmarco Tamberi ( Civitanova Marche , 1 June 1992 ) is an Italian High jumper .
Sadegh Vaez - Zadeh ( born 10 April 1959 in Mashhad ) is an Iranian professor , currently teaching at the University of Tehran .
Shahu Modak was born in a Marathi Christian family of Ahmednagar in 1918 .
Akbar Kurtha is an actor born in London , and lives in the United Kingdom .
Franco Scaglione was born in Florence to Vittorio Scaglione , a chief army doctor , and to Giovanna Fabbri , captain of the Italian Red Cross service .
Inverdale was born in Plymouth , Devon , the son of a Royal Navy dental surgeon , Captain John Inverdale , who played rugby union for Devonport Services .
Pierre Laconte ( born 17 May 1934 , Brussels ) , is a Belgian urbanist .
John Rockwell ( born 1940 in Washington D.C. ) is an American music critic , editor , arts administrator ) , and dance critic .
Walter - Herwig Schuchhardt ( March 8 , 1900 - January 14 , 1976 ) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian born in Hanover .
Lee Dae - hyung ( Hangul : 이대형 , Hanja : 李大炯 ; born July 19 , 1983 in Boryeong ) is a South Korean outfielder for the KT Wiz in the Korea Professional Baseball .
Jovan Despotović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Деспотовић ) , born 16 April 1952 ) is a Serbian art historian and art critic who lives in Belgrade .
Václav Hudeček ( born June 7 , 1952 in Rožmitál pod Třemšínem ) is a Czech violinist .
Neville Wright ( born 21 December 1980 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian bobsledder .
James DeWolf was born in Bristol , Rhode Island , in 1764 to Mark Anthony DeWolf ( 1726 - 1792 ) and his wife , Abigail Potter ( 1726 - 1809 ) .
Behroze Sabzwari owns a car showroom on Tariq Road in Karachi .
Jaan Kiivit , Jr. ( February 19 , 1940 in Rakvere -- August 31 , 2005 in St. Petersburg ) was the Archbishop of the Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church from 1994 until 2005 .
Gilberto dos Santos ( born August 27 , 1975 in Gramado , Brazil ) is a former naturalized Lebanese football striker .
Rita Borbás ( born 21 December 1980 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays UKSE Szekszárd .
Yasmina Baddou ( Arabic : ياسمينة بادو‎ -- born 23 October 1962 , Rabat ) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party .
Chris Cornell ( born Christopher John Boyle ; July 20 , 1964 ) is an American rock musician and singer - songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist , primary songwriter and rhythm guitarist for Seattle rock band Soundgarden and as former lead vocalist and songwriter for the supergroup Audioslave .
Margaret Warner is the daughter of Brainard Henry Warner III and Mildred Warner of Chevy Chase , Maryland .
Harold Grad ( born January 23 , 1923 in New York City , died November 17 , 1986 ) was an American applied mathematician .
Robert Von Ancken is a prominent New York City real estate appraiser , whose accomplishments include testifying in front of the Supreme Court to deter the construction of a building over Grand Central Terminal and establishing the value of the World Trade Center prior to the terrorist attacks on behalf of the insurance companies .
Abdel Salam Al Nabulsy ( Arabic : عبد السلام النابلسي‎ ) was an Egyptian actor of Lebanese - Palestinian origin , born in Tripoli , Lebanon in 1899 and died 1968 in Beirut .
Ali Hassan al - Majid is thought to have been born in 1941 in al - Awja near Tikrit , though he claimed in court that he was born three years later in 1944 .
John Plumptre Carr Glyn was born Witchampton , east Dorset .
Stephen Chan ( born 10 November 1980 ) , better known by his stage name NYCCA or NIKKA ( 日華 nikka ) is a multilingual Hong Kong - Japanese rapper .
Agnès Dorothée Humbert , known as Agnès Humbert , was born on 12 October 1894 in Dieppe , France , daughter of French senator Charles Humbert and English writer Mabel Wells Annie Rooke .
Ari Handel ( born in Zürich , Switzerland ) is an American neuroscientist , film producer , and writer .
Konstantin Zhostov was born in the village of Gaytaninovo , at the time part of the Ottoman Empire .
Mohammad Mokri ( 1921- July 12 , 2007 ) ( محمد مکری ) was an Iranian scholar ( Kurdologist ) and author born in Kermanshah .
Tozin spent his early career on loan from Gurupi to various clubs of Brazilian lower divisions .
Scott Horta ( born October 3 , 1988 in Princeton , New Jersey , United States ) is an American - born Puerto Rican footballer .
Heinrich VII , Prince Reuss of Köstritz ( German : Heinrich VII . Reuß zu Köstritz ; 14 July 1825 , Klipphausen -- 2 May 1906 , Trzebiechów ) was a German diplomat .
Willem de Fesch ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋɪɫəm də ˈfɛs ) , 1687 , Alkmaar -- 3 January 1761 ) was a virtuoso Dutch violone player and composer .
Antonia Liskova ( born March 25 , 1977 in Bojnice , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak - Italian actress .
Salome Alt ( 1568 - 1633 ) , was the royal mistress of Wolf Dietrich Raitenau , reigning Prince - Bishop of Salzburg , from 1593 until 1617 .
Francis Gordon Atherton , born 18 June 1934 in Horwich in Lancashire , was an English footballer who played as a right half in the Football League .
Thomas Spencer Baynes ( 24 March 1823 in Wellington -- 31 May 1887 in London ) was a philosopher .
Eduard Suess was born on August 20 , 1831 , in London , England , the oldest son of Adolph Suess , a Lutheran Saxon merchant , and Eleonore Zdekauer .
Bernard Matthews was born in 1930 in Brooke , Norfolk , the son of a car mechanic and his housekeeper wife .
Biyon was born in Kozhikode to Sivasankar VK and Beena K. Byon Completed his schooling at Presentation High school and Hill Top Public School .
Georges Claes ( 7 January 1920 , Boutersem - 14 March 1994 ) was a Belgian racing cyclist .
Gusztáv Klados ( Budapest , 1947 ) is a Hungarian tunnel building engineer , known as one of the leading tunnel builders , having worked around the world on several projects .
Valentin Iglinsky ( Kazakh : Валентин Иглинский ) ( born 12 May 1984 in Astana ) is a Kazakh road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTour team Astana .
Magnus Troest ( born June 5 , 1987 at Copenhagen ) is a Danish professional footballer who currently plays for Novara .
Antoine Joseph Monneron ( 8 May 1736 , Antibes -- 29 July 1815 , Santiago de Cuba ) was a French merchant and businessman .
Samantha Bee was born in Toronto , Ontario , and has said of her family : `` Dating from well before the turn of the 20th century , if there has ever been a successful , happy marriage in my family lineage , I 've yet to hear about it . ''
Eduardo Federico Martinez Colombo ( born 18 November 1984 in Florida ) is an Uruguayan football player , currently playing for Oriente Petrolero in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
Alexander Huber ( born December 1968 in Trostberg , Bavaria ) , is a German climber and mountaineer .
Christoph von Stadion was born in Schelklingen in Mid - March 1478 , the son of Nikolaus von Stadion ( d. 1507 ) and his wife Agatha von Gültlingen ( d. 1504 ) .
Salvador Freixedo , ( Carballino , Ourense Province , Galicia , 1923 ) is a former Spanish Catholic priest and a former member of the Jesuit Order .
Mustafa İnan ( 1911 in Adana-1967 in Freiburg ) was a Turkish civil engineering academic .
Michael Schanze ( born 15 January 1947 in Tutzing ) is a German television presenter , actor and singer .
Massoud Nawabi Born to an Intellectual and Educated family in Kabul Afghanistan .
Olga Kabo was born in Moscow , the daughter of engineers Igor Yakovlevich and Ada Nikolayevna Kabo .
Louis Rossi ( born 23 June 1989 in Le Mans ) is a French Grand Prix motorcycle racer , best known for winning the 2012 French Grand Prix in the Moto3 class .
Brian Visser ( born June 2 , 1987 in Elmhurst , Illinois ) is an American Soccer Goalkeeper that played for DePaul University as well as the USL Professional Division .
Jean - Gilles Malliarakis ( born 22 June 1944 in Paris ) is a Greek - French far - right politician and writer .
Of Bohemian origin , Johan Zoffany was born Johannes Josephus Zaufallij in Frankfurt on 13 March 1733 .
Nani Bregvadze ( Ge . ნანი ბრეგვაძე , Rus . Нани Брегвадзе , born 21 July 1936 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian Soviet and Russian singer .
Uchechi Sunday was born in Port Harcourt , Nigeria on September 9 , 1994 as the youngest of seven sisters .
Ernst Hilmar ( born in 1938 , Graz , Styria ) is an Austrian librarian , editor , and musicologist .
Jean - Pierre Nicolas ( born 22 January 1945 in Marseille ) is a retired French professional rally driver who competed mainly in the 1970s .
Leeonzer Barber ( born February 18 , 1966 in Detroit , MI ) was a professional boxer in the light - heavyweight ( 175 lb ) division .
Kirsten Wall ( born November 27 , 1975 as Kirsten Harmark ) is a Canadian curler from Milton , Ontario .
Peter Heywood was born in 1772 at The Nunnery , in Douglas , Isle of Man .
Patryk Dobek ( born 13 February 1994 in Kościerzyna ) is a Polish athlete specialising in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles .
Tuman Tumanian was born in 1879 in Shusha , Russian Empire and had his local education there ; one his classmates was famed revolutionary Garegin Nzhdeh .
Raymond Keruzoré ( born 17 June 1949 , Châteauneuf - du - Faou , Finistère , Brittany ) is a former Breton and French football player and manager , regarded as one of the greatest players to have played for Stade Rennais , as well as one of the greatest ever Breton players .
Alberto Fernández de la Puebla Ramos ( born September 17 , 1984 in Madrid ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who used to ride for UCI ProTeam Saunier Duval - Prodir , which later changed its name to Fuji - Servetto .
Herbert MacKay - Fraser ( June 23 , 1927 -- July 14 , 1957 ) was a racing driver from the United States , born in Pernambuco , Brazil .
Silulu A'etonu ( born March 19 , 1984 in Guam ) is an American Samoan judoka , who played for the half - middleweight category .
His father Oleg Yashin ( born 1968 ) was a forward of Khimik Voskresensk and Fort Wayne Komets .
Zuzanna Ginczanka was born Zuzanna Polina Ginzburg ( `` Gincburg '' in Polish phonetic respelling ) in Kiev , then part of the Russian Empire .
Richard Cobbold was born in 1797 in the Suffolk town of Ipswich , to John ( 1746 - -1835 ) and the poet and writer Elizabeth ( née Knipe ) Cobbold ( 1764 - 1824 ) .
Dragan Punišić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Пунишић ; born 1 March 1966 in Belgrade ) is a retired Serbianfootballer .
Anselmo della Pusterla was the Archbishop of Milan , as Anselm V , from 30 June 1126 to his deposition early in 1135 .
Dirck Halstead , born Dirck Storm Halstead on December 24 , 1936 in Huntington , New York , is a photojournalist , and editor and publisher of The Digital Journalist an online photojournalism magazine .
Sahithya Jagannathan is a model , actress and beauty pageant winner of the Vivel Miss Chennai competition in 2009 .
Igor Petrenko was born on August 23 , 1977 in Potsdam ( GDR ) in the family of the Soviet soldiers .
Alpha Ibrahim Bah ( born January 1 , 1990 in Guéckédougou ) is a Guinean footballer who currently plays for MVV in the Dutch second division .
Slavko Radovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славко Радовановић , born 24 August 1962 in Zemun ) is a former Yugoslav football player , from the 1980s .
Matteo dal Nasaro Veronese ( died circa 1548 ) , also known as Matteo dal Nasaro of Verona , was an Italian sculptor .
David Alexander Mulholland was born in Portadown , County Armagh , Northern Ireland and was brought up a Protestant .
Magomed Magomedov is an ethnic Avar , he was born in Makhachkala , Dagestan .
Uldis Ģērmanis ( 4 October 1915 -- 19 December 1997 ) was a Latvian historian , writer and publicist born in Novaya Ladoga , Russian Empire .
Alex Wagner was born and raised in Washington , D.C. Her mother , Tin Swe Thant , is an immigrant from Rangoon , Myanmar , who became a naturalized American after marrying Alex 's father .
Manon Cleary ( November 14 , 1942 -- November 26 , 2011 in St. Louis , Missouri ) was an American realist painter who worked and lived in the District of Columbia .
Kevin Kilmore ( born 11 November 1959 ) is an English former footballer who scored 81 goals from 334 appearances in the Football League playing for Scunthorpe United , Grimsby Town , Rotherham United and Lincoln City .
Amy Franceschini ( born 1970 , in Patterson , California ) is a contemporary American artist and designer .
Jens Dowe ( born 1 June 1968 in Rostock ) is a German football coach and a former player who is currently sports director and the manager of SV Waren 09 .
Alf Cranner ( born 25 October 1936 in Oslo ) is a major Norwegian folk singer , lyricist and painter .
Tony Becker ( born September 14 , 1963 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American actor best known for his role as Corporal Daniel ' Danny ' Purcell on the 1987 - 1990 CBS Vietnam War series Tour of Duty .
Sgt . Alfred Holmes BEM ( 1 February 1931 -- 1 January 1994 ) was a Gibraltarian sergeant of the Gibraltar Regiment ( now the Royal Gibraltar Regiment ) .
Pietro Fabris ( active 1740 -- 1792 ) was a painter of Italian descent , active in England and Naples .
Federico Ceccherini is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Livorno in the Serie A.
Dawid Plizga ( born November 17 , 1985 in Ruda Śląska ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Termalica Bruk - Bet Nieciecza on loan from Gornik Zabrze .
Dirk Flock ( born 23 May 1972 in Cologne ) is a German former football player and now manager .
Jaque Catelain was born in Saint - Germain - en - Laye in the Pavillon Henri IV ( he was said to have been born in the same room as Louis XIV ) .
Marc Cherry was born in Long Beach and lived briefly in Oklahoma .
Adalberto Álvarez ( born in 1948 in Havana ) is a Cuban pianist , director and composer .
Horace Capron was born in Attleboro , Massachusetts , the son of Seth Capron and his wife Eunice Mann Capron .
Abba Shaul Geisinovich ( later Abba Ahimeir ) was born in Dolgi , a village near Babruysk in the Russian Empire ( today in Belarus ) .
Charly Dutournier ( born 15 May 1994 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Dijon II . He began his career in the youth team at hometown club Bordeaux before joining Tours in 2011 .
Joolz Denby ( born Julianne Mumford 9 April 1955 , previously known simply as Joolz ) is a poet , novelist , artist and tatooist based in Bradford , West Yorkshire , England .
Angelo Piccaluga ( born October 6 , 1906 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian footballer , who played for US Pro Vercelli , FC Modena , US Palermo and AS Biellese 1902 .
Simone Sanna ( born on 16 March 1978 in Florence ) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Sándor Végh was born in 1912 in Kolozsvár , Transylvania , Kingdom of Hungary ( since 1920 Cluj - Napoca , Romania ) .
Yehuda Bacon ( Hebrew : יהודה בקון‎ ; born July 28 , 1929 in Ostrava ) is an Israeli artist ( also shown as , especially in German , Jehuda Bacon and Yehuda Bakon ) .
Alan Pasqua ( born June 28 , 1952 in New Jersey ) is an American jazz pianist , educator and composer .
Helen Conrad ( born April 11 in Pasadena , California , US ) is a best - selling American writer of over 55 romance novels since 1982 .
Paolo Porpora ( 1617 - -1673 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque , who was active mainly in Naples and specialized in floral still lifes .
Johannes de Jong was born in Nes , a village on the island of Ameland , as the eldest of seven children of Jan de Jong , a baker , and his wife Trijntje Mosterman .
Tina Gharavi was born in Iran , Tehran and is currently based in the UK and France .
John of St. Thomas , ( family name João Poinsot or Johannes Poinsot , since the 1980s in American texts also John Poinsot ; 9 June 1589 -- 17 June 1644 ) , was a theologian and philosopher , born at Lisbon .
Pál Hoffman ( born 27 October 1948 ) is a Hungarian politician and former professional handball player , who has been the mayor of Tököl since 1990 .
Frank Meisler was born into a Jewish family in Danzig ( now Gdańsk , Poland ) .
Marie - Laurence Jungfleisch ( born 7 October 1990 in Paris , France ) is a German athlete specialising in the high jump .
Mannes Francken ( 20 May 1888 , Haarlem - 19 November 1948 ) was a Dutch football player , who played for HFC .
Iosif Ratner was born to Jewish parents in the village of Shumyachi in the Mogilev Governorate of the Russian Empire ( now in Mogilev Oblast , Belarus ) in 1901 .
Marco Mak Chi - Sin ( Chinese : 麥子善 ) is a Hong Kong film editor , director , production manager , actor , screenwriter , film producer , music composer and assistant director .
Hans - Joachim Merker ( born 7 October 1929 in Merseburg , died 18 August 2014 in Berlin ) was a German physician and anatomist .
Remo Galli ( born July 3 , 1912 in Montecatini Terme ) was an Italian professional football player and coach .
Pauline Ester ( born Sabrina Ocon ; 18 December 1963 , Toulouse ) is a French singer .
Rachel Cawthorn ( from Guildford , Surrey ) is a British sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s .
Shih ( born 29 November 1950 in Taipei , Taiwan ) is a naturalized Austrian composer .
Shannon Bennett ( born 23 November 1975 in Melbourne ) is an Australian chef and author .
Antonino Bonaccorsi also called il Chiaro ( June 1826 , in Acireale , Sicily -- 1897 ) was an Italian painter .
William Kraft ( born 1923 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is a composer , conductor , teacher , and percussionist .
Ernst Dospel ( born 8 October 1976 in Absdorf ) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for Austrian non - league team SV Haitzendorf .
See Siang Wong ( Chinese : 黃旭洋 pinyin : huáng xù yáng , born May 7 , 1979 in Arnhem , Netherlands ) is a Dutch / Chinese pianist .
Vincenzo Ruffo was born at Verona , and became a priest there in 1531 .
Jennifer Laura Thompson ( born December 5 , 1969 in Southfield , Michigan ) is an American stage actress and singer .
Raymond Culos ( born April 18 , 1936 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is an author who has chronicled the history of the Italian community in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia .
Afonso de Albuquerque was born in 1453 in Alhandra , near Lisbon .
Weslley Morais Sousa or simply Weslley ( born June 7 , 1982 in Inhuma , Piauí ) , is a Brazilian Midfielder .
The son of Nathaniel Pitcher , Sr . ( died 1802 ) , Pitcher was educated in the local schools of Litchfield and moved to Sandy Hill , New York ( now Hudson Falls ) with his family .
Harald Weiss ( surname also spelled `` Weiß '' ) ( born 26 May 1949 in Salzgitter ) is a German composer , director , screenwriter , and free - lance artist .
Bartolomé Calvo Díaz de Lamadrid was born on August 24 , 1815 in Cartagena de Indias , in what was then the United Provinces of the New Granada .
Jafar Ebrahimi ( Persian : جعفرابراهیمی‎‎ ) is an Iranian poet , born in Ardabil and living in Tehran .
Leila Shahid ( born in Beirut in 1949 ) is a Palestinian diplomat .
George Fox was born in the strongly puritan village of Drayton - in - the - Clay , Leicestershire , England ( now known as Fenny Drayton ) , 15 miles ( 24 km ) west - south - west of Leicester .
Lamorna Watts began a love for the stage at an early age and attended a variety of dancing , singing and acting classes in Bristol and performed in numerous plays throughout her younger years .
Toma Tomas was an ethnic Assyrian born in Alqosh , in 1924 , he was adherent to the Chaldean Catholic Church .
Josephine Wall ( born May 1947 in Farnham , Surrey ) is a popular English fantasy artist and sculptor .
Giuseppe Di Bianco holds degrees in Piano , Composition , Choral conducting and Music Didactics from the Conservatories of Salerno and `` San Pietro a Majella '' of Naples , graduating Summa cun Laude and Honorable Mention in Foreign Languages and Modern Literatures , with a post Lauream Master at Rome University .
Born on February 28 , 1946 in San Francisco , California , Steve Martini was raised until the age of ten in the Colma area of Daily City just south of San Francisco .
Chad McKnight ( born June 19 , 1983 in Lancaster , Ohio ) is an American professional basketball player , who has signed as the Player - Coach for the 2009 - 10 British Basketball League season with the Guildford Heat .
Bård Tufte Johansen ( born 19 June 1969 in Skien ) is a Norwegian comedian .
Elio Martinelli ( 1921 , Lucca , Tuscany , died 2004 ) was an Italian lighting designer .
Ivan Barnev ( Bulgarian : Иван Бърнев ; born 15 July 1973 in Dobrich ) is a Bulgarian actor .
Gary Bollan ( born 24 March 1973 in Dundee ) is a former Scottish professional football player and current manager of Scottish League One side Forfar Athletic .
Stanyslav Kashtanov ( born 31 July 1984 in Donetsk ) is an Ukrainian , now Russian boxer who captured the interim WBA ( 2012 - -2013 ) .
Dejan Karaklajić ( born 1 May 1946 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian television and film director .
Gregory Porter was born in Sacramento and was raised in Bakersfield , California , where his mother was a minister .
Dave Gallaher was born as David Gallagher on 30 October 1873 at Ramelton , County Donegal , Ireland , the third son of James Henry Gallagher , a 69-year - old shopkeeper , and his 29-year - old wife , Maria Hardy Gallagher ( née McCloskie ) .
Igor Dyachenko ( born June 15 , 1981 in Kiev ) is a Ukrainian karateka .
László Z. Bitó ( born 7 September 1934 , Budapest ) is a physiologist and a writer .
Liu Binyan , whose family hails from Shandong province , was born in 1925 , on the fifteenth of the first month of the lunar calendar , in the city of Changchun , Jilin Province .
Tammy Leitner ( born July 3 , 1972 in San Diego , California ) is an investigative TV reporter and former reality television contestant .
Hans G. Furth ( December 2 , 1920 , Vienna -- November 7 , 1999 , Takoma Park , Maryland ) , was a Professor emeritus in the Faculty of Psychology of the Catholic University of America in Washington , D.C. , at the time of his death aged 78 .
Dr. Mathilde Krim ( née Galland ) was born in Como , Italy to a Swiss Protestant father and Italian Catholic mother .
Rosalinda Galli ( born February 27 , 1949 in Rome ) is an Italian voice actress , who is part of the ADAP ( Associazione Doppiatori Attori Pubblicitari - Association of cast actors advertising ) .
Itzik Azuz ( Hebrew : איציק עזוז‎ ; born 30 November 1985 ) is an Israeli football Right Back who currently plays for Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv .
Davoud Bahadori ( Persian : داود بهادری‎ ) ; is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Saba Qom in the Iran Pro League .
Michael Chevalier ( born May 14 , 1933 ) is a German synchronis speaker and actor born in Berlin .
André Moraes ( 6 March 1977 in Brasília , Distrito Federal ) is a Brazilian Latin Grammy - nominated musician , film director , music producer and soundtrack composer .
Shirley Purdie is a contemporary Indigenous Australian artist , notable for winning the 2007 Blake Prize for religious art . Purdie was born at Gilburn , or Mabel Downs Station , in Western Australia 's Kimberley region in 1948 , and is a painter at Warmun community .
Cliff McCrath ( born February 3 , 1936 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a retired American soccer player and coach .
Flint natives Morris Peterson , Mateen Cleaves , and other Flint NBA Legends , confirm that Cory Hightower is the greatest player ever to come out of the basketball hotbed .
Félix Brillant ( born September 9 , 1980 in Brossard , Quebec ) is a Canadian soccer player , currently playing for Lasalle - Lakeshore United .
Edward Bernard Scharfenberger ( born May 29 , 1948 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who serves as the tenth bishop of the Diocese of Albany , New York .
As the second son of François Cressent , sculpteur du roi , and grandson of Charles Cressent , a furniture - maker of Amiens , who also became a sculptor , he inherited the tastes and aptitudes which were likely to make a finished designer and craftsman .
Doug Pinnick was born in Braidwood , Illinois then moved to Joliet , Illinois when he was fourteen .
Reza Deghati ( born July 26 , 1952 in Tabriz , Iran ) is an Iranian - French photojournalist who works under the name Reza ( Persian : رضا‎‎ ) .
Outside of Indiana , Goatmother Industrial has been in exhibition at Durham , North Carolina 's Fort Grunt space , The Martin Art Gallery in Allentown , Pennsylvania , and most recently at Providence , Rhode Island 's Pearl Street space and the Gelman Gallery at RISD .
Born on July 13 , 1946 , in Ponte Nova , Minas Gerais , João Bosco 's profession was engineering when he moved to Rio de Janeiro , where his songs were also recorded by Elis Regina and were a success .
Wang Yunlong ( Chinese:王云龙 ; Pinyin : Wáng Yúnlóng ; born 22 February 1990 in Anshan , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Inner Mongolia Zhongyou in the China League One .
Scheila Carvalho Ladeira ( September 24 , 1973 , in Juiz de Fora ) is a Brazilian model , dancer , and latterly sex symbol .
Parvati Shallow ( born September 21 , 1982 in Vero Beach , Florida , United States ) is an American television personality and was the $ 1,000,000 winner of the reality television series Survivor :
John Cowsill ( born March 2 , 1956 in Newport , Rhode Island ) is an American musician , best known for his work as a singer and drummer with his siblings ' band , The Cowsills .
Norberto Téllez Santana ( born January 22 , 1972 in Rodas , Cienfuegos ) is a retired Cuban runner .
Jeff Jong is an I - Kiribati footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Cindy Carol ( born October 11 , 1944 , in Los Angeles , California , United States , North America ) is an American actress .
Pius Fidelis Pinto was born on 24 April 1960 in Gurpur , eight miles north - east of Mangalore , to Frederick Pinto and Stella Pinto ( née Lobo ) .
Bret Iwan ( born September 10 , 1982 in Pasadena , California ) is an American voice actor and illustrator .
Patrick Bouvier Kennedy was born by emergency caesarean section five - and - a - half weeks prematurely at the Otis Air Force Base Hospital in Bourne , Massachusetts .
Liu Songwei or Liu Song Wei ( simplified Chinese : 刘松伟 ; traditional Chinese : 劉松偉 ; born 8 October 1989 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player currently playing in Hong Kong First Division club Biu Chun Rangers .
Robinson Thwaites ( 1807 -- 22 October 1884 ) was a nineteenth - century mechanical engineer and mill - owner in Bradford , Yorkshire .
L'Aura ( born Laura Abela ; Brescia , August 13 , 1984 ) is an Italian singer , songwriter , composer , pianist and violinist .
Corrado Pizziolo was born in Scandolara di Zero Branco , and studied at the minor and major seminaries in Treviso .
Atsuya Furuta ( 古田 敦也 , b. August 6 , 1965 in Kawanishi , Hyōgo ) is a Japanese former baseball player and player - manager for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows professional baseball club in the Nippon Professional Baseball 's Central League .
Jay Griffiths ( born 1965 in Manchester ) is an award - winning British writer and author of Wild :
Daniel van Heil ( 1604 in Brussels --1664 in Brussels ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Lesley Douglas was born in Longbenton , North Tyneside in 1963 , where she grew up .
Irina Falconi ( born May 4 , 1990 ) is a professional American tennis player , who was born in Portoviejo , Ecuador .
Johan Rabaeus ( born Carl Magnus Olof Johan Rabéus 31 July 1947 ) is a Swedish actor who was born in Stockholm but grew up in Paris and Geneva .
Shaili Chopra was born in Jalandhar on 21 July 1981 in Punjab to Anil & Suman Chopra .
Johannes Völkel ( Latin : Volkelius ; Grimma , c. 1565 -- Raków , 1616 ) was a German Socinian writer .
Thomas Sjöberg , ( born 6 July 1952 in Helsingborg ) , is a former Swedish footballer .
Randy Blake moved from Cleveland , Ohio to Owasso , Oklahoma with his family at an early age .
Majora Carter ( born October 27 , 1966 ) is an American urban revitalization strategist and public radio host , from the South Bronx area of New York City .
Aleksandar Krstić aka Alex Krstic ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Kpcтић ; born April 10 , 1962 in Belgrade ) is a Yugoslav ( Serbian ) football agent and a former footballer .
Scoville Jenkins ( born September 23 , 1986 , in Atlanta , Georgia ) is a former professional tennis player on the ATP Tour .
Tibor Kristóf ( February 20 , 1942 Miskolc -- September 2 , 2009 ) was a Hungarian actor and voice actor .
Nicasio Safadi Reves ( Reves is the translation of Rbeiz ) ( Beirut , 1902- Guayaquil , October 29 , 1968 ) was an Ecuadorian musician of Lebanese descent .
Maxim Iglinsky ( Kazakh : Максим Иглинский ) ( born 18 April 1981 in Astana ) is a Kazakh road racing cyclist who last rode for UCI ProTour team Astana , who he competed for between 2007 and 2014 .
Tamás Kerékjártó ( born July 9 , 1979 in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian swimmer .
Wade Frugé ( August 27 , 1916 , Eunice , Louisiana -- June 23 , 1992 ) was a Cajun fiddle player in southwest Louisiana .
Frank Dekkers ( born 1961 in Nijmegen ) is a Dutch painter of landscapes .
Diletta Carli ( born 7 May 1996 in Pietrasanta ) is an Italian swimmer .
Gilles Groulx ( May 30 , 1931 in Montreal , Quebec -- August 22 , 1994 ) was a Canadian film director .
Lee Altus , born 13 May 1966 in Odessa , Ukrainian SSR , is an American heavy metal guitarist .
Alfons Van Brandt ( Nijlen , 24 June 1927 -- 24 August 2011 ) , nicknamed Fons , was a Belgian football player who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1955 while at Lierse .
Deng Zhuoxiang started his football career in the 2005 league season playing for Wuhan Guanggu ; however , he would have to wait until the 2006 league season to make his debut against Tianjin Teda on 12 July 2006 in a 4 - 3 loss .
Evelyn Hecht - Galinski ( born 1949 , Berlin ) is a Jewish - German activist , an outspoken critic of Israel 's policies towards Palestinians and a member of the group European Jews for a Just Peace .
Duncan Patterson ( born 5 June 1975 ) is a Liverpool born musician , best known for his work as a member of Anathema ( 1991 - -1998 ) and Antimatter ( 1998 - -2005 ) .
Cian O'Sullivan ( born 27 March 1988 ) is a senior Gaelic footballer for Kilmacud Crokes and the Dublin senior football team .
Sunwook Kim ( born in Seoul , 1988 ) is a South Korean pianist .
Jacob Bidermann ( 1578 -- August 20 , 1649 ) was born in the Austrian ( at that time ) village of Ehingen , about 30 miles southwest of Ulm .
Zhang Chenlong ( Chinese : 张晨龙 ; Pinyin : Zhāng Chénlóng ; born 27 April 1993 in Wuhan ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League .
Dan Fogelberg , the youngest of three sons , was born in Peoria , Illinois , the son of Margaret ( née Irvine ) , a classically trained pianist , and Lawrence Peter Fogelberg , a high school band director who spent most of his career at Peoria 's Woodruff High School and Pekin High School .
Ralph Millington ( 18 June 1930 -- December 1999 ) was an English footballer who played as centre half for Neston , Tranmere Rovers and Ellesmere Port .
Christian Claudio , ( born on 17 June 1973 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) was a two - time member of the Puerto Rican national taekwondo Olympic team .
Bartolomeo Bettera ( Bergamo , 1639 - Milan , after 1688 ) was an Italian painter , mainly depicting still - lifes with musical instruments .
Sven Martin Boquist ( born 2 February 1977 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish handball player , currently playing for Danish Handball League side FCK Håndbold , with whom he won the Danish Championship in 2008 .
Julien Loubet ( born 11 January 1985 in Toulouse ) is a French professional road bicycle racer , currently riding for Team Marseille 13-KTM .
Kay Worthington ( born December 21 , 1959 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian rower and Olympic champion .
Mario Bazán ( born 1 September 1987 in Lima ) is a Peruvian runner specializing in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Steven Kellogg ( born October 26 , 1941 in Norwalk , Connecticut ) is an American writer and illustrator who has created more than 90 children 's books .
Louis Joseph Victor Jullien de Bidon ( Lapalud , 12 March 1764 -- Lapalud , 19 May 1839 ) was a French officer and nobleman .
Frank Wilcoxon was born to American parents on 2 September 1892 in County Cork , Ireland .
Kang Sheng was born in Dataizhuang ( 大臺莊 ) ( administered under Jiaonan County since 1946 ) , Zhucheng County to the northwest of Qingdao in Shandong Province to a landowning family , some of whom had been Confucian scholars .
Brianda Domecq ( New York City , 1942- ) is a Spanish - Mexican novelist .
Laurie Olin ( b. 1938 in Marshfield , Wisconsin ) is an American landscape architect .
Alexander Lerner was born to a Jewish family in Vinnytsia , Russian Empire ( now Ukraine ) .
Laurentius Corvinus was born as Laurentius Rabe in Neumarkt ( now Środa Śląska ) in Lower Silesia , about 30 km east of Legnica west of Vrotzuav , son of Barthel Rabe , a furrier and member of the local council .
Jimmy Dorsey was born in Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , the son of a coal miner turned music educator , and older brother of Tommy Dorsey who also became a prominent musician .
Alfredo Pacini was born in Capannori , and studied at the seminary in Lucca before being ordained to the priesthood on July 25 , 1913 .
Guilherme Augusto Alves Dellatorre ( born 1 May 1992 in São José do Rio Preto , São Paulo ) , simply known as Dellatorre , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Suphanburi .
Formed in the youth ranks of local Vitória de Guimarães , the Guimarães - born Vieirinha caught the interest of FC Porto and eventually finished his football grooming there .
Max Lehmann ( 19 May 1845 -- 8 October 1929 ) was a German historian , born in Berlin and educated at Königsberg , Bonn , and Berlin .
Rebecca Pawel ( born 1977 , New York City ) is an American high school teacher and author of mystery novels .
Virginia Eriksdotter ( 1 January 1559 , Kalmar Castle -- 1633 ) , was a Swedish noble .
Nebojša Malešević ( Небојша Малешевић ) ( born on May 29 , 1983 in Banja Luka , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian Serb fashion model .
Denis Parsons Burkitt FRS(28 February 1911 -- 23 March 1993 ) , surgeon , was born in Enniskillen , County Fermanagh , Ireland .
Joe Conforte was born in 1926 in Augusta , a little city close to Catania in Sicily .
Lukas Smits ( born 23 May 1935 , Ravenswaaij ) is a Dutch painter .
Lee Stafford ( born 17 October 1966 in Leigh - on - Sea , Essex ) is an award - winning celebrity hairdresser .
Maarten Wynants ( born 13 May 1982 in Hasselt ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team Team LottoNL - Jumbo
Major Sir Edward Beddington - Behrens CMG MC * ( b. 2 February 1897 , Paris -- d. 28 November 1968 , London ) was a British soldier , businessman and patron of the arts , and a leading advocate of European co - operation .
Zef Kolombi , an Albanian painter , was born on March 3 , 1907 in Sarajevo .
Gary Zukav was born in Port Arthur , Texas , and spent his early childhood in San Antonio and Houston .
Alex Partridge ( born 25 January 1981 in San Francisco ) is a British rower , and an Olympic silver and bronze medallist .
Algimantas Masiulis ( July 10 , 1931 Surdegis , Anykščiai District Municipality - August 19 , 2008 ) was a Lithuanian film and theatre actor .
Kirk Thompson ( born 1968 , in Bristol , England ) , better known as Krust or DJ Krust , is an English drum and bass producer and DJ who is part of the Bristol based Reprazent collective , as well as releasing his own solo material such as `` Burnin '' which was released on Kickin Records .
Clare Vanderpool ( born 1965 ) is an American children 's book author living in Wichita , Kansas .
Heinz Schröder was born in Berlin and grew up in the borough Friedrichshain .
Saint Cosmas of Maiuma , also called Cosmas Hagiopolites ( `` of the Holy City '' ) , Cosmas of Jerusalem , or Cosmas the Melodist , or Cosmas the Poet ( d. 773 or 794 ) , was a bishop and an important hymnographer ( writer of hymns ) of the Eastern Orthodox Church .
Will Young was born on 20 January 1979 in Wokingham , Berkshire , and is the second - oldest child of Robin Young , a company director of an engineering firm , and Annabel Young ( née Griffith ) , a plant nursery gardener .
Jezdimir Dangić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јездимир Дангић ; 4 May 1897 -- 22 August 1947 ) was a Bosnian Serb Chetnik commander during World War II . Born in the town of Bratunac , he was imprisoned during World War I for his membership of the revolutionary movement Young Bosnia .
Born in New York City , Bill Charlap comes from a musical background .
Heinz Koppel ( 29 January 1919 , Berlin - 1 December 1980 , Cwmerfyn , Wales ) was a British artist of German origin , who spend much of his life working in Wales .
Born in Athens to an old aristocratic family , Alexander Philadelpheus displayed an exceptional interest in the arts and literature from a very young age .
Benzion Miller ( Hebrew : בֶּן צִיּוֹן מילר‎ , Yiddish : בֶּן־צִיּוֹן מי(ל)לעֶר‎ , born c. 1946 ) was born in a displaced persons camp in Munich , Germany .
George Rogers Clark was born on November 19 , 1752 in Charlottesville , Virginia , near the home of Thomas Jefferson .
Boris Cabrera ( born December 16 , 1980 in Inglewood , California ) , is a former actor .
Jill Crossland is an English pianist , born in Yorkshire .
Chanoch Gad Justman was Born in Góra Kalwaria - Poland , to his father Rabbi Pinchas Menachem , and mother Hendel Leah -- sister of Rabbi Yehuda Aryeh Leib Alter .
Billy Childish was born , lives and works in Chatham , Kent , England .
Erraid Davies ( born 9 February 2001 in Dundee , Scotland ) is a Scottish swimmer from Skeld in Shetland .
Anastasia Perraki , also spelled Anastasia Peraki , ( Greek : Αναστασία Περράκη ) ( born July 20 , 1985 in Athens ) is a Greek model .
Kristina Kanders ( * 1962 , Cologne ) is a German drummer , composer and singer .
Ewald Hecker ( 20 October 1843 , Halle -- 1909 ) was a German psychiatrist who was an important figure in the early days of modern psychiatry .
Louis Blanc was born in Madrid , his father held the post of inspector - general of finance under Joseph Bonaparte .
Silvius I Nimrod , Duke of Württemberg - Oels ( 2 May 1622 , Weiltingen -- 24 April 1664 , Brzezinka in Silesia ) was the first Oels - Wuerttemberg .
Nicolaas Beets was born in Haarlem , the son of a pharmacist .
Alessandro Cordaro ( born on 2 May 1986 in La Louvière ) is a Belgian winger , who currently plays for Zulte Waregem in the Jupiler League .
Lalla Carlsen was born in Svelvik as the daughter of shipmaster Carl Alfred Christensen and Laura Nilsson .
Marco Materazzi was born in Lecce , where his father , Giuseppe , a professional footballer , was playing for U.S. Lecce .
Diego Ulissi ( born 15 July 1989 in Cecina ) is an Italian road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour team Lampre--
Michael Shackleford , ( May 23 , 1965 in Pasadena , California , United States ) , also known as `` The Wizard of Odds '' -- a title taken from Donald Angelini , is American mathematician and an actuary , best known for his professional analysis of the mathematics of the casino games .
Yang Shen was the son of Yang Tinghe and originally lived in Chengdu , Sichuan province .
Germanos Karavangelis ( Greek : Γερμανός Καραβαγγέλης , also transliterated as Yermanos and Karavaggelis or Karavagelis , 1866 - -1935 ) was born in Stipsi , Lesbos .
Celestino Soddu ( Cagliari , 2 April 1945 ) is an architect and professor of Generative Design at Politecnico di Milano university in Italy .
Sid Silvers ( January 16 , 1901 , Brooklyn , New York -- August 20 , 1976 , Brooklyn ) was an American actor , comedian , lyricist , and writer .
Joris Colinet ( born September 27 , 1982 in Mont - Saint - Aignan ) is a French professional football player , who currently plays in the Championnat National for Vendée Poiré - sur - Vie .
Janet Fitch was born in Los Angeles , a third - generation native , and grew up in a family of voracious readers .
Laya Lewis ( born 14 May 1992 in London ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Liv Malone in the fifth and sixth series of the hit British TV drama Skins .
Natallia Mikhnevich ( Belarusian : Наталля Міхневіч , née Belarusian : Харанэка , Kharaneka ; born May 25 , 1982 in Nevinnomyssk , Russian SFSR ) is a Belarusian shot putter .
After his appearance on Survivor , Chris Daugherty returned to his home in South Vienna , Ohio , and his job at the Ohio Department of Transportation In 2005 , he asked for vacation time to participate in a European promotional tour for Survivor .
Hugh Vanstone trained at the Northcott Theatre , Exeter .
László Bodrogi ( born 11 December 1976 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a French former professional road bicycle racer from Hungary , specializing in the individual time trial .
Stanislav Melnykov ( Ukrainian : Станіслав Мельников ; born February 26 , 1987 in Odessa ) is a Ukrainian is a Ukrainian 400 metres hurdler and two times national champion ( National Championships 2006 and National Indoor Championships 2009 ) .
Linda Mason was born in Sunderland , in the northeast of England , on Friday , 13 September 1946 .
David Elebert ( born 21 March 1986 in Dublin ) is an Irish professional football player who plays for Glenavon of the NIFL Premiership .
Stepan Demirchyan was born in Yerevan and received his degree from Yerevan Polytechnic Institute in 1981 .
Stephen Boyd ( 4 July 1931 -- 2 June 1977 ) was an actor from Glengormley , County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
Abdoulaye Djire nickname Junior ( born 28 February 1981 , in Abidjan ) is a Côte d'Ivoire football ( soccer ) player who plays for US Roye - Noyon .
Manoj Kumar was born in Abbottabad , a town of North - West Frontier Province ( now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ) , Pakistan , then part of British India .
Maggie Reilly ( born 15 September 1956 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish singer of Irish descent best known for her collaborations with the composer and instrumentalist Mike Oldfield .
Dennis van Winden ( born 2 December 1987 in Delft ) is a Dutch professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam LottoNL - Jumbo , having previously ridden for Synergy Baku Cycling Project and Rabobank .
Ismet Mulavdić ( born 19 October 1968 ) is a retired Bosnian footballer who played for Zvijezda Gradačac , FK Sarajevo , NK Šibenik and Belgian side KRC Genk .
Fuzati ( born in 1978 ) is a French rapper originating from Versailles .
Born and raised in what she called `` the somber low country of North Carolina '' in Hyde County on Pamlico Sound , Ellis Credle was the daughter of Zach and Bessie ( Cooper ) Credle .
Alexandra Piscupescu ( born June 10 , 1994 in Bucharest ) is a retired Romanian rhythmic gymnast .
John Vanderslice ( born in Gainesville , Florida ) is an American musician , songwriter , record producer , and recording engineer .
Ernst Stengelin ( born 10 August 1911 in Tuttlingen -- died 14 October 1943 in Sobibor ) was a German SS - Unterscharführer ( Corporal ) who served at Treblinka and Sobibor extermination camps and was killed in the Sobibor uprising .
Rubens Vanderlei Tavares Cardoso or simply Rubens Cardoso ( born September 6 , 1976 , in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian left wingback who plays for Coritiba .
Thomas Ussher was born in Dublin , the son of Henry Ussher , the Andrews Professor of Astronomy at Trinity College , and Mary Burne .
Paul T. Frankl ( October 14 , 1886 -- March 21 , 1958 ) , an Art Deco furniture designer and maker , architect , painter and writer from Vienna , Austria , was the son of a wealthy real estate speculator .
Mohamad Wael Al Rifai ( Arabic : محمد وائل الرفاعي‎ ) ( born 25 November 1990 in Homs , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
He was called `` John of Gaunt '' because he was born in Ghent , then rendered in English as Gaunt .
Jasmin Tabatabai ( Persian : یاسمین طباطبائی ( jɒːsˈmiːn tæbɒːtæbɒːˈʔiː ) ; born 8 June 1967 in Tehran , Iran ) is a German actress and singer .
Born Anne Fontaine Sibertin - Blanc in Luxembourg , sister of actor Jean - Chrétien Sibertin - Blanc , she went as a young child to live in Lisbon , where her father , Antoine Sibertin - Blanc , is a music professor and cathedral organist .
Gojko Mitić ( Гojкo Митић ) ( born June 13 , 1940 in Strojkovce ( near Leskovac ) , Morava Banovina , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian director , actor , stuntman , and author .
Miranda Horner was born in Waukegan , Illinois , was raised in Texas , and moved to Kansas City shortly before attending college there .
Christian Gille ( born 6 January 1979 in Wolfen ) is a German flatwater canoer who has competed since the mid-1990s .
Wesley Verhoek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈwɛs.li vər.ˈɦuk ) ) ( born 25 September 1986 in Leidschendam ) is a Dutch footballer .
Thomas Adcock is a Detroit - born journalist and novelist , winner of an Edgar Allan Poe Award .
Napoleon Bonaparte Giddings was born near Boonesborough , Kentucky to George and Frances Tandy ( Bush ) Giddings on January 2 , 1816 .
David Tamkin ( 28 August 1906 in Chernihiv , Ukraine -- 21 June 1975 ) was an American composer of Jewish descent .
Suzan Sabancı Dinçer , CBE ( born 1965 , Istanbul ) , a member of the Sabancı family in third generation , is a Turkish businesswoman .
Harry Leyland ( 12 May 1930 - 6 December 2006 ) was a Liverpool - born footballer who made 36 Football League appearances for Everton before transferring to Blackburn Rovers .
Hartog Jakob or Hartog Jacob Hamburger ( 9 March 1859 -- 4 January 1924 ) was a Dutch physiologist , born in Alkmaar .
Anton Amelchenko ( Belarusian : Антон Амельчанка ( Anton Amelchanka ) ; Russian : Антон Амельченко ; born 27 March 1985 in Gomel ) is a Belarusian international footballer .
Živko Nikolić was born in Ozrinići , Nikšić municipality , Montenegro , Yugoslavia , in 1941 .
Fatih Birol ( born 22 March 1958 , Ankara ) is a Turkish economist and energy expert , who has been the Executive Director of the International Energy Agency since 1 September 2015 .
Idriss Saadi ( Arabic : إدريس سعدي‎ ; born 8 February 1992 in Valence ) is a French football player of Algerian descent who currently plays for Cardiff City .
Pertti Teurajärvi ( born 20 February 1951 in Kolari ) is a Finnish former cross - country skier who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Felix Schiller ( born 6 December 1989 in Berlin ) is a German footballer who plays for 1 .
George Swede ( Latvian : Juris Švēde ) , ( born as Juris Puriņš , November 20 , 1940 in Riga , Latvia ) is a Canadian psychologist , poet and children 's writer who lives in Toronto , Ontario .
Cameron McCasland ( born August 24 , 1981 in Dallas , Texas , US ) is a Regional Emmy Nominated American film maker .
Kristian Ottosen ( 15 January 1921 , Solund -- 1 June 2006 , Oslo ) was a Norwegian non - fiction writer and public servant .
Chloe Hunter ( born August 26 , 1976 , Thousand Oaks , California ) is an American model and actress best known for appearing in the 2002 film Spun , as well as having her stomach and hand featured in the poster for the 1999 film American Beauty .
Peter Paul Wiplinger ( * June 25 , 1939 in Haslach an der Mühl ) is an Austrian writer and photographer .
Alex Jardine ( born 12 April 1926 in Motherwell ; died 1978 ) was a former Scottish footballer who played as a full back .
Fred Merkel ( born September 28 , 1962 in Stockton , California ) is an American former motorcycle road racer and two - time Superbike world champion .
Michele Anaclerio ( born 15 May 1982 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Piacenza at Serie B. A youth product of A.S. Bari , he made his Serie A debut on 27 May 2001 for Bari against Reggina Calcio , the third least Serie A match of Bari since last relegation ..
Marco Padalino ( born 8 December 1983 in Viganello , now part of Lugano ) is a Swiss football player .
Kehlani is originally from Oakland , California where she achieved initial fame as a member of the teen pop group , PopLyfe , which was a finalist on America 's Got Talent .
Jean - Paul Pierrat ( born July 3 , 1952 in Xonrupt - Longemer , Vosges ) is a former French cross country skier who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Severin Roesen ( 05.02.1816 in Boppard -- after 1872 ) is a painter known for his abundant fruit and flower still lifes and is today recognized as one of the major American still - life painters of the mid - nineteenth century .
Wally Rose ( October 2 , 1913 , Oakland , California -- January 12 , 1997 , Walnut Creek , California ) was an American jazz and ragtime pianist .
Souphanouvong was one of the sons of Prince Bounkhong , the last vice - king of Luang Prabang .
Tom Gianas ( born October 29 , 1964 , in San Jose , California ) is an American comedy writer , director and producer .
Yolande James ( born November 21 , 1977 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a former Quebec provincial politician .
Karl - Birger Blomdahl ( 19 October 1916 -- 14 June 1968 ) was a Swedish composer and conductor born in Växjö .
Carl Shutt ( born 10 October 1961 in Sheffield ) is an English former professional football player .
František Gellner was born to a poor Jewish family in Mladá Boleslav ( Jungbunzlau ) , Bohemia .
Shawn Ryan ( born October 11 , 1966 , Rockford , Illinois ) is an American screenwriter and television producer best known as the creator and showrunner of the television series The Shield ( 2002 - -08 ) and The Chicago Code ( 2011 ) .
Sal Borgese ( born March 5 , 1937 in Rome ) is an Italian film actor .
Thomas Kunze ( born February 23 , 1963 in Leipzig ) is a German contemporary historian and publicist .
Prince Tomislav of Yugoslavia ( Serbian Cyrillic : Томислав Карађорђевић ; Belgrade , 19 January 1928 -- 12 July 2000 ) was a member of the House of Karađorđević .
Imanuel Geiss was born in Frankfurt am Main , the youngest of the five children of a working - class family affected by the economic crisis .
Sonia Gaskell was born in Vilkaviškis , Russian Empire ( now located in Lithuania ) , of Russian Jewish parents and first studied ballet in Kharkov , Ukraine .
Alison MacCallum was born on 7 April 1951 and began her music career in 1967 , at the age of 16 , as the singer in a succession of Sydney bands .
Friedrich Eckenfelder was born in Bern , the second child of the housekeeper Rosina Vivian and the shoemaker Johann Friedrich Eckenfelder , who had moved from Balingen to Basel when he was appointed journeyman shoemaker in 1859 and there met his future wife .
Petr Tomašák ( born 20 February 1986 in Ostrava ) is a Czech football .
John Sirica was born in Waterbury , Connecticut , to Ferdinand and Rose ( Zinno ) Sirica , both of whom were Italian immigrants .
Oleg Dozmorov was born in Yekaterinburg , Russia ( former part of the Soviet Union ) in 1974 .
Giovanni Maria Bernardoni was born in northern Italy in the commune of Cagno in 1541 .
Ciara Sheehy ( born 12 August 1980 in Dublin ) is a retired Irish sprinter who competed primarily in the 200 metres .
Randy Steven Kraft was born in Long Beach , California , on March 19 , 1945 , the fourth child and only son born to Opal Lee ( née Beal ) and Harold Herbert Kraft .
Safia Shah ( Persian : سفیا شاه‎‎ , Gujarati : સફિયા શાહ ) , now Safia Thomas ( born 16 November 1966 in London ) is a British writer , editor and television news producer , following in the footsteps of her distinguished Anglo - Afghan Indian family .
Nabil Guelsifi ( born November 27 , 1986 in Lille , France ) is a French - Algerian footballer .
Matthieu Sprick ( born 29 September 1981 in Sarreguemines , Moselle ) is a French former professional cyclist who last rode for UCI ProTeam Giant - Alpecin .
Lonnie Thomas ( born August 3 , 1941 in Augusta , Georgia ) , known as Lonnie Youngblood , is an American saxophonist and bandleader best remembered for playing with Jimi Hendrix .
Shane O'Meara ( born 26 April 1992 , Ireland ) , is an Irish actor best known for playing Connor Mulgrew in Waterloo Road .
Jack Docherty ( born John Docherty , 1962 , Edinburgh ) is a Scottish writer , actor , presenter and producer .
Sacha Pecaric ( born 1965 in Rijeka ) is a Croatian born rabbi .
The son of Theresia and Nore S. Nordine , a contractor , Ken Nordine was born in Cherokee , Iowa .
Bülent Ersoy was born Bülent Erkoç on 9 June 1952 in Istanbul , Bülent began her career as a male singer , in the genre of Turkish classical music , and became an actor early on .
Christopher W.S. Ross ( born October 4 , 1943 in Quito , Ecuador ) is a former United States diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to Algeria and Syria .
Steve Mattin was born in Bedford , England on 29 October 1964 and grew up in Wootton .
Éric Carrière ( French pronunciation : ​(e.ʁik.ka.ʁjɛʁ ) ; born 24 May 1973 in Foix , Ariège ) is a former professional French association footballer who played for Dijon .
Sid Wallace ( born 30 May 1957 in Wigan , England ) was an English footballer who most famously played for Waterford United .
The Wax Girl is a Canadian post - rock project founded by Toronto - based producer and composer Alex Wright , in 2012 .
Adolf Ogi ( born 18 July 1942 ) is a Swiss politician from the village of Kandersteg in the Swiss Alps .
Jeff Dahl is an American musician born in Stuttgart , Germany in 1955 .
Martin Andrade Weber Chagas Carvalho or simply Martin Carvalho ( born March 11 , 1985 in Porto Alegre ) , is a former Brazilian striker .
Oleksandr Nad ' ( Ukrainian : Олександр Арпадович Надь , Hungarian : Sándor Árpád Nagy ) ( born 2 September 1985 in Uzhhorod , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian footballer of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for NB I club Budapest Honvéd .
Marion Black is an American soul singer and songwriter from Columbus , Ohio , best known for his 1970 song `` Who Knows '' .
Eduardo Missoni ( born July 31 , 1954 in Rome ) is an Italian medical doctor who has been active in numerous social causes .
Archibald Lamond Robertson , also known as Lammie Robertson , ( born 27 September 1947 in Paisley ) is a retired Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Burnley , Bury , Halifax Town , Brighton & Hove Albion , Exeter City , Leicester City , Peterborough United and Bradford City .
Georgia Henshaw ( born 11 July 1993 Swansea ) is a Welsh actress best known for her roles on British television .
Michael Castleman was born on February 2 , 1950 in Brookline , Massachusetts to parents of Ukrainian descent .
Charles Stirling was born in London on 28 April 1760 and baptised at St. Albans on 15 May.
Joel Tudor is a surfer , primarily known for longboarding , and competitive grappler from San Diego , California .
Ellen Jane Froman was born in University City , Missouri , the daughter of Anna Tillman ( née Barcafer 1874 - 1962 ) and Elmer Ellsworth Froman .
Amina Said , also spelled Amina Saïd ( born 1953 in Tunis ) is a francophone Tunisian author .
Ricardo Cousins came up through the youth system of Sporting Central Academy and Glenmiur High School in Clarendon , Jamaica .
Vicente Lim was born on February 24 , 1888 in the town of Calamba , Laguna , and was the third of Jose Ayala Lim - Yaoco and Antonia Podico 's four children .
Sanna Kämäräinen ( born 8 February 1986 in Lapinlahti ) is a Finnish athlete specialising in the discus throw .
Alexandra Silverthorne ( born 1980 ) is a Washington , D.C .- based artist and photographer .
Born in 1975 in Aarhus , Jutland , Astrid Kruse Jensen began her education as a photographer in 1995 when she studied at the School for Photography in Aarhus .
Pavel Derevyanko was born in the city of Taganrog , Rostov Oblast , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union .
Fabian Pawela ( born 30 November 1985 in Świdnica ) is a Polish professional football striker who last played for Olimpia Grudziądz .
Meredith Maran ( born 1951 , in New York ) is an author , book critic , and journalist .
Martina Haag , born Helen Martina Uusma on 9 June 1964 in Lidingö , is a Swedish actress and author .
Evgheni Hmaruc ( Russian : Евгений Хмарук , born 13 June 1977 in Tiraspol ) is a Moldovan footballer .
Suhas Gopinath ( born November 4 , 1986 in Bangalore ) is an Indian entrepreneur .
Kathrin Menzinger ( born 24.September 1988 in Vienna ) is an Austrian dancer
Orest Lenczyk ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɔrɛst ˈlɛnt͡ʂɨk ) ; born 28 December 1942 in Sanok ) is a Polish football manager and former player .
Zümrüt Cansel ( born 23 March 1963 , London , United Kingdom ) is a Turkish Cypriot actress .
Zhan Yilin ( Chinese : 战怡麟 ; Pinyin : Zhàn Yílín ; born 20 September 1989 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua .
Philippe Souchard ( born December 23 , 1979 ) is a French footballer , currently playing for French non - league team Niort Saint - Florent as a defender .
Born in Utuado , Puerto Rico , Adal Maldonado relocated to New York City at the age of seventeen .
Gülşah Kıyak was born 1989 in Ankara as the youngest child of the family .
Alexandre Orion ( born 1978 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian street artist , multimedia artist and photographer .
Ivan Perestiani was born in the city of Taganrog into the family of Nikolay Afanasievich Perestiani on April 13 , 1870 .
François Poncher was born in Tours in 1480 , the son of Louis de Poncher and his wife , Robine le Gendre .
Steve Plater ( born 22 August 1972 , in Luton ) is a former English motorcycle road racer .
Rick Salutin ( born 30 August 1942 , in Toronto ) is a Canadian novelist , playwright , journalist , and critic and has been writing for more than forty years .
Sammo Hung ( born 7 January 1952 ) , also known as Hung Kam - bo ( 洪金寶 ) , is a Hong Kong actor , martial artist , film producer and director , known for his work in many martial arts films and Hong Kong action cinema .
Khaled Mansoor Al Baba ( Arabic : خالد البابا‎ ) ( born in Syria ) is a Syrian football player who plays currently for Al - Taliya in Syria .
Brian Swibel is a Chicago born writer , director and producer , .
Sascha Palgen ( born 15 August 1984 in Esch - sur - Alzette ) is a Luxembourgian gymnast , who represented his nation at the Olympics for the first time in his sporting discipline since 1964 .
Vern Pullens ( born 1929 in Bogalusa , Louisiana ; died 2001 ) was a Rockabilly and country singer .
Vahide Perçin was born on 13 June 1965 in Karşıyaka district of İzmir to a family with Greek ancestry .
Stan Statham was born in 1939 , in the then - rural community of Chico , California .
Peter Lenk ( born 6 June 1947 , in Nuremberg ) is a German sculptor based in Bodman - Ludwigshafen on Lake Constance , known for the controversial sexual content of his public art .
Christian de la Mazière ( August 22 , 1922 in Tunis -- February 15 , 2006 ) was a journalist and member of the Charlemagne Division of the Waffen SS . He is known for discussing his role in the documentary The Sorrow and the Pity and also wrote a book titled The Captive Dreamer .
Mary Louise Weller ( born in New York City ) is an American actress .
Abner Lacock was born on July 7 , 1770 , near Alexandria , Virginia .
Peter Mawney ( c.1689 - 1754 ) was a member of one of the few French Huguenot families that remained in Rhode Island , following violent clashes with the English citizens of East Greenwich , Rhode Island over disputed land .
Wim Gijsen ( 20 August 1933 , Zwolle - 30 October 1990 ) was a Dutch science fiction and fantasy writer .
Sidney Corbett ( born April 26 , 1960 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American composer based in Germany .
Helan Abdulla ( born November 16 , 1988 ) , better known by her stage name Helly Luv , is a Kurdish singer , dancer , choreographer , actress and model who was born in Urmia , West Azerbaijan , Iran .
Ron Hextall was born on May 3 , 1964 in Brandon , Manitoba , the third and youngest child of Bryan and Fay Hextall .
Carlos de los Cobos Martínez ( born 10 December 1958 in Matamoros ) is a Mexican former football player and recently coach of the Querétaro in the Mexican Primera Division .
Abdou Nef died of injuries sustained in a traffic collision on 5 November 2013 , aged 18 , in his hometown of Boumerdès , Boumerdès Province .
Marshall Chapman ( born January 7 , 1949 , Spartanburg , South Carolina , United States ) is an American singer - songwriter and author .
David Stokes ( b. May 28 , 1982 , Dumfries , Virginia ) is an American soccer player , who last played three seasons in Major League Soccer and two in the USL First Division .
Aboutorab Esfahani was born in a great rich family in Isfahan .
Steve Higgins was born on August 13 , 1963 in Des Moines , Iowa , to Marian ( née Coppola ) Higgins and Harold Higgins , who managed the custodial operations in West Des Moines schools .
Rainer Brüninghaus ( born 21 November 1949 in Bad Pyrmont , Lower Saxony ) is a German jazz pianist and composer .
Xavier Sigalon was born in born at Uzès , Gard , towards the end of 1787 , son of a poor rural schoolmaster .
Lawrence Saint was born in 1885 in Sharpsburg , Pennsylvania , just outside Pittsburgh .
Joseph Welzenbacher was a German cyclist from Munich .
Christophe Rezai , ( Persian : کریستف رضاعی‎‎ ; Born 1966 , Toulouse ) , is an award - winning French - Iranian composer living in Tehran since 1994 .
Friedrich Franz Friedmann ( October 26 , 1876 -- February 19 , 1953 ) was a tuberculosis researcher in Berlin who came to New York City to give what he called the `` turtle vaccine '' to people who came to his clinic in 1913 .
Lilia Vaygina - Efremova ( born April 15 , 1977 in Cheboksary , Chuvashia , Soviet Union ) is a Russian ( until 2002 ) , Belarusian ( since 2002 till 2003 ) , and Ukrainian ( since 2003 ) biathlete .
Najwan Ghrayib ( Arabic : نجوان غريب‎ , Hebrew : נג'ואן גרייב‎ ; born January 30 , 1974 ) is an Arab - Israeli former footballer , and was recently assistant manager of his hometown club - Maccabi Ahi Nazareth .
Josef Aloys Frölich or Alois von Frölich ( 10 March 1766 , Marktoberdorf -- 11 March 1841 ) was a German doctor , botanist and entomologist .
Aigars Fadejevs ( born December 27 , 1975 in Valka ) is a Latvian athlete , competing in 20 km , 50 km walk and marathon running .
Mike Fasolo ( born January 28 , 1969 in Tuxedo , New York ) is an American writer best known for his work on the television show Robot Chicken .
Dan Marouelli ( born July 16 , 1955 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is an ex - National Hockey League referee , who wore uniform number 6 from the 1994 - -95 NHL season until his retirement .
Gor Mkhitarian ( Armenian : Գոռ Մխիթարյան ; born in 1973 in Vanadzor , Armenia ) is an Armenian singer and songwriter who started his musical career in Armenia .
Vinayak Lohani was born in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh and did his schooling there .
Member of a Mingrelian ( Western Georgia ) princely family of Svan descent , son of David Dadiani and his wife Ekaterine , Andria Dadiani was born in Zugdidi , W. Georgia .
Womack was born in Norman , Oklahoma , in 1937 to John Womack Sr . , also an historian .
Meir Shamgar ( Sterenberg or Sternberg ) was born in the Free City of Danzig ( modern Gdańsk , Poland ) to Eliezer and Dina Sterenberg .
Jack Kelsey was born in the Llansamlet area of Swansea .
Johannes Potken ( Latin Potkenius ) ( c.1470- c.1525 ) was a German scholar , papal secretary and printer from Cologne , active at the beginning of the sixteenth century .
Nathalie de Vries ( born in Appingedam in 1965 ) is a Dutch architect , lecturer and urbanist .
Sushmita Banerjee was born in Calcutta West Bengal ( present - day Kolkata , India ) to a middle - class Bengali Brahmin family .
Fiorenzo Bava - Beccaris was born in Fossano , and took part in the Crimean War and the Italian Wars of Independence .
Toni Golem , ( born 14 January 1982 in Split ) is a Croatian footballer who plays the center / right back on defence .
Benjamin Marere ( born December 15 , 1983 in Zimbabwe ) , is a Zimbabwean footballer , who currently plays for the Zimbabwe Northern Region Division One outfit Highfield United , but was on loan to FC Platinum from last season .
Porsche Lynn ( born February 14 , 1962 in St. Johns , Michigan , U.S. ) is the stage name of an American exotic dancer and pornographic actress .
Shelley Niro was born in Niagara Falls , New York in 1954 and grew up on the Six Nations Reserve , near Brantford , Ontario , Canada .
Gaspare Mutolo ( Palermo , February 5 , 1940 ) is a Sicilian mafioso , also known as `` Asparino '' .
Adelino Batista da Silva Neto usually known as his given name Adelino Batista ( born 27 January 1973 in Campina Grande ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Nikole Lowe , born in New Zealand , is a tattoo artist who is based in London , England .
Arik Roper ( born 1973 ) is a freelance illustrator and painter based in New York City .
Frank Adam ( August 18 , 1968 , Bruges ) is a Flemish author , mostly writing plays and philosophical works .
Costas Evangelatos is a Greek artist and poet born in Argostoli in 1957 but he is originated by his father side from Lixouri , Kefalonia .
Gris Davies - Scourfield was born in Patching , Sussex on 8 August 1918 , the fourth son of Henry G. Davies - Scourfield by Helen Newton .
Riccardo Capogna ( born March 30 , 1988 in Rome ) is an Italian professional football player and is currently a free agent .
Kent M. Keith ( born in Brooklyn ) , is an American writer and leader in higher education .
Courtney Fathom Sell ( born in Boston , Massachusetts January 28 , 1985 ) is an American filmmaker , outsider musician , composer , writer and video artist primarily recognized for his prolific independent filmmaking career .
Marie Nizet was born in Brussels into a literary family .
Quah Kim Lye ( born 1943 ) is a former Singapore national football team captain who played for National Football League side Tampines Rovers and the Singapore Lions in the Malaysia Cup as a striker .
Gerard Lee ( born 1951 in Melbourne ) is an Australian novelist , screenwriter and director .
Franz Anton , Count of Hohenzollern - Haigerloch ( 2 December 1657 at Sigmaringen Castle -- 14 October 1702 in Friedlingen ) , was a reigning Count of Hohenzollern - Haigerloch .
In Mouni Sadhu 's application for Australian citizenship , he states that he was born in Warsaw , Poland .
Richa Gangopadhyay was born on 20 March 1986 to Utpal and Paula Gangopadhyay , in New Delhi .
Reay Tannahill was born on 9 December 1929 in Glasgow , Scotland , where she brought up .
Jérôme Coppel ( born 6 August 1986 in Annemasse , Haute - Savoie ) is a French road bicycle racer for UCI Pro team IAM Cycling .
Annie Law was born in 1842 in Carlisle , England , the first of three children of John Law .
Piero Corti , whose real name was Pietro , was born in Besana in Brianza on 16 September 1925 .
Viggo Hagstrøm ( 16 February 1954 , Oslo -- 19 January 2013 ) was a Norwegian legal scholar , and professor of law at the Department of Private Law at the University of Oslo Faculty of Law .
Jin Qiang ( Chinese : 金强 , born 15 January 1993 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Dalian Aerbin in the Chinese Super League .
It states that she was born in Knaresborough , Yorkshire , in a cave now known as Mother Shipton 's Cave which , along with the Petrifying Well and associated parkland , is operated as a visitor attraction .
Lucy Walsh ( born December 3 , 1982 in Santa Barbara , California , United States ) is an American actress , singer , songwriter , and pianist .
Peire de Ladils de Bazas ( Occitan pronunciation : ( ˈpejɾe ðe laˈðilz ðe ˈβazɔs ) ) ( fl . c. 1325 - -1355 ) was an Gascon troubadour associated with the Consistori del Gay Saber in Toulouse .
Giampaolo Cheula ( born 23 May 1979 in Premosello - Chiovenda ) is an Italian professional mountain biking racer for Team KTM --
Charles Edwin Fripp was born in London , one of the twelve children of George Arthur Fripp ( 1822 - -1895 ) , a landscape artist , and Mary Percival .
Anthony Washington ( born January 16 , 1966 in Glasgow , Montana ) is an American former discus thrower , who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics .
Ahmed Boukhari ( Arabic : أحمد البوخاري‎ ; born 1938 in Safi ) is a former agent of Cab-1 , the political cell of the DST , the Moroccan internal secret service .
Oton Gliha was born 21 May 1914 in Črnomelj , then in Austria - Hungary , today in Slovenia .
Ibai Gómez Pérez ( born 11 November 1989 ) , known simply as Ibai , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao mainly as a left winger .
Kevin Drew ( born September 9 , 1976 ) is a Canadian musician and songwriter who , together with Brendan Canning , founded the expansive Toronto baroque - pop collective Broken Social Scene .
Sheree Fitch was born on 3 December 1956 in Ottawa , Ontario , where her father was serving with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
Jonny Blu is a singer / songwriter who was born and raised in Los Angeles , but made his professional debut into the music world in China .
Maggie Shayne was born and raised in a rural area near Syracuse , New York .
Chung Woon started playing football at Hakseong Elementary School , close to the Ulsan Hyundai FC , going on to the Hyundai Middle and High schools , before going to Myongji University in Seoul .
Maarten Ducrot ( born 8 April 1958 in Vlissingen ) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer , and currently cycling reporter for the Dutch television .
Arthur Lowder ( 11 February 1863 - 4 January 1926 ) was an English international footballer of the 1880s and 1890s who played as a left half with Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Havelka has been the lead vocalist for the Original Prague Syncopated Orchestra ( 1976 - 1995 ) and for Ondřej Havelka and his Melody Makers ( 1995 to present ) , and has directed and appeared in musicals and award - winning music videos .
Jason Jollins ( born in New York City ) is an international DJ and record producer .
Viktor Poltavets was born in Polohy ( today Zaporizhia Oblast ) on January 11 , 1925 .
Jacques Dezandre better known by his stage name Gogol Premier ( born 10 August 1957 , Paris ) is a French punk - rock singer .
Ivan Almonte was born in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic to his father Radhames and mother Altagracia Almonte .
Alexander Nahum Sack or Aleksandr Naumovich Zak , ( 5 October 1890 in Moscow , Russia -- 1955 in New York , United States ) , was a jurisprudence expert and professor of Russian law , specialized in international financial legislation .
Sayf ibn Umar al - Usayyidi al - Tamimi ( Arabic : سيف بن عمر‎ ) ( died 796 CE/ 180 AH ) , was an early Islamic historian from Kufa .
Gabriel Braga Nunes ( born February 7 , 1972 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian actor , best known for his work in telenovelas , especially Essas Mulheres , Cidadão Brasileiro , Caminhos do Coração and Poder Paralelo .
Lynda Laurence ( also spelled Lawrence , born Lynda Tucker , February 20 , 1949 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American singer .
Carlos May ( born May 17 , 1948 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is an American former professional baseball player .
Éric Carreel ( Amiens , 28 June 1959 ) , is a French engineer and serial entrepreneur .
Benjamin Graham was born Benjamin Grossbaum in London , England , to Jewish parents .
Peter Neale ( born 9 April 1934 in Bolsover , Derbyshire , England ) , is an English footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League .
Night Talk With Alexey Lushnikov was the 1st night broadcast in Saint - Petersburg .
Bob Oksner ( October 14 , 1916 in Paterson , New Jersey -- February 18 , 2007 ) was an American comics artist known for both adventure comic strips and for superhero and humor comic books , primarily at DC Comics .
Pierre Labrie ( born 23 April 1972 ) is a Québécois poet , born at Mont - Joli , Quebec .
Pen Densham ( born 14 October 1947 , Ruislip , Middlesex , United Kingdom ) is a British - Canadian - American film and television writer , producer , director and author , known for writing and producing films such as Robin Hood :
Alexander Hodgdon Stevens ( 4 September 1789 , New York City - 30 March 1869 , New York City ) was a United States surgeon .
Christina Surer ( born 26 March 1974 in Basel ) is a Swiss race car driver .
Gal Sapir is an Israeli footballer who has previously played for Beitar Tel Aviv Ramla .
Danilo Arbilla ( born in Casupá in 1943 ) is a Uruguayan journalist .
A.J. Freeley was born in Wellington and made his professional debut in 1989 .
Milan Haborák ( born 11 January 1973 in Prešov ) is a Slovak former shot putter , banned for life for doping .
Dean Evans ( born 7 March 1990 ) is an Australian footballer who currently plays for Perth SC .
Teresa Hill ( born May 9 , 1969 in Burley , Idaho ) is an American former actress She is currently self - employed as an interior designer for Teresa Hill Designs .
Francesca Porcellato ( born in Castelfranco Veneto September 5 , 1970 ) is an Italian wheelchair athlete .
Pierre Schoendoerffer was born in Chamalières of a French Alsatian Protestant family .
Menci Clement Crnčić was born on 3 April 1865 in Bruck na Muri then in Austria - Hungary ( now Bruck an der Mur , Austria ) .
Francisco Javier Errázuriz Ossa ( born 5 September 1933 ) is a Chilean and the Archbishop Emeritus of Santiago .
Goran Kartalija ( born January 17 , 1966 in Kljajićevo village near Sombor , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a naturalized Austrian football player last playing for SC St. Valentin .
Thomas De Corte ( born 31 March 1988 in Etterbeek ) is a Belgian professional footballer who is currently without a club .
Maria Sander ( October 30 , 1924 in Dinslaken -- January 12 , 1999 in Much ) was a German athlete who was born as Maria Domagala .
Anatoly Osmolovsky ( Moscow , July 1 , 1969 ) , is a Russian visual artist , performer , theorist , editor and teacher .
Marc McCulloch ( born 14 March 1980 in Edinburgh ) , is a Scottish football player .
Eugenio Francisco Reyes Morandé ( born July 6 , 1954 in Santiago ) , distinguished Chilean television , theatre and film actor .
Giulio Zorzi ( born January 3 , 1989 in Johannesburg ) is a South African swimmer who specializes in breaststroke events .
Brahim Lahlafi ( Arabic : إبراهيم لحلافي‎ ) ( born 15 April 1968 , in Fes ) is a retired long - distance runner who represented Morocco during his active career .
João Cutileiro , OSE ( born 26 June 1937 , at Lisbon ) is a Portuguese sculptor .
Hossein Nuri ( also written Hosein Noori or Hussein Nouri ) ( Persian : حسین نوری , born 1954 in Mashhad ) is an Iranian painter , dramaturge and filmmaker .
Pantea Rahmani ( Persian : پانته آ رحمانی‎‎ ) , born 10 September 1971 in Tehran , is a contemporary Iranian artist , who is well known for her self - portraits .
One of eight children , Frederick Van Voorhies Holman was born in Pacific County , Washington , in what was then part of the Oregon Territory .
A native of Boston , MA , Mo Beasley graduated from Howard University ( BA in Theater Arts ) and currently lives in Brooklyn , New York .
Marie Annonson is a retired elite acrobatic gymnast who is currently owner and head coach at the acrobatic gymnastics facility West Coast Training Center ( WCTC ) in Livermore , California .
Gerd Honsik ( born 10 October 1941 in Vienna ) is an Austrian writer and lyric poet , and a prominent Holocaust denier .
Ian Davenport was born in Sidcup , and studied art at the Northwich College of Art and Design in Cheshire before going to Goldsmiths College from where he graduated in 1988 .
Hugo Valente ( born 17 June 1992 , Choisy - le - Roi ) is a French auto racing driver .
Małgorzata Rożniecka ( born 1978 , in Szczecin ) is the third Polish winner of the Miss International beauty pageant .
Christian Ranucci was born to Jean Ranucci , a board painter and Indochina wars veteran , and Héloïse Mathon in Avignon , France on April 6 , 1954 .
Andrea Rizzoli ( Milan , September 16 , 1914 - Nice , May 31 , 1983 ) was an Italian entrepreneur , publisher , film producer .
Martin de Villamil , brother of the Ecuadorian independence hero José de Villamil , was born in New Orleans in 1783 , son of a trader and administrator ( mayordomo ) of the hospital of the city .
William Harrison Rice was born on October 12 , 1813 in Oswego , New York on the shore of Lake Ontario .
Bayliss Levrett ( February 14 , 1914 -- March 13 , 2002 ) was an American racecar driver from Jacksonville , Florida .
Emanuel Pastreich ( Chinese : 贝一明 ; Korean : 임마누엘 페스트라이쉬 , 李萬烈 ; Japanese : エマニュエル・パストリッチ ; born Nashville , Tennessee , 1964 ) in an American academic mainly active in Korea .
Larisa Turchinskaya ( Russian : Лариса Турчинская ) , née Nikitina ( Никитина ) , born 29 April 1965 in Kostroma , is a retired Russian heptathlete .
Imo Fiamalua ( born 17 September 1986 , Funafuti ) is a Tuvaluan footballer who has played for FC Nanumaga since 2007 .
Esteban Sapir ( born June 6 , 1967 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine cinematographer , film director , and screenplay writer .
Günter Wächtershäuser ( born 1938 in Gießen ) , a German chemist turned patent lawyer , is mainly known for his work on the origin of life , and in particular his iron - sulfur world theory , a theory that life on Earth had hydrothermal origins .
Simone Loiodice ( born March 16 , 1989 in Rome ) is an Italian professional football player who currently plays for APD Loops Ribelle .
Max Matern was born in Berndshof near Ueckermünde and grew up in meager circumstances in Quitzdorf am See in eastern Saxony .
Sonja Bernhardt ( born 1959 in Launceston , Tasmania ) was employed as a consultant by Mincom Limited prior to February 1999 when she established her own software development firm --
Arpenik Charents ( Armenian : Արփենիկ Չարենց , July 25 , 1932 in Yerevan - February 12 , 2008 in Yerevan ) was an Armenian writer , literary critic , specialist in Charents studies .
DJ Premier was born in Houston , Texas , and was then raised in Prairie View , Texas , before living in Brooklyn , New York , during his teenage years .
Born on 7 January 1907 in Ozurgeti , Viktor Leselidze was raised in a military family , being one of four brothers serving in the Soviet army .
Kirsty Lee Allan ( born 15 December 1984 , Dubbo , New South Wales ) is an Australian actress and former fashion model .
Mohamed Bouazizi , who was known locally as `` Basboosa '' , was born in Sidi Bouzid , Tunisia , on 29 March 1984 .
Dayanara Torres Delgado ( born October 28 , 1974 in San Juan ) is a Puerto Rican actress , singer , model , writer and beauty queen who won Miss Universe 1993 .
Jürgen Sparwasser ( born 4 June 1948 in Halberstadt ) is a retired German football player and later briefly a football manager .
Marie Anne Victoire Pigeon d'Osangis ( 1724 , Paris -- 1767 , Berlin ) was a French mathematician and writer .
Jack Noren ( October 19 , 1929 , Chicago - March 17 , 1990 , Chicago ) was a jazz drummer and vocalist born in America but best known for his work in Sweden .
Ernst Stizenberger ( 14 June 1827 , Konstanz -- 27 September 1895 ) was a German physician and botanist .
In 968 he went to Lobbes , where he incited such opposition against the Abbot Folcwin that Bishop Notker of Liège restored order by force , and in 972 sent Ratherius back to the Abbey of Aulne , where he remained until his death at Namur on 25 April 974 .
Antonio Franconi ( 1738 in Venice , Italy - 1836 in Paris , France ) was an Italian equestrian .
Hermann Weller ( 4 February 1878 -- 9 December 1956 ) was a German Indiologist and neo - Latin poet born in Schwäbisch Gmünd , died in Tübingen .
Gheorghe Vrânceanu ( June 30 , 1900 , Valea Hogei , Lipova , Bacău County -- April 27 , 1979 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian mathematician , best known for his work in differential geometry and topology .
Henryk Jordan ( 23 July 1842 , Przemyśl -- 16 May 1907 , Kraków ) , was a Polish philanthropist , physician and pioneer of physical education in Poland .
Toni Hagen ( August 17 , 1917 in Luzern -- April 18 , 2003 in Lenzerheide ) was a Swiss geologist and a pioneer of Swiss development assistance .
Miguel Ortiz Berrocal ( Villanueva de Algaidas , Málaga , 28 September 1933 -- Antequera , Málaga , 31 May 2006 ) was an award winning Spanish figurative and abstract sculptor .
Israel Isserlin ( ישראל איסרלן ; Israel Isserlein ben Petachia ; 1390 in Maribor , Duchy of Styria -- 1460 in Wiener Neustadt , Lower Austria ) was a Talmudist , and Halakhist , best known for his Terumat HaDeshen , which served as one source for HaMapah , the component of the Shulkhan Arukh by Moses Isserles .
Bernardino Castelli ( 15 June 1750 , Arsiè - 24 February 1810 , Venice ) was an Italian painter of portraits and religious figures .
Enric Valor i Vives ( Catalan pronunciation : ( enˈriɡ vaˈloɾ ) ; 1911 in Castalla , Alicante -- 2000 in Valencia ) was a Spanish narrator and grammarian who made one of the most important contributions to the re - collection and recovery of Valencian lexicography and its standardization in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Jan Griffier ( ca 1652 - -1718 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter who was active in England , where he was admitted to the London Company of Painter - Stainers in 1677 .
Robert Le Lorrain ( 1666 -- 1743 ) was a French baroque sculptor who was born in Paris .
Edmond Saglio ( 9 June 1828 in Paris -- 7 December 1911 ) was a French archaeologist .
Melchiorre Murenu ( Macomer 1803 -- Bosa 1854 ) was a blind Sardinian poet .
Édouard Deldevez was born and died in Paris , France .
Dr Walter Thiel ( March 3 , 1910 Breslau - August 18 , 1943 Karlshagen , near Peenemünde ) was a German rocket scientist .
Barbara Manfredi ( 1444 - -1466 ) was the wife of Pino III Ordelaffi , lord of Forlì ( Italy ) .
Philemon Beecher moved to Lancaster , Ohio , in 1801 and continued the practice of law , being admitted to the bar while Ohio was still the Northwest Territory .
Henry II , Count of Nassau - Siegen ( 9 August 1611 in Siegen -- 27 October 1652 in Hulst ) was Count of Nassau - Siegen from 1611 to 1623 .
Fra Diavolo ( lit . Brother Devil ; 7 April 1771 - -11 November 1806 ) , is the popular name given to Michele Pezza , a famous Neapolitan guerrilla leader who resisted the French occupation of Naples , proving an `` inspirational practitioner of popular insurrection '' .
Franco Cuomo ( 22 April 1938 in Naples -- 23 July 2007 in Rome ) was an Italian journalist and writer .
Kurt Huldschinsky ( * 1883 in Berlin ; † 15 December 1940 in Alexandria , Egypt ) was a German Pediatrician of Polish heritage ( Prussian ) .
Elio Augusto Di Carlo ( 2 September 1918 , Amatrice , Italy -- 27 July 1998 , Cantalupo in Sabina , Italy ) , was an Italian ornithologist , historian and physician .
Jaime Milans del Bosch y Ussía ( 8 June 1915 , in Madrid -- 26 July 1997 , in Madrid ) was a Lieutenant General in the Spanish Army who was dismissed in 1981 for his role in the failed coup d'état of 23 February 1981 ( 23-F ) .
Mark Brovun ( 24 July 1946 -- 9 October 2012 ) was a Ukrainian cultural employee , awardee of Taras Shevchenko National Prize of Ukraine , Art Director of Donetsk National Musical and Drama Theatre .
Vincenzo de Vit ( b. Mestrina , near Padua , 10 July 1810 ; d. Domodossola , 17 August 1892 ) was an Italian Latin scholar and historian of Ancient Rome .
Henri - Étienne Beaunis ( 2 August 1830 , Amboise -- 20 July 1921 , Le Cannet ) was a French physiologist and psychologist .
Józef Gara ( 29 January 1929 -- 10 July 2013 ) was a miner who spoke an endangered language of Wilamowice , Wymysorys , which had only 70 native speakers , and created the Wymysorys alphabet .
Max Adalbert died of pneumonia while in Munich for a guest performance , and was buried at the celebrities cemetery Südwestkirchhof at Berlin Stahnsdorf .
Pieter van Abeele ( 1608 - February 21 , 1684 ( buried ) ) was a Dutch medallist and coiner in Amsterdam .
In 1541 , at the age of twenty - two , Girolamo Benzoni travelled from his hometown of Milan ( Italy ) to Sanlúcar de Barrameda , Spain , and then on to the New World .
Jacques Feyder died in 1948 at Prangins , Switzerland , and he was buried in the Cimetière de Sorel Moussel , Eure et Loir , France .
Nicolas Heurteloup is a French military physician and surgeon , who was born November 26 , 1750 in Tours ( Indre - et - Loire ) and died in Paris March 27 , 1812 .
He was the only son of Royal Navy lieutenant James Bremer ( who went missing in the East Indiaman Halswell off the coast of Dorset , England , on 6 January 1786 ) and his wife Ann , daughter of Captain James Norman .
Carlotta Perry ( 1839 in Michigan - 1914 in Chicago ) was among a group of premier women poets of the late 19th century .
Gustaaf Sorel ( Ostend , 17 January 1905 -- Ostend , 14 May 1981 ) was a Belgian painter and draughtsman known for his representations of gloomy people and bleak street sights .
Carlo Maria Badini ( 2 June 1925 , Bologna -- 19 April 2007 , Bologna ) was a renowned Italian arts administrator .
Christine Enghaus , pseudonym of Johanne Louise Christine Engehausen , ( 9 February 1815 in Braunschweig -- 29 June 1910 in Vienna ) was a German actress and wife of the German playwright Friedrich Hebbel .
Concino Concini , marquis d'Ancre ( Florence , 1575 -- Paris , 24 April 1617 ) , was an Italian politician , best known for being a minister of Louis XIII of France , as the favourite of his mother .
Anatol Stern ( 24 October 1899 in Warsaw -- 19 October 1968 in Warsaw ) was a Polish poet , writer and art critic .
Louis Lambillotte ( born Lahamaide , ( Hainaut , Belgium ) , 27 March 1796 ; died Paris , 27 February 1855 ) was a Belgian Jesuit , composer and palaeographer of Church music , associated with the restoration of Gregorian music , which he inaugurated and promoted by his scientific researches and publications .
Henri - Edgar Lavigueur ( 16 February 1867 -- 29 October 1943 ) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and served as alderman and Mayor of Quebec City where he was born .
Robert Triffin ( 5 October 1911 , Flobecq , Belgium -- 23 February 1993 , Ostend , Belgium ) was a Belgian economist best known for his critique of the Bretton Woods system of fixed currency exchange rates .
Johanna Wolff , née Kielich ( born 30 January 1858 in Tilsit , died 3 May 1943 in Orselina , Switzerland ) was a popular German writer .
Fritz Oeser ( May 18 , 1911 , Gera -- February 23 , 1982 , Kassel ) was a musicologist , most famous for preparing restored versions of Bizet 's Carmen in 1964 and Offenbach 's Les contes d'Hoffmann in 1976 .
Otto Hermann Lindt ( born 9 February 1872 in Bern - died 21 October 1937 in Bern ) was a Swiss politician who served as the ninth mayor of Bern .
Dutchman Dirk Klinkenberg ( 15 November 1709 , Haarlem -- 3 March 1799 , The Hague ) was secretary of the Dutch government for 40 years .
Durward Kirby died of congestive heart failure in Fort Myers , Florida , in 2000 at the age of 88 .
Luis Aponte Martínez ( August 4 , 1922 - -April 10 , 2012 ) was Archbishop of San Juan in Puerto Rico .
Nathaniel Pearce reports that Yonas was living in exile in Gojjam at the time of his death , and died penniless `` without leaving sufficient even to purchase a coffin to receive ... ( his ) remains , or money enough for fettart or toscar . ''
Charles Wolcott ( September 29 , 1906 in Flint , United States -- 1987 in Haifa , Israel ) was a music composer who served as a member of the Universal House of Justice , the supreme governing body of the Bahá'í Faith , between 1963 and 1987 .
Sam Zimbalist ( March 31 , 1904 , New York -- November 4 , 1958 , Rome , Italy ) was an American film producer .
Willi Nemitz was one of the oldest operational fighter pilots . His first known Soviet victory , was a LaGG-3 on 22 June 1942.He was killed on April 11 , 1943 after aerial combat with Russian fighters over Anapa / Krasnodar . Willi Nemitz was credited with 81 victories in about 500 missions .
Vytautas Kubilius ( November 23 , 1928 , Aukštadvarys , Rokiškis district , Lithuania -- February 17 , 2004 , Vilnius ) was Lithuanian literary critic and political activist .
Crispus Attucks ( c.1723 - -March 5 , 1770 ) was the first casualty of the Boston massacre , in Boston , Massachusetts , and is widely considered to be the first American casualty in the American Revolutionary War .
Ricardo Acevedo Bernal ( 4 May 1867 , Bogotá - 7 April 1930 , Rome ) was a Colombian portrait painter , composer and photographer .
Marcella Rabwin ( born 15 May 1908 , Richmond , Virginia -- d. 25 December 1998 , New York City ) was a Hollywood figure and civic leader .
Albert Ballin ( 15 August 1857 -- 9 November 1918 ) was a German shipping magnate , who was the general director of the Hamburg - Amerikanische Packetfahrt - Actien - Gesellschaft ( HAPAG ) or Hamburg - America Line , at times the world 's largest shipping company .
Urbano Dalle Fosse , better known as Urbano Bolzanio ( Belluno , 1442 -- Venice , April 1524 ) , was an Italian humanist and Hellenist
Feliza Bursztyn ( September 8 , 1933 , Bogotá , Colombia -- January 8 , 1982 , Paris , France ) was a Colombian sculptor .
Karl Immanuel Nitzsch ( September 21 , 1787 , Borna -- August 21 , 1868 , Berlin ) , was a German Lutheran church leader .
Ante Topić Mimara ( 7 April 1898 in Korušce -- 30 January 1987 in Zagreb ) was a Croatian art collector and philanthropist .
Friedrich Reindel ( 6 September 1824 , Werben ( Elbe ) -- 27 September 1908 , Magdeburg ) was Royal Prussian executioner ( German : Scharfrichter ) from 1873 to 1898 .
Lars Roberg ( Stockholm 4 January 1664 -- Uppsala 21 May 1742 ) was a Swedish physician .
Sasha Filippov was born in 1925 in Stalingrad ( modern - day Volgograd ) , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union .
Johann Pfeffinger ( 27 December 1493 , Wasserburg am Inn -- 1 January 1573 , in Leipzig ) was a significant theologian and Protestant Reformer .
Lina Carstens ( 6 December 1892 in Wiesbaden -- 22 September 1978 in Munich ) was a German film - and theater actress .
Jacopo della Quercia takes his name from Quercia Grossa ( now Quercegrossa ) , a place near Siena , where he was born in 1374 .
Willi Graf ( 2 January 1918 in Kuchenheim near Euskirchen -- 12 October 1943 in Munich ) was a Roman Catholic member of the White Rose ( Weiße Rose ) resistance group in Nazi Germany .
Francesco Illy ( Hungarian : Illy Ferenc ; 1892 , Temesvár , Austria - Hungary ( now Timişoara , Romania ) -- 1956 , Trieste , Italy ) was a Hungarian financial accountant , bookkeeper and inventor of coffee machinery .
Andrzej Krzanowski ( 9 April 1951 in Czechowice - Dziedzice -- 1 October 1990 in Czechowice - Dziedzice ) was a Polish composer of classical music , accordionist , and teacher .
Aleksandr Shadrin ( Russian : Александр Шадрин ) ( 4 September 1988 -- 21 June 2014 ) was a Uzbekistani professional footballer of Russian descent who played as a striker for Lokomotiv Tashkent and the Uzbekistan national team .
Luigi Piavi , OFM ( born on 17 March 1833 in Ravina , Italy - died on 24 January 1905 in Jerusalem , Israel ) was a Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem .
Amir Kabir was sent to Kashan under duress and kept in isolation by the Shah 's decree .
Prince Boris Borisovich Golitsyn ( March 2 ( O.S. February 18 ) 1862 in Saint Petersburg -- May 17 ( O.S. May 4 ) 1916 near Petrograd ) was a prominent Russian physicist who invented the first electromagnetic seismograph in 1906 .
Włodzimierz Tetmajer ( December 31 , 1861 in Harklowa -- December 26 , 1923 in Kraków ) was a Polish painter with works in collections of the Warsaw National Museum and Kraków .
This method , which is connected with nationalist understandings of folk culture , involves careful comparison of variant texts of an item of folklore to the end of identifying the `` original '' version ( as well as its origin ) Julius Krohn died by drowning in Bay of Vyborg in a yachting accident at the age of 53 .
Juan Latino , born Juan de Sessa , ( Baena , 1518 -- Granada , 1596 ) , was a Spanish black professor at Granada during the sixteenth century .
Pierre - Étienne Monnot ( 9 August 1657 -- 24 August 1733 ) was a French sculptor from the Franche - Comté who settled in Rome in 1687 for the rest of his life .
Gilbert Burnet ( 18 September 1643 -- 17 March 1715 ) was a Scottish philosopher and historian , and Bishop of Salisbury .
Mark Alan Wilson ( January 20 , 1953 -- February 24 , 2005 ) was a Tyler , Texas man , killed during a shooting outside the Smith County Courthouse in Tyler , Texas .
Roger Williamson ( 2 February 1948 -- 29 July 1973 ) was a British racing driver who died during the 1973 Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort Circuit in the Netherlands .
Marcus Antonius Coccius Sabellicus ( 1436 - -1506 ) was a scholar and historian from Venice .
Leo Spitzer ( 7 February 1887 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary -- 16 September 1960 in Forte dei Marmi , Italy ) was an Austrian Romanist and Hispanist , and an influential and prolific literary critic .
Constantin Fahlberg ( 22 December 1850 in Tambov -- 15 August 1910 in Nassau , aged 59 ) discovered the sweet taste of anhydroorthosulphaminebenzoic acid in 1877 - -78 when analysing the chemical compounds in coal tar at Johns Hopkins University for Professor Ira Remsen ( 1846 - -1927 , aged 81 ) .
Aurelio Galleppini ( born August 28 , 1917 , Casale di Pari -- d. March 10 , 1994 , Chiavari ) , better known with his nickname Galep , was an Italian comics artist and illustrator , best known as graphic creator of Tex Willer in 1948 .
Peter Andreas Hansen ( born December 8 , 1795 Tønder , Schleswig , Denmark -- died March 28 , 1874 Gotha , Thuringia , Germany ) was a Danish German astronomer .
Arthur - Marie Le Hir ( b. at Morlaix , Finistère , in the Diocese of Quimper , France , 5 December 1811 ; d. at Paris , 13 January 1868 ) was a French Biblical scholar and Orientalist .
Bertechramnus or Bertram of Le Mans was one of the wealthiest bishops of 6th century Gaul .
David Enskog ( April 22 , 1884 , Västra Ämtervik , Sunne -- June 1 , 1947 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish mathematical physicist .
Valerio Corte ( Venice , 1530 -- Genoa , 1580 ) was an Italian painter and alchemist of the Renaissance .
D. Luís da Cunha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( luˈiʒ ðɐ ˈkuɲɐ ) ; 25 January 1662 in Lisbon -- 9 October 1749 in Paris ) was a Portuguese diplomat that served under D. João V of Portugal .
Jens Laursøn Emborg ( 22 December 1876 , Ringe -- 18 April 1957 , Vordingborg ) was a Danish organist and composer .
Olivier Kahn ( 13 September 1942 Paris , France -- 8 December 1999 Paris France ) was a French chemist .
Johannes Daniel Falk ( 28 October 1768 Danzig -- 14 February 1826 Weimar ) was a German publisher and poet .
Juan Miguel Rodríguez de la Cruz ( born February 1902 in Villa Clara , Cuba ; died 1990 in Havana ) was a Cuban artist .
John Townson ( died 1835 ) was an army officer and settler in the colony of New South Wales .
Julie Vinter Hansen died in 1960 , from a heart - failure just days before her retirement , in her beloved vacation destination , the Swiss mountain village of Mürren , and was buried in Copenhagen .
Thomas Archibald Sprague ( 7 October 1877 Edinburgh , Scotland -- 22 October 1958 Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , England ) was a Scottish botanist .
António Leal Moreira ( born Abrantes , June 30 , 1758 - died Lisbon , November 26 , 1819 ) was a Portuguese composer and organist .
Florentine Rost van Tonningen - Heubel died of old age on 24 March 2007 in her home in Waasmunster , at the age of 92 .
Richard Erdoes ( Hungarian Erdős , German Erdös was born in Frankfurt or Vienna , 7 July 1912 - -Santa Fe , 16 July 2008 ) was a journalist , editor , illustrator and author .
Étienne - Jules Marey ( French : ( maʁɛ ) ; 5 March 1830 , Beaune , Côte - d'Or -- 15 May 1904 , Paris ) was a French scientist , physiologist and chronophotographer .
Orazio de Ferrari ( 1606 - -1657 ) was an Italian artist , active in the Baroque period , born in Voltri , a suburb of Genoa .
Marcia Moretto , born in 1949 in Argentina and died in 1981 in Paris , was an Argentinian dancer , choreographer and director .
Captain François Mingaud ( sometimes spelled Mingot , Mengaud or Minguad , and often referred to simply as M. Mingaud ; born 4 January 1771 Le Cailar , Nîmes , France , died 23 December 1847 , Rotterdam , Netherlands ) was an infantry officer in the French army and a carom billiards player .
Petr Čepek ( 16 September 1940 in Prague -- 20 September 1994 in Vrchlabí ) was a Czech actor associated with The Drama Club in Prague .
At that time a 35-year - old rancher , Andrés Pico lived in Pueblo de Los Angeles .
Anton Krautheimer ( born 1879 ; died during the 20th century ) was a German sculptor who lived in Munich .
Fritz Oliven , also known as Rideamus ( May 10 , 1874 - June 30 , 1956 ) was a German lawyer and writer who was born in Breslau and died in 1956 in Porto Alegre , Brazil .
Karl Friederichs ( 7 April 1831 in Delmenhorst -- 18 October 1871 in Berlin ) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist .
Dorila Antommarchi de Rojas ( born 1850s , Cúcuta , Colombia ) published numerous poems and sometimes used the pseudonym Colombiana .
Louisa Catherine Shore ( February 1824 , Potton , Bedfordshire -- 24 May 1895 Wimbledon , England ) was an English poet .
Alois Delug ( 25 May 1859 -- 17 September 1930 ) was an Austrian painter and a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts , Vienna .
Anthony Alessandrini , better known by his stage name Tony Aless ( August 28 , 1921 , in Garfield , New Jersey -- September 23 , 1985 , in New York City ) was an American jazz pianist .
Anna Pavlovna of Russia ( Russian : Анна Павловна ; St. Petersburg , 18 January 1795 -- The Hague , 1 March 1865 ) was a queen consort of the Netherlands .
Eleanor of Toledo died at Pisa in 1562 .
Johan Thorn Prikker ( June 5 , 1868 , The Hague - March 5 , 1932 , Cologne ) was a Dutch painter and designer in the Art Nouveau style .
Alexandru Cantacuzino - Deleanu or Alexandros Kantakouzinos ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Καντακουζηνός : 1787 in Iași , Moldavia -- 1841 in Athens , Greece ) was a Phanariote Romanian - Greek magnate and politician .
John Younger is buried in the Yeater - Cleveland Cemetery in St. Clair County , Missouri , about 4 - -5 miles NE of Oceola , MO .
Hovhannes Hintliyan ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Հինդլյան , Üsküdar , Ottoman Empire , 1866 -- Istanbul , March 16 , 1950 ) was an Armenian teacher , pedagogue , publisher , and educator .
Jean - Marie Villard ( 3 January 1828 , Ploaré , Finistère - 16 August 1899 , Ploaré ) was a French - Breton painter and photographer .
Achille Graffigna ( 5 May 1816 , San Martino dall'Argine - 19 July 1896 , Padua ) was an Italian composer and conductor .
Hubertus Quellinus or Hubert Quellinus ( August 15 , 1619 , Antwerp -- 1687 ) was a Flemish printmaker , draughtsman and painter and a member of the prominent Quellinus family of artists .
Piotr Włostowic ( c. 1080 -- 1153 ) , also known as Peter Wlast or Włost ) was a Polish noble , castellan of Wrocław , and a ruler ( możnowładca ) of part of Silesia .
Elias von Steinmeyer ( 8 February 1848 , Nowawes , near Potsdam -- 8 March 1922 , Erlangen ) was a German philologist .
Elliott Nugent ( September 20 , 1896 , Dover , Ohio - August 9 , 1980 , New York City ) was an American actor , playwright , writer , and film director .
Edmond Foley ( 1897 -- 7 June 1921 ) , sometimes known as Edmund or Edward , was a member of the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) who was hanged in Mountjoy Prison on 7 June 1921 .
Zachariah Allen ( September 15 , 1795 -- March 17 , 1882 ) was an American textile manufacturer , scientist , lawyer , writer , inventor and civil leader from Providence , Rhode Island .
Arthur von Briesen died in 1981 , near Konstanz .
Yosef Chaim Sonnenfeld , also spelled Zonnenfeld , ( 1 Dec 1848 --26 Feb 1932 ) was the rabbi and co - founder of the Edah HaChareidis , Haredi Jewish community in Jerusalem , during the years of the British Mandate of Palestine .
Pietro Tagliavia d'Aragonia was born in Palermo ca .
Wang Guangmei studied French , Russian and English , and earned a degree in physics from the Catholic University of Peking in Beijing .
Christian Magnus Falsen was born at Christiania , now Oslo , Norway .
Eugen Fraenkel ( born on September 28 , 1853 , in Neustadt , now Prudnik , Poland , and died in Hamburg , Germany , on December 20 , 1925 ) was a German bacteriologist .
Gerrit Dou ( 7 April 1613 -- 9 February 1675 ) , also known as Gerard and Douw or Dow , was a Dutch Golden Age painter , whose small , highly polished paintings are typical of the Leiden fijnschilders .
Nothing further is known about Heraklonas after his removal and exile to Rhodes .
Nicolò Coccon ( August 10 , 1826 in Venice -- August 4 , 1903 in Venice ) was an Italian composer , conductor , organist and teacher .
Pere Calders i Rossinyol ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈpeɾə kəɫˈdes ) ) ( Barcelona , 29 September 1912 - 21 July 1994 ) was a Catalan writer and cartoonist .
Johann Adam Hiller ( 25 December 1728 , Wendisch - Ossig , Saxony -- 16 June 1804 , Leipzig ) was a German composer , conductor and writer on music , regarded as the creator of the Singspiel , an early form of German opera .
Gerard Pieter Adolfs ( born 2 January 1898 in Semarang , Central - Java ; died 1 February 1968 in ' s - Hertogenbosch , the Netherlands ) was a Dutch East Indies painter and architect .
Richard Hüttig ( 18 March 1908 in Roßleben - Bottendorf -- 14 June 1934 in Berlin , executed ) was a prewar German Communist who was put to death , apparently more for his political convictions than for any crime he committed .
Rincón Gallardo was born in Mexico City into an upper - class family descendant of the Marquess of Guadalupe and Count of Regla , and composed of Gilberto Rincón Gallardo Gallardo and Blanca Meltis González .
Jacques Faizant ( 30 October 1918 in Laroquebrou - 14 January 2006 in Suresnes ) was a French caricaturist .
Virginia Starcher died at the Hubbard Hospice House in Charleston , West Virginia on December 19 , 2012 , and Harold died on May 6 , 2013 .
Oriol Martorell i Codina ( Barcelona , 1927 - -1996 ) was a musical director , pedagogue and professor of history .
Angelo Jank ( 30 October 1868 , Munich - 9 October 1940 , Munich ) was a German animal painter , illustrator and member of the Munich Secession .
William Didier - Pouget ( Toulouse 14 November 1864 - Digulleville 12 September 1959 ) was a French artist , born in 1864 , Toulouse , France , known for his landscape paintings .
María Amelia López Soliño ( 23 December 1911 , Corcubión , A Coruña , Galicia , Spain -- 20 May 2009 , Pontevedra , Galicia , Spain ) was the oldest - known woman blogger at the time of her death in 2009 aged 97 .
Lorenzo Vázquez de Segovia was a 15th - century Spanish architect and builder noted for completing the Santa Cruz Palace in 1491 in Valladolid and a number of other handsome buildings in the Castile region of western Spain ( Palace of the Dukes of Medinaceli ( Cogolludo ) ) .
Walter L. Shaw died of prostate cancer on July 21 , 1996 in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Sandro Paternostro ( Palermo , 9 August 1922 - London , 23 July 2000 ) was an Italian journalist and television presenter .
Nomasu Nakaguma , also known as Naomasa or Tadamasu Nakaguma , was a colonel and a commander in the Imperial Japanese Army during the Pacific campaign in World War II . During the strategically significant Guadalcanal campaign , Nakaguma commanded the 2nd Infantry Division 's 4th Infantry Regiment .
Matteo Bonechi ( November 8 , 1669 in Florence -- February 27 , 1756 in Florence ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period , active mainly in Florence .
fcre He also once served as a director of Douglas Aircraft Corp. Luis de Florez died in November 1962 , at the age of 73 in the cockpit of his airplane , which was ready for take - off at a Connecticut airport .
Maksymilian Fajans ( 1827 in Sieradz -- 1890 in Warsaw ) was a Polish - Jewish artist , lithographer and photographer .
At this point , Liu Ju had fled to Hu County ( 湖縣 , in modern Sanmenxia , Henan ) and took refuge in the home of a poor shoemaker .
Peter Thullen ( 24 August 1907 in Trier -- 24 June 1996 in Lonay ) was a German / Ecuadorian mathematician .
Adrian Dalsey ( October 14 , 1914 , Illinois - October 10 , 1994 , Walnut Creek , California ) was a co - founder of DHL , a shipping company ( Dalsey was the `` D '' in DHL ) .
Born and raised in Amsterdam , Jan Potharst began his football career in the youth ranks of local side VVA , before switching over to play in the ranks of Ajax at the age of 14 .
Tadeusz Pankiewicz ( November 21 , 1908 in Sambor -- November 5 , 1993 buried in Kraków ) , was a Polish Roman Catholic pharmacist , operating in the Kraków Ghetto during the Nazi German occupation of Poland .
Matangi Tonga reported that George Tupou V died from leukemia at 15:15 HKT on 18 March 2012 at Queen Mary Hospital in Pok Fu Lam , Hong Kong , though governing institutions in Tonga did not immediately confirm it .
After his initial education , at the Municipal Board ( MB ) High School Batala , Lt . General Aftab Ahmad Khan graduated from the Government College , Lahore , and joined the Indian Military Academy , Dehradun .
Eliška Kleinová , born Elisabeth `` Lisa '' Klein ( February 27 , 1912 , Přerov , Moravia -- September 2 , 1999 , Prague ) was a Czech Jewish pianist , music educator , and was the sister of Gideon Klein .
Gusztáv Sebes ( born Gusztáv Scharenpeck ; 22 January 1906 , in Budapest -- 30 January 1986 , in Budapest ) was a Hungarian footballer and coach .
Johann Nepomuk Hoechle ( 16 September 1790 , Munich - 12 December 1835 , Vienna ) was an Austrian painter and lithographer who specialized in scenes from military actions and current events .
Marian Glinka ( 1 June 1943 in Warsaw - 23 June 2008 in Warsaw ) was a Polish actor and bodybuilder .
Enrique Jardiel Poncela ( 15 October 1901 , Madrid -- 18 February 1952 ) was a Spanish playwright and novelist who wrote mostly humorous works .
Opothleyahola died in the Creek refugee camp near the Sac and Fox Agency at Quenemo in Osage County , Kansas on March 22 , 1863 .
Paul Gerber ( born in 1854 Berlin , Germany ; died August 13 , 1909 Freiburg i m Breisgau , Germany ) was a German physicist .
Wilhelm Bäder ( 21 March 1922 -- 22 March 1945 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . Bäder was killed on 22 March 1945 in Hofen , Germany .
José António Marques , founder of the Portuguese Red Cross , was born in Lisbon on 29 January 1822 , and died in the same city on 8 November 1884 .
Andrew Dickson Murray FRSE FLS ( 19 February 1812 , Edinburgh -- 10 January 1878 , Kensington ) was a Scottish lawyer , botanist , zoologist and entomologist .
Johann Georg Grasel ( April 4 , 1790 in Nové Syrovice near Moravské Budějovice -- January 31 , 1818 , hanged in Vienna ) was the leader of robber 's gang .
Dave Simmonds ( 25 October 1939 in London -- 23 October 1972 in Rungis , France ) was a British former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Ramiro Núñez de Guzmán ( León , Spain , c. 1600 - Madrid , 1668 ) was a Spanish nobleman .
Guillaume de Beaujeu , aka William of Beaujeu , was the 21st Grand Master of the Knights Templar , from 1273 until his death during the siege of Acre in 1291 .
Guy Oliver died at age 53 from cancer at Hollywood Hospital in Hollywood , California .
Gale Bruno van Albada ( 28 March 1912 , Amsterdam -- 18 December 1972 , Amsterdam ( ? ) ) was a Dutch astronomer .
from Liguria . Biamonti himself wrote of Barbardirame 's work : `` His peasants , his women , his Christs have lost every crudeness , without losing the truth of their solidity ... '' Barbadirame died in Bordighera , Italy , on 15 January 2010 .
Paul Boldt ( 1885 , Christfelde , West Prussia - 1921 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was one of the poets of German Expressionism .
John Africa ( July 26 , 1931 -- May 13 , 1985 ) , born Vincent Leaphart , was a founder of MOVE , a Philadelphia - based , self - proclaimed black liberation group active in the early 1970s .
Morton Prince came from a wealthy Boston family and was involved in the social and intellectual life of that city .
Vojtěch Šafařík ( 26 October 1829 , Újvidék , Bács - Bodrog County , Vojvodina , Hungary ( today Serbia)-- 2 July 1902 , Prague , Bohemia ) was a Slovak chemist , specializing in inorganic chemistry .
Since 1995 , Poole 's legacy has been carried on every year in Eden , North Carolina during the month of June when the Piedmont Folk Legacies , Inc , a non - profit organization , hosts the Charlie Poole Music Festival .
Odell Shepard ( July 22 , 1884 in Sterling , Illinois - July 19 , 1967 in New London , Connecticut ) was an American professor , poet , and politician who was the 66th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1941 to 1943 .
Albert Hague died at age 81 from cancer at a hospital in Marina del Rey , California in November 2001 .
Isabella d'Este grew up in a cultured family in the city - state of Ferrara .
Heinz Braun ( January 12 , 1938 , Munich - February 21 , 1986 , Munich ) was a German autodidact painter and occasional actor .
Elisabeth Hauptmann ( 20 June 1897 , Peckelsheim , Westphalia , German Empire -- 20 April 1973 , East Berlin ) was a German writer who worked with fellow German playwright and director Bertolt Brecht .
Hans Knirsch ( September 14 , 1877 , Triebendorf -- December 6 , 1933 , Duchcov ) was an Austro - German activist from Moravia for Austrian National Socialism .
Everett Barksdale ( April 28 , 1910 , Detroit , Michigan - January 29 , 1986 , Inglewood , California ) was an American jazz guitarist and session musician , Harold Vick 's most used guitarist .
Sir Daniel Macnee FRSE RSA ( 4 June 1806 , Fintry , Stirlingshire -- 17 January 1882 , Edinburgh ) , was a Scottish portrait painter who served as president of the Royal Scottish Academy ( 1876 ) .
Lieutenant General George Peter Walls MBE GLM ( 1927 -- 20 July 2010 ) served as the Commander of the Combined Operations Headquarters of the Military of Rhodesia , and later Zimbabwe , from 1977 until his retirement on 29 July 1980 during the Rhodesian Bush War .
Manfred Salzgeber ( 10 January 1943 in Łódź - 12 August 1994 in Berlin ) was a German actor and film producer .
Born in Milan , Francesca Sanvitale lived in Florence for two decades , gaining a degree there in Italian literature before moving to Rome in 1961 .
Robert Crépeaux ( 24 October 1900 , Grasse , Alpes - Maritimes - 10 February 1994 , Paris ) was a French chess master .
Heinrich Rubens ( 30 March 1865 , Wiesbaden , Nassau , Germany -- 17 July 1922 , Berlin , Germany ) was a German physicist .
Hans - Otto Borgmann ( 20 October 1901 , in Hanover - Linden -- 26 July 1977 , in Berlin , West Germany ) was a German film music composer during the Third Reich .
Vytautas Mažiulis ( born August 20 , 1926 in Rokėnai , Lithuania , died April 11 , 2009 , in Vilnius , Lithuania ) was a highly distinguished Lithuanian Balticist , an expert on the Old Prussian language and Indo - European languages .
Born Claude - Marie - Mécène Marié de l'Isle in Château - Chinon , he went to Paris to study music at the Conservatoire , where he won first prize for double - bass in 1830 .
Charles - Victor Langlois ( May 26 , 1863 , in Rouen -- June 25 , 1929 , in Paris ) was a French historian and paleographer , who specialized in the study of the Middle Ages and taught at the Sorbonne , where he taught paleography , bibliography , and the history of the Middle Ages .
Saint Caesarius of Africa , also Caesarius of Terracina , was a Christian martyr .
Árpád Göncz was born on 10 February 1922 in Budapest into a petty bourgeois family of noble origin as the son of Lajos Göncz de Gönc ( 1887 - -1974 ) , who worked as a post officer , and Ilona Heimann ( b. 1892 ) .
Robert Schiff ( July 25 , 1854 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany -- 1940 in Massa , Italy ) is an Italian chemist .
Antonino Borzì ( * 20 August 1852 in Castroreale ; † 24 August 1921 in Lucca ) was an Italian botanist .
Johann Gottfried Schweighäuser ( French : Jean Geoffroy Schweighaeuser ) ( 2 January 1776 , Strasbourg --14 March 1844 ) was a French philologist and archaeologist .
Emilio Giuseppe Dossena ( December 10 , 1903 -- March 23 , 1987 ) was an Italian painter who was born in Cavenago d'Adda , Italy and died in Milan , Italy .
On August 6 , 2012 , Ruggiero Ricci died of heart failure at his home in Palm Springs , California , aged 94 .
Robert Junius , also recorded as Robertus Junius ( born Robert de Jonghe , 1606 , Rotterdam ) , -- 22 August 1655 , Amsterdam was a Dutch Reformed Church missionary to Taiwan ( then known as Formosa ) from 1629 to 1643 .
By 1783 , when Vigee Le Brun painted her portrait there , Catherine Grand had become a courtesan in Paris ; she returned to Britain just before the French Revolution in 1789 .
Dr. Dahesh ( in Arabic الدكتور داهش ) ( b. in Jerusalem in 1909 -- died in New York in 1984 ) was the name - title and pen name of Salim Moussa Achi ( in Arabic سليم موسى عشّي ) founder of Daheshism .
Peter Martin Mijtens the Elder , also spelled Meytens or Mytens ( 1648 , The Hague - 1736 , Stockholm ) was a Dutch painter who worked in Sweden .
Timofey Mikhaylovich Mikhaylov ( Russian : Тимофе́й Миха́йлович Мих́айлов ; born January 22 ( February 3 ) 1859 in Smolensk - died April 3 , 1881 in Saint Petersburg ) was a Russian boiler maker who participated in the assassination of Tsar Alexander II .
Camillo Rama ( 1586 -- c. 1627 ) was an Italian painter , active in his native city of Brescia .
Sara Rothé died in an accident when her coach fell into the Haarlemmertrekvaart near Halfweg when she was travelling from her summer home in Haarlem to Halfweg to pick up her husband who left the city to join her there .
Antonio Calcagni ( Recanati , 1538 - -1593 ) is an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period .
Sy Bartlett ( July 10 , 1900 -- May 29 , 1978 ) was an American author and screenwriter / producer of Hollywood films .
Günter Strack ( 4 June 1929 in Darmstadt -- 18 January 1999 in Münchsteinach ) was a German television actor .
Jean Talon , Count d'Orsainville ( January 8 , 1626 -- November 23 , 1694 ) was the first Intendant of New France .
Vincent McNabb , O.P. ( 8 July 1868 -- 17 June 1943 ) was an Irish scholar and priest , based in London , active in evangelisation and apologetics .
François - Bérenger Saunière ( 11 April 1852 -- 22 January 1917 ) was a Roman Catholic priest in the French village of Rennes - le - Château , in the Aude region , officially from 1885 until he was transferred to another village in 1909 by his bishop , a nomination he declined and subsequently resigned .
Thomas Philip Wallrad d'Alsace - Boussut de Chimay ( Brussels , 12 November 1679 -- 5 January 1759 ) , was Archbishop of Mechelen , Belgium .
Nicolaes Tulp ( 9 October 1593 -- 12 September 1674 ) was a Dutch surgeon and mayor of Amsterdam .
Ferrante Imperato ( 1525 ? -- 1615 ? ) , an apothecary of Naples , published Dell'Historia Naturale ( Naples 1599 ) and illustrated it with his own cabinet of curiosities displayed at Palazzo Gravina in Naples ; the engraving became the first pictorial representation of a Renaissance humanist 's displayed natural history research collection .
Francisco Leontaritis or Francesco Londarit or Francesco Londarit , Franciscus Londariti , Leondaryti , Londaretus , Londaratus or Londaritus ( 1518 - 1572 ) was a Greek composer , singer and hymnographer from today 's Heraklion of the Venetian - dominated Crete ( Candia ) at the Renaissance age .
Gerrit Hendrik Kersten ( 6 August 1882 , Deventer -- 6 September 1948 , Waarde ) was a Dutch Christian minister and politician .
Orazio Marucchi ( 1852 - January 1931 , Rome ) was an Italian archaeologist and author of the Manual of Christian Archaeology .
Carl Troll ( 24 December 1899 in Gabersee--21 July 1975 in Bonn ) , was a German geographer , brother of botanist Wilhelm Troll .
Halit Refiğ graduated from Şişli Terakki High School in 1951 and studied engineering at Robert College in Istanbul .
Yrjö von Grönhagen ( 3 October 1911 in Saint Petersburg -- 17 October 2003 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish nobleman and anthropologist .
Paride Suzzara Verdi was born in San Giorgio di Mantova in the Province of Mantua on 1 April 1826 to a wealthy and patriotic family .
Stiliyan Kovachev ( Bulgarian : Стилиян Ковачев ) ( born on 26 February 1860 in Yambol , died on 11 July 1939 in Sofia ) was a Bulgarian general .
James Yate Johnson ( 1820 , Kendal , Cumbria -- 2 February 1900 , Funchal ) was an English naturalist .
Tintoretto was born in Venice in 1518 , as the eldest of 21 children .
Danny Sembello drowned in the Schuylkill River near Philadelphia , on August 15 , 2015 .
Eugen Albrecht ( 21 June 1872 , Sonthofen -- 18 June 1908 , Frankfurt am Main ) was a German pathologist .
Saint Camilla Battista da Varano , O.S.C. , ( April 9 , 1458 -- May 31 , 1524 ) , from Camerino , Italy , was an Italian princess and a Poor Clare nun and abbess .
Noël Hallé ( 2 September 1711 , Paris -- 5 June 1781 , Paris ) was a French painter , draftsman and printmaker .
Enzo Giudici ( Mussomeli , September 24 , 1920 - Rome , October 4 , 1985 ) was an Italian academic , specialising in French Renaissance literature , particularly Louise Labé and Maurice Scève .
René Berger ( April 29 , 1915 , Brussels -- January 29 , 2009 , Lausanne ) was a Swiss writer , philosopher and a historian of art .
Carlos Ramírez MacGregor ( 3 March 1903 in Maracaibo , Zulia state -- 15 March 1975 in Caracas ) was a Venezuelan lawyer , politician , newspaperman , and diplomat .
Hans - Levin von Barby died on 27 May 1942 in a military hospital in Derna , Libya .
Mgr . Andreas Ignatius Schaepman ( 4 September 1815 , Zwolle -- 19 September 1882 , Utrecht ) was Archbishop of Utrecht from 1868 to 1882 and President of the Great Seminary of Rijsenburg .
Aliagha Vahid ( Azerbaijani : Əliağa Vahid ) , born Aliagha Mammadqulu oglu Isgandarov ( 1895 , Baku -- 1 October 1965 , Baku ) , was an Azerbaijani poet and Honoured Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR ( 1943 ) .
William Fogg Osgood ( March 10 , 1864 , Boston - July 22 , 1943 , Belmont , Massachusetts ) was an American mathematician , born in Boston .
Tommaso Ceva ( December 20 , 1648 -- February 3 , 1737 ) was an Italian Jesuit mathematician from Milan .
After his release from jail Demchugdongrub worked in an Inner Mongolian history museum in Hohhot until his death at the age of 64 .
Huib Drion ( The Hague , 25 April 1917 -- Leiden , 20 April 2004 ) was a Dutch Supreme Court judge and professor of civil law who became famous for proposing a suicide pill , which was later called Drion 's pill after him .
Kaïd Ahmed ( Commandant Sliman ) ( March 17 , 1921 , Tiaret - March 5 , 1978 , Rabat ) was an Algerian nationalist and politician
Adolf Christen ( 7 August 1811 -- 13 July 1883 ) was a Bavarian Hofschauspieler , theater director and theater manager of the old Munich `` Aktientheater '' .
Alfred Ernout ( French : ( ɛʁnu ) ; Lille , 30 October 1879 -- Paris , 16 June 1973 ) was a French philologist .
June Hutton ( née June Marvel Cowan ; August 11 , 1919 Bloomington , Illinois -- May 2 , 1973 Encino , Los Angeles ) was an American actress and vocalist , popular with big bands during the 1940s .
Tróndur í Gøtu ( Old Norse : Þrándr í Götu ) ( ca . 945 -- 1035 ) was a viking from the Faroe Islands ( also `` Færey Islands '' ) .
Countess Lucy Christalnigg von und zu Gillitzstein , née Lucy Bellegarde , was born on 24 June 1872 in Klingenstein , and died on 10 August 1914 in Srpenica , Slovenia .
Albert Schlicklin , Vietnamese name Cố Chính Linh ( Liebsdorf , 12 November 1857 - Hanoi , 2 March 1932 ) , was an Alsatian Catholic priest in Vietnam who translated the Bible from Latin into Vietnamese , as the Cô Chinh Linh version .
Georgios Roufos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Ρούφος , 1841 - -1891 ) was a Greek politician and Mayor of Patras for three terms , 1870 - -1874 , 1874 - -1875 and 1887 - 1891 .
Edwin Theodor Saemisch ( 30 September 1833 , Luckau -- 29 September 1909 , Bonn ) was a German ophthalmologist born in Luckau .
Whipple Van Buren Phillips ( November 22 , 1833 -- March 28 , 1904 ) was an American businessman from Providence , Rhode Island who also had mining interests in Idaho .
Eduard Kurzbauer ( 2 March 1840 , Vienna - 13 January 1879 , Munich ) was an Austrian painter .
Agustín Durán ( 14 October 1789 -- 1 December 1862 ) , Spanish scholar , was born at Madrid , where his father was the court physician .
The older brother of MLB third baseman Gene Freese , George Freese lived in Portland , Oregon , where he played three years of minor league baseball for the Portland Beavers .
Gustav Schädler ( 18 November 1883 in Triesenberg -- 19 June 1961 in Vaduz ) was a politician from Liechtenstein and a former Prime Minister of Liechtenstein .
Anton Raphael Mengs ( March 22 , 1728 -- June 29 , 1779 ) was a German Bohemian painter , active in Rome , Madrid and Saxony , who became one of the precursors to Neoclassical painting .
Martin Treacy ( 1936 - 4 June 2014 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Harry Mayerovitch ( born on April 16 , 1910 in Montreal , Canada , died there on April 16 , 2004 ) , was a Canadian architect , artist , illustrator , author and cartoonist .
Adalberto Pereira dos Santos ( April 11 , 1905 in Taquara - April 2 , 1984 in Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian general and politician .
Jean - Nicolas - Louis Durand ( Paris , 18 September 1760 -- Thiais , 31 December 1834 ) was a French author , teacher and architect .
Rossend Marsol Clua , known by his nickname Sícoris , ( Artesa de Segre , October 22 , 1922 - Andorra la Vella , January 17 , 2006 ) was an Andorran journalist and writer .
Sister Diane Ris , S.P. , ( July 16 , 1932 - February 20 , 2013 ) was the Superior General of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary - of - the - Woods , Indiana from 1996 to 2001 .
Andrea Parodi ( Porto Torres , July 18 , 1955 - Quartu Sant'Elena , October 17 , 2006 ) was an Italian singer from Sardinia .
Louis Montoyer ( 1749 , Mariemont , Austrian Netherlands , now Belgium -- 5 June 1811 , Vienna ) was an 18th - century Belgian - Austrian architect , principally active in Brussels and Vienna .
Édouard Monnais was born in Paris and began his career as a journalist .
When Richard Grindall died in Wickham in 1820 he was interred next to them at St Nicholas Church , Wickham , Hampshire , joined by his wife Katherine in 1831 .
Jewett 's family had been residents of New England for many generations , and Sarah Orne Jewett was born in South Berwick , Maine .
Princess Charlotte Wilhelmine of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld ( 14 June 1685 in Coburg - 5 April 1767 in Hanau ) was a German princess by birth and Countess of Hanau - Münzenberg by marriage .
David Toguri ( 25 October 1933 , Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada -- 15 November 1997 , Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) was an award - winning Japanese - Canadian choreographer , director and actor , based for most of his career in the UK .
György Hajós ( February 21 , 1912 , Budapest -- March 17 , 1972 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian mathematician who worked in group theory , graph theory , and geometry .
David Paul Drach ( b. Strasbourg , 6 March 1791 ; d. end of January , 1868 , Rome ) was a Catholic convert from Judaism , and librarian of the College of Propaganda in Rome .
Jeon Hyeongpil ( in Hangul:전형필 , in Hanja:全鎣弼 , July 29 , 1906 ~ January 26 , 1962 Seoul ) was a Korean educationist and an art collector who gathered hundreds of Korean cultural assets and had the pen name of Gansong .
Guillermo Portabales ( born José Guillermo Quesada Castillo , Rodas , Cuba , 6 April 1911 -- San Juan , Puerto Rico , 25 October 1970 ) was a Cuban singer - songwriter and guitarist who popularized the guajira style of Cuban music from the 1930s through the 1960s .
Karl Scharnagl ( born 17 January 1881 in Munich ; died 6 April 1963 in Munich ) was a German politician .
Johannes Müller Argoviensis was the name used by the Swiss botanist Johann Müller ( 9 May 1828 in Teufenthal , Aargau -- 28 January 1896 in Geneva ) .
Franz Friedrich Kohl ( 13 January , 1851 , St. Valentin auf der Haide - 15 December , 1924 , Traismauer ) was an Austrian entomologist and folksong researcher .
Francesco Monti ( il Brescianino ) ( 1646 - -1712 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque period , mainly active in his natal city of Brescia , as well as Parma .
James Waring ( November 1 , 1922 - December 2 , 1975 ) was a dancer , choreographer , costume designer , theatre director , playwright , poet , and visual artist , based in New York City from 1949 until his death in 1975 .
Dana Vávrová ( 9 August 1967 in Prague -- 5 February 2009 in Munich ) was a Czech - German film actress and director .
Richard Cheatham ( February 20 , 1799 -- September 9 , 1845 ) was an American politician who represented Tennessee 's United States House of Representatives , Tennessee eleventh district in the United States House of Representatives .
Paul de Sorbait ( b. in Hainault , 1624 ; d. Vienna , 19 April 1691 ) was an Austrian physician and sanitary engineer .
Karel Baxa ( 24 June 1863 , Sedlčany -- 5 January 1938 , Prague ) was a Czech politician in Austro - Hungarian Monarchy and then in Czechoslovakia .
Eve Garnett , who lived for many years in Lewes , Sussex ( latterly East Sussex ) , died in a nursing home there on 5 April 1991 .
Mykhailo Hrechyna was born in the village of Budyshche , Kiev Governorate ( Russian Empire ) , today it 's the village of Cherkasy Raion around the city of Cherkasy .
Camille Jenatzy ( 1868 , Schaerbeek -- 8 December 1913 , Habay la Neuve ) was a Belgian race car driver .
Friedrich August Rothpletz ( 28 April 1853 , Neustadt an der Haardt -- 27 January 1918 , Oberstdorf ) was a German geologist and paleontologist .
Aviva Uri ( Hebrew : אביבה אורי ; March 12 , 1922 in Safed , Israel - September 1 , 1989 in Tel Aviv ) was an Israeli painter .
Albrecht Giese ( February 10 , 1524 -- August 1 , 1580 ) was a councilman and diplomat of the city of Danzig ( Gdańsk ) .
Isaac Kashdan ( 19 November 1905 , New York -- 20 February 1985 , Los Angeles ) was an American chess grandmaster and chess writer .
Andrzej Hławiczka ( 3 May 1866 in Dzięgielów - 13 July 1914 in Teschen ) was a Polish musicologist , ethnographer , teacher and one of leaders of spiritual revival of Lutheran church in Cieszyn Silesia .
Alexander Hilferding ( Russian : Александр Фёдорович Гильферди́нг ; 14 July 1831 , Warsaw , Congress Poland -- 2 July 1872 , Kargopol ) was a Russian Empire linguist and folklorist of German descent who collected some 318 bylinas in the Russian North .
Karel Šviha ( June 11 , 1877 in Nový Bydžov - June 29 , 1937 in Prague ) was a Czech politician in Austria - Hungary .
Salvatore Petruolo ( January 4 , 1857 in Catanzaro -- 1942 in Naples , Italy ) , was an Italian painter .
Fritz Eckhardt ( born Linz , 30 November 1907 ; died Klosterneuburg , 31 December 1995 ) was an Austrian actor , director , and writer .
Born in Groton , Connecticut , Daboll was the son of Nathan Daboll ( born c. 1725 in East Hampton , New York ; died c. 1780 ) and Anna Lynn ( born 1724 in Groton ) .
Mario Berlinguer ( Italian pronunciation : ( berliŋˈɡwɛr ) ) ( Sassari , August 29 , 1891 -- Rome , September 5 , 1969 ) was an Italian lawyer and politician .
Sir Arthur Vick was Pro - Chancellor of Warwick University from 1977 to 1992 .
Berlinghiero Berlinghieri , also known as Berlinghiero of Lucca ( fl . 1228 -- between 1236 and 1242 ) , was an Italian painter of the early thirteenth century .
Andalò del Negro ( Genoa , 1260 -- Naples , 1334 ) was a medieval Italian astronomer and geographer .
Jane Connell died on September 22 , 2013 , aged 87 , at the Lillian Booth Actors Home of the Actors Fund in Englewood , New Jersey , from undisclosed causes .
Not long after this Strombichides seems to have returned to Athens , and later in the same year he was one of three commanders who were sent to the Athenians at Samos with a reinforcement of thirty - five ships , which increased their whole force to 104 .
Myriam de Urquijo ( Buenos Aires , April 10 , 1918 - May 24 , 2011 ) born Pilar Palacios de Urquijo was an Argentine film , stage and television actress .
Tomás Bretón y Hernández ( Salamanca , 29 December 1850 -- Madrid , 2 December 1923 ) was a Spanish conductor and composer .
Eddie Calhoun ( November 13 , 1921 , Clarksdale , Mississippi -- January 27 , 1993 ) was an American jazz double - bassist .
Constant Girard ( La Chaux - de - Fonds 1825 -- 1903 La Chaux - de - Fonds ) was a Swiss watchmaker from the 19th century , who marked his time by his developments in the escapement systems , in particular that of the tourbillon .
Jean Armand Charlemagne ( born Bourget ( Seine ) 30 November 1753 -- died Paris 6 March 1838 ) was a French dramatic author .
Oskar Fehr ( October 9 , 1871 in Braunschweig -- August 1 , 1959 in London ) was a German ophthalmologist .
Florence Eldridge ( September 5 , 1901 , Brooklyn , New York -- August 1 , 1988 , Long Beach , California ) was an American actress .
Emilio Lunghi ( 16 March 1887 , in Genoa -- 27 September 1925 ) was an Italian athlete .
Charles Wallace Adair , Jr. ( 26 January 1914 in Xenia , Ohio -- 22 January 2006 in Falls Church , Virginia ) was a career United States Foreign Service Officer , serving as Ambassador to Panama ( 1965 - 1969 ) and Uruguay ( 1969 - 1972 ) .
Johannes Burman ( 26 April 1707 in Amsterdam -- 20 February 1780 ) , was a Dutch botanist and physician .
Antonello Trombadori ( April 24 , 1917 , Rome -- January 18 or March 7 , 1993 , Rome ) was an Italian politician , art critic and journalist .
François - Louis Ganshof ( 14 March 1895 , Bruges -- 26 July 1980 , Brussels ) was a Belgian medievalist .
Jakob Wilhelm Hauer ( 4 April 1881 in Ditzingen , Württemberg -- 18 February 1962 in Tübingen ) was a German Indologist and religious studies writer .
Blessed César de Bus ( born 3 February 1544 , at Cavaillon , Comtat Venaissin ( now in France ) ; d. 15 April 1607 , at Avignon ) was a French Catholic priest , founder of two religious congregations .
Saint Pantaleon ( Greek : Παντελεήμων ( Panteleímon ) , `` all - compassionate '' ) , counted in the West among the late - medieval Fourteen Holy Helpers and in the East as one of the Holy Unmercenary Healers , was a martyr of Nicomedia in Bithynia during the Diocletian persecution of 305 AD .
Valeska Suratt died in a nursing home in Washington , D.C. on July 2 , 1962 .
Benjamin Tupper was a co - founder of the Ohio Company of Associates , and was a pioneer to the Ohio Country , involved in establishing Marietta , Ohio as the first permanent settlement in the Northwest Territory .
Enrico Ruta lived mainly in Naples where he was a close friend of Benedetto Croce and where in 1930 he became a professor at the Higher Institute of Economics and Commerce .
On May 7 , 2005 , Nasrat Parsa performed a concert in Vancouver , Canada , on the occasion of Mother 's Day , opening a comprehensive tour that was scheduled to include several cities in North America .
Eduard Wagnes ( born 18 March 1863 in Graz , Austria - died 27 March 1936 in Bad Gams , Austria ) was a conductor in the Austro - Hungarian Military , and composer of military marches .
John Henry Whallen ( May 1 , 1850 -- December 3 , 1913 ) was a Democratic Party political boss in Louisville , Kentucky during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Marie Duhem , born Marie Amélie Hortense Sergeant ( 18 March 1871 , Guemps - 9 July 1918 , Douai ) was a French painter .
Together with her sister Nellie , she moved to Mexico City , where she danced as primaballerina of the Mexico City ballet and taught at the Escuela Nacional de Danza , today also known as Escuela Nacional de Danza Nellie y Gloria Campobello .
Alexander Tubelsky ( Александр Наумович Тубельский ) , 2 October 1940 , Moscow -- 31 May 2007 , Moscow was the president of Russian teacher 's `` Association of democratic schools '' , and a professor of Moscow State Pedagogical University ( MSPU )
Roger Allen LaPorte ( July 16 , 1943 -- November 10 , 1965 ) is best known as a protester of the Vietnam War who set himself on fire in front of the United Nations building in New York City on November 9 , 1965 , to protest the United States involvement in the war .
Dom Antoine Rivet de La Grange ( Confolens , 1683 - Le Mans , 1749 ) was a French benedictine monk and supporter of Jansenism .
Marc - Antoine Madeleine Désaugiers is easily confused in historical writings with his father , Marc - Antoine Désaugiers ( b. Fréjus , 1742 -- d. Paris , 10 September 1793 ) who was himself a composer of eleven operatic works , mostly comedies , for the stages of Paris , and left ten stage compositions unperformed .
Rudolf Goldschmidt ( March 19 , 1876 , Neubukow , Mecklenburg -- 1950 , London ) was a German engineer and inventor .
Radu Gyr ( pen name of Radu Ștefan Demetrescu ; March 2 , 1905 , Câmpulung - Muscel -- 29 April 1975 , Bucharest ) was a Romanian poet , essayist , playwright and journalist .
Hans Höppner ( 8 February 1873 in Bremen -- 24 April 1946 in Krefeld ) was a German botanist and entomologist .
Albert Abicht ( 9 December 1893 , Lemnitz , Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach -- 5 January 1973 , Nuremberg ) was a German farmer and politician ( ThLB / DNVP , NSDAP ) .
Henry Ford II was born in Detroit , Michigan to Eleanor Clay Ford and Edsel Ford on September 4 , 1917 .
Karl Ernstberger ( September 25 , 1887 in Malovice ( Mallowitz ) , today part of village Erpužice , Tachov District , western Bohemia - November 25 , 1972 in Nuremberg ) was a German Bohemian architect active in western Bohemia , predominantly in Karlovy Vary .
Antoni Oleszczyński ( 16 January 1794 , Krasnystaw - 28 February 1879 , Paris ) was a Polish graphic artist and copperplate engraver .
Pieter van der Staak ( May 25 , 1930 , The Hague - November 2 , 2007 Zwolle ) was a Dutch classical guitarist , composer and professor of music .
Sergio Atzeni ( 14 October 1952 in Capoterra -- 6 September 1995 in Carloforte ) was an Italian writer .
Karl Ludwig von Bruck ( born Elberfeld , 8 October 1798 ; died Vienna , 23 April 1860 ) was an Austrian statesman .
Yap Kwan Seng ( 1846 - -1902 ) was the last Chinese kapitan of Kuala Lumpur from 1889 to 1902 .
Matt Armstrong ( 12 November 1911 -- 4 October 1995 ) was a professional footballer who played as a striker for Aberdeen and Queen of the South .
Ivan Radović ( Serbian : Иван Радовић ( ˈiʋan ˈrǎːdɔʋitɕ ) ; Hungarian : Radovics Iván ( ˈrɒdovitʃ ˈivaːn ) ; 22 June 1894 , Vršac -- 14 August 1973 , Belgrade ) was a Yugoslav tennis player and painter of Serbian ethnicity .
Marie Russak died March 4 , 1945 , in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California .
Charles F. Grainger was Mayor of Louisville , Kentucky from 1901 to 1905 .
Bob Hilliard died at the age of 53 , in Hollywood , California , on February 1 , 1971 .
Reynier van Gherwen or Gherwen ( 1620 -- 1662 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter from Leiden best known as a pupil of Rembrandt .
Joaquín Martínez de la Roca ( Zaragoza , c. 1676 - Toledo , 1747 or 1756 ) was a Spanish composer .
Alessandro Algardi ( 31 July 1598 -- 10 June 1654 ) was an Italian high - Baroque sculptor active almost exclusively in Rome , where for the latter decades of his life , he was , along with Francesco Borromini and Pietro da Cortona , one of the major rivals of Gian Lorenzo Bernini .
Christer Boucht , born 4 March 1911 in Vaasa , Finland , and died 21 May 2009 , in the same city .
Princess Ernestine of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach ( Ernestine Auguste Sophie ; 4 January 1740 in Weimar -- 10 June 1786 in Hildburghausen ) was a princess of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach and by marriage Duchess of Saxe - Hildburghausen .
Captain Arthur Haggerty died in a hospital near his home in West Palm Beach , Florida from prostate cancer on July 3 , 2006 at age 74 .
Natalya Melik Melikyan ( Armenian : Նատալյա Մելիքի Մելիքյան ) ( May 19 , 1906 , Housein ( Houseinqend ) Village , Russian Empire -- July 25 , 1989 , Yerevan , Armenia ) , Armenian scientist , Doctor of Biological Sciences , Professor , Honored Scientist .
Matthew Moorhouse ( 1813 -- 29 March 1876 ) was an English pioneer in Australia , Protector of Aborigines , pastoralist and politician in South Australia .
Ashok Bhatt died due to multiple organ failure in SAL Hospital , Ahmedabad on September 29 , 2010 at 10:45pm where he was undergoing treatment of heart problem for nearly 3 weeks .
Kazimierz Kordylewski ( born 11 October 1903 in Posen - 11 March 1981 in Kraków , Poland ) was a Polish astronomer .
Jussi Rainio ( 5 April 1878 , Maaria - 10 May 1918 , Pori ) was a Finnish journalist and politician .
Celestyn Myślenta ( also Mislenski ; 27 March 1588 , in Kuty ( Kutten ) , Ducal Prussia -- 20 April 1653 , in Königsberg ( Królewiec ) ) was a Polish Lutheran theologian and rector of the University of Königsberg .
Giovanni Enrico Aberle Sforza , better known as Juan Aberle , ( Dec. 11 , 1846 , Naples - Feb. 28 , 1930 , San Salvador ) was an Italian Conductor and Composer who lived in Guatemala and El Salvador .
August Aichhorn ( July 27 , 1878 , Vienna -- October 13 , 1949 , Vienna ) was an Austrian educator and psychoanalyst .
Born from a sailors ' descent from Losinj , grew up and studied in Trieste , where the family resided , because the father Antonio Budini taught in the local High School , the same where Paolo Budinich got his grade in 1934 .
Eduard Toldrà Soler ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əðuˈart tuɫˈdɾa ) ) ( Vilanova i la Geltrú 7 April 1895 - Barcelona , 31 May 1962 ) was a Spanish Catalan conductor and composer .
Le Sage was born in Geneva , his father was Georges - Louis Le Sage from Conques in Burgundy and his mother Anne Marie Gamp , a descendant of Théodore Agrippa d'Aubigné .
Jean - Denis Cochin ( 1 January 1726 , in Paris -- 3 June 1783 , in Paris ) was a French Roman Catholic priest , preacher and philanthropist .
Jaakko Paavolainen ( 23 July 1927 in Viipuri -- 30 October 2007 in Helsinki ) , was a Finnish historian , PhD 1966 .
Ernst Bollmann ( 12 . February 1899 in Duisburg ; † 1974 in Moers ) was a German politician .
Joe Serna , Jr. ( September 3 , 1939 in Stockton , California -- November 7 , 1999 in Sacramento , California ) was a civil rights activist and mayor of Sacramento , California , USA from 1992 until his death in 1999 .
Ernst Ferdinand Oehme ( 23 April 1797 , Dresden - 10 April 1855 , Dresden ) was a German Romantic painter and illustrator who specialized in moody landscapes with architectural elements .
Ernst Trygger was born on the island of Skeppsholmen in Stockholm , the Swedish capital .
Johannes van Mildert or Hans van Mildert ( alternative names : Joannes van Mildert , Johannes Van Milder , and nickname den Duyts ) ( Königsberg , 1588 - Antwerp , 1638 ) was a Flemish sculptor , who is best known for his baroque sculptures found in many Belgian and Dutch churches .
Thomas Joseph Lamy ( Ohey , Belgium , 27 January 1827 -- Leuven , 30 July 1907 ) was a Belgian Biblical scholar and Orientalist .
Johann Hommel ( also Homelius , Hummelius , Homilius , Hummel ; 2 February 1518 in Memmingen -- 4 July 1562 in Leipzig ) was a German astronomer and mathematician .
Reinhard Keiser ( 9 January 1674 -- 12 September 1739 ) was a popular German opera composer based in Hamburg .
Antonio Cortina Farinós ( 16 February 1841 , Almácera - 6 November 1890 , Madrid ) was a Spanish painter , decorator and art teacher .
Reiner Schürmann died of complications caused by AIDS on August 20 , 1993 in New York City .
Angelo Massimino ( Catania , 1927 -- Scillato , March 4 , 1996 ) was an Italian entrepreneur and football owner , who served as chairman of Calcio Catania for almost 25 years .
The Very Rev. John Mee , MA ( May 3 , 1824 in Nottingham -- September 19 , 1883 in Fort William ) was the inaugural Dean of Grahamstown in South Africa .
Alfred Moore Waddell ( September 16 , 1834 -- March 17 , 1912 ) was a Democratic U. S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1871 and 1879 and later ( after leading a white supremacist armed revolt ) mayor of Wilmington , North Carolina .
Oscar Baumann ( June 25 , 1864 in Vienna -- October 12 , 1899 in Vienna ) was an Austrian explorer , cartographer and ethnographer .
Bernard Paul Gascoigne Beanlands survived the war , only to die in a flying accident at RAF Northolt on 8 May 1919 .
William Carr Lane ( December 1 , 1789 -- January 6 , 1863 ) was a doctor and the first Mayor of St. Louis , Missouri , serving from 1823 to 1829 and 1837 to 1840 .
The first biography of John of God was written by Francisco de Castro , the chaplain at John of God 's hospital in Granada , Spain .
William Emmett Dever ( March 13 , 1862 -- September 3 , 1929 ) served as the mayor of Chicago , Illinois , U.S. from 1923 to 1927 and was a Democrat .
Martin Hoek ( also Martinus ) ( 13 December 1834 in The Hague -- 3 September 1873 in Utrecht ) was a Dutch astronomer and experimental physicist .
Joakim Frederik Schouw ( February 7 , 1789 , Copenhagen -- April 28 , 1852 , Copenhagen ) was a Danish lawyer , botanist and politician .
Carl Eduard Adolph Gerstaecker ( 30 August 1828 , in Berlin - 20 June 1895 , in Greifswald ) was a German zoologist and entomologist .
Nicolaes Hals ( 1628 , Haarlem -- 1686 , Haarlem ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Jacob Matham ( 15 October 1571 -- 20 January 1631 ) , of Haarlem , was a famous engraver and pen - draftsman .
Charlotte Bischoff , née Charlotte Wielepp , ( October 5 , 1901 in Berlin -- November 4 , 1994 ) was a German Communist and Resistance fighter against National Socialism .
Siegfried Hausner ( 24 January 1952 , Selb -- 5 May 1975 , Stuttgart ) was a student member of the German Socialist Patients ' Collective and later the Red Army Faction .
Gabriel Laub ( October 24 , 1928 in Bochnia , Poland -- February 3 , 1998 in Hamburg , Germany ) was a Czech- and German - speaking journalist , political satirist and aphorism writer .
Margareta - Yvonne Barbu also known as Marga Barbu née Margareta - Yvonne Butuc ( 24 February 1929 in Ocna Şugatag , Maramureş County -- 31 March 2009 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian actress .
Max van Berchem ( 16 March 1863 , Geneva -- 7 March 1921 , Vaumarcus ) was a Swiss epigraphist and historian .
José Isbert ( real name : José Ysbert Alvarruiz ) , also known as Pepe Isbert ( 3 March 1886 in Madrid -- 28 November 1966 in Madrid ) , was a Spanish actor .
Prince Janusz Ostrogski ( Lithuanian : Jonušas Ostrogiškis ) ( born 1554 , died 1620 in Tarnów ) was a Polish - Lithuanian noble and statesman .
Alfred Rainer ( 22 September 1987 in Saalfelden -- 16 August 2008 in Innsbruck ) was a World Cup competitor in the Nordic combined event .
Fernando Curado Ribeiro ( Lisbon , 25 May 1919 - Lisbon , 4 July 1995 ) was a Portuguese actor who excelled in film and theater .
James Warner Bellah ( September 14 , 1899 in New York City -- September 22 , 1976 in Los Angeles , California ) was a popular American Western author from the 1930s to the 1950s .
Jacob Esselens ( 1626 , Amsterdam -- 1687 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Henrik Sjöberg ( January 20 , 1875 in Stockholm -- August 1 , 1905 in Helsingør ) was a Swedish athlete , gymnast and medical student .
Karl Ewald Böhm ( 5 March 1913 , Nuremberg -- 16 May 1977 , Berlin ) was an East German writer who also served as Director of the Central Publishing Department in the country 's Ministry for Culture .
Tadeusz Hołuj ( Polish pronunciation : ( taˈdɛuʂ ˈxɔwuj ) ; 1916 , Kraków - 1985 , Kraków ) was a Polish poet , writer , publicist and politician .
Maria Faydherbe , referred to in the French literature as Marie Fayd'herbe ( 1587 - 1643 ) was a Flemish sculptor who lived and worked in Mechelen , then a city in the Southern Netherlands .
Marcia Davenport died January 16 , 1996 , in Monterey , California , at the age of 92 .
Robert de Longe ( Brussels , 1646 -- Piacenza , 1709 ) was a painter born in present - day Belgium , but active in Northern Italy including Cremona and Piacenza .
Eugenia Smith died on January 31 , 1997 , at the Lafayette Nursing Home in North Kingstown , at the purported age of 95 years .
Alexandre Séon ( 1855 , Chazelles - sur - Lyon , Loire -- 1917 , Paris ) was a French Symbolist artist , illustrator and decorator .
In 1851 Nikolay Strakhov graduated from Saint Petersburg Main Pedagogical Institute and became a teacher in Odessa .
Cigerxwîn died in Stockholm at the age of 80 or 81 .
Adolphe Ferrière ( Geneva , 1879 - Geneva , 1960 ) was one of the founders of the movement of the progressive education .
Ignacio Sánchez Mejías ( 6 June 1891 , Seville -- 13 August 1934 , Madrid ) was a famous Spanish bullfighter .
Alois Weiss ( or : Weiß ) ( 16 October 1906 , Ruma / Austria - Hungary -- 26 February 1969 , Straubing / Germany ) was executioner at the Gestapo Pankrác prison in Prague during the Second World War .
Józef Kotlarczyk ( February 13 , 1907 in Kraków - September 28 , 1959 in Bydgoszcz ) was a Polish football forward , who capped 30 times for the national team of Poland ( 1931 - -1937 ) .
Fabio Canal or Canale ( 1703 - - September 5 , 1767 ) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque era , active mainly depicting history and sacred subjects in his native Venice .
Bailey Gatzert ( December 29 , 1829 -- April 19 , 1893 ) was an American politician and the eighth mayor of Seattle , Washington , serving from 1875 to 1876 .
Fritz Möller ( 16 May 1906 in Rudolstadt -- 21 March 1983 in Munich ) was a German meteorologist , geophysicist and high school teacher .
Joaquim Antônio da Silva Calado , Jr. ( or Callado ; Rio de Janeiro , July 11 , 1848 - Rio de Janeiro , March 20 , 1880 ) was a Brazilian composer and flautist .
Sophie of Brandenburg - Ansbach - Kulmbach ( 10 March 1485 , Ansbach -- 24 May 1537 , Legnica ) was a princess of Brandenburg - Ansbach and was by marriage Duchess of Legnica .
Péter Kuczka ( Székesfehérvár , Hungary , March 1 , 1923 -- Budapest , Hungary , December 8 , 1999 ) was a Hungarian writer , poet and science fiction editor .
Father Leo Heinrichs , O.F.M. ( August 15 , 1867 , Oestrich , now a part of the city Erkelenz , Kingdom of Prussia - February 23 , 1908 , Denver , Colorado , United States ) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Franciscan Order .
Gottlob Johann Christian Kunth ( 12 June 1757 in Baruth -- 22 November 1829 in Berlin ) was a German politician and educator .
Silvestro Chiesa ( 1623 - 1657 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in his natal city of Genoa .
Glauco Villas Boas ( March 10 , 1957 in Jandaia do Sul , Paraná -- March 12 , 2010 in Osasco , São Paulo ) was a Brazilian illustrator , cartoonist and religious leader .
Lee Lozowick ( aka Lee Khepa Baul or Lee Kṣepā Baul , November 18 , 1943 - November 16 , 2010 ) was an American spiritual teacher , author , poet , lyricist and singer from Prescott , Arizona .
Dagmar Normet ( born and until 1940 Dagmar Rubinstein ; from 1940 - -1945 Dagmar Randa ; February 13 , 1921 Tallinn -- October 16 , 2008 Tallinn ) was an Estonian literary author and translator .
Bedřich Bridel , or Fridrich Bridelius ( German : Friedrich Briedel , Bridelius ; 1619 , Vysoké Mýto -- October 15 , 1680 , Kutná Hora ) was a Czech baroque writer , poet , and missionary .
Tomás Mac Curtain ( 20 March 1884 -- 20 March 1920 ) was a Sinn Féin Lord Mayor of Cork , Ireland .
Marcello Boldrini ( 9 February 1890 , Matelica -- 5 March 1969 , Milan ) was an Italian statistician .
Stephen Meek died in Etna , California , on January 8 , 1889 , at the age of 81 .
Andrija Fuderer ( 13 May 1931 , Subotica , the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina , Yugoslavia -- 2 October 2011 , Palamós , Catalonia ) was a Croatian--
Jakob Kolletschka ( July 4 , 1803 , Biela ( now Luže ) , Bohemia - March 13 , 1847 , Vienna ) was Professor of Forensic Medicine at Vienna General Hospital in Austria .
Joseph de Monic ( c.1650 -- October 17 , 1707 ) military officer and administrator , acting Governor of Newfoundland , born Oloron , Béarn died Bayonne .
Fred Quimby died in Santa Monica , California in 1965 and was buried in Glendale .
Judah Colt ( July 1 , 1761 -- October 11 , 1832 ) was an early pioneer of Erie County .
Michael Abramson ( 1948 - -2011 ) was a Chicago photographer who produced a large body of artistic and commercial photography .
Friedrich Gustav Piffl ( 15 October 1864 - 21 April 1932 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Vienna .
Beatriz Galindo , sometimes spelled Beatrix , ( born 1465 ? Salamanca -- 23 November 1534 in Madrid ) was a Spanish Latinist and educator .
Two years after performing in her last movie , Margaret McWade died on April 1 , 1956 , in Los Angeles at the age of 83 .
Wan Chi Keung ( Chinese : 尹志強 ; Jyutping : wan5 zi3 koeng4 ; May 1 , 1956 -- February 16 , 2010 ) was a soccer player , actor and businessman from Hong Kong .
Bert Hadley died in Los Angeles on December 30 , 1968 , nearly ten months after the death of Zena , his wife of nearly 64 years .
In 1963 , Gerhard Mitter won the Formula Junior Eifelrennen at the Nürburgring .
Anna Sophia of Prussia ( 11 June 1527 in Königsberg -- 6 February 1591 in Lübz ) was a German noblewoman .
Henry William Stiegel ( May 13 , 1729 , Cologne , Germany - January 10 , 1785 Pennsylvania , USA ) was a German - American glassmaker and ironmaster .
Louis Alexandre Piccinni ( variously Louis Alexandre , Luigi Alessandro or Lodovice Alessandro ) ( born 10 September 1779 in Paris ; died 24 April 1850 in Paris ) was a prolific music composer born in Paris of Italian ancestry .
František Zíta ( 29 November 1909 -- 1 October 1977 ) was a Czech chess master who was born and died in Prague .
Pierre Brossolette was born in Paris , France to a family deeply involved in the fights for laic schools in early 20th century France .
Joos van Cleve ( /ˈkleɪvə/ ; also Joos van der Beke ; c. 1485 -- 1540/1541 ) was a painter active in Antwerp around 1511 to 1540 .
Georges Pitoëff was born on 4 September 1884 in Tiflis ( now Tbilisi , Georgia ) , then in Russia , and died on 17 September 1939 in Bellevue , near Geneva , Switzerland .
Gizi Bajor , or Gizi Bayor ( 18 May 1893 , Budapest - 12 February 1951 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian actress .
Julius Zupitza ( * 4 January 1844 in Kerpen , Upper Silesia ; † 6 July 1895 in Berlin ) was a German philologist and one of the founders of English Studies .
Maurice Le Roux or Leroux ( 6 February 1923 , Paris , France -- 19 October 1992 in Avignon , France ) was a French composer and conductor .
Tony Parenti ( 6 August 1900 -- 17 April 1972 ) was an American jazz clarinettist and saxophonist born in New Orleans , perhaps best known for his decades of work in New York City .
Ramaz Chkhikvadze caused a sensation when he appeared on stage as Richard III at the 1979 Edinburgh Festival in a production of Shakespeare 's play by the Rustaveli Theatre Company of Tbilisi , Georgia , then still part of the Soviet Union .
Edhem Pasha died in Constantinople ( modern Istanbul ) in 1909 .
Liz Anderson died on October 31 , 2011 , in Nashville , Tennessee , from complications of heart and lung disease .
Tampa Red ( January 8 , 1904 -- March 19 , 1981 ) , born Hudson Woodbridge but known from childhood as Hudson Whittaker , was an American Chicago blues musician .
Jakob Heller ( c. 1460 , Frankfurt am Main -- 28 January 1522 , Frankfurt am Main ) was a German patrician , politician , and merchant .
Moritz Klotz ( 6 August 1813 -- 11 August 1892 ) was a Berlin judge who became a politician in Prussia and , after 1871 , in Germany .
Aleksei Zinovyevich Petrov ( Russian : Алексе́й Зино́вьевич Петро́в ; 28 October ( 15 October , old style ) 1910 , Koshki , Samara Governorate , Russian Empire -- 9 May 1972 , Kiev , Soviet Union ) was a mathematician noted for his work on the classification of Einstein spaces , today called Petrov classification .
Donald Burton died of emphysema at his home in Cathedral City , California , on 8 December 2007 .
Agostino Tassi ( Perugia , 1578 - - Rome , 1644 ) was an Italian painter , mostly of landscapes and seascapes , who is now best known as the rapist of Artemisia Gentileschi .
Jot D. Carpenter ( March 19 , 1938 , in San Francisco , California - February 17 , 2000 in Columbus , Ohio ) was a noted landscape architect and Professor of Landscape Architecture in the Knowlton School of Architecture at The Ohio State University .
Liberace also released a book on his life , and performed 56 sold out shows at Radio City Music Hall which set box office records a few months before his death in Palm Springs , California on February 4 , 1987 .
Ilaria Alpi ( Rome May 24 , 1961 -- Mogadishu March 20 , 1994 ) was an Italian journalist killed in Mogadishu , Somalia together with her camera operator Miran Hrovatin .
Pierre Vassiliu ( 23 October 1937 in Villecresnes , France -- 17 August 2014 in Sète , France ) was a French singer and songwriter .
Pasquale Borgomeo ( 20 March 1933 , Naples - 2 July 2009 , Rome , Italy ) was an Italian Jesuit priest and longtime director of the Vatican Radio .
Mohammed Ali Madani was the leader of the Zintan Brigade of the anti - Gaddafi forces during the 2011 Libyan civil war , until his death during the Nafusa Mountains Campaign from bullets fired by pro - Gaddafi forces .
André Trochut ( Chermignac , 6 November 1931 -- Geay , 4 August 1996 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer .
Milt Fankhouser ( 29 October 1915 New York City -- 26 February 1970 Santa Barbara , California ) was an American racecar driver .
Marco Papa ( 16 March 1958 in Perugia , Umbria , Italy , -- 9 September 1999 near Adro Italy ) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Erich Juskowiak ( 7 September 1926 in Oberhausen -- 1 July 1983 in Düsseldorf ) was a football ( soccer ) player for the German national team between 1951 and 1959 .
Marcin Bylica ( 1433 in Olkusz -- 1493 in Buda ) , also known as Martin Bylica and Marcin z Olkusza , was a Polish astrologer , astronomer and physician .
Eudoxia Laskarina Asanina ( Greek : Εὐδοξία Λασκαρίνα Ἀσανίνα , Nicaea , 1245/1248 -- Zaragoza , 1311 ) was a member of the Byzantine Laskaris family .
Bernhard Strigel ( c. 1461 -- May 4 , 1528 ) was a German portrait and historical painter of the Swabian school , the most important of a family of artists established at Memmingen .
Volodymyr Fink ( Ukrainian : Володимир Фінк ; Russian : Владимир Финк ; born March 28 , 1958 in Altai Krai , Russian SFSR ; died January 13 , 2005 in Bila Tserkva in a car crash ) was a Soviet Ukrainian professional football player .
Minnette de Silva ( 1 February 1918 , Kandy -- 24 November 1998 , Kandy ) was an internationally recognized architect , considered the pioneer of the modern architectural style in Sri Lanka .
Clodoald established an abbey at a hamlet named Novigentum , on the Seine near Versailles , that is now a collegiate church of canons regular called Saint Cloud wherein his relics are kept .
Francisco Xerez or Francisco de Jerez ( 1495 in Seville , Spain -- 1565 ? ) was a Spanish explorer - turned - historian , the personal secretary of conquistador Francisco Pizarro .
Adrian Hardy Haworth ( 19 April 1767 , Hull -- 24 August 1833 , Chelsea ) was an English entomologist , botanist and carcinologist .
Trevor Moffitt supported his family as a secondary school art teacher , eventually heading the large art department at Burnside High School in Christchurch .
Fritz Wotruba ( 23 April 1907 , Vienna -- 28 August 1975 , Vienna ) was an Austrian sculptor of Czecho - Hungarian descent .
Alvise Giovanni Mocenigo ( 1701 - -1778 ) was doge of Venice from 1763 until his death .
Robert Helps ( b. Passaic , New Jersey , United States , September 23 , 1928 ; d. Tampa , Florida , United States , November 24 , 2001 ) was an American pianist and composer .
Bouteldja Belkacem grew up in the El Hamri neighborhood of Oran in Algeria .
Joseph Gilles Bilodeau ( July 31 , 1955 in Saint - Prime , Quebec - August 12 , 2008 in Birmingham , Alabama ) was a professional ice hockey player who played 9 games in the National Hockey League and 143 games in the World Hockey Association .
Brisbane was born at Brisbane House in Noddsdale , near Largs in Ayrshire , Scotland , the son of Sir Thomas Brisbane and Dame Eleanora Brisbane .
Giuseppe Mastroleo ( died in Naples , 1744 ) was an Italian painter .
Francesco I Sforza ( July 23 , 1401 -- March 8 , 1466 ) was an Italian condottiero , the founder of the Sforza dynasty in Milan , Italy .
Jean - Baptist David ( 25 January 1801 , Lier -- 24 March 1866 , Leuven ) was a canon and professor Dutch and history at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven .
Albert Geouffre de Lapradelle , LL.D. ( 1871 - 1955 ) was a French jurisconsult , born in Paris .
Bulud Qarachorlu ( Persian : بولود قاراچورلو‎ , Azerbaijani : Bulud Qaraçorlu , born 1926 in Maragheh , Eastern Azerbaijan -- died 1979 in Tehran ) , mainly known by his pen name , ( Sahand : سهند ) , was a legendary Iranian poet of Azerbaijani people , Sahand wrote and His poems was in Azerbaijani language .
William Ayerst Ingram or W. Ayerst Ingram RBA ( 27 April 1855 Twickenham , Surrey -- 20 March 1913 Falmouth , Cornwall ) was a painter and member of the Newlyn School .
Heikki Ritavuori was shot dead at his home in Etu - Töölö , at Nervanderinkatu 11 , on 14 February 1922 .
Anthony J. Bryant was born Feb. 14 , 1961 in Franklin , Indiana , and was adopted at age 5 by Robert M. and Margaret Bryant .
Armand Jean d'Allonville ( 13 July 1732 , Dommartin - le - Saint - Père , Toul diocese , Champagne -- 24 January 1811 , London ) was a French nobleman from an old family in Beauce .
Paolo Barison ( 23 June 1936 in Vittorio Veneto -- 17 April 1979 in Andora ) was an Italian association football player .
Juan Bautista de Anza was born in Fronteras , Sonora , New Spain in 1736 ( near Arizpe ) , into a military family living on the northern frontier of New Spain .
Naum Shopov ( Bulgarian : Наум Шопов ; born 27 July 1930 in Stara Zagora - 18 April 2012 , Sofia ) was a Bulgarian actor .
Karel Teige ( 13 December in 1900 in Prague -- 1 October 1951 in Prague ) was a Czech modernist avant - garde artist , writer , critic and one of the most important figures of the 1920s and 1930s movement .
Ernst Immanuel Bekker ( 16 August 1827 in Berlin - 29 June 1916 in Heidelberg ) was a German jurist and professor .
Arthur Cunningham ( born Piermont , New York on November 11 , 1928 , died Nyack , New York on March 31 , 1997 ) was an American composer .
Harold Farncomb was born in North Sydney , New South Wales on 28 February 1899 , the second child of Frank Farncomb and Helen Louisa Farncomb , née Sampson .
Emil Hartmann ( 1 February 1836 , Copenhagen , Denmark -- 18 July 1898 , Copenhagen , Denmark ) was a Danish composer , the eldest son of Johan Peter Emilius Hartmann and brother - in - law to Niels Gade and August Winding .
David Regan ( 9 July 1939 -- 25 July 1994 ) was a British academic who was a head of the School of Politics and International Relations at the University of Nottingham .
Hugo Fischer - Köppe ( 13 February 1890 in Bielefeld -- 31 December 1937 in Berlin ) was an early German film actor .
Henry Moore Harrington ( April 30 , 1849 -- June 25 , 1876 ) was a military officer in the 7th United States Cavalry Regiment who went Missing in action during the Battle of Little Big Horn in Montana Territory .
Juan Bautista Lázaro de Diego ( León , 1849 - Ciempozuelos , 1919 ) was a Spanish architect , born to jurist José Benito Lázaro and astorgana María de Diego Pinillos .
Kwan Tak - hing , MBE ( 27 June 1905 -- 28 June 1996 ) was a Hong Kong actor who played the role of martial artist folk hero Wong Fei - hung in at least 77 films , between the 1940s and the 1980s .
Sir Walter Leaf ( 26 November 1852 , Norwood , Middlesex -- 8 March 1927 , Torquay ) was an English banker and classical scholar .
Louisa Henrietta Sheridan ( ? -- 1842 , London ) was an English writer and illustrator .
Karl Friedrich von Klöden ( 21 May 1786 Berlin - 9 January 1856 Berlin ) was a German educator , historian , and geographer .
Karl Witzell ( 18 October 1884 , Hiersfeld near Wesel - 31 May 1976 , Berlin ) was a German naval officer who rose to General Admiral and head of the Marinewaffenhauptamt during the Second World War .
Antonio Carrillo Flores ( June 23 , 1909 -- March 20 , 1986 ) was a Mexican statesman , born in Mexico City .
Friedrich Zschokke ( 27 May 1860 , Aarau -- 10 January 1936 , Basel ) was a Swiss zoologist and parasitologist .
Arthur Curley was born January 22 , 1938 , in Boston to Irish parents .
Francesc Candel Tortajada ( May 31 , 1925 in Casas Altas -- November 23 , 2007 in Barcelona , Catalonia ) , usually known as well as Paco Candel , was a Valencian - born writer and journalist who lived most of his life in Barcelona .
Walter Maria Kersting ( born 8 July 1889 in Münster -- died 5 May 1970 in Waging am See ) was a German architect and industrial designer .
İsmail Bilen ( 1902 in Çinçiva village , Vija , Ottoman Empire -- November 18 , 1983 in East Berlin , GDR ) was a Turkish politician .
Helmut Grunsky ( 11 July 1904 in Aalen -- 5 June 1986 in Würzburg ) was a German mathematician who worked in complex analysis and geometric function theory .
Friedrich Paul Thumann ( 5 October 1834 , Groß Schacksdorf - Simmersdorf - 19 February 1908 , Berlin ) was a German illustrator and painter .
Rolandas Pavilionis ( July 3 , 1944 , Šiauliai -- May 10 , 2006 , Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian philosopher , politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Liberal Democratic Party ; part of the Union for a Europe of Nations .
Friedrich Carl Gröger ( 14 October 1766 in Plön -- 9 November 1838 in Hamburg ) was a north - German portrait painter and lithographer .
Anton Hansch ( born 24 March 1813 in Vienna ; died 8 December 1876 in Salzburg ) was an Austrian painter .
Jackie Holmes ( born Marion Holmes ; September 4 , 1920 -- March 1 , 1995 ) was an American racecar driver from Indianapolis , Indiana
Felipe Pardo y Aliaga ( 11 June 1806 , Lima -- 24 December 1868 , Lima ) was a Peruvian poet , satirist , playwright , lawyer and politician .
James J. Couzens ( August 26 , 1872 -- October 22 , 1936 ) was a U.S. Senator from the state of Michigan , the Mayor of Detroit , an industrialist , and philanthropist .
Étienne Becker ( 1 May 1936 , Paris , France -- 11 December 1995 , Paris ) is a French Director of Photography .
In the Great War , Sarony served ( as Private Leslie Sarony Frye ) in the London Scottish Regiment and the Royal Army Medical Corps in France and Salonika , and was awarded the Silver War Badge .
Rafael Santos Torroella ( Portbou , 1914 -- Barcelona , 2002 ) was a Spanish art critic , translator and poet .
Gottlieb Conrad Christian Storr ( June 16 , 1749 in Stuttgart -- February 27 , 1821 in Tübingen ) was a German physician , chemist and naturalist .
Alberto Vojtěch Frič ( 8 September 1882 Prague -- 4 December 1944 Prague ) was a famous Czech botanist , ethnographer , writer and explorer .
Arnaud II de La Porte ( born , Versailles , 14 October 1737 ; guillotined Paris , 23 August 1792 ) French statesman , Minister of the Marine , Intendant of the King 's Civil List ( Minister of the Royal Household ) .
Ali Saip Ursavaş also known as Ali Saib Bey ( 1885 ; Revandüz ( Rowanduz ) - September 25 , 1939 ; Adana ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army A politician of the Republic of Turkey .
Gustave Glotz ( 17 February 1862 , Haguenau , Bas - Rhin -- 16 April 1935 , Paris ) was a French historian of ancient Greece .
Bruno Hunziker ( 10 February 1930 in Winterthur -- 27 March 2000 in Aarau ) was a Swiss attorney , politician , and member of the Aargau canton and Swiss federal parliaments .
Antonio Filocamo ( Messina , 1669 - -1743 ) and his brother Paolo were Italian painters of the Baroque period .
Franz Hartmann ( 22 November 1838 , Donauwörth -- 7 August 1912 , Kempten i m Allgäu ) was a German medical doctor , theosophist , occultist , geomancer , astrologer , and author .
Max von Gagern ( b. Weilburg ( in Nassau ) , Germany , 25 March 1810 ; died Vienna , 17 October 1889 ) was a German liberal politician .
Dr. Krisztina Dobos ( July 18 , 1949 -- December 12 , 2013 ) was a Hungarian educator , economist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Budapest Regional List then the National List of the Hungarian Democratic Forum ( MDF ) between 1993 and 1998 .
Wenzel von Linhart ( 6 June 1821 , Seelowitz -- 22 October 1877 , Würzburg ) was an Austrian surgeon .
Myra Keaton died on July 21 , 1955 , in Los Angeles , California aged 78 .
Harry P. Guy ( 1870 in Zanesville , Ohio -- 1950 ) was a ragtime composer who lived in Detroit after 1895 .
Vakhtang Orbeliani was born in Tiflis ( Tbilisi ) , then under Imperial Russian rule , to Prince Vakhtang Orbeliani and Princess Tekle , a beloved daughter of the penultimate Georgian king Erekle II . He was a brother of Alexander Orbeliani and a cousin of Grigol Orbeliani , fellow Romanticist poets .
Puntillita ( Manuel Licea Lamouth , Yareyal , Holguín 4 January 1921 -- Havana , 4 December 2000 ) was a Cuban popular singer .
Melchior Schildt ( born 1592 or 1593 , Hanover -- 18 May 1667 ) was a German composer and organist of the North German Organ School .
Rudolf Margolius ( August 31 , 1913 , Prague -- December 3 , 1952 , Prague ) was Deputy Minister of Foreign Trade , Czechoslovakia ( 1949 - 1952 ) , and a co - defendant in the Slánský trial in November 1952 .
Kaija Siren graduated as an architect from the Helsinki University of Technology in 1948 .
Henri Nannen ( December 25 , 1913 in Emden -- October 13 , 1996 in Hanover ) was a German journalist and wartime Nazi propagandist .
Gáspár Károli ( 1529 ( ? ) , Nagykároly † 31 December 1591 , Gönc ) was a Hungarian Calvinist pastor .
Karl von Keissler ( 13 March 1872 , Vienna -- 9 January 1965 ) was an Austrian lichenologist and mycologist .
André Lefebvre de La Boulaye ( January 22 , 1876 - August 17 , 1966 Paris ) was the French Ambassador in Washington from 1933 to 1937 .
Fereydoon Moshiri ( Persian : فریدون مشیری‎‎ ; 1927 in Tehran , Iran -- October 24 , 2000 in Tehran ) was one of the prominent contemporary Persian poets who versified in both modern and classic styles of the Persian poem .
Michael Patrick O'Connor ( 1950 , Lackawanna , New York -- June 16 , 2007 , Silver Springs , New York ) was an American linguist .
Hans - Detlef Gollert - Hansen was killed on 6 March 1945 near Lake Balaton , Hungary during Operation Frühlingserwachen .
Hanns Cibulka ( born 20 September 1920 , in Jägerndorf , Upper Silesia , Czecho - Slovak Republic -- d. 20 June 2004 , in Gotha , Germany ) was a German Bohemian poet and diarist .
Lee Petty died at 4:50 a.m. on April 5 , 2000 at Moses H. Cone Memorial Hospital in Greensboro , North Carolina , at the age of 86 , several weeks after undergoing surgery for an abdominal aortic aneurysm -- a tear in the aorta vessel near the stomach that grows until cardiac arrest .
Esko Nikkari ( 23 November 1938 Lapua , Finland -- 17 December 2006 in Seinäjoki , Finland ) was a prolific Finnish actor who made more than 70 appearances on film and television .
Karl Kreibich ( 20 May 1869 -- 30 December 1932 ) was an Austrian dermatologist born in Prague .
Sam Tata died July 3 , 2005 at the age of 93 in Sooke , British Columbia , Canada .
Jean Accart ( 7 April 1912 in Fécamp -- 19 August 1992 in La Gaude ) was a French flying ace during World War II . Born in April 1912 , Accart began his military career joining the French Navy in 1932 .
Ellen Plessow ( 12 January 1891 , in Oldenburg -- 2 September 1967 , in West Berlin ) was a German actress .
March 28 , 1919 during the transition to the side of the Bashkir Army Red Army Shaikhzada Babich was brutally murdered by the Red Army in the village of Zilair Zilairsky District BASSR .
Thomas Bouch retired to Moffat , `` his health '' , already not good , `` more rapidly gave way ..
Ettore Carafa d'Andria , the Count of Ruvo ( Andria , August 10 , 1767 - Naples , September 4 , 1799 ) was an Italian soldier and republican patriot , executed after the fall of the Parthenopean Republic .
Thomas - Louis Bourgeois ( Fontaine - l'Évêque , Hainaut , Belgium 24 October 1676 - Paris January 1750 ) was a Walloon composer and haute - contre .
Mori Sumio ( 28 February 1919 in Nagasaki -- 18 August 2010 in Tokyo ) was a Japanese poet noted for haiku .
Yahia Benmabrouk died on October 8 , 2004 at the age of 76 , in the university hospital of Bab - El - Oued .
Sammy Drechsel ( 25 April 1925 in Berlin -- 19 January 1986 in Munich ) , born Karl - Heinz Kamke , was a German political comedian , journalist and sports reporter .
Charles Jules Edmée Brongniart ( 11 February 1859 , Paris -- 18 April 1899 , Paris ) was a French entomologist and paleontologist .
Helmuth Ellgaard ( 3 March 1913 in Hadersleben - 22 April 1980 in Kiel ) was a German illustrator , artist and journalist .
Ruricius Pompeianus ( died 312 Verona ) was Praetorian prefect and Commander of cavalry and infantry under Maxentius , Western Roman Emperor .
Sereno Watson ( December 1 , 1826 in East Windsor Hill , Connecticut - March 9 , 1892 in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was an American botanist .
Amedeo Biavati ( 4 April 1915 -- 22 April 1979 ) was an Italian footballer , who was born in Bologna .
Gregor von Bochmann ( 1 June 1850 , Nehatu - 12 February 1930 , Hösel , near Düsseldorf ) was a Baltic - German landscape and genre painter .
Meir Berlin , later Hebraized to Meir Bar - Ilan , ( 1880 at Volozhin , Russian Empire -- 1949 at Jerusalem , Israel ) was an Orthodox rabbi and leader of Religious Zionism , the Mizrachi movement in USA and British Mandate of Palestine .
In 1966 , Baruch Elron had his first solo exhibition in Tel Aviv , closely followed by many others :
Edward Bass ( November 23 , 1726 , in Dorchester , Massachusetts -- September 10 , 1803 , in Newburyport , Massachusetts ) was the first American Episcopal bishop of the Diocese of Massachusetts and second bishop of the Diocese of Rhode Island .
Alberto Williams was born in Buenos Aires , in 1862 .
Henry B. Hidden ( c. 1839 , New York -- March 9 , 1862 , Sangster 's Station , Virginia ) was a First Lieutenant in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Camillo Tarquini ( 27 September 1810 in Marta , located in the Montefiascone region of Italy -- 15 February 1874 in Rome ) was an Italian Cardinal , Jesuit canonist and archaeologist .
Leonīds Ostrovskis ( Russian : Леонид Альфонсович Островский , Ukrainian : Леонід Альфонсович Островський , Leonid Alfonsovich Ostrovskiy ; 17 January 1936 in Riga -- 17 April 2001 in Kiev ) was a Soviet Latvian footballer player and manager .
Károly Telepy ( Debrecen 1828 - Budapest 1906 ) was a Hungarian artist with works in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery .
Eduard Pütz ( 13 February 1911 in Illerich -- 18 January 2000 in Bad Münstereifel ) was a German composer and music teacher .
Jiří Srnka ( 19 August 1907 Písek -- 31 January 1982 Prague ) was a Czech composer .
Armand Apell ( January 16 , 1905 in Strasbourg -- July 3 , 1990 ) was a French boxer .
Prince Dmitry Mikhailovich Golitsyn ( Russian : Дмитрий Михайлович Голицын , born 15 May 1721 in Turku , died 19 September 1793 in Vienna ) was a Russian diplomat from the noble Golitsyn family .
The son of the Russian - born drawing master and watercolourist , Alexander Cozens , John Robert Cozens was born in London .
Carlos Larrañaga died at age 75 in Málaga from undisclosed causes .
Luigi Rolando ( 16 June 1773 , Turin -- 20 April 1831 , Turin ) was an Italian anatomist known for his pioneer research in brain localization of function .
Jean Bérain the Younger ( 1678 in Paris--1726 in Paris ) was a French designer , and son of Jean Bérain the Elder .
Polykarp Leyser II ( 20 November 1586 , Wittenberg - 15 January 1633 , Leipzig ) was a German Lutheran theologian and superintendent in Leipzig .
Eduard Bass , born Eduard Schmidt , ( 1 January 1888 , in Prague -- 2 February 1946 , in Prague ) was a Czech prose writer , journalist , singer , and actor .
Antonio I Ordelaffi ( c. 1390 -- August 4 , 1448 ) was lord of Forlì from 1433 to 1436 and again from 1438 to 1448 .
Miguel Pedrorena , Sr . or Miguel de Pedrorena , Sr . ( c. 1808 - -1850 ) was an early settler of San Diego , California .
Gemma Harasim ( 1876 in Fiume -- 1961 in Rome ) was a known pedagogical writer from Fiume .
Johann Georg Büsch ( January 3 , 1728 at Alten - Weding in Hanover -- August 5 , 1800 in Hamburg ) was a German mathematics teacher and writer on statistics and commerce .
Giovanni Caracciolo , often called Sergianni ( c. 1372 -- 19 August 1432 ) was an Italian nobleman of the Kingdom of Naples , prime minister and favorite of queen Joan II of Naples .
Carl Neumann Degler ( February 6 , 1921 in Newark , New Jersey - December 27 , 2014 in Palo Alto , California ) was a United States historian and Pulitzer Prize - winning author .
Jörg Syrlin the Elder ( c. 1425 in Ulm -- 1491 in Ulm ) was a German sculptor who is considered part of the Ulm school .
Pierre - Nicolas Brisset ( 18 August 1810 , Paris - 29 March 1890 , Paris ) was a French painter and muralist in the Academic style .
Dieter Klöcker ( April 13 , 1936 , Wuppertal -- May 21 , 2011 , Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German clarinetist known for rediscovering many forgotten masters of the 18th century .
Vilho Annala ( 17 January 1888 , Lapua - died 28 July 1960 , Helsinki ) was a Finnish civil servant , economist and far right politician .
François Diday ( 1802 - -1877 ) , a Swiss landscape painter , was born at Geneva .
Luděk Hulan ( 11 October 1929 , in Prague -- 22 February 1979 , in Prague ) was a Czech jazz double - bassist and musical organiser .
Pierre Roche ( Paris , 2 August 1855 - Paris , 18 January 1922 ) , pseudonym of Fernand Massignon , was a French sculptor , painter , ceramist and medallist .
Jan Snellinck ( c. 1548 in Mechelen -- 1 October 1638 in Antwerp ) was a Flemish artist and art collector .
Ekkehard IV ( c. 980 -- c. 1056 ) was a monk of the Abbey of Saint Gall and the author of the Casus sancti Galli and Liber Benedictionum .
René Leriche ( 12 October 1879 , Roanne , Loire - 28 December 1955 , Cassis , near Marseille ) was a famous French surgeon .
André Deed moved to Paris and began to appear in vaudeville theatre and cabaret , including at the Folies Bergère .
Roger Sommer ( August 4 , 1877 in Pierrepont , France - April 14 , 1965 at Sainte - Maxime ) was a French aviator .
In the course of his life , Albert Caquot taught mechanical science for a long time in three of the most prominent French engineering schools in Paris :
Gaspar Correia or Gaspar Corrêa ( ca . 1496 -- ca . 1563 in Goa ) was a Portuguese historian , author of `` Lendas da Índia ( ' ' Legends of India `` ) , one of the earliest and most important works about Portuguese rule in Asia , being referred to as a Portuguese Polybius .
Alexander Bryson FRSE FGS FRSSA FSAScot FRPSE ( 1816 - -1866 ) was a Scottish biologist , geologist and horologist who served as president of the Royal Scottish Society of Arts ( 1860 - -61 ) and as president of the Royal Physical Society of Edinburgh ( 1863 ) .
Jacques Soisson ( born February 1928 in Paris ; died 2012 ) was a French artist as well as a child and adolescent psychotherapist .
Reginaldo Rossi died on 20 December 2013 , aged 69 , in his hometown of Recife , Pernambuco .
Joseph Gerhard Zuccarini ( 10 August 1797 - 18 February 1848 ) was a German botanist , Professor of Botany at the University of Munich .
Francesc Alió i Brea ( Spanish Francisco Alió ; Barcelona , 27 March 1862 -- Barcelona , 31 March 1908 ) was a Catalan composer .
Carl Holzmann ( 22 February 1849 , Šitboř , Bohemia , Austrian Empire -- 14 September 1914 , Baden bei Wien , Lower Austria , Austria - Hungary ) was an Austrian architect who designed several apartment buildings in the centre of Vienna , mostly in the Historicist style .
Friedrich Moritz Brauer ( 12 May 1832 , Vienna - 29 December 1904 ) was an Austrian entomologist who was Director of the Naturhistorisches Hofmuseum , Vienna , at the time of his death .
Sir John Maclean , 1st Baronet , ( 1604 -- 7 July 1666 ) also known as John Makeléer or Hans Makeléer in Sweden , was Lord of Gåsevadholm , and Hageby and Hammarö .
Alberto Valdiri ( Barranquilla - August 14 , 1959 -- Bogotá - December 20 , 2014 ) was a Colombian actor whose credits included comedic and dramatics roles in television series , telenovelas , theater , and more than twenty films .
Francis Dreyfus died at the American Hospital of Paris in Neuilly - sur - Seine , a suburb of Paris , on 24 June 2010 at the age of 70 .
Friedrich Gustav Carl Emil Erlenmeyer was born in Heidelberg , but moved with his family to Munich in 1868 .
Giuseppe Galliano ( Vicoforte , 1846 - Adwa , 1896 ) was an officer of the Italian army .
Joseph Ernst von Bandel ( 17 May 1800 , Ansbach - 25 September 1876 , Neudegg , near Donauwörth ) was a German architect , sculptor and painter .
Edwin Francis Jemison ( December 1 , 1844 in Milledgeville , Georgia -- July 1 , 1862 in Henrico County , Virginia ) was a Private in the Confederate States Army during American Civil War , who served in the 2nd Louisiana Volunteer Infantry Regiment .
Aladár Aujeszky ( 11 January 1869 Pest - 9 March 1933 Budapest ) was a Hungarian veterinary pathologist , professor of bacteriology and microbiologist , noted for his work on Pseudorabies .
Melchor de Talamantes ( in full , Melchor de Talamantes Salvador y Baeza ) ( January 10 , 1765 , Lima , Viceroyalty of Peru -- May 9 , 1809 , Veracruz , Mexico ) , was a Mercedarian friar and priest , a political liberal , and a leader in Mexico 's movement for independence from Spain .
Richard Kandt ( 17 December 1867 in Posen -- 29 April 1918 in Nuremberg ; original name Kantorowicz ) was a German physician and explorer of Africa .
Rolf Magener died in Heidelberg , Germany on 5 May 2000 at the age of 89 .
Pasqual Scanu ( Alghero 1908 - Sassari 1978 ) was an Italian educator and writer in Catalan and Italian .
Petar Krivokuća ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пeтap Kpивoкућa ; born June 12 , 1947 in Rokci village near Ivanjica , Serbia , FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia .
Jeremy Yablonski ( born March 21 , 1980 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who is currently a free agent .
Ólafur Örn Bjarnason ( born 15 May 1975 ) is an Icelandic football defender , currently playing for Fram .
Danny Irmen ( born September 6 , 1984 in Fargo , North Dakota ) is an American professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Samuel García Sánchez ( born 13 July 1990 ) , commonly known as Samu , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a right winger or forward .
Senin Sebai ( born 18 December 1993 in Abidjan , Ivory Coast ) is a Ivorian football forward who plays for Slutsk .
Allan Anthony Costly Blyden ( born 13 December 1954 ) is a Honduran former footballer who played at both professional and international levels , as a defender .
Kenny Mwape ( 1955 - -2007 ) was a Zambian goalkeeper and coach .
Salvador Bernárdez ( ca . 1953 -- 18 July 2011 ) was a Honduran international football midfielder .
Marcos Aurélio Galeano , ( born 28 March 1972 in Ivaiporã , Paraná ) , is a former Brazilian footballer at the positions of midfielder and defender .
Melchizedek is mentioned twice in the Hebrew Bible , the first in Genesis and the second in Psalms .
Guy Warner is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Craig Parker in a guest role in 1992 before returning as core cast from 1993 to 1996 .
Blanche Hunt ( née Linfield ) was a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Coronation Street .
Kelly Windsor ( previously Glover ) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale , played by Adele Silva .
Kenshi is a player character from the Mortal Kombat series of fighting games .
Nora Lewin is a fictional character on the TV show Law & Order , played by two - time Academy Award winning actress Dianne Wiest from 2000 to 2002 .
Ruan Xiaoqi , also known as Ruan the Seventh , is a fictional character in Water Margin , one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature .
Matthias Brandner is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) portrayed by actor and entertainer Thomas Ohrner .
Thomas Todd Manning and Blair Cramer Manning are fictional characters and a supercouple from the ABC daytime drama One Life to Live .
Emily Bishop ( née Nugent , previously Swain and known and credited in the early days of the show as Miss Nugent ) is a long - standing fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera , Coronation Street .
Attack on Leningrad , or just Leningrad , is a 2009 war film written and directed by Aleksandr Buravsky , set during the Siege of Leningrad .
Made on a budget of ₹600 million ( US$ 9.0 million ) , Race 2 was released on 25 January 2013 and opened to mixed reviews from critics and highly positive response at the box office , earning ₹1.62 billion ( US$ 24 million ) worldwide .
Innerstate is a 2007 documentary film on the `` inner states '' of three adults living with chronic diseases of the immune system : psoriasis , Crohn 's disease , and rheumatoid arthritis .
The Spider Returns is a 1941 15-chapter Columbia movie serial based on the pulp magazine character The Spider .
A Man of Iron ( also known as The Iron Man ) is a lost 1925 silent film produced and directed by Whitman Bennett and distributed through Chadwick Pictures .
Alkitrang dugo is a 1975 Filipino film based on the novel Lord of the Flies by English novelist Sir William Golding .
American Threnody is a 2007 American documentary film , directed by Robert Rex Jackson .
The Haunted Drum is a Thai 2007 horror drama film .
Al - Mughamara ( Arabic : المغامرة‎ ) ( The Adventure ) is a Syrian film which was released in 1974 .
She - Wolves of the Wasteland , also known as Phoenix the Warrior and She Wolves of the Wasteland , is a 1988 American post apocalyptic film directed by Robert Hayes .
B.C. 's Quest for Tires is a 1983 video game developed by Sydney Development and published by Sierra On - Line .
Our Fragrance ( Urie Hyanggi ) is a 2003 North Korean film written by Ri Suk Gyong and produced and directed by Jon Jong Pal .
The first book in the series , Mihin menet Pupu Tupuna ? , was published in 1972 , with more than twenty further books following over the next three decades .
Bungala Boys is a 1961 Australian family film directed and written by Jim Jeffrey .
Hockey Homicide is a cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1945 .
Akrobatisches Potpourri ( also known as Gymnastikerfamilie Grunato ) is an 1895 German short black - and - white silent documentary film directed and produced by Max and Emil Skladanowsky and starring the Grunato family .
My Boyfriends ' Dogs is a 2014 American comedy television film , directed by Terry Ingram , written by Jon Maas and Gary Goldstein , based on the Dandi Daley Mackall novel of the same name .
Normal Life is a 1996 American crime drama film based on the real lives of husband and wife bank robbers , Jeffrey and Jill Erickson .
Home Beyond the Sun is a 2004 film about a fight for freedom , and a search for truth .
Badnaam is a Pakistani film in Urdu language , released on September 2 , 1966 .
Kusume Rumal 2 ( Nepali : कुसुमे रुमाल २ , translation : Pink Handkerchief 2 ) is a 2009 Nepali romantic film directed by Nirak Poudel , son of veteran Nepali Producer Uddab Poudel .
Starship Invasions is a 1977 Canadian science fiction film produced by Ed Hunt and filmed in Toronto , Ontario .
National Lampoon 's Favorite Deadly Sins is a 1995 comedy TV - film .
Ghar Dwaar is a 1985 Hindi family drama film starring Tanuja and Sachin Pilgaonkar in the lead roles .
Heidi 4 Paws was syndicated to public television stations in the United States through American Public Television and WTTW Chicago in November / December 2008 .
Sword of Gideon is a 1986 television film about Mossad agents hunting down terrorists associated with the 1972 Munich massacre .
Doing Time on Maple Drive is a 1992 drama television film .
Metacritic would later rank The Nutcracker in 3D the `` Worst Limited Release '' film of 2010 .
In the Shade of Trees ( Vietnamese : Dưới bóng cây ) is a 2011 Vietnamese computer - animated comedy - adventure film produced by Colory Animation Studio .
Moon Safari is the debut studio album by French electronic music duo Air , released on 16 January 1998 .
The Business of Strangers is a 2001 film that tells the story of an eventful night shared between a middle - aged businesswoman and her young assistant .
Longman Grammar of Spoken and Written English ( LGSWE ) is a descriptive grammar of English written by Douglas Biber , Stig Johansson , Geoffrey Leech , Susan Conrad , and Edward Finegan , first published by Longman in 1999 .
Hear the Silence is a 2003 semi - fictional TV drama based on the MMR vaccine controversy , in which Andrew Wakefield published a paper claiming a possible link between the MMR vaccine and autism .
Beau James is a 1957 film based on a non - fiction book of the same name by Gene Fowler .
The Living Sea is a 70 mm American documentary film exploring marine locales intended to show the importance of protecting the ocean , released to IMAX theaters in 1995 .
Halima 's Path ( Bosnian : Halimin put ) is 2012 Bosnian - Croatian - Slovenian drama film about a grieving , but strong - willed Bosniak woman , Halima , who must track down her estranged niece in order to recover the bones of her son lost during the war in Bosnia in the 1990s .
My Brother the Islamist is a 2011 documentary produced and directed by film - maker Robb Leech .
Hare Remover is a Merrie Melodies cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd , released in 1946 .
After a premiering out of competition at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival , U2 3D showed at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and had its limited theatrical release in late January 2008 , followed by its wide release the following month .
Sextette is a 1978 American comedy / musical motion picture released by Crown International Pictures .
The success of the original Lost Treasures of Infocom prompted a follow - up collection published in 1992 titled The Lost Treasures of Infocom II . This package contained 11 more classic Infocom titles .
The Cohens and Kellys in Trouble is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy film starring Charlie Murray , Andy Devine and Maureen O'Sullivan .
Asha Jaoar Majhe ( English : Labour of Love ) is a 2014 Bengali - language film by Aditya Vikram Sengupta .
The Honourable Wally Norman is a 2003 Australian comedy film directed by Ted Emery .
Marriage Story ( Hangul : 결혼이야기 ; RR : Kyeolhon iyagi ) is a 1992 South Korean film .
Or Iravu ( Tamil : ஓர் இரவு ; English : One Night ) is a 1951 Tamil film produced by AVM Productions .
Seconds Apart is a 2011 American horror / thriller film .
Drive , He Said ( 1971 ) is an American motion picture released by Columbia Pictures .
Remembering Charlie Perkins is a 2009 film tribute to Aboriginal activist Dr. Charles N. Perkins .
Piranha 3DD is a 2012 American 3D comedy horror film and sequel to the 2010 film Piranha 3D.
Bar Girls is a lesbian - themed romantic comedy film written by Lauran Hoffman , adapted by Hoffman from her stage play of the same name for the screen in 1994 .
Punchirikku Parasparam ( English : Smile With Each Other ) is a 2015 Malayalam short film directed by Hari P. Nair and produced by Ramesh Pisharody .
Three Businessmen is a film made in 1998 .
`` Out Here on My Own '' is a ballad from the 1980 musical film Fame , performed by Irene Cara .
Gang Cops is a 1988 American short documentary film following the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department 's special gang unit in South Central Los Angeles .
Njavalppazhangal is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film , directed by PMA Azeez and produced by MK Kunju Muhammad .
Mr. Popper 's Penguins is a children 's book written by Richard and Florence Atwater , originally published in 1938 .
The Mystery at the Moss - Covered Mansion is the eighteenth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series published by Grossett & Dunlap , and was first published in 1941 .
Uvaa is a 2015 Indian comedy and social drama film , written and directed by Jasbir Bhaati and produced by Dhanraj Films about five friends in a boarding school and their daily life suddenly turning into a rebellious fight for justice and making an example for the outside world .
Scents and Sensibility is a 2011 film that follows a once - wealthy family as it begins struggling to make ends meet after the father is imprisoned for investment fraud .
Pinay Pie is a 2003 Filipino comedy film , directed by award - winning multi - genre director Jose Javier Reyes .
Hifajat is a Nepali film released on 10 April 2010 .
Betrayal at House on the Hill won the 2004 Gamers Choice Award for Best Board Game .
A Gathering of Eagles is a 1963 film about the U.S. Air Force during the Cold War and the pressures of command .
Vishwaroopam II was scheduled to release on August 3 , 2015 , but due to delays Kamal Hassan has changed the date .
The Man from Painted Post is a 1917 American Western drama film produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks .
Goodbye Promise premiered on June 1 , 2012 at The Downtown Independent in Los Angeles .
Viswa Mohini ( Telugu:విశ్వమోహిని ) is a 1940 Telugu , romance film directed by Y. V. Rao .
Ek Hazarachi Note ( 1000 Rupee Note ) is a 2014 Marathi film directed by Shrihari Sathe .
Bass Ackwards was named an official selection in the 2010 Sundance Film Festival for inclusion in NEXT , a new category that recognized films for their innovative and original work in low - and - no - budget filmmaking , and is part of a wave of films that showcases the diversity of independent cinema .
Garfield 's Fun Fest is a 2008 CGI movie starring Garfield .
Goodbye Gemini ( aka Twinsanity ) is a 1970 British thriller starring Judy Geeson and Martin Potter .
Bangalore Mail ( Kannada : ಬೆಂಗಳೂರು ಮೈಲ್ ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film directed by L. S. Narayana and produced by Y. V. Rao .
Believe Me , Xantippe is a lost 1918 American silent romantic comedy film produced by Jesse Lasky for release through Paramount Pictures .
Clouds of Sils Maria opened in France on 20 August 2014 in 150 theaters for a $ 3,663 per theater average and a box office total of $ 549,426 as of 24 August 2014 .
Blood Wars has been released on January 8 , 2006 and is developed and maintained by BW Team .
The Blasphemers ' Banquet is a film - poem created in 1989 by English poet and playwright Tony Harrison which examines censorship arising from religious issues .
Baalaraajana Kathe ( Kannada : ಬಾಲರಾಜನ ಕಥೆ ) is a 1965 Indian Kannada film , directed by Venunath .
Do Thug is a 1975 Indian film directed by S. D. Narang .
The Turmoil is a 1916 silent film drama based on a novel by Booth Tarkington .
Colosseum and Juicy Lucy is a 1970 British concert film featuring performances of the bands Colesseum and Juicy Lucy .
Iron Seed is a 1994 DOS video game , developed and published by Channel 7 .
I Am an American Soldier is a 2007 documentary film about the Iraq War , produced by John Laurence .
Beyond Conviction ( 2006 ) is a feature documentary directed and produced by Rachel Libert that tells the story of three crime victims as they prepare to meet the people who committed these crimes .
Introduction to Life ( Russian : Вступление , Vstuplijenije ) is a 1962 Soviet film about World War II seen through the eyes of a young boy from Leningrad .
I Thank a Fool is a 1962 British Metrocolor crime film made by Eaton ( De Grunwald Productions ) and Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer in CinemaScope .
Splashy Fish is a 2014 mobile game for Apple iOS , Android and Windows Mobile developed by redBit games .
Cockneys vs Zombies is a 2012 British zombie comedy film directed by Matthias Hoene and written by James Moran and Lucas Roche .
Brooklyn Lobster is a 2005 American drama film `` presented '' by Martin Scorsese and written , produced , and directed by Kevin Jordan .
Fiorile is a 1993 Italian drama film about a family curse caused by greed .
Mayakkam Enna ( English : Why this illusion ? ) is a 2011 Tamil musical film written and directed by Selvaraghavan and produced by Gemini Film Circuit in association with Aum Productions Selvaraghavan is own banner .
Underwater Warrior is a 1958 CinemaScope film telling the story of the US Navy 's Underwater Demolition Teams between World War II and the Korean War .
Ireland , the Oppressed is a 1912 American silent film produced by Kalem Film Company and distributed by General Film Company .
Soch Lo is 2010 Hindi mystery film developed under the banner of Sun Entertainment , directed by Sartaj Singh Pannu and produced by Karanbir Singh Pannu .
Mr Stringfellow Says No is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Randall Faye and starring Neil Hamilton , Claude Dampier and Muriel Aked .
Life Study is a 1973 romance film of young Italian - American boy Angelo and a rich , eccentric , lonely girl Myrna .
Despicable Me 2 is a 2013 American 3D computer - animated comedy film and the sequel to the 2010 animated film Despicable Me .
Odahuttidavalu ( Kannada : ಒಡಹುಟ್ಟಿದವಳು ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Sai Prakash and produced by K. Manju .
Pro peníze is a 1912 Czech silent drama film .
Jarum Halus is a 2008 Malaysian drama film .
We Sold Our Soul for Rock ' n ' Roll is a compilation album by Black Sabbath , originally released on 1 December 1975 in the UK and then on 3 February 1976 in the U.S.
Sattam Sirikkiradhu ( Tamil:சட்டம் சிரிக்கிறது ) is a 1982 Indian Tamil film , directed by Ramana .
A Summer in the Cage is a 2007 documentary film about a man 's experiences with bipolar disorder .
The Frogville ( simplified Chinese : 桃蛙源记 ; traditional Chinese : 桃蛙源記 ) is a 2014 Taiwanese 3D animated children 's film .
Turtles Forever ( also known as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Turtles Forever or TMNT : Turtles Forever ) is a 2009 American television film produced by 4Kids Entertainment .
Queen of the Jungle ( 1935 ) is an independent film serial produced by Herman Wohl and released theatrically by Screen Attractions .
Cyber - Lip is a horizontally scrolling , side - view platformer shoot 'em up ( this combination is sometimes referred to as `` run and gun '' ) arcade game released by SNK Corporation in 1990 for the SNK Neo - Geo MVS .
Koodapirappu is a 1956 Indian Malayalam film , directed by JD Thottan and poduced by Rasheed .
Lady Chatterley 's Daughter is a 2011 American made for cable erotic film written , produced and directed by Fred Olen Ray ( under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina ) .
Saphalam is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Ashok R Nath and produced by V Anil Thomas .
Admission Free is a 1932 Pre - Code Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short film starring Betty Boop .
Missing You ... ( Chinese : 想你的时候 ; pinyin : xiǎng nǐ dè shí hoù ) is a 2008 Singaporean romance cum drama film about the highs and lows of the Singaporean getai trade .
Deafula is a 1975 horror movie done completely in American Sign Language .
Strangers Within is an upcoming 2015 British home invasion horror film .
Kalavani ( Tamil : களவாணி),(English : Thief ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer A. Sargunam .
Mermaid Madness is an action - adventure game developed by Soft Design and published by Electric Dreams Software for the Amstrad CPC , Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum in 1986 .
Terror Is a Man is a 1959 Filipino / American horror film directed by Gerardo de Leon .
An Immortal Man ( En udødelig mann ) is a miniseries on Henrik Ibsen 's childhood and youth in three episodes , produced by the NRK in 2006 on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of Ibsen 's death .
Brand New World , also called Woundings , a UK movie filmed in Cregneash , Isle of Man , based on Jeff Noon 's play Woundings and released in 1998 .
Blast of Silence is an American crime / thriller film released in 1961 .
Vella kalpi is a 1970 film produced and distributed by Rigas Kinostudija .
High Tension ( French : Haute Tension , French pronunciation : ​(ot tɑ̃sjɔ̃ ) ; released in the UK as Switchblade Romance ) is a 2003 French horror film that was later released in 2004 in the UK and 2005 in the US and Canada .
The Teahouse of the August Moon is a 1956 American comedy film satirizing the U.S. occupation and Americanization of the island of Okinawa following the end of World War II in 1945 .
Ndeyssaan is a 2001 French / Senegalese film .
The Mighty Kong is a 1998 American direct - to - video animated , musical adaptation of the classic King Kong story .
El hombre de los hongos ( English : The Man of the Mushrooms ) is a 1976 Mexican drama film based on the novel of the same name by Sergio Galindo .
Floundering is a 1994 comedy film set in the aftermath of the Los Angeles riots of 1992 .
The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes , released in 2005 , was the second feature - length film by the Brothers Quay and their first film in over ten years .
Don Winslow of the Navy ( 1942 ) is a Universal Pictures film serial based on the comic strip Don Winslow of the Navy by Commander Frank V. Martinek .
Carlton - Browne of the F.O. ( U.S. title : Man in a Cocked Hat ) is a 1959 British comedy film made by the Boulting Brothers .
Divorce Iranian Style is a 1998 documentary film directed by Kim Longinotto and Ziba Mir - Hosseini which chronicles the legal battles of three Iranian couples as they seek divorce in the Iranian court system .
Ennu Ninte Moideen ( English : Yours Forever , Moideen ) is a 2015 Malayalam romantic thriller film written and directed by R. S. Vimal , based on the real - life story of Moideen and Kanchanamala , which took place in the 1960s in Mukkam , Kozhikode .
Skum Rocks ! is a 2013 independent rockumentary film about Skum , a 1980s rock band with `` a near - crippling lack of musical talent . ''
El Mal amor is a 1955 Argentine film directed by Luis Mottura .
Do Matwale is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ajay Kashyap and produced by Pushpa S. Choudhary .
Time Further Out is a 1961 release by the Dave Brubeck Quartet .
The Bamboo Saucer is a 1968 science fiction film about competing American and Russian teams that discover a flying saucer in Communist China .
Food and Magic is a 1943 short documentary film commissioned by the United States Government during World War II . Food and Magic , was produced by the War Activities Committee of The Motion Picture Industry and it deals with food conservation and healthy eating .
Jamaica Run is a 1953 adventure - drama concerning ownership of an old estate set on the island in the Caribbean .
American Milkshake is a 2013 American dark comedy film written and directed by David Andalman and Mariko Munro , starring Tyler Ross , Shareeka Epps , Georgia Ford , Eshan Bay , Leo Fitzpatrick and Danny Burstein .
Outbreak of Hostilities is a 1981 Australian film set prior to the beginning of World War Two .
Passport to Nowhere is a 1947 American short documentary film produced by Frederic Ullman Jr ..
Bombhunters is a 2006 documentary film produced and directed by Skye Fitzgerald , that documents the effects of unexploded ordnance on Cambodian people , both within their homeland and in the US .
The Way of the Exploding Fist is a 1985 fighting game by Gregg Barnett of Beam Software .
Tomb Robber ( Chinese : 密道追踪之阴兵虎符 ) is a 2014 Chinese action adventure suspense thriller film directed by Yu Dao .
Jake Squared is a 2013 comedy drama film directed by Howard Goldberg .
The Oil Gush Fire in Bibiheybat ( Azerbaijani : Bibiheybətdə neft fontanı yanğını ) is an 1898 Azerbaijani silent film .
The Phantom Creeps is a 1939 serial about a mad scientist who attempts to rule the world by creating various elaborate inventions .
Baby Pac - Man is a hybrid arcade / pinball game released by Bally Midway on October 11 , 1982 .
The Floating Admiral is a collaborative detective novel written by fourteen members of the Detection Club in 1931 .
Vote for Change ? 2004 is a 2008 documentary film produced and directed by Rick Charnoski and Coan Nichols .
Gee Whiz - z - z - z - z - z - z is a 1956 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner ( released on May 5 , 1956 ) .
Letters to Ali is a 2004 documentary film about the story of an asylum seeker , a family and a filmmaker .
Arirang geuhu iyagi ( 아리랑 그 후 이야기 literally A Story of the Day after Arirang aka 아리알 후편 , Arirang hu pyeon , aka Arirang 2 ) is a 1930 Korean film written by and starring Na Woon - gyu .
When Dreams Come True is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Fatty Arbuckle .
La Libération de Paris ( The Liberation of Paris ) is a short historical documentary shot in secret by small propaganda units of the French Resistance during the Battle for Paris in August 1944 .
Republik Twitter ( stylised as # republiktwitter ; meaning The Twitter Republic ) is an Indonesian romantic drama directed by Kuntz Agus released in 2012 .
War Chhod Na Yaar ( English translation : Quit the War , Dude ) is a 2013 Indian war- comedy film directed and written by Faraz Haider and dialogues are written by Kingrani .
Jason and Shirley is a 2015 drama comedy fantasy film by Stephen Winter .
With The Thief and the Cobbler being in production from 1964 until 1995 , a total of 31 years , it surpassed the 20-year Guinness record by Tiefland ( 1954 ) .
It was made by the Australian government to promote British emigration to Australia as part of the `` Bring Out a Briton '' campaign launched in 1957 by Athol Townley .
In Search of Amelia Earhart is the 1972 album by Plainsong , a band formed by country rock / folk rock musician Ian Matthews and Andy Roberts .
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a 2002 American spy action comedy film .
Silandhi ( English : Spider ) is a 2008 Tamil language thriller film .
It Was Him or Us , a.k.a . Love and Terror , is an American made for television film which aired on CBS in 1995 .
Do n't Just Stand There ! is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Ron Winston and written by Charles Williams .
My Wife Is 18 ( Simplified Chinese : 我老婆唔够秤 ; Traditional Chinese : 我老婆唔夠秤 ) is a 2002 Hong Kong film .
Asturias published his novel Mulata de tal while he and his wife were living in Genoa in 1963 .
A Kentucky Cinderella is a 1917 silent film adapted from an 1898 short story by Francis Hopkinson Smith .
Vamsa Vilakku ( Tamil : வம்ச விளக்கு ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by R. Krishnamoorthy and produced by S. R. Arulprakasam .
Chora Chittha Chora ( Kannada : ಚೋರ ಚಿತ್ತ ಚೋರ ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by Subramanya and produced by Sa . Ra .
Jazz Advance is the debut album by pianist Cecil Taylor recorded for the Transition label on September 14 , 1956 .
Wish upon a Pike ( Russian : По щучьему веленью ) is a 1938 fantasy film directed by Aleksandr Rou , which is debut and filmed at Soyuzdetfilm .
The Haunted Airman is a psychological thriller film first aired on BBC Four on 31 October 2006 .
Chukkallo Chandrudu ( English : Moon between Stars ) is a 2006 Telugu film released on 14 January 2006 and was directed by Sivakumar , one of Mani Ratnam 's associates .
Linehaul is a 1973 Australian television film about truckie Dave Morgan .
La Provocation ( English : The Provocation ) is a French drama film from 1970 .
Jayammana Maga ( Kannada : ಜಯಮ್ಮನ ಮಗ ) is a 2013 horror thriller Kannada film directed and written by Ravikiran Vikas , marking his debut venture .
The 33D Invader ( 蜜桃成熟時３３Ｄ ) is a 2011 Hong Kong science fiction sex comedy film directed by Cash Chin .
The Girl Stage Driver ( 1914 ) is a silent short Western film .
Oil Storm is a 2005 television docudrama portraying a future oil - shortage crisis in the United States , precipitated by a hurricane destroying key parts of the United States ' oil infrastructure .
The Sword Bearer ( Russian : Меченосец , Mechenosets ) is a 2006 Russian action film directed by Filipp Yankovsky , based on Yevgeni Danilenko 's book of the same name .
Big Brown Eyes is a 1936 crime / detective film .
Bird Mother is an action game developed by Novotrade ( Andromeda Software ) and published by Creative Sparks for the Commodore 64 in 1984 .
I Killed Geronimo is a 1950 American film about the Chiricahua Apache leader Geronimo .
Smooth Talk is a 1985 drama film , loosely based on Joyce Carol Oates ' 1966 short story Where Are You Going , Where Have You Been ? , which was in turn inspired by the Tucson murders committed by Charles Schmid .
Copper Angel ( Russian : Медный ангел ; translit . Medny angel ) is a 1984 Soviet motion picture production of Gorky Film Studios .
The Grudge is a 2004 American supernatural horror film and a remake of the Japanese film Ju - On :
A Soldier 's Friend is a 2014 children 's novel written by Megan Rix and published by Puffin Books .
Easier with Practice is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Kyle Patrick Alvarez .
Ruff ' n ' Tumble is a computer game for the Commodore Amiga , developed by Wunderkind and published by Renegade in 1994 .
Give Us Wings ( 1940 ) is a Universal film starring the Dead End Kids and the Little Tough Guys .
The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training is the 1977 sequel to the feature film The Bad News Bears .
UltraMixer has been actively developed since 2002 by Tobias Bley and Matthias Hänel .
The Downhill ( Greek : O Katiforos , Greek : Ο Κατήφορος ) is a 1961 Greek drama film made by Finos Films .
Rugby Challenge was released on 26 August 2011 in New Zealand for consoles and was released on 2 September for Australia and 8 September for South Africa .
Processo contro ignoti is a 1952 Italian crime - drama film .
A Gesheft ( Yiddish : א געשעפט‎ , The Deal ) is a 2005 action film , with a religious message , in the Yiddish language , made by Haredi Jews from Monsey , New York .
True Caribbean Pirates is a documentary which aired on The History Channel in 2006 .
Vi har så mycket att säga varandra is a song written by , Jules Sylvain ( music ) and Åke Söderblom ( lyrics ) , for the 1940 film `` Kyss henne ! '' , where it was performed by Annalisa Ericson and Åke Söderblom .
`` Rise Like a Phoenix '' is a pop song performed by Austrian singer Conchita Wurst , and the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 .
The Wisdom Tree is a 2013 independent mystery science fiction film .
The Pact 2 ( also stylized as The Pact II ) is a 2014 American horror movie that was directed by Dallas Richard Hallam and Patrick Horvath .
Donald 's Vacation is a Donald Duck cartoon made by The Walt Disney Company and released by RKO Pictures on August 9 , 1940 .
Mobile Fighter G Gundam , also known in Japan as Mobile Fighting Legend G Gundam ( 機動武闘伝Gガンダム Kidō Butōden Jī Gandamu ) , is a 1994 Japanese animated television series produced by Sunrise and the 5th incarnation of the long running Gundam Franchise .
Garam Coat ( English : The Clerk and the Coat ) was a 1955 Indian Hindi drama film , directed by Amar Kumar and written by noted writer Rajinder Singh Bedi , adapted from the short story , The Overcoat ( 1842 ) by Nikolai Gogol .
Pirates Island is a 1990 Australian movie about a group of children who are swept away in a balloon to an island where pirates run amok .
One Deep Breath is Bradley Joseph 's fifth album , ( see 2002 in music ) .
Thiruppam is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by R. Krishnamoorthy and produced by K. R. Gangadharan .
Passionate Journey , or My Book of Hours ( French : Mon livre d'heures ) , is a wordless novel of 1919 by Flemish artist Frans Masereel .
Den osynlige ( The Invisible ) is a 2002 Swedish film directed by Joel Bergvall and Simon Sandquist , and based on Mats Wahl 's book of the same name .
Myself in the Distant Future is a 1997 North Korean film directed by Jang In - hak .
Away All Boats is a 1956 American war film produced by Universal - International .
Jeeo Aur Jeene Do ( English : Live & Let Live ) is a 1982 Bollywood Action film produced by Ratan Mohan on R.M. Art Productions banner , directed by Shyam Ralhan .
The Wolves of Kromer is a 1998 gay - themed , allegorical dark fantasy film based on a play of the same name by Charles Lambert .
A full length biographical feature film with the title name Chandrahasa was released in 1965 in Kannada .
Henry Aldrich Swings It is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Hugh Bennett and written by Muriel Roy Bolton and Val Burton .
Red Cherry ( 红樱桃 , fanti : 紅櫻桃 , pinyin : Hóng yīng táo ) is a 1995 film directed by Ye Ying ( also known as Daying Ye ) .
Dům pro dva ( English : House for Two ) is a 1987 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Miloš Zábranský .
The first SAFER cipher was SAFER K-64 , published by Massey in 1993 , with a 64-bit block size .
Attack from Space is a 1964 film edited together for American television from the 1957 films # 5 and # 6 of the Japanese short film series Super Giant .
Be - Imaan ( Hindi : बेईमान , Urdu : بے ایمان ) is a 1972 film directed by Sohanlal Kanwar .
Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen ( `` Bubotuber and Pigwidgeon '' ) is a 2008 fact book by the Finnish translator of the Harry Potter books , Jaana Kapari - Jatta .
Shounen Ninja Sasuke is an action - adventure game released by Sunsoft for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994 .
No Funny Business is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Victor Hanbury and starring Laurence Olivier , Gertrude Lawrence , Jill Esmond and Edmund Breon .
Adina 's Deck is a 2007 American DVD film series about internet safety and aimed toward 9- to 15-year - old children .
Midnight Faces ( 1926 ) is a silent film starring Francis X. Bushman , Jr. and Jack Perrin .
The Little Snob is a 1928 silent comedy film from Warner Bros ..
A Frozen Flower ( Hangul : 쌍화점 ; RR : Ssanghwajeom ) is a 2008 South Korean historical erotic film .
Sally of the Scandals is a 1928 silent film crime drama produced and released by Film Booking Offices of America aka FBO .
Star 67 is a 2012 crime thriller directed by Kathi Selvakumar and Triden V Balasingam , featuring Imman Kannan in the lead role .
Salvation Boulevard is a 2011 comedy - drama - thriller - action film with religious satire undertones .
My Kontrabida Girl ( My Antagonist Girl or My Villain Girl ) is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Jade Castro .
Cat Ballou is a 1965 comedy Western musical film , the story of a woman who hires a notorious gunman to protect her father 's ranch , and later to avenge his murder , but finds that the gunman is not what she expected .
Sister Mary is a 2011 American comedy musical film directed and written by Scott Grenke .
The Wizard of Mars is a 1965 low budget science fiction film takeoff of L. Frank Baum 's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz co - written and directed by stage magician David L. Hewitt .
The New Spirit is a 1942 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and the U.S. Department of the Treasury , and released by the War Activities Committee of the Motion Pictures Industry .
Louisiana Story ( 1948 ) is a 78-minute black - and - white American film .
Love Live Long is a 2008 experimental film centered on the Gumball 3000 rally .
Obey The Law is a 1926 silent film adventure - drama made by the Cohn brothers , Jack and Harry Cohn , and Al Raboch .
Vaachalam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Biju Varkey .
The Wakhan Front ( French : Ni le ciel ni la terre ) is a 2015 French war thriller drama film directed by Clément Cogitore .
Aisa Yeh Jahaan is a 2015 Indian drama film , directed and written by Biswajeet Bora and produced by Maya Kholie .
Jiyo Kaka ( Bengali : জিয়ো কাকা ) is a 2011 Bengali comedy film directed by debutant Parambrata Chattopadhyay , the renowned film actor .
Bag Boy Lover Boy is a 2014 comedy horror film that was directed by Andres Torres .
Wolvesbayne premiered on Syfy 's 31 nights of Halloween in 2009 .
The Mad Monster is an American horror film released in 1942 by P.R.C. ( Producers Releasing Corporation ) , a Poverty Row studio .
Seasick Sailor is a 2013 horror and dramatic short film from Torre Catalano .
Beneath Clouds is a 2002 film by Australian director Ivan Sen. It is the feature film debut by the two lead actors .
Pegando con tubo ( English : Hitting with Tube ) is a 1961 Mexican comedy film directed by Jaime Salvador and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina , performed by Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine .
BoneTown is an adult adventure video game developed and published by D - Dub Software and released for the PC as a digital download in 2008 .
Morris the Midget Moose is a 1950 Walt Disney animated short , originally released to theaters on November 24 , 1950 from The Walt Disney Studios , originally released by RKO Radio Pictures and then , Buena Vista Distribution for its re - release .
The Outer Space Connection is a 1975 documentary film produced by Alan Landsburg , directed by Fred Warshofsky and narrated by Rod Serling .
Buddy the Gob is an American animated short film , produced and released by Warner Bros. on January 13 , 1934 .
De México llegó el amor ( English : From Mexico came the love ) is a 1940 Argentine black - and - white film , directed by Richard Harlan and written by Ariel Cortazzo and Conrado de Keller .
Bhat De ( Bengali : ভাত দে ) is a Bangladeshi film drama released in 1984 .
Stone Cold Classics is a compilation album by English rock band Queen released on 11 April 2006 , in conjunction with the broadcast of an episode of the U.S. television series American Idol , in which contestants performed songs from the Queen catalogue .
Cytron is a computer game for the Amiga , developed by Lunatic Software and released by Psygnosis in 1992 .
Amish Grace is a television film that premiered on the Lifetime Movie Network on Palm Sunday , March 28 , 2010 .
Mini 's First Time is a 2006 comedy drama film written and directed by Nick Guthe and produced by Trigger Street Productions .
Blood Sucking Freaks is a 1976 exploitation - splatter film .
The Archivist is an American novel by Martha Cooley , first published in a hardcover format by Little , Brown and Company in 1998 .
Old Mao 's Second Spring ( Chinese : Lao Mo de di er ge chun tian ) is a 1984 Taiwanese drama film directed by You - ning Lee .
How to Grow a Planet is a 2012 TV series produced by the BBC .
The Last American Hero ( also known as Hard Driver ) is a 1973 sports drama film based on the true story of American NASCAR driver Junior Johnson .
The autobiography was preceded by a screenplay entitled Too Young To Fight , Too Old To Forget which was filmed by Thames TV in July 1985 under the title A Better Class of Person , directed by Frank Cvitanovich , with Eileen Atkins and Alan Howard as his parents and Gary Capelin and Neil McPherson as Osborne .
Extreme Days is a 2001 Christian - based comedy romance film about four boys on a roadtrip that they have been planning their whole lives .
Doomsday Plus Twelve ( 1984 ) is a post - apocalyptic novel by James D. Forman .
Reportage 57 is an East German film , released in 1959 .
Murder in the Heartland is a television miniseries that aired on ABC in 1993 .
Pujarin is a 1936 Hindi social film .
Hitler 's Madman is a 1943 World War II film about the assassination of Nazi Reinhard Heydrich and the revenge taken by the Germans .
Mr. and Mrs. Ramachari is a 2014 Indian Kannada romance drama film written and directed by Santhosh Ananddaram and produced by the duo Jayanna and Bhogendra under the banner Jayanna Combines .
The Sleeping Sentinel is a 1914 American black - and - white silent film that depicted President Abraham Lincoln pardoning a military sentry who had been sentenced to die for sleeping while on duty .
Dear God No ! is a 2011 US exploitation action film horror film grindhouse film written and directed by James Bickert and starring Jett Bryant .
Alias ' La Gringa ' is a 1991 Peruvian drama film directed by Alberto Durant .
The Power of Few debuted theatrically in the United States on 14 Feb 2013 .
Boys of Abu Ghraib is a 2014 American war film inspired by the events that took place at the Abu Ghraib prison in 2004 .
Orukkam ( ഒരുക്കം preparation ) is a Malayalam thriller movie released in 1990 .
The Smell of Quinces ( Serbian : Miris dunja ) is a 1982 Yugoslav drama film directed by Mirza Idrizović .
War and the Future ( 1917 ) is a work of war propaganda by H.G. Wells that was published in the North America under the title Italy , France , and Britain at War ( the subtitle of the British original ) .
Men Behind the Sun ( Chinese : 黑太阳731 / 黑太陽731 ; pinyin : hēi tài yáng 731 , literally meaning `` Black Sun : 731 '' ) is a 1988 Hong Kong--
Forged Passport is a 1939 American action film directed by John H. Auer and written by Lee Loeb and Franklin Coen .
A Portrait of Giselle is a 1982 documentary film , produced by Joseph Wishy and directed by Muriel Balash .
Comme un coup de tonnerre ( `` Like A Thunderclap '' ) is a French documentary about socialist candidate Lionel Jospin 's campaign of 2002 for president and his subsequent ousting from the second election turn by Jean - Marie Le Pen .
Rocky V is a 1990 American sports drama film .
My Internship in Canada ( French : Guibord s'en va - t - en guerre ) is a Canadian political satire film , slated for release in 2015 .
The Lost Sermon is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood , Harry von Meter , Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Louise Lester .
At Sachem Farm ( also known as Higher Love , Trade Winds and Uncorked ) is a 1998 drama film .
Bride of Frankenstein ( advertised as The Bride of Frankenstein ) is a 1935 American horror film , the first sequel to Universal Pictures ' 1931 hit Frankenstein .
Heneral Luna ( lit . General Luna ) is a 2015 Filipino historical biopic film depicting General Antonio Luna 's leadership of the Philippine Revolutionary Army during the Philippine - American War .
The Girl on the Pier is a 1953 British crime film produced by John Temple - Smith , directed by Lance Comfort and starring Veronica Hurst , Ron Randell , Brian Roper , Campbell Singer and Anthony Valentine .
The Aggressives ( Hangul : 태풍태양 ; RR : Tae - pung tae - yang ) is a 2005 South Korean film about a teen , Soyo , whose parents have abandoned him to fend for himself .
Roman - photos ( Fotonovelas ) is the debut album by French rock musician Alain Bashung , released in 1977 through Barclay Records .
Hammy 's Boomerang Adventure was released with Over the Hedge on October 17 , 2006 , distributed by Paramount Pictures .
Barton Fink is a 1991 American period comedy - drama film written , produced , directed and edited by the Coen brothers .
Rossini 's Ghost is a 1996 Devine Entertainment production for HBO Original Films shot in Istria , Croatia in the small mountain town of Labin .
Sons of Cuba is a 2009 documentary film set in the Havana Boxing Academy , a school at the heart of Cuba 's Olympic success in the ring .
The Battle Wizard is a 1977 Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha 's novel Demi - Gods and Semi - Devils .
Finding Me is a 2009 drama film directed by Roger S. Omeus Jr. The film released on March 3 , 2009 and stars RayMartell Moore as Faybien Allen , a young gay man that must navigate through a series of complex relationships while dealing with everyday struggles .
Arohanam ( meaning , Ascent ) is a Malayalam - language humorous novel written by V. K. N. in 1969 .
Stealth Fighter is an action film released in 1999 .
Latitude 55 ° is a 1982 Canadian drama / adventure film .
Thuli Visham is a 1954 Indian Tamil film , directed by A. S. A. Samy and produced by V. L. Narasu under Narasu Studios banner .
Are You Scared 2 is a 2009 action film directed by John Lands , and released by Louisiana Media Services .
Gharabaher is a Marathi movie released on 27 October 1999 .
Running Turtle ( Hangul : 거북이 달린다 ; RR : Geobuki dalinda ) is a 2009 South Korean film about a countryside detective trying to capture a legendary prison breaker .
Legend of a Fighter is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film based on the story of Chinese martial artist Huo Yuanjia ( Cantonese : Fok Yuen - gap ) .
Raising the Roof is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Michael Forlong and featuring Michael Gould , Patricia Davis , Roy Kinnear , David Lodge and Patricia Hayes .
Vedigundu Murugesan ( English : Bomb Murugesan ) is a Tamil language film released in 2009 .
Nightdreams is 1981 pornographic film with strong horror elements directed by Francis Delia , and written by Jerry Stahl and Stephen Sayadian .
Thanatomorphose is a 2012 Canadian horror film directed by Éric Falardeau and his directorial debut .
Tales from Topographic Oceans was released in the UK on 14 December 1973 during the band 's 1973 - -74 tour of Europe and North America to promote the record .
Van Gulik found his London publisher Michael Joseph unwilling to publish more than one title a year so he decided to publish The Haunted Monastery privately by the Art Printing Works in Kuala Lumpur in 1961 .
Artificially Speaking is a short film , which premiered at Dances with Films 2009 at the Laemmle Sunset 5 , June 6 , 2009 .
Claire of the Moon is a 1992 lesbian - themed rhetoric drama film .
I sette nani alla riscossa , internationally released as The Seven Dwarfs to the Rescue in 1965 , is a 1951 Italian fantasy - comedy film directed by Paolo W. Tamburella .
Khamoshiyan ( English : Silences ) is a 2015 Indian romantic horror film , written by Vikram Bhatt and directed by debutant , Karan Darra .
The Dark Side of Chocolate is a 2010 documentary film about the exploitation and slavetrading of African children to harvest chocolate still occurring nearly ten years after the cocoa industry pledged to end it .
Radioactive Dreams is a 1985 post - apocalyptic science fiction - comedy film .
The Karaoke King is a 2007 comedy film directed by Dan Mackler and JJ Ruscella .
Creed of Gold is a 2014 fictional film about corruption at the Federal Reserve .
Bridge Across Time , also known as Terror at London Bridge is a 1985 made - for - television drama film .
Witches of the Caribbean is a horror movie , released in 2005 , directed by David DeCoteau .
Willy McBean and his Magic Machine ( 1965 ) is a Rankin / Bass full - length stop - motion puppet animation film released in theaters .
Felix the Cat Trifles with Time also referred to as Felix Trifles with Time is a 1925 animated , black and white , silent short film by Pat Sullivan Studios , featuring Felix the Cat .
The Duke Is Tops is a 1938 American musical film released by Million Dollar Productions and directed by William Nolte .
Broken Sun is a 2008 Australian film set in the 1940s about a World War I veteran who meets an escaped Japanese POW .
Druglawed is a 2015 documentary film directed by Arik Reiss concerning cannabis in New Zealand , the ongoing struggle for cannabis law reform in that country and how the United States led War on Drugs has impacted small nations like New Zealand .
Jill of the Jungle is a trilogy of platform computer games released in 1992 by Epic MegaGames .
Grand National Night is a 1953 British thriller brought to the screen by George Minter under the production of Phil C. Samuel from a play by Campbell and Dorothy Christie .
The Woman Inside is a 1981 drama film made by 20th Century Fox , and directed by Joseph Van Winkle who co - wrote screenplay with Steve Fisher ( uncredited ) .
Train Life is a 2006 documentary film about riders on Amtrak 's Capitol Corridor .
Melody Time ( working title All in Fun ) is a 1948 film and the 10th theatrically released animated feature produced by Walt Disney .
Pralayanthaka ( Kannada : ಪ್ರಳಯಾಂತಕ ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada film , directed by B Subba Rao and produced by N Veeraswamy .
On its release in 1990 Railroad Tycoon was hailed by reviewers as one of the best games of the year .
The Fastest Sword ( 天下第一劍 ) is a 1968 Shaw Brothers wu xia film directed and written by Pan Lei and starring Liu Ping as the eponymous `` Fastest Sword '' , a possibly unbeatable sword fighter .
Vimochanam ( English : Salvation ) is a 1939 Indian Tamil film , dealing with the issue of prohibition .
Caillou 's Holiday Movie is a 2003 Canadian direct - to - video animated Christmas film directed by Nick Rijgersberg .
Gun to Tape is a 2012 Kenyan documentary , directed by David Forbes , about Kenyan long distance runners David Rudisha and Edna Kiplagat as they prepare for the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Nights of the Pufflings ( 1995 ) is a children 's book by Bruce McMillan .
The Spiral Bureau is a 1976 Australian TV movie about three psychic researchers .
Jai Kaali is a 1992 Bollywood , horror fantasy thriller film , produced by Satram Rohra on Bhagyalaxmi Chitra Mandir 's banner and directed by Nikhil Saini .
Confessions of a Womanizer ( aka Confessions of a Sex Addict ) is a 2014 comedy drama film directed and written by Miguel Ali and starring Gary Busey , C. Thomas Howell , Andrew Lawrence and Jillian Rose Reed .
The Two Jakes is a 1990 American neo - noir mystery film , and the sequel to the 1974 film Chinatown .
The Zero Theorem premiered at the 70th Venice International Film Festival on 2 September 2013 .
The Raccoons and the Lost Star is a precursor TV Special to the animated series The Raccoons and debuted on December 13 , 1983 .
A Weaver of Dreams is a silent film directed by Edison 's John H. Collins ( 1889 - 1918 ) and released under Metro Films February 18 , 1918 , at the height of Mr. Collins ' career .
Wool 100 % ( Japanese : ウール100 % ) is a 2006 Japanese comedy - fantasy film directed by Mai Tominaga .
Imar the Servitor is a 1914 American silent drama film written by Daniel Carson Goodman .
The Guitar World According to Frank Zappa is a 1987 compilation album featuring guitar solos by Frank Zappa .
Who Will Love My Children ? is a 1983 made for television biographical film based on the life of Lucile Fray .
Buddy Steps Out is an American animated short film , released by Warner Bros. on July 20 , 1935 .
Tenderness Junction is a 1968 studio album by The Fugs , a band formed in 1964 by anti - war musician / poets Ed Sanders , Tuli Kupferberg and Ken Weaver .
My Ancestors Were Rogues and Murderers is a 2005 National Film Board of Canada documentary film by Newfoundland filmmaker Anne Troake , which explores her own family 's ties to the seal hunt and seeks to mount a defense for the now - controversial practice .
Watchers II is the 1990 sequel to the horror film Watchers .
Swapnote , known as Nintendo Letter Box in PAL regions and Itsu no Ma ni Kōkan Nikki ( いつの間に交換日記 ) in Japan , is a messaging application for the Nintendo 3DS family .
Global Policy is a peer - reviewed academic journal based at Durham University focusing on the `` point where ideas and policy meet '' , published in association with Wiley - Blackwell .
Antarctic Science is a bimonthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by Cambridge University Press , focusing on all aspects of scientific research in the Antarctic .
As of 2013 , Biotechnology and Applied Biochemistry is published by Wiley - Blackwell , on behalf of the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology .
Molbank is a peer - reviewed , open access , scientific journal covering synthetic chemistry and natural product chemistry , established in 1997 and is published by MDPI .
GAZ2 The Emirates of Ylaruam was written by Ken Rolston , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 64-page booklet with a large color map and an outer folder .
The Saint on the Spanish Main is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris , first published in 1955 by The Crime Club in the United States and Hodder and Stoughton in the United Kingdom .
Bamboo Among the Oaks is the first Hmong American anthology of creative writing , published in 2002 by the Minnesota Historical Society Press .
Deleuze Studies is a quarterly academic journal published by Edinburgh University Press with the support of the Centre for Critical and Cultural Theory at Cardiff University .
Doubleday published The End of the Road in 1958 ; it received only marginally more attention than The Floating Opera .
The Actes and Monuments , popularly known as Foxe 's Book of Martyrs , is a work of Protestant history and martyrology by John Foxe , first published in English in 1563 by John Day .
MLB Front Office Manager is a Major League Baseball - licensed sports management game developed by Blue Castle Games and published by 2 K Sports for Microsoft Windows , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
The Fox in the Attic was originally published in 1961 by Chatto & Windus :
The Journal of Communication Management is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal covering public relations and published by Emerald Group Publishing .
Arcus Odyssey is an action role - playing game video game developed by Wolf Team and released by Renovation Products in 1991 for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis and Sharp X68000 and in 1993 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System .
Current Anthropology is a peer - reviewed anthropology academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press and sponsored by the Wenner - Gren Foundation for Anthropological Research .
Flora Neotropica is a series of monographs published by the New York Botanical Garden Press , and is the official publication of the Organization for Flora Neotropica .
The Philosophical Forum is a philosophy journal published by Wiley - Blackwell .
The Autobiography of a Yogi was first printed in December 1946 by Philosophical Library who printed it until 1953 .
Just Dance 2015 is dance video game developed by Ubisoft Paris and Ubisoft Milan and published by Ubisoft .
Luftwaffe Commander is a Microsoft Windows - based World War 2 theme combat flight simulation created by Strategic Simulations , Inc. and released in 1999 but copyrighted in 1998 .
Burger 's Daughter is a political and historical novel by the South African Nobel Prize in Literature - winner Nadine Gordimer , first published in the United Kingdom in June 1979 by Jonathan Cape .
All Star Tennis ' 99 is a simulation tennis game for the Nintendo 64 , PlayStation , and Game Boy Color released in 1999 , that was developed by Smart Dog and published by Ubisoft .
Flipnote Studio , originally released in Japan as Moving Notepad ( うごくメモ帳 Ugoku Memochō ) , is a free downloadable application for the Nintendo DSi 's DSiWare digital distribution service .
As of July 31 , 2010 , the Project Torque service , hosted by Aeria Games Entertainment , is no longer in service .
The First Global Revolution is a book written by Alexander King and Bertrand Schneider , and published by Pantheon Books in 1991 .
Adventures of Tron is an action game produced by Mattel , and was released for the Atari 2600 in 1982 .
On March 8 , 2009 , control of the game was passed from OGPlanet to SG Interactive ( then Ntreev USA ) , which closed the game for a month for technical upgrades and re - released the game as PangYa a month later .
The Land of Green Plums ( German : Herztier ) is a novel by Herta Müller , published in 1994 by Rowohlt Verlag .
Science - Fiction Adventures in Dimension is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Groff Conklin , first published by Vanguard Press in hardcover in 1953 .
Porsche Challenge is a racing video game developed by SCEE Internal Development Team and published by Sony Computer Entertainment released exclusively for the PlayStation .
Balloon Kid is a flying platform game developed by Pax Softnica and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy on October 5 , 1990 in North America and on January 31 , 1991 in Europe .
Fantastic Dizzy ( The Fantastic Adventures of Dizzy outside Europe & Australia ) is a 1991 video game developed by Codemasters .
The Entomologist 's Record and Journal of Variation became a publication of the Amateur Entomologists ' Society in January 2009 .
Le Chasseur Zéro , Éditions Albin Michel , Paris , 1996
Polarium Advance ( Tsuukin Hito - fude ( 通勤ヒトフデ ) in Japan ) is the sequel to the Nintendo DS puzzle game Polarium .
Bases Loaded 3 ( known in Japan as Moero 8 ! ! : Moe Pro ! Yakyuu ' 90 Kandouhen ) is a baseball video game released in 1991 by Jaleco for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Ruby Holler ( 2002 ) is a low fantasy novel for children by the American writer Sharon Creech , published by HarperCollins in 2002 .
Egypte Kids is an educational video game , released in 2001 for Windows - based PCs . It was developed by EMG and published by Cryo Interactive .
Transactions of the Philological Society is a linguistics journal published three times a year by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Philological Society .
The Halo Graphic Novel is the first graphic novel adaptation of the military science fiction video game Halo , published by Marvel Comics in partnership with Bungie .
Aunt Jane 's Nieces is the title of a juvenile novel published by Reilly & Britton in 1906 , and written by L. Frank Baum under the pen name `` Edith Van Dyne . ''
The Canadian Journal of Administrative Law and Practice is a law journal published three times a year by Carswell on behalf of the Council of Canadian Administrative Tribunals .
The Scarecrows is a young - adult novel by Robert Westall , published by Chatto & Windus in 1981 .
Double Sin and Other Stories is a short story collection written by Agatha Christie and first published in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in 1961 and retailed for $ 3.50 .
To the Earth is a light gun shooter for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Physical & Occupational Therapy in Pediatrics is published by Informa Pharmaceutical Science , a division of Informa plc . The journal is edited by Robert J. Palisano , Drexel University , USA and Annette Majnemer , McGill University , Canada .
Information Processing Letters is a peer reviewed scientific journal in the field of computer science , published by Elsevier .
Pure Football ( also known as Pure Futbol in North America ) is a football video game developed by Ubisoft Vancouver and published by Ubisoft .
X - Perts is a side - scrolling fighting action video game produced by Sega of America and released only in North America for the Sega Genesis in 1996 .
Ultimate Iron Man is the name of two comic book miniseries written by Orson Scott Card and published by Marvel Comics .
The American Journal of Business is a biannual peer - reviewed academic journal of business studies that is published by Emerald Group Publishing .
The Tyndale Bulletin is an academic journal published by Tyndale House in Cambridge , England .
NHL ' 94 is an ice hockey game by EA Sports for the Sega Mega Drive / Genesis , Super Nintendo and Sega CD , as well as the first release for the PC ( DOS ) , simply titled `` NHL Hockey '' , without the `` 94 '' in the title .
The Mariner 's Mirror is the quarterly academic journal of the Society for Nautical Research in the United Kingdom .
Economica is a peer - reviewed academic journal of generalist economics published on behalf of the London School of Economics by Wiley - Blackwell .
Established in 1931 , the Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences ( Vestnik Rossiiskoi Akademii Nauk ) is a monthly peer - reviewed academic journal published by MAIK Nauka / Interperiodica and Springer Science+Business Media .
Caverns of Mars is a computer game for the Atari 8-bit computers , programmed by Greg Christensen and published by Atari Program Exchange ( APX ) in 1981 .
The American Journal of Mathematics is a bimonthly mathematics journal published by the Johns Hopkins University Press .
Empress Orchid , Bloomsbury Publishing Incorporated , 2004 , ISBN 9780747566984 Empress Orchid .
Automation and Remote Control ( Russian : Автоматика и Телемеханика , Avtomatika i telemekhanika ) is a Russian scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka / Interperiodica Press and distributed in English by Springer Science+Business Media .
AIKA Online is a free - to - play MMORPG published by two publishers , HanbitSoft and Gala Inc.
The professional journal American Antiquity is published by the Society for American Archaeology , the largest organization of professional archaeologists of the Americas in the world .
Temple Law Review ( Bluebook abbreviation : Temp . L. Rev. ) is a student - edited law review , sponsored by the Temple University Beasley School of Law .
Fort Apocalypse is a 1982 game for the Atari 8-bit series created by Steve Hales and published by Synapse Software .
Rivers of Time is a 1993 collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp , first published in paperback by Baen Books .
AC11 The Book of Wondrous Inventions was compiled by Bruce A. Heard , with art by Jim Holloway , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 96-page book .
Clinical Infectious Diseases is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by Oxford University Press covering research on the pathogenesis , clinical investigation , medical microbiology , diagnosis , immune mechanisms , and treatment of diseases caused by infectious agents .
In early 2006 , D3 Publisher announced that it would be releasing a localized version of the game in North America under the name `` Break ' Em All '' .
The Best of L. Sprague de Camp is a collection of writings by science fiction and fantasy author L. Sprague de Camp , first published in hardback by Nelson Doubleday in February 1978 and in paperback by Ballantine Books in May of the same year .
The Influence is a studio album by American jazz guitarist Jimmy Raney , released in 1975 for Xanadu Records .
Released in 2001 on Deep Shag Records , Lunch with the Devil includes the songs `` Poodlecide '' , a tribute to 1980s metal icon Ronnie James Dio ( `` Dio Rocks ! '' ) , and a twisted ballad of unbidden lust ( `` The Thighs of Tammy Faye '' ) .
Love vs. Money is the second studio album by American recording artist The - Dream , released on March 10 , 2009 , by Radio Killa and Def Jam Recordings .
`` I 'm a Cuckoo '' was Belle & Sebastian 's second single from Dear Catastrophe Waitress , released on Rough Trade Records in 2004 .
Oh , by the Way is a compilation boxed set by Pink Floyd released on 10 December 2007 , by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and the following day in the United States through Capitol Records .
Rare Flight is a double compilation released in 1988 on Pair Records during the 40th anniversary of Atlantic Records .
`` See the Star '' is the first UK single and second US radio single from Delirious ? 's second album , Mezzamorphis .
Rising Down is the eighth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots , released April 28 , 2008 on Def Jam Recordings .
Think Ethnic ! was the third comedy album of the Smothers Brothers , released February 15 , 1963 on Mercury Records .
Where There 's Smoke ... is a 1979 album by Smokey Robinson , released on Motown Records ' Tamla label .
Easy Years ( Italian : Anni facili ) is a 1953 drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Nino Taranto .
Queen of Montreuil is a 2012 French comedy - drama film directed by Sólveig Anspach and starring Florence Loiret - Caille .
A Joke of Destiny ( Italian : Scherzo del destino in agguato dietro l'angolo come un brigante da strada ) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Lina Wertmüller .
Lightning Over Water is a 1980 documentary film by Wim Wenders and Nicholas Ray about the last days of Ray 's own life ; the director was most famous for his 1955 film Rebel Without a Cause .
Sartana in the Valley of Death ( Italian : Sartana nella valle degli avvoltoi , also known as Ballad of Death Valley ) is a 1970 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Roberto Mauri and starring William Berger .
Cafe Moscow ( Hungarian : Café Moszkva ) is a 1936 Hungarian adventure film directed by Steve Sekely and starring Anna Tõkés , Gyula Csortos and Ferenc Kiss .
No Sun in Venice ( French : Sait - on jamais ... ) is a 1957 French - Italian drama film directed by Roger Vadim .
Silver Linings Playbook is a 2012 American romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by David O. Russell , adapted from the novel The Silver Linings Playbook by Matthew Quick .
Book of Blood is a 2009 British mystery - drama - horror film directed by John Harrison and starring Jonas Armstrong , Sophie Ward , and Doug Bradley .
Goodfellas ( or GoodFellas ) is a 1990 American crime film directed by Martin Scorsese .
`` Image in the Sand '' is the 151st episode of the television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the opening episode for the series ' seventh and final season .
`` Hell Comes to Quahog '' is the third episode of the fifth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , an episode produced for Season 4 .
Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys ( 1993 ) is the third book in the Dangerous Angels series by Francesca Lia Block .
Sonic Extreme is a cancelled skateboarding video game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series for the original Xbox system .
Vespers Rising is a part of The 39 Clues franchise , which includes the 39 Clues books , card packs , and interactive online games .
`` Breast Cancer Show Ever '' is the ninth episode in the twelfth season of the American animated television series South Park .
This Town Will Never Let Us Go is an original novel by Lawrence Miles set in the Faction Paradox universe .
`` To the Lost '' is the twelfth episode of the second season of HBO television series Boardwalk Empire and the season finale , which premiered on HBO December 11 , 2011 .
Murder in E Minor is a 1986 Nero Wolfe novel written by Robert Goldsborough .
`` TS-19 '' is the sixth episode and season finale of the first season of the post - apocalyptic horror television series , The Walking Dead .
Geng Lijuan ( Chinese : 耿丽娟 ; born 1963 ) is a female Chinese - Canadian table tennis player .
Aurélie Revillet ( born February 13 , 1986 in Moûtiers ) is a French female skier and soldier .
Şerif Turgut is a Turkish female journalist and the first woman war correspondent of Turkey , best known for her coverage during the Bosnian War .
Blanche Lamontagne - Beauregard ( January 13 , 1889 -- May 25 , 1958 ) was a Canadian poet , and the first published female poet of the Québec region of Canada .
Stephanie Eggink ( born July 12 , 1988 ) is an American mixed martial artist , who currently competes in the Strawweight division of the all - female promotion Invicta FC .
Simone Kuhn ( born 2 September 1980 in Wattwil ) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Switzerland , who represented her native country at the beach volleyball tournaments of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London .
Murrough was made both Earl of Thomond in the Peerage of Ireland , with remainder to his nephew Donough O'Brien and Baron Inchiquin , with remainder to his male heirs .
Zsuzsanna Csobánki ( born 28 March 1983 in Budapest ) is a female Hungarian swimmer , who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Sandon Stolle ( born 13 July 1970 ) is a former professional male tennis player and at one time ranked No . 2 in World doubles .
Yoshiko Fujinaga ( born August 15 , 1981 in Saza , Nagasaki , Japan ) is a female long - distance runner from Japan , who won the 2009 edition of the annual Nagoya Marathon on March 1 , 2009 , clocking a total time of 2:28:13 .
Frédéric Kuhn ( born July 10 , 1968 in Gennevilliers , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a retired male hammer thrower from France , who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Liang Lei ( born 1982 - 04 - 03 in Shanxi ) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Anita Conti ( née Caracotchian ) ( 17 May 1899 -- 25 December 1997 ) was a French explorer and photographer , and the first French female oceanographer .
Ruth Atkinson Ford née Ruth Atkinson and a.k.a . R. Atkinson ( June 2 , 1918 -- June 1 , 1997 ) was an American cartoonist and pioneering female comic book writer - artist who created the long - running Marvel Comics character Millie the Model and co - created Patsy Walker .
Margaret Beavan ( 1877 - 1931 ) was an English politician who was the first female Lord Mayor of Liverpool in 1929 .
Carole Smitherman was Birmingham 's first African - American female mayor .
Toni Aubin ( née Maria Antoinette Rubio ; 22 September 1927 Antioch , California -- 10 February 1990 San Joaquin ) was an American female jazz vocalist .
Amália Sterbinszky ( born September 29 , 1950 in Hajdúszoboszló ) is a former Hungarian handball player who was voted the best female handballer of the twentieth century in Hungary .
Alexandru Bratan ( born August 23 , 1977 in Cahul ) is a male weightlifter from Moldova .
Margrethe Mather ( 4 March 1886 -- 25 December 1952 ) was one of the best known female photographers of the early 20th century .
Nuria Domínguez Asensio ( born January 30 , 1974 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a female competition rower from Spain , who was born in Canada .
Jean Sablon became one of the most widely acclaimed male French singers , considered second only in overall lifetime popularity to Maurice Chevalier .
Naroa Agirre Kamio ( born 15 May 1979 in San Sebastián ) is a female pole vaulter from Spain .
Beate Bühler ( born April 8 , 1964 in Stuttgart , Baden - Württemberg ) is a retired female volleyball player from Germany , who competed for West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , United States .
Andrea Evangelina Rodríguez Perozo ( 1879 - -1947 ) was the first female medical school graduate in the Dominican Republic .
Danielle Hennig ( born December 23 , 1990 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a female field hockey player , who played for the Canada national field hockey team as a defender at the 2011 Pan American Games , 2013 Women 's Pan American Cup , and 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Lopamudra ( Sanskrit : लोपामुद्रा ) also known as Kaushitaki and Varaprada was a female philosopher according to ancient Vedic Indian literature .
Kati Roloff was the first female vocalist of Blutengel together with Nina Bendigkeit ( who left the band circa 2000 and was replaced by Gini ) .
Frida Tegstedt ( born 17 July 1987 ) is a Swedish female handballer who plays as a pivot for Füchse Berlin and the Swedish national team .
Belle Kogan ( 1902 - -2000 ) was a Russian born industrial designer and is regarded as the first prominent female in the profession in the United States as well as one of the founders of the profession itself .
Suzan Kahramaner ( May 21 , 1913 Istanbul , Turkey -- February 22 , 2006 ) was one of the first female mathematicians in Turkish academia .
Bettye Washington Greene ( March 20 , 1935 -- June 16 , 1995 ) was the first African American female Ph.D. chemist to work in a professional position at the Dow Chemical Company .
Zhao Yinghui ( simplified Chinese : 赵颖慧 ; traditional Chinese : 趙穎慧 ; pinyin : Zhào Yǐnghuì ; born October 20 , 1981 in Shijiazhuang , Hebei ) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in 10 metre air rifle at the 2000 Summer Olympics , the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Yang Shin - young ( born 8 November 1990 ) is a female South Korean short - track and long - track speed skater .
Michael Leonard ( born 20 February 1974 in Knutsford ) is a male field hockey defender from Scotland , who earned his first cap for the Men 's National Team in 1996 .
Ronnie Ray ( born January 2 , 1954 ) is an American retired male track and field athlete , who competed in the sprints events during his career .
Fanny Jensen ( 1890 - -1969 ) was a Danish minister without portfolio and the first female holder of a political office in Denmark .
Nélson Vargas de Jesús ( born September 27 , 1973 ) is a retired male road racing cyclist from Colombia .
By this time latex was more acceptable and prompted no complaints when the story was picked up by the Telegraph : `` THE LATEX NEWS Twenty - five years after she pioneered the idea , Kim West is launching a new collection of latex clothing for the discerning female .
Tao Jiaying ( Chinese : 陶嘉莹 , born 15 April 1993 ) is a Chinese female short track speed skater .
Taking decisive action , Grand Empress Dowager Wang seized power back from Emperor Ai 's male favorite and likely lover Dong Xian ( who was the commander of the armed forces by this point ) and summoned Wang Mang back to the imperial government .
Marnie Baizley ( born July 24 , 1975 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a professional female squash player who represented Canada during her career .
Emily Wilder Leavitt ( 1836 - -1921 ) of Boston , Massachusetts , who doubled as an historian and professional genealogist , was one of the first female members of the New England Historic Genealogical Society .
Kim Dong - moon ( Hangul : 김동문 , Hanja : 金東文 ) ( born 22 September 1975 in Gokseong , Jeollanam - do ) is a retired male badminton player from South Korea who won major titles between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s ( decade ) .
Fabricio Nieva ( born July 30 , 1974 ) is a retired male lightweight boxer from Argentina , who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Orlando Bianchini ( born 4 June 1955 in Guidonia , Roma ) is a retired male hammer thrower from Italy , that won a medal at the Mediterranean Games ( 1983 ) .
Ivana Brkljačić ( born 25 January 1983 in Villingen - Schwenningen , West Germany ) is a former female hammer thrower from Croatia .
Arunima Sinha ( born 1988 ) is the first female amputee to climb Mount Everest .
Liu Huana ( simplified Chinese : 刘华娜 ; traditional Chinese : 劉華娜 ; pinyin : Liú Huánà ; born May 17 , 1981 in Shandong ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Teseo Taddia ( born April 20 , 1920 -- 1983 ) was a male hammer thrower from Italy .
Filiz Dinçmen ( born July 24 , 1939 in Zonguldak , Turkey ) is a former Turkish diplomat , who became the first female Turkish ambassador to a foreign country .
Helen Harrison - Bristol ( December 7 , 1909 -- April 27 , 1995 ) was a pioneering Canadian female civil aviation instructor and the first Canadian Air Transport Auxiliary ferry pilot during Second World War .
Zhang Ouying ( simplified Chinese : 张欧影 ; traditional Chinese : 張歐影 ; pinyin : Zhāng Ōuyǐng ; born November 2 , 1975 in Zhangjiakou , Hebei ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Dallas Malloy ( born December 25 , 1976 ) is a former female boxer , actress and bodybuilder from Seattle , Washington , United States .
Svitlana Serbina ( born May 2 , 1980 ) is a female diver from Ukraine , who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics : 1996 and 2000 .
Yang Mingxia ( born January 13 , 1990 in Danfeng County , Shangluo , Shaanxi ) is a female Chinese race walker .
Inge van Caspel ( born 14 July 1991 ) is a female Dutch compound archer .
Yvonne Tracy ( born 27 February 1981 ) is an Irish female international football defender .
Valentyna Savchuk ( Ukrainian : Валентина Савчук ; born January 19 , 1975 ) is a female race walker from Ukraine .
Lee Eun - jung ( born April 21 , 1981 ) is a female long - distance runner from South Korea , who is best known for winning the half marathon at the 2005 Summer Universiade .
Tracey Gaudry née Watson ( born 17 June 1969 ) is an Australian female cycle racer who started riding seriously early in 1992 with support from the Victorian Institute of Sport 's ( V.I.S. ) cycling coach , Donna Rae - Szalenski from Geelong , and the Geelong West Cycling Club .
Carolyn Griffey is an American female soul vocalist , and member of the soul funk group Shalamar .
Florence Senanayake was the first female Member of Parliament ( MP , 1947 ) in Sri Lanka ( formerly Ceylon ) .
Benjaminas Viluckis ( born March 20 , 1961 ) is a retired male hammer thrower from Lithuania , who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Hélène Schleck ( born 13 May 1986 ) is a French female former volleyball player , playing as a outside hitter .
Octahvia , ( sometimes credited as Octavia or Octah'via ) is a female singer from New York City .
Lin Meng ( Chinese : 林孟 , born on July 7 , 1993 in Jiamusi , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female short track speed skater .
Jennifer Sharp ( born February 24 , 1974 ) is a female beach volleyball player from the United States who participated at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Cayman Islands playing with Jennifer Lombardi .
Stina Gardell ( born 28 March 1990 ) is a Swedish female Olympic medley swimmer .
Mary Ann Bugg ( 7 May 1834 -- 22 April 1905 ) was one of two notable female bushrangers in mid 19th century Australia .
Nur Indah Cintra Sukma Munsyi ( born September 23 , 1957 in Banyuwangi , Indonesia ) , commonly known as Emilia Contessa is a former Indonesian female pop singer and actress .
Julien Prosser ( born 11 June 1972 in Bunbury , Western Australia ) is a male beach volleyball player who represented Australia in three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 .
Karin Forseke was one of very few female CEOs in companies listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange .
Madelon Baans ( born October 8 , 1977 in Rotterdam ) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from the Netherlands , who competed for her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 in Atlanta , Georgia .
Wilgefortis is a female saint of popular religious imagination whose legend arose in the 14th century , and whose distinguishing feature is a large beard .
Diana La Cazadora ( born January 16 , 1978 in Madero , Tamaulipas ) is a Mexican female wrestler living in Monterrey Nuevo León .
Han Danni ( simplified Chinese : 韩丹妮 ; traditional Chinese : 韓丹妮 ; pinyin : Hán Dānnī ; born 9 January 1991 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey player .
Allen Allen ( born 24 May 1967 in Samoa ) is a former American male volleyball player .
Essays on Canadian Crime Fiction , Television , and Film highlights North 's importance to the genre of Crime fiction in Canada : `` One of the more welcome aspects of the proliferation of crime writing during the last generation is the exponential increase in female detectives by female writers '' including Suzanne North .
Yang Ha - eun ( born 25 February 1994 ) is a South Korean female table tennis player .
Jamie Subandhi is a female American badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series .
To the surprise of many Mexicans , who had supposed the killer to be male , the suspect detained was Juana Barraza , 48 , a female wrestler known professionally as The Silent Lady .
Cao Yifei ( born May 20 , 1988 in Jiaozuo , Henan ) is a male Chinese sports shooter , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Fung Permadi ( simplified Chinese : 陈锋 ; traditional Chinese : 陳鋒 ; pinyin : Chén Fēng ; born December 30 , 1967 in Purwokerto , Indonesia ) is a former male Chinese Indonesian badminton player .
Trần Lê Quốc Toàn ( born 1989 ; living in Da Nang ) is a male Vietnamese weightlifter who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the -56 kg class .
Akram Monfared Arya is the first female aircraft pilot of Iran .
Marc López Tarrés ( Catalan : ( ˈmark ˈɫopes təˈres ) , Spanish : ( ˈmark ˈlopeθ taˈres ) ; born 31 July 1982 ) is a professional male tennis player from Spain , who started playing tennis at the age of 8 years old and became professional in 1999 .
Lee Jeong - eun ( Hangul : 이정은 ; born 13 September 1994 ) is a female racewalker from South Korea .
Lukáš Melich ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlukaːʃ ˈmɛlɪx ) ; born 16 September 1980 in Jilemnice ) is a male hammer thrower from the Czech Republic .
Most notably was the character of `` Filmstar Randal Malone '' - a male version of Sunset Boulevard protagonist Norma Desmond .
Munira al - Qubaysi ( also spelt Qubeysi ; born 1933 in Damascus ) is the founder of Al - qubaysiat , a female only Sufi movement that originated in Syria .
Hoskins used the name and costume of `` Bucky '' until he realized the racist connotations of the alias when applied to him ( prior to the American Civil War , a male slave was often referred to as a `` buck '' ) .
Odelmys Palma López ( Spanish pronunciation : ( oˈðelmis ˈpalma ) ; born 18 December 1971 in Havana , Ciudad de la Habana ) is a retired female javelin thrower from Cuba .
Marja Pärssinen ( born March 13 , 1971 in Jyväskylä , Finland ) is a retired female butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Finland .
Margo Oberg ( born Margo Godfrey , September 8 , 1953 in Pennsylvania ) was the first female professional surfer in the world .
Diego Fortuna ( born February 14 , 1968 in Vicenza ) is a retired male discus thrower from Italy .
Evgeny Aydamirov ( Russian : Евгений Айдамиров ; born 11 May 1987 in Leningrad ) is a male hammer thrower from Russia .
Harriet Hemings was the only female slave he `` freed '' in his lifetime .
In 1970 , Dorothy Ellicott was appointed first female Justice of Peace of Gibraltar .
Lucy Everest Boole FRSC ( 5 August 1862 -- 5 December 1904 ) was a British chemist and pharmacist and the first female professor at the London School of Medicine for Women in the Royal Free Hospital .
Mia Cox is a female singer / songwriter from Newark , New Jersey .
Dana Wynter ( as she called herself , pronounced as Donna ) later enrolled at South Africa 's Rhodes University ( the only female student in a class of 150 ) and dabbled in theatre , playing the blind girl in a school production of Through a Glass Darkly , in which she claimed to be `` terrible '' .
Ionica Munteanu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is a Romanian female handballer who plays for HCM Baia Mare and the Romanian national team .
Melinda Szik ( born December 5 , 1974 in Budapest ) is a retired female weightlifter from Hungary .
His alter ego of Begum Nawazish Ali has now become his primary persona as he rarely appears as the male Ali Saleem .
Jetsunma Chime Tenpai Nyima ( born 1756 ) was a Tibetan Buddhist master , the only female master of the Sakya Vajrayoginī lineage .
Tina Aeberli is the most successful female footbag player so far .
Gabino Apolonio ( born August 29 , 1971 ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Mexico .
James Lafazanos ( born August 9 , 1976 ) is a Canadian actor most noted for playing the lead male Wraith character in Stargate Atlantis seasons 1 - 2 .
Trịnh Công Luận ( 6 January 1972 ) is a Vietnamese male paralympic discus thrower .
Diego Confalonieri ( born 11 April 1979 ) is a male Italian fencer .
Ouyang Kunpeng ( simplified Chinese : 欧阳鲲鹏 ; traditional Chinese : 歐陽鯤鵬 ; pinyin : Ōuyáng Kūnpéng ; born November 19 , 1982 in Jiangxi ) is a Chinese swimmer and China 's top male backstroker , holding the Chinese record in the long course and short course 50 m , 100 m , and 200 m backstroke .
Ho Yen Mei ( born 29 April 1996 ) is a female Malaysian badminton player who competes in the singles category .
Maria Radu ( born May 25 , 1959 ) is a retired female middle and long - distance runner from Romania , who is best known for winning the women 's 3000 metres at the 1983 Summer Universiade .
Shane Jolley is a Canadian politician , previously the male deputy leader for the Green Party of Ontario .
Furkan Asena Aydın ( born February 12 , 1992 ) is a Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the middleweight division .
Louise Baxter ( née Munn , born 30 September 1983 ) is a female field hockey defender from Scotland , who also plays on midfield .
Jan - Eric Antonsson ( born 9 September 1961 ) is a retired male badminton player from Sweden .
Harry Warner claimed he was concerned that Lita would be raised as Catholic instead of Jewish ( according to Basquette , she and Sam Warner agreed to raise any female children they had as Catholic and any male children as Jewish ) .
Athina Douka ( Greek : Αθηνα Δουκα ; born 18 November 1976 in Eleusis ) is a Greek female sport shooter .
Alice Teichova became the first female professor at the University of East Anglia .
Colleen Fahey is a former female American rugby union player .
Valentina Borrelli ( born October 30 , 1978 in Milan ) is a female volleyball player , who claimed the gold medal with the Women 's National Team at the 2002 World Championship in Germany .
Soňa Nováková - Dosoudilová ( born October 6 , 1975 in Olomouc ) is a female beach volleyball player from the Czech Republic .
Victoria Palacios Carillo ( born March 29 , 1977 in Hueyotlipan , Tlaxcala ) is a retired female race walker from Mexico .
Yang Yanqin ( simplified Chinese : 杨彦芹 ; traditional Chinese : 楊彥芹 ; pinyin : Yáng Yànqín ; born August 28 , 1966 ) is a former female shot put athlete from China .
The video game version of Mona Sax was critically acclaimed for being one of `` relatively complex , non - stereotypical female game characters '' .
Diana Dennis is a former professional female bodybuilder from the United States .
Mercedes Calderón Martínez ( born 1 September 1965 ) is a former female volleyball player from Cuba , who was a member of the Women 's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Dax McGill is a current female professional surfer from the Hawaiian island of Qahu .
Katalin Divós ( born 11 May 1974 in Szombathely ) is a female hammer thrower from Hungary .
Wangechi born as Wangechi Waweru is a female rapper based in Nairobi , Kenya on January 1994 , her passion for music began as a teenager .
Lindow Woman , also known as Lindow I , is the name given to the partial remains of a female bog body , discovered in a peat bog at Lindow Moss , near Wilmslow , northwest England , on 13 May 1983 by commercial peat - cutters .
Nannie Kelly Wright , born Nannie Scott Honshell ( September 8 , 1856 - December 12 , 1946 ) was the only known American female ironmaster .
Sergey Ushkalov ( Kazakh : Сергей Ушкалов ; born February 2 , 1972 ) is a retired male freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Kazakhstan .
Akkarin Kitwijarn ( Thai : อัครินทร์ กิจวิจารณ์ ; born 8 July 1995 ) is a male Thai taekwondo practitioner who was the silver medalist at the 2014 Asian Games in the under 49 kg class .
Susan McKelvie ( born 15 June 1985 ) is a female hammer thrower from Edinburgh , Scotland .
Nagehan Malkoç , née Gül , ( May 14 , 1985 ) is a Turkish female boxer competing in the featherweight division .
An Zhongxin ( Chinese : 安仲欣 ; pinyin : Ān Zhòngxīn ; born June 29 , 1971 in Tianjin ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Inna Yevseyeva ( Russian : Инна Евсеева ; born August 14 , 1964 ) is a retired female middle distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres .
Yarisley Collado Lufriu ( also Yanisley ; born 30 April 1985 ; other sources state 5 May 1985 ) is a female discus thrower from Cuba .
Pang Fengyue ( simplified Chinese : 庞丰月 ; traditional Chinese : 龐豐月 ; pinyin : Páng Fēngyuè ; born 19 January 1989 ) is a female Chinese footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Araksia Gyulzadyan ( Armenian : Արաքսյա Գյուլզադյան , June 5 , 1907 , Alexandropol -- October 7 , 1980 , Yerevan ) was a canonical female performer of Armenian folk songs .
Despite their age difference , Ninel Kurgapkina was the first female ballet partner to Rudolf Nureyev , and later Mikhail Baryshnikov , both of whom were trained at the Kirov .
Çiğdem Dede ( born February 27 , 1980 in Gaziantep , Turkey ) is a Turkish female powerlifter competing in the -44 kg division .
Sally Patience played a major role in the movie by contributing to its script and by providing the bulk of the female voices for the film .
Around this time , H.D. started a relationship with a young female art student at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts , Frances Josepha Gregg .
The T - X model is a gynoid assassin with a human - female appearance .
Gao Lihua ( simplified Chinese : 高丽华 ; traditional Chinese : 高麗華 ; pinyin : Gāo Lìhuá ; born October 31 , 1979 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics , and won a silver medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Anita Schätzle ( born on September 22 , 1981 in Haslach i m Kinzigtal ) is a German female freestyle wrestler .
Ching Shih 's code had special rules for female captives .
But it was much more of a case where people were positive about Hit - Girl even saying she was empowering female character . ''
Han Sang - hoon is a male badminton player from South Korea .
Anil Kaul ( born December 25 , 1964 in Amritsar , India ) is a retired male badminton player from Canada , who won the gold medal in the inaugural men 's doubles competition at the 1995 Pan American Games .
Jutta Gebert ( April 29 , 1968 - May 25 , 2002 ) was an Austrian female rally co - driver who served as Beppo Harrach 's co - driver and competed in three rounds of the World Rally Championship in 2002 .
Meryem Erdoğan ( formerly Mariam Tanga or Mariam Hana Dingo , born April 24 , 1990 ) is an Ethiopian - born Turkish female long - distance runner .
Shi Yao ( simplified Chinese : 石瑶 ; traditional Chinese : 石瑤 ; pinyin : Shí Yáo ; born 13 January 1987 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey goaltender .
William Rafter ( born 2 June 1977 ) is a reitred American male volleyball player .
Renzo Cramerotti ( born 9 December 1947 ) is a retired male javelin thrower from Italy who won two medals at the Mediterranean Games .
Carol Rama ( born Olga Carolina Rama ; 17 April 1918 -- 25 September 2015 ) was an Italian self - taught artist whose unconventional painting encompassed an erotic , and often sexually aggressive universe populated by characters who present themes of sexual identity with specific references to female sensuality .
Sandra Kviat became the first female rabbi from Denmark in 2011 ; she was ordained in England at Leo Baeck College .
Lika MC ( also called Lika Star ) ( born September 3 , 1972 ) is a Russian female techno / rap singer and a DJ . Born Lika Pavlova in Lithuania , she started working as a DJ at the age of 15 , using the stage name Lika MC .
Jan Pusty ( born June 3 , 1952 in Koło ) is a retired male hurdler from Poland .
Rita Chikwelu ( born 6 March 1988 ) is a Nigerian female professional football player who plays for Swedish Damallsvenskan club Umeå IK .
In the 2003 Doctor Who Unbound play Exile , an alternative Doctor , whose latest regeneration was female ( played by Arabella Weir ) , settles on Earth in 2003 using the identity and 1963 school records of Susan Foreman .
Emy Jackson ( エミー・ジャクソン , born Emy Eaton , July 2 , 1945 ) is a Japanese female singer .
Zach McKelvie ( born February 22 , 1985 ) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently an Assistant Coach of the Army Black Knights .
The 2010 Six Nations Championship , known as the 2010 RBS 6 Nations due to the tournament 's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland , was the 11th series of the Six Nations Championship , an annual rugby union competition between the six major Northern Hemisphere rugby union national teams .
Luke Saville ( born 1 February 1994 ) is an Australian professional tennis player who as of 23 February 2015 is ranked World No . 157 by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) being his career highest singles ranking .
Tatyana Grebenchuk ( Belarusian : Тацяна Грабянчук ; born 22 November 1962 ) is a Belarusian former Soviet track and field athlete who specialised in the 800 metres .
Aaron Brand ( born June 14 , 1975 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey center .
The ITTF World Tour Grand Finals , formerly named ITTF Pro Tour Grand Finals , is an annual table tennis tournament sanctioned by International Table Tennis Federation ( ITTF ) at the end of the year .
George Meyrick ( born March 26 , 1988 ) is a professional English polo player with a six - goal UK and Argentinian handicap .
Bulgarian Footballer of the Year ( Bulgarian : Футболист № 1 на България , Futbolist № 1 na Balgariya ) is an annual title awarded to the best Bulgarian association football player of the year .
Valley District Cricket Club is a cricket club playing in the my Foot Dr premiership , the leading club cricket competition in Queensland , Australia .
Simon Mangos ( born February 15 , 1980 in Brampton , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player , currently playing for the Bossier - Shreveport Mudbugs .
James Horwill ( born 29 May 1985 ) is an Australian rugby union player , a national and provincial representative Lock forward .
The Trans - Tasman Cup was an association football competition played between Australia and New Zealand .
The Tacoma Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in 1948 and won by Ed `` Porky '' Oliver in a one - hole playoff with Cary Middlecoff after the two had survived a five - man , 18-hole playoff -- the first in tour history .
Pablo Laso Biurrún ( born October 13 , 1967 ) is a Spanish head coach of the Real Madrid basketball team and former professional player .
Andreas Dückstein ( born 2 August 1927 , Budapest ) an Austrian chess master .
The Norwegian Chess Federation ( Norwegian : Norges Sjakkforbund , often abbreviated as NSF ) is the national federation of chess in Norway .
Michael Paragyios ( alternate spellings : Michalis , Mihalis Paragios ) ( Greek : Μιχάλης Παραγιός ; born August 25 , 1982 in Glyfada , Athens , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Žarko Dolinar ( 3 July 1920 -- 9 March 2003 ) , Ph.D. , was a biologist and table tennis player who won eight medals at the World Table Tennis Championships .
The Czech Athletics Federation ( Czech : Český atletický svaz , Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtʃɛskiː ˈatlɛtɪtskiː ˈsvas ) abbreviated ČAS ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in the Czech Republic .
Manchester Phoenix are a semi professional ice hockey team from Greater Manchester , England .
Michail Misunov ( alternate spelling : Misounof ) ( Russian : Михаил Мисунов , Greek : Μιχαήλ Μισούνοφ ; born May 27 , 1964 ) is a retired Macedonian - Greek professional basketball player of Russian descent .
The 2007 Hypo Group Tennis International was a men 's tennis tournament that was part of the International Series of the 2007 ATP Tour .
The ANA Inspiration ( formerly known most recently as the Kraft Nabisco Championship , and still sometimes referred to as the Dinah Shore ) is one of the five major championships of professional women 's golf .
Dan Frawley ( 1882 - -1967 ) was a pioneer Australian rugby league footballer , a national representative player .
Andrea Eskau ( born March 3 , 1971 ) is a German handbiker , Paralympic biathlon and cross country skier who was born in Apolda and was a winner of 3 gold medals in Summer Paralympic games .
The 1996 Skoda Czech Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the I. Czech Lawn Tennis Club in Prague , Czech Republic and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour .
Elizabeta Samara ( born April 15 , 1989 in Constanţa ) , is a professional Romanian table tennis and a three - time European champion .
Football Federation Samoa is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation and is the national governing body for association football in Samoa .
The 1983 Family Circle Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sea Pines Plantation on Hilton Head Island , South Carolina in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
Boris Pašanski ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бopиc Пaшaнcки ) ( often spelled `` Pashanski '' in English - language media ) is a professional tennis player on the ATP Tour .
Kevin Ullyett ( born 23 May 1972 in Salisbury , now Harare ) is a former professional tennis player from Zimbabwe .
Ryan Hoffman ( born 26 January 1984 in Canberra , Australian Capital Territory ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League .
The 2012 Golden Spin of Zagreb ( Croatian : Zlatna pirueta Zagreba ) was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2012 - -2013 season .
Vladimir Brezhnev ( March 5 , 1935 -- March 20 , 1996 ) was an ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League .
Martin Müürsepp ( Estonian pronunciation : ( ˈmɑrˈtin ˈmyːrˈsepˑ ) ; born September 26 , 1974 ) is an Estonian retired professional basketball player and current coach .
Bennie Lewis III ( born June 29 , 1987 ) is an American - Australian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Frankston Blues of the South East Australian Basketball League ( SEABL ) .
The Erina Eagles are an Australian rugby league football club based in the suburb of Erina on the Central Coast of NSW .
The Belgian International in badminton is an international open held in Belgium since 1958 , but it has been held in irregular periods .
Ognen Stojanovski ( Macedonian : Огнен Стојановски ; born January 25 , 1984 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball player .
Clyde Rathbone ( born 23 July 1981 in Durban , South Africa ) , nicknamed `` Rattlebones '' , is an Australian rugby union player .
Dušan Đorđević ( Cyrillic : Душан Ђорђевић ; born March 29 , 1983 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for Oostende of the Belgian League .
John Christian Rapp ( May 22 , 1928 in Helsinki , Finland -- July 4 , 2004 ) was a professional ice hockey player who played in the SM - sarja .
Jamie Hickox is a former English and Canadian professional squash player .
The 2014 FIVB Volleyball World League was the 25th edition of the annual men 's international volleyball tournament , played by 28 countries from 23 May to 20 July 2014 .
Margaret Stocks née McKane was a former English badminton & tennis player .
The West London Wildcats are an Australian rules football and netball club based in London , England .
Justin Monahan ( born September 1 , 1989 ) is a professional American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent .
Ali Traoré ( born February 28 , 1985 ) is an Ivorian - born French professional basketball player who plays for Limoges CSP of the LNB Pro A. He also represented the France national basketball team internationally .
The Mexican National Mini - Estrella Championship ( Campeonato Nactional Mini - Estrella in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship endorsed by Comisión de Box y Lucha Libre Mexico D.F. ( Mexico City Boxing and Wrestling Commission ) .
CSK VVS Samara was a Russian professional basketball team , based in Samara , Russia .
The Caribes de Anzoátegui ( English : Anzoátegui Caribbeans ) is a baseball team in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League based in Puerto la Cruz , Venezuela .
P. Baigneres ( given name unknown ) was a tennis player competing for France .
Iman Jamali Moorchegani ( Persian : ایمان جمالی مورچه‌گانی‎‎ , born October 11 , 1991 in Isfahan ) is a professional handball player who currently he plays in Sweden for IFK Kristianstad .
Brett Morris ( born 23 August 1986 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canterbury - Bankstown Bulldogs of the National Rugby League .
The 1954 FIBA World Championship ( also called the 2nd World Basketball Championship -- 1954 ) was an international basketball tournament held by the International Basketball Federation in Ginásio do Maracanãzinho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil from October 23 to November 5 , 1954 .
Cécile Haussernot ( born October 1998 ) is a French chess player and is four times French Youth Champion :
Yair Kraidman ( born 1 November 1932 in Haifa ) is an Israeli chess grandmaster .
Mark Anthony Z. Escalona ( born September 27 , 1984 ) , better known as Macky Escalona , is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barangay Ginebra Kings of the Philippine Basketball Association .
The 2014 ATP Challenger Tour Finals was a tennis tournament played at the Esporte Clube Pinheiros in São Paulo , Brazil , between 19 and 23 November 2014 .
Noelle Pikus - Pace ( born December 8 , 1982 ) is a retired American skeleton racer who began her career in 2001 .
The HoPWF Television Championship was a secondary professional wrestling title in the House of Pain Wrestling Federation promotion .
Jake Gannon ( born January 25 , 1987 ) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played 3 years in the St. Louis Blues and New York Islanders systems .
Bambale Osby ( born May 21 , 1986 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Aix - Maurienne Savoie of the LNB Pro B. He played collegiate for New Mexico and Maryland .
Mandy Minella ( born 22 November 1985 ) is a Luxembourgish tennis player .
The World Series Cricket Australia XI was a cricket team representing Australia in World Series Cricket ( WSC ) .
Since 2010 René Wolff is the national coach of the Dutch track cycling team .
Radek Duda ( born January 28 , 1979 in Chodov ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .
The 2006 Denmark Open in badminton was held in Aarhus , Denmark , from October 31 to November 5 , 2006 .
Ivan Ivanišević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Иванишевић ; born 23 November 1977 ) is a Serbian chess player and chess grandmaster .
VEU Feldkirch is a professional ice hockey team from Feldkirch , Austria at Vorarlberghalle .
Pierre Galle ( born in Calais on 13 January 1945 ) is a French basketball player and coach .
The 1992 SANFL season was the 112nd season of the highest level Australian rules football Competition in South Australia .
İstanbul Ottomans are the first ever Turkish rugby union team , having been established in 1999 .
Laurent Travini ( born Gap , Hautes - Alpes , 24 November 1972 ) is a former French - born Italian rugby union player .
Osleidys Menéndez Sáez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( osˈleiðis meˈnendes ) ; born November 14 , 1979 in Martí ) is a Cuban athlete competing in the javelin throw .
Olivier Mutis ( born 2 February 1978 ) is a former French professional tennis player who retired in 2006 .
Esperides Kallitheas was a women 's basketball club , based in Kallithea , Athens .
Patrick Andreas Thuresson ( born November 18 , 1987 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing with Malmö Redhawks of the SHL .
The 2009 Monte - Carlo Rolex Masters , a tennis tournament for male professional players , was played from April 11 through April 19 , 2009 , on outdoor clay courts .
Karen Fladset ( born 27 May 1944 ) is a former Norwegian team handball player and coach .
The Lagos Open is a defunct WCT , Grand Prix and Challenger affiliated tennis tournament played from 1976 to 1991 .
Ronen Har - Zvi ( born 13 October 1976 ) is an Israeli chess player and writer .
The Notre Dame Hounds are a junior `` A '' ice hockey team based in Wilcox , Saskatchewan .
An Ironman 70.3 , also known as a Half Ironman , is one of a series of long distance triathlon races organized by the World Triathlon Corporation ( WTC ) .
Luke Durbridge ( born 9 April 1991 ) is an Australian road and track cyclist specialising in the individual time trial , road races , and various track cycling events .
Gillan Bwalya is a Zambian chess player and International Master ( IM)-elect .
Sandra Thalmann ( born 18 December 1992 ) is a Swiss ice hockey defender .
James Rawson ( born 7 July 1965 ) in Newark , Nottinghamshire is a British table tennis player who competed at every Summer Paralympic Games between 1984 and 2008 , winning five medals .
The Spanish Rugby Federation ( Spanish : Federación Española de Rugby ) is the governing body for the sport of rugby union in Spain .
Irisberto Herrera , ( Cuba , December 7 , 1968 ) is a Spanish - Cuban chess grandmaster .
Mikael Wikstrand ( born November 5 , 1993 ) , often stylized as Mikael Vikstrand , is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently on loan to Färjestad in the Swedish Hockey League .
Diego Kostner ( born August 5 , 1992 ) is an Italian professional ice hockey Winger .
Ramūnas Šiškauskas ( ( rɐˈmûːnɐs ʃɪʂˈkɐ̂ˑʊskɐs ) , born September 10 , 1978 ) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball .
The Croatian Basketball Federation ( Croatian : Hrvatski košarkaški savez or HKS ) is the governing body of basketball in Croatia .
The Cairns Taipans are an Australian men 's professional basketball team competing in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
The Chicago Shamrox were a professional lacrosse team that played in the National Lacrosse League ( NLL ) in the 2007 and 2008 NLL seasons .
Sergio Valdeolmillos Moreno ( born April 4 , 1967 ) is a Spanish basketball coach , which participated at the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup .
Gil Montandon ( born April 28 , 1965 in Neuchâtel , Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Centre .
The Federation of Mexican Athletics Associations ( FMAA ; Federación Mexicana de Asociaciones de Atletismo ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in México .
Rendez - vous ' 87 was an international ice hockey series of games between the Soviet national ice hockey team and a team of All - Stars from the National Hockey League , held in Quebec City .
Antonín Stavjaňa ( born February 10 , 1963 ) is a retired professional ice hockey player .
Gia Nadareishvili ( Georgian გია ნადარეიშვილი ; September 22 , 1921 -- October 3 , 1991 ) was a Soviet chess composer of Georgian nationality ( born in Tbilisi ) , and author of many books on chess studies .
Backstroke is one of the four swimming styles regulated by FINA , and the only regulated style swum on the back .
The 2002 Italian Figure Skating Championships ( Italian : Campionati Italiani Assoluti 2002 Pattinaggio Di Figura Su Ghiaccio ) were the Italian Figure Skating Championships of the 2001 - 2002 figure skating season .
Caroline Vis ( born 4 March 1970 in Vlaardingen ) is a retired professional tennis player from the Netherlands .
The 2015 UCI Cyclo - cross World Championships is the World Championship for cyclo - cross for the season 2014 - -15 .
Martin Růžička ( 15 December 1985 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player .
Georgi Misharin ( born 11 May 1985 in Yekaterinburg , Russia ) is a Russian professional ice hockey defensemna currently playing for HC CSKA Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
The Zimbabwean Independence Trophy is a Zimbabwean association football knockout tournament .
Bernard Hopkins vs. Joe Calzaghe was a boxing match that took place on April 19 , 2008 , at the Thomas & Mack Center in Paradise , Nevada , between The Ring light heavyweight champion Bernard Hopkins and undisputed super middleweight champion Joe Calzaghe .
FV Engers 07 is a German association football club based in the city of Engers , Rhineland - Palatinate .
Leigh East ARLFC is an amateur rugby league team from Leigh , a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan , in Greater Manchester , England .
Kevin Larroyer ( born 19 June 1989 in Toulouse ) is a French international rugby league player for Hull KR in the Super League .
Harry Nelson Pillsbury ( December 5 , 1872 -- June 17 , 1906 ) was a leading chess player .
Gianmarco Pozzecco ( born September 15 , 1972 ) is an Italian professional basketball coach and a former player .
Scott Spedding ( born 4 May 1986 , Krugersdorp , South Africa ) is a French rugby union player .
Emerance Maschmeyer ( born October 5 , 1994 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player for the Under 18 Canadian national women 's hockey team .
Brazil national under-15 football team , also known as Brazil Under-15 or Seleção Sub-15 , represents Brazil in association football , at an under-15 age level and is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation , the governing body for football in Brazil .
Hurricanes Rugby League are a Jamaican rugby league football team .
Maartje Paumen ( born 19 September 1985 ) is a Dutch field hockey player , who plays as midfielder for Dutch club HC Den Bosch .
South Wales Hornets was a rugby league amateur feeder club for South Wales Scorpions .
The 1996 Singer Cup was a triangular cricket tournament held between 1 and 7 April 1996 in Singapore .
Leo Goldstein was an American - Israeli association football referee .
The 1957 FIBA World Championship for Women was the second FIBA World Championship for Women basketball championship held by FIBA .
Damien Chouly ( ( da.mjɛ̃ ʃu.li ) ; born 27 November 1985 ) is a French rugby union footballer .
Mario Wuysang ( born May 5 , 1979 ) is an Indonesian basketball player currently playing for the CLS Knights of the Indonesian NBL .
Julien Saubade ( born 5 November 1983 in Bayonne ) is a French rugby union footballer , currently playing for the Paris rugby club Racing Métro in the top level of French club rugby , the Top 14 .
The 2012 International German Open ( also known as the bet -- at -- home Open -- German Tennis Championships 2012 for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts .
The Fiji Chess Federation coordinates chess tournaments in Fiji and is affiliated to FIDE ( World Chess Federation ) .
The Israeli Female Basketball Premier League or Ligat ha'Al ( Hebrew : ליגת העל בכדורסל נשים ) , is a women 's professional basketball league in Israel .
Yannick Pelletier ( born September 22 , 1976 in Biel / Bienne , Switzerland ) is a Swiss chess player who lives in Paris , France .
The Seahawks Gdynia are an American football team based in Gdynia , Poland .
The Czech National Football League ( Czech : Fotbalová národní liga , FNL ) is the second level professional association football league in the Czech Republic .
Lorenzo Bernardi ( born August 11 , 1968 in Trento , Italy ) is a former Italian volleyball player and coach , double European Champion ( 1989 , 1995 ) and double World Champion ( 1990 , 1994 ) , silver medalist of the Olympic Games Atlanta 1996 , a five - times gold medalist of FIVB World League .
The WRU Challenge Cup ( currently known as the SWALEC Cup due to sponsorship ) , or its full name of the Welsh Rugby Union Challenge Cup , is Wales ' premier knockout rugby union competition and is organised by the Welsh Rugby Union .
The 2011 Acropolis Rally was the seventh round of the 2011 World Rally Championship season .
Messaoud Berkous ( Arabic : مسعود بركوس‎ , born 20 July 1989 ) is an Algerian handball player for GS Pétroliers .
Dino Butorac ( born October 8 , 1990 ) is a Croatian basketball player who is currently playing for the Falco KC Szombathely of the Nemzeti Bajnokság I / A.
Levi Fontaine ( born November 1 , 1948 ) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard who played one season in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member of the San Francisco Warriors ( 1970 - -71 ) .
The 2010 Asian Tour was the 16th season of the modern Asian Tour , the main men 's professional golf tour in Asia excluding Japan , since it was established in 1995 .
The FINA Diving World Cup is an international biennial diving competition that was first contested in The Woodlands , Texas in 1979 .
Valeriya Gansvind ( born November 22 , 1965 , Moscow Oblast ) is an Estonian chess Woman FIDE Master .
The NWA Shockwave Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling heavyweight championship in NWA Shockwave ( NWA - SW ) and the National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) .
The Bundesliga ( ˈbʊndəsˌliːɡa ) ( lit . English : `` Federal League '' , sometimes referred to as the Fußball - Bundesliga ( ˈfuːsbal ˈbʊndəsˌliːɡa ) or 1 . Bundesliga ) , is a professional association football league in Germany and the football league with the highest average stadium attendance worldwide .
The 2012 Scottish Challenge Cup Final , also known as the Ramsdens Cup Final for sponsorship reasons , was an association football match between Falkirk and Hamilton Academical on 1 April 2012 at Almondvale Stadium in Livingston .
Moški Rokometni Klub Krka ( English : Men 's Handball Club Krka ) , commonly referred to as MRK Krka or simply Krka , is a team handball club from Novo Mesto , Slovenia .
Gu Yuting ( Chinese : 顾玉婷 ; pinyin : Gù Yùtíng ; born January 14 , 1995 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
Sebastian Dawnay is a professional polo player who holds a 4 goal handicap outdoors and an 8 goal arena polo handicap .
Charlon Kloof ( born March 20 , 1990 ) is a Dutch - Surinamese basketball player .
Maaja Ranniku ( born 1 March 1941 in Estonia - died 24 October 2004 ) was an Estonian chess player ( represented the Soviet Union until 1991 ) .
Mexborough Athletic F.C. was an English association football club based in Mexborough , Doncaster , South Yorkshire .
The Turkish Chess Federation ( Turkish : Türkiye Satranç Federasyonu , TSF ) is the governing chess organization within Turkey .
The 2012 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol was a professional tennis tournament played in Ortisei , Italy between 5 and 11 November 2012 on carpet courts .
The 21st Chess Olympiad , organized by FIDE and comprising an open team tournament , as well as several other events designed to promote the game of chess , took place between June 6 and June 30 , 1974 , in Nice , France .
The 2009 World Youth Baseball Championship was an international baseball tournament scheduled to start on 15 August 2009 .
The 2008 Coupe Internationale de Nice ( English : 2008 International Cup of Nice ) was the Coupe Internationale de Nice competition for the 2008 - -09 figure skating season .
Britta Büthe ( born 25 May 1988 in Michigan , United States ) is a German beach volleyball player .
Sebastiaan Weenink , ( born August 27 , 1986 in Rotterdam ) is a professional squash player from the Netherlands .
The BCW Can - Am Heavyweight Championship is the top title contested for in the Ontario - based professional wrestling promotion Border City Wrestling .
The 2007 LPGA Tour was a series of weekly golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world that took place from February through December 2007 .
Mantas Ruikis ( born June 28 , 1985 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays as a shooting guard .
Valentina Fiorin ( born 9 October 1984 ) is an Italian volleyball player .
Jo - Wilfried Tsonga ( French pronunciation : ​((d)ʒo wilfʁid t͡sɔŋɡa ) ; born 17 April 1985 ) is a French professional tennis player currently ranked World No . 10 as of 19 October 2015 .
The 2002 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship was the 13th U-18 FIBA Africa championship , played under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Basketball , the world basketball sport governing body .
Between 1957 and 1960 , Carol Heiss dominated women 's figure skating like nobody since Sonja Henie .
UEFA stadium categories are categories for association football stadiums laid out in the UEFA Stadium Infrastructure Regulations .
Thomas Keiser ( born March 28 , 1989 ) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent .
Ranjit Singh Gujjar ( born December 7 , 1984 ) , native of Reejhwas , Hindaun city ( Rajasthan , India ) is an Indian scientist and para table tennis player .
Alberto Herreros Ros ( born April 20 , 1969 in Madrid ) is a retired Spanish professional basketball player and is considered as one of the best European players .
Dave Gallaher ( born David Gallagher , 30 October 1873 -- 4 October 1917 ) was a New Zealand rugby union footballer best remembered as the captain of the `` Original All Blacks''--the 1905 - -06 New Zealand national team , the first representative New Zealand side to tour the British Isles .
Jonathan Berry ( born Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , September 11 , 1953 ) is a Canadian International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster , an International Arbiter , a FIDE Master ( FM ) over - the - board , and a chess journalist and author .
The Toronto Toros were an ice hockey team based in Toronto , Ontario that played in the World Hockey Association from 1973 to 1976 .
Bradford Dudley Hill Rugby League Club is an English rugby league team based in Bradford , West Yorkshire .
Earl Franklin Bartholome ( June 21 , 1914 -- January 27 , 2002 ) , born as Earl Bartholomew , was an American ice hockey player .
Dmitry Flis , ( in Russian : Дмитрий Флис , born October 10 , 1984 in Kaliningrad ) is a Russian professional basketball player who plays for ICL Manresa in the Liga ACB .
Bo Bowling ( born November 1 , 1987 ) is an American football player who is currently a member of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League .
Yang Kaiqi ( born 6 May 1988 in Heilongjiang Province ) is a Chinese IM chess player , who won the First ( Hi Seoul ) Korea Open Chess tournament held at the Olympic Parktel Convention Center , Seoul ( from 29 November -- 6 December 2008 ) .
Gene Hooks Field at Wake Forest Baseball Park is a collegiate and former minor - league baseball park in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , USA .
Uroš Tripković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Урош Трипковић ; born September 11 , 1986 ) is a Serbian former professional basketball player .
Bradford Burgess ( born April 29 , 1990 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for the UBC Güssing Knights in Austria .
Andrew Schnell ( born November 1 , 1991 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a professional squash player who represents Canada .
Leondino Giombini ( born January 30 , 1975 in Ancona ) is a volleyball player from Italy , who won the gold medal with the Men 's National Team at the 1999 European Championship in Vienna , Austria .
R.E. Mouscron was a Belgian association football club from the municipality of Mouscron , Hainaut .
Kumite ( 組手 ) literally translated means `` grappling hands '' and is one of the three main sections of karate training , along with kata and kihon .
Versus de scachis is a Medieval Latin poem about chess .
SV 1919 Bernbach is a German association football club in Bernbach , a village in Freigericht , Hesse .
Killarney Racecourse is a horse racing venue in Killarney , County Kerry , Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing .
The 2009 BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix is the third season of BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix in badminton .
Darrell Walker ( born March 9 , 1961 ) is an American professional basketball coach and retired player .
Daniel Vacek ( born 1 April 1971 ) is a former tennis player from Czechoslovakia and the Czech Republic who turned professional in 1990 .
The Auckland Rugby Union ( ARU ) is the governing body for rugby union in a portion of the Auckland Region of New Zealand .
Chuang Chia - chia ( Chinese : 莊佳佳 ; pinyin : Zhuāng Jiājiā ; born 13 May 1989 ) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner .
Agustín Moreno ( born March 31 , 1967 in Guadalajara ) is a former tennis player from Mexico .
The Ireland Davis Cup team represents the whole of Ireland in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by Tennis Ireland .
Emanuele Zanini ( born April 15 , 1965 in San Giovanni del Dosso , Lombardy , Italy ) is a volleyball coach from Italy .
The Plymouth Whalers were a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League .
The 2015 S.League was the 20th season since the establishment of the S.League , the top - flight Singaporean professional league for association football clubs .
Captain Charles Thomas Irvine Roark ( 1895 - -1939 ) was an English polo player .
Rich Froning Jr. ( born July 21 , 1987 ) is an American professional CrossFit athlete known for his achievements in the 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , and 2015 CrossFit Games .
They played in the second tier of Ireland 's American football league system The team played their home games at St. Oliver 's Community College in Rathmullen , Drogheda Founded in 2010 , Drogheda Lightning competed in the IAFL DV8s Division ( now defunct ) in 2011 and 2012 .
Pielaveden Sampo is a professional volleyball club based in Pielavesi , a small town in Eastern Finland .
The Austrian Open Kitzbühel ( formally known as the Generali Open Kitzbühel ) is an annual tennis tournament held in Kitzbühel , Austria .
Lysgårdsbakken , officially known as Lysgårdsbakkene Ski Jumping Arena ( Norwegian : Lysgårdsbakkene hoppanlegg ) , is a ski jumping hill in Lillehammer , Norway .
The 2013 Tuvalu A - Division is the 13th season of top flight association football in Tuvalu .
The 2011 World Youth Baseball Championship was an under-16 international baseball competition held in Lagos de Moreno , Mexico from August 19 to August 28 , 2011 .
The 1999 Estoril Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Estoril Court Central in the Oeiras Municipality in Portugal that was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour and of Tier IVa of the 1999 WTA Tour .
Larri Leeger ( born October 30 , 1986 ) is a Swiss - Finnish ice hockey defenceman .
The 1946 FIBA European Championship , commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 1946 , was the fourth FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship , held by FIBA Europe and the first since 1939 due to World War II . Ten national teams affiliated with the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) took part in the competition .
Lorenzo Coleman ( born September 9 , 1975 − died November 24 , 2013 ) was an American basketball player .
Carol Montgomery ( born August 24 , 1965 in Sechelt , British Columbia ) is an Olympic athlete from Canada who competed in triathlon and athletics .
Association Sportive de Mutzig , commonly known as AS Mutzig , is an association football club based in the commune of Mutzig , in the Bas - Rhin department of eastern France .
Drew Dileo ( born April 27 , 1992 ) is an American football wide receiver and baseball player .
Allerød FK , previously known as Lillerød IF , is a Danish association football club currently playing in the Zealand Series .
The 2014 Hong Kong Tennis Open was a women 's professional tennis tournament played on hard courts .
Melanie Oudin ( born September 23 , 1991 ) is an American tennis player and former world junior no . 2 .
The 1954 Five Nations Championship was the twenty - fifth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship .
Fabian Drzyzga ( born 3 January 1990 ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland men 's national volleyball team and Polish club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów , 2014 World Champion , a bronze medalist of the 2011 European Championship , Polish Champion ( 2015 ) .
The 1967 Scotch Cup , the men 's world curling championship , was held in Perth , Scotland at the Perth Ice Rink .
Arab Volleyball Association ( AVA ) ( Arabic : الاتحاد العربي للكرة الطائرة‎ ) is the governing body of volleyball in the Arab states .
Huia Edmonds ( born 20 October 1981 in Ashburton , New Zealand ) is an Australian rugby union footballer .
Nevin Spence ( 26 April 1990 -- 15 September 2012 ) was a Northern Ireland - born Irish rugby union player for Ulster in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
European Modern Pentathlon Championships is main modern pentathlon championships in Europe .
Erwin Claggett ( born 1973 ) is an American former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at Saint Louis University between 1991 - -92 and 1994 - -95 .
The New England Blizzard was a women 's professional basketball franchise based in Hartford , Connecticut .
The 2014 CONCACAF Women 's Championship Qualification was a series of women 's association football tournaments that determined the participants for the 2014 CONCACAF Women 's Championship .
Richard Eric Gautrey Jeeps CBE ( born 25 November 1931 ) , known as Dickie Jeeps , was an English rugby union player who played for Northampton .
The Pensacola Ice Pilots was a minor league ice hockey team located in Pensacola , Florida .
Chinese Taipei Ice Hockey League ( Chinese : 中華冰球聯盟 , abbreviated as CIHL ) is a Taiwanese ice hockey league based out of Taipei , Taiwan .
Poul Holm is a former Danish badminton player .
Nicole Muns - Jagerman ( born 23 July 1967 ) is a retired tennis player from the Netherlands .
The 2009 European Tour was the 38th series of golf tournaments since the European Tour officially began in 1972 .
Stéphane Dondon ( born January 9 , 1977 , in Melun , France ) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league clubs Vichy , Chalon / Saone and Cholet between 2002 and 2008 .
The 2007 European Youth Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held in Jablonec , Czech Republic from July 17 to July 21 , 2007 .
Mel Purcell ( born July 18 , 1959 , in Joplin , Missouri , U.S. ) is a former American tennis player .
Ferdinand Tille ( born 8 December 1988 ) is a German volleyball player , a member of Germany men 's national volleyball team and German club TSV Herrsching , a gold medalist of European League 2009 , a bronze medalist of the World Championship 2014 .
Mamoudou Sy ( born April 1 , 1983 in Paris ) is a French basketball player who played for French league Pro - A club Lyon - Villeurbanne during the 2003 - 2004 season .
The Cologne Centurions were an American football team that played in NFL Europe .
Johnny Moates is an American former basketball player best known for his collegiate career at the University of Richmond between 1964 - -65 and 1966 - -67 .
Archery at the 1980 Summer Olympics was held at the archery field , located at the Krylatskoye Olympic Sports Centre ( Krylatskoye district , Moscow ) .
Valérie Courtois ( born 1 November 1990 in Bilzen ) is a Belgian volleyball player who plays as libero for Budowlani Łódź .
Stefan Żywotko ( born January 9 , 1920 in Lwów , Poland ) is a former Polish association football coach .
Jacobs Erasmus , better known as Jaco Erasmus ( born 31 July 1979 in Humansdorp , South Africa ) is a South African - born Italian rugby union naturalized player .
Sandy Rosario ( born August 22 , 1985 ) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent .
The Ottawa Civics was a professional ice hockey team based out of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , that played a portion of one season in the World Hockey Association in a mid - season relocation of the Denver Spurs .
Stratford - on - Avon Racecourse , also known as simply Stratford Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located in Stratford - on - Avon , Warwickshire , England .
The Oceania Badminton Championships is a tournament organized by the Badminton Oceania ( BO ) since 1997 and is held once every two years to crown the best badminton players in Oceania .
Fabien Ateba ( born May 30 , 1991 in Argenteuil , France ) is a French basketball player who plays for the French Pro B league club Hyeres - Toulon .
The WBSC Premier12 ( also `` Premier 12 '' ) is the flagship international baseball tournament organized by the World Baseball Softball Confederation ( WBSC ) , featuring the twelve best - ranked national baseball teams in the world .
Steven Finitsis , ( born 19 January 1983 in Innisfail , Queensland ) is a professional squash player who represented Australia .
The Tour du Grand Montréal was an annual women 's road bicycle racing stage - race in Canada , between 2002 and 2009 .
SVN Zweibrücken is a German association football club from the Niederauerbach quarter of Zweibrücken , Rhineland - Palatinate .
The Salón de la Fama del Beisbol Profesional de México ( in English , Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame ) , commonly called the Salón de la Fama ( Hall of Fame ) is a baseball hall of fame and museum located in Monterrey , Nuevo León .
Denny Fitzpatrick is a retired American basketball player .
Renato Longo ( born 9 August 1937 in Vittorio Veneto , Province of Treviso ) is a former cyclo - cross racer from Italy .
Nassima Ben Hamouda ( born October 20 , 1973 in Villeurbanne , France ) is a retired Algerian international volleyball player .
Wakefield RFC was an English rugby union club , founded in 1901 and folded in 2004 as a result of poor finances , with a trading loss of £ 105,000 for the season and unsecured creditors ' loans of approximately £ 640,000 .
The 2007 TT Pro League was the ninth season of the TT Pro League , the Trinidad and Tobago professional league for association football clubs , since its establishment in 1999 .
Lesly Bengaber ( born 12 December 1979 in Les Abymes , Guadeloupe ) , is a French professional basketball player playing for SLUC Nancy .
Robinzon Díaz Henriquez ( born September 19 , 1983 ) is a Dominican professional baseball catcher who is a free agent .
Chris Sandow ( born 9 January 1989 in Kingaroy , Queensland ) is an Indigenous Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Warrington Wolves in the Super League .
Gian Paolo Montali ( born January 18 , 1960 in Traversetolo , province of Parma ) is an Italian volleyball coach who has won two Volleyball European Championships with Italian national team .
The Brantford Alexanders were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League and Ontario Hockey League from 1978 to 1984 .
Leon Stolzenberg ( 18 October 1895 -- 25 October 1974 ) was an American chess player .
The earliest origins of the club was from 1901 when Foot Ball Club di Roma was founded as a sports club , they did not in fact open their association football section until 1903 however with a slight name change .
Hanneke Smabers ( born October 19 , 1973 in The Hague , South Holland ) is a former field hockey midfielder from the Netherlands , who played 126 international matches for the Dutch National Women 's Team , in which she scored twelve goals .
The Montreal Alouettes ( French : Les Alouettes de Montréal , IPA : ( alwɛt ) ) are a Canadian football team based in Montreal , Quebec .
Tartu Big Diamonds was an Estonian professional ice hockey team who played in the Latvian Hockey League ( Samsung premjerliga ) .
Lior Eliyahu ( Hebrew : לִיאוֹר אֱלִיָּהוּ‎ ; born September 9 , 1985 ) is an Israeli professional basketball player who plays for Hapoel Jerusalem of the Israeli Super League .
Burke Scott ( born January 12 , 1933 ) was an American basketball player and coach .
Valdas Dabkus ( born March 26 , 1984 ) is a professional Lithuanian basketball player .
Swinton Lions RLFC is an English professional rugby league club from Swinton , Greater Manchester .
The Hockey World Cup is an international field hockey competition organised by the International Hockey Federation ( FIH ) .
Ivor Morgan ( 15 August 1884 - 10 December 1943 ) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Swansea and county rugby for Glamorgan .
Richard Matuszewski ( ma - the - CHef - ski ) , born September 7 , 1964 in Newark , New Jersey , is a former tennis player from the United States .
The Leicester Warriors are a professional English basketball team from Leicester , Leicestershire , competing in the English Basketball League ( EBL ) Division 1 .
The 2012 Autumn International Series is a rugby league tri - series between England , France and Wales .
Viliami Ofahengaue ( born 3 May 1968 in Kolofoou , Tonga ) , widely known as Willie O , is a former rugby union player who earned 41 caps for the Australian Wallabies from 1990 to 1998 , and played in the World Cups of 1991 and 1995 as well as the 1993 World Cup Sevens .
Jason Saal ( born February 1 , 1975 in Detroit Michigan ) is a retired professional ice hockey player , who last played with the Adirondack Frostbite in the UHL .
Racing Charleroi Couillet Fleurus ( formerly Football Club Charleroi ) , abbreviated to RCCF , is a Belgian association football club located in the suburb of Couillet , which is a part of the city of Charleroi , in the province of Hainaut .
Elshan Moradi Abadi ( Persian : الشن مرادی ابدی ‎ , born 22 May 1985 ) is a chess grandmaster from Iran .
Arnaud Boetsch ( born 1 April 1969 ) is a former French tennis player who turned professional in 1987 .
Juan Pablo Cantero ( born September 19 , 1982 ) is an Argentine - Italian professional basketball player .
Kuo Tai - yuan , ( Chinese : 郭泰源 ; pinyin : Guō Tàiyuán ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo1 Tai4 Yüan2 ; Japanese : かく たいげん ( Kaku Taigen ) ; born March 20 , 1962 ) , is a retired Taiwanese NPB baseball pitcher and currently a baseball coach .
Kalmar BTK is a table tennis club in Kalmar , Sweden .
The Tennis Center at Crandon Park is a tennis facility in Key Biscayne , Florida .
The Stormers are a South African professional rugby union team based in Cape Town competing in the Super Rugby competition .
Jani Tuppurainen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays in Jyp .
Union Montilienne Sportive Football , commonly known as UMS Montélimar , is a French association football club based in the commune of Montélimar , in the Drôme department of south - eastern France .
Merilappi United is women 's association football club from Kemi , Finland .
Marc Ganzi is an American businessman and polo player .
The 2012 Women 's Twenty20 Asia Cup is first Asian Cricket Council Women 's Twenty20 cricket tournament taking place at Guangzhou , China .
Zhu Yuling ( Chinese : 朱雨伶 ; born 10 January 1995 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
Nadeen El - Dawlatly ( born 22 June 1993 in Doha , Qatar ) is an Egyptian table tennis player .
Le Palamède was the world 's first periodical devoted to the game of chess .
Loki Crichton ( born 14 March 1976 ) is a former Samoan rugby union international player .
Henri Padou ( 15 May 1898 -- 19 November 1981 ) was a French water polo player and freestyle swimmer .
José Assis best known as Zezé Assis ( January 2 , 1962 -- August 19 , 2007 ) , was an Angolan basketball player .
ŠHK 37 Piešťany is a professional Slovak ice hockey club based in Piešťany , Slovakia .
The Marshall Chess Club , in Greenwich Village , New York City , is one of the oldest chess clubs in the United States .
BC Levski Sofia ( Bulgarian : БК Левски 2014 ) is a Bulgarian professional basketball club based in the capital Sofia and part of the Levski Sofia sports club .
SGS Essen are a German association football club based in Essen , North Rhine - Westphalia .
The Atlanta Blaze is a professional men 's field lacrosse team based in Kennesaw , Georgia .
The Nagano Olympic Commemorative Marathon ( Japanese : 長野オリンピック記念 長野マラソン ) is an annual marathon road race which takes place in mid - April in Nagano , Japan .
Baseball Digest is a baseball magazine resource , published in Evanston , Illinois by Grandstand Publishing , LLC . It is the oldest and longest - running baseball magazine in the United States .
Trevor Gillies ( born January 30 , 1979 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently with the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL .
Ruan Pienaar ( born 10 March 1984 in Bloemfontein ) is a South African rugby union footballer who plays either as a scrum - half or as a fly - half who plays for Ulster .
St Mary 's Sporting Club Inc is an Australian rules football and netball club based at Kardinia West Oval in Geelong , Victoria .
Ours de Villard - de - Lans ( Villard - de - Lans Bears ) is a French ice hockey team based in Villard - de - Lans playing in the FFHG Division 2 .
City of Palms Park is a stadium in Fort Myers , Florida primarily used for baseball , although the City of Fort Myers uses the venue for the occasional concert .
The Medicine Hat Tigers are a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) who play out of Medicine Hat , Alberta , Canada .
The Benson & Hedges International Open was a men 's professional golf tournament which was played in England .
Ismaël N'Diaye ( born 20 April 1982 ) is an Ivorian basketball player formerly at Florida International University in Miami , Florida , United States .
Jason Hobson ( born 10 February 1983 in Swansea , Wales ) is a former rugby union player who plays at prop
The Guam national football team is the national association football team for the United States territory of Guam and is controlled by the Guam Football Association .
The 2011 Bauer Watertechnology Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet courts .
The NBA All - Star Game is a basketball exhibition game hosted annually by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) , matching the league 's star players from the Eastern Conference against their counterparts from the Western Conference .
The TNA World Beer Drinking Championship was an unsanctioned professional wrestling championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) promotion .
The Ottawa Voyageurs , previously the Ottawa Rapidz , were a professional baseball team based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada under the Canadian - American Association of Professional Baseball or Can - Am League .
The Trofeo Cirio was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place twice , in Rome , Italy , in 1998 and in Santiago de Chile , Chile , in 1999 .
The Six Days of Grenoble ( French : Six jours cyclistes de Grenoble ) is a six - day track cycling race held annually in Grenoble , France .
Martyr 's Memorial C - Division League ( Nepali : शहीद स्मारक सि डिभिजन लीग ) is the third tier association football league of Nepali football league system after the Martyr 's Memorial A - Division League and the Martyr 's Memorial B - Division League .
The WWP All - Africa Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship in the South African Professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Professionals , contested exclusively among Heavyweight ( > = 100 kg ( 220 lb ) ) wrestlers born in Africa .
SunTrust Park is a baseball park under construction that will serve as the future home of the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , located in the Cumberland area of Cobb County , Georgia , northwest of Atlanta .
Patrice Kuchna ( born May 10 , 1963 ) is a former tennis player from France .
Bective Rangers is a rugby union club in Dublin , Ireland founded in 1881 .
The Stapleton Blizzard is a professional inline hockey team that competes in the Professional Inline Hockey Association Minor League .
Omneya Abdel Kawy ( born 15 August 1985 , in Cairo ) is an Egyptian professional squash player .
The IWRG Rey del Ring ( Spanish for `` King of the Ring '' ) refers both to an annual tournament and a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha libre professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) .
David Ferriol ( born 24 April 1979 in Carcassonne , France ) is a French professional rugby league player .
The FIBA Asia Champions Cup , previously known as the Asian Basketball Confederation ( ABC ) Champions Cup until 2002 , is the Asian club championship for professional basketball .
The Águilas del Zulia ( English : Zulia Eagles ) is a Venezuelan professional baseball team which plays in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League .
The Pakistan Cricket Board is a sporting organization that is responsible for governing all professional cricket , including Test cricket and One Day International matches played in Pakistan .
Rebound Ace is a cushioned tennis hardcourt composed of polyurethane rubber , fiberglass , and other materials on top of an asphalt or reinforced concrete base .
Daphny van den Brand , ( born April 6 , 1978 in Zeeland , North Brabant ) is a Dutch cyclo - cross , road bicycle and mountain bike racer .
Brandon Bing ( born August 8 , 1989 ) is a former American football cornerback .
Neil Best ( born 3 April 1979 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a rugby union footballer , who attended Wellington College Belfast and played his school rugby there until he left in 1997 after upper sixth .
Camilo Miettinen ( born March 1 , 1986 ) is a Colombian - born Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HC TPS of the Finnish Liiga .
The Warsaw Open , formerly the J&S Cup , was a tennis tournament on the WTA Tour held in Warsaw , Poland .
FC Khimki ( Russian : ФК Химки ) is a Russian association football club based in Khimki .
Anders Thomas Steen ( born June 8 , 1960 ) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player and coach .
The Antim Cup is contested between the rugby union teams of Romania ( `` The Oaks '' ) and Georgia ( `` The Lelos '' ) .
Toombul District Cricket Club is an Australian cricket club based in Nundah , Queensland , in the city of Brisbane .
The Bahamas Fed Cup team represents the Bahamas in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Bahamas Lawn Tennis Association .
Derby / Linköping Bandyklubb , Derby / Linköping BK , colloquially Derby , is a bandy club in Linköping , Sweden .
The Knoxville Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was held at the Holston Hills Country Club in Knoxville , Tennessee in 1945 and 1946 .
Tim Woolgar is a British chess boxer who established Great Britain Chess Boxing Organisation and London Chess Boxing Club the first United Kingdom chessboxing institution .
Arnaud Héguy ( born 23 January 1985 ) is a former French international professional rugby union player .
Mickey Lawson ( born 23 May 1949 in Edinburgh ) is a Scottish association football player and manager .
Cardiff Demons RLFC were a rugby league side who played out of St. Peters RFC in the east of Cardiff , Wales .
Fakenham Racecourse is a thoroughbred horse racing venue located in Fakenham , Norfolk , England .
The North African Super Cup is an annual association football competition which was launched in 2010 .
Marin Čilić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˌmâriːn ˈt͡ʃǐːlit͜ɕ ) ; born 28 September 1988 ) is a Croatian professional tennis player whose biggest success to date is having won the 2014 US Open .
Dunc MacIntyre ( born July 3 , 1964 in Brockville , Ontario ) was a Canadian ice hockey player for the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) .
EHC St. Moritz is a Swiss ice hockey team .
The 2001 Copa Colsanitas was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Club Campestre El Rancho in Bogotá in Colombia and was part of Tier III of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The 1997 Warsaw Cup by Heros was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Legia Tennis Centre in Warsaw in Poland that was part of Tier III of the 1997 WTA Tour .
The 2013 Dutch Basketball Supercup is a basketball game that was held on September 29 , 2013 .
Jason Croker ( born 10 March 1973 in Crookwell , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
The 2014 BRD Brașov Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on Clay courts .
The 2008 Sunshine Tour was the ninth season of professional golf tournaments since the southern Africa based Sunshine Tour was relaunched in 2000 , and the second since the tour switched a calendar based season in 2007 .
Nick Popplewell ( born 6 April 1964 in Dublin ) is an Irish former rugby union player who won 48 caps for his country between 1989 and 1998 .
Ballincollig GAA is a Gaelic football and hurling club based in the town of Ballincollig , County Cork , Ireland .
Juris Kalniņš ( 8 March 1938 -- 9 February 2010 ) was a Soviet and Latvian basketball player .
North Brisbane Rugby Club , or Norths , is an Australian rugby union club .
The World Chess Network ( WCN ) was a commercial Internet chess server devoted to the play and discussion of chess that launched in 1997 and closed ten years later in 2007 when it was bought by Internet Chess Club and merged with Chess Live to form World Chess Live .
The 2010 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game between players selected from the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) 's Western Conference and the Eastern Conference that was played on February 14 , 2010 at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington , Texas United States .
Astra Goldmane ( also Astra Goldman ; born June 24 , 1956 ) is a former Latvian chess player .
Tolga Tekinalp ( born 28 December 1974 ) is a Turkish former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career in the Turkish Basketball League ( TBL ) .
Chris McQueen ( born 3 August 1987 , in Brisbane , Queensland ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League .
Kilbeggan Racecourse is a horse racing venue in Kilbeggan , County Westmeath , Ireland .
Sherron Mills ( July 29 , 1971 -- January 17 , 2016 ) was an American basketball player from Salisbury , Maryland .
Major Walter Torrie Forrest ( died on 19 April 1917 , aged 36 ) was a Scottish rugby union player .
The Mexico Fed Cup team represents Mexico in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Federación Mexicana de Tenis .
The 2010 European Cricket Championship Division One was a cricket tournament held in Jersey , which took place between 13 July and 16 June 2010 .
Dinamo Volgograd ( Russian : Динамо Волгоград ) is a Russian women 's handball club from Volgograd .
The FA Women 's Community Shield is a association football match in England .
Fulgor Libertas Forlì was an Italian professional basketball team based in Forlì , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Golf stroke mechanics is the means by which golfers make decisions ( selecting clubs , selecting shots ) and execute them ( making shots ) in the sport of golf .
The National Women 's Basketball League , often abbreviated to the NWBL , was an organization governing professional basketball leagues for women in the United States .
Deutsche Schachzeitung ( English : `` German Chess Paper '' ) was the first German chess magazine .
José Vespasien ( born April 1 , 1976 in Villeurbanne , France ) is a French basketball player who played 26 games for the French Pro - A league club Dijon during the 2002 - -2003 season .
Newlands Cricket Ground ( known as PPC Newlands for sponsorship reasons ) in Cape Town is a South African cricket ground .
Ali Diab ( Arabic : علي دياب‎ ) ( born 23 May 1982 in Ahfer fauka , Rif Dimashq , Syria ) is a Syrian professional association football player .
The Real Club de Tenis Barcelona 1899 is a private tennis club in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Oxford University Boat Club ( OUBC ) is the rowing club of the University of Oxford , England , located on the River Thames at Oxford .
Matthew Nable ( born 8 March 1972 ) is an Australian film and television actor , writer and former professional rugby league footballer .
The Bakersfield Condors are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) based in Bakersfield , California .
The Diables Rouges de Briançon ( ( English ) : Briançon Red Devils ) ( Briançon Alpes Provence Hockey Club and before Hockey Club Briançon ) is the ice hockey team of Briançon ( Hautes - Alpes ) .
Jamar Smith ( born April 7 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player who who plays for Unicaja of the Liga ACB .
Guo Ailun ( Chinese : 郭艾伦 ; pinyin : Guō Àilún ) is a Chinese basketball player who plays for Liaoning Flying Leopards in the Chinese Basketball Association .
Gijón Baloncesto S.A.D. is a basketball team based in Gijón , Asturias ( Spain ) .
Maurice Stokes ( June 17 , 1933 -- April 6 , 1970 ) was an American professional basketball player in the 1950s for the Cincinnati / Rochester Royals of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) until his career -- and later his life -- was cut short by a debilitating injury .
The 2015 FC Taraz season is the 7th successive season that the club will play in the Kazakhstan Premier League , the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan , and 22nd in total .
Gary Andrew Carignan ( born July 23 , 1986 ) is a professional baseball pitcher for the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball .
The 2016 Outback Bowl was an American college football bowl game that was played on January 1 , 2016 , at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida .
The Loop jump is a figure skating jump that takes off from a back outside edge and lands on the same backwards outside edge .
Brett Westgarth ( born 4 February 1982 in Amherstburg , Ontario ) is a professional ice hockey defenceman , who has played 183 regular - season games in the American Hockey League for the Syracuse Crunch , Iowa Stars , Worcester Sharks , and Bridgeport Sound Tigers .
The Millennium Trophy ( Irish : Corn na Mílaoise ) is a rugby union award contested annually by Ireland and England as part of the Six Nations Championship .
Iveta Benešová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɪvɛta ˈbɛnɛʃovaː ) ) ( born 1 February 1983 ) is a Czech former professional tennis player .
Hedda Berntsen ( born 24 April 1976 ) is a Norwegian sportsperson who has competed internationally in telemark skiing , alpine skiing , freestyle skiing and skicross .
The Kingdom Kangaroos is an Australian rules football club in Fife , Scotland .
The Wellington Rugby Football Union ( WRFU ) is the official governing body of rugby union in the city of Wellington , the capital of New Zealand .
The Queensland Rugby Union , or QRU , is the governing body for the sport of rugby union within the state of Queensland in Australia .
Terrell Hudgins ( born February 24 , 1987 ) is an American football wide receiver and is currently a free agent .
The Irish National Badminton Championships is a tournament organised to crown the best badminton players in Ireland .
Marina Maljković ( born September 26 , 1981 ) is a Serbian professional basketball coach , currently coaching Union Lyon Basket Féminin .
Association France Cricket is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in France .
Chien - Ming Wang ( Chinese : 王建民 ; pinyin : Wáng Jiànmín ; born March 31 , 1980 ) is a Taiwanese professional baseball pitcher who is currently in the Kansas City Royals organization .
The Baltimore Orioles are an American professional baseball team based in Baltimore , Maryland .
Giorgos Kolokithas ( alternate spelling : Kolokythas ; Greek : Γεώργιος ( Γιώργος ) Κολοκυθάς ; November 2 , 1945 -- March 2 , 2013 ) was a Greek professional basketball player .
The 2005 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2005 - -2006 figure skating season .
Loftus Versfeld Stadium is a rugby and association football stadium situated in the Arcadia suburb of Pretoria , Gauteng , South Africa .
The 2007 Canada Masters ( also known as the 2007 Rogers Masters and 2007 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Harold Tommy Amaker ( /ˈæməkər/ ; born June 6 , 1965 ) is an American NCAA Division I college basketball coach and the current head coach of the Harvard University men 's basketball team .
Steve Walker ( born January 12 , 1973 in Collingwood , Ontario ) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey player .
Cao Yuan started diving at age 5 .
The Arena Football League ( AFL ) is the highest level of professional indoor American football in the United States .
The 2nd Czech Republic Hockey League is the third - level ice hockey league in the Czech Republic under the 1st Czech Republic Hockey League .
The European Individual Chess Championship is a chess tournament organized by the European Chess Union .
Lindum Hockey Club is a field hockey club located in Lincoln , England .
Don Munroe ( born 1927 or 1928 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Sudbury Wolves .
The 1960 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling .
Paul Tito ( born 9 June 1978 in Taumarunui , New Zealand ) is a retired New Zealand rugby union player and a cousin of Nathan Tito .
FF Norden 02 Weiswampach - Hupperdange is an association football club based in the Weiswampach , in northern Luxembourg .
The 1873 Victorian football season was an Australian rules football competition played during the winter of 1873 .
Michael Nell ( born February 5 , 1984 in Calgary ) is a former Canadian national team member in the sport of Nordic ski jumping .
The 2011 Erste Bank Open is a tennis tournament to be played on indoor hard courts .
The Croatia Davis Cup team represents Croatia in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Croatian Tennis Association .
Felipe Reyes Cabanas ( born 16 March 1980 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays and captains Real Madrid .
Dave Rennie is a New Zealand rugby union coach , and currently the head coach of the Chiefs in the Super Rugby competition .
The Brawl for it All was the name of the boxing fight on March 18 , 1983 between Michael Spinks and Dwight Muhammad Qawi .
The 2007 Giro di Lombardia is the 101st edition of this single day road bicycle racing monument race .
Konrad Reuland ( born April 4 , 1987 ) is an American football tight end who is currently with the Baltimore Ravens .
Dayon Demond Mallet ( born February 22 , 1978 ) is an American professional basketball player that plays with FIATC Joventut in the Spanish League .
Katarína Studeníková ( born 2 September 1972 in Bratislava ) is a professional Slovak tennis player .
George Alan Prescott ( 17 June 1927 in Widnes , Lancashire -- 20 September 1998 ) was an English rugby league footballer and coach of the 1940s , ' 50s and ' 60s , playing initially at Wing , and then later at Prop , Second - row , or Loose forward / Lock .
Herbert Chapman ( 19 January 1878 -- 6 January 1934 ) was an English association football player and manager .
Gabriele Kohlisch ( born December 7 , 1963 ) is a German luger and bobsledder who competed from the mid-1980s to 1997 in luge , then from 1998 to the early 2000s in bobsleigh .
Hockeyettan ( or HockeyEttan , known as Division 1 from 1944 to 2014 ) is the third tier of ice hockey in Sweden .
The Uruguayan Chess Championship ( Campeonato Uruguayo de Ajedrez ) is the national chess championship of Uruguay .
Shelton Jones ( born April 4 , 1966 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who played collegiately at St. John 's University .
The Modenese Masters were three 18th - century chess masters and writers from Modena , Italy :
Beuthener SuSV 09 was a German association football club from the city of Beuthen , Upper Silesia in what was then part of Germany but is today Bytom , Poland .
Panagiotis Fasoulas ( alternate spelling : Fassoulas ) ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Φασούλας , nicknamed `` The Spider '' ( Greek : αράχνη ) ; born May 12 , 1963 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a Greek politician and former professional basketball player .
Johan Petro ( born January 27 , 1986 ) is a French professional basketball player of Guadeloupean descent , for the Leones de Ponce of the Baloncesto Superior Nacional ( BSN ) .
The Laval Titan was one of the names used by a junior ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) franchise that played in Laval , Quebec , between 1971 and 1998 .
Sloane Stephens ( born March 20 , 1993 ) is an American tennis player who is currently ranked World No . 26 in the Women 's Tennis Association singles rankings .
The Rugby - Bundesliga is the highest level of the league system for rugby union in Germany , organised by the German Rugby Federation .
Vasilios Kotronias ( Greek : Βασίλειος Κοτρωνιάς ; first name sometimes spelled Vassilios ; born 25 August 1964 in Athens ) is a Greek chess grandmaster and chess author .
The Whistler Sliding Centre ( French : Centre des sports de glisse de Whistler ) is a Canadian bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track located in Whistler , British Columbia , that is 125 km ( 78 mi ) north of Vancouver .
Mate Pavić ( born 4 July 1993 ) is a Croatian tennis player who won the boys ' doubles title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships in partnership with George Morgan .
The SAARC Baseball Championship is the main championship tournament between national baseball teams in South Asia .
Sep Visser ( born in Zeewolde , 14 December 1990 ) is a former Dutch rugby union player .
The United States Tennis Association ( USTA ) is the national governing body for tennis in the United States .
Khivi ( 1506 - -1582 ) also referred to as Mata Khivi or Bibi Khivi was the wife of Guru Angad Dev , second Sikh guru .
Mizue Takada retired from show business in 1985 after marriage to Wakashimazu Mutsuo .
Audata ( Ancient Greek Αὐδάτη ; ruled c. 359 -- 336 BC ) was an Illyrian princess and later a Macedonian queen when she married Philip II of Macedon in 359 BC . She was the daughter or niece of Bardyllis , the Illyrian king of the Dardanian State .
Princess Alice , Duchess of Gloucester GCB GCVO GBE CI ( born Alice Christabel Montagu Douglas Scott ; 25 December 1901 -- 29 October 2004 ) was the wife and then widow of Prince Henry , Duke of Gloucester , the third son of George V and Mary of Teck .
Eva Menasse is married to the German author Michael Kumpfmüller .
Lew Brice married actress Mae Clarke on February 26 , 1928 ; the union later ended in divorce .
Charles Alden Black ( March 6 , 1919 -- August 4 , 2005 ) was a California businessman known for his work in aquaculture and oceanography as well as his marriage to Shirley Temple Black .
In 1967 , Anne Fogarty married Richard Kollmar , Dorothy Kilgallen 's widower .
Princess Bathildis of Schaumburg - Lippe ( German : Prinzessin Bathildis Marie Leopoldine Anna Auguste zu Schaumburg - Lippe ; 21 May 1873 -- 6 April 1962 ) was daughter of Prince William of Schaumburg - Lippe , and consort of Friedrich , Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont .
In August 2004 , Sumanth married former actress Keerthi Reddy .
Chitrangada Singh was married to golfer Jyoti Randhawa .
Khosrow Jahanbani ( 1942 -- 16 April 2014 ) was the son of Iranian general Amanullah Jahanbani and second husband of Princess Shahnaz Pahlavi .
Flórula Vascular da Mata da Bufarda - Abílio Fernandes & Rosette Batarda Fernandes A Universidade de Coimbra e o Estudo da Flora e da Vegetação dos Paízes Africanos de Língua Oficial Portuguesa - Abílio Fernandes ( 1993 )
Benny ( Bennie ) Fields ( born : Benjamin Geisenfeld ) ( June 14 , 1894 -- August 16 , 1959 ) was a popular singer of the early 20th century , best known as one - half of the Blossom Seeley - Benny Fields vaudeville team .
Kaj Chydenius was one of the founding members of KOM - teatteri in 1971 , together with Kaisa Korhonen who was his wife then .
Bianca Cappello ( 1548 -- 20 October 1587 ) was an Italian noblewoman who was the mistress , and afterward the second wife , of Francesco I de ' Medici , Grand Duke of Tuscany .
Ahab ( Hebrew : אַחְאָב , Modern Aẖ'av , Tiberian ʼAḥʼāḇ ; `` Brother of the father '' ; Greek : Αχααβ ; Latin : Achab ) was the seventh king of Israel since Jeroboam I , the son and successor of Omri , and the husband of Jezebel of Sidon , according to the Hebrew Bible .
Euphemia of Pomerania ( 1285 -- 26 July 1330 ) was a Danish Queen consort , spouse of King Christopher II of Denmark .
This LP also included a new commission , George and the Dragonfly , with John Kershaw 's words set to the music of Herbert Chappell and narrated by Robin Ray , John Kershaw and Susan Stranks ( Robin Ray 's wife ) .
Florence Balcombe ( 17 July 1858 -- 25 May 1937 ) was the wife of Bram Stoker , whom she married in Dublin in 1878 .
Galeria Fundana ( c. 40 -- aft . 69 ) was a Roman empress of the 1st century CE , the second wife of Roman emperor Vitellius .
Empress Xiaochengren ( Manchu : Hiyoošungga Unenggi Gosin Hūwanghu ; 26 November 1653 -- 16 June 1674 ) was the first Empress Consort of the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Jemma Redgrave married Tim Owen , a London barrister , in 1992 .
Arne Quinze married Barbara Becker at their Miami waterfront home on 9 September 2009 .
Avi Lewis is married to journalist and author Naomi Klein ; his sister Ilana Landsberg - Lewis is married to musician and activist Lorraine Segato .
The most prominent is Iseult of Ireland , wife of Mark of Cornwall and adulterous lover of Sir Tristan .
Karl Brandt married Anni Rehborn ( born 1907 ) , a champion swimmer , on March 17 , 1934 .
Asporça Hatun ( c. 1300 -- c. 1362 , birth name Princess Asporsha ) was the second wife of Ottoman Sultan Orhan Gazi and the mother of Şehzade Ibrahim , Fatma Hatun and Selcuk Hatunof the Ottoman Empire .
Pony Verma married actor Prakash Raj on August 24 , 2010.The couple were blessed with a baby boy in February , 2016 .
Julie Andrieu married in August 2010 French neurosurgeon Stéphane Delajoux .
Mary Stuart , Countess of Bute , 1st Baroness Mount Stuart ( 19 January 1718 -- 6 November 1794 ) was the wife of John Stuart , 3rd Earl of Bute , who was Prime Minister of Great Britain between 1762 and 1763 .
Iris M. Ovshinsky ( July 13 , 1927 -- August 16 , 2006 ) was an American businesswoman and scientist , and the co - founder of Energy Conversion Devices with her husband Stanford R. Ovshinsky , serving as its Vice President from its founding in 1960 until her death .
Nefermaat 's wife was Itet , also spelled as Atet .
Anne de Mowbray , 8th Countess of Norfolk , later Duchess of York and Duchess of Norfolk ( 10 December 1472 -- 19 November ( ? ) 1481 ) was the child bride of Richard of Shrewsbury , 1st Duke of York , one of the Princes in the Tower .
Princess Fiona is a fictional main character who serves as the female lead in DreamWorks ' animated Shrek film series .
Sabina of Bavaria - Munich ( 24 April 1492 -- 30 August 1564 ) was born Duchess of Bavaria and became wife of Ulrich , Duke of Württemberg .
Maria Luisa of Parma ( 9 December 1751 -- 2 January 1819 ) was Queen consort of Spain from 1788 to 1808 as the wife of King Charles IV of Spain .
Alice Barnham , Viscountess St Albans ( 1592 - -1650 ) was the wife of English scientific philosopher and statesman Francis Bacon .
Mary Easson is married to prominent businessman and former unionist Michael Easson .
Matilda of Béthune ( died 8 November 1263 ) , heiress of her father Robert VII , Lord of Béthune , was a countess consort of Flanders , wife of Guy , Count of Flanders and mother of his successor Robert , Count of Flanders , known as Robert of Béthune after his mother .
Germaine Kieckens ( 1906 - -October 26 , 1995 ) was a Belgian secretary , the first wife of the Belgian cartoonist Hergé , to whom she was married from 1932 to 1977 .
Lina María Moreno Mejía ( born 13 November 1955 ) is the wife of the 31st President of Colombia Álvaro Uribe Vélez , and served as First Lady of Colombia from 2002 to 2010 .
Sheikha Shamsa bint Suhail Al Mazrouei ( Arabic : الشيخة شمسة بـنت سهيل آل مزروعي‎ ) is the first wife of current President of the United Arab Emirates , Emir ( ruler ) of Abu Dhabi , HH Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan .
Beatrice of Brabant ( 1225 -- 11 November 1288 ) , was a Landgravine consort of Thüringia and a Countess consort of Flanders , married to Henry Raspe , Landgrave of Thuringia , and to William II , Count of Flanders .
Élisabeth Depardieu ( née Élisabeth Dominique Lucie Guignot ; born 5 August 1941 ) is a French actress , writer , co - producer , ex - wife of actor Gérard Depardieu and mother of actors Guillaume and Julie .
Virgil ( 1.746f ) adds that the marriage between Dido and Sychaeus , as Virgil calls Dido 's husband , occurred while her father was still alive .
Frances Cox Henderson ( 1820 - -1897 ) was the First Lady of Texas as the wife of the first Governor of Texas , James Pinckney Henderson .
Iris Fontbona is a Chilean billionaire businesswoman , the widow of Andrónico Luksic Abaroa , from inheriting Antofagasta PLC . She lives in Santiago , Chile .
John Reagan McCrary ( October 13 , 1910 - -July 29 , 2003 ) , better known as Tex McCrary , was an American journalist and public relations specialist who invented the talk show genre for television and radio , and appeared on radio and TV with his wife , Jinx Falkenburg .
The Government of India , in 2014 , honored Lloyd Rudolph and his wife , Susanne Hoeber Rudolph , for their services to literature and education , by bestowing on them the third highest civilian award , the Padma Bhushan .
Gunn Wållgren was married to 1 ) Erik `` Hampe '' Faustman ( actor and film director ) 1941 - 49 and ; 2 ) Per - Axel Branner ( stage director ) 1954 - 75 ( his death ) .
Zhang Youyi ( Chinese : 張幼儀 ; Wade -- Giles : Chang Yu - i ; 1898 - -1989 ) was a Chinese educator , banker , and the first wife of the Chinese poet Xu Zhimo .
Egil Monn - Iversen was married to the Norwegian actor and singer Sølvi Wang until her death in 2011 .
Regina Sarfaty ( born 1934 ) , later `` Regina Sarfaty Rickless '' after her marriage to Elwood A. Rickless in 1963 , is an American operatic mezzo - soprano who had an active career during the 1950s through the 1980s .
Emma Zilli ( pronounced ( ˈɛmma ˈdzilli ) ) ( 11 November 1864 -- January 1901 ) was an Italian soprano , possibly best known for creating the role of Alice in Verdi 's Falstaff in 1893 .
Conchita Supervía ( 8 - -9 December 1895 -- 30 March 1936 ) was a highly popular Spanish mezzo - soprano singer who appeared in opera in Europe and America and also gave recitals .
Maria Margarethe Danzi née Marchand ( 1768 -- 11 June 1800 ) was a German composer and soprano .
Nicholas Phan is a lyric tenor who has performed internationally with orchestras including the New York Philharmonic , English Chamber Orchestra , the Los Angeles Philharmonic , the BBC Symphony , the San Francisco Symphony , the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and others .
Andreas Karasiak ( born 1968 ) is a German classical tenor in opera and concert .
Marie - Julie Boulanger , née Marie - Julie Halligner ( 29 January 1786 -- 23 July 1850 ) , was a French mezzo - soprano .
Alex Esposito is an Italian bass - baritone opera singer , best known for singing Mozart roles , especially Leporello in Don Giovanni .
Georgina Weldon ( 24 May 1837 -- 11 January 1914 ) was a British campaigner against the lunacy laws , a celebrated litigant and noted amateur soprano of the Victorian era .
Émile - Alexandre Taskin , born in Paris on 18 March 1853 , and died there on 5 October 1897 , was a French operatic baritone mainly active at the Paris Opéra - Comique .
Knut Schoch is a German tenor in opera and concert as a specialist in the field of historically informed performance , and an academic voice teacher .
Petra Noskaiová is a Slovak classical mezzo - soprano , active in the field of Baroque music .
Aarne Viisimaa ( born as Arnold Peeter Visman ; 25 November 1898 , Sangaste -- 2 October 1989 , Stockholm ) was an Estonian operatic tenor and opera director .
Claire Croiza ( 14 September 1882 -- 27 May 1946 ) was a French mezzo - soprano and an influential teacher of singers .
Yvie Burnett ( born 8 August 1968 ) , is a Scottish mezzo - soprano and vocal coach , best known for her work with Simon Cowell on television shows The X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent and also The Big Reunion and The Voice UK .
Christopher Temporelli is an American operatic bass and concert singer based in New York .
Anthony Michaels - Moore ( born 8 April 1957 ) is an English operatic baritone .
Julian Konstantinov ( Bulgarian : Юлиян Константинов ) ( also Yuliyan Konstantinov ) ( born 1966 ) is a Bulgarian operatic bass particularly known for his interpretations of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , Giuseppe Verdi , and the bel canto roles of Rossini and Donizetti .
René Kollo ( born November 20 , 1937 ) is a German tenor , especially known for his Wagnerian parts .
Stephen Gadd ( born 1964 in Berkshire , South East England ) is an English operatic baritone .
Robert Kerns ( June 8 , 1933 , Detroit - February 15 , 1989 , Vienna ) was an American baritone , he was a stylish and versatile singer with a wide repertoire .
Franklyn Baur ( 1903 - -1950 ) was a popular tenor vocal recording artist .
Keedie Green ( born Keedie Babb , 21 October 1982 , Wolverhampton ) is a British classical crossover soprano , with three octaves in her voice that reaches a top A above a top E.
George Rasely ( 1889 -- 3 January 1965 , Lawrence , Kansas ) was an American tenor who had an active career in operas , concerts , and musicals during the first half of the 20th century .
Mildred Miller ( born December 16 , 1924 ) is an American classical mezzo - soprano who had a major career performing in operas , concerts , and recitals during the mid twentieth century .
Sona Aslanova ( 4 October 1924 -- 9 March 2011 ) was a Soviet and Azerbaijanian soprano , Meritorious Artist of Azerbaijan Republic known for her historic performances of Azerbaijani , Russian , and an international classical and folk vocal music repertoire .
Rosanna Carteri ( born 14 December 1930 ) is an Italian soprano , who was primarily active from the 1950s through the mid-1960s .
Karl Scheidemantel ( 29 January 1859 -- 26 June 1923 ) was a baritone singer , and later an opera director .
Muriel Dickson ( 12 July 1903 -- 11 March 1990 ) was a Scottish soprano who was particularly known for her performances in the works of Gilbert and Sullivan .
Pierre - Aurèle Asselin ( 1881 -- 1964 ) was a French Canadian furrier and tenor singer .
Martial Singher ( August 14 , 1904 - March 9 , 1990 ) was a French baritone opera singer born in Oloron - Sainte - Marie , Pyrénées - Atlantiques .
Milada Šubrtová ( 24 May 1924 -- 1 August 2011 ) was a Czech operatic soprano who had a lengthy career at the National Theatre in Prague from 1948 through 1991 .
Abdylas Maldybaevich Maldybaev ( Kyrgyz : Абдылас Малдыбаев ) ( 1906 -- 1978 ) was a Kyrgyz composer , actor , and operatic tenor singer .
Florence Quivar ( born March 3 , 1944 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American operatic mezzo - soprano who was considered to be `` one of the most prominent singers of her generation . ''
Noah Stewart ( born 1978 ) is an African - American operatic tenor .
Franco Bonisolli ( May 25 , 1938 -- October 30 , 2003 ) was an Italian operatic tenor , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , notably as Manrico and Calaf .
Angelo Manzotti is an Italian countertenor or sopranist born in 1971 in Marmirolo , Italy .
Grete Natzler ( 19 June 1906 -- 10 June 1999 ) was an Austrian actress and operatic soprano .
Wilhelm Strienz ( 2 September 1900 in Stuttgart -- 10 May 1987 in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German bass operatic singer .
Seiko Lee ( born Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese soprano who began her musical studies at age four in Tokyo .
Lamberto Bergamini ( 1885 - -1957 ) was an Italian operatic tenor who sang leading roles in the opera houses of Italy and South America as well as at the Paris Opera .
Vincenzo Negrini ( born Vincenzo Bartolomeo Trentanove ) ( 24 August 1804 -- 16 August 1840 ) was an Italian bass - baritone opera singer .
Carlos Cosías is a Spanish operatic tenor born in Barcelona , Spain .
Jules Bastin ( 18 August 1933 -- 2 December 1996 ; Waterloo ) was a Belgian operatic bass .
Emma Fursch - Madi ( 1847 -- 21 September 1894 ) was a renowned French operatic soprano .
Anna Maria Strada ( fl . 1719 - -1741 , in Bergamo ) was an Italian soprano of the 18th century .
Marie Aubry ( 1656 - -1704 ) was a French operatic soprano of the baroque period .
Robert vom Scheidt ( 16 April 1879 , Bremen - 10 April 1964 ) was a German operatic baritone .
Kate Condon ( February 4 , 1877 -- May 27 , 1941 ) was an American contralto who performed in light and grand operas on Broadway and in opera houses over the first two decades of the twentieth century .
Leonid Mikhailovich Kharitonov ( Russian : Леонид Михайлович Харитонов ) is a Russian bass - baritone ( баритональный бас ) singer , born 18 September 1933 in the village of Golumet , Irkutsk Oblast .
Fabiana Bravo ( born in 1969 ) , is an acclaimed Argentine operatic soprano , who has achieved international success both through her interpretation of concert literature and in her powerful portrayals of operatic heroines .
Jacqueline Brumaire ( born Herblay , 5 November 1921 , died Nancy 29 October 2000 ) was a French operatic soprano and later teacher .
Guy Bélanger ( born 24 November 1946 ) is a Canadian tenor , opera director , composer , and conductor .
Emelie Hooke ( 24 September 1912 -- 9 April 1974 ) was an Australian soprano who was notable in opera , oratorio and concert , and sang in Australia , England , Europe and South Africa .
Ginamaría Hidalgo ( August 23 , 1927 -- February 10 , 2004 ) was a light - lyric soprano Argentine singer .
Helen Zerefos OAM , is an Australian coloratura soprano .
Maude Fay ( also spelled Maud Fay ; 18 April 1878 -- 7 October 1964 ) was an American operatic soprano who was known for singing dramatic roles .
Ellen Beach Yaw ( September 14 , 1869 -- September 9 , 1947 ) was an American coloratura soprano , best known for her concert singing career .
Pari Zanganeh ( Persian : پری زنگنه‎‎ ) ( b. 1939 , Kashan , Iran -- ) is an Iranian opera and folklore singer ( Spinto soprano ) .
Lisbeth Balslev ( born 21 February 1945 ) is a Danish operatic soprano with an international career , especially in Wagnerian operas .
Mark Nicolson is an American tenor opera singer residing in New York City .
Marie - Louise Gilles ( or Marie - Luise Gilles , born 1937 ) is a German mezzo - soprano in opera and concert , also a professor of voice and stage director of opera .
Mary McCormic ( November 11 , 1889 -- February 10 , 1981 ) was an American operatic soprano and a professor of opera at the University of North Texas College of Music ( 1945 - -1960 ) .
Graziella Sciutti ( 17 April 1927 -- 9 April 2001 ) was an Italian soprano opera singer and later vocal teacher and opera producer .
Neil Howlett ( born 24 July 1934 ) is a retired English operatic baritone who has sung leading roles in major opera houses and festivals in the UK and abroad , including the Royal Opera House , Teatro Colón , and the English National Opera , where he was the Principal Baritone for seventeen years .
